===============================
Chapter - 551 - Code Disassembly (4).txt
===============================
[551] Code disassembly (4)
“maze… … Seed?”
An unforgettable face came into Shirone’s eyes.
Although they fought against Heaven’s army together, they did not even know that she was alive because they were active in their respective regions.
“long time no see. how have you been doing?”
This is the second meeting since we met in the space-time of the labyrinth.
Instead of the divine feeling at the time, a realistic sense of reality came first, but the beautiful appearance remained the same.
“What happened? Why is Mr. Miro here… … ?”
“Sit down for now. You’ve been starving for quite some time.”
As if answering, I heard a growling signal from inside my stomach.
When we sat down at the table without a murmur, Miro put the grass porridge in a bowl and set it aside.
“eat. Because there are many.”
“Yes, I will eat well.”
She was on the verge of going crazy without eating anything, so as soon as she picked up a spoon, she took a big scoop and put it in her mouth.
‘It tastes awful.’
The bitter taste beyond imagination, the grass porridge flowed down like a waterfall and was put back into the bowl.
Miro put her chin on her hands and smiled.
“what’s the matter? Is your jaw uncomfortable?”
“I… … What medicine is this, to cure me?”
“no. It’s just my morning.”
I didn’t have anything to say in response, so as I was looking at it, Miro reached out to the bowl.
“If you don’t want to eat, eat next time.”
“Oh no!”
Shirone hurriedly passed the bitter porridge.
After eating, I wondered if I was worried about the state of my stomach after starving for a long time, but maybe this was just Miro’s skill.
Anyway, the feeling of something going into my stomach was satisfying.
While eating, Miro told me what had happened.
From the events that happened in heaven, to the cooperation of Theraje and Miro to enter the apocalypse to save Shirone, who was caught in debt due to the Valhalla action.
“Rian… … .”
Shirone’s nose was cold.
The Undercoder is nothing more than a duplicate of information, so it has nothing to do with memory, but the sight of Rian fighting for his life came to mind as if he had seen it with his own eyes.
“Rian suffered. Of course, I suffered the most.”
As Miro smiled, Shirone realized her mistake and added more words.
“Oh, thank you. Miro, as well as Marsha noona and Fermi. I have debts I cannot afford.”
“okay. But sooner or later you will have to deal with it.”
After finishing a bowl of porridge, Shirone put the tableware down and blinked.
“Speaking of affordability… … ?”
“Then did you think I saved your life for free? Follow me. There is work for you to do in the future.”
Miro left the cabin without even removing the bowl.
When Shirone left the door, the scenery of the mountain with the refreshing feeling of late summer was revealed.
“Where is this?”
“Where are you? It is a place where you will behave like an animal from now on.”
“Do you roll like a beast?”
Miro didn’t answer and went into the small training center behind the cabin.
Inside the wooden building, there were rows of candles lit along the walls and nothing but two cushions.
“sit down. From now on, follow what I teach you well.”
She sat facing Miro, but Shirone was not in a hurry.
It was only two hours ago that Valhalla Action got out of debt.
He didn’t even think of coming back alive from heaven, and above all, he remembered the faces of his parents and friends who were waiting for him.
“excuse me… … Are you training?”
“maybe. Why don’t you want to?”
“No, not at all, but… … .”
Shirone asked cautiously.
“First of all, can’t you at least contact your family?”
Miro’s smiling face suddenly turned cold.
“Don’t be c*cky, Shirone.”
Suddenly, the candles slanted toward Shirone.
When I met the night cat-like eyes, my saliva flowed down my throat.
“Whatever you experience in heaven, it is past. The only thing left in front of you is the magic school’s graduation exam. Competitors are still training fiercely. Or what, do you think you can graduate with your current skills?”
Thoughtful, Shirone looked straight at the maze and said.
“yes.”
Miro, whose expression was relaxed, sighed.
“that’s right. Actually, I think so too.”
In heaven, Syrone’s magic has taken off.
The conviction that he would work well in the senior class was neither arrogant nor absurd, but a word derived from his judgment ability to coolly analyze his own condition.
“You are strong. It is safe to say that there are very few people his age to compare with. Of course, the Valhalla action was sealed for the time being, but it’s a function installed on Armand anyway, so it’s separate from the graduation exam.”
Shirone calmly waited for words to follow.
“You can graduate. But that doesn’t guarantee that you will definitely become a wizard.”
“What does that mean?”
“It is literally. The graduation exam is only to decide whether or not to graduate, and it is entirely up to the scout’s evaluation of what kind of institution you will work for as a wizard and what kind of life you will lead.”
“I heard that from Ms. Collie. So, digesting the senior class schedule is also individual freedom.”
“That’s right. And I can assure you… … .”
Miro said softly twisting her lips.
“You will never be a wizard.”
Shirone’s eyes widened.
“Wizard… … .”
“Exactly, the wizard you want. After graduating from Alpheas Magic School, you can get an unofficial license. You could be a mercenary, or you could find a way to get into the black line. But don’t even dream of joining the Association as a certified mage or reaching a high position in the kingdom’s magic department.”
It felt like my heart was on fire.
“Why?”
“Because you killed God.”
“… … .”
“No matter what, it is the few rulers who move the world. Powers from around the world are watching you. Thera will not abandon you, but even she is only one of her three emperors in her temple. Will she let the other two emperors stand still? I guarantee you, you will get caught up in all sorts of political scheming, used, ripped off and thrown away.”
It doesn’t sound realistic, but it’s probably true.
This is because Miro, who suffered from the checks of world leaders through 20 judges, speaks directly.
“Do you have a grasp of reality now? I also built a dimensional wall and was imprisoned for 20 years. Of course, it was an act of my own will, but if I had refused, I would have died. Just like my family was destroyed.”
Shirone suppressed the desire to cry sadly.
“The strongest banya who stopped the army of heaven. That’s the title given to me. Of course, as a single entity, I’m strong enough. But Shirone, the nation is above humans. System is stronger than brute force. Even the Gaold you know lived 20 years holding his breath to save me.”
“… … Then what should I do in the future?”
“Be strong.”
Miro’s answer was simple.
“Graduation is not the problem. You won’t be in any country until you graduate. Thera will also use her strength. The real storm comes after graduation. Within that, you must become strong enough to protect at least one of your bodies.”
Miscellaneous thoughts disappeared from Shirone’s head.
“I’ll teach you the method about the wizard later. But that’s after I’ve gotten stronger.”
“yes. I understood. We will start right now.”
Thinking that this is why it is convenient to talk to someone who can change posture quickly, Miro told me the plan.
“I will give you guidance, but actually, during your time with me, what you should learn the most is not magic.”
Shirone tilted her head.
“What else besides magic?”
“Incarnation.”
It was the art of incarnation that mankind’s strongest banya spoke of.
“Incarnation is in everyone. I just don’t understand. Also, even if you realize it, using it enough to call it a skill is another matter.”
Miro demonstrated himself.
Behind her, the incarnation of Kannon slowly rose and spread its 12 arms in full bloom like petals.
“This… … .”
“Thousands Arms Guanshi Yin. If it is prajna to reveal the incarnation outside the body through mental transcendence, prajna’s will affects the laws of the world.”
As Miro opened her eyes, Kannon’s arm flew into the air.
Shirone couldn’t even react until the palm of his hand pierced his body, and his heart belatedly fluttered.
“If I did it for real, I would be dead.”
Shirone nodded with a firm expression.
“This is just the work of the mind. It’s just that the effect of transcending the mind has materialized and appeared. You could call this a skill, but… … .”
After saying that, Miro closed her eyes and the incarnation of Kannon began to grow in size.
With a size that would fill the training center, Shirone opened her mouth and looked up at the ceiling.
“This is possible if you sharpen and polish it.”
Transcendence of the mind – all things.
Following the movement of the maze, Guanyin put his palms together, and hundreds of candles were extinguished.
Nobody opened their mouths as the smell of burning wicks permeated the air.
The wall side glowed, and before I knew it, I could see the maze lighting candles one by one.
“… … How did you do it?”
“Simple. Guanyin’s arms as many as the number of candles caught the wick at the same time. You just didn’t see it.”
“Are you saying that the power of an incarnation can act on things as well?”
“Not everyone can do it. Incarnations are different for each person, and their unique personalities come into play. The realm is set, and I only applied it through scale magic.”
Miro, who lit all the candles with Ignite, sat down.
“The basis of incarnation is to strengthen incarnation. There are many ways, but one that is too biased is boring, so let’s make it a sequence for easy understanding.”
“yes. I also learned sequence formulas.”
Miro laughed.
“The things you learn at magic school are things like how many seconds is zero to 100. But incarnation is on a different level.”
Miro’s fingers quickly drew a horizontal line.
“Zero bag, that is, the speed of the sequence increases mental power. I use the momentary concentration of counting 100 in one second. Therefore, unless the speed continues to increase, the mental strength does not increase indefinitely.”
Shirone also had experience in practice tests.
“On the other hand, the important thing in the art of handling incarnations is the greatness of the number. Grafting the size of a number to incarnation. Let’s do it now. Since you are also a banya, it will be easy to apply.”
“Yes, I will try.”
Shirone took a deep breath and closed his eyes.
Upon entering the mental transcendence, the remnant of an angel with wings of light appeared.
‘Intensify this in a sequential manner.’
By using the modularization learned at school, it broke through the zero-hundred mark in an instant and entered the thousand and ten thousand units.
‘Not yet?’
At the end of the five minutes, Miro yawned.
I didn’t know how many times I had to count to strengthen the incarnation.
‘then… … !’
Shirone, activated by Ogi, opened the Immortal Function.
It was dangerous to fully expand and surpass the number, so I adjusted it, but the enormity of the number increased exponentially.
The incarnation of Shirone began to become clearer, and the afterimage disappeared, revealing a clear boundary line.
“Huh!”
At that moment, Shirone, who broke away from the sequence, let out a rough breath.
“It’s quite right. If you succeed from the start, that’s great. So, how many did you count?”
Shirone, who took a deep breath, spoke as she searched for memories.
“Um, 58.38721 billion… … .”
“Okay, that’s all right.”
Miro stopped talking as soon as the first digit appeared.
“It doesn’t matter if you’re late, but it’s too little for 10 minutes. That’s why you can’t handle the incarnation.”
“Then, how far has Mr. Miro gone?”
“me? Hmm. I didn’t really do any sorting. For example, if I just blew out the candle… … .”
Miro, who was engrossed with his arms crossed, said.
“Wouldn’t Gyeong (10 to the 16th power) have been exceeded?”
“kyung… … .”
All I could think of was that humans were not a unit that could be counted.
“What are you so surprised about? From now on, this is the stage you need to reach during the vacation period.”
Shirone’s face turned pale.
“yes? me?”
“you can do it. I will help you.”
Miro is a talent unprecedented in the history of mankind, but even so, there is no certainty.
“I won’t say it’s easy. But if you’re already scared, it’s troublesome. You entered that world.”
Miro said, recalling an anecdote from a while ago.
“There was a situation where I had to stop Satan in Heaven. It took some time, but in the end it landed the best blow. If you look at the incarnation art at the time as a sequence, how much do you think it would be?”
Shirone, who did not dare to predict, shook his head, and Miro raised his index finger and said,
“Day.”
“Day?”
“secret.”
At units that didn’t feel intuitive, Shirone began counting as he had seen in the book.
‘Cho, Gyeong, Hae, Ja, Yang, Gu, Gan, Jung, Jae, Pole, Hanghasa, Ah Seung-gi, Nayuta.’
As the unit got bigger, the pupils gradually rolled up.
‘secret… … .’
It was 10 to the power of 64.
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 552 - Power of the Day (1) 2.txt
===============================
[552] Power of the Day (1)
The words came out of Shirone’s mouth as he thought about 10 to the power of 64.
“Is it a number that humans can count?”
“It’s not a number. Kyeongjiji.”
Miro pointed to his head.
“Sequences are just one of the ways to expand the mind. If you can feel the speed of numbers accurately, there is no need to read it in your mind.”
Shirone’s sequence was also understandable because it was a speed that far exceeded the limits of ordinary people.
However, to interpret Miro’s words in the opposite way, unless you felt it correctly, you had no choice but to read it.
‘Feel the number of kyung units.’
Come to think of it, it wasn’t impossible at all.
If you calmly run at a speed that does not shock your mind, you will eventually reach it.
The speed wasn’t too late even thinking about it from then on.
“There are 73 days until school starts. The goal is to bring the incarnation into it and raise it to the level of unity. I’ll have to think about what I can do with it, but it’s sure to be useful for magic as well.”
Even Shirone could be sure of that.
It’s a difficult task, but if you succeed, the strengthening of your mental strength will be enormous.
“Yes, I will try. What should I do first?”
Above all, the labyrinth of the world provides guidance.
Little by little, I gained confidence when I realized that there was no way I could make him do the impossible.
“What you have to do from now on to reach the realm of one body… … .”
As Shirone gulped, Miro opened his mouth.
“You’re working like crazy.”
The answer came after quite some time.
“yes?”
“yes? Did you just answer that?”
“No, not like that, I don’t know how… … So, there are only 73 days left… … .”
Miro laughed.
“okay. I won’t tell you to think you have 73 days left. But Shirone, that’s not something that humans can do. You don’t have to think about things you can’t change. If you are given 73 days, you have to solve it within that time.”
It was a breathless word.
“I understand how you feel. But that’s a barrier in reality given to everyone. If you pass, you win; if you fail, you lose. I want to find a way to do it somehow, there is no such thing in the world. Have you been like this all this time?”
Shirone nodded heavily.
“you can do it. Believe in the power of the day, Shirone. If you did 1 today, after 73 days you have accumulated 73 times that amount.”
It is also an obvious reality.
“People in the world like to pay attention to talent, but in reality, I have only reached it by building up day after day.”
It was a comforting word.
“The body is governed by the brain, and the brain is governed by the mind. The mind moves only looking at the result.”
Miro pointed to Shirone’s chest.
“When you reach unity, your incarnation will also exhibit its singularity and will become much stronger than it is now. Just think about it.”
‘Success. I will definitely do it!’
After confirming that Shirone’s eyes were different from before, Miro stood up.
“Okay, I think you understand, let’s move on. Follow me.”
The place where Shirone arrived was by the stream not far from the cabin.
Miro tapped the flat rock under the shade and said.
“Come over here and sit down.”
Although she did as she was told, it was nothing but bewildered for Shirone, who was expecting some grandiose training.
“What are you doing here?”
“Do nothing.”
“yes?”
“You can’t just have a water sequence all day. When you want to cool your head, sit here and look at the scenery across the street. No ceremony, no entry into the Spirit Zone.”
Shirone looked across the stream.
It was a common mountain scene with a single bent tree planted in front of it, but no special features.
I felt good, but I was afraid that even the resolution that had been on fire would disappear.
“Can’t we just practice sequence expressions?”
“no. And you can’t rest anywhere else. Rest is at least 4 hours.”
The sound of the mountain wind brushed my ears.
Can looking at nature for 4 hours without doing anything be considered a break?
‘I don’t think I’ll have time for this.’
Miro, who noticed the expression of disbelief, raised the corner of her mouth.
“Do you think it is pointless?”
“Ah yes. in fact… … .”
Miro leaned on Shirone’s shoulder and looked back across the stream.
“Shirone, nothing insignificant. I just don’t want to look into it.”
I just don’t want to look into it.
“Even the fallen leaves rolling in the wind and the heaps of garbage removed from the streets all contain stories as long as they existed. So are humans. Just as the years you have lived are huge to you, everyone in the world is living making huge stories in the same time. But most people don’t know that. It’s because they don’t want to look into it.”
“… … okay.”
Miro’s words made a little sense.
“From now on, you have to look into every part of the world. Only thinking flexible like water can transcend limits. Look at nature here every day. Cool your head by listening to their stories. It probably won’t be boring.”
‘Let’s do it. Let’s believe in the power of the day.’
Shirone clenched her fists as she imagined her own incarnation after 73 days.
* * *
In the training ground of Karmis’ head family, there was a loud noise all day without a break.
The large training ground of 1,000 pyeong was a place that was open only to wait for the troops attending the clan meeting, but currently, only Amy remained here, training close to death.
‘I can’t do this!’
The two-kilometer-long Spirit Zone in sniper mode rotated and changed direction like a compass.
Unlike the cross shape where the wizard is at the center, the sniper mode had the wizard standing at the end of the straight line, so the intensity of the rotation was enough to paralyze the mind.
Targets flying outside the visual range heard the sound of explosions, but it was only a 60% chance.
‘What kind of sniper is this!’
In order to hit a target moving at high speed, the spatial coordinates must be added to the temporal coordinates.
Even with a target with a fixed pattern like now, if the probability is 60%, it is almost impossible to snip a creature with free will from 2 kilometers away.
‘Maximize my organs!’
Amy didn’t give up.
The key is to shorten the rotation speed of sniper mode and the time it takes for Fire Strike to reach the target.
‘One way, one way!’
As he stabbed his concentration once more into the center of his concentration, which had become as thin as a needle, his mental strength was strengthened by the square power.
“Huh!”
The two-kilometer straight line swung around in one big turn.
The number of targets caught in the process was 32.
After predicting all the patterns of the target and casting fire strikes in all directions, 16 explosions rushed in after a while.
In the face of a 50% accuracy rate that was lower than before, Amy dropped the Spirit Zone and knelt down.
“ha! ha!”
I’d like to think it’s because I’ve reached the limit of my mental powers, but a fire boils inside me.
There is no such thing as an all-around beauty.
If I couldn’t do it in sniper mode, even after graduating, I would be left with just such a wizard.
“One failure is the foundation of success. Two failures are a disgrace to the family.”
Recalling the family motto, Amy stood up and her eyes burned red.
The failure of a moment ago was accurately backed up in Hongan’s self-image memory.
It was the reason why the Karmis family had no teacher.
* * *
D-69 days.
In the place where you go 300 meters underground from the mansion of the capital, Mercodyne, there is a bunker to prepare for ancient weapons classified as map weapons and city-destroying magic equivalent to them.
It was none other than Eruki, the son of the family head, who was boldly attempting detonation magic in this place where items were stored to survive for more than 100 people for 3 years.
‘Now!’
Eruki, who was sitting in his room with his eyes closed, lifted his eyelids and electricity flew from his pupils.
At the same time, the air lingered as if something was about to happen in the center of the underground bunker.
“Detonate!”
He screamed and jumped up, but the expected earthquake did not happen, and Eruki sat down on the bed helplessly.
“It’s not easy when you try it.”
The magic he’s currently trying was a fusion detonation magic that was possible because he had two spirit zones, a special move that hadn’t even been named yet.
“Are you still here today?”
The head albino opened the door and came in, but Eruki didn’t even look at him, he was just engrossed in his thoughts.
“So, is the plan to blow up the ancestral breath’s young Mercodyne mansion going well?”
“There are no results yet. That’s why I’m trying to get annoyed.”
“… … .”
The albino stared at his son for a while and smiled.
“Don’t overdrive too much. The endurance of your brain can’t handle the speed of your brain’s circuitry. Life will be shortened.”
“does not matter. If only we can make this work.”
“That’s what I mean. Just looking at it, it seems like your lifespan will run out first before you succeed. I think that’s kind of stupid.”
Eruki jumped up.
“Why are you here? Aren’t you busy?”
The albino grinned.
“No matter how busy I am, I still have time to meet my son.”
“I don’t have time to meet my dad. Get out. We have to redefine the theory.”
Eruki waved his hand and walked to the blackboard, which had already been erased and rewritten hundreds of times.
The albino, who was watching him frantically scribble mathematical formulas with chalk, said.
“The human brain is such a well-made organ.”
The chalk stopped moving.
“yes? I beg your pardon?”
“As for how well-made it is, the circuitry is so good that you can’t tell the difference between what you’ve experienced and what you’ve imagined. It means that whether you eat or imagine eating, the electrical patterns in your brain come out the same.”
Only then did Eruki turn around.
“Isn’t that an interesting phenomenon? But this is science. So there is a saying like this. To be successful, imagine the moment you succeed. Then your brain will know how to adjust to it.”
Eruki’s eyes blinked quickly.
“what… … That’s just what it says.”
When the albino raised his hand and left the room, Eruki turned to the blackboard.
And I started erasing formulas like crazy.
‘It’s not too late. It’s starting again from today.’
* * *
D-65 days.
The numbers raced like mad in Shirone’s head.
‘no! too big!’
The key is not to read thoughts, but to speed up the thoughts themselves, but when I reached 100 billion, I felt like my brain went into convulsions.
“Take it slow. There is still plenty of time.”
Miro’s words did not touch my heart.
It’s been a few days already, but it was only 100 billion won.
It didn’t make sense to go beyond the group and enter the respect unit in this way.
“Keugh!”
At around 120 billion, Shirone’s mind jumped.
‘You’ve been counting for eight hours already… … .’
Miro comforted him.
“Still, I went farther than yesterday. let’s try again.”
“I can’t do it today. My head feels like it’s going to explode… … .”
“sun.”
At times like this, Miro’s voice became undoubtedly cold.
“not there yet. There are 24 hours in a day, and only 15 hours have passed yet. 11 hours minus a 4-hour break.”
Although Shirone has been through all the battles before and after childbirth, breaking her limits in real time was an unbearable pain.
“but… … I also have something called fatigue.”
“That is none of my business.”
Shirone’s eyes tightened, but Miro was still cold.
“Don’t get me wrong, Shirone. It’s a training you do to become strong. No one is forcing you to be strong. If you want to give up, why don’t you just pack your things and go home?”
“I have no intention of going back.”
“Then do it. that’s the reality Is it unreasonable? Do you think that it is necessary to live so hard? Shall I tell you why?”
Miro opened her mouth in a determined voice.
“Because someone is doing it.”
The poison disappeared from Shirone’s eyes.
“Someone is enduring what you did not want to endure. that’s the competition So did I, and so did Gaold. Sein, Zulu, Flu, all of them endured the pain and climbed up.”
Shirone bit off his teeth.
“Don’t think that those above you got something by accident. Everyone was as painful as you. So don’t be foolish about the limit or what. If you don’t want to do it, just quit.”
With her eyes revived, Shirone let out all the resentment in her stomach.
“Puuuuuuu!”
It was hard enough to die for, but I didn’t want to give up, so I had no choice but to do it.
‘Let’s hold on! Let’s hold on a little longer!’
Another day was piled up like that.
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 553 - Power of the Day (2) 2.txt
===============================
[553] Power of the day (2)
* * *
D-63 days.
The winds of competition blew through everyone in the senior class, and Dorothy was no exception.
She was nicknamed the 4D girl because she always went to school with a hazy expression, but her eyes reflected in the large glasses as she was disassembling the tin doll were clearer than ever before.
The name of the tin doll she is working on is Hickory.
To her, a manipulative joner, it was as precious as life, and it was also the core of her magic.
‘We have to evolve the algorithm.’
After completing the graduation schedule in the first half of the year, he climbed to the top of Class 2, but the threshold of Class 1 was still high.
I couldn’t sleep at night thinking about how some of Class Three’s freshmen had already been promoted to Class One.
Hickory, connected via the Spirit Zone, began to clatter around the room.
Dealing with an algorithm is about controlling the process before the result, so there was no problem in checking whether it worked without having to conduct a combative experiment.
Everywhere you look, Hickory, who looks like a piece of junk, floats his heavy body in the air and lights up his round eyes.
‘Applying the Dorothy Algorithm. Version 4.3.’
Hickory’s neck spun rapidly with a loud siren sound, and shortly thereafter he crashed to the ground with a vibration.
Dorothy’s expression as she watched Hickory’s broken neck changed to a thoughtless, indifferent look again.
“… … .”
Annoyed to the point where she couldn’t stand herself up again, she went into bed and pulled the blanket over her face.
A strange moaning sound began to leak out of the blanket.
D- 61 days.
“more! sooner! too slow!”
“Aaaaaaa!”
The punching bag with a thick iron core shook heavily as the screamer poured in a series of blows with all his might.
The hit points were marked with circles on the leather containing the sand, and numbers indicating the order of repeated hits were engraved.
“Is that all! How are you going to become a champion with this!”
The screamer’s father, Pyroker, who volunteered to be a coach, yelled into his son’s ear.
Pyroker, who holds a key position in the heavy infantry of the Kingdom of Tormia, is a martial arts fanatic who even acquired a Colosseum pro license, and was a skilled fighter with a record of 21 wins and 2 losses in 23 matches.
However, due to the shock of losing to a wizard in an event match hosted by the kingdom, he was temporarily away from the fighting machine, and the anecdote that a screamer, who watched the match pathetically, said he would enter a magic school, was famous within the family.
“damn!”
Traces of pain were clearly visible on the face of the screamer who was carrying out the Tekken project created by Pyroker.
The 7 consecutive hits, which had to be captured in an instant, continued endlessly with thousands of cycles.
“Aaaaaaa!”
The impact sound of the repeated hits exploded lightly, but Pyroker rather got angry.
“Your accuracy has gone down! More Accurate, Faster, Stronger!”
Even moving an arm was an unreasonable request in a difficult situation.
“Don’t stop! hit it! Once you get caught, you equip your instincts with multiple hits that will knock anyone out!”
As I repeated the same motion endlessly, certain parts of my body felt like it was being torn apart.
‘How can I hit it faster here!’
Pyroker did not waver despite the fact that he was beyond the limit of pain and became irritated.
“Are you in trouble? But what should I do? Aren’t I in pain at all?”
‘Should we really stick together!’
“Shall I tell you the great truth? No one understands your pain People don’t even care how hard you’ve been. A fighter who doesn’t produce results is just a punching bag!”
“Aaaaaaa!”
The screamer, who had lost his temper, stopped training with a strong shout, but the heavy punching bag did not even move.
“Heo-eok! Huh!”
I couldn’t breathe, so I was going to regurgitate.
“Who told you to rest? Hit it fast!”
“… … 1 minute only. I will rest for one minute.”
Pyroc, whose expression was relaxed, spoke in a soft voice.
“You want to be strong? Shall I teach you how to become stronger?”
As the screamer looked up, his father’s face turned into a demon again.
“Nothing like that, you idiot! Snooping on the method itself is an excuse! Do you know why? How to become strong is so easy that even a three-year-old knows! hit! get stronger! hit! Become stronger!”
‘I can’t move my arm… … .’
A minute’s rest was rather causing muscle spasms.
“Can’t you? Then admit it cleanly! I mean, stand by and applaud the champion as he passes by!”
“Damn it!”
The screamer, who was bubbling inside, pushed the punching bag away and opened up the distance, then rushed in and opened fire.
“Don’t do it right! accuracy! accuracy!”
D-59 days.
Sitting cross-legged on a rock overlooking the stream, Shirone’s face had dried up in a matter of days.
All she ate was grass porridge made by Maze, and her brain consumed all the nutrients she had obtained, so she lost three kilograms of her already light body.
‘I can’t think of anything.’
I want to take out the brain and put it in the trash.
Except for 3 hours of sleep, this was the only rest time.
At first, I wondered if it would help my training, but recently I realized that it definitely helps.
If I hadn’t been given even 4 hours of meditation, I would have died of exhaustion or committed suicide from madness.
‘There is nothing insignificant. I just don’t want to look into it.’
I looked at the scenery in front of me, reflecting on Miro’s words, but I couldn’t understand what the hell he was asking me to look into.
‘The leaves are hanging. It shakes because the wind blows.’
I saw a spider building a web among the branches.
‘What is that spider thinking?’
As I watched endlessly, the sun began to set before I knew it.
‘It’s nighttime, the spider must have eaten something.’
The spider must have eaten something too.
It’s a very obvious fact, but it was quite interesting because I had never looked into it.
“Shirone, let’s start night training.”
As Miro’s voice calmed down, it felt like my heart sank with a thump.
Four hours outside hell was shorter than one hour in hell.
“… … yes.”
Shirone let out a small sigh and followed Miro to the training center.
D-55 days.
The outbuildings in the Tormia Royal Castle were as gorgeous and gigantic as the mansions of nobles.
The only royal pony in the magic school threw herself into the pool of a specially renovated outbuilding.
As she floated on the water wet, the maids held towels and stomped their feet.
“My lady, take a break today. What if I catch a cold like this?”
“are you okay. That’s it for today, go in and rest.”
“but… … .”
“It’s an order.”
Shocked by the cold words, the ladies-in-waiting gathered towels and left the pool.
“Whoa!”
Pony flipped her blond hair left and right in the direction of the part, then entered the Spirit Zone.
As the propeller installed in the pool rotated, numerous rocks were created.
Her specialty is hydropower, and her field is rapids.
The goal of this training was to completely reverse the flow of water created by the machine.
‘It will become stronger.’
The royal family is noble, and that is why they do not work.
However, that was only a direct privilege, and it did not become a goal in life for Pony, who could not ascend to the throne.
‘royalty. I don’t need authority given by others.’
When the torrent magic was cast, the flow of water changed rapidly, and the focus of the eyes shook as the power of the mechanical device set higher than the limit was pushed.
‘I’ll make it! I establish my authority myself!’
The sight of foam rising to the surface was as if the water was boiling.
D-51 days.
Shirone’s sequence has finally begun to exceed trillions.
After passing 1.2 trillion, Hwasin’s light shimmered with brilliant brilliance, and Miro carefully observed the change.
‘Changes are definitely being felt. But we’re still far from reaching the singularity.’
When one reaches the level of one body, the individuality of the incarnation affects the law.
Until now, it is not possible to predict what the personality will be, but the range of change can be said to be quite large.
“Big!”
In the repeated training, Shirone’s sequence continued to grow without knowing the end.
The breadth of growth beyond the first group and reaching the second and third groups speaks of Shirone’s talent, but it was still far from respect.
“omg!”
Screaming in agony, Shirone knelt down.
I felt like I heard a pop in my head, but then nothing came to my mind.
“Black… … .”
Unknowingly, his face turned into a tear-stain.
‘it’s tough. it’s too hard.’
He has fought many battles, but fighting himself is completely different from the concept.
It must be because defeating oneself means killing oneself soon.
In a state where you can neither die nor live, you have to go even one step further than yesterday.
It was as dead as the number of three trillion, and now it was the limit.
“I don’t think I can make it in time.”
“Is that sound again? You said you don’t have to think about it.”
“My head is dizzy. Sleep a little and wake up… … .”
“sun!”
As Miro screamed, Shirone raised her head with hostile eyes.
Miro’s beautiful face now looked like that of a vicious witch.
“You say you don’t have time and go to sleep? continue. All other thoughts are delusions.”
“I could really die.”
“I told you not to be silly.”
The corner of Shirone’s mouth went down sadly.
“When you feel unreasonable, just remember this. Even at this moment, I am working hard with the determination that I don’t care if someone dies. There are countless people who want to become stronger, even by risking their lives or selling their souls to the devil. There is no reason why you should claim the glory of victory while leaving them alone. If you don’t have enough time, you can reduce your sleep time.”
Even now, even though she only had 3 hours of sleep, Miro’s words were as resolute as a knife.
“It’s okay, even if it’s shortened by about an hour… … .”
“Don’t die! Don’t die, Screamer!”
“Aaaaaaa!”
As if trying to erase Pyroker’s voice, the screamer who was hitting the punching bag screamed.
But the more he did, the more intense his father’s whipping became.
“Don’t cling to talent! Don’t take pride in your efforts! I will fight only for you!”
“Aww! Aaaaaa!”
As the 7 consecutive hits were repeated non-stop, the heavy punching bag began to shake with a creaking sound.
‘Become stronger! Become stronger than I was a second ago!’
Tomorrow’s me will be stronger than today.
All the veins were coming up on the upper body of the screamer who clenched his teeth and stretched out his fist.
D-48 days.
Shirone desperately suppressed the idea of losing her mind.
‘4.3 trillion. 6.7 trillion. 11.9 trillion.’
There was a little joy on the face of Miro, who had been watching indifferently until now.
‘It’s accelerating.’
It was evidence that the mind and body had begun to withstand the current training.
After crossing the 12th row, Shirone collapsed with a thump.
“again. Start from scratch.”
“Aaaaaaaaa!”
As he was filled with vicious emotions, he screamed involuntarily, but his body was responding to Miro’s words as if he were hypnotized.
“Shirone, success is the sum of failures. You build failures and jump over the wall of success.”
‘14.4 trillion! 19.8 trillion! 24.6 trillion!’
Blood dripped from Shirone’s nose, but Miro didn’t even pay attention and looked higher than his head.
Where the haze of light rose, a golden angel spread its wings wide.
‘The world is watching you. Die or die. You can do it, Shirone. If I can do it, you can too.’
Ten days after that, Shirone’s sequence reached the first target point of 1,000 trillion.
The period left until the opening of the magic school.
D-37 days.
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 554 - Power of the Day (3) 1.txt
===============================
[554] Power of the day (3)
* * *
D-36 days.
From the day after the sequence exceeded 1 trillion, Shirone’s skills grew rapidly enough to be called rapid acceleration.
With my eyes wide open, the number developed from 1 began to enter in trillions while accelerating endlessly.
‘Two trillion!’
I was counting, but I no longer felt like I was reading.
It was a state where numbers flowed endlessly in his thoughts, just like blood flowing through his veins.
‘Three trillion!’
Through a huge realization that took the first step to a new level, Shirone’s number ran without knowing the end.
‘Four trillion!’
Miro, who was watching the training with emotions as much as the growing number, had a moment of doubt in his eyes.
‘huh? what?’
Shirone’s incarnation is in the form of an angel with wings of light.
Also, as the sequence progressed, the traces of light disappeared and the outline became clearer.
However, beyond 4,000 trillion, the outline was rather distorted, and even the shape was partially collapsing.
‘Is the change from now on?’
When one reaches the realm of oneness, the spirit of prajna can even affect the laws of things.
However, it was impossible to even guess what kind of personality was contained in Shirone’s incarnation just by the collapse of the form.
“Huh!”
Shirone let out a rough breath, shuddered with a shocked expression, and fell to her knees with a thump.
Miro asked, coming a little closer.
“How many?”
“It ended at 5 trillion.”
half with no penalty.
‘It’s a psychological break.’
By embodying a certain technique of a sequence formula that can be learned in a trillion units, he covered more than 4,000 trillion in an instant, but the idea of half of the goal created a new limit.
“I’ve said it before, but you shouldn’t be obsessed with it. Only thinking flexible like water can break the limit.”
“yes.”
Of course, if it was easier said than done, there would be no failure in the world.
“I will try again.”
Miro was satisfied with the fact that at some point, Shirone stopped screaming in pain.
‘The desire for success is beyond the fear of failure.’
Failure, failure, failure repeated endlessly.
But if you don’t give up, it’s not a failure, it’s absorbed into the many experiences you need to reach success.
‘You’re doing well, Shirone. A person who has never fallen cannot walk.’
I don’t train to get sweet titles like ‘genius’ wizards or ‘monstrous powerful’ wizards.
‘Fail many times. It’s nothing to be ashamed of. Rather proud.’
A ‘trained’ wizard who can cope with any variable.
‘That’s your only pride and the best decoration a pro can have.’
The bridge of Shirone’s nose twitched while staring at the world of numbers.
‘I’m going to be a wizard! It will definitely happen!’
D-34 days.
Dorothy’s room was hot with the heat of rage and foul with the smell of pleasure.
On the bed, Dorothy was hunched over, buried under the covers, and a confused sound of ecstasy or crying leaked through the cotton barrier.
“iced coffee! ah!”
Hickory, a scrap doll, was strewn about beside the bed, completely smashed.
“evil! Aww!”
I thought I was almost done, but at the last minute all sorts of errors popped up.
‘Why now! Why are they bursting all at once!’
Anger reached its peak, and his heart was twisted.
“Aagh! Aww!”
Just when the blanket in the form of a slug was shaking violently, the door burst open and my sister came in.
“hey! What are you talking about a moment ago? What else did you break!”
The movement of the blanket stopped, and the younger sister, who was still looking around the room, frowned as if she knew this would happen.
“Anyway, Psycho! During vacation, what are you doing without peeping noses? Do you know how worried your mother is?”
The continued nagging made Dorothy straighten up from her crouch and sit down on her knees.
“… … get out.”
Her face, wrapped in the blanket, was covered with cold sweat.
“Before I tell you to leave, be quiet! You don’t even have to think about the person living next door! In bed all day… … !”
“Get out!”
The younger sister’s shoulders twitched at the high-pitched cry.
She’s usually an unsophisticated sister, but this hysteria was no joke.
“mi… … friend… … .”
When her sister left the room as if running away and closed the door, Dorothy wrapped herself in the blanket again and curled up.
“evil! Aagh!”
A groan of screams jumped out of the futon.
D-23 days.
Eruki’s eyes had already been twitching for 20 minutes.
As the vast amount of data flowed backwards into his head, which was calculating nuclear fusion, the blood vessels in his eyes began to burst.
Eruki’s mouth was smiling even as he shed bloody tears.
‘can do. Because I can.’
If you can’t succeed, just knock until you succeed.
Data began to slam into the iron barrier blocking the perfect formula at a tremendous speed.
‘It will open eventually.’
Even if you can’t open it, it doesn’t matter.
This is because the already successful self behind the iron gate will open the door and come out to meet you.
D-21 days.
‘why? Why can’t I move on from here?’
Amy’s face contorted with anger as she rotated the spirit zone in sniper mode.
For several days, the accuracy of sniping had not increased from 90%.
Amy, who checked her condition backed up in Hongan, found a congestion section in the psychological data.
‘That’s stupid. I’m satisfied.’
We do not reach perfection because we subconsciously feel that perfection is unnatural.
‘Thoughts are rigid! I have to destroy myself!’
As I rotated the Spirit Zone, the two-kilometer-long Sniper Zone spun at an incredible speed.
Every time I fired a fire strike at the target, the air whimpered.
It takes only 1.3 seconds for the flames that accelerate along the air tunnel to reach the target.
‘It’s meaningless if it’s not 100 percent!’
Dozens of targets exploded simultaneously.
D-19 days.
“Okay, Screamer! Smash it and throw it away!”
“OMG! OMG! Aww!”
The screamer screamed in pain, but the body showed no signs of stopping.
You have reached Runner’s High.
Pyroker, who had been staring blankly at his son who was frantically hitting, muttered in a subdued voice.
“Yes, Screamer. That’s right… … .”
“yes? I beg your pardon!”
The screamer, who didn’t hear, was annoyed, but Pyroker was just proud of his son.
‘It’s finally over.’
There is a limit to becoming strong because you want to beat someone, because you want to trample on the loser and feel superior.
‘No, I can’t become strong.’
This is because such low pleasures are so easily frustrated in the face of the enormous pain they must endure.
‘Screamer, do you know why so many people are risking their lives to compete?’
Because I don’t want to lose.
You endure any pain because you can’t admit that you haven’t done something.
‘Become a Wizard, Screamer! Become a champion! Because that will be the greatest happiness in your life!’
“dad! what are you doing!”
Pyroker suddenly came to his senses and stole tears.
It will be painful enough to die, so you won’t be able to survive without fighting.
“Okay, Screamer! Finally fell in love with Grogi! The champ is totally gone! Clap! Put an end to it!”
“Aaaaaaa!”
D-14 days.
The psychological break that reached half of the first scene did not disappear easily.
The sequence still remained at the limit of 5,000 trillion, and several days passed in that state.
‘are you okay. Because I’m doing my best.’
Shirone did not fret.
If you can’t do it, you can’t do it, and that must have been an accident that faced the reality coolly.
“haha!”
Shirone, who was taking a break sitting on a rock by the stream, suddenly burst into laughter.
Come to think of it, on the 32nd branch of the opposite tree, most of the leaves were down, but one leaf was up.
‘It’s really funny.’
Being able to laugh at the direction of a leaf that no one would even pay attention to was proof that his thinking had become flexible.
‘The spider built a big house. That’s good.’
During the training period, the spider’s web, which must have been broken by rain and wind five times, was caught between the branches.
‘It’s really obsessive. That’s right, it was very windy last night too.’
I felt happiness as the spider walked around the house stretching its slender legs.
‘You got through it.’
At that moment, his body trembled and he cried out.
“what? uh?”
Tears poured down from the overwhelming emotion that I couldn’t control.
‘Ah, that’s right.’
Nothing insignificant.
‘Good. That’s good, spider.’
Even if it’s just a small creature, even if it’s a hateful spider that others don’t even pay attention to, if you look inside it, there’s a story as big as your own story.
‘There is a Tao everywhere.’
As Shirone’s spirit zone opened, the incarnation of an angel slowly bloomed.
As Elysion was activated, the boundary between me and the world disappeared, and the sequence began to run at a tremendous speed in a state where even the instructions of the maze were forgotten.
3 trillion, 4 trillion, 5 trillion.
As the realm that had been thought to be the limit so far collapsed, the number finally piled up to a higher level.
‘Six trillion! Seven trillion!’
As the incarnation of the angel collapsed further, Miro, who was watching from afar, smiled.
‘Everything in the world converges in life.’
No level, no transcendence can exceed living.
‘I want to be a wizard. It is also a huge life that cannot be compared to others.’
Miro observed the transformation of the incarnation, thinking that maybe it could be reached in time.
‘what?’
Miro’s smiling expression suddenly hardened.
When the sequence of the 7,000 trillion race entered the 8,000 trillion, the form of the incarnation completely collapsed, and the particles of light began to circle in numerous vortexes.
The splendor that dazzled the eyes was a masterpiece, but it was a sight that could not be called beautiful.
It was a bizarre haze that, to be honest, made me feel like it was brutal.
‘No, it’s not like that. Even standing in front of the sun would be the same.’
It is a human standard to feel vicious.
I didn’t know what kind of personality the incarnation had, but I felt afraid because it was a phenomenon that transcended all human experiences.
‘What kind of singularity is it?’
The landscape was refracted as if time and space were distorted, and numerous afterimages were overlapping.
‘Changes are becoming evident.’
As long as he realized with his body that there is a Tao everywhere, it was safe to say that there was only a short distance left to reach the state of being one.
‘I think I need to do a little more.’
I was cheering for the ceremony as much as I was curious about Shirone’s incarnation, but suddenly the haze of light disappeared like a lie.
“Huh! Huh!”
After escaping from the trance, Shirone exhaled a heavy breath, then quickly turned around when she felt the presence of the maze.
“Did you just see it? I broke through! It went up to 9 trillion!”
“Nine trillion… … . The heart of perfection.”
Contrary to what he expected to be praised, when Miro bit his lip, Shirone realized that he had disobeyed the order.
“Oh, sorry. Unbeknownst to me, the sequence ceremony… … .”
“No, good job. Even if it penetrated 5 trillion, it seemed like it would be blocked one more time. Let’s do our best for the rest of the period to make it successful.”
“yes!”
Gaining confidence, Shirone walked to the training center with courage.
On the other hand, Miro still couldn’t leave his seat and looked back at the rock where Shirone was sitting.
It was even more disappointing because we had almost reached it, but wishing for more than this was greedy.
‘I’ll be able to check soon. But what kind of incarnation is it?’
The change in the law revealed at the time of approaching the singularity was a strange phenomenon that even Miro, the strongest banya, could not analyze.
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 555 - Power of the Day (4) 1.txt
===============================
[555] Power of the day (4)
* * *
Shirone’s sequence has finally approached the sutra.
The more he did, the more viciously the vortex of light spread and the surrounding landscape became grotesquely distorted.
The texture of the whirlpool was just the movement of numerous particles as if it were stamped with dots, but those who watched could sense the flow through the imagination of their brains.
‘So what the heck is that?’
As it got closer to the singularity, the maze became less talkative.
The airflow of light that filled the training center was burning as if it were on fire.
‘little bit more! little bit more!’
As the accumulated experience points for each day began to show signs of exploding, Shirone whipped her spirits.
‘I believe in the power of the day!’
The acceleration that I was able to get because I did my best every moment.
What he would get at the end of running after burning the experience points of failure would be a huge joy enough to blow away all the pain he had so far.
‘come! come!’
Far away, Shirone’s realm was waiting for Shirone.
“Oohhh!”
The screamer’s repeated hits hit the punching bag so quickly that you couldn’t even see them.
Accurate, fast, and strong enough to be hit helplessly once the distance was caught, it was an experience reached after countless repetitions.
‘This is the end!’
As he struck with all his might, the wire that hung the punching bag snapped with a bang.
Pyroker’s eyes widened as the punching bag, which had flown 3 meters, fell with a thump, unable to control its heavy body.
“you… … !”
I know it’s childish to show my feelings, but even so, I couldn’t stop the explosion of suppressed emotions.
“Aaaaaaa!”
The muscles of the screamer’s upper body, who clenched his fists and spread his arms, cracked to the point of disgusting.
It was an intense pleasure that cannot be felt from any victory.
‘It’s done!’
The moment Eruki’s eyes flashed with electricity, the long-awaited earthquake began to occur.
“done!”
When the bunker that had been staying underground for a long time exploded, the hall was in chaos.
As the ground shook, all the utensils spilled onto the floor, and the ladies-in-waiting screamed and ran around holding their heads.
“… … .”
The head albino, who had been standing against the wall and calmly watching it, turned his gaze to the stairs to the second floor.
Eruki was coming down.
“Congratulations. You have finally destroyed the family legacy.”
Eruki shrugged his shoulders, but he couldn’t hide the joy in his eyes.
“I will apologize to my ancestors when I go to the next world.”
Eruki spoke briefly and left the mansion to get ready to go back to school.
“Apologies… … .”
The albino muttered as he looked at his son’s back.
“It would rather be the other way around.”
“you can do it! perfectly!”
A fire strike spread around Amy.
The flames spewed out as if flowers were blooming and shot down 58 targets.
100 percent accuracy.
Amy’s body trembled as she accurately extracted 58 sound waves from the overlapping explosions.
However, the moment of emotion was short-lived, and soon he stared into space with fierce eyes.
‘I will definitely graduate.’
Recalling the humiliation she received last year, her red eyes burned.
The water in the pool prepared in the outbuilding of the royal castle was caught up in two rapids and created a bizarre whirlpool.
As the submerged pony raised the hydraulic power to the limit, the water column soared with a pop, and all the water in the pool was pumped out.
“Kyaaak!”
The maids who were waiting with clothes to change into shrieked and stepped back.
The water hit the walls on all sides and flowed back down the floor, raising the water level in the pool little by little.
‘It’s a success.’
Although it was a pony who calmly closed her eyes, she was holding back with all her might so as not to undermine the authority of the royal family.
“My lady, congratulations! It’s so cool!”
It must have been a compliment on the lips of maids who didn’t know much about magic, but since it wasn’t an authority given by someone else, a smile appeared on her ice-cold face.
‘The future is only mine.’
Dorothy, wrapped in a blanket, jumped upright and trembled.
After convulsing for a while, she immediately collapsed, burying her face in the pillow as if her strength was exhausted.
“Haaaaa… … .”
When she turned her head, her glasses were completely crooked, and her face as she looked back at the floor was thick with satisfaction.
Gying! Gying!
Hickory, her alter ego, was dancing, turning her neck and limbs at each joint.
D-4 days.
In the training center where the candles were burning, Shirone was concentrating on the training ceremony, even exceeding her sleeping time.
Miro also waited patiently, like a midwife delivering a child after a difficult delivery.
Both of them were determined to see the end within today.
‘9,200 trillion! 9,400 trillion!’
The realization of the body and body had already been obtained a few days ago, and the only thing left was to strengthen the law of incarnation.
And finally even that came to an end.
Gyeong.
Shock settled in Shirone’s eyes.
“Huh!”
Transcendence of the mind – All in the body.
The haze rising from Shirone’s body ascended to heaven and transformed into a gigantic angel.
Gwangcheonsa Temple – Sibul statue explosion.
Miro opened his eyes wide and inspected the incarnation.
He looked somewhat like Ikael, but he was male and his features were clear.
The incarnation’s body, which looked down at the maze for a moment, quickly disintegrated and began to be sucked into Shirone’s body.
‘What is this again?’
The incarnation of banya is a phenomenon revealed through mental transcendence.
The stronger the incarnation’s power, the bigger or clearer the aura was.
“Heo-eok! Huh!”
Shirone, who was breathing heavily with an expression of disbelief at the result he had achieved himself, raised his head.
“I did it! I did it!”
‘It’s not gone. It is unification.’
The ferocious whirlpool of light had only subsided, but the aura of quiet light still lingered in Shirone’s body.
As Shirone tried to approach Miro, afterimages of light overlapped around Shirone’s body as if they had followed the lines of the body.
“for a moment.”
Miro raised her hand to stop the movement.
“Why are you like that?”
“Has anything changed? It must have looked different.”
“no. I wouldn’t feel that way.”
Shirone said so, but Miro clearly confirmed that the afterimage of light vibrated whenever she turned her head.
‘You can’t feel it? If so… … .’
After completing the primary analysis, Miro pointed to the end of the training center and gave instructions.
“Walk over there.”
As Shirone moved, the recoil of the overlapping increased, and the afterimage escaped to the point where it left the body.
‘Time is vibrating. Judging from the interval between the substance and the afterimage, it is about one second before and after.’
A frustrated Shirone asked as soon as he reached the wall.
“Why are you like that? Is something wrong?”
“Yes. As you know, when you reach the realm of one body, the law of incarnation affects the law of the world. And your law… … .”
Miro found the clearest definition.
“Breaks the wall of time.”
“yes? A wall of time?”
“Let’s check first. Walk back to me.”
As Shirone turned towards the maze, afterimages made of light vibrated in all directions.
Each afterimage was Shirone’s past and future potential to be reached.
“stop.”
When Shirone stopped walking, a moan of admiration escaped Miro’s mouth.
As if she had returned to the past a second ago, she was still one step behind her eyes.
“Did you just feel it? You moved about half a step back from what I was looking at.”
“No, I didn’t feel it. I just stopped.”
“That’s right. No teleportation, no time reversal. You have a much more fluid perception of time than other people.”
“I’m not sure what you mean.”
Miro raised both hands as if to catch a ball.
“Listen carefully from now on. All matter is trapped in the mold of time. Humans also have no choice but to feel one second per second.”
Shirone also understood up to this point.
“But your incarnation broke it. It means that the space of the mold expanded as if an explosion occurred inside.”
“Uh, so that… … What is it exactly?”
“Simply put, you don’t live one second at a time. One second in the past and one second in the future are all included in the present. In other words, it is like perceiving 3 seconds of time in 1 second.”
Miro approached Shirone.
“Let’s prove it. From now on, I’m going to hit you in the chest with my fist. But you can’t stop it in advance. I’ll block you after getting hit.”
Miro waited so that Shirone couldn’t measure the timing, and then threw a punch at an unexpected moment.
Taking a step back, Shirone’s face turned pale as he grabbed her by the wrist.
“… … What happened?”
“You blocked it after being hit, right?”
“Yes, I was right… … . I do not know. I guess I just imagined it was right. I have a memory, but it feels like it’s not real.”
“That’s right. In conclusion, I couldn’t hit you. It’s because I got rid of the incident that hit you in the past.”
Shirone relaxed her wrist and asked.
“How is that possible?”
Miro said while drawing a graph in the air.
“Let’s say the coordinates of the time I hit your chest were 23 seconds. Ordinary people cannot escape the 23-second incident. But you’re living 22 and 23 at the same time. I also live 23 and 24 at the same time.”
Miro said softly not to dodge this time and put a fist on Shirone’s chest.
“Okay, I hit it in 23 seconds. And your incarnation recognizes the 22nd, 23rd and 24th seconds simultaneously. In other words, the result that has already been decided for others is not yet for you.”
“Because 22 seconds is also the present for me.”
“okay. Since everything between the 22nd and 24th seconds is now, the result of the 23rd is also fluid.”
Miro took a step back and said.
“Then let’s do the opposite this time. You hit me.”
Shirone took a deep breath and cleared his mind.
When the will to act disappeared, the vibration of the light disappeared, and the incarnation of an angel appeared above the head again.
‘It was like this. A light angel that destroys time.’
That is the Sibulsang Bombing.
‘now!’
As soon as Shirone’s eyes opened, the angel’s form collapsed and was absorbed into his body again.
And soon, dozens of afterimages popped out and took a stance to strike Miro.
‘The probability of an event that will happen in the future.’
The reason I had no choice but to think that way was because the brightness of the light was different.
‘The clearest one must have a high probability.’
Thinking so, Miro lowered her upper body to avoid it, but before she knew it, Shirone’s fist was touching her cheek.
As expected, Miro raised his gaze while feeling the feel of his trembling fists.
“okay?”
“… … yes.”
From Shirone’s point of view, it was too easy.
Miro lowered his upper body, and he just had to stick his fist out towards the place where Miro’s face was.
“An event that will happen one second later for an ordinary person is the same as a current event for you.”
Miro straightened her upper body and straightened her clothes.
“Your incarnation art basically deals with time period. Because you perceive 3 seconds in 1 second, your actions are bound to look like probabilities to ordinary people.”
“That’s the afterimage of the light Mr. Miro saw.”
“that’s right. The afterimage of the light flowing along the border of the body reveals an event that will happen within 3 seconds with a probability. But it’s natural for you to feel three seconds, so it’s invisible.”
Shirone just listened with a blank expression.
Of course, his personality was expressed, but it was a singularity that transcended common sense.
“This is the final test.”
Miro slowly opened the distance.
“From now on, I will attack you with my incarnation. Of course, I will control it, but it can still cause a psychological shock. If you can avoid it, you can say you have learned the basics of incarnation.”
The incarnation of the Thousand-Handed Guanyin I saw before I started training.
When all the candles in the training center were extinguished, it was so fast that the eyes could not even catch it.
“Yes, I will try.”
Recalling the scene at the time, Shirone strained her eyes.
The haze of light entangled in the state of unity with the water and the child, and the shape of an angel with wings of light spread again began to be formed.
Light Angel and Thousand Arms Guanyin.
The two incarnations manifested by the two banyas glared at each other from the height of the ceiling.
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 556 - Steel Door Again (1) 1.txt
===============================
[556] Steel door again (1)
Even though they are incarnations of the same banya, the depth contained in them is completely different, so just by facing them, Shirone felt pressure.
Shirone, who has just reached the end, and the stage of the labyrinth beyond the mystery cannot be the same.
“Don’t be nervous. I won’t die.”
It made me even more nervous because it meant anything was possible except death.
‘Sibulsang bombing… … .’
Miro glanced up at the stern face of the light angel, whether or not he knew what he was feeling.
No incarnation can manifest anything more than itself.
‘Intimacy of Light, Particles of God, Ataraxia, Valhalla Action… … .’
A lot of experience and skills must have formed a light angel, but Miro couldn’t help but think of the influence of someone who doesn’t exist now.
‘Maclein Guffin.’
If Maze divides one second into extremes, Shirone destroys the boundary of one second.
An art of incarnation that integrates the properties of particles and waves, which are the characteristics of light.
‘If you reach the state of baramil… … .’
Even she couldn’t imagine what the outcome of the poem bombing would be.
“It begins.”
As Miro slowly twisted her body and assumed an attacking stance, Shirone also pulled back one foot and prepared to accept it.
As Hwashin’s posture changed accordingly, the tension soared to the limit.
‘Thousands Arms Guanyin Lightning Field.’
Even before Miro’s expression or posture changed, the incarnation moved.
In the space of one second, which was divided into thousands of pieces, Thousand Arms Kannon’s consecutive strikes overlapped 1,000 times and landed on Shirone’s head.
‘Wowaaaaa… … .’
Seeing Kannon’s attack for the first time, Shirone shuddered as if she had been electrocuted.
Could the human mind sink so deep?
‘I have to avoid it!’
The light angel permeated into the body, and Shirone quickly twisted her body.
‘It hit!’
As Miro opened her eyes wide in conviction, a thousand intestines slammed into the floor.
And Shirone had already moved to the right along a gap in time that Maze couldn’t perceive.
“omg! omg!”
She controlled her strength, but since she was sincere, Miro gave Shirone a smile of approval as she exhaled heavily.
“Pass. Congratulations, Shirone. This is the end of training.”
As soon as the word “end” clicked into her brain like a switch, Shirone’s eyes gradually rolled upward.
“Ah, thank you… … .”
Due to the long period of asceticism and the shock of witnessing the Kannon’s attack a while ago, there was no stamina left to endure.
Shirone fell asleep with a thump and couldn’t get up, and Miro sighed and carried him back to the cabin.
It was around 4 in the morning.
* * *
“Mmm.”
Syrone opened her eyes, clearing her hazy mind as if she had been drugged.
‘training!’
His body was first tense from repeated training every day, but his muscles soon relaxed when he recalled the words of Miro that remained at the end of his memory.
“Right, it’s over.”
My body felt heavier than usual.
It will be your original weight that you have never felt before.
“You did it, really… … .”
Shirone raised her arms and clenched her fists.
After completing the training that seemed impossible, he obtained powerful incarnation techniques.
However, the biggest achievement I got from this training was the experience of overcoming myself countless times.
‘This experience will bring another success.’
That’s how it goes endlessly day by day.
“Mr. Miro?”
After fully recovering, Shirone slowly came out to the kitchen.
The maze was not visible, and only the grass porridge boiled in the morning lay there.
“… … .”
I have to say it now, but I knew for the first time that there was a taste that I couldn’t adapt to.
It is not an exaggeration to say that it is the realm of a god to create a new bitter taste every time it is boiled.
“Because I’m not hungry yet.”
Shirone, who dared to talk to herself and denied the reality, set out to find the maze.
When I opened the door to the training center bathed in the midday sun, Miro was immersed in meditation with only a few candles lit.
“Are you awake?”
“Ah yes.”
I was worried that they would ask if I ate porridge, but luckily Miro just offered a seat.
“sit down.”
As she waited cross-legged, her eyelids slowly opened.
“You did it, Shirone.”
“yes. It’s thanks to Miro. thank you.”
“You worked hard. There’s not much time left until vacation. Let’s go down tomorrow.”
The thought of being able to meet her family filled Shirone’s heart.
“But, you know, nothing has changed. In the future, you will face many trials. Both in her life as a human Shirone and in her life as a wizard.”
Shirone recalled what Miro had said before starting the training.
“I am determined.”
“okay. I was supposed to tell you when the training ended safely. As a senior at the Magic School, as a victim who received the world’s attention before you did, I will tell you what you should do at school in the future.”
As Shirone took a deep breath and waited for his words, Miro raised his index finger and explained the strategy.
“Once I go back to school… … .”
* * *
The West family in the central region of Tormia.
Nade, who spent the entire vacation in a warehouse, fell asleep excitedly with the start of school right around the corner.
You can meet friends.
Even though Shirone’s life and death were unclear, the mere fact of being able to leave the house made her feel like flying.
But maybe it’s because happiness doesn’t suit him, that night, an event from long ago came back to life as a nightmare.
“Huhahaha! This guy is amazing!”
“Aaaaaaa!”
A notorious gang of bandits with hair cut like chicken combs was tying up Nade and giving him an electric shock.
“try! Try again!”
“Help me! Please save me!”
Electric shock at a young age was not only painful, but also unacceptable to the brain.
“Is this guy funny? Is it magic?”
“What kind of wizard is a little boy? Kid, did you really make this yourself?”
“Aaaagh!”
When another electric shock was applied, Nade’s body shuddered wildly as he was having a nightmare.
He was covered in cold sweat, and his hands were clutching his chest in agony.
“don’t do it… … don’t do it… … .”
As bluish electricity radiated from Nade’s body, metal parts strewn about in the warehouse began to vibrate and float into the air.
“die! die!”
The thieves persistently harassed Nade.
‘mom mom… … why?’
Blood flowed from the burns all over his body.
Although her body felt like it was on fire, she felt resentful of the world in the pain she couldn’t escape.
they will kill themselves
The saddest thing of all was the fact that no one would come to the rescue.
Because those who abandoned themselves and ran away will never come back.
“good! This time at full power!”
Nade had no choice but to watch as the claws of the generator he had made were attached to his body.
The switch went all the way up, and an uncontrollable current flowed through the child’s body.
“Aaaaaaa!”
Nade woke up from the dream and raised his upper body with a scream.
At the same time, powerful electricity spread in all directions, and the whole warehouse was blown away with a loud bang.
“Heo-eok! Huh!”
Sitting on the bed that was on fire, Nade glared straight ahead with murderous eyes.
Then, realizing the situation in a hurry, I took off the clothes that were on fire and threw them away.
“Keugh!”
It’s been more than 10 years, but there are still burn scars here and there on the body.
Aside from his family, Eruki was the only one who knew that he hadn’t been in an accident during an experiment.
“what! what’s the matter!”
The people who heard the explosion from the side of the mansion gathered around and looked at Nade with an absurd expression.
It was the reason why he stopped entering the mansion at some point.
He was accustomed to seeing people look at him with a fearful gaze, but there was one gaze he could never get used to.
A mother stood among the crowd.
Nade thought that his own expression must have been as distorted as hers was terribly distorted.
* * *
The first day of school at Alpheas Magic School has returned.
After hanging out with her family for a day, Shirone took the Ogent family’s wagon and set off to school slowly.
The senior class had to pass through the steel gate apart from the opening ceremony, and Shirone had left the test, so it could be said that the time was leisurely.
Around the time the advanced class was noisily disbanding, senior students began to pass through the steel gate one by one.
Collie, the head teacher of the senior class who had been guarding them for a long time, greeted them with a smile as a sign of welcome to Hell.
Amy, Canis, Arin, Eruki, Nade, Dante and others, all of the students who were going uphill had an eerie glow in their eyes.
‘Whoa, I’m in my senior year for this taste.’
Anyone who has completed the senior year schedule in the first half will realize that the fierce competition is beyond imagination.
That leads to special training, and when school starts again, it exudes a deadly energy like a well-forged sword.
‘No one was disappointed. Everyone did their best. But only 10 of them can graduate.’
Even you get goosebumps, but how upset will the people involved feel?
As such, it was a quiet atmosphere even after a long time reunion.
Eruki and Nade were approaching Amy and relaxing, but they weren’t as energetic as before.
‘There is no Shirone. He was expecting a revenge battle.’
Canis, who came back after finishing the terrifying special training during vacation, felt very sad about that.
“Long time no see, Amy.”
When Canis raised her hand, Amy greeted calmly as well.
“Yeah, it’s been a while. Arin, how have you been?”
While Arin shyly waved her hand, Canis pretended not to know and looked around.
“By the way, where is Shirone?”
“Shirone? why do you ask me that?”
Canis, who blinked for a moment at Amy’s irritated voice, smiled knowingly.
“Do not misunderstand. I just asked because you’re close. I don’t think I’ve ever been broken hearted.”
Amy’s eyes lit up.
“What nonsense are you talking about? Wherever Shirone is, what does it have to do with me!”
“Okay, I got it.”
Canis, who usually prides herself on being Amy’s nemesis, thought she shouldn’t touch her this time.
However, the atmosphere was already a mourning house.
‘Bad child. How could you leave like that? Now I don’t even care No matter where you die.’
As Amy left with a pouting face, Eruki and Nade looked back at each other.
“What happened? Eruki, didn’t you hear something from your father?”
“at all. I couldn’t even talk much because I was training. I won’t tell you even if you ask.”
“okay… … . Are you not going to come back to school? No, before that, were you still alive?”
said Fermi, crossing between them.
“He is not someone who dies easily.”
“What is that child? Just like you know.”
Nade grumbled at Fermi’s back, but Eruki just kept silent.
“27 people. It seems everyone has gathered.”
As Collie said, Eider was still in the hospital and Maya and Shirone refused to be evaluated, so they didn’t have to attend.
“Now, today is the start of a new competition. I will introduce the schedule for the second half, so please follow me.”
As the students were about to move along with Collie, the screamer who was looking behind them pointed to the steel door.
“what? Is there another person coming?”
“huh? me, that… … .”
The pupils of the graduating class shook in shock.
A blonde boy, not even carrying a backpack, was walking uphill in a secluded way.
“Shirone?”
It was only after hearing Nade’s words that Amy realized that it was real, and her heart began to beat.
“hi? long time no see.”
No one said anything, but as if she had already expected it, Shirone calmly looked back at her friends and said.
“I’m back, boys.”
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 557 - Steel Door Again (2).txt
===============================
[557] Steel Door Again (2)
Shirone is back
It was a fact that brought joy to some and despair to others.
Most of the fierce competition in the first half had to feel the pressure of being pushed out of the system just by the sight of Shirone passing through the steel gate.
“Shirone!”
Nade came running with tears in his eyes and hugged Shirone.
“What happened! Do you know how surprised we are? really i… … !”
My throat was locked and no words came out.
It was none other than Shirone, who wrote a will and suddenly disappeared.
“Sorry. I’ll tell you all sooner or later.”
“What soon! Blow right now! What happened?”
Eruki stopped Nade by holding him by the shoulder.
“calm down. look behind you.”
Nade turned his head and realized that everyone was staring blankly at him, clearing his throat and stepping back.
“Okay, let’s talk later.”
Shirone patted Nade on the back and moved on to Collie.
On the way, I looked back at Amy and smiled a little, but she just turned her head coldly.
‘Well, it’s something that needs to be explained slowly.’
Even if he had been beaten, he would have felt betrayed, so he couldn’t blame Amy.
Shirone approached Collie and bowed her head.
“Im here. I’m sorry for bothering you.”
“Hmm… … .”
Collie doesn’t know why Shirone rejected the evaluation.
However, he guessed that it was not just personal circumstances due to the grim atmosphere in the school at the time and Ethella and Siena’s sudden business trip.
Also, to jump a little further, it would be related to the Day of Judgment of the Twenty, which occurred when he was a young teacher.
“Yes, I am glad you came back safely. Are you going to be evaluated again from the second half?”
The eyes of the competitors were focused on Shirone.
If Shirone joined in a place where competition was already fierce, it would be like another predator entering the world of the jungle.
“no. I will refuse to evaluate even in the second half.”
The atmosphere was boisterous.
If it was fortunate for the competitors, it was an unexpected decision for Shirone.
Nade asked as Amy stared at Shirone for the first time.
“Shirone, are you really going to take the graduation exam like this?”
-Once you return to the magic school… … .
Instead of an answer, Shirone remembered Miro’s advice.
“Go to Ms. Collie and tell her she will continue to refuse the assessment. Because of going to heaven, there has already been a gap of more than 100 points. Even if you try to catch up as much as possible during the remaining period, it is impossible to overturn. Because that is the structure.”
A few weeks of absence was a serious loss because, except for the strengthening of the main skill or the group evaluation, it was necessary to accumulate small points every day.
“But will it be okay? If you refuse the evaluation, you cannot even enter the evaluation room.”
“You have friends. Even though it’s a competitor, it will help. Cliques form in the graduation exam, so there is no reason to throw away your personal connections.”
It’s a word that denies friendship, but Shirone felt lighter when there was something to be exchanged.
“And the most important thing is you. It’s more efficient not to reveal your skills than to judge your competitors’ skills.”
Even Shirone couldn’t deny that.
“If the exam is conducted normally, you should be able to get into the top 10. But that alone is not enough to survive. Be sure to remember. It’s politics from now on.”
‘It’s politics from now on.’
Said Shirone, who got out of her thoughts.
“To try it alone. It’s hard to keep up with the score anyway.”
Collie respected Shirone’s opinion.
“i get it. Then Shirone goes into the dormitory, and the rest… … huh?”
When Collie looked up, the students followed suit and turned their heads.
A slender woman with brown skin was entering through the steel door.
While the students were staring at the beautiful woman with her half-moon shaped forehead exposed and her hair tied back, someone’s name came out of someone’s mouth.
“Maya?”
From that point on, the students were buzzing, and Shirone also looked at Maya with a blank expression.
She came from a mysterious tribe and majored in sound magic, but was in last place in her graduating class.
Although she was pretty, she was completely different from before when she had lost weight.
“Is that the real Maya? Maya crybaby?”
As a screamer who didn’t know Maya when he wasn’t gaining weight, he couldn’t believe it even when he saw it with his own eyes.
Did you say that a woman’s beauty is her power?
They were close to each other, such as being bullied in the evaluation of strategy and tactics and confronting each other in the occupation of the hill, but as they approached with a changed appearance, they could not treat them carelessly like before.
“excuse me… … I’m sorry, but can I get out of the way? The road is blocked… … .”
Maya’s voice trembled as if her weak personality was still the same.
“uh? Oh sorry.”
When the screamer hurriedly opened the way, she walked over to Collie and stood next to Shirone, bowing her head.
“Sir, we have arrived.”
“okay. You’ve grown thin while I couldn’t see you.”
“Because I don’t need to raise my voice anymore.”
After being advised by Eruki to give up her vocal skills, she sought a change in technique, but it probably wasn’t just for that reason.
Collie remembered how Maya, who came to visit her at night in the pouring rain, cried out loud, saying that she could not forget Shirone.
It was clear that he had no desire to eat due to the scars of a broken heart.
‘Is the mind organized?’
Collie, who had looked at the disciple he had personally scouted with pity, soon regained his composure and said,
“So, you’re still rejecting the evaluation, right?”
“yes… … .”
“I get it. Go in and rest.”
Maya, who was heading to the dormitory past Collie, hesitated for a moment, then looked back with courage.
After spotting Shirone in the eyes of countless men, she smiled a little and greeted her after a long time.
Nade approached and stabbed Shirone in the side.
“Hey, hey! Are you incredibly pretty? But don’t you still have a heart for you? It sucks, I envy you.”
“What are you envious of?”
Shirone asked with a straight face, but Amy had already left the place where they could not be seen.
“Time is running out. Let’s go to the classroom now.”
Except for Eider, who was in the hospital, everyone in the senior class had arrived.
“Shirone, don’t go anywhere and stick to the study group. I will beat you to tears.”
“haha! okay. I’ll be waiting for you.”
After watching the graduating class run away, Shirone left the steel door and headed for the magic warehouse, Estas.
As expected, there were no nags, so it was more dusty than before.
Familiar sights, familiar smells.
But now he knew what kind of place Estas was.
“I can finally feel that I have returned from heaven.”
Although I didn’t get a definite answer from Ikael, there were some results.
Shirone recalled the time she and Miro had spent the day before descending.
‘The meat was really good.’
When I left the room following the first delicious smell coming from the cabin, Miro was grilling the meat I bought from the village.
Maybe it was to create a hot atmosphere, but on the other hand, even strong alcohol was prepared.
“What is all this?”
“We should have a party to celebrate Hassan. Of course, it won’t taste as good as the porridge I made.”
“Oh, of course it is.”
Shirone answered right away, fearing that he might change his mind, and sat down at the table. Miro left the grilled meat and opened a bottle.
“Come on, drink. Are you old enough to drink now?”
“Yes, but… … .”
When Shirone hesitated with his glass, Miro made an aggressive toast.
“ruler! drink, drink! We’ll go all the way today!”
1 hour after that.
After emptying the bottle, the two of them sat on the hill and looked down at the mountain scene.
After the hell schedule, it felt like my whole body was melting at the peace I felt after a long time.
“Shirone, do you regret going to heaven?”
Because I knew there was something I wanted to say, the answer was natural even to a random question.
“No, it can’t be. She came back alive.”
Miro smiled sadly.
“Is there anything you wanted to ask Ikael?”
As the silence lengthened, Miro asked again.
“Do you think she is your mother?”
“yes. I didn’t get an answer.”
“Then do you have any guesses about your father?”
Miro’s question was a little more difficult because Shirone did not know who Ikael was in love with, but he felt the presence of someone inside.
“Why are you asking that?”
“Aren’t you resentful? Your real parents abandoned you.”
Before hearing the answer, I thought it would be better to answer first.
“My parents live in Creas. There are no other parents.”
Shirone looked up at the night sky.
“I just thought I should know. Who it was and why.”
Miro, who had heard that far, was immersed in thought for a long time before slowly opening his mouth.
“Shirone, maybe I… … .”
Shirone turned her head at the heavy voice, but Miro suddenly changed her expression and playfully leaned on her shoulder.
“Eight.”
“Why, why are you like this?”
Shirone shuddered, but Miro reluctantly wrapped her arms around her.
“Stay still. why? I’m embarrassed?”
“Don’t talk back. Didn’t you have something you wanted to say?”
Miro shook her head slowly as she leaned back.
“Nothing. I just thought I should say But if you really think of your current parents as your real parents, I don’t think these words will come out of my mouth.”
Shirone, who had been staring at the maze, turned her gaze to the front again as if reaching a certain conclusion.
“yes. I have only two parents.”
There are certain things that cannot be told through others.
“Ha ha, that’s good anyway. Leaning on the shoulder of such a young man. Do you think this is how you fall in love?”
“The president of the association thinks of Miro a lot.”
Miro just laughed like a girl.
“I will be busy in the future. you and me too I have to live hard even if it’s a waste of my youth that I wasted for 20 years.”
“thanked. It gave me new hope.”
“What is gratitude? This is all preparation for old age. One day, the day will come when I can benefit from my disciple.”
Miro looked up at the full moon floating over the mountain.
“… … Let’s keep in touch.”
Shirone shrugged and laughed.
“yes.”
A small smile formed on Shirone’s lips, who had escaped from the flashback.
‘Thanks to that, I got to know a lot of good people.’
But that too was past.
Estas, which drew the attention of the world, is just an ordinary research society.
‘There are no more secrets. It’s training again from today.’
As if wary of the relief that she had escaped from the yoke of competition, Shirone corrected her posture and entered the sequence ceremony.
The difficulty of entering from billion to trillion and entering from trillion to sutra is the difference between heaven and earth.
Therefore, it was impossible to predict how long it would take to reach the next stage, the level of the sun.
‘I believe in the power of the day. It’s building up day by day.’
As the sequence entered light angel mode as it raced, the incarnation of light permeated Shirone’s body.
I didn’t feel any special change, but it was an established fact as much as recognizing 3 seconds in 1 second.
‘In this way, the wall of time… … .’
At that moment, Shirone’s face suddenly hardened.
‘what? What is this?’
An incomprehensible voice lingered in my ears like hallucinations.
“who is this!”
I turned around and shouted as if something had passed behind my back, but I heard a tearing scream outside the door.
“Aaaaaaaaa!”
“Follow me! Never miss it!”
I could tell that something had happened in the hallway just by hearing the sounds that reminded me of a battlefield.
“What is going on?”
Shirone slammed the door with a hasty expression and left the study group.
“… … .”
But the sight of the hallway he was looking at was as quiet as before.
‘Is there anyone? Then what did I hear?’
Realizing that the light angel mode was unlocked, Shirone entered the body again.
‘Poetry of fire.’
As the incarnation permeated, I heard the sound of people running from the ceiling again.
“Don’t be offended! My opponent is the strongest banya!”
“Report! 1 trillion annihilation! One trillion annihilation!”
A thought flashed through Shirone’s head, who was listening to hallucinations with a bewildered expression.
“perhaps… … .”
There may be something more left here.
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 558 - Steel Door Again (3) 1.txt
===============================
[558] Steel door again (3)
* * *
that evening.
After the briefing, Eruki and Nade went straight to the research meeting.
When I opened the door and entered, Shirone was sitting on the sofa with a pale face.
“what? What’s wrong with your expression?”
Eruki spoke and Nade rolled up his sleeves and approached.
“Why? My blood must dry as I imagine the scene of the slaughter that will unfold in the future. Come on. Let’s get everything right except for the mouth.”
“Guys… … .”
Shirone turned her head with a frightened expression.
“It’s a little strange here.”
“Yeah, that would be weird. It is the place where your body will be buried in the future.”
“Listen to me! Because it’s real!”
“Noisy! The traitor has only his mouth alive!”
Nade’s serious wrestling made Shirone feel like the world was spinning around.
“Aww! help me!”
This time, even Eruki didn’t stop him.
“are you okay. won’t die It just makes you no longer a man.”
“aha! That’s a good idea!”
Shirone’s eyes widened.
“for a moment! hahahaha! It tickles!”
“not there yet!”
Shirone struggled at Nade’s persistent bullying.
“Hahahaha! ah! green onion! It really hurts!”
Only after a shrill scream broke out did Nade release Shirone and shake his hands.
“Hey, if you betray again in the future, you know then, right?”
“Okay, I got it.”
Eruki knocked on the sofa and said.
“Sit down for a moment. Let’s listen. It must have been serious enough to write a will, right?”
It wasn’t just this much to relieve his anger, but more than that, he wanted to hear the reason from Shirone.
Shirone, who had barely lost her tears, put aside her thoughts on portraiture for a moment and sat down.
“So what happened… … .”
The story lasted for two hours, but even that was compressed.
Nade blinked for a long time before asking.
“Are you writing a novel these days?”
“Because it’s real!”
I knew that Shirone wasn’t the type to lie, but it was a difficult story to digest.
“Anyway, okay. Hmmm, so that’s why I declined the evaluation. That’s definitely the right decision. If you can’t stand out with your score, it’s important to make an impact in the graduation exam.”
Nade tapped his chest at Eruki’s words.
“good! Don’t worry, Shirone. I’ll give you all the senior year information.”
Eruki sneered.
“Tell me what do you want me to tell you? The subject of being in last place in senior year.”
Shirone’s eyes widened.
“what? last place? Nade, are you really in last place?”
“Ahaha, how did it happen?”
It was an unexpected result because Nade was always in the middle even though he wasn’t passionate about magic.
“It’s because of me.”
When the leader of the three musketeers disappeared, Nade was the one who fell into the most futility, but he was not so weak that he left the burden to his friend.
“no. Absolutely not. In fact, I looked down on my senior year too much. They said you shouldn’t be sloppy like in the advanced class.”
Even Eruki acknowledged that.
‘Anyway, since Shirone’s back, Nade must come to his senses as well.’
Being left alone after all of my friends graduated would be the worst outcome.
“By the way, if Nade is in last place, then me, Maya, and Eider are out, so it means we’re in 27th place. Eruki, what rank are you?”
Eruki gave a short answer.
“Eighth.”
“Wow, are you Class One? amazing.”
“what… … Since one guy has gone crazy, I have to balance it too.”
Nade pursed his lips with an expression of disgust.
“Besides, I’m not that great. Because Amy is fifth.”
‘Fifth place!’
Shirone’s two fists naturally gained strength.
Last year, it was not bad for a mid-level pace as I took the test in 5th place in the final evaluation.
said Nade.
“Since you left, a total of three people have been promoted to Class One. Amy, Eruki, and Dante.”
“How high is Dante?”
“Fourth place.”
“… … .”
From now on, Shirone vowed to prioritize politics over skill, but when he heard the progress of his friends, he felt nervous.
“So three of the existing Class Ones went down to Class Two. Besides that, there is a significant change in the earth’s crust.”
“It was really intense.”
Nade clenched his fists in anger.
“Sheesh, after hearing what Shirone said, I understand now. That bastard Fermi, I wondered how he kept being number one, and then he bought someone else’s magic.”
“That is an ability. And Shirone, you don’t have to worry too much. He said he received special training from that great Mr. Miro.”
It was only then that Shirone remembered the portrait again.
“Right, listen to me.”
When Shirone explained about the ability to blow statues of Buddha, Nade opened his mouth in a daze.
“What are you talking about? What does it mean to perceive time differently?”
“I will show you.”
As Shirone stood up from her seat and entered the state of unity, the incarnation of a light angel rose up.
“this… … avatar?”
“huh. It’s a law that destroys time. Like this… … .”
When Shirone, who had been walking with a golden afterimage, stopped, her body moved to the position it was in a second ago.
“… … .”
At the end of the long silence, Eruki spoke.
“Right. You’re not saying you’ve jumped over time, but you’re perceiving time itself differently, right?”
“That’s right. Besides, future events… … .”
At that moment, when another thumping sound was heard from the ceiling, Shirone raised her eyes wide and shouted.
“This is it! I can hear? Are you listening?”
Friends looked around.
“What do you hear? I can only hear you talking.”
Shirone turned his head to follow the screams outside the door.
“Look! Can’t you hear the fighting in the hallway?”
Eruki looked around the hallway and shook his head.
“Is there anyone around?”
Shirone released the poem Buddha statue bombardment with a dejected expression.
“Haha, why are you doing this?”
“What the hell is going on?”
As Shirone explained step by step, Eruki also made a puzzled expression.
“Isn’t that a side effect of your ability? Recognizing time differently… … .”
“That’s not right. Haven’t had any problems anywhere else. Only in Estas.”
“Hmm, Istasra… … .”
Shirone looked at Nade with a thoughtful expression.
“Do you have any guesses? You’ve uncovered the secret of my likeness before.”
“No, it’s not like that, it just reminded me of something I heard from a senior in the past. As you know, the Supernatural Psychic Research Society is a place where great seniors have been involved. That’s why a long time ago, numerous dark research societies have set their sights on taking over this place.”
Eruki intervened.
“You mean rumors from the upper echelons? But if you listen to what Shirone said, wasn’t it just a labyrinth’s space-time?”
“I thought so too. But how would you explain the paranormal feeling Shirone felt right now? More than anything, the stories I heard from my immediate senior keep bothering me.”
“What did you hear?”
Nade said right away, as if he didn’t even need to remember.
“In the upper layer of Istas, everything that cannot exist in this world exists. That’s why I said that many research societies are trying to occupy this place.”
Shirone chewed on Nade’s words.
“What can’t exist in this world?”
“I don’t know. I don’t even know seniors. Because it’s a word that came down from the senior’s senior, the senior’s senior’s senior. It could be just a rumor. Honestly, after hearing what you said, I thought that the secret of Istas had been completely solved. But now… … .”
“There must be something more.”
Eruki showed interest and rested his chin.
“It might be worth investigating. Could it be something hidden at specific coordinates of a building, like the construction of a maze?”
Nade shouted with her eyes shining.
“okay! I’m going to change the structure of the building! If I knew that it was a puzzle in which time and space worked, even Eruki would be able to calculate it.”
I didn’t think Eruki was inferior to Sein in terms of brain function, but Shirone was worried in another way.
“Let’s not go too deep. We are in our senior year. It’s not enough even if you train hard every day.”
Eruki shook his finger.
“No. I have to because it’s my senior year. Once you graduate, when will you come back here? I can’t take this fun away from someone else.”
“That’s right! Let’s write a new history. Let’s reveal the secret of Istas!”
Eruki took a bet on Nade’s displeasure.
“You just don’t want to go to class.”
“no. I will work hard now. Because Shirone is back too.”
I sighed when I saw my friends who had strong momentum in the strange direction, but I had nothing to say as a person involved in the incident.
“good. Shall we start from now?”
Shirone raised her hand to stop it.
“No, that won’t work. I have somewhere to go today.”
“huh? Where are you going at this hour?”
“I thought I should tell Amy. She will be sad to know that she heard it later than you guys.”
Also, it was Shirone who was reluctant to let her friends fall too far into this side.
“Well, if you’re going to get hit anyway, it’s better to get hit early. The number of hawks will double as the day goes by.”
“haha! that’s right. Also, let’s solve the Eastas problem on the weekend if possible. There are 15 weeks left until the graduation exam, so there is plenty of time.”
Eruki nodded.
“Then let’s break up for now. Even if you can’t enter the evaluation center, you can see it at the cafeteria anyway.”
After making ends meet, the three left the warehouse in Estas, and it was already late at night when they arrived at the dormitory.
‘Wouldn’t it be too late?’
Back in the room, Shirone was conflicted for a moment, but somehow he was sure she wasn’t sleeping.
“Yes, I should go.”
Having made up her mind, Shirone put on her coat and turned the doorknob.
And the next moment, he was frozen in place.
Standing there was Amy, as surprised as Shirone.
“… … .”
It was a strange coincidence that they met through a door, but Amy’s eyes had calmed down before she knew it.
“I was in the room. Where were you going?”
“uh? No, actually… … I was going to go see you.”
“okay.”
Amy pointed to the room when Shirone was unable to speak due to the unexpected reaction.
“Can I come in for a minute?”
“of course.”
Shirone gave Amy a chair and sat on the bed, waiting for the right moment to open her mouth in an awkward atmosphere.
“excuse me… … .
The two spoke at the same time, and Amy kicked the ball.
“Tell me first.”
“huh. I want to clarify. Why did you have to leave? So I… … .”
“wait for a sec. I’ll just tell you first.”
In an unexpected situation, Shirone swallowed his saliva.
“Let me do that. Because I want to make it clear before my heart weakens.”
before your heart grows weak.
Aiji hasn’t revealed anything yet, but Shirone’s heart skipped a beat just hearing that.
“Shirone, no matter what explanation you give, I have no intention of forgiving you.”
“Amy… … .”
“I know you won’t misunderstand, but I’ll make sure. It’s not that I won’t see you in the future or that I’m breaking up with you. just i… … .”
Amy, who hesitated, raised her head again.
“With you gone like that, I had no choice. Should I keep waiting for you like this, or should I just forget about it?”
“I understand. Sorry.”
Even with ten mouths, there was nothing to say.
Although life and death cannot be calculated with probability, it was a journey that assumed that there would be no return.
Amy said with an effort to keep a smile on her face.
“So, that’s just how it is. If you’re expecting something from me, or if you think you can go back to the time before you left, there’s no need to explain. you are still a good friend What do I mean… … .”
Amy suddenly stopped talking and put on a blank expression.
Before entering the room, she ran countless simulations in her head, but this was an unexpected situation.
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 559 - Steel Door Again (4) 1.txt
===============================
[559] Steel Door Again (4)
“Shirone… … ?”
A whimpering sound spread throughout the room.
Amy couldn’t say anything at the sight of Shirone pouring out sad tears.
“Amy.”
Shirone said with a trembling chin.
“Peope is dead.”
It was a heartbreaking event for Amy as well.
I remember the cute little fairy who helped Shirone, Rian and Tess in heaven.
And the fact that she died also meant that Shirone had been to heaven.
“He died because of me. Lifespan to save me… … .”
The reason I couldn’t tell Miro, Eruki, or Nade was because I couldn’t stand it just by thinking about it.
But Amy knew Peope.
“I went to find Ikael, and he was in my hand… … .”
My hands started to tremble as I recalled the horribly withered figure of Feope.
Even now, the weight of her weakness was vividly felt.
“You say you love me… … But it’s too small… … I am… … .”
Amy slowly closed her eyes.
‘This is why I didn’t want to listen.’
Because he knows that Shirone can’t just leave behind a suicide note for no reason.
“I was so angry that the Valhalla action… … But then I remember… … .”
“Okay, Shirone. There is no need to bring up painful memories.”
Tears dripped from Shirone’s face as she lowered her head, and a sobbing voice leaked out.
“Peope… … .”
Amy felt a mixture of sadness and anger.
‘Idiot, it’s me who wants to cry.’
Amy, who was sitting on the bed, pulled Shirone by the shoulder, and his face was buried in his chest as if he was about to collapse.
Shirone burst into tears.
As his voice pounded Amy’s chest, the steel bolts that had been locked began to open little by little.
“Ha, really… … .”
Patting Shirone on the back, Amy looked up at the ceiling.
‘Only once. Next time, I won’t be shaken again.’
Like that, Amy buried Shirone’s sadness in her heart.
* * *
the next morning.
As soon as Shirone woke up, she headed for Estas.
My eyes were swollen from crying so much last night, but there was something more embarrassing than that.
“iced coffee! Why did I do that?”
The moment I heard Amy’s determined words, my heart pounded, and from then on, I was just sad.
‘But thanks to that, we reconciled.’
I didn’t feel bad.
Even now, when I think of Peope, my heart breaks, but it was fortunate that there was someone by my side to share my sorrow with.
Sometimes we cry, but that’s how we live again.
‘I’m nervous for no reason.’
Arriving in Estas, Shirone frowned as she recalled the portrait she felt yesterday.
Estas.
A multi-purpose complex consisting of 89 warehouses.
It is a facility that every prestigious school has at least one, but the Alpheas Magic School’s Eastas was historically and functionally special.
‘The Guffin’s Gate is here.’
It was Sein who set the supernatural and psychic science research group as the starting point, but the door was not created by them.
‘It’s most likely an incident that occurred at the time.’
While I was lost in thought, I arrived at the warehouse where the Eastas entrance was installed.
‘I have to investigate before lunchtime.’
Until now, I had activated the Sibul Statue Explosion in the laboratory, but this time I wanted to go directly to the place where I heard the sound.
“Because I heard a sound from the ceiling… … .”
After calculating the coordinates through the Master Equation, Shirone turned to the stairs.
‘Hmm, it’s here.’
I was afraid to try it alone, but it was polite to my friends who helped me to do a little research.
‘Poetry of fire.’
As the incarnation of the light angel soared as if it were about to explode and was sucked into the body, hallucinations undoubtedly were heard.
“Captain! I can’t stand it!”
“It’s the same as dying anyway! Go after the child!”
Shirone ran to the place where the sound was heard and stopped, frowning at the scene unfolding in front of the corner.
“what’s this?”
Broken bodies were strewn along the stairs, most of them armed with weapons, and among them were wizards.
Shirone carefully inspected the corpses in such a terrible state that she could not bear to see them.
“This… … .”
The seal of the kingdom of Tormia was engraved on the weapon.
‘Why are the kingdom soldiers here?’
“Besieged! Block the road!”
Raising her head at the sound she heard from upstairs, Shirone quickly climbed the stairs.
As if time and space had changed, the last line of the warehouse was cut off with a dead body.
After checking the current coordinates with the marker on the ceiling, Shirone stopped walking when she saw the back of a woman standing tall in the middle of the intersection.
“Mr. Miro?”
I don’t know what year the scene I’m looking at happened, but there was no difficulty in recognizing Miro, who hadn’t aged for nearly 20 years.
Miro, who was confronting the soldiers occupying the front, gently turned his head.
“Who are you?”
‘Can you hear my voice?’
It’s not like hallucinations.
It occurred to me that I might actually be at the scene of an incident.
“really… … Are you Mr. Miro?”
Miro turned to the soldiers again.
“Looks like you’re a student, go back. This is no place for you.”
After a while, she said something self-deprecating.
“Well, the time has already been captured.”
“yes? what is that… … .”
The moment Shirone was about to follow the maze rushing towards the soldiers, a group of soldiers rushed in from the corridor on the right.
“What is that guy?”
“Looks like a student! What should I do?”
“student? How do students get in here?”
The captain, who had been questioning himself, raised his murderous eyes.
“Kill! There is no way out anyway!”
“Kill it!”
The soldiers’ movements suddenly accelerated. Even at a glance, they were elite soldiers who were masters of the schema.
As I rushed forward using the skill of snow, Shirone’s body softened as if caught in a noose thrown from all directions.
“Keugh!”
The first thought that came to my mind was whether I would be cut by their swords.
I don’t think it’s impossible since I was able to talk to Miro, but it still didn’t feel like it was real.
‘How stupid!’
Isn’t it a situation that must be avoided unconditionally, leaving the impossible?
After overcoming the snow technique with Geumgangtae’s mental power and casting teleportation, countless spears cut through the place where Shirone was.
“Sheesh! Are you still a student at a magic school?”
“It’s a kid anyway! Get it done quickly!”
Blades flew from all sides towards the point where the flash of teleportation arrived.
‘this… … !’
The moment Tormia’s common weapon, the longsword, struck her throat, Shirone’s eyes sparkled.
‘Poems of fire!’
Suddenly, Shirone’s head turned to a tilted state, and the blade grazed her throat.
“What, what?”
If time is expressed as space, Shirone’s range of activities is wider than that of a person completely trapped in a mold.
But it was bizarre because it was time, and even the trained elite soldiers couldn’t help but panic.
“It’s just magic! Kill!”
At the captain’s cry, the soldiers’ lives surged like blades.
“Kuk!”
Driven to a dead end, Shirone leaned against the wall and drew a semicircle, glaring at the soldiers closing in on the encirclement.
The captain appeared after breaking through the siege and rushed at him, brandishing his sword at lightning speed.
“Where to avoid this too!”
The moment he witnessed the sword light clawing everywhere, the smell of death hit his brain through his sense of smell.
‘I can’t avoid it!’
“die!”
When Shirone, who had bitten his molars, canceled the statue of Buddha, the blade suddenly disappeared.
“Huh uh uh uh!”
However, from the victim’s point of view, it felt as if he had been pierced by a knife, and his breath stopped on its own.
“… … .”
The hallway was just silent.
“ha! ha!”
Shirone’s body, exhaling heavily and eyes wide open, fell down the wall.
‘I almost died.’
To be honest, I’m not sure, but the feeling was so clear.
‘What did I see?’
In any case, what is certain is that incarnations should never be performed here.
Meanwhile, someone’s voice was coming and going 70 meters away from where Shirone was resting.
“what? Why are you like that? It glows by itself.”
“Could it be crazy?”
“It must be training. You even teleported and did that.”
Only their voices leaked out, but their faces were not visible.
In the meantime, Shirone, who had regained her mental and physical stability, returned to the research circuit.
‘First, wait for lunch and ask the kids… … .’
For an instant, Shirone’s eyes shone.
‘… … I need to see it.’
The presence of an intruder felt through synesthesia as if passing by.
I was able to figure it out thanks to my keen senses from just fighting a battle, but I wasn’t particularly good at it.
‘What kind of guys are they?’
Shirone, who pretended not to know, continued to walk, but when the opponent showed no signs of appearing, she turned to a place other than the study group.
‘They keep chasing me. It’s clear that the target is me. then… … .’
Shirone’s steps stopped in the middle of the corridor where the warehouses were connected in a straight line.
“come out.”
There was no answer.
“I know everything. If you don’t come out, I will attack you.”
Counting three seconds inside, Shirone suddenly expanded her spirit zone and identified the location of her enemies.
However, as if it was the same for the enemies, three invisibility cloaks peeled off the wall like wallpaper, revealing their identity.
“shit! Caught! Bounce!”
Shirone, who was equipped with a photon cannon that was as powerful as she was wary of, looked at the people walking away and put on a bewildered expression.
They all had familiar faces.
“Are you from the advanced class?”
In the meantime, the juniors were leaving the corridor at high speed, but Shirone regained his composure and dispelled the magic.
Instead, he shook his head, meticulously grasping the markings on the ceiling, the color of the iron gate, and the number of crossroads.
“Let’s see, here are the coordinates… … .”
* * *
“Aww, annoying! Who made a mistake!”
As the girl became irritated, two boys running side by side to her left and right pointed at each other.
“You must have been caught!”
“No, it is you. My hide-and-seek skills are second to none like you… … .”
“Kyaaak!”
As the girl screamed as if she had seen a ghost, the two boys hurriedly stopped.
“Uh, how?”
Shirone was blocking their path before they knew it.
“How did you catch up already?”
Shirone sighed and approached.
“How to catch up. According to your coordinates, I haven’t moved 10 meters.”
When there was no answer like a mute who had eaten honey, Shirone asked.
“Yes, Shumin, Alt, Gerain. What’s going on here?”
They were the juniors of Class Five, who had taken the advanced class together with Shirone a while ago.
In particular, Sumin was a child who showed off the trick of counting coins with the Spirit Zone when Shirone climbed over the fence of Alpheas Magic School when he was 12 years old.
At the time, she was younger than Shirone, but now she has become a girl and shrugs her shoulders like a snake.
“What’s going on? Of course, I came to find teaching aids on teacher errands.”
Shirone laughed at the innocent lie.
“okay? Then can I ask the teacher?”
Alt raised a trembling brow.
“Whoa, whoa, are seniors so free these days? Do you really want to go to the advanced class to check?”
“yes I’m fine. I’m a nominee for my senior year assessment. Plenty of time.”
Watching the juniors’ faces change into poop-chewed expressions, Shirone approached.
“Tell me honestly. Why did you come here?”
Shuamine and the others looked at each other and reached out their hands toward Shirone at the same time as if they were determined.
“huh?”
“Wind Cutter!”
It was an absurd feeling when the attack magic was cast, but Shirone’s body was already responding reflexively.
‘Wide.’
The orbs of light flashed and the blades of wind mercilessly crushed and blended into the atmosphere.
Of course, the wind cutter is a nice magic.
However, it was impossible to break through Shirone’s defense magic at the level of an advanced class.
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 560 - Scramble Royale (1).txt
===============================
[560] Scramble Royale (1)
“Bounce!”
Knowing that they couldn’t subdue Shirone, Shumin’s party fled into the opposite hallway at the same time as the surprise attack.
‘Are you insane?’
Casting attack magic on a senior.
Thinking that she couldn’t stand it anymore, she cast teleportation and chased after them.
Betting on Shirone with a movement was itself a failure of the juniors.
The distance narrowed in an instant, and Suamin and the others, thinking that they could not escape, went into the warehouse as soon as they turned the corner.
Sensing the end of the hiding, Shirone opened the warehouse door roughly and looked around.
They disappeared as if possessed by a ghost.
‘Invisibility Cloak. Where the hell did you get it from?’
Shirone’s voice rang through the warehouse.
“come out. Because I know everyone is hiding here.”
When there was no answer, I floated the homing photon cannon around and captured the target through the spirit zone.
As the seeker turned in three directions, the golden orb trembled as if it were about to jump out.
“Can you see the laser? This is a guided missile. Once fired, I can’t cancel it either. I will count to three from now on. one.”
silence.
“two.”
shaking atmosphere.
“three… … !”
Shumin appeared from a corner of the warehouse.
“Hey, do you think you can attack us?”
Alt appeared from the box, and Gerain crawled out from the gap between the building materials.
‘Hiding is really fast.’
Gerain, who stood up, agreed with Shumin’s words.
“that’s right. Magic is forbidden on campus. Especially if you hurt a student, won’t it end with a one-week suspension?”
It was to the point of sticking out my tongue at their shamelessness.
“You guys shot the magic first.”
“ha ha ha! great. Then we die together, okay? I wanted to be expelled once.”
‘Awesome things… … .’
The senior class and the advanced class use the fact that the weight of life is different, but it was an absurd logic nonetheless.
“Okay, then I won’t use magic.”
Shirone thought it would be better to set it to the beat to get a confession, but Guerraine looked as if he had already won.
“Good idea. Then we’ll go. Guys, let’s go.”
Shirone moved aside and blocked the exit.
“Where are you going?”
“Then what are you going to do? magic… … .”
Shirone slightly raised his right arm and spread his palm, and Gerain immediately shut up.
As Kubrick’s slot rotated in the retina and a sword floated on top, Armand was caught in Shirone’s grasp.
“Geumgang Armed Forces.”
As soon as he said the keyword, the blade of the sword split open and swallowed Shirone in an instant riding on his right arm.
“I-what is that?”
The appearance of Shirone wearing a pure white robe was definitely intimidating.
Outside of the artificial brain, it emitted a purple glow and was even ecstatic when it turned around.
However, by the standards of the children in the advanced class, it was better than holding a knife in their hands, and their tense expressions relaxed one by one.
“What, are you surprised? You’re scaring people.”
It was a scary thing to pass by a senior with a sword in a dead-end warehouse.
Shumin, who signaled with a wink, cast a wind cutter, and Alt and Gerain fired support shots.
‘These… … !’
Shirone moved without even thinking about avoiding it.
Hearing the sound of metal breaking, Suamin and the others who ran to the door stopped in a panic.
“What kind of clothes are those?”
The spot hit by the wind cutter had turned to metal.
It was the upper of Ringer, a type of sapphire mineral that boasts the strongest durability even in heaven.
“Since when did you guys end up like this?”
“what? Kkondae.”
Even when I ran into them in the advanced class integrated class, they were kind and polite kids.
‘There’s definitely something.’
Sensing the need for interrogation, Shirone pulled out Armand’s tentacles like peac*ck feathers.
“Ugh!”
Suamin and the others were terrified at the first biological material they had ever seen.
“Blow straight. who did it?”
“What, what! What are you doing with such a hideous thing! Are you a pervert?”
Shirone’s expression was still cold.
“It depends on how you guys behave.”
“Guys! Let’s do it for real!”
At Shumin’s signal, the party activated their organs.
Fireball, Ice Dagger, Eruption.
For the first time, Shirone moved with sincerity to the magic, which had a completely different imagination from Wind Cutter.
As the molecules on the floor rubbed against each other, an explosion occurred like a volcano, and the ice dagger was pierced where the fireball’s flame rose.
However, Shirone, who had already left her seat, grabbed the three people by the necks with her tentacles and lifted them into the air.
“Keugh! monster!”
“Then why are you doing this? This is justification. And like you said, I didn’t even use magic.”
“shut up! A fugitive who gave up on evaluation!”
“shut up?”
Shirone’s eyebrows twitched.
When you think about how much he looked up to his seniors when he was in the advanced class, he was ridiculously arrogant.
“Aaaagh!”
As the tentacle pressure increased, the faces of Shumin and the others turned red.
“say. Otherwise, your neck will break.”
“Kill! never say anything!”
He was sincere to some extent, but he still couldn’t shake the feeling that he was being looked down upon.
He wondered if he really should kill him, and he had no intention of killing Shirone either.
‘What should I do now?’
After thinking about it for a while, Shirone came up with a good idea.
“You’ll never say that, right?”
“okay! We are proud wizards! Faith is unbreakable!”
“good. Then you can’t. I have no choice but to ask Mark.”
“Ugh!”
As expected, the faces of Shumin’s party crumpled.
Mark, who became a follower of Shirone after being defeated in the teleportation evaluation, went through training over and over again, settled down in Class Four, and still reigns as the fist leader of the advanced class.
“Despicably! Are you selling your junior’s name? Are you still in your senior year?”
Seeing the honorifics mixed with Alt’s words, it seemed that Mark was terrifying.
‘Well, a closer fist is stronger than a faraway one.’
Rather than Shirone, who is in her senior year, she must be more concerned about Mark, who will have to live with her for years to come.
“So tell me. Otherwise, Mark will ask you.”
Gerain, who was paying attention to Shumin, carefully opened his mouth.
“We are a hide-and-seek study group.”
It was a dark research society that Nade had heard of, so it was understandable that they were self-indulgent.
The study group in the shadows had a great sense of belonging and the area of activity was extraterritorial, so it was like another society within the school.
“Why is the Hide-and-Seek Study Group following me?”
“I don’t know why. The president told me to take a look and come.”
Whenever I was talking about beliefs, I was blowing alcohol.
“Who is the president?”
But this time, Shuamin and the others refused with one voice.
“You can never say that!”
“okay? So, Mark… … .”
Shumin cried and ej*culated.
“It’s true, sir. If you reveal that, you will be killed by the chairman, not by Mark. We don’t even know why we’re looking here. Please forgive me just once.”
Ironically, the sincerity was read in the fact that Mark’s name was not being used.
After retracting the tentacles, Shirone looked down at the juniors who fell to the floor and groaned.
“Don’t spy on other people’s study groups again. Next time something like this happens, you guys are the prime suspects.”
“yes. yes.”
“Stop going back. And don’t skip class.”
As soon as the words ran out, Shumin’s party ran outside, and Shirone was lost in thought.
‘Hmm, the research society in the shadows has moved. Could it have something to do with my portrait?’
The possibility is sufficient, but it was the first time I had actually been to a study group during class, so I couldn’t conclude.
‘I guess I can ask Nade.’
Shirone realized that lunchtime was approaching and turned to the restaurant.
‘Anyway, those kids, can they go out? I’d have to turn around a lot.’
* * *
The scene of the restaurant I visited after a long time was no different from before.
The atmosphere was bustling as it was the only time during the day to relax.
If there is a difference from before, it is that the structure of the relationship has become much more diverse, unlike the early days when I had to fight by class and faction.
Above all, his eyes went to the fact that there was a 4D girl, Dorothy, on the other side of Eruki.
‘Dorothy only ate with Luman.’
To be precise, the only person who dealt with Luman was Dorothy.
Anyway, even now Luman was sitting next to her.
Although he is a master of crowd control, he still seemed unpopular due to his selfish personality and fat body, and his clumsy body swelled 1.5 times during vacation.
Boyle, who majored in summoning magic, looked tired of watching Luman stuffing food.
“Do you feel hungry after eating that much? How much did you eat during your vacation?”
“Hey, I have to ask how many special trainings you did. I keep eating when I’m stressed.”
Eruki gave a short blow.
“You’re stressed because you keep eating.”
Then Luman raised his wildcat eyes.
“What is it? I can’t eat, so I’m going to have a good time.”
“Shall I tell you how to lose weight easily?”
“huh?”
When Luman showed interest, Eruki tapped the table with his index finger and said.
“It’s always knocking on the table like this when I’m eating or reading a book.”
“You want to knock? What effect does that have?”
“As your fingers move, calories are burned.”
Louman jumped up.
“This is real! Are you making fun of me for being fat?”
Eruki gave a short answer.
“That’s math.”
Boyle and Dorothy turned their heads at the same time.
“No matter how insignificant the number expresses it clearly. The more you knock on the table, the more calories you burn. Even if it’s just a small amount of calories, that’s how much weight you lose.”
Luhmann, who could not contradict the logic, quietly sat down, but his feelings were hurt.
‘A child of a psychopath. you someday i… … .’
Then I heard a knock from the seat next to me and turned around to see Dorothy tapping the table with her index finger.
“What are you doing?”
“diet.”
As Shirone watched the scene, Nade approached and whispered to him before he knew it.
“They are suspicious these days.”
Surprised Shirone confirmed that it was Nade and sighed in relief.
“Who wins? Eruki and Dorothy?”
“uh. Did you feel it too? At some point, Dorothy showed interest in Eruki. So let’s get in the way of you and me.”
“What is your conclusion? Isn’t that nice?”
Nade said, frowning arrogantly.
“no.”
“Why don’t you like it?”
Nade put his arm around Shirone’s shoulder and spoke as if admonishing.
“Listen. Hanging out with a girl our age means you can do so many things. A perfect betrayal for us! You will never see that until I die.”
Shirone, who had been staring at her pathetically, removed Nade’s arm and turned to where Eruki was.
“Then you can die.”
“Hey!”
When Shirone arrived at the table with Nade following her with a teary face, Amy pulled out a chair.
“I’m here?”
“huh. How was class today? Wasn’t it a special test?”
“It wasn’t particularly difficult. The real turning point is when there are about 10 weeks left. Perhaps only Arin will be judged as Master.”
“Oh, that’s right.”
As Shirone and Amy chatted, Nade whispered into Eruki’s ear.
“Do you think the two of you got along well? When Shirone wasn’t there, I was worried because he was so cold-hearted.”
“Emotions, they will compromise on their own. Don’t worry about others, just worry about yourself.”
“Hey! Everyone hates me!”
Just before Nade shouted, everyone suddenly fell silent, and his voice resonated clearly throughout the restaurant.
“Ugh!”
Nade’s face was red, but no one paid attention to him.
Everyone was looking at the entrance of the restaurant.
“Mayada.”
It was the first time she had been to a restaurant since the first half of the year after refusing to be evaluated.
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 561 - Scramble Royale (2) 1.txt
===============================
[561] Scramble Royale (2)
While Maya was putting food on the plate, the men’s gaze followed steadily.
In addition to her beautiful appearance, the wide range of changes aroused even wonder.
“You look really pretty. The picture I saw in the red book wasn’t a lie.”
Amy asked, turning to Nade.
“Red book? What is it?”
“huh? Ahaha! Nothing.”
It was something I could never say to Amy.
“What’s the matter anyway? Is it because of Shirone?”
Even Amy thought that was the only reason.
Shirone left for heaven, but Maya’s face was never seen even once in school.
She seemed more lonely than before, and Shirone felt bad about contributing to the current situation.
Perhaps reading her thoughts, Amy sighed and said.
“Ask to eat together.”
“but… … .”
Amy forgave her, but she wasn’t blind enough to not know it was her last chance.
“It’s really okay. We have 15 weeks left, and we can’t keep going like this, can we?”
Nade, who judged that Amy’s words had a point, shouted as if to ease Shirone’s burden.
“Maya, come this way! let’s eat together!”
Maya, who was chewing on rice, put down the tableware and walked over to Shirone and the others, but did not bring the tray.
“It’s been a while, everyone.”
Maya’s smile was still nice, but the atmosphere was completely different from before, perhaps because her appearance had changed.
“Yeah, it’s been a while. How have you been?”
Maya just shook her head and spoke to Amy.
“Sorry. I didn’t mean to make you uncomfortable. Still, I thought we should meet and say hello.”
“What are we saying hello to each other? Don’t do that, come this way. We always ate together before.”
“No, today is the last day. I won’t be coming to a restaurant from now on.”
Everyone in the senior class was paying attention to Maya’s words.
“Are you not coming? why?”
“You know, Amy.”
Amy’s brow furrowed softly.
“Isn’t that a bit absurd? you are an adult too Statements like that only burden us. If there’s something that bothers you, how about bumping into it and solving it?”
Maya smiled bitterly at Amy’s unchanging appearance even though she hadn’t seen her in a long time.
“I envy you, Amy.”
“What, what? suddenly.”
“Sorry. But I’m not strong like you. Yes, even if I put a burden on you, I have no choice but to do this. Because I know too well that I can’t stand it.”
Maya added in a low voice.
“So you handle it. I know it’s selfish, but I’m definitely thinking of graduating this time.”
I could feel how determined she was to come here.
“And Shirone.”
“huh?”
“To be honest, it was very difficult. It hurt so much.”
“Uh, that… … .”
“are you okay. ‘Cause I can stand it now But that doesn’t mean I’ve completely forgotten you.”
There was a buzz in the restaurant, and amidst the noise, someone clenched their fists in anger.
‘As expected, I still love Shirone… … .’
“So if you ever change your mind, you can come to me anytime. I’ll be waiting for you.”
“Whiyu.”
A whistle passed.
“But if that’s not the case… … .”
Maya, who was hesitant, tightened her eyes and said.
“I hope we never run into each other until the graduation exam. My heart, can you understand?”
Shirone put her complex emotions behind and nodded.
“OK got it.”
I’m sorry for Maya, but my heart wasn’t as pounding as when I received the ultimatum from Amy.
Then, all of a sudden, I had this idea.
Maybe the tears shed last night weren’t just because of the sadness for Peope.
Expecting a desperate reaction, Maya’s eyes turned to sadness.
‘What were you expecting?’
Did he think that if he hit Baejin like this, Shirone would shed tears and catch it?
Maya shook her head inwardly.
I thought I had endured it, but when I saw Shirone’s face, my heart was pounding, and my resolutions for months were about to crumble like a sandcastle.
“then… … how are you.”
After saying goodbye, Maya returned to her seat, handed over the almost untouched tray to the kitchen, and left the dining room.
Even in the midst of numerous gazes chasing her, Amy’s gaze was unique.
‘what? The one who is really strong is you… … .’
Looking at Shirone, who was chewing on the bread with a bitter expression, let out a sigh from the depths of his chest.
* * *
Shirone and the others spent time at the cafeteria before class started.
Shirone confided in what had happened at the study meeting, and Amy, who had heard everything the other night, had no problem understanding.
However, it was the first time about the research society in the dark.
“A hide-and-seek study group? Was there such a study group at school?”
Nade answered.
“There are a few more besides that. If we match the number of people, we don’t have to hold a presentation like we did, so most of us won’t know.”
In fact, the presentation had a great influence on the fact that the Society for the Study of Supernatural Psychics became known.
“By the way, juniors, I sent them back, but why the hell did they follow me?”
Eruki said.
“You must be thinking the same as me. Graduation is approaching, so I started moving slowly. To reveal the secret of Istas.”
“But you were quiet last year, right?”
Nade touched his chin and said.
“When you gave up on the evaluation, rumors spread around the school. Istas was banned from entering for a while. Including us members of the research society.”
“ah… … .”
It was the period when the National Intelligence Service was hiding in the school to find Gaold.
“Because they are extremely sensitive, the switch was turned on. There is definitely something about Estas. It’s the hide-and-seek research group that’s at stake today, but it’s highly likely that other research groups have already approached.”
Shirone spread her arms in frustration.
“Who is the president of the Hide and Seek Research Club? Don’t you know?”
“Yeah, I’m just guessing. The Hide and Seek Research Club is running a black market on campus. I also made and sold some inventions. Perhaps the most likely candidate is… … .”
“it’s me.”
When I turned my head at the sudden voice, Frings, who was currently ranked third in the advanced class, was standing there.
“also… … Was it you?”
Nade asked with an annoyed expression.
A face with long upper and lower eyelashes like flower petals and a thin mustache.
He is a typical genius with a very fast thinking speed, but his personality is perverted and sly, so he never got along with Shirone and the others.
Shirone opened her eyes and fired.
“Why did you tail me? Besides, are you insane that you are instructing your juniors to use attack magic?”
“Whoops, why is this? The best star of the graduating class, the juniors have some fun.”
It was a voice that felt as good as its appearance.
“This is just the beginning. Hide-and-seek research groups are hiding everywhere. For example, I know that Amy went into your room yesterday and had a tryst.”
Shirone’s eyebrows twitched.
He wasn’t immature enough to be spied on, but there was no way he could hide Amy’s coming to his room.
‘are you okay. I wouldn’t have been able to get close.’
Unlike Shirone, who was relieved, Amy was furious at the strange misunderstanding.
“Sounds like a tryst. How is it that everything you think is bad?”
“Whoops, Amy. You still smell good, no perfume can make your body smell.”
Frings’ eyelids trembled as he sucked in enough air to make his nostrils stick together, revealing the whites.
‘dirty… … .’
Voyeurism, a personality obsessed with the sense of smell to the point of madness, and even a greasy tone.
He was a man who made me want to run away from the world rather than live under the same sky.
“Anyway, it’s good to look forward to it. 15 weeks until graduation. Because most of the Shadow Research Society are waiting for it.”
Nade responded with a snort.
“okay. You’ll have to scrape together as many as you can. We are a small elite.”
Frings put his index finger under his nose and pointed at Shirone and the others.
“The middle of Class One, the bottom of the graduating class, the fugitives’ union. I don’t think there’s an elite higher in rank than me, right?”
“This is real!”
When Nade jumped up, Shirone grabbed his arm and stopped him.
“Be patient. It doesn’t matter if we are confident.”
Nade clenched his fists as he watched Frings move away.
“Oddly enough, just looking at that kid makes me want to beat him. I’m more pissed off than the old Eruki!”
Eruki ignored the last words.
“Anyway, sooner or later the war will begin. From now on, we must be fully prepared.”
Amy raised her hand.
“for a moment. Why are we stuck there? To be clear, I have no intention of getting involved in your ‘stupid blah blah’ study group.”
“It’s supernatural psychic science.”
“Whatever it is, don’t do it. I don’t know if it’s a portrait of Shirone, but graduation is my top priority.”
Shirone got to the point.
“Then let’s put it together. How many research societies are aiming for Estas?”
“Hmm, probably all of the shadowy research associations are aiming for it. Among them, the organization to be most wary of must be Fermi’s Golden Ring.”
It was the core backbone that turned the economy of the shadows, and the strongest research society with as many as five members of the graduating class.
“First of all, Fermi is the chairman, and there is an Electric Monster Liken who is his right-hand man. Sona’s Hercy as the staff member, and Alchemy’s Richard as the acting leader. And one more… … .”
Eruki pointed to the shop window and said.
“There it is. Cayden.”
Cayden of the Cross.
He was an honest-looking handsome man with neatly combed auburn hair.
Because of the famous ring of gold, Nade knows the position of the executives, but he knew little about Caden.
“Yeah, we have a team of 5 including Cayden. Right now, the rankings are torn, but until the middle of the first half, I was monopolizing the 1st to 5th places.”
Shirone asked.
“What rank is Caden now?”
“I’m in seventh place now.”
“Wow, but you’re still class one.”
When Caden suddenly turned his head, Nade lowered his head in surprise.
“Ugh! I stare. be careful. Because the sixth sense is very good. If Dorothy has a gut, that guy has a sixth.”
Cayden, who was glaring at Shirone and the others in displeasure, left, and Nade pretended to wipe off his sweat.
“Phew, I almost got caught.”
Eruki asked.
“Unlike you, why are you so nervous?”
“That guy can be a little nervous.”
“Hoo?”
It was a word that was not easily heard from Nade.
“Actually, I don’t know. Even within the Ring of Gold, there are not many cases where Kayden is active. To be honest, I have a straightforward personality, but I don’t know why I get along with Fermi.”
“For example, the feeling is strange.”
In Nade’s language, it meant dangerous.
“Well, actually, all the members of the golden ring are people of interest. Besides, Fermi said he made a lot of money this time.”
‘Right, I did.’
Shirone recalled the story she had heard from Miro.
In exchange for forging signatures at Undercoder, Fermi earned 190 billion gold.
Even if it was paid in installments, more than 10 billion gold was coming in, so the level of magic he used must be on a different level than before.
“Okay, I received the golden ring. And what next?”
Nade stretched out his index and middle fingers.
“The second strongest force is, of course, the Hide and Seek Research Society. Besides running the market on its own, Frings’ skills are not inferior to those of the ring of gold. You don’t have to say anything about Fishaw’s Ant Language Study Group, and you can’t ignore the doll collection research group. Because the president is none other than Anchal.”
“Aren’t you? Was it a research society in the shadows?”
Shirone looked back at the woman with straight hair who was reading a book while drinking coffee on the terrace.
He wore an eyepatch over his left eye, but he wasn’t wearing one.
It is said that she wears an eyepatch to seal the energy of the demonic eye accumulated in her family for generations, but a scout once interviewed that if she had broken the seal in last year’s graduation exam, she would have been the top graduate.
“What rank is Anchal now?”
“Ninth.”
‘It’s class one.’
Above all, it was surprising that he was occupying a top class without using his secret weapon.
“Golden wheel, hide and seek, ant language, collecting dolls. Are you saying that all the members here are enemies?”
Eruki shook his finger.
“No, there is still one more left. I’ll be sorry if I skip this study meeting while discussing the study group in the shadows.”
“huh? What did you miss?”
Nade said with a serious expression.
“Women’s Human Body Research Society.”
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 562 - Scramble Royale (3) 2.txt
===============================
[562] Scramble Royale (3)
“female… … what?”
Amy asked with an absurd expression, but the boys who had already read the red book had nothing to say even though they had mouths.
“Hmmmm, anyway, I don’t know who I am as much as the president of the Women’s Human Body Research Society.”
Amy remembered what she had heard at the restaurant.
“You mean it was a red book? Shirone, have you seen it too?”
“huh? uh, that’s… … Because I have a book. I have eyes too… … .”
It was a ridiculous excuse, but it was not a situation where lies would work.
Contrary to expectations, Amy didn’t nag her, but rather turned her head with a relieved look.
Perhaps the reaction would be different if they knew that the subject drawn in the red book was a person from the school, but it was a secret that they would take to the grave.
Shirone, who had passed the hurdle, asked.
“Still, aren’t there roughly candidates? Who do you think you are?”
“Oh, it’s really difficult. It’s so hidden that I can’t even get a feel for it. Still, let’s take a look… … .”
Nade looked around the counter at the canteen.
“Unexpectedly, it could be the female Eden.”
“Auntie, please give me a soda.”
Shirone looked back at Eden, who had just entered the store.
Current graduating class 10th.
A devout member of the Church of Yor, he was a specialist in defensive magic.
‘That’s right. Come to think of it, Mr. Gaold was once a Yorkian too.’
As a religion that abhors violence, it was only natural that Eden focused on defensive magic.
“But why is Eden a candidate?”
“I’ve heard that too, but Eden gets stronger the more you take it off.”
Shirone spilled the cocoa she had in her mouth back into her mug.
“What nonsense are you talking about?”
“Why is there such a thing, special actions that strengthen omnipotence even if it is not eating out. Magical action is like that. Yorkism is non-violent, so they can’t carry any weapons. In short, you don’t even need clothes because only God protects you.”
“Hmm, is it true?”
said Amy.
“I know about that. So, even in last year’s senior class, when it was time for interpersonal combat, some guys would light up their eyes and attack.”
The three of them asked in chorus.
“So how did it go?”
said Amy, looking at her pathetically.
“There must have been times when you took off your outerwear when you were in danger. Of course, the durability of defensive magic has become stronger.”
Nade nodded.
“That’s right. According to sources, when Eden is naked, his omnipotence is so strong that even professional wizards cannot inflict a single wound on it.”
said Eruki.
“If that’s true, you’re out of luck. Last year’s graduation exam.”
Amy recalled that time.
“The 1st order ended in an instant with Fermi’s initiative, and the 2nd order was a measure of mental strength, so magic wasn’t particularly important. But that’s the graduation exam. You have to be prepared for all of the evaluations because two out of six are evaluated at random. okay? I don’t have time to worry about these things right now.”
Amy pointed and nagged at each one, but no one listened.
“If that’s the case, then it’s no wonder Eden is a candidate. But isn’t the biggest feature of the Women’s Human Body Study Group is their amazing drawing skills?”
“Hmm, then there is a possibility for Kongo.”
Nade pointed to Conger, who was sixth in the graduating class.
Unlike the face that resembles an orangutan with its huge size, it was knitting threads with a shy smile.
Like a steel mage who creates metal, the thread of the thread was also made of steel.
“She is feminine and has good dexterity. The look is a bit… … Rather, would you say that it suits you better?”
Shirone shook her head.
“He may have a peculiar personality, but he is still a good person, right?”
Konger was loyal and kind to everyone.
“I think the fjords are the best when it comes to being rather gloomy.”
A student wearing a hood over a wizard’s robe and breaking a bug’s leg.
Maybe that’s why the seat around him was empty.
A magician who handles poison, he is short and short, and his face looks as young as 16 years old, but it is only a side effect of the drug, and his actual age is 23 years old.
Originally a class one, but with the progress of his juniors, he is currently ranked 11th in the rankings.
Eruki added one vote to Shirone’s judgment.
“It’s best to have an evil personality. Although the balance is not good, I was ranked #1 in the survey as the student I least want to meet in person-to-person combat. If he really is the president of the Female Human Body Research Society, it’s going to be a pretty tough fight.”
Nade grabbed his head and shook it.
“Ah, I don’t know. If you think that way, everyone can be a candidate. Honestly, who doesn’t like the female body?”
Amy said, narrowing her eyes.
“Do it yourself. I won’t mind anyway.”
said Eruki.
“Anyway, our enemy can be assumed to be this much. Besides, they even have advanced students as members, so they might be able to attack senior classes. like this morning So Shirone, you have to protect it.”
It was Shirone who suddenly became the gatekeeper of Estas.
“okay. I’ll try to do that somehow.”
It was the judgment that no matter who came in from the advanced class, the current Shirone would be able to block it.
Amy checked the time and stood up.
“Let’s go. Oh, and Shirone, don’t cast Sibul Statue Explosion in Istas for the time being. It could be dangerous.”
“huh. I think so too.”
When all the students left to complete the senior year’s afternoon schedule, only Shirone and the store owner were left in the canteen.
“Hmm, it’s a study group in the shadows.”
The last drop of cocoa went down Shirone’s throat.
* * *
That evening, the golden ring.
The officers were summoned to the hiding place in the mountains northeast of Alpheas Magic School.
There was an unusual banquet, and Fermi was lost in thought over a strong drink in a cold atmosphere.
‘The labyrinth is back.’
This meant that nothing further stood in the way of Fermi’s plans.
‘Maybe this will be my last year at school.’
After thinking, he raised his head and asked.
“Did we all come together with this?”
“uh. Except for that guy.”
There are five executives of the Golden Coin Ring, including Fermi.
Those currently gathered were Sona’s Hercy, Electric Monster Licorn, and Alchemy’s Richard.
“Suddenly summoned, what’s going on?”
“Today, Frings offered an agreement.”
“A hide-and-seek study group?”
Hersie, the staff member, added.
“It seems that you have already made a proposal to other research groups. Because the presidents of doll collection and ant language have asked me to confirm the authenticity.”
“then… … .”
With lights flashing in the officers’ eyes, Fermi smiled.
“Yes, Scramble Royale. The target is the Supernatural Spirit Science Research Society. Drive them out and we take over Istas.”
“Hehe, the day you’ve been waiting for has finally arrived.”
When Richard of Alchemy raised the corner of his mouth, blue light came into his eyes.
“In that sense, we should also send a representative. A representative who will participate in Scramble Royale.”
“I do.”
The second-in-command of the ring of gold, the electric monster Licorn, raised his hand.
Currently ranked second in the graduating class, it was a strong force that no one could control except Fermi.
“No, you don’t step out this time. I have other things to do with me.”
Lichen unquestioningly followed Fermi’s advice.
“Then who are you planning to send?”
“Hercy joins the fight. Scramble Royale is just an outpost to get closer to the secret of Istas. It is important to gather as much information as possible.”
In that sense, Hercy was the best fit.
Although the ranking of the graduating class has fallen to 13th, it is a skill that is second to none of the Hide and Seek Research Club when it comes to information gathering.
“Then, Hersy on our side, Frings on hide and seek, Anchal on doll collection, and Fisho on the ant language. Are four people participating in the battle like this?”
“No, the Women’s Human Body Research Society also participates in the war.”
“But he’s not active.”
“I will do it this time. Tell them to go and fight.”
Fermi was convinced.
“If Shirone moves, he will have no choice but to step in.”
* * *
After midnight, Hersie arrived at the dormitory and stood in front of someone’s door.
Tailing is impossible.
His sound magic sonar could even collect the sound of his heart beating inside his body if he wanted to.
‘No one can stop a heart.’
Hersy was about to knock with a confident smile when a voice came from inside the door.
“come in.”
When I opened the door and entered, a scene of madness was revealed.
There were pictures attached to the whole room, and the main characters in the pictures were all Maya.
“You still feel good, Caden.”
Seventh in the current senior class, Caden of the Cross.
He was an executive officer of Geum Hwa-ryun and the head of the female human body research group.
“What is going on?”
Hersy walked over to the table and watched Cayden work.
The lines that moved without breaking even once accurately copied the real Maya.
“You know why I came?”
“I don’t know.”
“The Shadow Research Society proposed Scrumble Royale.”
“take no interest.”
“Also, Shirone is included on the other side.”
The line that had been moving while drawing Maya’s neckline suddenly jumped out and deviated.
“I… … Do you look like a human who will move out of petty jealousy?”
Hersey just laughed.
A long sword in the shape of a cross stood in one corner of the room, befitting his upright appearance as well as his honest personality.
Ironically, Cayden was originally a prosecutor.
To be exact, he is a promising member of the Cross family, the most famous swordsman family in the Kingdom of Tormia.
‘Swordsmanship and magic. It’s definitely a monster.’
The people of the Cross family, who receive the energy of the cross star, are born with special talents through horoscopes from the time they are born.
Among them, Cayden was born on the day of the Red Cross, which is said to return once every 43 years, and was able to bring out 100% of his potential in any field.
As a kind of cosmic law, he had already graduated from the Kaizen Swordsmanship Academy at the age of fourteen.
However, whether the popular belief that a child of the Red Cross will live a miserable life is true, Kayden had a stronger desire than swordsmanship.
It was art, especially painting.
Of course, the law of the red cross gave Caden the best drawing skills.
But the problem was that art wasn’t just about technology.
He could draw anything he thought of, but Kayden had nothing to turn it into art.
“Nice. Why don’t you try exposing yourself a little more boldly?”
Cayden wrinkled his brow as Hersy pointed to the painting.
“Don’t insult art.”
If stimulating human emotions is the power of art, the female body is art in itself, regardless of gender.
It may have been the only option for Cayden, who had no artistic expression skills, to start drawing semi-nude.
“so… … Aren’t you going to participate?”
Cayden stood up without saying a word, straightened his family symbol, the longsword cross, and looked at his face reflected in the blade.
“… … would.”
‘I knew it.’
In terms of the ability to read and use human emotions, no one can catch up with Fermi.
He just needed time to rationalize himself, and the fact that he used expressions such as ‘tiny jealousy’ was proof that he was already jealous.
“Then this is where we all came together. The schedule will be announced later.”
As Hersie left the room, Cayden looked at the huge picture of a battery hanging on the wall.
He was the one who abandoned his family and sneaked into Alpheas Magic School as if he were running away.
After getting to know a woman named Maya here, he realized why he was not given an artistic sensibility.
The god of art chose Maya.
“Maya… … .”
Recalling the divine thrill he felt when he first heard her song, Caden prostrated himself in front of the painting.
“If I can be by your side, I will do anything.”
It was a knight’s oath dedicated to the painting alone.
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 563 - Scramble Royale (4).txt
===============================
[563] Scramble Royale (4)
* * *
Hersie, who embraced Cayden, left the dormitory without returning to her room.
This is because at some point, he caught the heartbeat of someone paying attention to him from a certain distance.
Hersi stopped walking only after entering a secluded park.
Listening to the heartbeat, it was more likely to be a woman than a man.
“Now come out. who is this?”
A girl appeared from behind the pillars of the avenue.
“Hoo?”
He was an unexpected person.
“Eden… … .”
A devout follower of the York religion and a specialist in defensive magic.
As far as Hercy knew, she was not a member of the Research Society, so she was an unsuitable person for Scramble Royale’s outpost.
“Why did you follow me at night… … No, did you call me?”
Even Eden knew that Hercy could not be followed.
“Let me participate in Scramble Royale.”
“The bigger the alliance, the better. But aren’t you a member of the Shadow Research Society?”
“I will make it. If I take Eastas.”
‘Is it the upper class after all?’
Hercy’s guess was half correct.
The reason Eden, a believer of the Jordan religion, came to the magic school was only because of Mikea Gaold.
At one time, he was the president of the Tormia Magic Association, and even today, he is a person who is always included in the list of the most powerful wizards in the kingdom.
However, he was a heretic who betrayed Yogurism and forsook God.
‘I can’t tolerate it.’
A member of the same church as Gaold, she recalled what Jorah had told her before the second half of her senior year schedule began.
“You shouldn’t hate Gaold. He is a poor kid.”
Hearing the protection against heresy from the respected Jorah, Eden trembled with displeasure.
“Why do you say that? He is the one who forsook Yor. Isn’t he a monster who worships violence and commits countless murders?”
“Yes, a monster. But it wasn’t him who turned him into a monster. He did his best.”
“no. That is evidence of a lack of faith. No matter what pain may come, the god Yor is protecting us.”
The reason why Eden is recognized enough to be called a priest of God even within the world-class religious cult of Yore is not just blindly following God.
Rather, she was a very rational personality, and had an open mind enough to understand the conflict between reality and doctrine and accept human desires and limitations.
The combination of faith and logic cannot be destroyed by anything, so there was no way to convince Eden.
“Yora has an illusion of Gaold’s strength. If he was just a humble sabotage maniac, would he still protect him? I know what pain he went through to get there. That he is beyond human limits. But in the end, it’s just heresy. It is unacceptable that in this temple ruled by the god Yor, there is a force that protects a murderer.”
“I too feel sorry for Gaold’s decision. But he is being punished. It will be so in the future.”
“Do you earn?”
Eden looked back at Jorah with a sneer.
“Jora, do you think I’m weaker than Gaold?”
Jorah didn’t answer.
“I’m not talking about the best battle mage. I’m not even interested in such a barbaric title. But I am stronger than Gaold. Heresy is heresy after all.”
Eden tightened his eyes and said.
“As long as God Yor is watching, I have no enemies.”
Eden’s eyes, free from flashbacks, were more intense than ever.
‘I will destroy your legend, which started with Istas.’
Hearing Eden’s beating heart, Hersy smiled and said,
“good. I’ll report it to the boss first. You can expect good news.”
Hercy put Eden’s shoulder and disappeared into the darkness.
* * *
The first holiday since school started.
Shirone, Eruki, and Nade held a reunion party at the Supernatural Psychic Research Society.
Snacks and drinks were all, but I didn’t realize time was passing by chatting after a long time.
“The problem is always the group evaluation. Especially strategic tactics. There are 3 people absent, so the last group should be 2 people.”
Since the total number of members was only 27, the last 6 groups had to annihilate the monsters in 2,000 rounds with only 2 people.
Of course, the level of difficulty is adjusted according to the number of participants, but it was true that the synergistic effect of the firepower of five people could not be expected.
In response to Nade’s complaint, Eruki stabbed himself.
“That’s why everyone wants to rank up. You hit it up quickly too. If you beat Binder and Fishaw, you can become a group of 5.”
“ha. That’s because the score discrepancy is too wide… … .”
At that time, the research society vibrated and Estas started operating.
“what? Are you a teacher? Today is a holiday.”
Contrary to Shirone’s looking around, Nade’s expression was serious.
“The thing to come has come. Let us prepare too.”
The machinery stopped working, and Shirone and the others moved to their positions to greet the guests.
A familiar voice came from outside the door.
“It’s a dark research society.”
“come in.”
Shirone blinked as he looked at the faces of those entering through the open door.
Most of them were strong people in the first rank of graduates.
Hersy, who came in with her hands behind her back, turned her body at a right angle and spoke as if proclaiming.
“I suggest Scrumble Royale.”
Nade buried himself in the sofa and looked at the people standing in a row with his chin crookedly resting.
A total of six students, including Frings (ranked 3rd), Cadden (ranked 7th), Anchal (ranked 9th), Eden (ranked 10th), Hercy (ranked 13th), and Fishaw (ranked 25th).
It was a situation where the representatives of the shadowy research society gathered in one place.
‘It’s a war from now on.’
* * *
Scramble Royale.
The totality of the rules in which the winner takes everything in a confrontation with conditions.
It was an absolute rule that took precedence over school rules for the study group in the shadows, which could affect the graduation exam, regardless of personal cost.
With a table between them, three members of the Supernatural Psychic Research Society and six members of the Shadow Research Association sat facing each other.
It was Shirone who was not familiar with the rules of the shadows, but I could feel a completely different atmosphere from the graduating class evaluation.
Neither the teachers nor the school authority could interfere, it was their own business.
“I don’t think there is any need for an introduction. Because it is spherical.”
Hercy, who attended as the representative of the golden ring, continued.
“Of course you already know why we came.”
said Nade, crossing his legs arrogantly.
“Right. Then we simply need to set the schedule and rules.”
‘schedule? Rule?’
Everything was still unfamiliar, but Shirone was just listening.
With a thump, Hersey set down the iron box.
It’s the first time I’ve seen it, but the reason why it looks familiar is because the pattern of the henna I saw in heaven was engraved.
“Scramble Royal boasts a 30-year tradition. shall we start?”
Thirty years was before Miro was even active.
Nade explained as Shirone noticed.
“This is a tool called ‘Jersey’. Rules are set by mutual agreement and entered into the judge, and the winner is rewarded, and the loser is punished. You can also set rules for contract cancellation, so it’s the best tool for betting on something.”
Hersey added.
“Any rule is possible under mutual agreement. If you set the rule of ‘death if you fail to fulfill the contract’, you will actually die.”
‘Eating out.’
It was the first word that came to Shirone’s mind.
I also thought it was an ancient piece of equipment from heaven.
The reason why the expression weapon or weapon does not fit is because I saw the life in heaven with my own eyes.
It’s a dangerous device that could cost you your life if you mess with it, but considering the scale beyond common sense, I thought it might have been a play tool for angels or fairies.
“The game must be ‘black and white’, right?”
“It hasn’t changed in 30 years. There is a manual, so it’s easy to jump right into the confrontation.”
I was curious about what kind of game it was, but asking right away could make me look weak to my enemies.
“As you can see, the number of participants on the coalition side is six. You too, match the number of people. I won’t stop you if the three of you want to do it.”
The number of people was also decided by mutual agreement.
“Hmm.”
Nade, who had shouted that he was a minority elite, was cautious this time.
I didn’t want to attract non-members of the research society as much as possible, but the members of the alliance were too powerful.
‘I’m sure I’ll need an assistant.’
Hercy, Anchal, and Frings, as well as the insect magic fisho and the defense magic Eden contribute to perfecting the balance.
‘Besides, it’s Caden… … . huh? Cayden?’
Nade’s eyebrows went up.
“for a moment. How did this happen? Why did two people from the Golden Ring participate as representatives?”
It wouldn’t matter if the rules were set like that, but I had no intention of agreeing to the agreement.
“Do not misunderstand. Cayden did not come as the representative of the Ring of Gold.”
“What are you talking about? then… … .”
Nade realized something and stared blankly at Caden.
“I hope you… … ?”
“okay. I am the president of the Women’s Human Body Research Society.”
Shirone opened her mouth in a daze at the shocking declaration of Cayden, whom she considered the least honest among Fermi’s group.
“The president of the Women’s Human Body Research Society?”
Caden nodded as if he had nothing to hide.
“I also drew a lot of Amy’s nudes.”
Shirone was impressed by the immediate provocation.
‘Why are you suddenly talking like that… … ?’
Suddenly, Maya’s picture in the red book came to mind, and Eruki thought the same thing.
“As expected, people don’t know just by looking at their appearance. Is the reason why you participated even at the risk of your identity being revealed? Is it jealousy? Or should I set a rule for Shirone to give up Maya?”
“Don’t sell on such cheap sentiment.”
Caden pushed his upper body in and opened his eyes.
“What drives me is anger. Shirone, I will give you the greatest pain.”
The words felt like killing, but Shirone didn’t back down anymore.
“Come on as much as you like. As I said before, I will not be merciless to enemies who stand in my way.”
As the atmosphere matured, Anchal stepped out.
“Give me a week. Gather people in the meantime. The detailed rules will be decided at that time.”
Eruki objected.
“No, there is something I want to discuss in advance. In order to save helpers, we need to hold on to the whole strand as much as they also need compensation.”
From now on, since he was at the senior level, he was anticipating that there was no way he could just skip it.
“Okay, tell me.”
“First of all, what the Alliance wants is to give up the Supernatural Psychic Research Society once they win, right?”
“To be precise, I am giving up on Istas. It doesn’t matter what happens to the Supernatural Psychic Research Society.”
“Well, okay. accept it once Instead, I have something I would like to suggest.”
Eruki made eye contact with his friends and offered a reward.
“If we win, the entire combined team will be ranked lower than ours until the graduation exam.”
The expression on the coalition side hardened, and Shirone’s eyes shone.
‘I see. This is absolutely necessary.’
In order to match the level of the enemies, the helpers must be at least senior year, but all of them have nothing to do with the Research Society of the Shadows.
No one will intervene in Scramble Royale by interfering with the senior year schedule.
However, if you can rank higher than the majority of class one, you will have a clear motivation.
“Um, ranking… … .”
Nade smiled and said as Hercy entered the Django.
“Don’t pretend to be worried. I don’t think you guys who haven’t graduated because of Estas will be hesitant about rankings. You guys have easily won the most difficult agenda to discuss.”
Hercy also thought that negotiating the price for giving up Istas would be the most difficult.
‘That’s true. I even have a feeling that it was given up too easily. No, it must be said that finding an assistant is difficult. I don’t think I’m going to lose anyway.”
It was the same on the Union side anyway.
“Okay, I agree. Other delegates, please speak up.”
Anchal said right away.
“I don’t care either.”
Cayden had nothing to ask, and when the rest agreed, it was Nade who felt sorry for him.
‘Hmm, did I give in too much? Fisho is ranked low anyway. Well, even if only Frings and Cayden can be brought down, the desired result has been achieved.’
Hersy stood up, grabbing her jersey.
“Then save three more. Let’s go into detailed discussions in a week.”
“okay. I can’t go far.”
Nade sent them off without lifting a finger.
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 564 - Scramble Royale (5).txt
===============================
[564] Scramble Royale (5)
It wasn’t until the combined team left that Nade’s face relaxed.
“Whoa, it ended up like this. Sorry. I just accepted it.”
Eruki didn’t care.
“It’s something you have to go through at least once. There is a reason why we cannot give up on Estas. Anyway, what about the number of people? Does anyone have an idea?”
Shirone and Nade said at the same time.
“Amy.”
Eruki nodded.
“that’s right. In fact, I also set that condition with the same thought. But the problem is that Amy’s ranking is already 5th. You will have to appeal to your emotions as well.”
“Let me ask you a favor.”
If it was Shirone, who was no one else, it wasn’t without chance.
“Okay, Shirone will take care of Amy. What about the other two?”
Silence passed.
“Has anyone really thought about it?”
said Nade, resting his chin on it.
“Hmm, there are many candidates. There’s Canis’s team, Dante’s team, and Boyle’s okay. The summoning magic will be able to keep Fisho in check.”
Eruki shook his head.
“There’s no choice but to get it from outside, but it’s a shadowy affair that doesn’t benefit from being known. You should only contact those you think have a clear chance of winning. In that sense, Canis is dangerous. Because I’m waiting for Shirone.”
Shirone said.
“I can’t see Boyle as having any special merits compared to the other candidates. Dante is more likely to move as a team.”
Nade cried.
“Then who are you looking for?”
“How about Dorothy in that sense?”
Shirone looked back at Eruki.
“Dorothy?”
Sensing something, Nade raised his ax eye and shouted.
“You child! i knew i would Blow honestly! How far have you gone?”
“I haven’t gone anywhere. Do you know why I was friendly with Dorothy, who had no interest in me?”
Nade blinked.
“huh? Weren’t you interested?”
“I told you, what cannot be analyzed is not taste.”
“Then why are you friends?”
“On the first day of the senior class schedule, Dorothy got into a man-to-person battle with Shirone. Do you remember what I said back then? He said he’d do what Shirone wants if it’s a draw.”
“aha.”
Eruki raised a finger.
“I’m the type who is obsessed with rankings and uses conditions and rewards. Besides, Joner has a lot of advantages in Scrumble Royale.”
Nade finally understood.
“Okay then, Eruki tries to persuade Dorothy… … . The last one?”
Eruki asked.
“How is Sabina?”
You need to have good skills, but emotional kinship is also important to form a team.
In that sense, Sabina was an excellent choice.
“That will never happen.”
Nade firmly shook his head.
Victor Sabina, the red one of Dante’s party.
He was a strong air magician who fired dozens of air cuts per second, and his skills were certain as he had a record of defeating Nade in 2,000 battles.
“Don’t just say no, think about it. It seems like he cares about you. I also decided to conciliate Dorothy, and Shirone also has to ask a difficult favor.”
“no! no! Absolutely not!”
As Nade struggled, flailing his limbs, Shirone sighed and said,
“Then what are you going to do? It’s not a matter of being able to do it or not. Why are you not like you?”
Nade sighed and rubbed his hands together.
“Never mind! give me one chance Somehow, within time, I’ll try to find an assistant. Sabina really sucks!”
There was no way to stop him from saying he didn’t want to die.
“okay. Then, Nade, find a helper in time, and let’s conciliate Amy and Dorothy, who are with me.”
That’s how the end was built.
* * *
That night, Shirone went to Amy’s room.
Considering Amy’s skills, there was no plan B, so she had to be embraced.
‘There is no tailing.’
The enemies had declared war anyway, so it didn’t matter if they followed him.
I heard Amy’s voice as I knocked on the door.
“who are you?”
“It’s me, Shirone.”
Amy opened the door and tilted her head.
I was wearing my pajamas as if I had just washed, and my hair was still wet.
“Shirone? What happened all of a sudden?”
I’m not the type to decorate, but the atmosphere was different from what I saw during the day just because I was wearing comfortable clothes.
As Shirone looked at her with her eyes shining, Amy asked with a blush in embarrassment.
“Why are you looking at me like that? Have you seen it before?”
His tone was blunt, but he didn’t hate it.
“No, I think it looks good in pajamas too.”
“blood.”
Amy ate as if she wanted to hear all the stars.
“It’s not like it’s free, so what are you here for?”
“in fact… … I have something to ask of you.”
“Huh, I knew that. What is your request?”
Seeing that Amy’s voice still had a sweet feeling, Shirone gained courage and said with a bright smile.
“This time, supernatural psychic science… … .”
bang!
The door is closed.
* * *
The final meeting of Scramble Royale is a holiday this week.
Until then, Shirone and the others, who had to find helpers, decided to take advantage of the lunch break, the only break.
Among the candidates for helpers, the key person was definitely Amy, so Shirone persistently followed her around.
However, it was very difficult to change her mind, who was by no means inferior to Shirone, if she was stubborn.
“Amy, this is really important. You know what the Supernatural Psychic Research Society is like.”
“… … .”
“It’s a research society created by Mr. Miro. If the history of the study meeting ends in our generation… … .”
“Oh, really!”
Amy, impatient, screamed.
“What do you know? Whether the research society is overturned or overturned! By the way, are you really not going to graduate? Did you refuse to evaluate for this?”
“No, I have to graduate… … .”
Looking at Shirone, who lowered her head with a sullen face, Amy twitched her lips.
‘Oh, if this naive kid was in a hurry… … .’
It means that Shirone, who doesn’t want to cause trouble to others, is really desperate to cling to her like this.
Also, he didn’t hate the fact that the target was himself.
‘Still can’t do it. How about a week… … .’
The risk was too great to allow it only with emotion.
Even if the graduating class rank was the price, Amy, who was ranked 5th in the ranking, did not have much merit.
Most of all, it bothered me that I couldn’t fully focus on the evaluation during the scramble royale.
Of course, I was asked to participate only when I had time, but I didn’t want to be a burden with such half-power.
‘If I’m going to do it, I’ll do it properly.’
With such determination that I could even give up on graduation.
However, I still had doubts about whether this case was that serious.
“okay. I’ll think about it. So please, straighten her face. Because it looks like it’s going to be messed up.”
Shirone’s face brightened only then.
“Thank you, Amy.”
Nade, who was listening to the conversation between the two, thought.
‘It won’t be easy, Shirone too.’
Then, looking back at Eruki who was eating in front of him, he asked.
“how about you? Is Dorothy going well?”
“huh. We’ll talk more about it later.”
“Ooh, are you interested?”
“Are you an idiot, let me get to the point first? First of all, I said it was about the senior class rankings, so I had no choice but to come.”
“It’s pretty prudent. But what do you think about that? You said you weren’t interested in women’s psychology.”
“I can look at it calmly because I am not interested. Do you know what guys who can’t date have in common? It means you want to be in a relationship too much. Women are full of emotions, and they are naturally gifted with the ability to deal with a man’s emotions. The moment you lose your cool, you will be eaten.”
“Sheesh, keep your mouth alive.”
Nade became even more anxious.
Anyway, Amy is also showing interest little by little, and although I don’t know why, I feel like I’ll succeed.
‘It’s a big deal. I have to find a candidate within today.’
Being friendly with everyone was his weapon, but the fact that there were few people with whom he could deeply sympathize became his poison.
‘Screamer? Even if it’s violent, there’s loyalty. No, it’s not suitable for Scramble Royale. Luman can’t be trusted.’
At that moment, when I was lost in thought, I saw Suabi standing in front of Dante and stamping her feet.
‘huh? What’s going on?’
Suabi is a utility major.
Although he has an indecisive personality due to indecisiveness, he was a talent in the utility world who constantly ran dozens of buff magic.
Although he was eaten by Eruki’s cancellation, he was incomparable as a supporter of the current scramble royale.
“Guys, I’ll be back for a while.”
When I went to the place where Suabi was, I saw Sabina and Closer, who always accompany Dante, with their mouths open with absurd expressions.
“therefore… … You think you like me?”
At Dante’s question, Suabi’s face turned red.
“No, so… … Actually, I don’t know. You seem to like it, so I wanted to ask you.”
Nade, who had been listening from behind, stuck out his tongue.
‘It’s really serious. Is liking something also a decision disorder?’
Also, one more thing to add to Eruki’s theory is that once you’re handsome, you don’t have to think complicatedly.
Dante’s attitude was natural, as if it was something he had often experienced.
“To sum up, I don’t know if you like me or not, so you want me to tell you?”
Suabi bowed her head.
“Hmm, well. Even if you ask me… … .”
“I will tell you.”
While everyone looked away with a surprised expression, Nade raised his hand like a referee and joined the conversation.
“Suabi, you don’t like Dante.”
“You don’t like it?”
“of course. You haven’t talked much before, have you?”
“but… … My heart is pounding.”
“That’s because you were temporarily obsessed with your appearance. Wouldn’t it be a much nicer person who can approach you first and have a conversation with you, who is shy?”
“Is that so?”
Nade got to the point as if he had been waiting.
“okay. Do you understand now? Actually you like me… … .”
“thank god. Unrequited love is really heartbreaking.”
“… … .”
Dante said as he stood in the dark like a sack of barley that Nade had borrowed, watching the male aphid receding.
“What are you doing now?”
“shut up! You ruined everything! What are you going to do now?”
“What should I do? What did I do?”
Sabina slammed the cutlery with a bang.
“Hey, Nade. Look at me for a second.”
“no. Why am I looking at you?”
Sabina’s eyes widened as she grieved at this.
“If you come out, come out.”
She, who always avoided eye contact as if she was terrified when our eyes met, was overflowing with power today.
As Nade left the restaurant, Sabina, who was leaning against the wall, asked interrogatively.
“What are you doing these days?”
Nade quietly averted his gaze.
“What do you do? Useless meddling… … .”
“Tell me if you need help. I will help you.”
“There is no such thing.”
Irritation welled up in Sabina’s eyes, but she sighed and walked past Nade.
“Take it when they say yes. That’s why you can’t fall in love.”
“That… … !”
Sabina went into the dining room without looking back, and after calming down for a while, Nade returned to his seat.
“What did you and Sabina talk about?”
“He said he would help. But I declined.”
Eruki turned to Sabina.
“Why don’t you like it? Like a fly? You’re from the central region, so there are a lot of kids dressed up like that in the capital city.”
“Who said what? Sabina is fine. I have eyes to see.”
“Then what the hell is wrong?”
“Haha, Sabina… … .”
Nade let out a worried sigh and swallowed his words.
‘You saw my real face.’
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 565 - Opening (1) 1.txt
===============================
[565] Opening (1)
As the moon rose, a man and a woman met behind the graduation building.
Dorothy came out first and waited, and after 5 minutes, Eruki appeared.
“It’s late. 5 minutes.”
Dorothy scolded her with her unique tone, but Eruki’s hair does not forget the time.
“You came five minutes early.”
“that’s right. My watch is five minutes fast.”
Dorothy shyly turned her head away.
“But I always forget.”
Eruki couldn’t analyze what the current conversation meant to Dorothy.
“Then I’ll start with the main point.”
As Dorothy nodded, an explanation of Scramble Royale continued.
No other words interrupted until the explanation was finished.
“Scramble Royale runs from noon to midnight every day. You will be able to take the morning evaluation, and if you are in a hurry, you can attend the afternoon evaluation as well. Wouldn’t that be a bad suggestion since you can bring down the majority who are higher than you?”
“also?”
It was Dorothy’s only question.
“also?”
“Is that why you called me? Don’t you have something else to say?”
After thinking about it, Eruki said.
“there is. To be honest, if I participate in Scramble Royale, I will give up on the afternoon evaluation. Of course, there are no restrictions, but in reality it is.”
“… … .”
Dorothy looked at Eruki for a long time and then gently put her hand on his cheek.
“slap.”
She was the one who let out the effect sound through her mouth, but Eruki’s expression was still the same.
“okay. I will.”
“thank you. On behalf of the Supernatural Psychic Research Society.”
“As you said, it wasn’t a bad suggestion. Can I go to the study meeting on a holiday?”
Before Eruki could answer, Dorothy immediately turned and headed for the inn.
* * *
After the evaluation on the 6th day of the week, the day to discuss the Scramble Royale was approaching on the 1st.
Upon arriving at the study group, the shadow of death was cast over Nade’s pale eyes.
‘I couldn’t find it. Now I am dead.’
I shouted loudly, but most of the students who suggested it did not even pay attention.
This is probably because the risk of being disturbed in the evaluation during the war was greater than expected.
“No, that’s not it.”
Eruki, who had already embraced Dorothy, was the only one who wiggled his fingers with a relaxed expression.
“It’s because we calculated the benefit of the non-participant in addition to the risk.”
Shirone nodded sadly.
“Because we can score more points than our competitors while participating in Scramble Royale.”
“cadet! is that the problem? If you win, you can step on the kids in Class One!”
Unlike the excited Nade, Eruki was calm.
“Low risk low return. Not a bad choice. And besides, that kind of determination won’t help anyway. The time has come to devise realistic alternatives.”
The realistic alternative was Sabina after all, so the prickly Nade kept her mouth shut.
To be honest, it would be welcome if anyone would help in this yard, but the desire that she would never get entangled was no less than that.
“okay. Let’s go and talk.”
“Go quickly. go now I really don’t have time anymore I’ll go see Amy again.”
When Shirone left the meeting first with a depressed expression, Nade, who was following, turned to Eruki.
“I have a problem too, but what about Shirone? To be honest, it’s true that it’s an unreasonable schedule. The person asking for it or the person refusing it must feel bad, but won’t it become awkward again after this?”
“Amy will join. Don’t worry, you’ll be fine.”
“huh? What are you talking about?”
As if he hadn’t heard, Eruki looked back at the wall and murmured.
“Now that this has happened, we have no choice but to use the final card.”
* * *
“Haha, that’s really going crazy.”
In the end, he turned back to Sabina and Mannade sat down on a park bench and sighed that the ground would go away.
‘know. I know.’
As the chairman of the research society, he had to take responsibility for the doctor, but there were certain problems that he hated more than dying.
“What are you doing here?”
“Don’t tell me. My head is messed up right now… … huh?”
Realizing that it was Sabina’s voice, Nade hurriedly turned his head.
“How do you feel?”
“Eruki told me to go. He said he was looking for me.”
Eruki’s grinning face came to mind.
“What, you didn’t say sit down? Didn’t you find me? just go?”
“No, you can’t go, so… … .”
Sabina said, trying to hide her bubbling expression.
“Hey, do you hate me that much?”
“Who doesn’t like it? no sound… … .”
Realizing that he was watching, Nade suddenly changed his expression and shouted.
“Then why do you keep caring about me? I don’t know your intentions. Are you sure you really like me or not at all?”
“Why do you think so?”
“huh?”
Sabina sat down on the bench.
“Yeah, honestly, I admit I’m weird. From the moment I saw you that day.”
Nade didn’t move.
It was immobility as if frozen in time, and Sabina got goosebumps at the absolute sense of life she had never felt in her life.
‘Oh, I’m really scared… … .’
After 2,000 battles last year, he was lynched by Nade.
Since then, she has been haunted by nightmares of Nade strangling her every day.
‘How did this happen?’
If the fear is too intense, it may be that Sabina also unlocked the mind of Nade, just as she surrenders herself to the fear.
“I was so scared. To be honest, I still do. So please… … Could you please stop doing that?”
“Oh sorry.”
Nade grabbed his face.
‘Damn it, another mistake.’
The face of ‘it’ that is revealed without even knowing it.
I wanted to smash the even more repulsive face that resembled my mother.
“But I’m not doing this because I’m afraid. I’ve been watching you I laughed and chatted with my friends, and it was a little different from the Dante team I was a part of. It looked really fun.”
Nade, who was sitting on the bench, said in a cold voice.
“It’s all fake. That’s not who I really am.”
It was the first time other than Eruki confessed honestly.
“What is your true form?”
Nade looked back at Sabina.
“Whether you’re a scary person or pretending to be nice, it’s you in the end. There is nothing fake about you.”
Sabina said with a kind smile.
“Nade desperately tries to hide his scary appearance. That’s the only you, and that’s what I saw of Nade.”
Nade kept his mouth shut.
Even if the muscles in his face loosened even a little, tears seemed to come pouring out.
“I just want to know you a little more. So don’t worry. Of course, it wouldn’t help if my skills were lacking.”
With Nade still silent, Sabina rose from her seat with a resigned expression.
“If you change your mind… … .”
“Scramble Royale.”
“huh?”
Nade raised his head as if he had made up his mind.
“Do you want to join me? With your help, I think I can do it right.”
Sabina smiled.
* * *
The day of negotiations finally arrived.
Nade became remarkably healthy in a day, but this time Shirone looked like a corpse.
It was the first time that even his friends had seen Shirone tremble like this.
“What do we do? In the end, I couldn’t convince Amy.”
“Ugh, anyway, stubbornness should be acknowledged.”
Nade clicked his tongue and said.
“There is nothing I can do about it. You just have to negotiate well and strike a balance.”
“But even that is giving up one negotiating card. Sorry! because of me… … .”
When Shirone was about to cry, Nade patted his shoulder.
“Where is that word? If you can’t convince anyone, you can’t convince anyone. It is unavoidable.”
“Ahhh! It’s all my responsibility.”
Eruki confirmed that Shirone was covering her face with both hands, and stood up.
“I’ll be gone for a while. We are preparing to welcome guests first.”
“Where? We only have a few hours left.”
“I have a prior arrangement.”
After saying that, Eruki left Istas and headed straight to the store.
It was quiet because it was a holiday, and Amy raised her hand after waiting while drinking coffee.
“How is Shirone?”
“I will die soon. It’s not good to live.”
Amy asked with an apologetic expression.
“Is there really nothing you can do about it?”
“there is. You can participate.”
“Is that sound again? You said no. I mean this is the second graduation exam. Mistakes are unacceptable.”
Eruki nodded.
“know. So I’m going to stop begging you now.”
“Then why did you ask to see me?”
“To intimidate.”
Amy raised one eyebrow.
“How are you going to blackmail me?”
“You know Kayden, right? I’m the president of the Women’s Human Body Research Society.”
“Oh, I didn’t see that.”
Amy consciously tried not to pay attention.
“You may have heard it roughly from Shirone, but there are many similarities between scramble royale and regular dining out. If you set the rules, they come into play.”
“so?”
“Kaden has always liked Maya. And Maya likes Shirone.”
“so?”
Gradually, I began to think that I couldn’t go any further.
“Kaden has a grudge against Shirone. Perhaps you would suggest a condition like this. If you lose, you won’t be able to date Amy for the rest of your life.”
“that… … recipe?”
“It’s just like that.”
Amy hit the table.
“Are you kidding me? what kind of threat is that? What am I doing with Shirone? We are not in any relationship. Even on the day we returned, we had already talked to each other like that.”
“I don’t know that far. This is the last chance to just turn around, so I thought I should tell you.”
Eruki stood up from his seat and said.
“That’s why Shirone must have been desperate. Don’t be too sad that I didn’t know your circumstances. We are also cheering for your graduation more than anyone else.”
Watching Eruki leave the store, Amy sucked up the remaining coffee in one go.
* * *
“no! Absolutely not!”
Back at the dormitory, Amy confirmed that it was time for the scramble royal negotiation table to open soon.
If he loses, he has no future with Shirone.
“joy! Who are you dating? Anyway, men are funny. Even if you pay even a little attention, you will be mistaken.”
If you participate in Scramble Royale, you will suffer a huge loss in the graduation evaluation.
“Even if there is a possibility, what? What kind of stupid thing is that if you can’t graduate and only date?”
Amy sat down at her desk and opened a book.
‘Okay, let’s forget it! you’re studying! Not a single man is Shirone, and I don’t have to worry about giving up my life. furthermore… … Could Shirone’s team win?’
The pages of the theory of thermodynamics turned quickly.
‘Kayden.’
Amy, who closed the book with a bang, jumped up from her chair.
“No, but this kid is really… … !”
* * *
The hour hand pointed to noon.
As Estas started operating, the Supernatural Psychic Research Society came down to the first floor, and six members of the combined team entered at the agreed time.
Hersy looked at the numbers first.
‘5 people.’
The expectation that Amy would be included was wrong, but it was actually a good news.
‘Estas is ours.’
The discussion took place with both parties sitting face-to-face.
“The time to conclude the negotiations is until midnight today.”
“good. 12 hours is tight, so let’s set a big frame first. Divided into game rules, rewards and rewards, and taboos… … .”
Then the door opened violently.
“hey! Cayden!”
Amy stood where everyone looked.
“Amy?”
Shirone was the most surprised, but she didn’t even look at him and went straight to Cayden.
“wanna die? Who wants you to interfere with other people’s marriages, no, love affairs?”
Caden closed his eyes as if ignoring him.
“I don’t know what you mean. Nothing has been decided yet.”
“huh?”
Only then did Amy come to her senses and turn her head.
The Scramble Royale participants were staring at them with dazed expressions.
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 566 - Opening (2).txt
===============================
[566] Opening (2)
“Aha, that’s right, right?”
Amy raised her chin and confidently received her gaze, then sat down next to Shirone and crossed her legs.
“Okay, from now on I will also participate in Scramble Royale. I’ll make you not be able to go to school, rank or anything.”
“It is what I wished for.”
Hersy responded with a smile, but she couldn’t hide her bitter expression.
“Amy… … .”
Amy gritted her teeth and whispered at Shirone’s blank expression.
“See you when this is over. Be prepared.”
“yea, I got it.”
I felt like I had gained a thousand troops just because Amy came.
With all 12 participants gathered, Hersie took out the jersey.
“First of all, let’s decide the competition event.”
The triggering of the rule is from the moment it is entered into the judge, so it was important to properly draw out a consultation in advance.
“First of all, the confrontation suggests ‘black and white’.”
Nade nodded.
“No objection. But isn’t it in order to explain before that? That’s what you suggested.”
It was an investigation to find out what the other person knew, but Hersie readily agreed.
“The last time the jersey was used was 7 years ago. At that time, as a result of Scramble Royale, the shadowy research society ‘Bizarre Taste’ was disbanded. All I know is to find a tile that is summoned at a specific time and place and have a confrontation.”
If it was no different from what Nade knew, the quality of the information was equal in the end.
“Then let’s begin. Who will make it work?”
Nade held out his hand as if he were passing it off.
“Okay then… … .”
When Hersh pressed the button on his jersey, the side with the pen opened and a piece of paper slipped out from the bottom.
Hersey took out a piece of paper and a pen, wrote black and white, and showed it to Shirone’s team.
“I checked.”
When the paper was inserted into the gap of the jersey, it was sucked back into the device with a mechanical sound, and a hemispherical lens popped out.
From there, light sprayed onto the ceiling, and a tiny human woman, like a fairy, spun and floated up.
“Hello, Alpheas Magic School students. My name is Lulu, who will introduce the black and white game rules from now on.”
The history of Scramble Royale is 30 years, and it is said that they used the technology of heaven, but the technology of the distant seniors was admirable.
“Black and white use the area within Alpheas Magic School as the battlefield, and it does not judge the space that is not entered in the judge. Unless otherwise agreed, the duration of the competition is 7 days, and the competition time is from noon to midnight every day.”
Lulu raised her palm as if supporting a tray.
“When a match between black and white starts, spheres of light equal to the number of participants are created, which is called a scramble.”
A small orb of light appeared above her palm.
‘It’s a luminous body. It should be easy to find at night.’
While everyone had similar thoughts, explanations continued.
“Collecting scrambles will cause the light to disappear and transform into a single card.”
When Lulu held the sphere of light, it transformed into a card with henna on both sides.
“This is called a card in its pure state, that is, a genuine card. The important point here is that the retention time of the pure state is only 1 second based on the photon field.”
‘It’s a photon system standard… … .’
If there is room for the theory of relativity to be applied, it is not absolute time.
“The pure state is important because only in this state can you choose between black and white. Let me give you an example. hundred.”
The henna disappeared from one side of the card and turned into a clean white side.
“This is the white card. Also, we delayed the time for the demonstration, but in reality, you have to make a judgment within one second, so please be careful.”
Eruki asked.
“Does it have to be word of mouth? When it comes to choosing between black and white.”
Lulu’s liveliness disappeared.
“… … An answerable question has been entered. You don’t necessarily have to verbalize keywords to choose between black and white. However, you must be in the Spirit Zone.”
With the same principle as Kubrick, it was a method of detecting the mental change of the card holder.
“I will continue the explanation. If 1 second passes in the pure state, it is regarded as giving up the black and white option, and the card is automatically converted into a random state card.”
As Lulu’s white card turned gray, a black letter R was engraved in the center.
“This is a random card. If you enter the keyword ‘open’ in this state, you can get one of the black and white cards. Let me give you an example. open.”
The letter R disappeared and turned into a card painted black.
“This is the basics of dealing with scramble. Incidentally, it is possible to acquire multiple items in a scrambled state, but once they are in pure state, they cannot be transferred.”
Shirone’s head spun.
‘A single person can collect multiple scrambles, but they’re bound at that point. Therefore, what we need to worry about is the variable depending on whether it is black, white, or random.’
Amy asked.
“How is it verified that non-transferability is possible? Depending on the case, you can dig a loophole in the rules, right?”
“… … An answerable question has been entered. What I will explain from now on is ‘Master Card’.”
The liquid crystal-shaped card with a red border was held in Lulu’s hand.
“At the start of the match, Master Cards are given to all participants. It is a card that allows you to obtain various information such as scramble coordinates, other participants’ card status, and your own card status.”
Cheating is impossible if cards collected by other players are recorded.
“Please take good care of it. If your Master Card is lost or destroyed, you will be disqualified from participating.”
Anchal asked.
“Can it be stolen and destroyed?”
Lulu said right away.
“it’s possible. Scramble is summoned once every 2 hours when the game starts, and you can collect them to form a tall hand and face off.”
Shirone entered the calculation.
‘Summoned once every 2 hours. Since there are 12 participants, the total number of scrambles summoned per day will be 72.’
In theory, one person could collect all 72 scrambles.
Of course, this was possible only when the other 11 people were scarecrows.
“Okay, now that I’ve introduced the rough rules, I’m going to tell you the priority of the tiles you need to collect. The maximum number of cards that can be collected in black and white matches is six in total. If you collect scrambles while already holding six cards, they will be automatically destroyed.”
Eruki nodded.
‘I can’t get a card, but I can interfere with the other side from collecting, so it’s not a meaningless rule.’
Lulu continued the explanation.
“Depending on the combination of black and white, a strong hand and a weak hand are divided. Hands other than the set combinations are meaningless, so think carefully before collecting them. Then, I will show you meaningful hand combinations from step 1.”
Black and white cards floated to her left and right.
“There are two significant losses in the first stage. It is black and white.”
As Lulu pointed at the air with her right hand, a diagram made of symbols came to mind.
●(bad)<○(good).
“This is the first level of priority, calling black evil and white good.”
‘Good first? Will the ranks be divided from the first stage?’
It was surprising that superiority and inferiority were decided from the start.
“Let’s move on to step two. There are three possible combinations, but two are significant.
○○ (Saint) <●● (Heretic).
Everyone’s eyes changed.
‘It was reversed.’
In the first stage, the white hand had the upper hand, but in the second stage, the black hand had the upper hand.
Since the combination of ○● was meaningless, catching the bag in the first stage was not the only skill.
‘Realistically, if there are 12 scrambles in the first place, 12 players should get one each. Even if you gain the upper hand with the white hand, you will lose to the black hand after 2 hours.’
“It’s a three-level combination.”
●●●(Apostasy)<○○○(Religion)<●○●(Republicanism)<○●○(Eastern Society).
There are 4 meaningful combinations, and the strongest in the 3rd level is the third class.
‘It’s also a turnaround.’
The Triad was a hand that could only be combined if two white cards, that is, the saint, were captured in the second stage.
“Step 4.”
○○○○(Pope)<●●●●(Mine)<○○○●(Monarchy)<●●●○(Dictator)<○●○●(Democracy).
‘Hmm, the ratio of white and black is half and half is the strongest in the 4th level.’
From now on, there are many variables, so it was not possible to analyze the advantage or disadvantage right away.
“Step 5.”
○●○●(Revolution)<○○●○○(Emperor)<●●○●●(Conviction)<●●●●●(Demon King)<○○○○○(Holy Mother)
Shirone realized a big change.
‘The combination of black and white is weak, and a single pattern has emerged as the strongest. However, if you want to create a Demon Lord or Holy Mother, you have to take a lot of damage from the first stage.’
I guessed the personality of the person who made the match between black and white.
“This is the final step 6.”
○●○●○●(Chaos)<○●○○●○(Amplification)<●○●●○●(Disappear)<●●●●●●(Air)<○○○○○○(Infinite).
This time, a single pattern is the strongest, but it seemed like a success even if you just made a meaningful combination up to step 6 with a random card.
“Above 23 types of cards are meaningful combinations, and the rest have no meaning. A hand that has no meaning, this is called a ‘full loss’.”
‘Even if I’m holding a full blow, if it’s up to the 5th level, I can make a meaningful combination by winning the next scramble.’
Lulu said while wiping the schematic.
“Are you sure you remembered everything? Then I will erase it.”
No one answered as they were absorbed in their own thoughts.
“Now that I know the hand, I will explain the matchup method. When scrambles are collected, one of the following symbols will appear on each master card: white (○), black (●), or random (ⓡ). Of course, the random card cannot be checked, and even if the owner has opened it, it will still be displayed as random on the master card of other participants.”
“It becomes a hidden card.”
“you’re right. If you want to check the opponent’s hidden card, you can bet.”
“Kang?”
“It means to win. I will summon Lily for a demonstration.”
When the girls who looked identical like twins were born, Lulu showed her Master Card.
“My hand recorded on my master card is White 2, Black 1, Third Division. Also, when I checked Lily’s combination… … .”
A symbol of ●●ⓡ was written on Lili’s current status.
“It’s a state where you can’t see the combination with Black 2 and Random 1. It may actually be random, or it may have already been opened by Lily. Then let’s try Caen. Lily, Kang.”
Lily’s master card glowed red.
“If the opponent bets Kang, the receiver must choose Kang or Pao within 1 second based on the photon field. Kang means to fight, and Pao means to refuse. If you cannot decide between Kang and Pao within 1 second, all cards in your hand will be destroyed. This is called ‘gaepae’.”
Eruki asked.
“If Kang enters while the opponent has not opened a random card, will the random card be automatically opened? Or is it not included in the combination?”
Lulu’s liveliness disappeared again.
“That’s a question I can’t answer.”
‘Hmm, as for whether it’s applied or not, go into practice and find out for yourself.’
“First of all, if Lily receives Kang. Lily.”
When Lili shouted Kang, the random display disappeared and a combination of ●○● (Republic) appeared.
“I am the Third Division, and Lily is the Republic. That is, I win. At that point, all of Lily’s cards are ruined.”
Lulu’s master card erased Lili’s status.
‘If you lose, all cards are lost. I’ll have to be careful about receiving Kang.’
“The range in which Kang can be cast matches the area of the Spirit Zone. also… … .”
Lulu continued with a meaningful smile.
“The loser in the battle of Caen cannot do any harm to the winner until the next scramble summons.”
“what?”
The atmosphere of the 12 people who were listening to the rules became agitated for the first time.
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 567 - Open War (3).txt
===============================
[567] Opening (3)
Shirone asked.
“What exactly do you mean by incapable of harm?”
“This includes both primary physical and psychological attacks. However, it is not involved in the tactical application, that is, the secondary part.”
Hersey said.
“It is secondary. So you’re saying it’s possible to set a trap and wait for the participants?”
“That’s right. Because the subject of the attack is not Kang’s loser, but the object, strategy, or terrain.”
“I understand. What if you choose Pao?”
“Rejection. In other words, even if pao is selected, the player who casts kang cannot be harmed until the next scramble is summoned. But in this case, it doesn’t matter.”
“But I can keep the card.”
“That is exactly what it is.”
Eruki rested his chin on his chin and was lost in thought.
Whether it was losing in Caen or choosing Pao, not being able to harm the opponent was a fatal risk.
‘You have to be chased by the opponent for up to two hours. If the Master Card is stolen from it… … .’
The face of the game will change in an instant.
‘It’s not just about competing over a hand of cards. Rather, it is a game rule that urges you to destroy your opponent’s Master Card. In addition to tactics, combat power is also important.’
Amy asked.
“What if the priorities are the same? That is, if the combination of cards is the same.”
“When the same hand is played, there is no winner or loser. Also, it’s not a bitch.”
I didn’t say it openly, but from then on, it contained the meaning of hitting and hitting like I was going to kill.
‘Hmm, I thought there would be a priority for the learning time, but I just need to match the hand.’
Then there is no need to open the random card right away.
“These are the rules of the game. Do you understand everything?”
There was no answer.
It’s true that I understood the rules, but I felt like I had to play the game myself to understand the intention behind them.
‘The rule itself is simple. However, due to the use of random cards and the variable of being invincible for 2 hours, there is plenty of room for complicated twists.’
Lulu finished.
“Basically, the duration of the game is 7 days. In other words, the player with the highest hand wins by midnight on the last day, and all rewards and rewards are distributed through the judge.”
In summary, in order to win in black and white, one of two conditions must be met.
Fight against opponents and destroy all master cards, or keep the strongest hand until the time.
‘I can’t see anything being easy. To destroy the Master Card, you must defeat everyone on the opposing team. On the other hand, with cards, even if only one person has the strongest hand, they can win, but it is difficult to keep it for 7 days. A sacrificial strategy will also be needed.’
“The location of the scramble is indicated by XYZ coordinates, and disappears from the master card when a participant collects it. This was the ‘black and white’ game rule so far. I hope you find various ways to apply the rules and enjoy the game with your friends.”
The lights on the jersey went out as Lulu disappeared.
“A fun game is a bummer.”
someone muttered.
* * *
After hearing the black and white rule, all 12 people were silent as they weighed the variables that occurred in the rules and their abilities.
‘Win. I won this game unconditionally.’
He didn’t show it, but Nade was trembling inside.
1 second based on the photon field.
If time was flexible, there was enough room for Shirone’s statue of Buddha to explode.
Eruki went into a bit more detail.
‘If you cast a slow, you can increase it by 1 second. But it’s not at that level.’
The key is whether to use random cards.
I don’t know the exact time until the random card is confirmed as black and white, but it’s probably no more than 1 second.
Therefore, Shirone can open random cards repeatedly until the color he wants comes out.
It is ignoring randomness, the downside of hidden cards.
There was no way he wasn’t thinking of it as Shirone, but he still kept his poker face and looked at the opposing team.
‘Only my friends are aware of my abilities.’
But even if they didn’t know, it was clear that it wasn’t an easy game, and all of the allied teams looked confident.
‘Unfounded Confidence? Or is it a deadly strategy?’
After each of their thoughts were sorted out to some extent, Hercy stepped forward and proceeded with the discussion.
“Now then, let’s move on to the matter of compensation and cost.”
Nade brought out what he had in mind.
“First of all, check what has been decided. If we win, the 6 members of the combined team must rank lower than us before the graduation exam.”
Hersy said, taking temporary notes in a notebook.
“good. Then, when our team wins, the Supernatural Psychic Research Society will leave Eastas.”
It was easy so far, but the problem came next.
“If the whole is decided, shall we move on to the individual? Raise your hand if there is a reward or price you want to bet on this Scramble Royale.”
The reason why no one raises their hand right now is because they are not simply saying what they want.
consulted in any way.
In order to achieve compensation, you must accept the price equivalent to that requested by the other party.
“I will suggest one.”
When Cayden raised his hand, Shirone’s team became very nervous, and Shirone in particular bit nervously with her lips.
It’s because it’s not strange to ask for anything if you’re a person who is obsessed with jealousy.
‘I don’t care if it separates me from Amy. But if you’re thinking about what to do with Amy… … .’
While all kinds of disturbing thoughts wandered through her head, Shirone took a deep breath.
‘Let’s stay calm. Even absurd conditions can be adjusted through consultation.’
The only uneasy thing is that as long as they accepted Scrumble Royale, the match must be played.
If you refuse, it is an unwritten rule to dismiss it as abstention, and if you reject even that, then it was a war.
“The condition I demand is that if our side wins… … .”
Saliva ran down Shirone’s throat.
“Shirone, you are confessing your love to Maya with all your heart.”
“… … what?”
My eyes widened at the unexpected remark, but when I thought about it, it was fortunate that Amy wasn’t involved.
Amy’s reaction, on the other hand, was completely different.
“This bastard! How do you know a person’s heart? Do you think you can control your emotions with a game like this?”
“I was never forced. If you can’t do it, you have to pay the price with death. The issue of contract termination will be discussed later.”
“this… … !”
“Amy, wait.”
The moment Amy raised her fist, Shirone said.
“Nothing has been decided yet. If it is something that cannot be done, it can be coordinated through consultation.”
Although Shirone said that, she had an intuition that in the end she had no choice but to accept Caden’s proposal.
“okay. The subject of consultation is Shirone. you know That this is the most realistic condition I can propose.”
said Amy.
“Shirone, ignore it. Do you have about 11 hours left? Let’s go to the end with this agenda.”
Caden’s eyes widened.
“Do you really want to go all the way? If this agreement is everything, I’ll have to raise the difficulty too. How about Amy being my doll if we win? Or will she sell it for a garland of gold?”
Amy hit the table with both hands.
“With whom? I’d rather die than that!”
“Then die!”
Caden shouted at him.
“Do you think this is a school? No one cares if you die. I also made as many concessions as possible for smooth negotiations. The Shadow Research Society has its own rules, and it’s a gathering where everyone agrees. If you don’t want to, just leave.”
Shirone asked.
“What does that mean to you? I mean to confess my love to Maya. Do you like Maya?”
“She is my muse.”
Cayden’s eyes flashed with madness.
“I can sacrifice anything to make her happy. She can also kill anyone.”
“Everybody calm down.”
Eruki controlled the atmosphere.
“It’s just a proposal from the other party. And Cayden made it clear he wasn’t going to back down from here. then… … .”
Electricity flew in Eruki’s eyes as he glared at Cayden.
“You mean you’re prepared to pay the price, right?”
Perhaps the person who is most angry at this place may be Eruki, who dragged Amy into it.
“That, too, is to be decided after listening to the conditions.”
Hercy stepped forward and took over Eruki’s life.
“But before that, can we offer a price first?”
Nade asked with the momentum to strike at any moment.
“Why are you offering our compensation?”
“Don’t do that, listen. That would be a bad condition.”
Sabina, who calmed Nade down, asked.
“Okay, talk.”
Hersy laughed and raised her index finger.
“If you accept Kayden’s offer, I’ll let one of your members pass the graduation exam.”
“what… … Called?”
“It’s not that I’m going to give you a stamp of approval, but I’m saying that I’ll use all my personal connections and abilities to get you through.”
‘It’s Fermi.’
There is no physical evidence that Hwa-Ryun Geum is acting as a broker for graduation exams, but it is certain.
‘It’s not something Hersy alone can suggest. He has already set the limits of the agreement.’
Hersy spread two fingers.
“If you don’t like it, how about something like this? Until the graduation exam, all the Golden Wheel members are in a lower rank than your team.”
There was no doubt that it was an unconventional proposal since graduation was a top priority at a magic school.
‘Why are you so obsessed with Scramble Royale? What is the secret of Estas?’
“Let’s accept it.”
Everyone on Shirone’s team turned to Dorothy.
“what?”
“Let’s accept it. Aside from being a member of the research team, Sabina and I are strangers. I think we can do our best only with that level of compensation.”
Dorothy turned to Eruki.
“Isn’t that why you brought me in?”
Eruki nodded meekly.
“It doesn’t.”
said Nade.
“But Dorothy, even if you graduate that way… … .”
“know. I have no intention of passing with help from anyone. I don’t have to be privileged. However, if you are in a situation where you are on the edge of passing, it is impossible to guarantee. Does anyone want to stay here for another year?”
Dorothy held out her hand.
“Sorry, I said it wrong. My point is, apart from using the acceptance card, it is much more efficient to receive it for now. It’s not asking for Amy’s body, and it’s not that Shirone wants to date Maya. Is it just a confession? And what we get is one acceptance card. Do you know what this means?”
Regardless of whether they pass or not, it means that there will be room to control the entire Fermi party in the graduation exam.
‘The golden ring will definitely do its best. As long as the agreement was reached through interdiction, there would be no choice but to pay the price of breaking the contract. Hersy’s words are true.’
While Eruki was lost in thought, Dorothy added.
“Please don’t misunderstand. If there were any other way, I would have declined an offer like this. But there is no better compromise than this in the matter of Shirone and Caden, Amy and Maya. To be honest, isn’t it stupid not to accept it?”
After thinking, Eruki asked Caden.
“Is it just a confession? Apart from Maya’s choice?”
“Of course. It doesn’t matter as long as Maya accepts it. But confessions must be sincere. If you can’t do it, you’ll have to pay the price.”
“Pooh woo woo.”
very ambiguous
From a rational point of view, the scales had already tipped, but it felt like being in equilibrium again due to emotional problems.
Nade grabbed his head.
‘Hercy will not back down. That would be the condition for participating in the war.’
Knowing that fact, Hercy also offered the most powerful negotiating card, even taking the loss.
“Let’s go out and coordinate our opinions for a moment.”
To be precise, he wanted to hear Shirone’s thoughts in advance.
“However much. Today is such a day.”
When Hercy suggested it, Nade called his friends as he left the table.
“Everyone come out.”
Staring at the united team, the five of them lined up around the table and left the study group.
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 568 - Opening (4).txt
===============================
[568] Opening (4)
The six people gathered in the hallway were silent between the still anger and the momentary relief of tension.
At least, Sabina, who was objective about this issue, asked.
“what do you think about it? The coalition team’s proposal.”
“The graduation test pass card came out of the calculation that our team included foreigners. I participated in scramble just by lowering the ranks. I thought that if the condition was to pass the graduation exam, it would definitely work.”
Dorothy asked at Eruki’s words.
“Is this a situation where I have to say I’m sorry? I was the one who asked to accept the offer in the first place.”
“no. You made a reasonable request. A team where one person has to sacrifice doesn’t deserve to exist. It’s a game where teamwork is important.”
‘It’s cold.’
With Dorothy feeling that way, Shirone said.
“I have no complaints about Dorothy’s judgment either. Personally, it’s a bad suggestion, but it’s all for a purpose. If we criticize Dorothy, we, who brought in strangers before that, become worse.”
Nade drew attention to his friends.
“Okay, let’s be garbage from now on. There is no end if you follow your feelings. We are only looking at efficiency.”
Everyone agreed, but it was also difficult to speak out, and Nade, as chairman, took the lead.
“Honestly, I think it’s a good suggestion.”
Shirone nodded.
“I am of the same opinion. Although I don’t like the idea of putting human emotions on condition.”
Actually, I want to cancel Scramble Royale right now and declare war on Kayden.
However, if you think about it rationally, the mere fact that Amy wasn’t entangled in Kayden’s request was half the success.
‘I’m sorry, Amy. But if Cayden tries to do something to you, I’ll never be able to fight.’
Even if it means accepting a waiver.
Eruki glanced at Amy and said.
“As Shirone said, if emotions are excluded, it may not be a serious problem. Anyway, even if Shirone confesses, Maya won’t accept it if it’s like this. I can tell you in advance.”
“Kuk!”
Amy couldn’t hold back and showed her emotions.
Seeing her teary-eyed face biting her lips made everyone feel solemn.
‘Yes, Eruki is right.’
However, he is so resentful and his pride hurt that he cannot easily change his mind.
said Sabina, who understood her heart.
“Amy, if you really hate it… … .”
“2 people.”
Amy stopped talking.
“Two pass. Otherwise I won’t.”
In the exam for 10 students to graduate, there was a big difference between 1 and 2 students, but no one objected.
“okay. Let’s go with two people. don’t worry too much you know? We will win unconditionally.”
Instead of answering, Amy glared at Cayden at the study meeting.
‘I will never forgive you.’
After Nade finished reconciling their opinions, and took the women in, Eruki, who was left in the hallway, asked Shirone.
“Are you really going to be okay?”
“huh. I’m honestly glad If Amy was included in the rewards and rewards, I… … .”
“No, not that.”
Shirone corrected her expression and looked at Eruki.
“It means graduating two people. Amy didn’t lose her temper either. She must have decided that giving Dorothy and Sabina even room to play the two cards would motivate them to fight for their lives. But you know what? In the graduation exam, you and I are competitors at the end. If the two of them are protected by Fermi, the difficulty of passing will inevitably rise.”
Only then did Shirone realize that and smiled.
“huh. doesn’t care.”
And in the next moment, Shirone’s face became as cold as ice.
“Because I’m waiting for that day to come as soon as possible.”
Eruki felt a chill chill as he watched Shirone’s back as she returned to the study group.
‘Fermi, so far everything has been going your way… … .’
Eruki, who entered last, closed the door.
‘Shirone really won’t be easy.’
* * *
Ten hours had elapsed since the consultation began.
The faces of the 12 people were full of fatigue, and the lower eyes were gradually getting sunburned.
Hercy, who recorded all the issues that had been decided, moved on to the last agenda.
“All that remains now is fine-tuning. Any comments?”
Nade said as if he had been waiting.
“Even if there is a dead person, I will not ask for any responsibility.”
The voice was not high, but the aggression against the opponent’s team reached its peak.
“good. We’re the same, so let’s discuss this right away.”
Hersi, who writes on paper, recalled what Fermi had told her before coming to Istas.
“Arman? What is it?”
said Fermi, frowning.
“It’s Shirone’s object. If possible, it would be better to leave it disabled for this scramble royale. No, it is essential.”
“essential? Is it such a powerful object?”
“It’s not dangerous.”
When Fermi said it was dangerous, he meant it was really dangerous.
“With a weapon that powerful, the opponent would never give up, right? Can we come to an agreement?”
Fermi laughed and pointed at Hercy.
“In that case, I suggest this.”
After thinking, Hersey said.
“This time, we propose. Shirone’s Armand cannot be used in Scramble Royale.”
‘I know Armand.’
It was the moment when it was confirmed that Fermi was behind it.
“That is unacceptable.”
Shirone firmly shook her head.
He didn’t want to show any signs of relying on weapons, but he was more eager to destroy his enemies immediately.
“It is an activity that has nothing to do with school. I will use Armand, and if you want to use weapons, feel free to do so as well.”
“If you want to be stubborn, you can’t. But if that happens, we will have no choice but to use the card of conversion.”
Nade snorted.
“What cards do you have to offer? I must have heard something from Fermi, but nothing is worth exchanging for Armand.”
“Is it really so? If I had listened to Fermi, wouldn’t you have listened to Shirone?”
“What are you talking about?”
Hersy raised her index finger and said.
“If Shirone doesn’t use Armand, we won’t use Fermi’s chip either.”
Shirone bit his lip.
‘Alas, there was such a way.’
“Since you already know, it will be quicker to understand. Currently, Fermi has about 10 billion gold worth of magic. By the way, the magic that Fermi has used so far is expensive, at least a few million gold. Let me tell you, if you use Armand, Fermi is at his mercy and he is ready to give all his chips to the combined team.”
Shirone came out strong.
“joy! Let’s see… … .”
“Yes, I heard that it is a great weapon. But even so, you can’t lead the game alone. On the other hand, all six of us will be strengthened.”
‘Hersey’s words have some truth. Force is necessary, but it is not a game more important than teamwork.’
This is because there is a rule in place to block force if defeated by Kang.
Also, if you take out Armand, you have to fight against an allied team that uses magic worth 10 billion gold.
“I’ll start reconciling opinions. See everyone.”
Shirone held the 11th secret meeting with the team members.
“As you’ve heard, you’ll need to revise your strategy the first time. I never thought Fermi would be so interested in Istas… … .”
Nade touched his chin and said.
“From the beginning, we expected that the alliance team would taboo Eruki’s cancellation. Eden’s defense magic is the natural enemy. But it’s Armand… … .”
“If it’s worth 10 billion gold, it’s sure to be a match where our side is dragged. Which one is more efficient?”
The only one who could judge was Shirone, who perfectly knew Armand’s function.
“Let’s accept it. The magic of 10 billion gold definitely doesn’t taste good. But not under this condition.”
Eruki clearly pointed it out.
“Then, do you think Armand’s efficiency is higher? If it’s for our safety, we don’t have to worry about it.”
“no. As Hercy said, I think the balance is right. I mean let’s stab some more. I don’t remember, but if Fermi saw Armand’s ability in Undercoder… … .”
Shirone had insight into the unknown probability.
“Even if it means a little more loss, I will choose to ban Armand. If it’s Fermi’s personality.”
said Nade.
“The maximum is higher. okay. So why not ban Eden naked?”
Sabina said.
“But that’s just one way of implementing magic, right? It’s like banning Dorothy’s Hickory. If we risk our legitimacy and fall, there is room for us to be attacked as well.”
“There are more important things than that.”
said Amy.
“Anyway, if Eruki’s cancellation isn’t taboo, there’s a way to check Eden’s defense magic. Rather, what will help us in this situation is to seal the Ahnchal’s Demonic Eye.”
Sabina asked.
“But the eye patch didn’t come off even during the graduation exam, right? Will you really break the seal in Scramble Royale?”
“It is not a matter of probability. If there is even a 1% margin, there will be confusion in judgment at the decisive moment. So it’s better to seal it now. Especially because the temples have many secrets.”
Anchal’s origin was the Jincheon Empire across the sea, with a completely different culture from the place where Shirone and his party lived.
Kashan, who occupied the western and central continents, and Gustaf in the eastern continent, Jincheon in the east, and the emperors of these three empires were the three emperors who currently ruled the world.
“Anchal’s major is mental magic, and her affiliate is welcome. However, unlike Arin, it is unfamiliar because it is grafted with Eastern technology.”
If Arin fundamentally infiltrates the opponent’s mind, Anchal shocks them from the outside with an illusion close to reality.
To borrow the words of the scout at the graduation exam, it was a strength equivalent to death, the fourth level of the survival test, and if she made a blade of illusion and stabbed it, it meant that the spirit would be shocked with the strength of the fourth level ‘cutting down’ that Shirone had passed.
“Anchal’s illusion magic is closer to omnipotence than omniscience. If the seal inside the demon’s eye is broken, the strength won’t be level 4.”
You have to deal with such an illusion for 7 days.
Considering the number of students in the graduating class who passed the 4th stage ‘cut down’ at the time of the survival test, it was better to block it.
“good. It seals the magic eye of the eye.”
After agreeing, Shirone returned to the study group and proposed to Hercy.
“I will accept it. However, I’ll bet on unlocking the seal on the eyes. If you accept that, I will also ban the use of Armand.”
The facial expression, which had not changed until now, frowned.
‘I was trying to break the seal.’
While Eruki was certain, Hercy looked back at her eyesight and asked her intentions.
“What are you going to do?”
Anchal, who quickly corrected his expression, nodded.
“good. I had no intention of breaking the seal anyway.”
I thought it was better.
‘Scramble Royale isn’t everything. Even if I win here, I have to fight the Golden Ring again.’
Then the bell announcing midnight rang.
“This is the end of the discussion. If you have anything more to add, tell me now. I’m going to type it on my jersey now.”
Hersy asked, taking out a piece of paper and a pen.
“doesn’t exist. Now all that remains is to stick.”
After 12 hours of intense discussion, there was nothing left to say.
There were parts that were regrettable, but there were also parts that benefited, so most of them were satisfied with this negotiation.
When Hersey wrote down the issues on Judge’s paper, a whopping 48 memos piled up.
“Then let’s begin.”
Hersie, who took turns putting the paper into his jersey, entered the last record and pressed the lens that looked like a buzzer.
A blue light flashed from the lens with a clicking sound, and Lulu’s voice was converted into an electrical signal in everyone’s head, and it was plugged in in an instant.
Scramble Royale begins.
waiting time. 10 hours 58 minutes 32 seconds.
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 569 - Reaction and Response (1) 1.txt
===============================
[569] Reaction and response (1)
Alpheas Magic School. 3rd Logistics Warehouse.
The 6 members of Shirone’s team, who woke up early in the morning, gathered at the entrance of the site where Istas could be seen.
Senior assessments may be going on, but there were personal rewards and costs involved in addition to self-esteem issues, so no one was absent.
“Everyone will be confused, but let’s focus on the confrontation first.”
All resolutions were over.
“The confrontation period is 7 days. If you stick with it today, you can roughly guess its capabilities. Let’s think about the aftermath after that.”
After Nade’s opening speech, Amy asked.
“What is your strategy?”
Eruki said.
“It’s impossible to control 6 allies in response to the reactions of 6 people. First of all, it’s an exploration game. However, Master Card cannot be stolen.”
Syrone added.
“It was decided that the outside of the field would also be a forfeit, so make sure to check the area of the battlefield.”
Sabina asked.
“Still, isn’t it better to decide the first scramble? Black, white, random.”
Shirone said.
“Allied teams will choose random. Even if you catch the line (?) in the first stage, if the opponent catches the line, it’s a draw. Conversely, if you choose Evil (●), you will be at a disadvantage for 2 hours.”
Dorothy added.
“From the second round, you have to think about the team composition. Even if you open two random cards (ⓡⓡ), the chance of getting heresy (●●) is 1 in 4. In other words, since there are 6 of us, at least 1 of us should be able to catch heretics.”
Syrone sorted it out.
“The most important thing in the beginning is not to miss the scramble. Depending on the coordinates, it could be disadvantageous.”
“I can know where the opponent is.”
As Dorothy opened the Spirit Zone, Eruki asked.
“It was Joner. How much can you expand?”
“If you drop the density completely, the maximum is 1 kilometer in diameter. But it’s barely enough to distinguish between humans and non-living things.”
Even if it was Joner, she was a manipulator, and it was a field where John’s precision was given priority over size.
“By the way, the spirit zone when I manipulate Hickory is approximately 50 meters in diameter. I thought it would be better to inform them in advance.”
This meant that the hickory could not be manipulated without precision enough to reduce a kilometer in diameter to 50 meters.
After switching to sniper mode, Dorothy rotated the straight spirit zone to locate the enemies.
Unlike Amy, who rotates dozens of times per second, it took 20 minutes just to look at 360 degrees.
However, changing the 1 kilometer diameter spirit zone into a straight line was impossible without Joner.
‘There is Sona’s Hercy in the alliance team. Searching has to be faster than us.’
Dorothy said while Eruki was lost in thought.
“Six people are gathered at a point seven kilometers to the east.”
“Then let’s go in the opposite direction. The first scramble must be collected. The more test subjects, the better.”
“How do we know where each other is?”
“Scramble will be summoned every 2 hours, and if you check the current status of the cards you have collected, you will be able to find out its approximate location.”
Sabina licked her lips.
‘It would have been nice if Dante also participated.’
It would be perfect if there was a telecommunications wizard, but it was a luxury to ask for anything other than cage level.
“good. Then let’s go.”
When six people cast space movement at the same time, the flashes gathered in the sky scattered in all directions.
Scrumble Royale wait time of 10 minutes.
* * *
‘I think there’s about 3 minutes left.’
Arriving at the start coordinates, Shirone calmed her nerves by holding a ceremony.
It was better to proceed with the sequence to some extent, as I didn’t know if I would have to use Sibulsang Explosion from the beginning.
‘The primary goal is to collect scrambles from the nearest place. But in some cases, you may have to run a long distance.’
At that time, Lulu’s voice was pierced into my brain as an electrical signal.
“Scramble Royale has begun.”
Shirone’s eyes flashed.
Grabbing the summoned master card and turning the screen with my thumb, a screen with coordinates appeared.
Exactly 12 coordinates were recorded in XYZ format.
After recalling a virtual map, he quickly entered 12 coordinates, and after obtaining an image from it, Shirone checked the coordinates of the nearest place.
‘X-271, Y-373, Z-8. It’s the 9th training ground.’
Once the destination was decided, the body moved on its own, and the information that had been put in was gradually analyzed in the head.
‘The shape of a circle with the right side slightly distorted. But the distribution is close to the average.’
It is impossible to guarantee whether the position where scramble will be summoned will be fair in the next round.
However, under certain rules, after about three days, Eruki would be able to figure out the equation.
After checking the master card, Shirone opened her eyes wide when she saw that two coordinates disappeared almost simultaneously.
‘Did you collect it already?’
Arriving at the safest place to land by moving through space, Shirone looked at the master card again while running to the coordinates.
‘Five.’
Out of 12, 5 coordinates had already disappeared.
‘It hasn’t even been five minutes. Is it the humanity of probability?’
When I flipped the screen, a ⓡ (random card) sign appeared on the status of Eruki, Amy, Hercy, and Anchal.
‘As expected, they all chose random.’
In the meantime, when I confirmed that another coordinate had disappeared, my nervousness reached its peak.
“damn!”
As Shirone jumped off the ground and cast teleportation, an intense flash of light bent and passed through the dense forest.
* * *
“This concludes the PvP morning evaluation. Everyone, have a good lunch and see you in the afternoon.”
Binder raised his hand.
“What about those who are not participating in the interpersonal battle today?”
Although he is a brilliant talent with a theoretical score of 100, he has fallen to 26th place due to the strong skills of this year’s senior competitor.
Especially today, the opponent in the interpersonal battle was almost giving up because it was a powerful eye.
Head teacher Collie said as she entered the anti-personnel combat training ground.
“If you can’t attend until the afternoon, it’s a failure.”
A fire flashed in the eyes of some of the students.
‘Please don’t come.’
A total of 11 students failed to attend the morning evaluation. At this rate, most students will get 3 points for the bye.
“Fermi, don’t you know anything?”
Collie asked, but Fermi only shrugged.
“Why do you ask me that?”
It was a fact that Collie knew that two members of the gold ring were absent, but there was no way to do it consistently without knowing.
‘Anyway, students are free to participate in the senior class evaluation. In this case, it will be recorded in the report as non-attendance, but… … .’
“Maybe I ate something wrong yesterday? It must have upset the stomach as a group, heck.”
Richard of Alchemy shook his shoulders and laughed.
“Go and have lunch.”
After saying that, Collie turned around and headed for the principal’s office.
‘It’s Scramble Royale.’
* * *
“found.”
Shirone found a glowing scramble the size of a fist hanging from a tree outside the training ground.
‘The remaining coordinates… … .’
After the initial coordinates quickly disappeared, collection was sluggish, so there were still 4 coordinates left.
‘Three if I collect. Initially choose random. But before that, check… … .’
Grabbing the sphere of light, it turned into a genuine card.
– Once scramble is collected, it cannot be transferred to other participants.
Shirone cried out in his heart.
‘random!’
There was no reaction, and it was converted to a random card after 1 second, as per the existing rules.
“Neither can you.”
It seemed that he could not arbitrarily select a random card in the pure card state.
In fact, it is automatically converted when you have it, but it was an important problem for Shirone.
This is because if a random card could be selected at will, it could be restored to its pure state using the Poem of Buddhahood.
‘I confirmed this, and the next step is to return the open card to a random state.’
As I was quickly raising the sequence of events to unleash the blast, I heard a voice in my head.
“All scrambles have been collected and destroyed. There is 1 hour 38 minutes and 12 seconds until the next summon.”
Shirone postponed the experiment and checked the Master Card.
“Whoa, that’s good.”
Everyone on the team had obtained one copy, and as promised, all of them were selected randomly.
Shirone next checked the collection status of the coalition team.
‘As expected, this is also a lan… … huh?’
There was a ⓡ mark next to all five names, but only Eden’s name was marked as ○ (white card).
‘Choose a bag. Tier 1 is the best. But it will be reversed in an hour and a half?’
A thought popped into my mind.
‘no way… … ?’
Before I could finish my thoughts, the bushes rustled and someone appeared.
“I finally met you.”
The light of murderous intent lit up in Shirone’s eyes as well.
“Kayden.”
Cayden of the Cross Castle was holding down his family’s weapon, the cross sword.
He, who must have obtained a scramble quickly and found only Shirone, approached, scratching the ground with the tip of his sword.
“Looks like you chose random. My card is also random.”
Even if it was the same random, the risky one was the Shirone that hadn’t opened yet.
‘Kayden must have been opened at the same time as the collection. Because there is no reason to keep random cards.’
However, it was a situation where a slight delay occurred because Shirone had to experiment with the Buddha statue explosion.
‘Shall we open now? But then I have to wait more than an hour until the next experiment. If I receive Kang in this state, what will happen to my open card?’
Will it open automatically or will it open and close?
Maybe that could be another experiment, but Caden said something unexpected.
“Do you think I will call Caen?”
“… … .”
“Anyway, the first card. It doesn’t make any sense. so i found you I can beat you regardless of your hand.”
Cayden raised his sword and pointed it at Shirone.
“Let’s get it right for now.”
The reason she was willing to accept Cayden’s provocation was that Shirone was also angry.
“I would have told you.”
Cayden’s nose twisted little by little as he carefully examined the photon cannon that floated around Shirone.
At first glance, the photon’s compressive power was incomparable to before.
“I will not forgive you if you disturb me.”
The photon cannon turned into a flash of light and flew out, and Cayden left afterimages to the right.
‘Incredibly fast. Is it a schema?’
It was difficult to keep up with Kayden’s movements as he bypassed the training ground as if rails were laid on the ground.
“Oohhh!”
The cross sword bent like recklessness, but each trajectory was obviously fatal.
‘Broad!’
Hit by the curtain of light, Cayden gritted his teeth and raised his head.
Before he knew it, 16 red dots were stamped on his face.
“Homing Photon Cannon.”
“Keugh!”
Cayden ran with a swift motion like a swallow at the bending flash, but he could not escape the Seeker’s pursuit.
“Shirone… … !”
He stopped, pushing the ground, and when he clench his teeth, red energy rose and condensed into the shape of a cross.
What you get at the cost of sacrificing fate is the best talent to reach your goal.
“Shirone!”
As Cayden swung his sword, the homing photon cannon bounced in all directions with a thud.
Every time he bounced one, his legs were pushed 1 meter away, and after all 16 bounces, his position was 20 meters further than the first time.
“Big!”
Cayden, who endured the shock with his face contorted, glared at Shirone terribly.
‘Monstrous power. This is the Photon Cannon.’
The blade of the cross sword reflected light, but it felt like the bones in my fingers were being crushed by the impact of the mass.
‘How dare you treat Maya… … ! My muse!’
Cayden recalled Maya’s face and gripped the sword tightly again, revealing the whites.
“Kill you!”
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 570 - Reaction and Response (2).txt
===============================
[570] Reaction and response (2)
As Cayden’s body blurred, Shirone saw an empty training ground.
It was a speed that could not be caught up without Armand’s strengthening of nerves.
‘Was he this strong?’
In my senior year, I didn’t even know that I was handling a sword.
And when it came to holding the sword, Cayden’s skill was incomparable to that of Cayden’s magic.
‘This is just a prosecutor!’
A wide curtain spread, but Cayden pierced through it and swung his sword.
“die!”
The blade that had grazed Shirone’s throat disappeared again.
Shirone, who cast the shotgun movement, moved with 8 flashes of light, but Cayden arrived and was waiting.
Grabbing Shirone’s head, Cayden charged with ferocious force and slammed his face into the trunk of a tree.
“die! die!”
Pulling Shirone with all his might, he stretched out his arm ready to crush her skull.
“Die!”
bang!
The trunk of the tree cracked open, and Shirone’s eyes gleamed as he hit his forehead.
‘Poems of fire!’
1 second ago.
“Die!”
As the trunk of the tree quickly approached her eyes, Shirone compressed the photon into her hand and swung her arm.
With a bang, the tree trunk snapped in the middle.
“what… … !”
As Cayden’s center of gravity tilted forward, Shirone twisted and pierced Cayden’s abdomen with a single photon cannon.
“Gagging!”
Feeling the impact of being hit by a hammer, Cayden’s body flew all the way to the center of the training ground.
After wiping the blood from her forehead, Shirone rolled backwards a few times, then struck the ground with her sword and glared at the crouching Cayden.
“This child… … ! Gagging!”
Cayden’s eyes shifted from focus, and he vomited blood.
‘damn! What happened?’
What was more unbelievable than the shock was the strange question that was now floating in my mind.
‘I didn’t feel any discomfort.’
The battle unfolded naturally, so the current result is acceptable.
‘That’s the problem. That it’s natural.’
I thought I had already secured my victory, but before I knew it, I was the one who suffered damage.
‘I’m sure there won’t be a shock to the head.’
If a swordsman’s standard against a mage is to disrupt his concentration, the best vital point is his head.
It is one of two things to have a counterattack of conversion in a situation where the brain has already been shocked several times.
Whether it’s mental durability or some kind of ability.
Normally, the former would have a high probability, but Cayden, who had a sixth sense, could not ignore the second option.
‘What the hell is that?’
A radiance of light shimmered from Shirone’s body.
* * *
“The 3rd scramble has been summoned.”
“The coordinates… … .”
Eruki saved it in his head as if taking a picture of the screen with a quick glance.
‘It’s the 2,000th training ground.’
That’s the nearest coordinate.
However, before casting teleportation, Eruki stopped walking and looked up at the sky.
“… … .”
In some cases, there are times when you have to make a choice even if you are not sure.
‘Once bitten, there is no going back.’
Eruki turned over the master card screen and checked the status of all participants.
Like Shirone, most of them collected two random cards.
It is standard to choose random when the value of the hand is relatively low, but there were also a few people who chose black and white for the second card.
‘It’s like betting Caen on the 3rd section or watching until the 4th.’
I understand so far, but the problem is this.
Eden’s hand is ○○ (saint).
It may be too early to judge, but only she collected white cards again without choosing random.
‘Maybe he’s thinking about a match in the third division.’
Eruki casted space movement.
‘It can’t be.’
The place he was heading to was not the coordinates of the scramble he would acquire, but the place where Eden was supposed to be.
‘It’s not the time to collect scrambles.’
When the cards were collected, the current status was recorded on each master card and the coordinates disappeared, so they roughly guessed the location of Eden.
‘Of course there may be no Eden. But it’s worth it.’
Because Eden will collect white cards again.
○○○○○○ (infinite), the strongest loser in Scramble Royale.
It was a strategy to collect all six white cards within today and destroy the opponent’s scramble from tomorrow.
‘According to the strategy, even if we destroy only one card per order, our team will lose 36 cards for the remaining 6 days.’
Also, the reason this strategy is possible is that she is a specialist in defensive magic with zero attack power.
‘You think you can protect it until the end. After all, she’s non-violent, so there’s no need to hang Kang.’
That’s the big picture of the united team.
The collection of cards had to be prevented before Eden collected six and was granted a free roll.
‘This is the point.’
A scramble was shining in the center of the iron bar of the bridge that could not be crossed.
At the same time, Eden, who had arrived by teleportation, appeared on the other side of the bridge.
‘bingo!’
Although it was impossible to see each other’s eyes from a distance, the atmosphere created by the situation was conveyed through the air.
‘It’s a speed battle!’
Two flashes of light shot out and curved down the center of the impassable bridge.
‘Atomic Spring.’
Upon arriving, Eden casts a defensive magic as Eruki explodes around the scramble.
‘Saint Barrier.’
The spirit zone emitted a white glow, pushing back the flames of the explosion.
‘Sheesh, isn’t it okay to do it right away?’
The Servant, Eruki, is much faster than other detonation mages in calculating equations, but if it was powerful enough to destroy Eden’s defenses, it was something to think about.
Eden stood up on the iron bar of the impassable bridge with both legs together.
“I didn’t collect scramble.”
“Because other people’s scrambles look bigger.”
He replied as a joke, but Eden’s expression grew colder.
“Eruki of the Servant. I admit quick judgment, but can you push me away?”
The brilliance of Saint Barrier shone even more brilliantly.
‘Certainly picky.’
Defense wizards usually have numerous defense countermeasures by property and skill, but the magic of Eden, the cleric, was only Saint Barrier.
The fact that a single defensive magic can block all types of attacks means, on the contrary, that it is vulnerable to all types of attacks.
However, it was a different story when it came to the omnipotence of Eden, who is said to be the best believer in the religion of Jordan.
Eden opened his arms as if inviting him in.
“So what are you going to do? are you going to fight me Or why don’t you try it, Kang?”
Eruki laughed bitterly.
“I will not. You won’t get it anyway.”
There is no need to hide the hand at random because he is determined to respond to all Kang with Pao.
‘Anyway, Eden’s attack power is zero. If that’s the case, there’s no reason for me to open my random hand by beating Kang.’
Eden looked at Eruki, who was lost in thought, and slowly moved towards the scramble.
“Then scramble is me… … .”
“Don’t move.”
Eden’s steps stopped again.
‘As expected, he cares.’
Eden’s strategy seems perfect, but there is room for digging.
cancellation.
No matter how powerful the defense magic is, if the battery is canceled, it will inevitably become defenseless.
There’s no way that Hercy didn’t think about canceling or Armand.
However, the choice of Fermi, who controls Hercy behind the scenes, is Armand in the end.
Even if Eden’s strategy was slightly disrupted, he decided that blocking Armand’s fighting power was the most urgent priority.
‘It hurts my pride a little.’
Eden still didn’t move, but his mouth was alive.
“Do you think you can? One second is enough for me to scramble. I need to analyze my batteries in it.”
“One second. In my head, I went on an overseas trip.”
At that time, when the tension was high, the flash came bent and landed exactly behind Eden.
That alone was able to gauge the opponent’s skill.
“You are late.”
When Eden spoke without looking back, Frings stood up and said.
“I’m sorry. The distance is quite far.”
Eruki’s stomach burned as he laughed.
‘Damn it.’
The probability of getting a scramble was extremely low with Frings, who was ranked 3rd in the graduating class, and Eden with defensive magic.
Eden asked with a more relaxed expression than before.
“how is it? Can I still do this?”
‘This is a promised play.’
It was Hershi’s calculation that if it was Eruki, he would see through it in the beginning and act.
Even so, the reason why he couldn’t pull himself out was because he shouldn’t have Eden collect any more white cards.
In the combination of hands with the best level 6, the saint (○○) and religion (○○○) feel different.
While I was lost in thought, the noise of space movement came from behind Eruki, and Amy landed.
Realizing that it was not the promised play, but realizing that he had the same thoughts, Eruki raised his lips and said.
“You are late.”
“It’s not too late.”
He looked at Amy, who slowly stood up, with the same eyes as Frings, and said.
“You chose the wrong helper. If it’s Amy of the flames, then I’m the Frozen Frings… … .”
Amy stopped talking and held up her Master Card.
“Frings, Kang.”
An electrical signal ran through Frings’ head.
“Amy walked Caen.”
His brain was spinning rapidly in a situation where he would lose if he didn’t decide between kang and pao within one second.
Before arriving, Amy’s hand was ⓡⓡ○, and Frings’ hand was ●○●.
‘Walking Caen with confidence means you’ve captured the Third Reunion? I can’t be certain. Maybe he’s expecting me to shout Pao. It’s a matter of psychology.’
Numerous languages were compressed into a single lump in the realm of feeling and stuck in my brain.
‘There is a 33.3 percent chance that Amy is a member of the Third Division. Even if it’s a draw, it’s an advantage for us.’
If it was a game of probability excluding psychology, it was a figure worth trying.
“Kang.”
When Kang collided with each other, Amy’s random card was revealed on Master Card.
○●○ (Sambuhoe).
“… … .”
Lulu’s signal came in.
“We lost at Caen. The cards in your possession are discarded. No harm can be done to Amy until the next scramble summons.”
Frings, who made a decision in the silence, put his index and middle fingers together to his temple.
“Then, I’m done… … .”
“Don’t stand there, you bastard!”
As Frings teleported away, Amy immediately followed.
Eruki confirmed the direction the two left.
‘The movement match will be close, so it will be difficult to steal the master card.’
Amy can also be called the striker of the Shirone team, but Frings was also a formidable opponent.
“Anyway, now we’re two again. Shall we stick together? Whether your movements are fast or my thoughts are fast.”
Eden kept his mouth shut.
-If you meet Eruki in the beginning… … .
Hersy’s advice lingered in my ears.
– Just give me one piece and throw it away. It’s best not to come into contact with Eruki for 7 days. Because the value of a single card is not higher than the battery being analyzed.
Eden took a slow step back.
“Okay, give it up. But can I take the second one so easily?”
‘It’s probably difficult.’
Knowing that Eruki has started moving, the combined team will design a more complex route.
In the worst case, you may never meet Eden.
‘However, the combined team loses the sum of the distance traveled. I have no choice but to find a way to destroy it.’
As Eden cast space shift and disappeared, Eruki approached Scrumble.
He has currently collected two random cards, and the result of opening is ○●, which is a meaningless full loss, but if you choose 100 here, the third party is complete.
‘Even if you choose random anyway, there’s a 50% chance of catching the third party. Besides, I can completely hide my hand.’
Eruki, who changed the scramble to a random card, opened it right away, and a black card came out, and ●○● (Republic) was completed.
“Haha, I’m smart, but I’m out of luck.”
Anyway, now is not the time to engage, so he put aside his lingering feelings and cast Shining Magic toward the sky three times.
‘It’s a call signal!’
All of the Shirone teams spread across the campus checked the sky and threw themselves.
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 571 - Reaction and Response (3).txt
===============================
[571] Reaction and response (3)
* * *
A closed training ground to the southwest of Alpheas Magic School.
Although it is a training ground that is not in use now, the area of the battlefield was not a position to be disqualified outside the field because it was based on 30 years ago.
When Eruki stopped at a place where conventional training equipment was piled up, the team members arrived one after another.
Amy, who had been chasing after Frings, walked towards me with great courage.
“cadet! It escapes like a real loach! Have you oiled yourself?”
Eruki greeted her and said.
“It was a good play. Thanks to you, I was able to stop Eden.”
“I took the third party and I went. If the hand is unfavorable, it can be counterattacked.”
said Dorothy.
“I collected the scrambles that Rookie gave up.”
They had no means of contact, but they moved organically just by looking at the coordinates and current status.
“So Dorothy has collected four cards?”
“huh. I have the Third Division, and the last card is still open.”
“Try it now. Because I think I need to look at my hand and come up with a strategy.”
Dorothy said, holding out a random card.
“open.”
As black came out, the strongest ○●○● (democracy) in the 4th stage was completed.
“nice. this would do it On the other contestants’ master cards, Dorothy’s current status will appear as ⓡⓡ●ⓡ. If you hit the strongest hand with three random cards, you can bet aggressively.”
Sabina said.
“The problem is Eden. Probably trying to make infinity.”
“That’s why I summoned you. From the next round, give up scramble and find Eden. When you find it, tell me the location with Shining.”
“Are you okay? That’s too much of a loss on our part.”
“know. But let’s hold on for today. Dorothy has captured democracy, so if you cast Kang, you’ll be able to knock out at least one of your enemies. Then you won’t lose much in the number of cards. Besides, Shirone probably wants democracy… … .”
Eruki looked around.
“Has Shirone come yet?”
“huh. Judging from the coordinates, it seems to be on the opposite side of here.”
“But you learned the topography of the hideout in advance. If you cast space shift… … .”
Just then, I heard footsteps outside the training ground.
Everyone looked around cautiously, but Shirone appeared with a tired expression.
“Shirone? What are you like?”
His face was red with the blood that flowed from his forehead, and his body was covered in dust.
Silently passing by her friends, Shirone sat down on a pile of equipment and took a deep breath.
“Are you late? sorry.”
“What happened? Did you even fall off a cliff?”
“Kayden… … I don’t hang kang.”
Everyone who couldn’t understand at once looked back at each other, but Shirone raised her head with wide eyes.
“It seems crazy. They fought for six hours.”
My friends put on puzzled faces.
“You’ve been fighting all this time? What about scramble?”
“I kept collecting. But somehow they found me right away.”
“It’s Hercy’s ability.”
Sona’s positioning can be said to be the strongest among the series.
“so… … How are you dealing with me? It looks like you’re injured.”
Shirone touched his forehead.
“At first I was embarrassed because it was a prosecutor. But after that, I think it’s worth doing. Of course, it’s a search battle, so we’ll have to stick together to find out.”
Cayden’s use of a sword was something that could not be seen even in the graduation exam, so I couldn’t get a sense of it just by hearing Shirone’s words.
‘Fermi’s party are all professional level wizards. If I had only dealt with him with a sword, I’d have room to watch him a little longer.’
Shirone raised her head.
‘How was it anyway? What about Eden?’
Shirone was also guessing the enemy’s strategy.
“I blocked it. And you have to keep blocking. For now, Dorothy has completed democracy.”
Eruki explained the operation.
“Eden is now a saint (○○). If we have only three cards, we win unconditionally, unless we lose completely. However, don’t bet Kang. She won’t fight anyway.”
If she breaks with non-violence, the omnipotence of the mighty defense will weaken.
“From the next round onwards, their movements will become more complicated. On the contrary, Hercy will find out where we are.”
said Dorothy.
“When we’re together like now, even Hersy won’t be able to know exactly. But you can’t summon every order, can you?”
Eruki nodded and turned to Shirone.
“In that sense… … How did that go?”
Shirone pulled out a card.
“I currently have three cards. All of them were selected at random, and now it’s the third round (○●○).”
Nade raised an eyebrow.
“How many times have you turned it?”
“Three times at the end. Black appeared twice in a row.”
confirmed with this
Poems and Misfortunes can randomly return a confirmed card.
“Come to think of it, one second is a fairly long time.”
“yes. Originally, judgment is made at zero seconds. Anyway, if you can only collect scrambles, you can have the strongest hand.”
Sabina asked.
“What are you talking about? What happened to your hair?”
Nade put his hand on Sabina’s shoulder.
“I’ll tell you later. So far we have an advantage. Let’s block Eden’s poison today, and prepare countermeasures tomorrow.”
Eruki said.
“Since we can’t collect scrambles, Shirone and Dorothy actively bet Kang.”
“okay.”
Lulu’s voice was heard.
“There are 10 minutes left until the 4th scramble summons.”
* * *
“Principal, this is Pandora.”
As I knocked on the door of the principal’s office and waited, I heard Alfeas’ voice.
“Come in.”
Alpheas, assistant principal Olivia, and graduating class head teacher Collie were all in the principal’s office.
It was unusual, but Pandora guessed that it had something to do with the large absence of students today.
It also had nothing to do with the reason she came.
“Thank you for taking the time to interview me.”
“It is natural. So, what did you ask to see?”
Pandora took a deep breath and approached the desk.
“I hope you completely review the fairness of the senior class evaluation.”
Teachers were silent.
Pandora specializes in scent magic.
At one time, he was a promising player competing for first and second place with Boyle in the advanced class, but he was now in 23rd place due to the joining of Shirone’s team and Dante’s team and strong senior class competitors.
“I have no complaints about my low rank. It’s because I’m ugly. but… … How could this be?”
Her question is valid.
“During the vacation, I took time to research the data. We also collected data from the five most prestigious families in the kingdom.”
“Pandora… … .”
Olivia tried to speak, but kept her mouth shut.
“Do you know how the numbers came out? The average ability of the graduating class of Alpheas Magic School is 3.8 times higher than the average of the other 5 prestigious schools. The average is 3.8 times.”
It was a situation that the teacher society was already aware of.
“This is absurd. Alpheas Magic School is having a much tougher competition than the Royal Magic School, which has 20 graduates. Increase Tio, or… … .”
“It is not that simple.”
Alpheas said.
“Tio is not simply decided. Because in any school, there are cases where talented people gather in a year.”
“Even the principal knows!”
Pandora’s voice rose.
“It’s not just this year. Team Fermi, Frings, Anchal, and Eden are all skills that should have already become pros. Last year, Anchal didn’t even break the seal on Majeongan. That he has no intention of graduating.”
Collie said.
“But that is a personal decision.”
“Of course it is. However, I think it is definitely a problem that such talented people accumulate in the graduating class every year. If you examine the records of Alpheas Magic School, the graduation rate of those in the upper ranks from 7 years ago is less than 30%. It is obviously an abnormal figure, and it means that the circulation structure of graduates has collapsed for some reason.”
“Surely so.”
Alpheas said.
“But Pandora, there is a logical leap in your argument. You shouldn’t combine the low graduation rate of top students with the high average skill of this year’s graduates. The reason this year’s graduating class’ ability is so high is because the ability of the freshmen is rather strong. The freshmen who were on the same line as you.”
Sophistry doesn’t work either.
In fact, aren’t Dante, Amy, and Eruki competing at the top?
Pandora’s eyes watered as she bit them.
“Honestly too… … It is difficult.”
The teachers’ eyes softened.
“You may feel cowardly, but I don’t think it’s really fair. Is it so wrong to want to at least compete with other prestigious schools? If this is the case, no one will want to enter Alpheas Magic School.”
That, too, is a matter of individual judgment, but Olivia kept her mouth shut this time as well.
A student who has steadily followed the elite course, fighting for the top spot from the lower class.
The 23rd place in the graduating class was probably the first number she had ever received in her life.
“Yes, Pandora. I’m at the teacher’s association… … .”
“There is a problem.”
Alpheas interrupted Olivia.
“There are always and everywhere problems.”
Pandora raised her sore eyes.
“Alpheas Magic School might be wrong. But, Pandora, it won’t be a matter of your graduation. Because everyone in the senior class is competing on the same issue. When I thought of you, there is only one problem with you.”
Alpheas sighed and said.
“It’s just that in the year you take the graduation exam, there are too many people who are better than you.”
Real competition begins the moment you accept that reality isn’t fair.
That is why everyone except Pandora is fighting in silence.
“It sounds cruel, but you know that, right? The only world that listens to you saying what you want is a dream. Organizations cannot work for individuals. It’s not that I can’t, it’s that I can’t. That’s why you have to make a choice to achieve what you want. Fight the school on behalf of the majority, or fight yourself. Any resolution other than that is nothing more than a delusion. do you understand You are a wizard too.”
“… … yes.”
We must overcome.
Because someone is overcoming it and running towards success.
Looking at the sad Pandora, Collie thought.
‘It’s a disgustingly cruel, F*cking competitive system.’
“Thank you for your time. Let’s go.”
When Pandora left after a gloomy greeting, the three teachers finally expressed their sincerity.
“There is a point in what Pandora said.”
Olivia was the first to comment.
“I think this year’s senior year is too hot.”
Collie, who is in charge of the senior class, said.
“It’s because the talent continues to accumulate. It is said that it is based on individual student judgment, but honestly, at this point, even that is ambiguous. What about the teachers’ association?”
“I’m ignoring it even though I know it. You don’t want to bring it to the surface.”
“Estas.”
Alpheas said.
“Professional-level players are aiming for Eastas and staying at school. The talented players piled up one by one, and then it exploded this year. With large rookies flocking in droves. No wonder Pandora feels deprived.”
Olivia sighed.
“Knowing that, you speak so cruelly? Please calm down and send it.”
“If there was room for improvement, we did it right away. But you know what? The teachers’ association won’t change their minds.”
Olivia sighed.
“Miro is already out in the world. Now we have to close down Estas.”
“I was thinking. But the students were one step faster.”
Collie said.
“Scramble Royale has begun. The 12 people I reported to during the day are currently participating in the war.”
“They’re like troublemakers.”
Alfeas stood up and looked out the window.
“What if I stop Scramble Royale?”
“It gets pretty complicated. The teachers’ association will take the students’ side unconditionally and schools will be closed. This is a matter of world politics. Kashan, the Order of Yore, the Kingdom of Tormia, and especially Anchal are almost certain to be spies of the Jincheon Empire, so the correct answer is to keep quiet and shut it down next year.”
Collie stroked her throbbing hair.
“Fermi’s Ardino family is also a problem. Anyway, you have to endure until the graduation exam.”
Alpheas let out a dejected laugh.
“This will be the best graduation exam in school history.”
Olivia added.
“Or, it becomes the worst graduation exam.”
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 572 - Reaction and Response (4) 1.txt
===============================
[572] Reaction and response (4)
* * *
At the point where Shirone and the others summoned the team, the combined team also gathered at the hideout to discuss future plans.
Like Shirone, Cayden was the last to arrive.
“… … What a mess.”
From Hercy’s point of view, Cayden’s condition was seriously bad.
His clean face was covered in blood, covered in dirt from head to toe.
“Where is Shirone now?”
Hersey shook her head.
“Strategy has changed. Now you are actively participating in the game.”
“I refuse. I would have promised The first day is to give me a free roll. I haven’t had a fight with Shirone yet.”
“I know that, but Eden’s strategy was discovered too early. you know? If you lose the game, you have to pay the price.”
Cayden gritted his teeth.
“I’m giving Eden a free roll sooner than expected. I will also intensively search for Eruki’s location. The opponent will try to ruin our cards. In the meantime, we need someone to collect scrambles from the enemy camp.”
Fishaw raised his hand.
“I do.”
Insect magic was perfect for collecting scattered scrambles.
“good. Those who remain will support Eden once scramble is secured. If you make the strongest hand within the third day, the game is over.”
“Damn it. I could have killed you.”
As Cayden muttered, Hercy only then showed interest.
‘Hmm, even though I used the sword, did you mean I couldn’t subdue Shirone?’
There are people who apply schema even in magic schools, but Cayden is not at that level.
A sword prodigy who graduated from the Kaizen Swords Academy at the age of 14 with top honors.
It was a skill enough to be a commander even if you go to the battlefield right now.
‘Stupid. What about art… … .’
Seeing that he gave up a life where he could thrive while receiving the protection of the sword family, the Cross family, and entered magic school, he wondered if there really was such a thing as destiny.
“Okay, how are you? After dealing with Shirone.”
As Cayden’s grumbling faded, his expression grew serious.
I still hate it, but to be honest, it was admirable.
“It was pretty. I can see why Fermi is keeping him in check.”
“Hoo.”
It was the first time he had acknowledged anyone in combat other than Fermi.
“But it felt a little strange.”
“Is it strange? What is it?”
Fatigue from fighting until late is the same for everyone, but Hersey didn’t overlook even a small factor.
“What should I say? Should I say that he dodged my attack?”
Hersh relaxed his eyelids.
“That’s Shirone’s movement… … .”
“I know, I am the best in school. But it’s not like that.”
“I don’t understand. Please tell me exactly.”
“So it’s kind of a feeling. There was no discomfort in the battle, but every time Shirone avoided my attack, I thought, ‘How?’”
Cayden, racking his brains and searching for an explanation, raised his head.
“Yes, at some point the tide turns. The battle progresses with the feeling that “this is enough to win”, but at the decisive moment, the situation is reversed. If Shirone is strong, I shouldn’t have thought ‘I can win’ from the beginning.”
“Hmm… … .”
Hersey tilted her head and touched her chin.
“Ambiguous. Was there anything unusual about it?”
Cayden recalled the battle.
“I can’t be sure because the decisive moment didn’t come out a few times, but I think the light came from my body.”
Eden objected.
“Shirone’s major is light. No matter what kind of magic you cast, the light will always appear.”
“It is, but… … .”
“Is it a sixth sense?”
Hersy thought Cayden was right.
If his specialty, the precise sixth sense, hadn’t been activated, he wouldn’t have even thought of this in the first place.
“I guess I need to do some more research. Cayden continues to cover Shirone. can you do it?”
“I already tried. Tell me where you are.”
Hersy said with a straight face.
“I asked if I could. You seem to have struggled quite a bit today, but if you lose your strength… … .”
“It was just a search battle.”
Caden said with nonchalant eyes.
“Shirone will die by my hand sooner or later.”
A smile spread across Hersie’s lips.
‘I should hope so.’
* * *
Day 2 of Scramble Royale.
Thanks to her struggle to stop Eden’s card collection the night before, Shirone and the others were able to keep her hand tied to ○○ (Saint).
It was thanks to the rule that it was impossible to transfer without directly collecting scrambles.
However, he had to bear the loss as well, but Fisho quickly collected the scrambles that Shirone and the others had given up and collected all six cards.
Even so, Eruki did not give up on the existing strategy.
“The most important rule in a black-and-white match is ‘The winner of Caen does not waste a card.’ What does this mean?”
said Amy.
“The team that combines the strongest hand first has an overwhelming advantage.”
“that’s right. That’s why we prevent the collection of Eden even at the cost of it. The enemies have also seen through our strategy, so it will be more complicated from today.”
“So that’s why we gathered here.”
The starting point of the second day for Shirone and the others was in front of the Central Administration Building, the center of the territory.
“The number of scrambles is 12. Let’s learn from the closest one. If we erase the direction first, the enemy won’t be able to calculate the route.”
“It seems that a knife wielded while blindfolded is more difficult to dodge.”
Sabina said.
“I leave it to chance and make the reaction incalculable. But what if Eden takes a big turn?”
“At that time, I had no choice but to give one and think again. Blocking it with Saint yesterday was a big deal.”
Lulu’s message that Scrumble was summoned permeated.
“Okay, here we go!”
Six flashes flew in different directions.
* * *
‘I found it, scramble.’
With a hickory over her shoulder, Dorothy entered Training Field 4, not far from her senior year.
The moment I checked the scramble stuck in the cracks of the rocks on the outskirts and threw my body, I felt an eerie chill.
‘danger.’
As soon as Dorothy stopped, sharp ice flowers bloomed around the scramble.
“Sorry. It’s a joke.”
Frings approached with a grinning smile.
“It’s not a joke. Because I met you, a furry dog.”
Frings, who was ripped off by Amy’s kang last night, now has two cards.
The hand recorded on the Master Card was ○●, and it was a strategy to openly aim for a third-level hand with a full loss.
“Of course I am dog hair.”
Last night, Dorothy, who destroyed the temple with ○●○● (Democracy), added one random card, and the current status was ○●○●ⓡ.
It was a fairly favorable condition, but it was something to think about betting Kang on Frings, who was defeated anyway.
‘Is breaking a full deck more important than revealing a 5th level random card?’
Frings asked as if blocking his thoughts.
“Kang. Aren’t you going to walk?”
“I’ll walk. When it gets dangerous.”
Frings was third in seniority and was a battle mage.
‘Could it be that I’m losing?’
In ○●○● (Democracy), the only tiles that can be combined in the next step are ●○●○● (Revolution).
Therefore, if Dorothy’s random card is a white, there is no reason for Frings to lose because she is full.
‘I’m curious. I’d rather be Caen, but… … .’
Frings stroked his mustache softly.
‘If it’s a revolution, then I’m an asshole again.’
It was a specification to be treated as a marginalized person any longer.
“If you don’t want to bet Kang on that side… … Can I attack soon?”
‘Kang is the last resort.’
Dorothy beeped and Hickory slid off her shoulders and landed on the ground.
thud!
It was a heavy resonance that could not be seen as a doll that came down from a fragile body.
“Whoever bets Kang is in my favor. And scramble is non-negotiable.”
Colorful lights burst from Hickory’s rich-toothed mouth.
‘Hickory of the 4th dimension.’
Beep beep.
Frings’s expression did not change even as Hickory performed a ridiculous dance that seemed to move a square.
After bumping into each other for over a year in her senior year, she was fully aware of her control system abilities.
‘Dorothy. It’s an interesting subject.’
A voluptuous haze of ice rose around Frings, and the whole world shimmered as if frozen.
‘Go!’
As Hickory jumped out and swung his orb-steel fist, Frings flew up in a beautiful motion.
snow ice.
The frozen petals whirled and pounded Hickory’s torso.
His major is Freezing, his field is Freezing.
It was a typical battle mage’s skill to attack by shaping ice rather than cryogenic temperatures.
‘Iron and ice. Iron is the top in Sangseong, but… … .’
Frings flew up in a beautiful posture and cast magic.
‘You know I picked the wrong opponent, right?’
There was a series of snaps, and stalactites thicker than ivory gnawed at the hickory from all sides.
‘This is the end.’
Chobakneung.
As Frings swung the capital, thin ice formed in the air and it spread out, occupying the horizontal coordinates.
‘The ultra-thin tomb is even steel.’
The reason why Frings is aiming for Hickory is because he is a mimesis who shares the spirit with Dorothy.
This is a two-way control method in which Dorothy manipulates Hickory, and Hickory manipulates Dorothy’s brain again to manipulate Hickory again. there was
‘Anyway, it’s enough to just dispose of the cans…’
Hickory accelerated Dorothy’s brain as the ultrathin tomb froze the horizon as it approached in an environment that seemed trapped in an ice cave.
The increased computational power was input to Hickory again, and commands were entered taking advantage of the extra time.
‘Iron screwdriver (←↙↓↘→ + attack).’
Command was the only means of controlling Hickory.
Spinning through the ice, Hickory flew to the ceiling and manipulated Dorothy into sending her body into the wall.
“Keugh!”
The shock was great because it was not a voluntary movement, but it was better than having the torso cut off.
‘Hickory. 85% attack propensity.’
Even while Hickory, who switched to the offensive, violently wielded the orb fist, Frings responded calmly.
‘The martial arts have been updated.’
The posture was comical, but not many people could survive the blows of an 85-horsepower engine.
‘Now!’
Dorothy entered the command with her eyes shining.
‘Super rocket punch (→→ + attack, defense).’
The moment I entered the direction of my thoughts in a specific pattern, Hickory held out his right arm.
“Huh!”
As Frings flinched at the roaring fist, the ice barrier that had confined them shattered.
‘That’s a bit dangerous… … .’
Frings, who was looking in the direction of the rocket punch, suddenly stepped back with his eyes shining.
‘Mammoth Stamp (↓↓↓ + Attack).’
The ground splintered around Hickory, who had fallen down with both legs slammed down.
‘Here’s a special move!’
Dorothy rotated her thoughts in complex patterns.
‘Fire Blast (↓↘→ ↓↘→ + Attack, Defense, Movement).’
Hickory’s breastplate opened and a flamethrower burst out.
In front of a 10-meter-long stream of fire that ate up the air, Frings stood back without looking.
‘Operation mode (attack + move)!’
The returning rocket punch began moving precisely.
‘Like this (→→↑↘)… … If you do this (↑↑←)… … .’
Frings, who noticed it belatedly, protected himself with an ice skin, but could not completely block the shock.
With a bang, Dorothy clenched her fists and reloaded the rocket punch.
‘Victory pose macro 3 (↓↑↓↑ + defense).’
Hickory danced with her hands on her hips, then put her orb fist to her mouth as if sending a kiss, and flung it toward Frings.
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 573 - Reaction and Response (5) 3.txt
===============================
[573] Reaction and response (5)
As a steamy haze rose from Frings’s body, Dorothy canceled her victory pose and took a defensive posture.
‘Hickory defense tendency 100%.’
Feeling a distorted hostility that could not be seen as natural, Dorothy unwittingly activated the algorithm.
“Dorothy, you are a strange woman.”
The moment she saw Frings’ eyes, Dorothy’s spirit began to scream madly.
It was a coolness that was not in the world.
“It looks like you are thinking nothing, but in reality you are thinking a lot. say it. How afraid are you now?”
Dorothy bit her lip until it bled.
“Actually, you’re scared to death, aren’t you? I’m afraid I’ll die Well, you are always terrified.”
“I am… … I have no idea.”
“is it? Did you think that if I said I had no idea, they would just let it go?”
Frings spread his hands in a buoyant posture.
‘Ice devil.’
From behind him, dozens of ugly pillars of ice, like spider legs, protruded like blades.
‘Die. Die.’
Dorothy’s body trembled.
“The expressionless face is a mask to hide the appearance of a frightened child. Was it so amazing, the body of an adult?”
Frings, the president of the Hide and Seek Research Club, had insight into Dorothy’s life.
“say it. what do you imagine? What expression are you making?”
Dorothy’s lips trembled.
“If you won’t tell… … .”
Frings’s mouth was grotesquely torn.
“I will bring out the child inside you.”
Dorothy’s head went pale, and her whole body trembled as if struck by lightning.
-Activation of mimesis algorithm. emergency escape.
As the wizard’s brain went into shock, Hickory switched to automatic mode and ran away into the woods with Dorothy in his arms.
“… … .”
Quadd!
The thorns of the Ice Demon split and fell to the ground.
“Quack.”
Frings covered his face with his hands and tried to live slowly.
“Sorry. I wanted to see you scream.”
Returning with a greasy face, he held the scramble in his hand and shouted back, and the three-member party (○●○) was completed.
‘It’s a hand worth playing for now.’
After checking the status of the Master Card, he muttered as he parted through the bushes.
“Who shall I destroy now?”
* * *
“omg! omg!”
Entering the deep forest, Dorothy put her hand on the tree trunk and let out a rough breath.
Hickory, whose mimesis algorithm was turned off, looked at him with a smile, but it didn’t feel as pleasant as before.
“Huh!”
Because he was completely crushed by Frings’ goosebumps, he ran away without even thinking about taking the scramble.
“How to… … .”
Dorothy sat down helplessly and wept.
“I got caught.”
I got caught.
A child hiding in an adult body.
* * *
Hersie, who checked the master card, looked at Shirone’s current hand, ○●○●ⓡ.
‘weird.’
It was a question I had after losing yesterday to Shirone in Caen.
The reason for responding to Shirone’s kang while catching ●●●○ (Dictator) was because Shirone’s hand was all ⓡⓡⓡⓡ.
The dictator also has no reason to shout Pao if it is the second strongest hand in step 4.
But the result was ○●○● (democracy).
Of course, it is probabilistically correct that four random cards are opened and white and black come out in equal proportions.
‘No, probability isn’t like that.’
Being too probabilistic is what makes it feel rather non-probable.
‘I care about what Kayden said yesterday.’
Also, the fifth card was randomly selected.
‘It’s the feeling of not being afraid of defeat. If the build-up is wrong, I will have no choice but to lose myself in the 6th stage.’
It was a situation where both sides of the experiment were over when allies were to hang kang and defeat each other.
‘Do you think hiding one card in a state where democracy has already been revealed is more important than losing a game?’
After thinking, Hersey gave a convocation signal.
Currently, his hand is ●● (Heretic). He was a loser who had nothing to regret even if he was defeated for the sake of experimentation.
‘Tomorrow, Shirone will leave the game.’
* * *
Day 3 of Scramble Royale.
At the place where Scramble was summoned, Shirone met Cayden again.
‘If only… … .’
Cayden’s hand is ○○○ (religion).
One selected ○ (white), and two cards were combined by opening ⓡⓡ (random).
‘It’s a difficult card to develop.’
That’s why it wasn’t a good situation for Shirone.
If Cayden bets Kang, his hand, ●○●○● (Revolution), will be revealed, and from then on, doubts will arise.
“This is it.”
Cayden raised his crosssword vertically and said.
“I will kill you today.”
Caden’s attitude of not even thinking about Kang made Shirone quite relieved.
‘In a sense, it’s amazing.’
Although they had different inclinations, it felt like Rian was visible in Caden’s stubbornness.
“The fate of the Red Cross.”
Cayden muttered as he placed his palm on his sword.
“Lead my talents.”
As the blade burned red, Shirone’s eyes widened.
‘That’s… … .’
“Absorb magic power.”
Cayden charged as the fire on his sword blazed.
‘Magic Swordsman!’
It was a title that could only be obtained by being at the level of Cayden, who was in Class 1 of the graduating class, with magic alone.
“I don’t know what secret he is hiding… … .”
The cross sword was drawn horizontally.
“I will bury you with death.”
A huge cloud of fire rushed in like a tidal wave, burning the entire area where Shirone was.
“Keugh!”
It was a magic swordsman’s technique that had never been shown at school.
“Taha! Taha!”
Every time Cayden swung his sword, a 6-meter-high cloud of fire rushed in while eating reverse rotation.
The radius was so wide that it could not be avoided except by teleportation, and lightning struck over the head of Shirone, who stepped back.
‘Lightning magic?’
The thunderbolt-infused crosssword plunged vertically into the ground.
Demon Sword – Lightning Impact.
As the blue lightning spread across the ground like a spider’s web, Shirone’s body convulsed.
‘Poems of fire!’
At the same time, the sequence ceremony entered the realm of reverence.
1 second ago.
Demon Sword – Lightning Impact.
As soon as the electric shock spread, Shirone jumped into the sky, and Kayden ground his teeth.
‘I just can’t understand.’
It’s this feeling again.
No matter how excellent a mage is, in the realm of martial arts and nerves, the schema should be overwhelmed.
Also, it was a situation that was proceeding with such a development.
‘What happened!’
The reason why I can’t figure it out no matter how hard I roll my head is because there is nothing wrong.
“then… … !”
Cayden twisted his face like a wolf and prepared for a deadly attack.
“Enhance magical power!”
The cross sword vibrated and emitted a powerful high frequency sound.
It was a Kaiser type of sound magic.
‘You can use all magic?’
He was a genius of a different kind than Fermi.
Cayden swung his sword at Shirone with an absurd expression.
“Can I avoid the sound too?”
Aaaaaang!
The shock wave devastated the surroundings, but Shirone penetrated the shock wave intact.
‘how?’
not space
It was time to escape.
‘I have no choice but to do it.’
When the incarnation of the light angel permeated Shirone, Cayden finally realized the identity of his sixth sense.
‘That’s it. It’s not a fluke. It’s definitely some kind of technology.’
As the Photon Cannon was compressed in her hand, a golden afterimage identical to body lines spread out from Shirone’s body like a fan.
Cayden, who had been attacking fiercely until now, took a backward step in front of Shirone for the first time.
Shirone, who had shortened the distance by teleportation, swung her hand with a photon cannon, and Kayden turned her crosssword 180 degrees to defend the side.
“huh?”
Surprisingly, Shirone was approaching from the other side.
“damn!”
Cayden, who raised the schema’s ability to the maximum, defended again at terrifying speed, but Shirone changed direction as if bending again.
A surprising insight struck Cayden’s mind from the natural movement, as if it had been predestined from the beginning, rather than by twisting the trajectory with magical powers.
‘if… … Is it time?’
At the same time as he thought, Cayden’s arm moved at a terrifying speed.
“Big!”
Block, block, block again.
Cayden’s physical ability, which changed his defensive stance seven times in a split second, was so fast that a wizard could not even imitate it, but Shirone’s photon cannon was slowly closing the distance to the point where it was impossible to defend.
‘It’s like… … .’
At the end of her thoughts, Cayden was dazed.
‘infinite.’
It felt like an infinite Shirone was rushing in.
bang!
I heard the sound of my ribs breaking as the photon cannon slammed into my side.
“Ouch!”
Cayden, whose eyes shook from the shock, flew about 10 meters and crashed into the wall.
“Aww!”
Even with the schema’s regenerative power, as long as the bones are broken, fighting is impossible right now.
‘I have to take away the Master Card!’
Shirone immediately ran to Cayden.
Cayden, who hurriedly stood up, knelt down on one knee again as his legs gave out.
‘Let’s faint.’
The moment the photon cannon was held in her hand, Cayden shouted with a distorted face.
“Shirone, Kang!”
Lulu’s voice came as an electrical signal.
“Kayden walked Caen.”
If you don’t make a choice within 1 second, you lose.
“Kang!”
Cayden’s hand was shattered and Shirone’s hand, ●○●○● (Revolution), was revealed.
Also, the brief moment when Kang had to be received as Kang gave the Hercy team a chance to turn around.
“Now!”
As Hercy shouted and jumped out, Anchal, Eden, and Fisho appeared from all sides at the same time.
‘Isn’t this Eden?’
Shirone, whose top priority was to stop Eden from collecting cards, hurriedly turned and headed towards the scramble.
At the same time as catching the scramble, Hersy shouted.
“Stop it before it opens!”
Anchal walked Caen.
Her hand is ○○●○○ (Emperor).
It was a higher hand than the revolution, and it was broken with one unopened ⓡ card left.
– Unopened random cards cannot affect or be received in the match.
This is also a fact that has already been verified through experiments, so Hercy, Eden, and Fisho all shouted at the same time without having to check the master card.
“Shirone! Kang!”
If everyone hangs Kang, Shirone can’t harm anyone.
‘finished! You’re out!’
It was called Operation Shirone Kill.
“We lost the battle in Caen. No harm can be done to Shirone until the next scramble summons.”
“what?”
Hersy checked her MasterCard, thinking there must be something wrong with her hearing.
‘Extinction (●○●●○●).’
“wait for a sec. No, why is this?”
Cayden grabbed his side and said.
“Control your time. It’s that kind of ability.”
It feels as if reality is obliterated and a new reality is born.
You can’t feel the reset in the realm of thinking, but the physical evidence of the card proves it to be true.
‘hour? Time?’
It was the first time in her life that Hersie had such a bewildered expression, but she soon came to her senses and looked around and shouted.
“Bounce! retreat!”
The moment everyone fled, the person Shirone targeted was Cayden.
Although I was injured, it was also a moment to relieve my resentment that I had been aiming for an opportunity until now.
At that time, Eden ran and blocked the way of Kayden, who was still unable to move.
‘Saint Barrier!’
As the spirit zone emitted a brilliant light and formed a barrier, Shirone’s eyebrows wrinkled after hearing the ability from Eruki.
‘I need more power.’
As soon as I opened the immortal function with my eyes wide open, the photon cannon shook like a mad dance.
It was Eden that made me shudder at the moment, but I bit my lip again and prepared to accept it.
‘Photon Cannon!’
A flash of light with a diameter of nearly 1 meter pierced the Saint Barrier in an instant.
The shape of the sphere, which did not budge even with the detonation magic, dented like cotton, and the other side swelled and exploded with a bang.
“Kyaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah
As Eden, whose omnipotence had been destroyed, crouched on the floor holding his head, everyone who fled turned their heads in amazement.
“Eden’s… … .”
Defense magic has been pierced.
It was a sight no one in the senior class had ever seen.
(end of volume 23)
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 574 - Almighty Monster (1) 1.txt
===============================
[574] Almighty Monster (1)
“This… … Nonsense.”
It was the defensive magic of Eden that no one in the graduation evaluation, not even the graduation exam, had ever destroyed.
‘Didn’t he come back as a monster?’
Shirone rushed at Cayden before Hercy had time to make a decision.
“Stop!”
Realizing the moment you shout is impossible.
Since they had been defeated by Shirone in Caen, no one on the united team could harm them.
Jincheon magic-precise wheat.
As the illusion magic of the temple unfolded, the scenery Shirone was looking at changed to lustful.
“what!”
What is conjured up by Gestalt, though not in definite form, is conceivable lewdness.
The dense metaphors that permeate trees, rocks, and even grass defied reason and stung instinct.
“Now! Run away!”
Taking advantage of the split second, Fisho moved a giant spider, grabbed Cayden and Eden, and left.
When the illusion of precision disappeared, Shirone’s face was flushed.
The sound of his heart pounding wildly hit the inside of his eardrums.
‘Anchal… … .’
It wasn’t just that I was messing with my eyes by showing a lowly illusion.
He was a master of stimulating the original psychology of humans using Gestalt, the specialty of illusion wizards.
‘It’s a pity, but breaking Eden’s hand is a great harvest. Because I can earn at least one more day.’
Moreover, since Cayden was also injured, it would be impossible to participate in the match right away.
‘I’m going to need to rewrite the board.’
A flash of a muster signal shot up above Shirone’s head.
* * *
midnight.
The combined team, which failed in the operation to kill Shirone, gathered at the hideout with sad faces.
Cayden was sitting helplessly with a bandage wrapped around his waist, and Eden was kneeling in the corner of the forest, shedding tears and praying.
“I am disturbed.”
Mounted on a giant spider, Fisho descended from the top of a leafy tree to its trunk.
“I barely collected scrambles. If this is the case, there is a high chance of being pushed back on the 4th day.”
Hersy tutted and clicked her tongue.
After betting Caen on Shirone, all of them were ruined, so an all-out war was impossible for the time being.
‘Because the other side will unconditionally hang Kang.’
Collecting only a few scrambles was the only achievement of the day, as it was necessary to prevent the master card from being taken away by attacking with a machine gun.
“How are you going to power off?”
Anchal opened his mouth.
“Kaden is injured. Even if you receive recovery magic through the research members, it will take a day.”
If it wasn’t for Ahnchal’s illusion magic, Cayden and even Eden would have had their Master Card stolen, so it was fortunate that it ended like this.
Hersh said to Anchal.
“Thank you for being alive. This strategy is my mistake. Stopping Shirone’s motion with the illusion was effective.”
At that time, Anchal was also defeated in Caen and could not harm Shirone.
“Honestly, it was a gamble. Because the definition of harm is ambiguous. However, since they said that secondary traps were allowed, I risked disqualification and attempted it.”
‘Hmph, it must be true that the experiment has already been completed.’
Nevertheless, the reason Ahnchal is complaining is because of the non-gong peddling after the Scramble Royale.
‘If the match is won, the research society in the shadows will confront each other again. Depending on how much you were involved in the victory, the priority of Istas’ investigation authority will be determined.’
It is a powerful party with the heads of each research society, but in the end, the limits of the united team existed.
“I can fight.”
Caden said with a frown on his face.
“I don’t need recovery magic. Starting tomorrow, I will catch Shirone again.”
The obsession was to the point of being desperate.
“No, take the recovery magic. There are still four days left, so there is plenty of room to make up for it.”
“You said you could fight. Such an injury… … .”
“Kaden, this is an order.”
Hercy was Fermi’s authorized representative.
“Then I will disobey your order. Even Fermira can’t move me freely.”
Hersey’s gaze grew cold.
“I admit it honestly. If Shirone hit you with the magic that destroyed Eden’s defenses, he’s already dead. His torso must have been blown off, not his ribs.”
‘Damn it!’
It was already a defeated field, so it was useless to say anything. Cayden bit his molar as if his jaw would break.
“God, forgive my poor self-indulgence. Give me the teachings of infinite love… … .”
The voice of Eden praying in a trance penetrated the silence.
Hersie, who had been looking at her, turned back to Caden.
“I can’t stick to the same strategy unless you stop Syrone’s solo.”
It wasn’t something anyone else could do.
“I’ll do it.”
Eden came to the end of the prayer before I knew it.
“you?”
“From now on, I will collect white cards again. If we create and protect infinite (○○○○○○) in the shortest time, won’t we win?”
“But you are also broken. Failure is more dangerous.”
“No, it’s magic that’s broken, not my faith.”
“I know how you feel, but… … .”
Eden’s eyes widened fiercely.
“you can do it. From now on, I will be different. However, there are conditions.”
“Hmm.”
So far, even if it’s a team, it’s a competitor in the graduating class after all.
As with the seal on the temple, there must have been a trump card that Eden did not want to reveal.
‘Putting a condition means that we will see the end here.’
Hersy judged so and said.
“Okay, let’s listen first. What are the conditions?”
“If I can keep the infinite hand until the 7th day, give Istas investigation priority.”
Hershey’s expression softened.
“Hey, no matter what country it is… … .”
“No, I am suggesting it to everyone here. The numbers in the hand are already starting to spread. However, if it were me, I could certainly combine and protect an infinite number of cards. Isn’t that a much better choice than paying the price by losing the game?”
It was clear that if Eden had a really hidden card, the odds of reversal success were high.
‘Eden will do his best. It’s a matter of religious belief.’
Hersy looked back at everyone and said.
“Don’t vote. However, it cannot be passed unless unanimous. Raise your hand if you agree.”
All the combined teams might have their own calculations, but in the end, they started raising their hands one by one.
‘It doesn’t matter if your priorities are a little delayed. Because she’ll never find it anyway. If you succeed, you will be rewarded, and even if Eden fails, nothing will change. It’s better to leave her for now.’
Finally, when Cayden raised his hand, Hersy spoke.
“Okay, winning bid. Stick to Eden’s strategy as before. Do it right this time.”
Anchal asked.
“Then who marks Shirone? Even if you don’t know how to manipulate time, you always seem to be able to create the strongest combinations.”
This was the biggest problem.
Even if Eden collects Infinite, if Shirone cannot be stopped, it will eventually be a tie, and then the winner will be decided by the hand of the next rank.
Hersy, who was searching for the right person, opened her mouth.
“Frings.”
Cayden was the only battle mage on the team since he was injured.
“No, I’m not going to exclusively mark Shirone.”
Frings said, touching his mustache.
“I can’t break it. So honest.”
said Fisho.
“There is definitely a soft side. If you dig into that weakness… … .”
“It’s not soft.”
Hersy’s face turned cold as she stared into the darkness.
“little… … It hurts your pride.”
This, too, was as Fermi expected, but in this case it was not pleasant.
– Cayden won’t do it alone.
Before Scramble Royale began, Fermi said:
“To block Shirone, you need a double or triple trap.”
Hersey couldn’t understand what he was saying.
“In the first half of the gold ring’s own simulation, it was only about 7th in the final. After all, we are ranked 1st to 5th.”
“It was like that until the first half.”
“Will anything change? Besides, in this scramble royale, Kayden will use a sword. You know, swordsmanship skills?”
Even Fermi acknowledged that.
“Of course, Cayden can subdue Shirone. Without Armand, magicians are weak against physical power.”
“Then what is the problem?”
“But he… … We will eventually find a solution.”
“Didn’t you hate Shirone?”
Fermi laughed.
“I don’t hate anyone. It just makes me hate it. Anyway, Shirone doesn’t stop. If growth is accelerating, it’s safe to assume that it’s always ahead of expectations. In short, it is a defensive investment.”
The key to the judgment was that Miro took Shirone with him.
“Then what if Caden doesn’t work?”
Fermi pointed at Hercy with his index finger.
“In that case, do this.”
said Hersy, who had lost her mind.
“Okay, Shirone’s dedicated mark is given up. Instead, Frings, you have work to do.”
“If you can. What is your strategy?”
A cool smile formed on Hersey’s lips.
“If you want to come out like an old man… … I have no choice but to attach a real kkondae.”
* * *
The faces of Shirone and the others gathered at the hideout were generally bright.
“Okay, reversed! We’ll keep going like this!”
Amy, who joined the team last, was currently the most excited.
While everyone who guessed the reason laughed, Nade turned to Shirone and said.
“It was perfect timing. Because I destroyed more than 10 cards in one blow.”
“I’m a little sorry though. I wanted to drag it until the 4th day so that there was no room for a reversal, but the other side approached me first.”
Eruki said.
“From now on, I will keep an eye out for Kang over there. But it can also be used as a tactic. Anyway, I’m going to keep driving the victory. It destroyed Eden’s defenses.”
“It’s a pity that I didn’t get to see her naked, but… … ouch!”
Sabina hit Nade in the back of the head.
While everyone was enjoying the friendly atmosphere, there was one person who was particularly silent, and that was Dorothy.
Eruki asked, knowing that the response had slowed since the 3rd scramble was summoned today.
“Dorothy, what happened?”
“huh? no.”
“I want to ask you, why did you retreat so quickly in the third round?”
Dorothy answered in a sensitive voice.
“It was dangerous.”
“I am not blaming you. I trust your judgment. However, if there is a problem, after solving it… … .”
“It’s nothing!”
Everyone looked at them in amazement, and Dorothy, realizing her mistake immediately, bowed her head.
“Sorry, sorry. I will sincerely apologize.”
said Amy.
“are you okay. Because if the battle overheats, you can become sensitive.”
Nade helped.
“okay. First of all, take a good rest today and do well tomorrow. You can win.”
After a day’s battle, Shirone’s team was disbanded, leaving only Eruki to stay.
* * *
Day 4 Scrumble Royale, open.
“The 2nd scramble has been summoned.”
Having already collected six cards, Shirone focused on destroying the opponent’s scramble.
The closest coordinates were the forest near the integrated education center.
“depart!”
Since he was winning, Shirone, who was even more excited, ran through the streets in an instant and found a sparkling scramble.
“found!”
At that time, the ground shuddered and an earwig three times larger than a human came up.
‘It’s a fish!’
-Only participants can collect scrambles.
When the insect that swallowed the scramble turned and ran away, Shirone immediately launched the homing photon cannon.
-However, the location of the scramble may be moved due to factors other than the participants.
This fact has already been confirmed by Dorothy’s experiment, and the coordinates of the moved scramble are not recorded on the Master Card.
‘We have to catch it before it runs away underground.’
Four of Shirone’s homing photon cannons hit trees, and the remaining three landed on the insect’s carapace.
Key eh eh!
As I screamed and ran toward the crouching insect, soft light began to shine through the cracks in the exoskeleton.
Insect Magic – Bombardment.
A bug that has evolved to have a self-destruct function.
Usually, it is grafted onto small insects, but the current scale was about to fly in a radius of 5 meters.
“Keugh!”
Shards of insects hit Shirone’s body.
‘It’s not an impromptu response. This is an ambush.’
I was sure because I knew the Insect series.
Insect magicians use the ‘ecosystem in the head’ to induce specific evolution in the egg state.
It would have taken at least two hours to develop the self-destruct function in an insect of this size.
‘What are you aiming for?’
Shirone’s eyes widened as he expanded the Spirit Zone to find Fisho.
‘Is there one more person?’
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 575 - Almighty Monster (2).txt
===============================
[575] Almighty Monster (2)
As if time had sped up tens of thousands of times, icicles were created in the sky and hit the floor.
thud! thud! thud!
Frings appeared through the thick ice pillars.
‘Frings? why?’
Even with a surprise attack, combat is impossible anyway.
It is because there is no one in the current union team with a higher hand than Shirone, so it is enough to throw away Kang.
“This isn’t fun, but… … .”
Chobakneung.
As Frings waved his arm, the air froze thinly and rushed towards Shirone.
It was so sharp that it could not be seen if the light was not reflected, and the trees in the forest were cut down and fell.
“Frings! Kang!”
Shirone’s eyes filled with shock as she hung Kang while avoiding the ultra-thin tomb.
‘what?’
Lulu’s electrical signals did not enter her head.
“Didn’t you think it was too easy to have Judge? You have to be familiar with the rules.”
As Chobakneung was continuously cast, the landscape began to be cut as if the sense of perspective had disappeared.
‘What happened?’
Shirone, who had escaped through the cutting gap, stomped on the ground and shouted again.
“Frings! Kang!”
Caen didn’t get caught this time either, but two attempts were enough to pinpoint the source of the problem.
‘has disappeared.’
In synesthesia, which felt like a spirit zone, the presence of Frings suddenly disappeared.
‘I see.’
– To cast Kang on a specific target, the Spirit Zone must be in contact.
During battle, it’s normal for each other’s spirit zones to overlap, so I don’t pay attention to it, but it’s different in a black and white match.
This is because if you evade the spirit zone at the moment Kang is cast and leave the radius, the block will not be activated.
‘That’s the theory. But is it really possible?’
Unless you enter the Image Zone, the Spirit Zone is not something that can be visually confirmed.
Therefore, avoiding the Spirit Zone through synesthesia combined with the five senses required murderous sensitivity.
“Because I’m a bit sensitive.”
He had fought numerous wizards so far, but this was the first tactic to evade the Spirit Zone.
‘Third in senior class, Frings. Are you saying you’re not here because you’re lucky?’
It was also understandable that Frings hadn’t paid much attention to card collecting until now.
‘From the beginning, Kang is impossible. You have the confidence that you can absolutely avoid it.’
If it wasn’t for Arin’s level of mental activity, it would be difficult to catch Frings only with the transformation of four ways.
‘But is it really?’
When Shirone, who was burning with a sense of triumph, widened her eyes, Frings raised both arms and cast magic.
“Ice spirit rampage.”
Hundreds of tadpole-like icy clouds spread out from the springs, penetrating the forest’s features.
As if an ice age had arrived, everything was frosted and frozen.
‘Dangerous!’
This is not the 2,000th.
The reason why fire and cold are called the best offensive magic in practice is that they deal with environments in which creatures cannot survive.
“shall we start?”
Attaching the thorns of the Ice Demon, Frings rushed.
* * *
“Now, today’s integrated class is four-way transformation. The spirit zone changes according to the spirit of the wizard, but it is inefficient for actual use. Therefore, it is important to learn the basics of the four ways.”
At the gathering of the advanced class students, Ethella explained the four ways as usual.
The children who had just entered the advanced class had their ears pricked up, and the class five or four students were just waiting for the practice time to return with an expressionless expression.
“Oh, boring.”
At Mark’s muttering, Maria put her index finger to her mouth.
“Shh. I will listen to you, sir.”
“sorry. But I think I’m in a slump these days.”
“Are you training hard?”
The skills of Mark and Maria, who are receiving personal guidance from Thaad, have improved, and are currently ranked 1st and 2nd in Class 4.
“That’s the problem. It’s boring to work hard. I guess it’s time to leave the advanced class.”
Maria had been thinking the same thing lately.
“Well, the seniors we know also worried about promotion to the senior class around this time. But you haven’t had Tio yet, have you?”
It was undecided whether Eider, who was currently hospitalized in the infirmary, would drop out of his senior year.
“it’s annoying. If you’re traumatized by a fracture in your whole body, you can just say you’re giving up this year. Why are you stubborn? Blocking the juniors’ path.”
“Where is that word? to the senior.”
“Tch, I heard that Shirone sunbaenim messed around and got hurt, but it turned out better. Anyway, come out Tio. Because I’m going to apply in first place. Is that okay?”
Maria shrugged.
“follow your heart. I’ll do it according to the rules.”
Even if she entered the senior class right away, she believed that there would be no merit other than experiencing the graduation exam in advance.
“Wow!”
When Ethella entered the image zone and quickly performed a four-way transformation, Class Seven erupted in cheers.
“Okay, did you all understand? Then, from now on, each class will be scattered and transformed in four ways… … .”
Wow!
Suddenly, an explosion erupted in the forest, and broken trees rose into the sky.
“What is it?”
While the advanced class students were staring at her with bewildered expressions, Ethella quickly turned around and surveyed the forest.
Two seniors entered the integrated classroom training center without the need to detect it as a spirit zone.
“uh? Senior Shirone?”
Chased by Frings’ indiscriminate attack, Shirone realized that she had entered the integrated class training center before she knew it.
“this… … !”
Without even time to blame himself for the mistake, the Ice Fiend’s ice thorns aimed precisely at the vital point and flew into it.
‘The precision is really amazing. In terms of sense alone, it’s a level that surpasses Dante’s.’
As the cover of the forest disappeared, Shirone and Frings began to use offensive magic in earnest.
Diffuse reflections, fragments of exploding ice.
At the high-level workshop beyond imagination, the advanced class children watched in awe.
However, the admiration was short-lived, and as the power of magic soared exponentially, threatening the surroundings, the students in the lower classes jumped to their feet.
“Aaaaaa! Dangerous!”
Frings backed up in a horseback position and cast magic while bending 10 fingers.
‘Bing wave!’
As the waves of ice scratched the ground and thousands of ice spikes spread forward, Shirone also cast a berserker.
Kwa-kwa-kwa-kwa-kwak!
The fragments of the ice wave were scattered and the frozen powder glittered like a star in broad daylight.
“Stop it! It’s class time now!”
Ethella shouted, but Shirone and Frings, who fell into a half-trance, did not stop fighting.
When the homing photon cannon bypassed the training grounds, even the upper class students of the advanced class turned and ran away.
“Pi, dodge!”
The distance was far, but the speed of the homing photon cannon was so fast that I couldn’t help but think that it was flying toward me.
“Look out. what’s the matter?”
Hearing the sound of Fisho’s insect magic explosion, Siena and Thaad, who flew through space movement, broke through the crowd of students.
“huh? That… … ?”
As Thaad blinked, the lower class children shouted.
“Shirone-senpai and Frings-senpai are fighting! Mr. Thaad, please dry it quickly!”
Thaad’s brow wrinkled.
‘Isn’t that like a kid’s fight?’
It was not just a matter of power, but deadly anomalies and tactics that could only be seen on a real battlefield were intersecting in real time.
If they weren’t going to go into the close together and fight, they couldn’t intervene right away, so Ethella and Siena were just waiting for an opportunity.
‘Gwangik!’
The spear of ice pierced the trajectory of Shirone, who spread her wings of light and flew low.
The homing photon cannon, which was completed in time division, approached powerfully, but Frings guided the movement with an ultra-precise movement and made an accidental shot.
‘The difference in precision is clear. I’m a little angry.’
When Shirone, who was moved, fired the photon cannon directly, an ice wall with a thickness of 1 meter stood up in front of Frings.
The photon cannon pierced the ice wall with a roar, but Frings’ expression was still indifferent.
‘The power has already fallen.’
The highly reflective ice clumped into his fist, and when he swung his arm, the photon cannon bounced off.
“It’s really awesome… … .”
An exclamation was heard among the students of Class Four.
As they were about to enter their senior year, they knew how precise and sensuous the current battle was.
“Shirone-senpai… … .”
In particular, the shock Mark received was beyond imagination.
‘I thought I desperately caught up.’
I was confident that there would be no one who trained more intensely than I did, even if I did not compare myself with anyone.
‘I’m not the only one running. Everyone is running.’
What more do you have to give here to run faster than others in such a race?
“Maria, let’s double the amount of training starting today.”
“… … okay.”
In the fierce battle, Frings measured the timing while preparing the technique of conversion.
“Shall we finish it soon?”
As I put my hands together on my right side, the icy haze began to compress at a bizarre rate.
At the same time, Shirone also floated a photon cannon in front of her eyes, preparing to hit the counter.
“Invitation… … !”
Just as Frings was about to cast his magic, a violent whirlpool rose from under his feet and froze.
Siena’s magic ice tornado.
Sharp ice thorns criss-crossed Frings’ body, but there was no wound anywhere.
Meanwhile, Ethella, who had approached Shirone from behind, was also choking him with her arms tucked under his armpits.
“Kuk!”
Feeling the pressure of a steel whip, Shirone canceled the photon cannon only then.
However, her gaze was still fixed on Frings, and her breath was rough with excitement.
“Frings, what are you doing?”
As Siena approached, Frings couldn’t move, only turning his eyes to look at him.
“Sorry. Because of a minor disagreement.”
Siena, who had already been asked about scramble royale at the teachers’ meeting, didn’t even snort.
“Quit now, if you want to continue going to school.”
‘You’re in good shape.’
Frings didn’t even listen by ear.
“I cannot leave school. However, in this case, the negligence of both sides is probably not suitable.”
Siena’s face turned red.
‘Anyway, these are… … .’
The shadowy research presidents who terribly do not listen to the teachers, as if they had enemies in their previous lives.
Even when I was sent to the senior class, I expected to mature a little, but I had been struggling without graduating for several years.
“Shirone, stop.”
Ethella exhorted me, loosening the grip on her neck.
“but… … .”
It was Frings who led the fight.
“Your juniors could have been hurt.”
Only then did Shirone look around and see the students she had taken classes with until last year were staring at her with fearful faces.
“… … sorry.”
Fisho would have collected scrambles anyway, and since the teachers came forward, further battles were meaningless.
Siena, who disarmed the Ice Tornado, said.
“Go back to your senior year now. If you cause an incident like this one more time, then there will be no forgiveness.”
“I will do as you command.”
After bowing like a gentleman, Frings headed for the forest, but in a direction that had nothing to do with the senior class.
“Ah, I’m annoyed. stress.”
Siena, who pressed her hand to her temple, called out to Shirone, who was standing there depressed.
“Shirone, you can see me for a second.”
“yes? Now?”
It was a time when Scrumble Royale was in full swing.
“I’m sorry, but now… … .”
Siena’s eyes tightened.
“right now. Even in the senior year, this is definitely a school. Or are you saying that advanced class teachers look ridiculous now?”
“no! Never thought like that… … !”
“Okay, follow me.”
When Siena took Shirone down the mountain, Ethella calmed the atmosphere with a smile.
“Come on, everyone! Now you know exactly why you have to work so hard to sharpen your four ways, right? The key to transformation is… … .”
While the students looked blank, Thaad licked his lips and shook his head.
‘Teacher Ethella, that’s not it.’
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

