===============================
Chapter - 426 - Definition of Creatures (2) 2.txt
===============================
[426] Definition of creature (2)
Plateau of Corruption.
A strong, sulfur-smelling wind blew across the desolate plain.
There was not a single blade of grass on the empty ground, and dark clouds stretching all the way to the horizon spewed out lightning.
It was a dry, dreary, empty place.
The 3rd Special Task Force crashed on the light. It was a violent landing that was incomparable to the Elijah I had experienced so far.
Shirone rolled on the floor feeling that she had been knocked over by an uncontrollable force.
“Aw, that’s the head. Senior, are you okay?”
Shirone opened her eyes wide at the scenery around her.
Rectangular panels 4 meters high were erected in eight directions. Beyond the panel, two-meter-long needles were tightly packed all the way to the end of the line of sight.
As the lightning struck, powerful electricity flowed down the tributary and blasted the inside of the panels that encased them.
“This… … .”
Joe said.
“This is not a natural area where emotions gather. It is a device artificially designed to collect light.”
“Is it made by the Meccans?”
“Nobody knows who made it. Because it existed before the subjects lived in Heaven. Only the angels will know what happened in this forsaken land.”
Thunder struck again.
As the lightning split into thousands of prongs and absorbed into the ground, the ground glowed bluish as if it were infested with insects.
As a powerful white light popped out of the panel, Shirone gave instructions with a frown.
“Let’s get out of here. It could be dangerous to stay here any longer.”
The 3rd Special Task Force escaped the lightning strike area to avoid tens of thousands of needles.
Everyone has the ability to fly, but the air is a dangerous place in this environment.
The place they arrived at was a crater located four kilometers away from the well of light.
There was a hollow in the ground, as if something had fallen at a terrifying speed.
After going down to the center and sweeping the ground, an iron plate appeared. Something seemed to be buried deep in the ground.
“This is why it is called the tomb of angels.”
“That’s right. Over the centuries, numerous cults have tried to excavate these ruins. But it was all in vain.”
Joey pointed around.
“There was even a time when they tried to take out the whole area. But if you dig to a certain point, you’ll be electrocuted by the tributary. There are records of hundreds of people being slaughtered at the time.”
“After all, this seal must be lifted.”
Shirone took a closer look at the iron plate.
Although the shape was different, it was definitely henna, the language of angels.
So, a Nephilim might be able to open it. No, probably.
Shirone turned to Fleur.
Entering Immortal Function was no problem, but it was uncharted territory from now on.
“Let’s open it. If it’s dangerous, you can leave right away.”
Fleur wanted to go in.
The fact that heretics have risked their lives to excavate this place for centuries means that there is something of equivalent value underground.
Besides, Shirone had a scalpel teleport that allowed her to leave immediately, so she wouldn’t be easily attacked.
“Then let’s begin.”
When I put my hand on the steel plate and opened the immortal function, the henna shone and a huge glow radiated toward the sky.
As the crew stepped back, the echo from deep underground was transmitted through the soles of their feet.
“Sheesh! Let’s keep our distance first.”
When Jo Won said with a firm expression, Shirone also left the crater without a murmur.
Cuckoo Cuckoo!
As the iron plate vibrated, a vast amount of soil poured down and something began to rise.
“That one?”
The 3rd Special Task Force stared at the iron tower that was going up incessantly.
Emerging from the ground was a huge bell-shaped structure, with a sturdy metal surface filled with henna.
The bottom of the three-metre-tall structure split in half and the exit opened.
After waiting for a long time, Shirone flew and landed in front of the structure when there was nothing wrong.
Above the entrance swallowing the darkness, letters were engraved on an iron plate.
Since it wasn’t henna, Shirone flew a drone to detoxify it. Interpretation was sent to my head via radio waves.
Babel.
“bar… … bell?”
The crew muttered at the same time.
Only that letter was the language of the subjects, not the language of angels.
Flew looked back at the crew and asked.
“Babel. What do you mean?”
“I do not know. It’s the subject’s language, but it’s a word we’ve never heard before.”
It wasn’t particularly helpful information.
“Shirone, what are you going to do now?”
“Come in. After all, the purpose is exploration.”
Shirone, who moved first like a leader, cast Shining Magic and entered the entrance.
I saw a staircase going down, and through it went down endlessly, leading to a corridor.
Every 1 meter of the first step, the installed lights turned on and stretched out into the darkness.
Shirone stared blankly at the scene.
It stretches out endlessly. Calculated by distance, the size of the structure rising above the ground was just the tip of the iceberg.
The place we arrived along the road was a circular space, and on the iron plate above the entrance, the words “control room” were engraved in the language of the subjects.
“Hmm, the control room. You can understand this.”
Everyone went inside without anyone laughing at Jo Won’s joke.
As the lights flashed on, I could see devices that could only be seen in the Great World War of Jebul, connected through wires.
Beyond the device was a huge cone-shaped column. A pillar of the same shape was descending from the ceiling, and it was moving as if a lump of electricity was caught between the two vertices.
“I-that… … !”
The members of the crew were at a loss for words with shocked expressions on their faces.
A skein of light that is shaking without being able to keep the same shape even for a moment.
It was obviously an electric spirit that was known to be impossible to collect in a pure natural state.
Flew said, touching her chin from afar.
“Hmm, what is that? Is it the power source here?”
‘That’s stupid. It’s not that trivial.’
Everyone in the group laughed at Flew’s stupidity.
What they are seeing now is the rarest spirit in Purgatory, created by the singularity of the Plateau of Corruption, where lightning strikes every day, a device that collects it into a device of enormous scale, and timeless years.
The members carefully exchanged glances.
Due to the nature of the unit, they are often dispatched to foreign countries, and in this case, their own rules apply.
If a special item is obtained during a mission, the chief officer determines the treatment, and the principle is to distribute the reward differently according to the mission achievement.
It is unlikely that these items will be observed in the field, but there was no way to create greater deterrence other than this.
‘That’s mine.’
The crew members were thinking the same thing.
Since the mission has not yet been properly carried out, according to the regulations, it is a situation where you have to bring and offer the precious electric chisel to Shirone.
As for other items, the spirit of electricity was the greatest opportunity that could not be seized even if it took the lives of the entire rebel army.
“First check!”
Jo Won ran out while making absurd excuses.
“wait! If you approach it carelessly… … !”
Before Flew could finish his words, Jo Won ran to the spirit of electricity and held out his hand to make a contract.
‘done. As long as I have this… … !’
Has your heart ever beat so fast in your life?
The huge anticipation gave the thrill to the point of paralyzing the brain.
“I will make a contract!”
At the same time as he shouted, marbles shot from the walls on the left and right.
When the man reflexively covered his face, puffer puffer puck! My body shook as the sound exploded in succession.
“Big uh… … !”
Shirone looked around with a surprised expression.
The surface of the steel wall was grooved in the form of embossing as many as the number of protruding marbles.
Even so, not a single marble fell around the man.
It bounced off the wall and went into a groove in the opposite wall.
The fact that there was no error in the trajectory even after the collision was a testament to how powerful the marbles were fired.
‘I couldn’t even react. It penetrated everything.’
thud! The man’s knees hit the floor.
Then, as the two arms came down weakly, a face with a hole was revealed, just like the shape of the wall.
Everyone raised their guard even more.
Mourning the death of a comrade was postponed until later when he left this place alive, and for now, he focused on the situation that was at hand.
“You said it was the c*ckpit. But why are the traps set?”
“It’s not a trap.”
Empty! Empty! Empty! Empty!
As soon as Shirone finished speaking, the walls of the c*ckpit were separated one by one.
It wasn’t a trap. The previous attack was nothing more than a procedure to rip out the fixed steel door.
On the inside of the wall where each section was divided, two-meter-tall steel golems were stuffed like corpses in coffins.
Then, a red light came on in his sunken eyes, and he grabbed the wall and walked out.
“Those who approach Babel will incur the wrath of God.”
The two members prepared the collective magic by taking the same action.
“Destroy with Gardin.”
Although it can only be used in special circumstances when lightning strikes, it is known to have the most destructive power among collective magic.
No matter how strong the steel golem was, it was worth fighting in a place where the spirit of electricity was standing still.
“Back off! I will destroy it!”
Contrary to what was said, the members of the crew stretched out their hands toward the front without even giving Shirone and Fleur a chance to escape.
“Goes! Gardin!”
Shirone flinched and stopped moving, and Flew also looked back at Jowon with puzzled eyes.
Contrary to the grandiose shouts, no magic was cast from their hands.
“What, what? Why is Jung… … .”
Collective magic is impossible if the spirit force is not properly connected. But not even a bit of electricity was gathering.
Shirone murmured.
“It is not an electric spirit.”
“Punish those who approach Babel.”
The golems uttered a mechanical voice and scattered, each aiming for a different target.
“Fight! All ready!”
Flew took out a phoenix and slammed it on the ground, casting a phoenix.
A hot ball of fire spread in all directions and hit the golem, but the metal body was not shocked.
So, the Norse members, who could cast wind magic in an enclosed space, could do nothing but avoid the Golem’s attack.
“Shirone! Destroy it with a laser!”
Fleur called for backup, but Shirone seemed to be stuck in place as if he hadn’t heard.
“Shirone! What are you doing? Dangerous!”
Five golems walked, shaking the ground.
A shadow grew on Shirone’s face, and a huge fist flew.
Woo woo woo!
The ground rumbled.
It wasn’t the vibration of the c*ckpit, it was the trembling caused by the stop of the forty golems.
Shirone looked at the golem’s fist that stopped right in front of her nose, then raised her gaze.
The golem’s red eyes were blinking rapidly as if calculating something.
Target Category – Human.
Attribute – Nephilim.
Code Search – Iris Pattern Identification.
Data Retrieval – Phase 1. complete. Phase 2. complete.
result… … .
result… … .
result… … .
A tremendous amount of data stored in the golem was retrieved and a single piece of information was derived.
thud! thud! thud! thud!
At the same time, all the golems extinguished their red eyes and fell forward.
The weight was so great that the interior shook enough to give the illusion that the structure might collapse.
“what? Why all of a sudden… … ?”
While the rest of the crew members were unable to move from their seats, Fleur, who was enjoying the phoenix, approached Shirone and asked.
“What happened? Why did the golem collapse?”
“I don’t know either.”
“You don’t know? But why didn’t you attack?”
Actually, Shirone was thinking about that too. Why didn’t he feel threatened by the golem?
‘Just like back then… … .’
As the Behemoth merged with the incarnation, the tangible memory disappeared, but only the feeling of unity remained, and it is still the case now. Some emotions, not words, conveyed the situation.
“Sir, I don’t know why, but… … .”
Shirone looked back at Fleur with a bewildered expression.
“I… … I think I’ve been here once.”
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 427 - Definition of Creatures (3) 3.txt
===============================
[427] Definition of creature (3)
In front of the front gate of the county community.
“Cheuk, you shrank a lot. What to do with these?”
“Kill what? No, should I take you alive?”
The voices of the bodyguards were thin and muddy, as if muscles were attaching to the throat.
But more surprising than that was the aura they radiated.
Whether it’s a sword, fangs, or claws, when you face a creature with the intent to kill, you feel a strong energy, but each person’s temperament is different.
a killer? beast of prey?
The energy transmitted from them was completely different from that.
unknown creature. Or, something that is a complicated mix of existing organisms.
‘I can’t be embarrassed this time either.’
Kuan was ready to jump out at any moment.
When they reveal their true colors, they shoot external gravity in three directions.
Slash the ones on the left first, then accelerate with the feedback and wipe out the remaining ones faster than that.
Tick. Tick. Tick.
A faint sound reached Kuan’s ears so that it could not be noticed by non-schema users.
It was the sound of long nails being pulled out of the right hand of the bodyguard who was confronting Armin.
“Everybody stop moving!”
Loud shouts erupted from beyond the front door.
Quan immediately put his feet on the ground and rotated to neutralize external gravity, but it was only after he had tasted his black blood.
chin! chin!
The heads of the two bodyguards standing to the left fell.
Shiina felt a shudder when Kuan, who had been standing by her side until a moment ago, was already in the enemy camp.
I couldn’t even recognize when he was moving or what he was doing.
While most swordsmen use propulsion to ambush, Kuan rather moves through suction.
Rapid acceleration that does not even require preparation or warm-up.
I thought it was fortunate that Kuan wasn’t my enemy.
“This bastard! I will kill you!”
When the bodyguards, who witnessed the death of their comrades, rushed in, Quan also raised his sword horizontally and prepared to face it.
“Stop it, you children! Didn’t you hear my brother?”
The action of the bodyguards stopped for a moment.
There was no significant change in appearance yet, but the face was distorted to the point of approaching a monster.
The iron door opened with a click and a tall, middle-aged man walked out.
She was wearing a coat with long, soft fur like a mink, and a terrified weasel’s face was stuffed on both shoulders.
Her hair fell to her shoulders and was disheveled, and Al was wearing black glasses with pointed tips.
It is not an exaggeration to say that he occupied all the hunting grounds near the mainland, it was Frank Wine, the leader of the night blind.
Armin walked towards him and asked.
“Are you in charge of this place?”
“Hmm.”
Frankwine stroked his beard and looked at Armin, then smiled, revealing sparsely studded gold teeth.
“They are hot-blooded young people. Yes, I’m the captain here. Why did you find me?”
“I have something to ask the military community.”
“aha! So, I mean, let’s do business. Yes, business is a must. Come in, come in.”
“older brother! They killed 2 of my colleagues! Are you going to let me in like this?”
Frankwine looked back at the two corpses with their heads cut off neatly and shrugged.
“What’s wrong? When men fight with each other, they die, and what else, yes, their heads are cut off. What are you fussing about?”
“But brother… … !”
Frankwine’s face crumpled in irritation.
“Are you going to keep vomiting at my words? are you dead it’s not are you alive Then don’t care whether others die or not, go and do your job properly.”
The bodyguards looked back at Armin and the others and gritted their teeth. However, in the end, he could not resist and had no choice but to open the way.
Violent, absolute.
It was the first impression of the night blindness that Armin received.
Frank Wein gave a brief introduction to the factories on the way to the office.
I guessed it, but when I saw it with my own eyes and heard it in words, the scale was truly vast.
They were dealing with everything from colors and weapons made from elixirs to consumables and medicines needed for hunting.
‘It’s definitely different from the enemies I’ve met so far.’
Feeling wary, Armin hinted at it.
“Thank you for your time. I heard you’re busy.”
“Oh, I drank too much yesterday. I didn’t feel well. But what if you play? Anything cheaper than shit? Kuck.”
Frankwine proudly opened the office door, like a hotel manager in Armin’s world.
It was a cramped room where c*ckroaches would feel comfortable, and the wallpaper was stinking with cigarettes and alcohol.
“Wait a minute, wait here. I’ll finish my work and come back.”
After sending Armin and his party into the office, Frankwine turned and entered the room at the end of the hallway.
A blond haired handsome man with an all-back shirt stretched out his long legs on the desk, then stood up in amazement.
“Ah, brother. Are you here?”
“What did I say? You said you would kill me if you sat at my desk one more time?”
“Who knew it would take? By the way, what about you bastards?”
The second-in-command of night blindness, Meat Gun.
There are over 300 employees in the munitions community, but Mitgan is the only competent person who dares to say that he protects Frankwine.
Frankwine put a crumpled cigarette in his mouth and lit it.
“It was worth it. Let’s leave it to the guys. Do you have the estimate from Laceys? Give it back.”
Meatgun pulled a piece of paper out of his inner pocket.
When Frankwine received it and opened it, the names of about 10 species of creatures were written on it.
It was divided into 1st and 2nd ranks, but they were all difficult to hunt.
“Geuk, I am crazy, but that woman is also insane. How are you going to get this? If you send her men, you won’t be able to find a bone.”
“But it is such an unconventional proposition. He said he would adjust the telomere level of 100 members to 5 levels.”
“Hmm, step 5.”
Telomere level refers to the sheer power to sustain life.
Therefore, it is a natural fact that the higher the telomere level, the stronger the combat power.
With a telomere level of 5, it was enough to enjoy a lifespan of 400 years under the premise that there was no explosive biological activity.
If you have 100 subordinates like that, the future of the night blind will be win-win.
However, what was curious was the reason why Raysis, who was vigilant with enemies everywhere, readily proposed unconventional conditions.
“What’s your plan, girl? I sent only the top species of the local food chain.”
In terms of survival, the species that best adapts to the environment survives, but that alone does not make it the best.
Organisms at the top of the pyramid of the food chain tend to have strong characteristics that cover all their weaknesses.
“I know it’s perverted, but isn’t it too individualistic? It would not be easy to combine with other creatures with such distinct characteristics.”
“It must have found a way. She’s an incredible woman, but she’s not clumsy. Also, the condition she presented will definitely help her night blindness.”
Frankwine crumpled up the note and stuck it in his pocket.
“So, do you think you should accept this deal?”
“yes. Whatever your thoughts on the other side, this is a great opportunity to increase the power of the Night Blind. If you have any ambitions to rule Purgatory, you must hold hands.”
Frankwine violently swung his arm and struck Meatgun in the chin.
Meat Gun’s body flew like a shell and crashed into the wall with a bang. As he fell to the floor while lying on his side, there was a huge crack in the wall.
As Mitgan stood up clutching his forehead, Frankwine opened the door and said as he walked out.
“If you sit in my chair one more time, I will kill you.”
thud.
The door is closed.
Armin and the others sitting in the office Frankwine guided us all frowned.
Another kind of fishy smell wafted through the stench of alcohol and cigarettes.
Shiina waved her hand fan and said.
“What the hell does this smell like?”
The men guessed, but remained silent.
Ethella tilted her head and said.
“Iknow, right. What kind of fish is this… … .”
Armin hurriedly changed the subject.
“It’s strange, by the way, that the head of the munitions community suddenly treats you with goodwill.”
Shiina had the same thought.
“I don’t think we should be careless. The bodyguards did too, but Frankwine’s temperament was really strange. Maybe a variable is occurring in a place we don’t know… … .”
Ethella and Kuan also nodded.
But even if something happened elsewhere, they couldn’t know.
Frankwine entered with a cool smile.
“haha! I’m sorry. I’m a bit behind on work.”
Shiina asked as if she had been waiting.
“Why is the office so messy? And what the hell is this smell? Your head hurts.”
Frankwine looked at Shiina as if asking what he was asking, then burst into laughter as if realizing it.
“haha! Right! So, yesterday I played hotter than usual… … .”
Armin offered a seat.
“Sit down. I have something to tell you.”
Frankwine sat down shyly. But the calculations were running fast in my head.
Clearly, all four of them are outstanding talents. Even so, there are two innocent girls included.
A human figure that is not often seen in Purgatory, where survival is everything.
‘These are the guys from another world.’
If so, it’s rather easy to talk about. Frankwine wasn’t from Purgatory either.
“Yes, why did the scary people who wiped out two talented night blind men found such a shabby place?”
There is no way I can forget the death of my subordinate.
However, Frankwine’s feelings were not condolences, but were close to a very businesslike idea of earning even money for meat.
“I want to rent a factory in the military community.”
“Hoho, it’s coming out hard from the start. what are you going to make?”
Armin provided only the information necessary for the transaction.
The key is to make a large tagis.
They added that they would pay for all the accompanying elixirs and materials, and that they would pay for renting the factory with elixirs.
Frankwine licked his lips.
It’s not that I didn’t particularly like the offer. For merchants, all trades are golden.
I just felt that things were turning strangely.
A sudden estimate from Second Commander Reisis. And this time, to the request for the production of a large Targis, which the 1st Command is sure to be involved in.
‘Something happened on the rebel side.’
Armin emphasized again.
“The case will not disappoint.”
Frankwine got out of his mind and smiled broadly.
“If there’s something big like that, of course you’ll have to find us. Now I see you’re a giant. But, you can’t just use the elixir to run the factory. You know, we’ve been doing really well lately.”
“then?”
Elixir has a different use than currency, but it is the most commonly used item as a way to obtain something in the mainland.
Armin couldn’t understand Frankwine’s words that he couldn’t do it with the elixir alone.
“Hmm, what should I do with this?”
Frankwine pretended to be lost in thought, then went to his desk and scribbled something.
He tore the paper from the memo book and tossed it on the table in a crumpled condition, and Armin slowly unfolded it and looked at the contents.
A beam of light emanated from the bandages covering the eyes.
hunting list
1. Photosynthetic Monster Olkir – Hunting Rank A Class
2. Park Yo-jong Jeremont – Hunting Rank A
3. Transparent Ear Hororos-Hunting Rank B
4. Jinmai Sigjong Galtomic – Hunting Rank S Class
5. Infinite cell growth body Kenser – hunting rank S class
6. Kuzen the Devourer-Hunting Rank A
7. Musa, the King of Acid Poison – Hunting Rank B Class
8. Ringer of the sapphire mineral species – hunting rank double S
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 428 - Creature Definition (4) 5.txt
===============================
[428] Definition of creature (4)
Fleur couldn’t understand Shirone’s words.
“Have you ever been here?”
Babel is a place called the tomb of angels.
There was no possibility that Shirone, only nineteen years old, had come to a place that had been in heaven before its subjects even lived.
“Actually, I don’t know… … .”
“Hmm, is it like deja vu?”
Normally, you wouldn’t have to think deeply about it, but if you add the fact that the steel golems fell right before they attacked Shirone, it wasn’t something to be overlooked.
“Let’s go somewhere else for now. It is too dangerous here.”
“Wait. Are you going to leave it behind?”
Joon pointed to the electricity on the cone.
Even if it wasn’t an electric spirit, it was a waste to give up.
Flew thought the same, but it didn’t feel right.
Even the dead Jo Won was not a person with poor skills, but he couldn’t even react and his body was broken by a shotgun.
“Shirone, how do you feel?”
Shirone stared at the glowing electricity.
It wasn’t clear, but like something that had happened a long time ago, there was a vague impression.
‘Did I ever see that?’
Shirone’s mouth moved as he searched for memories of the past.
“Ultima.”
“huh? Shirone, what?”
“yes?”
Shirone turned his head with a surprised expression.
“What did you just mumble? Ultima?”
“what? Did I?”
Fleur nodded.
It must be true because she was so thorough that there was no way she could be mistaken, but I couldn’t really remember it.
“I’d like to take a look first.”
“You know it can be dangerous, right?”
“That’s why I think we need to check more. The device that controls Babel’s traps will also be in the c*ckpit.”
When I heard it, it made sense.
“good. But I will investigate.”
“Sir, that’s… … .”
“Listen to me. This kind of thing is originally done by the second person.”
No matter what the situation, only Shirone had to be saved, so Flew took the risk and approached.
When I took out the phoenix and gently applied it to the electricity, it made a crackling sound and grew angry, but there was no stimulation.
“Hmm, I don’t think it’s dangerous.”
Then, as if he had waited, Jo Won jumped up and grabbed the electricity with his hand.
“It’s mine!”
He was a man with a long philtrum who was tasked by Reisis to keep an eye on Shirone.
He may have been entrusted with such a mission because of his cool-headed personality, but he was just an ordinary human being in front of materialistic desires.
As the electrical energy began to be absorbed through his arm, he shouted, convinced that it was a spirit.
“Spirit, make a contract with me!”
A blue light spread across the c*ckpit, and the spirit’s power permeated the man.
His eyes flipped involuntarily as the grand idea filled his mind.
“Oh, it can’t be. this is so… … exorbitant… … .”
His face, which had been muttering in ecstasy, suddenly exploded with a pop.
Shirone and Fleur looked at the man whose face had disappeared in dismay.
“Stupid. No matter how much it is, what are you going to do if you don’t check it and bite it?”
It’s not because of a lack of patience. That’s how strong the Norse people’s desire for spirits was.
It was a psychology that could never be understood by Shirone and Fleur, who could activate magic anytime, anywhere through the Spirit Zone.
When Flew glared at the last member of the crew, he shook his head, raised his arms, and stepped back.
Nothing is more expensive than life, so it was an excellent choice.
“Shirone, are you going to do more?”
Fleur asked to stop, but Shirone was rather convinced by the man’s death.
Babel is a place sealed with henna. And it existed even before subjects were born.
“Those who came in and out of this place must have been angels or Nephilim. In other words, the immortal function is basic. The steel golem appeared because someone other than the Nephilim came in.”
Flu also thought that Shirone’s words would be right with a high probability when considering the circumstances.
However, since there were already two deaths, I couldn’t help but pay attention.
“Be careful though. There is such a thing as an emergency.”
Nodding her head, Shirone reached out for electricity.
There was no stinging feeling, and electricity rode up like a living creature through the fingertips.
“omg!”
Then I heard the sound of the wind in my head. It felt like my skull was being drilled with a drill.
The Ultima System – a cosmic integrated information system.
According to the number of laws, 1.
The concepts of the one-of-a-kind, one-of-a-kind numbers that do not overlap with anything else were scattered in my head at a speed close to light.
“Huh!”
Shirone realized why the man’s head exploded. Because his head seemed to be like that now.
When the Immortal Function was opened, a tremendous sense of liberation flooded in, and the concepts of Ultima escaped into the infinite passage.
My head was empty.
He felt that only a thin, blue ray of light connected him outside the passageway.
The last member of the group approached, swallowing saliva.
“What, what was that spirit?”
Shirone turned her head with a surprised expression.
“Tell me again.”
“Ah, I was wondering what the attribute of the spirit was.”
When I heard the man’s voice with the drone’s interpretation mode off, I was finally convinced.
I couldn’t understand the pronunciation, but the meaning of the words permeated into my head.
‘Who the hell made this system?’
The subject’s language was not a problem. Any symbols existing in the world could be integrated into a single signal and deciphered.
When Shirone pushed her hand into the cone, the electricity passed through the back of her hand and the mechanism was activated.
The flow of information was read as clearly as blood vessels.
“That must have been the steering device.”
At Fleur’s words, Shirone nodded and connected to the main circuit to search for Babel.
A bird’s-eye view of a structure so gigantic that it could be described as a castle came to mind freely as imagined.
thud! thud!
When the c*ckpit wall was opened, a tube-shaped glass tube appeared.
As it rotated at high speed, a red cylindrical light shot out.
“That’s the main elevator.”
An elevator on the same principle as in Arabot transported the three people 100 meters underground in an instant.
“Wow, that’s huge.”
It was a control room with acreage so wide that it was difficult to check the end.
A giant screen that seemed to be 10 times larger than the real thing floated in front of it, and a cone-shaped pillar like the one in the c*ckpit stood next to it.
Shirone pushed his hand in without being rough.
Why did I feel like I was here? Perhaps the answer lies here.
When I browsed the records in the control room with the Ultima system, the screen lit up.
Shirone searched calmly as if reading a book, but all kinds of pages were turning with afterimages on the screen that Flew saw.
At one point, the screen stopped, and strange letters that were neither henna nor the language of the subjects appeared slowly.
Only Shirone moved his pupils following the letters.
Through Ultima’s single signal, the meaning came through in a way he could understand.
Log: The Babel Project
Light Power Omega Year 133 – Gaia, the first human being, overcomes all biological difficulties such as gender, disposition, and personality for the first time since birth and achieves an integrated mental system.
Omega Year 187 – Gaia attempts to escape the photon world through the Ultima system, but fails due to the barrier of Ankera’s Akashic Records.
Omega Year 201 – Gaia begins war with Heaven. Conflict between the Ultima System and the Akashic Records.
Omega Year 387 – Anchera, 1st Reset Attempt. Stop Gaia with the Ultima system.
Omega Year 412 – Ankera, 2nd reset attempt failed.
Year 666 Omega – Gaia loses the final war. A 90 percent decline in the Gaian population.
Omega Year 689 – The first anti-war begins. Gaia succeeds in implementing Halo by analyzing the angel’s infinite algorithm.
Year 717 Omega – Gaia creates a strategic killing weapon to eliminate Anchera. called Babel.
Year 738 of Omega – Babel, mass production begins.
Year 777 Omega – Gaia loses the second war.
Omega Year 799 – Representative of Gaia (Records EXPUNGED), suggesting the possibility of a 2nd photon field exit.
Authorization permission from Ultima Systems.
Omega Year 892-(Record EXPUNGED), talks with Anchera. breakdown.
Omega 927 – Ankera dismantles the Ultima system with the sake of anecdote.
The Gaians were divided into Kergo, Nor, and Mecca.
Omega Year 987-(Records EXPUNGED), Ikael’s (Records EXPUNGED) announced to the subjects.
Heaven’s mayhem.
Omega Year 999 – Last Gaian (Records EXPUNGED), exiting the photon world.
record end.
‘What the hell is this… … .’
Shirone opened his mouth blankly.
Before the birth of the subjects, Gaia was a file that recorded the events between humanity and Ankera.
Having achieved an integrated information system, Gaia created an ancient weapon called Babel that could kill Ankera.
However, after losing the final war, it was a history of being separated into three races: Kergo, Norr, and Mecca.
Since the whole period seemed to be divided into percentages, there was no way to know how much time a year meant, but one thing was clear.
The last remaining Gaiain, that is, the one written on the screen as (record expunged) is the one who left this record.
‘There are two kinds of record expungements. One is the name of a Gaian, and the other is what Ikael said he had committed a great sin.’
The screen has been reset.
A line of sentences, probably engraved by the last remaining Gaian, flickered.
beyond infinity.
As Shirone stared at it, Fleur could not stand it and approached.
“what? Why are you looking at something you can’t understand?”
Shirone shook her head. Jo Won’s ears were jarring to reveal about the Ultima system.
“I will tell you later. There’s something I need to check first. Please follow me.”
When the control device was activated, the iron wall opened and a path was created.
Babel is at the end of that road. The strongest weapon created by the first humans to kill God.
‘What would it look like?’
After passing through the passage, a cavity resembling a uterus came out.
A ray of light was shining down like a spotlight, and something resembling a human was sitting there with bent knees.
It was a woman made of sleek black glossy metal, and wires that came down from the ceiling were connected in clusters.
Joe’s face went pale.
“Oh, you’re an angel… … .”
“no. It’s Babel.”
Fleur asked.
“Babel?”
“Babel is not the name of this place. It is a kind of ancient weapon that mimics the powers of angels.”
“What are you talking about? You’ve been saying weird things ever since. explain properly… … .”
Wheein!
Electricity flowed in as common facilities started operating.
The electricity supplied to Babel through dozens of wires has been transmitted through the Ultima system.
There is no problem with the power supply because it is a region where lightning strikes constantly, but even so, the output was enormous.
Babel’s body, which had absorbed the entire structure’s power, began to vibrate strongly.
Indeed, it was the process by which the fetus, which absorbed all of its mother’s nutrients through the womb, was finally born into the world.
The neck of the slender barbell was lifted upright, and the legs that had been kneeling stood up as if in a state of weightlessness.
With a height of more than 2 meters, a slender body, and blue wings extending, her beautiful face was revealed.
It looked very similar to someone Shirone knew.
“Ichael?”
A red light lit up in Babel’s eyes, and a halo of bright white light rotated above his head, and a high-frequency sound close to a roar was heard.
“Sir, Shirone. Let’s get out of here.”
Fleur shook her shoulders.
I felt the power beyond imagination to the extent that it is not an exaggeration to say that I imitated an angel.
‘Did the association president intend to fight something like this?’
The barbell floated about 1 meter in the air and captured the images of three people standing on the ground.
-Running the Babel program. Apply Kariel’s Algorithm.
-First goal: Punish the intruder.
Dismissed!
Babel’s appearance changed into a tangled form of electricity and disappeared. At the same time, the sword sharp as a blade stopped in front of Shirone’s face.
It was only after hearing the fingertips whine and make clear sounds that Shirone was able to recognize her situation.
As if fixed in space, her arms did not even move, and only Babel’s face slowly approached and looked at Shirone.
-warning! warning!
-Determination of non-attack in the upper algorithm.
-Cause analysis: Gaia code number 2 discovered. Exploration of application of Ultima system. Check application.
-Result: Absolutely inviolable target.
Babel, who was making eye contact with Shirone, slowly drew his capital and backed away with his metallic feet clattering.
-Reapplied Kariel Algorithm.
-Second Goal: Exterminate all subjects.
Hey hey hey!
As the halo rotated, Babel’s body lightly floated up.
As the three terrified men raised their heads, Babel’s body was entangled in electricity and went up through the ceiling with a roar.
“Huh!”
The three of them, centered in the shaky room, stared devastatedly at the neatly drilled circular hole.
Black Angel Advent.
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 429 - Opportunity for Revenge (1) 2.txt
===============================
[429] Opportunity for Revenge (1)
Team Cage B has arrived on the mainland.
As 21 wizards occupied the road and walked around, people opened the road by themselves.
Since there are no rules other than unwritten rules between communities, those living on the mainland have developed a strong sense of smell to an evolutionary level.
However, Cage Team B did not show off a sense of intimidation by giving strength to their shoulders.
Although the party consisted of 4th to 6th grade, most of them were young as they were the best talents in the kingdom, and among the 21 people, only team leader Rose, assistant team leader Horkin, and communication wizard Wagan were the only ones who had experienced heaven.
“Ah, ah.”
A small woman with bobbed hair and bangs tied up over her forehead scratched all over her body from start to finish.
Aroella of Flame, a certified 4th-class fire mage.
She is a hot woman who uses flames of up to 3,200 degrees Celsius, and while she has a rough personality, she has a unique history of having her entire property stolen three times by three men she has dated so far.
“Why are you so ticklish? Is the air bad here?”
Unable to bear it, she reached into her clothes and scratched the itchy spot herself.
Summoning wizard Malloy frowned and asked.
“I’ve been very concerned since before. Why do you keep rubbing your chest? Have you decided to be self-sufficient now?”
“no… … My armpit has been itchy since I came here. Beam, have you ever been bitten by a strange insect?”
Insect Wizard Beam’s answer was concise.
“It’s because I don’t shave.”
“You are funny! I don’t have hair!”
Cage Team B’s Terminator Tarban said.
“That’s even weirder.”
“shut up! I’m in the worst mood right now, don’t touch me! I’m afraid I’ll burn it!”
Tarban ignored Aroella’s words and looked back at the team leader, Rose.
“What are you going to do now? Do you know where Gaold is and find him? Why don’t we leave it to Jonah in the center of the city?”
Vice-team leader Horkin shook his head.
“Arthur. Even at the cage level, the mainland is not an easy place to see. If you unnecessarily open the Spirit Zone and get swindled by strange people, it will be difficult to carry out the mission.”
Meat addict Benifis said.
“Isn’t it time for you to retire from active duty, old man? They are the most elite troops in the kingdom that can defeat demons. Aren’t you going to notice?”
“A cage-level party can catch demons. But here, demons also unite like cages.”
A moment of silence ensued.
Team leader Rose said.
“Heaven is a dangerous place. In particular, our target is Mikea Gaold, the best battle mage in the kingdom.”
Mysore Mami made an impression. She had a hysterical impression with irregular teeth and prominent cheekbones.
“What do you mean? No matter how Gaold, you can’t catch a demon by yourself. We are not pushed behind in combat power.”
said Horkin.
“Demons and humans are different. There are ways to attack demons according to logic, but humans have too many variables. and… … .”
Horkin’s face turned cold as he turned to Mami.
“Catch it by yourself, Gaold.”
Saliva trickled down Mami’s throat.
said Rose.
“The best outcome is to eliminate Gaold without sacrificing anyone on the team. But it’s not particularly strange when someone dies. It’s not like I’m playing a numbers game like it’s first class. Gaold is special.”
It was only then that the team members’ faces revealed their spleen determination.
It was the first time in years of working together that the team leader put the target first.
Tarvan, on the other hand, did not look nervous at all. It doesn’t make sense if he, who uses the most destructive magic on the team, shrinks before even fighting.
“If I can’t get into the Spirit Zone, I have no choice but to run with my feet.”
Tarvan suddenly turned and headed into the alley.
Since there was no one who did not know that he had been followed after arriving here, the team members also followed without muttering.
As we entered the alley, armed men appeared.
It was as many as Team B in Cage, and their eyes sparkled with life.
“What are you?”
The spirit wizard White connected the spirit channel and translated Tarvan’s words, but the armed robbers were not surprised.
The man who was the leader drew a sharp-edged sword and approached Tarvan as if it were natural.
“You don’t know who we are. I recognized it from the time I was looking around like a country boy. Did you think that it would be safe to gather in groups?”
On the mainland, where numerous lifestyles and organisms are mixed, information is just as important as force.
If it was a first trip to the mainland, it was such a good prey that the first to occupy it would be the owner.
“You ask because I don’t know. What are you?”
“Cheuk, then I’ll give you some particularly good information. First, when someone calls from the mainland, they immediately run and kneel. Second, give everything you have. Third, he runs away with all his might, leaving the woman behind. Now, do it.”
Tarvan looked back at his teammates.
Seeing that no one wanted to step out, he sighed and approached the robber.
“Ha, here or there… … .”
5 minutes after that.
Twenty robbers were lying on the floor of the alley with their faces smashed one by one.
They were clumsy bastards who didn’t even need to use Tarban’s long-term Kaiser Blast.
“Huh! Yes, save me… … !”
Tarban grabbed the leader by the collar and lifted him up.
“Let’s ask one thing.”
“yes yes! Whatever I know, no, even if I don’t know, I will definitely bring it to you!”
I was about to laugh out loud.
At least, the change of attitude seemed to be quicker than the intensity of the original world.
Communication wizard Wagan smiled brightly and opened his vision with magic in front of the leader.
When Gaold’s face came to mind, even the blood disappeared from the terrified leader’s face.
“Have you seen this person?”
“Ah, uh, that… … .”
From the leader’s reaction, Cage Team B realized. He had seen Gaold before.
Spirit Mage White approached.
“You got caught, Tarvan.”
“Sheesh, I was already counting.”
Tarvan’s words may have been false, but considering the current result, it is natural.
The bottom layer of the mainland food chain that only beginners are aiming for.
If he didn’t even have the ability to measure his opponent’s capabilities, Gaold would have been followed.
“Hey, you. Tell me everything you know.”
The leader’s head spinning rapidly after hearing White’s words was transmitted through the mental channel.
‘The value of the information you have. Weighing lives and costs.’
“I-I don’t know anything. but… … .”
White didn’t even listen to the leader and turned around and went back to his teammates.
“it’s over. Let’s have a meeting.”
As Tarvan grinned and raised his fist, the leader, realizing that things were out of order, exclaimed in despair.
“Sleep, wait! I saw the truth! I saw it!”
“know.”
The leader’s face was smashed into a wall.
Tarvan stood up, clenched his fists, and turned to Horkin.
“It’s cool. Isn’t it too shabby for a place where demons roam like cages?”
Just as Horkin was about to answer, a group of people appeared at the end of the alley.
Feeling the presence, Tarvan turned his head, and unlike before, Tarvan’s eyes sank calmly.
‘What are those things?’
“huh?”
Ethella was walking while looking at the hunting list given by Frankwine, but raised her head with a strange feeling.
21 personnel were occupying the alley.
Quan put his hand on the handle of the sword without a word. Just looking at the aura they gave off, they were all masters of their own organs.
Tension soared as if it would explode, and dozens of gazes quickly explored each other.
Tarvan had to pick up the words he had just spoken.
I thought it was a place where people lived, but it was the mainland where people who didn’t look like these people could come across in the alleys.
Horkin touched his beard with a curious smile.
‘Hmm, what should I do with this?’
For those who want to go out, this is a dead end.
If you’re not going to fight, you’ll have to back up and clear the way, but no one on Cage Team B would do anything ridiculous like that.
Realizing that he had no intention of getting out of the way, Kuan slowly moved forward.
limp.
The eyes of 21 people simultaneously looked up at Kuan’s legs.
‘Are you going to try it alone? Aren’t you crazy?’
If it’s not to hug and kiss, isn’t there a reason to come from a blocked road?
‘It’s funny. If you want to leave, you guys go back.’
When Tarban exhaled hostility as if blocking access, Kuan’s temperament was amplified in an instant, as if a chemical reaction was taking place.
“wow… … .”
Someone on the team burst into exclamations.
The corners of Tarvan’s mouth trembled, too, to the extent that he didn’t even think of scolding him.
‘Living once kills.’
There is no such thing as a friendly life, but if you do it without hesitation, it means that you have already made up your mind.
‘Yeah, I think I have to work at this level.’
Quan approached, limping with an even stride. Even so, his eyes contained half a tar without blinking.
‘One step forward.’
When that time comes, I have no choice but to call.
Time came in an instant, and Kuan’s feet crossed the line of death. At the same time, Horkin opened his mouth after a long pause.
“Don’t do that… … .”
At the same time that Kuan’s sword drew an afterimage, Tarvan’s body turned into a flash of light and was pushed away.
“Pooh!”
The swordsman’s physical reaction speed is faster than that of a wizard. It was a sword that worked so fast that it might have had a different result if Horkin hadn’t exactly cut off the pulse.
‘Did you avoid it? No, was it cut?’
The bridge of his nose was cold as if it were frozen.
It could be wind pressure, or it could be an actual cut. However, it was a shame to check it with my hands.
“uh? Are you from the continent by any chance?”
Ethella pointed at Horkin with a surprised expression.
Cage Team B, who heard the familiar language, also softened a little.
Of course, that is never a reason to get out of the way or to go back the way you came.
However, all 25 people in the alley had a hunch that it was best to end the situation well through a common ground less than dust.
The resourceful Horkin came to the fore.
“Oops, you didn’t recognize that you were a person from the same area and built up a bloodline. Nice to meet you. Are you on a mission too?”
Ethella shook hands with Horkin and smiled kindly.
“yes. At least, we almost got into a fight on the same side.”
‘Whoops, are you on the same side?’
The corners of Horkin’s mouth rose slightly.
Even seeing 21 wizards gathered, they weren’t so low that they couldn’t be reminded of Cage.
‘Are you from the Red Line?’
Wagon jumped on the reconciliation mood and approached. Of course, it was an action based on complex psychological calculations.
“I was looking for someone. Have you ever seen someone like this?”
When Gaold’s face appeared in the magical vision, Ethella opened her eyes wide in surprise and said,
“what? Isn’t this Mikea Gaold?”
Shiina added.
“I know you are the president of the Tormia Magic Association. But why are we looking for this person on the mainland?”
‘Hmm, that’s it… … .’
Horkin blinked and thought.
To be precise, he is the ‘former’ president of the Tormia Magic Association.
‘You really don’t know? It doesn’t feel like I’ve been on the mainland for a long time. Well, it hasn’t even been a month yet.’
Tarvan said curtly.
“it’s nothing. It’s just what the mission requires.”
If they met in a place like this anyway, there was a high probability that they were carrying out a classified mission, so it was an atmosphere to refrain from inquiring deeply.
“yes. then.”
Ethella bowed her head, showing the courtesy of refusing to pay attention. Now it was a request to get out of her way.
There was a slight backlash in the hearts of the younger members of Cage Team B, but Rose cleared the room with a cold voice.
“I’ll open it.”
Cage Team B moved left and right, and Armin and his party escaped between them.
Most of them were wary of making eye contact, but Aroella of Fire was glaring at Shiina until the very end.
‘That woman is definitely frozen. Are you sure.’
It was Aroella’s subjection that being in a bad mood for no reason was the only natural enemy of flame, but strangely, the hit rate was high.
As Armin and the others disappeared from view, Rose immediately turned to White and asked.
“how is it?”
“How are you? Of course it’s a failure. Everyone blocks their thoughts so nothing is read. But it was a situation where I couldn’t attack aggressively.”
Rose was not disappointed and moved on to the next case.
“From that man?”
said White, turning to the robber’s leader.
“It is true that you tailed Gaold. However, it seems that Gaold did not respond and immediately left the mainland. There are two people in the group, one is Gangnan and the other is a woman I don’t know.”
“A woman you don’t know? Hmm.”
Although Zulu is the world’s best summoning wizard, few people know his face because he is a wizard from a foreign country and has a very closed personality.
“But it is strange. Wouldn’t there be no reason to stop here if you left the mainland right away?”
“According to his recollection, he never entered the building or took a break. As soon as I arrived, I was out of there within an hour.”
“Right. Finding the reason will be the fastest way to reach Gaold. From now on, we will trace back the movement.”
When Rose left the alley, the rest of the team followed suit.
Then Horkin suddenly stopped and looked back down the road.
“Inspiration, why is that?”
“The woman who shook my hand. I must have seen her somewhere, but I can’t remember. I don’t think she was out of the wizarding world.”
Tarban didn’t think much of it.
“If you had that level of skill, you would have seen it anywhere. Anyway, let’s go quickly. Because I am starving to death.”
“… … .”
Horkin’s gaze, following Tarvan, lingered for a long time on the path where Etela and the others had disappeared.
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 430 - Opportunity for Revenge (2) 3.txt
===============================
[430] Opportunity for Revenge (2)
Upon arriving at 2nd HQ, Shirone and Fleur waited in a room.
Of course, the expression waiting was Cho Won’s words, and he knew that it was actually quarantine.
Fleur, who observed the trend outside, sat down next to Shirone.
“Now talk. What happened?”
Shirone explained what happened in Babel’s c*ckpit.
The Ultima system unifies all signals and transmits them. Babel’s historical records obtained through the Ultima system.
Flew took a deep breath and thought.
I had heard about the history of heaven, but this was a completely different story.
“Isn’t the person whose records were to be expunged in the Babel Project, perhaps the person involved in the Reset?”
McLean Guffin.
Shirone was almost certain.
Most of all, it was shocking that Guffin was involved in Ikael’s great sin.
“When I think about it now, I think Guffin had a reason to leave that had nothing to do with the affairs of this world. That is why he must have chosen the complicated method of initialization and then reconstruction.”
“That’s true, but I think it might have something to do with the Ultima system. What kind of method is it?”
“It’s more like a feeling than a language. Just as you feel hot when you touch something hot and feel prickly when you are stabbed by something sharp, such signals come in almost infinitely distinctly.”
“Hmm, I think I know… … .”
I could understand it in my head, but there would be no way to know the sensation unless it was the person in question.
“In that sense, I think the Ultima System is the opposite of the Akashic Records. Even if the parts change, the whole is perfect. If this is the Akashic Record, the Ultima system clearly distinguishes all the parts. It is no exaggeration to say that if all of the Gaians were united in the Ultima system, we could have fought against Ankera.”
“But on the other hand, isn’t that the power weakens as the number decreases?”
“yes. I’m only able to distinguish the meaning of signals.”
Flew disagreed on that.
“That’s a really good ability. It will be of sufficient help even in this place where you do not know the language, and the application methods will be endless in the future.”
“yes. Once you return alive here.”
Flu smiled bitterly at Shirone’s bony joke.
“but. Anyway, where did Babel go? Since it is a weapon against Heaven, did it go to Heaven?”
“It could be. Anyway, I think I should report it to Mr. Sein. There could be a big variable just in case.”
“Okay, let’s seize the opportunity and ask Mr. Gardlock. It sounds like you really don’t like being here.”
“So is Clove.”
The two of them laughed out loud.
* * *
Heaven’s 6th Heaven, Jebul.
After Arius entered Dremo, Kariel never left the Great World War.
Miro still showed no signs of waking up.
It won’t be easy.
Even for those who are familiar with the human mind, extracting only the maze from Drimo, where mental energy gathers, was the same difficulty as releasing a fish into the sea and catching it again 10 years later.
‘If it’s Brahma, he’ll take care of himself.’
Mara had the best insight among Mara, so even Kariel could trust him.
Even so, the shadow did not go away from the beautiful face looking at the central processing unit.
At that time, the data of the category that was stored a long time ago flashed on the screen.
Looking at the year, it was information stored so deep that even the angel’s memory was blurry.
Kariel’s eyes shone as she searched with curiosity.
“This?”
After staring at the screen for a long time, Kariel tilted her head in disapproval.
Babel descended.
Attempts to track the location turned out to be true. A red dot was illuminated that was currently flying over Purgatory at high speed.
“But how?”
In the war with Gaia, it was Kariel who disrupted Babel’s production process.
The Archangel of Birth, Kariel, did not like the method of destruction that Uriel used.
It is counterproductive, irreversible and foolish.
Instead, he tweaked the algorithms that went into Babel’s programs, resetting Babel’s perceived enemies from heaven to subjects.
It was the main reason why the 2nd Gaia War failed.
“Who made it work?”
After the erasure of Guffin, pure Nephilim do not exist in Purgatory. However, there was no reason for the angel to go against Ankera’s message and wake up Babel.
Kariel received Babel’s data and displayed it on the screen.
From the moment the program was launched, the screen explored by Babel developed into a first-person perspective.
A face that Kariel also knew well appeared.
As Babel approached, the boy’s face enlarged in an instant.
Babel finally made a decision not to attack.
If the boy on the screen was the boy Kariel knew, it was only natural.
“Quack.”
Kariel felt a thrill in her soul. Her hearty laugh exploded from the depths of her heart.
“Ha ha ha ha! Ha ha ha ha!”
Finally, my chance came.
All things with human blood deserve to die, but among them, Shirone was particularly hated.
The human that Ikael loves the most.
“Would you be able to raise your nose in front of me after seeing this?”
Kariel has been out of the world war for the first time in a while.
The first thing that came to his mind was Ikael’s pale face.
Heaven’s seventh heaven, Arabot.
In Araboth, where Ankera lives, there is a room where Archangel Ikael, who was once in the position of archangel, is put to rest.
Arriving in the hallway there, Kariel strode forward with a triumphant smile on her face.
Of course, I had no intention of handing over Shirone’s information.
Although the power was sealed, the name Ikael was still known as a symbol of glory to the angels.
still premature.
But just imagining such a fun incident alone made me feel sick to my stomach.
‘Where can I see a handsome mug? I’m in charge anyway.’
Right before arriving at Ikael’s room, a crack in space occurred in front of Kariel’s eyes, and hundreds of glass plates shone with different brightness.
As the blurred outline connected to the glass plate gradually became clearer, the solid line finally disappeared and the figure of a man materialized.
A signal that can contain unique information in a specific type of panel.
Ikael’s three-legged Mara Ashur blocked Kariel with eyes as deep as ink-colored hair.
“What is going on with Araboth, Angel of Creation?”
“I came to see Ikael. Will you be inside?”
As Kariel moved as if he hadn’t heard an answer, Ashur quickly approached and blocked his way again.
Kariel’s face twisted terribly.
“Is something like Mara interfering with me?”
I still remember clearly that Ashur appeared and pointed his sword right before I caught Shirone.
At the time, I was given Ikael’s order, so I just passed on it, but this time, it was not forgiven.
“Ikael doesn’t want to meet anyone.”
“no one? An angel in probation has wild dreams. Get out of the way, you insignificant Mara.”
Kariel pushed Ashur roughly. And before he could even stop, he opened the door.
The best of all angels, Ikael, shining pure white, was sitting on the floor waiting for Kariel.
“It’s been a while, Kariel.”
Kariel raised the corner of her mouth with difficulty.
Even if I am in front of Ikael, my starlight body will shrink, but I didn’t want to show a weak side today.
“Hmph, sitting on the ground is ridiculous. Where is the authority that once rose to the rank of archangel?”
Ikael smiled benevolently.
“Your presence has weakened a lot. Well, you didn’t know how to focus on one thing from the beginning before you could look for something else.”
In fact, Kariel’s complexion was visibly emaciated. Even the gun-like eyes that created all sorts of ingenious things were cloudy.
“What am I doing where I don’t know? Ra would have banned the activities of the angels.”
“Hey, what do you know? You no longer have any power. You must be wondering what I’m up to. No, I’m going crazy wanting to know. But what? You are just a puppet angel with only the reputation you once had.”
“Your nervousness is like a child asking for milk. What makes you afraid?”
Are you afraid? I?
Kariel’s eyes widened.
“ha ha ha! I have nothing to fear. Even greater than you! Who am I… … !”
Kariel’s words suddenly cut off.
Ikael began to loosen the ties of his pure white clothes.
As the collar parted and the shoulders narrowed, the top fell down.
I could see Kariel’s hardened face through the shoulders that proudly supported her straight neck, her arms that were thin yet powerful, and the back of her eight-headed body, which showed no flab.
“Come here, Kariel. he’s a special kid Hold me in my arms like before and tell me many stories. Then get a good night’s sleep and wake up and everything will be fine.”
“uh… … .”
Kariel tried to run to her with a bewildered expression, but hurriedly came to her senses.
The Ikael he hated so much was still beautiful.
The most perfect body in the world made only of pure white.
The ultimate in purity, without any fine particles or impurities!
Just like before, I wanted to hold her in her arms, rub my cheek, and tell her everything.
yeah that was all
The ultimate ataraxia that satisfied everything with just that.
‘She like that… … Her her her!’
Only one human being has tainted it.
“Doc… … Hit it!”
Kariel’s planetary body rotated at high speed as it expanded into a halo.
Everything in the room rattled, and Ikael’s golden hair hid her face sadly.
Kariel came over and screamed like crazy.
“shut up! Are you qualified to say that? you are… … you are… … ! Keugh!”
Kariel couldn’t stand the fluctuations in her mind and hurriedly lowered her head.
The already weakened presence was on the verge of collapsing the starlight.
‘shit! why… … !’
Not once, I swear to all, never once had I ever aspired to monopolize or possess her.
Pure awe, absolutely alien to human desires.
There was a time when I felt absolute happiness just by looking at it and the fact that the archangel Ikael existed.
‘Stupid humans! Ugly things!’
Why do humans not want to leave beautiful things as they are?
Did you want to own it like that? Couldn’t you share this beauty with others?
Everyone wants to be loved by Ikael. Was it that he was so jealous of her that he took her from her?
To Kariel, Ikael was no longer in awe. It was just a withered flower that had been cut off by the hands of an insignificant human being.
‘I can’t forgive you. No, I won’t forgive you!’
Kariel pressed her face to Ikael, who was lowering her head, and whispered.
“Listen smart. i never forget So I’ll do what you hate the most. Because you did what I hate the most!”
As Kariel left the room, Ikael, with a sad expression on his collar, spoke in a small voice.
“Ashur.”
At the same time as the call, Ashur prostrated herself in front of her.
His expression was miserable in front of the master who was insulted by Kariel.
“Your eternal servant answers the call.”
“Please investigate what Kariel is up to.”
According to the law of the family, Ashur’s power was weakened as much as Ikael’s power was sealed, but there was no reason to refuse anything she wanted. but.
“Currently, the atmosphere in heaven is turning out of the ordinary. If something like today happens again… … .”
Ikael put Ashur’s words to shame with a bright smile.
“That won’t happen. Please.”
No matter what sins he committed, Ikael is Ikael.
There were many angels and maras who would give their lives for the smile he showed now.
Ashur bowed his head in silence.
His body split into hundreds of glass panes and disappeared in an instant.
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 431 - Opportunity for Revenge (3).txt
===============================
[431] Opportunity for Revenge (3)
A secret underground laboratory of the Rebel 2nd HQ.
Reisis did not reprimand Shirone and Fleur for sacrificing two members of the SWAT team.
The subordinates wanted to release Shirone from his post and restore the commander’s honor, but they were more curious about the completion of the search for Babel.
After sequestering Syrone and Fleur in their quarters, Reisis took their blood samples again.
The superficial reason was that there was a possibility of being infected with an unknown pathogen, but in reality it was to enter Babel and secure a clone of the changed Shirone.
‘Angel’s Tomb. That place was Babel? Did it really exist? I thought it was a story in a myth.’
As long as Shirone came out after confirming the true nature of Babel, there was no way he could not believe it.
Also, if the myth was true, I had a vague idea of what spirit Shirone found there.
‘Probably the Ultima system. If Shirone has learned the language of the ancients, it’s a great opportunity for me too.’
Resis went to the iron cage on one side of the laboratory.
A hideous monster was banging its head against the barbed wire.
“Kick! Kiik!”
The biologists recording the monster’s condition shuddered each time the iron bars thumped.
The king of breeding, Garas.
It is an extraterrestrial species whose reproductive instinct is 100,000 times stronger than that of humans, and it is possible to mate with 1,027 creatures known to the Norse alone.
Humans are no exception, and even males are recognized as objects of reproduction even though only males exist biologically.
According to academic reports, when Garas tried to reproduce with a human female and a human male, the probability of success was only 2%.
There is no clear definition of a garas, as they can interbreed with any species, from small insects to giant monsters.
However, the organ called ‘protein palace’ that manipulates the amino acid sequence and the rapid cell division that creates the genital organs were common.
Although they are smart enough to have an average intelligence ten times that of humans, they are only interested in breeding, so they are known to have failed to achieve independent intellectual civilization.
The ultimate play of the developed intellect? Or a natural occurrence according to the unique environment in which they lived?
The cause is unknown, but what is clear is that Garas is a species that only breeds and is a quarantined species belonging to the highest risk group in Purgatory due to its powerful ability to break down the barriers between species.
“Commander, why did you bring something like this? Command is doomed if they are ever released. No, the entire area will become a colony of Garras.”
“are you okay. You just need to manage well. If you don’t have this, you can’t produce a clone of Shirone, can you?”
Although he succeeded in combining Shirone’s genetic information with the egg of a Norse, it was difficult to conceive due to subtle differences in the evolutionary process.
However, the problem could be solved neatly by using Garras’ genetic affinity as a link.
The biologist replied with a puzzled expression.
“then… … We will start today.”
“no. Before that, clone Flu first.”
“yes? why… … no way?”
The biologist’s face went pale.
Clearly, the combination of Shirone, Flu, and Garras can produce explosive clones.
However, even scholars who crossed the forbidden line could not help but feel remorse this time.
Because he is human too.
Made of flesh and blood, and loathe pain and death.
‘Is this woman really sane?’
That was all the biologist was curious about.
“Commander, do we really need to go this far?”
“Now it is an exhibition. You have to make small sacrifices to win. You’re helping me because you’ve already made up your mind, aren’t you?”
“But this… … .”
Laceys stopped talking.
“I don’t have much time. If the Babel Shirone is searching for is the Babel I know.”
“Why? I understand that Babel is a weapon created by the ancient Gaians to attack Heaven.”
“Of course it is.”
Lacey shut her mouth.
I’ll tell you in advance, there won’t be any need to upset the headquarters.
At that time, the person who sealed Babel was the archangel Kariel.
* * *
Niflheim.
The world of the dead where everything is frozen.
What unfolded before Gaold’s eyes was a vast ice sheet and a frozen mountain range that surrounded it farther away.
A world so cruel that a normal creature would be frozen solid before even encountering anything.
If Zulu hadn’t summoned the tier 2 monster Salamander to raise the temperature around them, they would have been in the same situation.
In any case, this is where the King of Giants, Ymir’s body is confined, ‘the wall of ice that never melts’.
The salamander, which was three meters long, was lying flat on the ground and generating heat with its whole body.
Even so, the ice sheet did not melt and did not even get wet, and rather, the salamander felt the chill and shivered.
Every time the flame weakened, the shape of a lizard, the true form of a salamander that you would never normally see, was revealed.
Gaold asked, spewing frost.
“How many?”
Gangnan checked the pouch.
“Twenty-four.”
“Right.”
Black Elixir is being collected later than expected.
The first commander of the rebels, Crude, said it was a 50% chance, but the chance of actually catching the demon and obtaining the elixir seemed to be less than 20%.
Of course, that alone is a very high probability, and with 24 elixirs, there is nothing that cannot be bought on the mainland.
However, it was insignificant compared to the results obtained at the end of penance, and a considerable amount of physical strength was lost in return.
‘cold.’
Gangnan emitted a long frost cloud.
Driving around Niflheim for six days was insane for a human to attempt.
Zulu also hasn’t been able to get any sleep since he hasn’t quit Salamander for a moment in six days.
Gangnan’s eyes turned to Gaold’s wide back.
how cold is it
If Gangnan is cold, Gaold is a thousand times colder.
If Gangnan moaned from frostbite to the extent that his fingertips were paralyzed, Gaold suffered a thousand times more than that.
‘How can you not even show it? How are you holding up with that?’
“At this rate, we’ll get tired first.”
Gaold looked back at the guide.
He was an old man with a scar on his face, with a rat-like appearance.
The reason he can roam around Niflheim is because he made a contract with the Ice Spirit with all his wealth.
However, no matter how high the value of the spirit is, if the magic skill is low, the place where you can’t even find it is purgatory.
In the end, the job he could earn was a guide in Niflheim, which had a high probability of death.
As much as risking their lives, the requirements were demanding.
They never get involved in battle, but they have to give 50% of the harvested items here.
There was no way Gaold would accept such an unfair contract, but he changed his mind when he realized that the probability of obtaining the black elixir after the first hunt in Niflheim was lower than expected.
Niflheim was an incredibly large place, and the frequency of meeting evil spirits was surprisingly low.
If you wander like this, you will collapse from exhaustion or freeze to death before you can fill the desired amount.
He decided that it would be better to hit the jackpot by entering ‘Hell’, where the ruler of Niflheim is located.
“How much further do I have to go? Hell or something.”
“Oh, if you go this way a little further… … .”
The guide who was pointing to the front closed his eyes tightly and shouted, as if he thought that it would not work in the end.
“no! I can’t go any further! Let’s go back!”
He was tired of Gaold’s group.
It is a land of death that no one approaches, but there are very few crazy people who enter with the goal of making a fortune.
The guide also explored Niflheim six times with such people.
It was once every two years, but it was a business that would be enough to get one black elixir, and if you get two, you can play for two more years.
Of course, before meeting Gaold and the others, all he had to do was to defeat the ghosts on the outskirts of Niflheim and pray for the black elixir to fall.
However, the current guides were different.
From the beginning, without even looking at the outskirts, he ran straight for Hel for six days, catching close to two hundred Grim Reapers.
Grim Reaper, the strongest evil spirit belonging to the Triple S hunting class in the mainland.
The guide couldn’t help but fall into incontinence when he saw the god of death wielding a huge scythe sitting on a black horse 5 meters tall.
I came all this way because I was fascinated by the fun of dropping the noble black elixir whenever I was bored, but to be honest, I just wanted to go home.
“okay? Anything you want to finish.”
Gaold obediently agreed.
However, one condition was added.
“If you want to break the contract and go alone.”
‘You evil bastard!’
The guide grinded his teeth.
I’ll have to put up with it because I can’t compete with power anyway, but a bitter feeling rang deep in my bones.
With 12 black elixirs, you can live happily ever after.
No, I will marry 100 native beauties. And I have to give birth to about 1,000 children.
It was an imagination based on evil, but it was the value of 12 black elixirs that made it possible in reality.
“Okay, let’s go all the way! But my role is until Hell. From there, I don’t even know the way!”
“Anyway.”
Gaold turned and started walking on the icy road.
Gaold was like a mountain to everyone, but his face was emaciated.
Zulu stopped sucking her black nipple and pointed straight ahead.
“There is something.”
The face of the guide who looked ahead was filled with emotion. It was an expression of pure professional calling.
‘I’ve lived here, so I’ve come this far.’
The reason why you can guide in Niflheim, a flawless zone where you can’t find any personality, is because the corpses of strangers who have invaded this place for a long time become a mark.
As Gaold’s group approached, well over a thousand creatures were frozen like statues.
They were in different time zones and different species, but all of them looked terrified.
“Is this the entrance to Hel?”
“wait. It’s my first time here too. According to our investigation… … .”
The guide took out his notebook and checked the memo. She turned her body around as if she couldn’t show it to anyone.
As the only Niflheim expert in the mainland, the notes were packed.
“Well, in the corpse of the Cathesis race frozen with one eye closed… … .”
The guide, looking left and right, noticed a bipedal creature with a long tail on the face of a lizard and approached it.
“The side the index finger of your left hand points to.”
The guide’s face wrinkled after checking his left hand.
‘Damn it, you only have three fingers. Which one is black?’
Presuming it to be the middle finger, the guide pointed at a 15-degree bend in the direction they had walked.
“If you go over there, Hell will come out. So at this point I… … Hee!”
The guide looked back at Gaold and stomped his butt with a surprised expression.
Terrible speculation was emanating from the party.
“I-that… … !”
A thick mist was rising over the ice.
It was a scene everyone was familiar with, but the situation was different this time.
As the black horse’s shape was revealed on the ice, it cried in a higher tone than the woman’s scream.
On the saddle, surrounded by black smoke, Grim Reaper clutched the reins, a four-meter scythe slung over his shoulder.
The number of objects is 40.
It was the largest number in a single battle.
“damn! damn! To die with 12 black elixirs!”
The guide poured out tears with a desperate expression as if he had already given up his life.
There was no one to comfort him.
Even Zulu thought it was a different level of difficulty than before.
“I will release the Salamander.”
If you’ve already exhausted your stamina, it’s a daunting feeling for Gangnan and Gaold to face.
However, Gaold overcame the gangranan and went alone towards the group of Grim Reapers.
“I am waiting here. Because you get caught up in it too.”
“Are you crazy? What are you going to do? And I’m not weak enough to get caught in battle!”
“I know. but… … .”
Gaold leaned over as if collapsing and looked back at Gangnan.
“It will be different this time.”
Gangnan’s face hardened like stone as he sensed something.
The hair starting from Gaold’s forehead was rapidly bleaching.
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 432 - Opportunity for Revenge (4) 1.txt
===============================
[432] Opportunity for Revenge (4)
Heaven’s Fifth Thousand Matei.
The giant, born from the sake of an anecdote, returns to Matei after realizing the law through a sacred ceremony in Jotunheim.
As ‘those who keep the law’, their main duty was to maintain the peace of heaven and fight against external forces.
Kariel, accompanied by Uriel, looked up at the huge castle towering over Matei.
At the appearance of the lofty archangel, the 15-meter-tall giants who had reached the 4th level of Ilhwa’s art bowed their heads.
I did my best to bend at the waist, but it was so huge that I couldn’t even come close to the top of Kariel’s head, which was 2 meters 30 centimeters.
Kariel snorted and passed through the front door.
Even so, his heart was in a very uncomfortable state.
Ymir, the king of giants, says that he can’t help it because he annihilated the ‘part’ and went into hibernation.
But at least for the corps commander, shouldn’t he have to come out barefoot and bow his head.
“These are real… … !”
The present situation in heaven was a mess.
After Shirone, the light of Area 73, broke the sobriety of the anecdote, the subjects began to suspect Ankera, and everything changed after that.
Kariel wanted to immediately fly to Purgatory and punish the rebels, but she couldn’t even protect herself unless she was accompanied by Uriel.
‘Let’s see. I’ll put an end to it sooner or later.’
If Jebul’s structure was perfect, Matei’s castle only competed with grandeur.
The colors of Mecha, Nord, and Kergo were not mixed, and materials in a pure natural state were piled up only with the power of giants.
Just looking at the gigantic pillars, which could only be carried by non-giants, showed their way of thinking.
After passing through the hall and climbing the central stairway as high as a wall, there was a line of giant guards reaching up to the ceiling.
Power enough to destroy the world.
But they never move. Until Ymir’s instructions were given.
“Why is the great archangel in such a humble place?”
Perhaps the smallest here, a 3-meter-tall giant approached, dragging a black cloak.
Although it is not large, it has a sense of weight that makes the floor vibrate with each step.
Girshin, the giant corps commander who has reached level 7 of Anecdotal Art.
If Ymir was like a rock in its natural state, he had the impression of a sword that had been forged a thousand times.
“Meet the corps commander Guru-sin, the angel.”
Standing in front of Kariel, Girshin immediately bent one knee and bowed his head.
Even a warrior known to be able to split a mountain with a single blow could not exceed the stature set by the law.
Kariel didn’t like that.
Among the eight archangels, he had nothing to say about force, so it felt like he could see into the hearts of those who worshiped the logic of force.
“Does the body become sluggish when it reaches level 7? You only moved 100 meters while I got here.”
Girshin raised one corner of his mouth.
“A giant does not have an infinite mind like an angel. He would have gone to meet him if he had sent a message in advance.”
Girshin’s response was certainly different from that of Ymir.
For a giant with a certain amount of hair, it would be a waste of time to find fault with the past.
“The reason I found it myself is to give you instructions.”
“What if you say instructions?”
“Lead the giant army and wipe out the rebels right now.”
Girshin’s brow narrowed.
We know from rumors that there is currently a conflict of opinion among the angels in Jebul.
However, ignoring Ra’s message about the prohibition of angelic activity and acting arbitrarily was another form of treason.
“Haona, Ra… … .”
“That’s why I found you. Ra’s message is valid only for angels. Above all, the current rebels are sweeping away the giants born from anecdotes as soon as they are discovered. There must be enough justification for the giants to move, right?”
Girshin realized that he was in a situation where he could neither subtract nor beat.
But he had no intention of moving the giant army.
They only follow Ymir.
The reason why Anchera obeys is also because Ymir obeys.
“sorry. I don’t think I can follow your will.”
Kariel’s face crumpled evilly.
The sound of the guards salivating resonated loudly like a heartbeat, but Girshin’s expression was calm.
“Are you going to refuse? Are you serious?”
Kariel opened the ‘Daebeopjeon’, a sacred object unique to the angel of birth.
It was an outright threat, and it meant that he would risk his life the next time he uttered the words.
“Don’t you know Kariel? Without King Ymir’s orders, the giants… … .”
“Aaaaaa! An insignificant giant!”
After closing the Great Law, Kariel frantically slashed Girshin’s head with it.
There was not the slightest hint of angelic dignity in his face as he screamed and waved his arms.
bang! bang! bang! bang!
No matter how weakened the archangel’s attack was, it was not negligible.
Blood ran down Girshin’s forehead, who just kept his mouth shut.
Uriel, who was watching with his arms crossed, thought of the sudden transformation of the angel he had known from the beginning.
‘This isn’t like you, Kariel.’
Archangel of Birth, Kariel. He was smashing Girshin’s head with the Great Law.
‘Are you so hateful to humans? No, you should know by now. You look like… … .’
Uriel got out of his thoughts.
Terrible killing spree was rising from the guards lined up on the left and right.
Although the status of the law is low, the pride of a servant is no less than that of an angel.
It was only natural that such a giant’s corps commander would feel resentment when he was subjected to humiliating violence in front of his subordinates.
thud.
As one giant stepped out and prepared to step out, Uriel’s starlight expanded into Halo.
Realizing this, Girsin broke his calm expression and looked back at his subordinate, widening his eyes terribly.
“Ugh… … .”
The Guardsman, overwhelmed by the eyes of the corps commander, quietly returned to his seat as if it had been a mistake.
Every time the Great Law was struck, cracks appeared on the floor and the ground caved in, but Girshin did not take any action.
‘Now is not the time to step out. Even if we attack in groups, Yuriel, the angel of destruction, will not win.’
An incarnation of destruction said to rival Ikael in his heyday even among the archangels in combat power alone.
‘You have to endure. Until our king, Ymir, comes.’
Kariel stepped back with her tired hands trembling.
It felt like the asteroid was blurring and the thought circuit was melting.
“haha.”
Girshin didn’t say anything, just staring at his own blood dripping on the floor.
It was an abominable sight to Kariel, who longed for creation.
“let’s go!”
As Kariel turned and walked away, Uriel finally showed his emotions and looked back at the giants.
The presence of the angels prescribed by the law made the giant’s two legs tremble.
“Be careful, Girshin. You are not Ymir.”
The body of Yuriel, who spread the wings of light, rose beautifully and turned into a flash of light and flew to the front door.
* * *
Gaold’s face, whose hair had turned white, was terribly contorted like that of a demon.
The powerful air gun spread through bullets and penetrated all 40 Grim Reapers.
Then, suddenly, the ice sheet vibrated and the Grim Reaper’s shape turned to smoke like an angry flame.
Ooh oh oh oh!
The hood disappeared, revealing a hideous skull.
When the deaf ears exploded, as if hearing them would drive you crazy, the guide clutched his head and collapsed.
“Aaaaaagh!”
I didn’t come here in the first place.
Black Elixir and luxurious life were just delusions to those who heard this.
“I, please… … Aaaaaaan!”
At the signal of the guide’s cry, Kang Nan kicked off the ground and ran.
Her expression was still not good. The accident was paralyzed as the incident from 10 years ago came to mind.
‘That fool!’
Grim Reaper, emitting a vivid light purple aura, swung his scythe roughly at Gangnan.
All of them were cutting beyond the level of Mach.
Although they are also made of a certain ‘material’, they seemed to operate in a completely different mechanism from the existing physical world.
Kang Nan, who evaded the attack with a nimble movement like a bouncing ping-pong ball, rushed to the dark horse’s leg and kicked it.
As the black horse’s thick legs suddenly broke, thick black smoke rose as if on fire.
Hey hey hey hey!
The black horse’s screams pierced his eardrums, but Kang Nan gnashed his teeth and endured.
I looked around in search of Gaold, but it felt like the world was enveloped in a black curtain because of the rampaging dark horses.
“I really can’t live!”
When Kang Nan, who was sitting down, pushed his strength, the thigh part of the stocking opened and a hole was pierced in a waterdrop pattern.
The moment the Grim Reaper’s scythe plunged vertically, her body soared 20 meters into the air as if it had escaped the gravitational field.
Gaold was seen buried among the many Grim Reapers. Every time Grim Reaper’s shape spread in smoke, a flash of iron-colored light raked the place where Gaold was.
Currently, the magic that protects Gaold is nothing more than an air shield that even beginners can use, but none of the attacks can penetrate the sphere’s defense.
“Big!”
As Gaold’s face began to contort like a goblin’s, Gangnan’s heart sank.
“no!”
Atmospheric pressure suddenly surged around Gaold.
Pain 100,000 times – air pressing.
Koo Goo Goo Goo Goo!
As the ice shook as if an earthquake had occurred, the black smoke body of the Grim Reaper was flattened like rubber.
“Whoa!”
Gaold puffed out his cheeks and took a deep breath.
In the meantime, the crushed Grim Reapers crawled out of the ground and returned to their original state from a distance.
It was a characteristic of Niflheim that it regenerated in an instant if you gave it a little bit of room to escape.
Gangnan, who came into the Grim Reaper’s siege, shouted as he walked quickly as if he was angry.
“it’s crazy! I really want to die… … !”
Gaold, his eyes wide open, parted his mouth faintly.
In front of that face, Kang Nan couldn’t nag.
It just didn’t make sense to be able to laugh.
“I told you not to come. I couldn’t finish it because of you.”
“Don’t talk nonsense. Don’t you know that everything ends when you die here?”
“don’t worry. It’s different from 10 years ago.”
Gangnan couldn’t stand it and screamed.
“It was still dangerous!”
autoreciprocal mutation.
It was the disease that Gaold got on the Day of Judgment of the Twenty.
The functional limitations of organisms are limited to the environment.
The reason humans burn is because they were born in a place without fire, and the reason Salamanders are not burned is because they were born in fire.
If it is the environment that sets the limits of a creature, Gaold has severed the link between himself and the environment through a terrible penance.
Because there is no environment, there is no limit to mutations that occur in the stem cell stage.
Even in everyday life, Gaold’s nervous system is at least 1,000 times more sensitive than normal people, and the world of Gaold was completely different from the world experienced by all humans.
Literally hell.
Even simply breathing in, it feels like glass powder goes into your lungs, and even a gust of wind feels like your skin is going to tear.
However, what he got in return was self-denial and unimaginable mental strength that no one could imitate.
“You know it becomes extremely dangerous from the pain 10,000 times! Even now, my hair is leaking and my memory is flying, but if I raise it beyond that, I will really die!”
“I will not die.”
Gaold turned coldly and walked away.
“As for the pain, I will never die.”
Kang Nan clenched his fists and bit his lip.
But in the end, as if resigned, he lowered his head and slowly retreated.
I knew the truth.
You don’t die because of pain, you suffer because you couldn’t die.
I don’t know why Gaold was cursed like this.
One thing was certain, it was the fact that there was no one else who could annihilate 40 of the strongest demons in an instant.
Gaold’s eyes slowly returned to normal.
Recovering his smile, he wiggled his fingers and taunted the Grim Reaper.
“Come on, you less-than-fallen skeleton gourds.”
Ooh oh oh oh!
It is unlikely that they understood human speech, but as if receiving a signal, all the Grim Reapers expanded their auras.
The screams of countless ghosts shook the snowy landscape, and a light purple aura swirled around like a whirlpool.
The whirlpool soon turned into thousands of skulls, all fired at Gaold.
The sun was obscured as the sky was covered in darkness, and thousands of skull bombs fell upon Gaold in the darkness.
“haha. Kkkkkkkkk!”
Gaold gritted his teeth and lowered his stance.
The pupils disappeared from his pupils, who wickedly tore the corners of his mouth.
Pain 100,000 times – air pressing.
Woooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo!
Everything poured down, and the great darkness was crushed with a roar.
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 433 - Opportunity for Revenge (5) 1.txt
===============================
[433] Opportunity for Revenge (5)
The ice sheet of Niflheim shook.
If you looked down from a high place, you would be able to see the rhythm of the ice molecules spreading out like concentric circles on the water surface.
Gaold stood in the middle of the wave.
He was standing and nothing was there.
“Big!”
Gaold gritted his teeth like a demon.
The veins that ran up his neck to his temples wriggled like an annelids.
The guide knelt on the ice and looked at the place where the Grim Reaper had disappeared, devastated.
“This, this is nonsense.”
At that time, the ice sheet could not withstand the waves and spread in all directions, causing thick cracks.
A zig-zag crack stretched out, curving toward the guide as if he were conscious.
“Hey!”
Nan Nan grabbed the guide’s collar and flung himself, and a 4-meter-wide crack quickly passed where they were.
The cracks stopped and the area became completely scorched.
It was the presence Gaold carved into Niflheim.
Whoa oh oh oh!
As the Grim Reapers ascended to heaven, they began to spit out the life streams they had accumulated throughout their lives.
“Huh? uh huh?”
The guide’s eyes shook in shock.
It was the first time in his life to see as many as 10 black elixirs flying into the sky at the same time.
Even my consciousness was confused by the powerful pleasure that made my heart stop just by looking at it.
As he watched the Elixir roll across the ice with a thump, he swatted his limbs like a madman and ran.
Without even noticing that his palms were being cut by the cold ice, he swept the elixir dazedly.
When I held it with both hands, it was quite heavy.
It was quite heavy, but it felt like I was carrying the heaviest thing in the world.
‘If this is all mine… … .’
The guide’s eyes were filled with desire.
However, the moment I saw Kang Nan’s cold face, my spirit flashed. Words she hadn’t even asked came out of her mouth.
“Oh, no, half of it is mine… … .”
“Pick it up. All.”
After confirming that the guide was frantically picking up the elixir, Gangnan turned to Gaold.
‘He’s like an idiot!’
Pain 100,000 times.
An experience that ordinary humans cannot even imagine. But for Gaold, it’s just a common reality.
After all, pain is just a special signal from the nervous system that is transmitted to the brain.
It’s just like that.
Human beings who have to live their whole lives enduring extreme pain that cannot be escaped or denied.
That was the curse placed on Gaold.
“are you okay?”
Gaold, who had regained his former form, wrinkled his nose like a mischievous person.
“Hey, what if it’s not okay? Can I kiss you?”
Gangnan snorted.
If that were to happen at all, how would Gaold deal with it?
Pain in the sensitive senses? The greatest thrill of your life?
“I’m sorry, but I don’t have that kind of hobby with old people.”
“Why is this? When we first met, he was so shy that he couldn’t even raise his head.”
Absolutely nothing like that happened.
However, Kang Nan recalled that time with a sad expression.
‘I… … Was it?’
I was relieved to see his bold appearance, but the more I did, the more I felt a fire raging inside me.
The sense of prestige soared 100 times in an instant.
Even an ordinary human will scream and roll on the floor if the pain of a cut fingertip is amplified 100 times.
However, Gaold is basically a human with 1,000-fold amplification.
I knew that it couldn’t really be okay without looking inside.
“Listen carefully. In the future, when raising pain… … .”
“I can see a little way now. Let’s go quickly.”
Gaold cut off Kang Nan’s words and headed to the guide.
Faced with reality, the guide’s face was completely terrified.
At the beginning of the journey, I even thought that I could take care of my share.
However, when he saw the force that destroyed 40 Grim Reapers in an instant, he realized where he had been brought to.
It wasn’t a question of betrayal or backstabbing.
In Niflheim, where there was nothing but ghosts, Gaold was like a god holding his own life.
‘It will kill me. I’m sure it will.’
The condition of having 50% of the Elixir harvested.
Proportionately, it’s strong, but in reality, if you get two black elixirs, you have one of them.
At least that’s how it was calculated so far.
However, as the number of elixirs increased, that 50 percent ratio began to feel like an enormous weight.
Wouldn’t there be a reason to keep yourself alive when you already had to pay a huge amount of elixir?
“How many did you collect?”
The guide winced and opened the pouch.
“Eh, so… … .”
14 obtained this time, 24 previously.
The thought of having as many as 38 black elixirs in hand made me feel like I was dreaming.
“As you can see, there are 38 of them.”
The guide added hastily.
“I-I don’t have such a big greed… … So please… … .”
“Go back.”
“yes?”
The guide, who was about to beg for help, raised his head with a bewildered expression.
“Leave half of it, take half with you. From now on, I’m not at the level where you guide me.”
If 40 Grim Reapers appear at the same time, there is no guarantee that more enemies will not appear the closer you get to Hell.
Giving up greed at this point was a good thing for the guide, and there was also a profit and loss calculation that said that 50% of the black elixir’s mass acquisition would increase over time.
‘Go back? Are you serious?’
maybe sincere
There is no reason for strong people who can kill themselves at any time if they want to stab them in the back.
The guide’s head began to spin rapidly as the most feared problem was resolved.
Return to the mainland with 19 Black Elixir.
You can live your life doing whatever you want for 38 years.
‘no. I’d rather use about 10 black elixirs to build a community. Then I’ll be able to play and eat for the rest of my life while managing my subordinates.’
However, unlike the head, the heart did not move easily.
If you build a community with 10 black elixirs, you have 9 left in your hand.
But the human heart is so strange, I felt as if I had lost 10 of the 19 that should have been there.
In addition, there was a feeling that there was something lacking in keeping the remaining 9 numbers for life.
‘Ai-san, if there was only one more, I would have lost my regrets. If it’s 10, what’s 10 or 9? It’s embarrassing.’
The feeling of having the whole world with just one black elixir had already disappeared before the greater greed that came after achieving it.
‘Yes, just one more. Even if I go back now, it’s just as dangerous.’
I’ve memorized the path of the Grim Reaper’s low incidence, but the data isn’t 100% accurate.
“What if I suddenly break the contract? I can’t back off like this. I will guide you to Hell.”
Gaold stared the guide in the eye.
It was a desperate look as if he had seized the last chance of his life.
“Cheuk, yes, if you’re a man, you’ll have to take a big hit. Guide me.”
“Your words.”
The guide quickly stood up and took the lead.
Tapping the bag full of black elixir, I remembered the words of my parents when I was a child.
Paddle when the water comes in.
#4. bioshock
“It’s done. Wake up.”
Shirone and Fleur took off their glasses and similar mechanisms and got out of bed.
I was quarantined for 7 days and had a physical examination once a day, and today was the day I had my brainwaves measured.
“In my opinion, there is nothing wrong with it. As of this time, the quarantine measures will be lifted, so you can go back to your accommodation.”
Shirone let out a sigh of relief.
The situation where I couldn’t even go to the bathroom properly for 7 days was finally over.
After leaving the examination room, Shirone and Fleur headed to the dorm side by side.
Shirone, who had been careful of what she said until now, opened her mouth.
“No matter how you think about it, it’s strange, right? Why are they examining us so persistently?”
I guessed from the beginning that infection with an unknown pathogen was just an excuse.
Even so, the reason I didn’t show it was because I didn’t want to lose even the opportunity to blow the counter in a situation where my hands and feet were tied.
“I doubt that too. The promised integration of the rebels is also sluggish. Now that containment has been lifted, something has changed. I’ll find out little by little while you focus on your foreign activities.”
“Is it really necessary? Maybe it has nothing to do with us.”
Team Shirone’s ground task is to unite the rebels.
Even if Reysis had a secret, if it was the internal circumstances of the headquarters, there was no need to scratch and scratch it.
‘no. There must be something.’
While in quarantine, information with the outside world was thoroughly blocked, but minor changes made while going to and from the examination room made her uncomfortable.
‘I’ll have to search at a level that doesn’t get caught.’
An old man passing through the hallway glanced at the flue.
* * *
Raysis entered the secret laboratory of the 2nd Command.
He was wearing a red cloak as usual, and his expression was in a state of deep recall.
“You sent the items requested by the night blind?”
“yes. Dismantling now. Please check.”
On the test bench, chunks of meat with a thick layer of fat were piled up inside the slime-stained gray leather.
On the table across from it, a part corresponding to the creature’s face was enshrined.
Reisis trembled when she saw the long snake-like snout and the jagged teeth embedded in the circular mouth.
‘It is certainly. I finally got it.’
Park Yo-jong and Jeremong.
As a creature belonging to the Purgatory Hunt Rank A class, it possesses the ability of Antithesis, which binds all targets other than its own kind.
In other words, it is a law that rejects the law, and it is assumed that it is a unique mechanism of the home planet where Izermont inhabits.
“I saw the night blindness so funny. It’s nowremon. You got it much faster than I thought, didn’t you?”
“I was surprised too. Even the elite soldiers of the headquarters raised both their hands and feet on Antithese.”
“I must have found a way to hunt or hired someone good. It could be both. let’s start anyway Activate the Fuzix Machine.”
Where Resis turned, there was a device in which a huge glass sphere was placed at each vertex of an octagon centered on a 4-meter-high glass tube.
Biological Mixer Fusex Machine.
It was a device that created a new organism with complex traits by mixing two or more types of organisms.
‘I have to strengthen Izermont somehow.’
Park Yo-jong Jeremon has excellent functions on its own, but it could be a more perfect weapon by combining various characteristics that can make use of the strengths of the antithesis.
‘An antithesis to the extent of suppressing the actions of angels. If it doesn’t have that much power, it can’t be used in war.’
After dissolving the various elixirs in perfect proportions, pouring water and adding the black elixir, a long black liquid flowed down the hose and into the barrel.
It was the ‘Plasm’ used in Anecdote’s sake.
Plasma, which reacts only to organic substances, melts living things and absorbs their own genetic information.
When this is mixed with another plasma and electrical stimulation is applied, a new organism with the characteristics of the two entities is created, which is exactly the same as the technique of the anecdote.
However, since humans are not the only materials, the probability of failure increases as the number of types increases.
The reason why Raysis had eyes on Shirone was to control the variables of interspecies union with the powerful spirit of the Nephilim.
“Commander, Izermont’s Plasma is complete.”
Raysis’s eyes sparkled with joy when she saw the bobbing plasma in the barrel.
It had a stench that made you want to cover your nose, but to her, it was the sweetest scent in the world.
‘I will evolve endlessly.’
It was the water of life that would lead her to the seat of a god.
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 434 - Opportunity for Revenge (6) 1.txt
===============================
[434] Opportunity for Revenge (6)
Isgermont’s Plasma was poured into one of the eight slots that could fit into the Fuzix Machine.
7 slots left.
Reisis planned to combine the traits of another creature, Volthum, Grabber, and Liston, to enhance Izermont’s antithesis ability.
Volthoom, which looks like a mosquito magnified a thousand times, has a unique trait called ‘blood adhesion’, which has an affinity for the target it sucked blood from.
It is presumed to be a psychological mechanism evolved to suppress the hemolytic reaction, and in the laboratory, it was used as a tool to subjugate living organisms through this characteristic.
“I will pour Volthoom’s Plasma.”
As Grabber, which has the ability to levitation, and Liston’s Plasma, which increases the activity of creatures, were poured in, the four types of creatures waited for them to mix in the Physics Machine.
Unlike an anecdote, in order to bring out a unique trait, a main type must be set. Currently, the main is Igermont, and three subtypes will strengthen the antithesis.
“Then let’s begin.”
When the button was pressed, all four types of plasmas, which were about half full in the glass sphere, were sucked into the central glass tube.
When electricity flowed through the vacuum, the liquid began to boil.
“Ohhh!”
It was a wonderful scene to watch.
Researchers who once felt repulsed by inhumane biological experiments, but at this moment, they could not turn away from the joy of the creator of creating creatures with their own hands.
As the electricity discharged through the glass tube, a powerful white light spread that blinded them.
While everyone turned their heads, only Laceys was watching the changes inside the glass tube with ecstatic eyes.
As a new species was born, the glass tube split into quarters and fell to the floor.
“Success!”
Researchers were awed by the completely different forms of life that deviated from their predictions.
It was a huge eyeball with a diameter of 1 meter, and the surface was covered with a thin epidermis that served as an eyelid.
If you hit it with your eyes, dark red tentacles stretched out from where the ganglion was connected and fluttered like a tail.
Biological Weapon – Akamai (Prototype)
A cold shudder ran through the laboratory.
Can we really call this a creature?
When I was looking at something of an organic quality that was completely unrelated to environmental factors and only suited to human purposes, I thought that there was nothing that should not happen in the world.
“Haaaaa.”
Reis’s red lips parted softly.
What a beautiful shape this is.
God gave creatures the possibility of infinite change.
“Huh!”
The face of Reisis, who had reached ecstasy, was distorted.
The red cloak fluttered and something violently squirmed inside.
The biologist approached, looking terrified.
“Commander, now we have to sign a contract… … .”
Reisis hurriedly corrected her expression.
Sensitive stimuli were unpleasant, as if the intestines were protruding, but fortunately, they permeated the body again shortly after.
“Yeah, I almost forgot that.”
Reisis slashed her wrists with her fingernails and delivered blood to Akamai.
Laryngeal. Laryngeal.
Akamai’s large irises tightened as the blood dripped onto his epidermis was absorbed.
Then, as if to show intimacy, he turned to Lacey and blinked his eyelids a couple of times.
Volthoom’s blood coalescence is complete.
“Is it a success?”
“of course. Became my faithful servant. So, shall we start in earnest from now on? Bring me a clone of Shirone.”
When the researcher contacted the basement, the floor cracked and Shirone’s clone came up on the elevator.
Currently, Shirone’s brain is empty.
It was like an animal with only basic needs like feeding and reproduction.
When the researchers put a device that they thought was an EEG into their eyes and shone light into their eyes, patterns of memories were transmitted across the retina.
It was similar to the way Arcane and Alfeas jointly researched.
However, the factor of failure is also the same, so the clones injected with memories die soon after their minds collapse.
Of course, it was an issue that had nothing to do with Raysis.
If Shirone absorbed all of the creature’s traits, all he had to do was swallow them with one gulp.
Kwa-kwa-kwa-kwa-kwa-kwa-kwak!
Berserk was cast on the bed where Shirone was lying.
The researchers who were swept away by the shock wave fell out, and Shirone’s body jumped out like a wild beast to find a safe place.
‘what? Where are you?’
Shirone moved her eyes left and right to gather information.
laboratory. laceys. Strange device I’ve never seen before.
Still don’t understand the situation.
I was obviously lying next to Flu and getting an EEG, but suddenly I was here.
“What have you done to me?”
“Um, well?”
Lacey patted her lips.
“I wish I could explain, but I won’t. I have a feeling I will have to say the same thing a lot in the future.”
Reisis flicked a finger, and Akamai, floating in the air, activated the antithesis.
“Keugh!”
As if the air had turned to hard iron, Shirone couldn’t lift a finger.
“This, this… … ?”
“Sorry. You must have intelligence to use the power of the Nephilim. It will be over soon.”
Immortal Function is something that begins with insight, and it was impossible for a clone with only animal nature to reach.
Shirone grinded his teeth.
Aren’t the eyes too happy to say I’m sorry?
Captured by Akamai, Shirone was transported in that state and entered the glass sphere of the Fuzix Machine.
Unlike the cadaveric experiment, it was a situation where the mental change had to be confirmed, so the method of putting the whole thing in and melting it directly was effective.
“Commander, what do I combine it with?”
A Nephilim with 100% affinity should be able to easily embrace the personality of any creature.
Also, in order to verify it, a creature with advanced features was preferred.
“Synthesize Akamai.”
“yes? but… … .”
“doesn’t care. After all, this is a prototype. This is a great opportunity to experiment with Shirone’s clone.”
The biologist obediently obeyed.
After the preparations for the experiment were over, the glass spheres in which Akamai and Shirone were trapped were filled with plasma.
The black liquid ran down Shirone’s neck and covered his face.
After a while, the water level dropped and flowed into the central glass tube, and Shirone’s figure disappeared without a trace.
The researchers looked nervously at the glass tube, which emitted a powerful light.
Main type Shirone, sub type Akamai.
The two organisms completely melted and were born into one organism.
“What, what?”
The glass tube was separated, and Shirone stood there with her eyes closed.
Even if the combination of functions is the center, since two creatures with different forms are mixed, there must be a change.
In an unexpected situation, the biologist corrected the glasses and examined them.
“Is this just a human? If the experiment failed… … .”
At that moment, Shirone’s eyes flashed open, and a light burst from the left pupil of a different color.
“Aaaagh!”
Researchers screamed in a bone-twisting posture.
Reisis, who hurriedly widened her distance, put on a bewildered expression.
‘Have you absorbed only the functions?’
The changes that take place in the state of Plasma are known only to those who have experienced them.
And Reisis was one of the humans who experienced the most plasma states in the world.
When you permeate the Plasma, your thinking stops. However, numerous signals are flowing in the liquid integrated into one material.
‘It’s an Ultima system.’
Therefore, if the unification signal can be controlled in the plasmic state, the possibility of selectively catering to functions and forms is sufficient.
‘This is dangerous.’
No, it’s a beautiful thing.
The ability to have the traits of any living creature that exists in the world.
It is literally reaching the realm of God.
“What have you done to me?”
Lacey’s lips quivered.
Shirone even controlled her consciousness. Akamai completely surrendered.
‘I want more, that ability.’
Laceys opened her arms and approached.
“Shirone, let’s become one with me.”
Shirone activated the antithesis. The mighty binding force stopped Reisis from walking.
But instead, she felt a sense of exhilaration.
It was a different level of strength from Isgermont’s Antithese.
Shirone mercilessly hit the photon cannon.
Resis slammed into the wall and the ceiling shook. Her cloud of dust grew in her presence with each hail of flashes.
“ha. ha.”
Shirone’s eyes trembled in shock as he exhaled heavily and glared forward.
Half of the face of Reisis, who appeared through the smoke, had turned into a hideous monster.
Its eyes soared as if it would rip off its forehead, its pupils were as thin as snakes, and three times as many teeth as human teeth were stuck between its lips that crossed its lower jaw.
“Kiyi, Shi… … Lorne… … .”
Giving goosebumps at the sound of scratching an iron plate, Shirone opened her palm to take out Armand.
‘Armed in gold… … uh?’
It was only then that Shirone realized that Kubrick was missing.
There’s no way someone took it. This is because he has never lost consciousness from the moment he received the EEG.
‘Could it be that I’m not me?’
Shirone quickly retraced the process so far.
Although he has never lost consciousness, the process from EEG to here is completely cut off.
The liquid seen in Anecdotal Sake. The change from being melted into it to being reconstructed into the Ultima System.
‘It’s cloned!’
Because it is not the main body, it is not wearing Kubrick. And Raysys is conducting an experiment using it.
‘A biological bond similar to the sake of an anecdote.’
An intense insight flashed in Shirone’s mind.
‘Armand, Armand… … !’
Something swung from behind Reisis’ cloak, and at the same time, Shirone’s neck was separated from her body.
“Whoa.”
Reisis quickly removed parts of her body.
It was a repulsive form, but the researchers couldn’t even express it.
The moment you give meaning to your body, your neck will fly off, just like Shirone.
“From now on, we are doubling clone production. Be sure to find out what changes have taken place.”
said the biologist anxiously.
“It’s too dangerous. Syrone controlled the biotic bond. If, by any chance, the commander is eaten back, no creature will be able to stop Shirone.”
Resis wasn’t happy with that either.
“For the time being, experiment with Type A only. The clone before going to Babel. It would be fine without the Ultima System.”
“But in the end, the main body is type B. The risk remains the same.”
“doesn’t care. If you set the main type to me, even the Ultima system won’t be able to use its power.”
According to the myth, Ilhwa’s liquor was created to destroy the Ultima system, but it was unpredictable unless you knew how much of it was true.
Reisis smiled bitterly.
“Even if I get eaten.”
“yes?”
“If I and Shirone become one, it will be something that is neither me nor Shirone. That’s it. If I can become one with Shirone, I won’t stop experimenting. Proceed like this.”
Even if you set the main type, what will eventually be born is just a completely new creature.
That’s why it didn’t matter to her what her defining characteristics were.
But the biologist was still reluctant.
The Raysis thinks that mixing is enough, but the Ultima system completely controls the biological combination.
And researchers know nothing about how that’s possible.
‘Yes, sirone can’t turn things around. At most, becoming one with the commander is everything.’
Nevertheless, the reason for his anxiety was his vast experience in the laboratory for a long time.
To be optimistic that nothing will happen means that the information we have is limited to a narrow framework.
Variables are always unknown outside of cognition. And when something starts to move in that darkness… … .
‘Is it really okay to proceed like this?’
Bioshock happens.
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 435 - Opportunity for Revenge (7) 3.txt
===============================
[435] Opportunity for Revenge (7)
Back in the room, Lacey unclips the cloak.
A red cloth trickled down her shoulders like a liquid and landed on the floor.
The photon cannon struck and through the torn clothes, the wounds that looked like fire were visible.
Annoyedly, Lacey threw off her clothes and stood in front of the mirror to look at herself.
What a hideous body.
A monstrous object that did not fit anything of truth, goodness, and beauty, and that no one could say was beautiful upon seeing it, was clinging to the neck.
His body was dry, distorted, and even dull in color, but even this was a result of desperate efforts.
“It’s disgusting… … .”
Reisis was a subject. It is also a very outstanding citizen.
However, he was listed as a subject of anecdotal alcohol because he approached the creation myth, which is forbidden from investigation in heaven.
It melts. Become a terrible giant.
It was a sin to even show fear in the face of divine magic, but she knew it.
The fact that the alcohol of anecdotes is the most terrible tragedy that human beings can experience, and the end more gruesome than death.
Like some of Anecdote’s drink subjects, Reisis also purchased the stimulant Epines through a secret route.
No one knows if it works, but even this is valuable to someone who has reached a dead end.
Leisis held Epines like the water of life and sat on a bench in the plaza and prayed fervently.
‘I hope my spirit dwells in the giant’s body.’
“Do you want to live?”
A voice came as if it had answered a call.
It was a middle-aged man with a benevolent look and a handsome beard.
I heard rumors that there were people who tried to analyze and approach it academically when everyone believed in the magic of anecdote as a sacred magic.
The man was also of that kind, and he passed on a secret art to Reisis.
“If you want to live, eat this before you get into Ilhwa’s sake.”
What the man handed over was a small gourd the size of a finger.
“What’s in it?”
“fly.”
“Ugh!”
Reisis frowned, but the man spoke sternly as if revealing an important fact.
“Swallow it alive. Then you will be able to live.”
Just imagining it was disgusting, but because it was a life-and-death matter, Reisis couldn’t bear to throw away the vial.
Thus, the anecdote’s sake was implemented, and Reisis opened the lid of the vial with the thought that it would be worth the money.
When I put the spout of the bottle in my mouth and raised my head, something hard went around my mouth. Vomiting set in.
Resisting the feeling of disgust, Lacey swallowed the fly.
Kergoin came in, undressed her, and led her to one of the eight glass spheres erected next to the giant’s statue.
‘Please, please save me.’
While the plasma filled up, Reisis was so terrified that she couldn’t even open her eyes and prayed.
The black liquid filled the glass sphere, and her body was disentangled and mixed with the others.
I felt like I was drunk in a place where countless consciousnesses merged.
It was different from the expected death, but it was a hopeless state that could not even feel alive.
The giants born in each district gathered together and started a procession toward Jotunheim.
As the day passed and a new dawn broke, one of the countless giants knelt down screaming.
The giant’s body was soon separated into flesh and bones, and it melted and flowed like porridge.
Only Reisis was crouching on her knees in the place where the foul smell emanated.
“omg! omg!”
Upon regaining consciousness, the first thing she realized was the joy of life.
The man was right.
After eating the fly, he really came back alive from the giant’s body.
‘it’s okay! I live!’
thud! thud!
When giants much taller than her height shook the ground, she set aside her joy for a moment and jumped.
It was much lighter than before, and it felt good.
I was just thirsty.
When I thought about that, to my surprise, I felt that there was a spring water several kilometers away.
‘Your senses are sensitive. Could it be the ability of a giant?’
I ran and ran, but I couldn’t even breathe.
The moment she finally arrives at Ongdalsaem and bends her upper body for haegal,
“Quaaaaaaagh!”
The forest was embroidered with the screams of Reisis, who was filled with despair when she found her face reflected in the water.
What is crueler than the shock of seeing a terrible face is that it is none other than one’s own image.
Reisis shouted like a madman.
“no! give me back my body! I mean bring it back!”
At that time, the man who taught Reisis the secret art slowly approached through the forest.
The one who turned Reisis into a monster.
But now, many years have passed since then, she suddenly remembers it.
Maybe that man was the only one who fully acknowledged himself.
“Why, why did you make me like this! Why did you do this to me!”
“Because I said I wanted to live. What could be more important to living things than that?”
“Don’t talk nonsense! If it were you, would you be able to live with such an ugly appearance?”
The man laughed.
“Whatever it is, you are you. By destroying form, you have acquired infinite form.”
Reisis looked at the man walking away with a devastated expression.
In the midst of the terrible fact that there was no way to turn it back, she came up with the only question.
“you are… … Who the hell are you?”
The man stopped walking and turned his head slightly. And he said his name was Satan.
Reisis looked at her reflection in the mirror with cold eyes.
How many humans did he combine with to become at least a human-like form?
It absorbed the traits of Norse, Kergoin, Mecca, and even those from the Land of the Earth.
It brought powerful weapons and vast knowledge to Raysis, but it also produced severe side effects.
Abnormal changes occurred in various parts of the body even if he was a little careless, and he also moved regardless of his will.
“Shirone. You are my savior.”
Shirone’s spirit can contain all qualities, and she intended to blend the most beautiful beings in the world.
It was the body of an angel.
* * *
Second thousand Rakia. City of fallen angels.
A place where since ancient times, the angels who were negligent in their duties, obsessed with their own power, and wielded the law at will, were imprisoned.
Kariel looked down from above Rakia.
Still, the dissolute fallen angels were wasting their life spans of eternity in their idleness.
“Heh, useless things.”
Kariel turned his attention to Rakia after requesting support from the giant corps leader Girshin, but was rejected.
Fallen angels are also angels, so there is no reason not to obey Ankera’s message, but he was confident that one person would be an exception.
Ikasa, the angel of desire.
A fallen angel who captured Amy’s group and offered them to the Buddha during the incident in Area 73.
At that time, Ikasa wanted to be reinstated as a normal angel for bringing three virgins to Kariel, but as Shirone left for the original world, he was punished more severely.
That’s why, while countless fallen angels were killing time in vain, she alone was circling endlessly in an infinite orbit 300 meters underground, tied to a giant iron ball.
“ha. ha.”
An iron ball with a diameter of 20 meters rumbled through the grooves and rolled at terrifying speed.
In the afterimage of the rotation, Ikasa’s sorrowful face with her eyes covered and her mouth plugged passed by.
Kariel admired the trajectory of the iron ball until it turned around once, then reached out his hand toward the iron ball returning.
The asteroid flashed and unfolded into a ring, and the iron orb, which was pushing like a giant wall, came to a halt with a bang.
“Huh, huh.”
Tied to an iron ball with her back bent like a bow, Ikasa let out a painful groan as she sighed.
As Kariel cut off the skin covering her eyes, Ikasa lifted her eyelids tiredly and burst into tears.
“Hey hey… … . Hwahui… … .”
finally came
The archangel Kariel, whom everyone believed would know even if they turned away, had arrived.
“Ikasa, there is something you must do.”
Ikasa nodded her head.
“Shirone is back. Maybe it will be fun for you.”
“Hey! Hehehe!”
An exclamation of hatred erupted from Ikasa’s throat.
Kariel nodded in satisfaction and dismantled the things that bound her.
Ikasa, who was sitting on the floor, did not even have time to take care of herself, raising her head and being polite.
“Please use me, Archangel of Birth.”
“Kill Shirone. as painfully as possible. Bring his grievous face in front of me. Because there is an angel that I must show you.”
“That is my joy. However, as a lowly person, I have no way of knowing where the abominable Shirone is.”
Kariel opened the Great Law and checked the status of the central processing unit of Jebul.
The map representing the entirety of Purgatory was being engulfed in red light. In proportion to the area, it was a tremendous speed.
“Babel is searching the skies above purgatory. You should be able to search all coordinates until the day of the full moon. When that time comes, your chance will come.”
Ikasa’s eyes flashed.
Come to think of it, the day of the full moon was approaching.
The time when the law of the negative season is at its strongest in purgatory. It was also a time when she, her fallen angel, could become the most powerful.
‘Wait, Shirone.’
Ikasa’s eyes were filled with the desire for revenge.
* * *
Around midnight, Fleur’s door opened.
She was Jonah, so there was no need to show her face.
Confirming that there was no one in the hallway, she closed the door with a nimble motion and entered the depths of the headquarters.
If searching is the main thing, one is better than two, and the risk of getting caught is reduced.
Now was the right time for Shirone to be dispatched as a subordinate unit of the 2nd Command to unite the rebels.
‘No matter how you think about it, it’s suspicious. What are they doing?’
Flew, who was moving along the wall, turned a corner and hurriedly turned around.
At the end of the corridor, two sentries were walking and talking.
“Hey, sleepy. don’t they sleep What are you going to eat at this hour?”
“Geuk, eat as much as you want. It’s livestock anyway.”
The sentry suddenly stopped walking around the corner with a plate full of food.
a colleague asked.
“What, why?”
“No, I think something moved over there.”
The sentry passed the tray to his colleague and walked to the shadow cast on the wall.
There was nothing suspicious about it.
“weird. I must have dreamed of something.”
“You must have mistook it for a torch.”
“Oh, is that so?”
The flue that came down from the ceiling landed where the sentries had passed. Then a drone flew in silently and clung to his shoulder.
‘Phew, it’s surprisingly difficult to control. You almost got caught, right?’
But thanks to that, I was able to overhear the sentry’s words.
‘Are you giving me food at this time? to whom?’
Fleur followed them.
When the sentry reached the wall and touched the torch hanger, the wall opened and a secret stairway appeared.
After waiting about a minute, Flew opened the wall and went down the stairs in the same way they did.
The space was much larger than expected. Corridors connected in all directions, and there were dozens of laboratories alone.
‘What about the sentries?’
When an algorithm was applied to collect sounds by maximizing the spirit zone, their voices came through.
“You eat well like a pig. Well, where else could there be a life as happy as yours? i envy you.”
“Heuk, if you’re envious, you can go in too.”
The voice stopped for a moment.
“Shit, I hate this because it’s embarrassing. Are you literally cattle?”
As the sentries left, Fleur, who had been peeking from afar, approached the iron gate.
It was a structure that could only be opened from the outside.
‘Because what the hell is here?’
Flew’s eyebrows twisted as he put his ear to the iron door and listened.
She suddenly felt that she shouldn’t check inside, but in the end she opened Pandora’s box.
“This, this… … !”
Flew’s eyes were shocked as he peered through the cracks in the unlocked iron door.
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 436 - Opportunity for Revenge (8) 2.txt
===============================
[436] Opportunity for Revenge (8)
“Geumgang Armed Forces.”
Shirone stood Armand upright and murmured, and the blade covered his body in an instant, transforming into an organic robe.
The cheers of the Nord crew broke out.
Currently, Shirone was touring the units under the 2nd Command and integrating the rebels.
Today was the last day of the schedule, and since someone expressed doubts after seeing Shirone’s sword, they even demonstrated it.
Since swords were the exclusive property of Kergoins in heaven, it was not unreasonable that the Norse mages were puzzled.
‘Whoa, this looks like a performance.’
The name value of the light of Area 73 was definitely great.
At least, the reaction of those who were directly running in the field was much better than that of the headquarters.
-Concentration point shape change. Unified signaling system detection.
‘what?’
Shirone narrowed her eyes at the information she had never heard before.
As we focused on the voice, Armand delivered a new fact.
– User cerebral search. synchronization. Presenting the possibility of integration into a single mental system.
‘Ah, the Ultima system.’
When a special change occurs in Shirone’s mind, Armand’s function changes accordingly.
It was only natural that Armand’s arithmetic ability was borrowed from Shirone’s brain.
-Name, Ultima System. When combined into a single mental system, it cannot be reproduced, transferred, or terminated.
-Waiting for user decision.
‘Cannot cancel? Is there such a case?’
It meant changing from a contract-type object that could be canceled at any time to an belonging-type object.
Perfect personalization weapon.
In a sense, it was completely owned by Armand, so it wasn’t a bad thing, but it was necessary to think deeply.
‘Once it’s mine, I can’t even sell it.’
Market value 4 billion gold.
Of course, it is unlikely that Armand will be sold for any amount, but it was bad taste to remove the possibility of transfer outside of money.
‘What if they integrate?’
– Unpredictable.
Armand couldn’t find an answer to that.
Armand couldn’t analyze what Shirone didn’t know.
‘Anyway, I have no choice but to do it.’
Shirone put aside his lingering feelings and decided to share the Ultima system with Armand.
If you exchange information with a single signal, you can feel Armand almost like your own skin.
The variables of the future were incomparable to the desperation of the present.
Since I came to heaven, there was no tomorrow, and if there was any room for reinforcement, it was a reasonable choice to desperately cling to it.
– Construction of an integrated mental system.
“Huh!”
Shirone lifted her head and opened her upper body wide.
Armand’s organic matter rapidly tightened and put pressure on his body.
Dozens of tentacles protruded like thorns and moved in and out, then entangled like a whirlwind and changed their shape.
“Whoaaaa!”
The rebels watched Shirone with their eyes wide open.
The rag-like robe had changed into a simple and neat appearance.
<Demonic Sword Armand> Ultima Version (Equipment : 0)
In Shirone’s thoughts, the ideal magician’s robe was embodied as it was, controlling even the organic ends.
‘tremendous. It’s just my body.’
Until now, if information had been shared through the brain, signals were now coming and going from the realm of instinct that bypassed rationality.
It was literally an integration.
She transformed Shirone’s complicated mind into a simple signal and put it into an object.
Therefore, Shirone and Armand were able to achieve perfect compatibility and connect to the end of the ganglion.
‘Two Ultima systems… … .’
Another object that can be controlled by unifying all signals, whether living or non-living, was created.
Even Shirone didn’t know how this would play out in the future, but one thing was clear.
“Hey Nephilim! Lead us to victory!”
“Until the light of Area 73 becomes the light of Heaven!”
It was a perfect situation for directing propaganda.
* * *
Jinmai Sikjong Galtomic.
It is a powerful species that corresponds to the Purgatory Hunting Rank S. It is a gel-type collapse type with no clear shape, but when attacked, it absorbs the law of evil and transforms into a powerful entity.
Galtomic, who is currently driving Armin’s party, was a mixture of the upper half of a human and the lower half of a horse.
Every time he swung his fist, a black flash raged, and rocks the size of a cliff were shattered.
If it is an S-class creature, it means that it is so powerful that it has no natural enemies in an environment within a radius of 100 kilometers.
Above all, Galtomic’s true value lies in his immense magical ability to absorb the law and transform it into his own power.
“Crow! Crow!”
Galtomic flew up with a unique scream and swung both fists like a gale, and the ground was devastated as if the distance had disappeared.
Armin’s party, scattered in different directions, launched a counterattack.
A blizzard fell and the temperature dropped sharply, and Quan and Ethella laid siege to Galtomic.
Rhythm within rhythm blended as if the sword and fist were joined together, and in the tight tempo of the attack, Galtomic was shocked and fell to the ground.
As Armin casts his slow magic, Shiina’s glacier bombing falls on Galtomic’s head, who is trapped in slowing time.
When a glacier weighing nearly 60 tons crashed, the ground trembled.
Galtomic, who squeezed out the last of his strength in the rising cold haze, flew towards Shiina like a spear of a man.
At the same time, Kuan, who flew in an S-shaped trajectory, appeared as if floating in front of Shiina and rotated.
Quan’s sword split the Galtomic in two as the air quiver from the high-speed rotation of 10 times per second pierced the eardrum.
Whoops.
Kuan’s rotational force was transmitted to Shiina through the wind.
Added to her freezing magic, the bridge of her nose was cold.
Shiina has more than ten ways to defend against a surprise attack that she has learned through experience, learning, and training, but in this case, of course, she would have to say hello.
“thank you. Thanks to you, I was safe.”
“I was just waiting for an opportunity to blow the counter.”
Shiina stopped talking and looked at Kuan’s back as he walked away.
It’s a fact that I came to know better after coming to heaven, but he had a really cold personality.
It was essentially different from Shiina’s coldness.
‘I want to have a deep conversation with you at least once… … .’
Shiina gradually became interested in the swordsman named Kuan, but on the contrary, Kuan only deepened his sense of shame.
‘Damn it! It’s completely gone.’
There were no technical mistakes in slashing Galtomic. The only problem was the beating heart.
The thought that passed through my mind at the moment of the sword was that I want Shiina to recognize her true value.
It was an unfamiliar feeling to Kuan.
I’ve never wanted to look into someone’s thoughts.
But now it was different.
He wants to know how his actions are affecting her.
‘Calm down. This is a battlefield and my grave.’
“Siena, are you okay?”
Shiina, who had been looking at Kuan, corrected her expression as soon as Armin came and turned away coldly.
“I’m not a child, so I’ll stop worrying about that now.”
Ethella organized the three emotional arrows pointing in different directions in her head.
It can’t be said that teamwork is good, but maybe this situation creates a strange synergy.
‘Anyway, you’re amazing, Mr. Armin.’
Galtomic was a powerful creature that could not be inferior to any other monster on the continent.
Of course, he had never been weak in hunting so far.
Nonetheless, it was the success of the four people that made it possible to win, but it was Armin’s contribution.
Crowd control presents a lethal opportunity in combat. And Armin, who is currently in the party, is probably the most powerful crowd control mage in the world.
‘If I keep going like this, I’ll be able to run the factory soon.’
As expected by Etela, when she arrived at Nightmaeng, the bodyguards whispered.
At first, I was dubious, but after a long day, I caught an A-class or higher creature, and even the hatred of cutting off my colleague’s throat on the first day became colorless.
Frank Wein, who confirmed Galtomic’s corpse, raised the corner of his mouth.
“Awesome. I didn’t expect to be able to find a strategy so quickly.”
I had never thought of a strategy like that. Armin’s crowd control was so effective.
“I’m just asking because I’m curious, what kind of elixir came out of it?”
Ethella obediently revealed.
“12 White Elixir, 32 Intermediate Green Elixir, 15 Advanced Red Elixir.”
“Awesome. You worked hard, how about taking a break for a while? If that’s the case, it’ll be enough to spend on a spree on the mainland.”
said Armin.
“I am not here to play. Feeder Kuzen, Photosynthesizing Monster Olkir, Carnivorous Mineral Ringer. If you kill these three types of monsters, the contract will be concluded.”
“of course. From then on, I’ll give you the whole factory building, so let’s make whatever we want to make.”
“Let’s go.”
As Armin and his party left the room, Mitgan, who was standing next to Frankwine, said.
“Anyway, isn’t it too fast? Even the best hunters on the mainland catch galtomic over several days.”
“Perhaps it is because of that blind man. Others are usable, but that blind man has a different feeling. In terms of hunting grade, it is more than Triple S.”
Frankwine’s chok was animalistic in hunting as well as business.
“That’s why I’m concerned. It may become an obstacle to night blindness in the future.”
“It’s okay, it’s okay. Do merchants do business while going after people? Send the corpse to Resis. Don’t forget our conditions.”
Mitgan seemed to have something more to say, but eventually shut up and left the room.
The corners of Frankwine’s mouth, left alone, were grotesquely torn.
‘Keukkeukke, it turned out to be a huge game. Right, Raysis?’
* * *
The Fuzix Machine flashed.
As the glass tube disintegrated, Shirone, whose biological bond had ended, popped out.
The type A clone without the Ultima system was clearly different from the type B.
So far, certain traits have been accepted without difficulty, but a level of collapse that cannot be overlooked has occurred, and the shape has not been controlled.
Shirone’s body was covered with red scales, and smoke rose from one eye.
It was a day when a comprehensive fusion of the corpses received in the night blind was held. And it was also the day when the traits of Galtomic, a Jinmai plant, were added for the first time.
“Yes, Commander. Look at these numbers! Awesome!”
The value of the horsepower measuring device developed in-house was rising exponentially.
Galtomic’s magical power amplification combined with Shirone’s incarnation was emitting tremendous magical power.
Akamai shook as Shirone’s mana exploded.
Even though Akamai was further strengthened from the prototype, it was powerful enough to break the Antithesis.
Wow!
As photon cannons were fired in all directions of the laboratory, Raysis looked at Shirone with wonder.
‘Ah, Shirone. You are so beautiful.’
It was demonic love.
A love that has no consideration for the other person, only possessiveness.
“Commander! Action must be taken! Then the lab… … !”
Until the researcher’s cry was drowned out by the roar of the photon cannon, Resis did not even move.
As the combination progresses, Shirone is getting closer to being the strongest creature.
And all the information obtained here will be used to strengthen Akamai.
“Whoop whoop. Shall we start with the first kiss?”
Lacey’s skin began to redden, and her back stretched as it bent, and vertebrae jutted out along her back.
The thighs hardened like rocks, and the soles of the feet stretched like reptiles.
“Kuaaaaa!”
Smoke, a mixture of fire and lightning, vomited straight from her mouth, covering Shirone.
“Great!”
Shirone’s body melted, but was regenerated in an instant.
It was the trait of the immortal cell proliferation body, the sensor.
“Kyakyakyakyakya! That’s cool, Shirone! Do you think so too?”
Shirone disappeared with the ability of Hororos, the invisible ear.
Since there is no Ultima system, the nature of various monsters was working in his mind.
“has disappeared! Find it quickly!”
As soon as the researcher reached the scanning device, a spurt of goo melted him.
“Aaaaaaa!”
Acid Poison King Muusa’s ability.
If it hits properly, even the super-strong metal prepared with the elixir will melt away.
Toxic fumes rose as the slime fell to the floor.
Researchers gripped her throat and suffered, and Reisis held up her wide hands to stop the mucus.
In an instant, the hands flowed down, exposing the bones, and even the bones fell like burnt matchsticks.
“Keugh!”
Raysys was also at its limit this far.
If you fight further, the laboratory will be destroyed as the researcher said.
“Release Akamai!”
The researcher, who was on the verge of fainting, pressed the scanning device.
When Shirone’s coordinates were confirmed, three more Akamai came in from the left and right walls and activated the Antithesis.
Veins stood up in Akamai’s eyes as he desperately held on to Shirone.
Even so, Shirone was moving slowly.
The face of Reisis, who had turned into a monster, was distorted in an embarrassing way.
‘I can only catch them with four Akamai.’
It is not simply because new traits have been added.
Through biological feedback, Shirone’s potential was exploding.
* * *
Armin’s group faced difficulties for the first time after receiving the list from the night blind.
The creature that put them in trouble was Ringer, a carnivorous mineral species belonging to the hunting grade Double S.
2 meters tall and weighing 14 tons.
It has four legs, but when in a hurry, it rolls its body round like a ball.
Its high speed also made hunting difficult, but the most serious was its grayish-white metal-covered carapace.
Kwak Kwah Kwah Kwah!
In the place where Ringer rushed, there was no doubt that a path was formed, and trees and rocks exploded without any cover.
Armin cast two types of slow magic on the left and right of Ringer. As the time zones diverged, the ringer bounced at a tremendous speed.
bang! Kwak Kwa Kwa Kwam!
Judging from the relativity of time, it was an attack that should have torn apart even the rebar, but Ringer just rolled around like a ball that ate a rough turn.
“Whoa, this is really… … .”
Armin was also the first to see such a creature.
Although there are many types of strength, Ringer was a creature that was unrivaled in durability.
After confirming that Kuan’s sword did not even go through her teeth, Ethella made a decision.
“If you do it this way, you won’t be able to catch it even when the sun goes down. We cooperate.”
Shiina said.
“Brother slow down the ringer with a slow. I’m going to cast Absolute Zero.”
Etel also thought that method was good.
“Then I will finish.”
After a short meeting, the actual match was held immediately.
As the ringer caught in the slow slowed down, Shiina hit with Absolute Zero, the strongest spell of freezing.
“Kiaaaaaa!”
At the same time, Ethella rushed in.
Thousands Arms Guanyin Lightning Strike.
Ethella’s body, which continued to hit the uppercut, caused afterimages in place.
As the pair, which can be said to be the peak of the fire, entered, 68,000 interference waves occurred.
Cuckoo coo coo!
Crouching Ringer’s body shook heavily.
Five seconds later, the carapace subtly went into incontinence, and Ringer’s body exploded with a bang.
“Whoa.”
Ethella sat down with a tired expression.
The most astonishing thing was the durability of the Yin-Yang Wave Fist, which only caused incontinence.
“It is reckless. It was definitely a double S level.”
Armin agreed.
“If it wasn’t for the wave series, it would have been much harder to deal with. I’m curious when it comes to this. Why does Night Blind collect the corpses of these creatures?”
match. match. match.
Just then, applause came from the forest.
Feeling an ominous feeling, Armin and the others turned their heads, and there was silence for a while.
It was the Cage B team we met on the mainland. At the front, assistant team leader Horkin was approaching with his hands behind his back.
“See you again in a place like this.”
Ethella said with a smile on her face.
“Iknow, right. It must have been related in a previous life.”
“It was a great inaction, as I had heard rumors. by the way… … Where is Gaold now?”
“yes?”
Horkin raised a corner of his mouth at the sight of Ethella pretending not to know without changing her expression.
“I’m sorry I didn’t know at the time. Bishop of the Carsis Monastery, Miss Romi Etela.”
As if it was a promise, life bloomed in everyone’s body.
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 437 - The Day of the Full Moon (1) 1.txt
===============================
[437] The Day of the Full Moon (1)
silence.
Various emotions crossed in the silence that could not be added.
Ethella corrected her expression as if she had never done that and looked closely at Horkin.
It had to be assumed that he had already noticed, and in such a situation, the question of ‘how?’ was not important.
“It was an excellent performance. If you were Gaold’s group, you would have known that we were the Cage team that the Association had sent to.”
A long time ago, when Horkin wasn’t as gray as he is now, there was a rumor spread all over the country that a genius monk had come out of the Karsis Monastery.
Although Karsis is famous on the continent, it was also a fact that could not be known unless you were particularly interested in the composition.
At that time, Horkin had stopped by the order’s headquarters for a mission and saw a young girl at the succession ceremony there.
‘I almost missed it. I’m glad I haven’t gotten dementia yet.’
It was Romi Ethella.
A teacher at Alpheas Magic School.
What are the odds of meeting a teacher from Gaold’s school in heaven?
Even if it could be a realistic probability to some extent, Horkin’s point was certain that Etela was the clue they were looking for.
“Is it the last resort of those who knew and pretended not to know? Then an excellent choice. Now that you’ve pulled enough, can you tell me where Gaold is?”
The 20 wizards standing behind Horkin overwhelmed Armin’s party with their terrifying energy.
‘It’s dangerous.’
Judging by Armin as a mage, head-to-head confrontation is difficult.
Of course, his teammates were also very strong, but they were also Romi Ethella and Olifer Siina.
While everyone was watching the opponent’s reaction, the swordsman Kuanman walked forward.
As a swordsman who has wandered the battlefield, I know how great they are, but the swordsman just fights to slash the enemy in front of him.
“Do nothing. If it moves at all… … .”
Horkin asked.
“What if it moves?”
Kuan’s body flew and spun in an instant.
However, Horkin was no longer there when the strong wind blew.
‘Things like rats… … .’
Ten meters away from Quan, a man in a weasel coat was holding Horkin by the back.
As a search-type wizard, Stiklo, he is a certified 5th-class wizard who majored in sonar magic.
The propagation speed of sonar in a liquid medium is approximately 1,500 m per sec.
If the transmission speed exceeds Mach 4, a clumsy attack will not work from the beginning.
Stick said in a dry voice.
“You are quick-tempered.”
“Doing nothing… … .”
Kuan threw herself again.
“It means don’t even tease your tongue.”
Starting with Kuan’s preemptive attack, 25 people moved at the same time.
With each individual movement showing off, Aroella of Fire aimed at Shiina and approached.
“Fire Extreme!”
Dense flames dripping from Aroella’s head soared, forming a torrent of fire that struck Shiina.
Shiina clenched her fists and widened her eyes.
The air froze with the sound of breaking glass.
Thousands of thorny flowers bloomed, and the flames of Fire Extreme quickly cooled as if they were drowned in water.
‘It’s definitely not a friendly team.’
The two teams, having tasted the capabilities of their opponents once, entered a full-scale confrontation.
As Cage Team B stepped forward in earnest, the balance of power began to tilt rapidly.
Team leader Rose’s fragrance magic disturbed the spirit, and when Mami’s speech magic was cast, the ground swayed like a wave.
With all kinds of buffs, shields, recovery magic, and a show of force by a battle mage who was not inferior to the swordsman’s incompetence, Armin’s party was pushed back two kilometers from their original position.
water dragon.
A huge stream of water cast from the water-powered mongrang swept everywhere.
Absolute Zero.
When Shiina casts a lethal magic while dealing with Aroella, the water dragon froze in its form.
On top of that, Ethella ran.
Yin-Yang Wave Fist – Short Wall.
From a distance of 10 cm, her fist struck Mont Rang’s side dozens of times.
The heavy liquid defended the impact point, but even that was shattered by the power of the wave.
‘We have to reduce at least one person!’
The moment she took a step and was about to finish, the bald man rolled on the floor hugging Ethella’s shoulders.
He was in a state of close contact so that he could not budge, but the veins that rose from his bald temple gradually thickened.
‘Keugh! What kind of woman is strong… … .’
Indeed, he is the bishop of the Karsis Monastery.
Ethella tried to stand up, but the bald head, who knocked her down, opened her mouth wide and bit her neck.
It was the ability of Benifis, a battle mage who strengthens his strength by eating the opponent’s flesh.
As Benifis munched on Ethella’s flesh and raised her head in rapture, Ethella raised her upper body and delivered a head-butt.
Kwajik!
Benifis’ nose is broken.
However, thanks to various buffs and recovery magic, the embracing posture did not loosen.
“Now!”
At Benifis’ cry, Tarvan held out both palms.
It was Kaiser Blast, the vacuum bombing that destroyed the Demon God Belkyr.
Whoa!
Armin’s party spread in a fan-shaped formation was meaningless, and the radius was so wide that it was devastated.
With the thick haze swaying in the wind, Team B, who had finished the battle, marched proudly.
“what?”
there was nothing.
It should have been a corpse, but all I could see was a plain where everything had been swept away as if sashimi had been thrown away.
Tarvan asked, looking back.
“this… … Who will explain?”
Aroella opened her mouth.
“First of all, it is magic. The blue haired girl was fighting me at close range. There is no reason for her to suddenly disappear.”
Monoros, an unlocker and regular eater, gave his opinion.
“Perhaps, if there is a possibility, it will be a man with bandages. Because he was an unrocker just like me.”
Saint Moriac said.
“What kind of magic in Unlocker is like this? Can there be magic in the world where 21 cage-level players can disappear without even noticing?”
Mami, a snake-like serpent, furrowed her thin eyebrows.
“It’s not gone. Like… … Feeling disconnected? Something must be broken.”
“It’s a stop.”
Everyone turned to Horkin.
“You mean stop magic?”
“okay. I heard there’s one in the ivory tower. A blind wizard who uses stop.”
“I can’t be so sure. Just because he can’t see, there’s no guarantee that he’s an ivory tower wizard, and there’s no guarantee that what we’ve suffered will stop.”
To put it simply, Horkin was right, but metal mage Roche’s rebuttal was reasonable.
There are few blind people in the world, and even fewer ivory tower wizards.
However, there was only one wizard in the world who could use stop.
“Besides, what’s helping Gaold in the Ivory Tower? Gaold basically doesn’t trust people. He is a human being who has been kept secret for 20 years.”
Saint Moriac said.
“I don’t think it is. He’s not out of touch with people. Because he doesn’t have to hang out. He can join hands with anyone and fight anyone to save Maze.”
“stop.”
Rose stopped the meeting.
“There are too many families. In any case, the opponent has stop magic or a crowd control technique of equivalent power. and… … He’s probably helping Gaold.”
Even Rose, who said that, had no choice but to use the family law.
It must have been a recognition of the fact that the difficulty of the mission had increased significantly.
Horkin arranged.
“What the manager wants to say is this. As long as the blind man is by his side, it is impossible to get rid of Gaold.”
Tarvan asked.
“So, you’re just sucking your fingers?”
Communication Wizard Wagan intervened.
“wait a minute. Before that, there is a question that needs to be looked into first. If they really help Gaold, what the hell were they doing here?”
Horkin ran his beard down.
“Hmm, that’s right. There is no need to disperse the team in a dangerous place like this. In fact, we are also very inefficiently sticking together.”
“that’s right. And Gaold is crazy about Miro. If that person is enough to split the team, it’s going to be a pretty big deal. So if you trace back what they’ve been doing here, won’t Gaold come out eventually?”
“indeed… … I guess.”
Rose rested her chin and thought.
It was definitely the clearest solution in the current situation.
“good. return to the mainland If we can find out who is instigating Etela to move, we should be able to figure out Gaold’s whereabouts as well. However, combat is a last resort. A man in bandages must not intervene.”
no one objected
No one is docile enough to follow the team leader’s instructions straight away, but even they think it’s better to keep the bandaged man as far away as possible.
“Then let’s go.”
21 flashes soared into the sky.
* * *
It was early evening when Shirone returned from touring the units under the 2nd Rebel Command.
However, the moonlight was so strong that it was difficult to look around.
“Wow.”
Shirone looked up at the night sky as if possessed.
There was a moon 10 times larger than seen on the original planet.
It was the day of the Great Full Moon, which is said to have the strongest negative law in Purgatory.
Maybe that’s why in the forest near the headquarters, the monsters’ cries didn’t stop.
“Ominous. Something must happen.”
“don’t worry. Even angels don’t patrol these days. If it’s not an angel, group magic can stop it enough.”
Shirone arrived in front of the headquarters and greeted me.
“I will go in first. Thank you for your effort.”
“Ah, the captain also worked hard.”
Returning to the inn, Shirone sat down on the bed with an exhausted body.
I wanted to lie down, but before I had time to do anything, the door burst open.
“Shirone!”
Flu came in.
“uh? Seniors?”
After looking outside for a while, Fleur closed the door and sat down next to Shirone.
“I have something to tell you.”
“Why is your expression like that? What happened while I was away?”
“During the few days you were gone, I checked out the underground facility. But there… … .”
Flew frowned.
The headache struck again. Well, imagining the scene at that time still grinds my teeth.
She was never shaken under any circumstances, so Shirone finally got curious.
“What the hell is going on?”
“It’s a human clone.”
“yes? What clone?”
“I know why Reysis took our blood. It’s not like this right now… … .”
Woo woo woo woo woo!
Then an ominous sound wave shook the headquarters.
Shirone’s heart skipped a beat.
I don’t remember, but I’m sure I’ve heard it.
‘no way… … !’
HQ was already in a state of panic when Shirone and Fleur came out into the hallway.
It was the vibration of an angel that anyone living in purgatory would have heard of.
“Hmm, you mean this place?”
Outside the headquarters, in the light of the full moon, Ikasa floated in the air with her toes together and her chin resting.
From the outside, it was just a cliff, but there would be no lies in Babel’s search results.
No matter how much you hide in nature, the place where humans live has a unique artificial feeling.
Babel, who had searched all over Purgatory, pointed out this place as the most likely location for the rebel headquarters.
The odds were a whopping 83.3785 percent.
“Is there anything, you insignificant humans! Hurry up and show yourself!”
Ikasa shouted, but the cliff was depressingly silent.
Of course, she couldn’t have been unaware that he was checking this place from inside the wall.
“Huh, you’re going to come out like that, right?”
Ikasa spread her arms wide and received the energy of the moon.
The presence of fallen angels is much lower than that of regular angels, but on the day of the full moon, humans could easily be wiped out.
“Haaaaaa.”
With a cold groan, her astral body unfolded into a halo, and her own intellect began to become embedded in the Halo.
As a certain calculation was completed, countless dark ink colored magic circles rotated around the Halo like gears.
‘I desire.’
Infinite Justice Halo Halo – Valhalla Action.
puck! The shape of a fist was stamped on the rock wall with a dull sound.
With that as a signal flare, grooves started digging all over the cliff like a shower of punches.
Puff puff puff!
The whole world seemed to be filled with sound.
Dust rose from the beaten cliff at a speed that could not be expressed in words, and the mountain range disappeared.
The cliff rumbled as the Norse hiding inside the headquarters grabbed his head and jumped out! It started to collapse from the ground with a sound.
‘Look, how insignificant these beings are… … .’
Ikasa’s eyes were blurry.
In the scene where the desire was realized in front of my eyes, dry pleasure was rising up my spine.
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 438 - The Day of the Full Moon (2) 2.txt
===============================
[438] The Day of the Full Moon (2)
Rebel 1st Command.
Commander Crude came out and looked at the full moon.
As he recalled the memory of a unit disappearing every day the moon rose, a vengeful spirit stirred in his heart.
‘Even for the sake of my dead comrades, I will definitely win.’
“You seem to be in a lot of trouble.”
Crud turned his head.
Confirming that Sein was approaching, he looked back at the moon and said.
“not really. Angel patrols have not yet been reported. It seems that this Great Full Moon Day will pass safely.”
Sain’s gaze went to the same place as Crude.
“Right.”
Crud turned around and said as if he had suddenly remembered.
“How are you doing? Is your study over?”
Sein has been observing the motion of the planets day and night in order to obtain the exact coordinates necessary for God’s punishment.
“To some extent.”
“Astronomy. To the little things under the sky, what does that mean? Especially if you are at war.”
“It still doesn’t make any sense. But sooner or later the time will come when that will be the only meaning.”
Crude raised one eyebrow.
“I don’t know what you are talking about.”
“I can’t reveal it yet. Not bad for the rebels anyway. At least you won’t be beaten one-sidedly.”
‘Is it some kind of self-destruct tactic?’
By studying the motions of the planets, what Crude could guess was the limit.
It was only natural that even Gaold and Sein were stunned when they heard Shirone’s method.
“Loyalty!”
Kanya came out of the barracks and saluted.
Lena and her father, the Witcher, were standing next to her.
The witcher, who left heaven after leaving his wife who had died, was a military official who taught maintenance skills to the current mecha crew.
Crude received a salute.
“So, what’s going on at this hour?”
“Ah, that… … Being in the barracks is a bit frustrating.”
It was not recommended for Kuroi unit members to take walks with their families at night, but Crud did not criticize them.
Any rebel had the right to feel the anxiety of the full moon day.
Kanya asked Sein.
“Is there any news from Shirone?”
“Guard Rock visited a few days ago. It seemed to be going smoothly.”
The anecdote in which Shirone overturned the 2nd Command with the Nephilim’s ability was a secret that only a few in the 1st Command knew.
Like other executives, Crude was also displeased with Shirone’s transfer to the 2nd Command, but did not show it.
It wasn’t what really mattered.
“I’m saying this now, but I don’t think Reisis really accepted Shirone.”
Sein turned around.
“You said there was a feud. A difference of opinion about biological experiments?”
“On the surface. However, during the war, we do not lose half of our power to the extent of biological experiments. What she did in her time was not in line with the common sense of the Norse, let alone Meccans.”
“Are you saying you’ve crossed the line? What have you done?”
Crude’s face was cruelly distorted.
“Laysis… … .”
Hey hey hey hey!
A rupture that rips through the sky swallowed Crude’s words.
“Aww!”
Crude frowned at the sound wave hitting the goal directly, while Kanya and Lena grabbed their heads and sat down.
The witcher, who held her two daughters in her arms, looked up at the dome-shaped, electricity-filled sky.
“It’s an ultrasound. It collided with a magnetic field.”
Sein raised his head with his iron eyes flashing with emotionless faces.
Something reflected in the moonlight was flying rapidly from the other side of the sky.
– Termination of the search algorithm.
Babel turned off the search function and sent the results of searching all over Purgatory to Kariel through wireless communication technology.
– Magnetic field detection. 92.7% target probability.
All she could see was a dense forest, but the program detected that 0.3 percent of the landscape had the same structure as the rest of the landscape.
Artificiality that looks like light copied and pasted.
It was the rebel command.
– Switch to attack mode.
Babel’s eyes burned red.
– Blow approved.
When the barbell flew straight into the command center airspace with a sonic explosion, Sein cast a mass teleport.
Aaaaaaaaaaaagh!
A huge crater with a diameter of 30 meters was created around the point where the barbell was pierced into the ground.
Emergency sirens sounded throughout the headquarters and lights began to come on in clusters in the barracks building.
“damn! What is it?”
Just as Crude gritted her teeth and stepped into the crater, a tall woman with an inky color stepped up onto the crater with a clatter of footsteps.
Kanya’s voice trembled.
“Hey, isn’t that a machine?”
– Punish the subjects.
A short command was given to Babel’s program.
* * *
Infinite Justice Halo Valhalla Action.
Ikasa’s unique ability, Valhalla Action, has the power to reverse cause and effect.
If you desire something, the result is realized on the condition that you pay back the time and effort required for the action later.
For example, when she desires to go from A to B, Ikasa can reach the distance that would normally take 10 seconds.
However, if there is an obstacle between points A and B, you must pay for the possibility of bypassing or destroying it.
If you can only get to B by destroying the obstacle and it takes 5 minutes, then Ikasa, who arrives at point B, is incapacitated for 5 minutes and 10 seconds, and fills the cause.
Calculating the causal rate is the core of Valhalla.
Just as the other side inflates when you press a balloon with your finger, when you set the desire A, the result B automatically comes out.
Therefore, desires beyond Valhalla’s computational power do not materialize into reality from the beginning.
For example, if you desire ‘I want to go inside that rock’, it is impossible to realize it.
This is because there is no space inside the rock to begin with.
However, if a space is created in some way in the rock, it will be realized even if Ikasa is not aware of it.
What this means is that Valhalla’s arithmetic system is influenced by the Akashic Records, which cover parts from the whole, rather than mathematical truth.
In a similar case, it is impossible to realize ‘I want to decapitate that human’.
Valhalla cannot calculate the subsequent actions of human beings, and thus cannot reach the ‘action’.
‘Only Shirone needs to be removed.’
Looking down at the rising dust clouds, Ikasa’s eyes contained a cold murderous intent.
To her who wanted to be reinstated as a regular angel, Shirone was an existence she had to kill in addition to her personal revenge.
It was also true that he was aware of the fact that Kariel was currently showing a disturbing movement in Heaven, but it was also true that it was the only rope he could hold on to Icasa, who had committed two serious crimes.
‘It’s coming back soon.’
22 minutes 42 seconds.
Under normal causality, it would take Ikasa to topple a mountain with only his fists.
Even considering that it was a full moon day, it was a power that could be said to be celestial.
While 22 minutes and 42 seconds passed like that, the rebels on the ground did their best to clear the dust cloud.
The collective magic Mahagard is blowing dust, but the haze that collapsed an entire mountain did not go away easily.
Shirone and Fleur managed to get out before the cliff collapsed, and they kept their eyes on the surroundings without moving anywhere.
Flew, who took out a phoenix from Kubrick and wielded it, gave Dawkins Algorithm to the spirit zone.
A function that automatically reacts when an object penetrates the spirit zone above a certain speed.
Accordingly, when Shirone brought out Armand and activated Diamond Arms, Fleur immediately realized the change.
The rag-like robe was as clean as new, and except for the artificial brain, it was blue like the Ultima system I saw in Babel.
“What happened?”
“I integrated it with the Ultima system.”
Flew pondered what it meant and gave up his lingering feelings.
That wasn’t what mattered right now.
“Are there any functions that are useful in battle?”
I wasn’t sure yet.
This is because he has never fought as Armand since integrating with the Ultima system.
“I don’t know. It has changed from sharing ideas to integration, but how does that work… … .”
Finally, the dust clouds cleared, and the bright full moon shone brightly on the ground again.
The exposed landscape of the ground was miserable.
The headquarters cliff was shattered to the point that not a single intact pillar could be found, and Norse corpses were strewn beneath the rubble.
The result of one surprise attack.
This ability to destroy common sense was the reason the subjects feared the angels.
“That… … !”
Shirone opened her eyes wide at the tribute floating in the sky. At the same time, a memory came to him that he didn’t want to think about.
‘Ikasa.’
A fallen angel who helplessly watched Amy, Tess, and Arin get kidnapped right in front of their eyes.
The movement was so fast that even the eyes could not follow it.
“Shirone, what’s wrong?”
“I’ve seen it before. He is a fallen angel.”
It was much better than the average angel, but I didn’t feel that my chances of survival had increased.
Ikasa crossed her arms and came downstairs.
An ominous vibration made the rebel’s heart pound.
“Huh, you should have come out when you said that. Did you think you could disobey me on a subject worse than a bug?”
When her words were transmitted to the mind through the power of the angel, one of the surviving executives shouted.
“Focus on me! Fight back with collective magic!”
The executive prepared the giant magic Aruope.
It was a magic that boasted the best cutting power among magic that uses the energy of air.
Ikasa, who watched dozens of wizards link the spirit force to the executive, laughed.
“Stupid things.”
Ikasa moved.
It was similar to the movement of electrons that exist with probability in space.
Appearing like an afterimage in front of dozens of crew members, she knocked them all out with her fists attached to her fragile wrists.
From low-level wizards to executives, the class pyramid quickly collapsed, and the coup ended in an instant.
“Ouch!”
As Ikasa’s fist sank deep into his abdomen, blood gushed out from the officer’s mouth.
“Knock-knock! After all, killing humans is fun!”
Ikasa was strong.
She could knock down a mountain in 20 minutes, but she was able to take down dozens of human wizards without Valhalla action.
However, she remained true to the concept of the source, and Shirone clearly realized the function of her halo.
‘Equivalent exchange of cause and effect.’
The Ultima System detected exactly that feeling.
When Ikasa, who had wiped out the rebels, turned around, electricity ran down the backs of Shirone and Fleur.
It was the eyes of a fallen angel filled with the desire for revenge.
“Shirone, do you know how long I’ve been waiting for this day? Back then, I ran away like a rat.”
“I’m not forgetting what you did.”
“Ho Ho! No, I think I forgot. She couldn’t move her fingertips and the women were taken away. Will it be different now?”
Shirone wrinkled his nose and lowered his stance.
“Be careful, old man. That angel halo seems to be able to reverse cause and effect.”
Flew also saw with his own eyes what the rebels were going through, so his understanding came quickly.
“Let’s go on the defensive. First of all, you have to take your time. There will be rebels alive underground.”
Ikasa puffed out her cheeks and laughed.
“pooh! Do you know why I hate humans? Basically, it’s because they are equipped with delusions of grandeur. A grandiose delusion that everyone can achieve something with the same human 1 and human 2 themes.”
Ikasa kicked off the ground and threw a fist right in front of Fleur’s eyes, and the air shuddered.
Against the flurry of attacks, Flew’s upper body bent like a willow branch.
It’s a Dawkins algorithm effect, but it hurt like my spine was about to break, and even that didn’t seem like it would last long.
“Keugh!”
As Ikasa’s left hook exploded, Flew’s body moved away like a clothesline.
Right before the blow, he hit the back of his hand with a phoenix to buffer his strength, but it was an unbearable shock nonetheless.
“Ho-ho-ho! Struggling is also a characteristic of bugs!”
As Ikasa smiled happily and turned around, a giant tentacle snout appeared in front of her and grabbed her face.
Then, the tentacles that ascended to the sky in an oblique line bent into an arch and pinned Ikasa’s body vertically to the ground.
Aaaaaaaang!
Sprawled out, Ikasa blinked, her face still buried in the tentacles.
‘What is this?’
A shock that made the back of the head tingle. The speed of not even reacting.
It was a strange and heavy blow that could not be excused by saying that it was just a surprise attack.
“bouncer… … !”
Ikasa cut off the tentacles with her blades and charged at Shirone as if bouncing.
“Dangerous!”
Flew shouted, but what followed was completely different from what he expected.
Shirone shook her upper body to evade Ikasa’s relentless punch.
‘see! I can see Ikasa’s attack!’
If Armand was maximizing the user’s physical abilities, now Armand itself was Shirone’s body.
Everything that could be done while armed with diamonds was as easy as moving one’s fingers.
“Something like a human? I am the body of an angel!”
Ikasa pushed forward the regime of conversion.
The moment the fist reached its destination, Shirone’s body spun rapidly.
A heavy tentacle protruded from the robe and struck Ikasa fiercely on the cheek, tilting her body horizontally and sending her flying.
Aaaaaaaang!
Flew put on a dazed expression as Ikasa fell under the rubble of the collapsed command center.
In front of Shirone, who was glaring at Ikasa, Ataraxia was accumulating several times faster than before.
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 439 - The Day of the Full Moon (3) 1.txt
===============================
[439] The Day of the Full Moon (3)
With the activation of the artificial brain, the arrival time of Ataraxia was more than twice as fast as before.
Staring at the colorful halo aiming in front of her, Shirone cast her magic.
‘Photon Cannon!’
As the photons compressed and shook as if they were about to explode, Ikasa appeared in front of her.
“Kuk!”
As the fist dug into the pit of the stomach, Armand bit it, but the shockwave could not be completely offset.
Equivalent exchange of cause and effect.
Valhalla action is nothing more than reversing the order of potential energy and kinetic energy, but it was difficult to adapt to beings living in time.
“How dare you do that!”
Ikasa struck at high speed with her Valhalla action, and Shirone swung Armand’s tentacles and flicked his fist.
When the photon cannon was fired from close range, this time Ikasa evaded the attack with a dazzling weaving.
The surviving rebels did not even dare to intervene in the battle where bactu and magic unfolded at the same time.
“That’s the Nephilim… … .”
Humans compete with angels as equals.
Even if he is a fallen angel, he is an existence that cannot be approached by his subjects.
For the subjects, it was a shocking event as much as breaking the beliefs they had kept since time immemorial.
‘I can’t do this!’
It was the same with Ikasa who couldn’t accept the reality.
Aren’t humans who couldn’t even move a fingertip a year ago competing on an equal footing with themselves who received the power of the Great Full Moon?
“A mere worm!”
Ikasa longed for the best combo attack that could be put into the coordinates where Shirone was.
As the afterimages of his fists formed a huge barrier and rushed like a tidal wave, Shirone took an extreme defensive stance.
As the Ultima system acted immediately, Armand’s robes twisted along with his body and grew in thickness.
A fist-shaped pattern was stamped all over Shirone’s body.
“Aww!”
An attack so fast that you can’t think of anything but defense.
However, after this typhoon passes, an opportunity comes to Shirone.
‘As expected, there is a limit to a target with a will. If we endure this, we can win.’
Pushed away by Ikasa’s final blow, Shirone accumulated Ataraxia while enduring the pain of breaking her bones.
The prediction was accurate, and Ikasa, who had accelerated the result with the Valhalla action, was unable to even move.
‘But it’s subtle. Can I make it on time?’
It’s something you have to do.
Considering the angel’s durability, this was the only way to finish it in one blow.
Looking at Ataraxia, which was accumulating rapidly, Ikasa had the feelings of a condemned prisoner on the death row.
‘That’s dangerous.’
Archangel Ichael’s proprietary patent.
If it was completed before the Valhalla action came back, there was a high probability that it would fall into a pacif just by its existence, regardless of its power.
‘Six seconds. 5 seconds. 4 seconds.’
Ataraxia vs. Valhalla action.
It was a battle to see who perfected the power of an angel first.
“It is now. Get it out.”
When Raysis, who was watching the situation from the headquarters basement, issued an order, all living things on the ground stopped moving at the same time.
‘what?’
Sensing an abnormal change, Fleur raised her gaze with difficulty.
The huge pupils were moving rapidly as if observing everyone on the ground.
Biological Weapon – Jin Akamai.
The power of the antithesis reversed the law.
As if tied with a rope, Ikasa shrugged and screamed.
“Keugh! this, this… … !”
Even if he was a fallen angel, his restraining power was unbelievable.
It was a law that was difficult to endure just by receiving the power of the full moon, even if it was a normal angel level.
It was to the point where Ikasa was tied up, so there was nothing to say about the others.
The only person who showed movement was Shirone, who was enduring with the power of transcending the mind.
‘It’s a great power. What the hell is this?’
Even Armand’s robe couldn’t stand it and was dismantled in the reverse order of installation and turned into a demonic sword.
A researcher who was watching the situation underground said.
“All sack is complete. What should I do?”
Reisis threw off the commander’s mask.
Now that the materials were gathered, the rebels on the ground were nothing more than worthless pieces of meat.
“Take the crew and bring Shirone, Fleur, and the angel. Prepare the sake of anecdote right now.”
Reisis’ aides immediately moved.
While Ilhwa’s liquor was being prepared, Shirone, Fleur, and Ikasa were imprisoned behind bars.
Of course, the real prison they were imprisoning was Jin Akamai, who was staring this way from outside the cage.
Fleur gritted her teeth.
I didn’t know that Resis would start acting in the situation where the angel invaded.
‘No, it’s such a great weapon. How did they make it?’
It was a situation where the three people who had been fighting fiercely before suddenly became cellmates.
Flew glared fiercely at Ikasa, who had ruined everything.
However, emotions were not important in this situation, so I first conveyed the necessary information to Shirone.
Reysis was strengthening herself through biological experiments, and the main point was that Shirone was chosen as the material for it, and that Garas and Flu were being used to mass-produce clones.
It was an absurd sound even for the angel Ikasa to hear.
“A lowly race trying to become a god? stupid things.”
It was an antinomy to come out of the mouth of an angel of desire, but Shirone’s thoughts were not particularly different.
‘You were cloning me? how… … .’
Then the door opened and Lacey entered.
“Whoops, they are angels and Nephilim. A truly appetizing food warehouse. No, should I say luxurious?”
Ikasa exclaimed, revealing this.
“What an insignificant human being! Do you know what the words of the one who resisted the angels are?”
“Knock-knock! Who is the one who is held captive by that insignificant man-made creature?”
Without fear, Reisis opened the cage and sat down in front of Ikasa, stroking her chin.
A tyrannical fallen angel. However, he was definitely an angel as much as his physical form.
“How beautiful it is. It is perfect for being my body.”
Shirone asked.
“Why are you doing this? Even if you become strong through such inhuman experiments, you are just a monster.”
“A monster… … .”
Resis remembered Satan’s words from long ago.
“Form is just function. It is only lowly human beings who give it aesthetic meaning. Therefore, strength is beauty.”
Reisis’ facial bones were distorted and transformed into a monster.
The eyes were slanted, the nose protruded like a beast, and the lips parted below the ears.
The surrounding scenery shimmered like a haze as the flames blazed in his snake-like eyes.
When the memory vision, which shows the images in her memory, turns on, Shirone feels as if she is in a laboratory.
The corpses of Akamai from Antithese, Kuzen from Feeder, Kenser from Infinite Cell Proliferator, Galtomic from Jinmai Plant, and Ringer from Gap Mineral were placed separately in the central Physics Machine.
“how is it? Those are the creatures that will lead me into the body of a god.”
Shirone pursed his lips.
“Do you think you can become a god with just that?”
“For living things, mortality is not inevitable. Death is also only a creature’s chosen function. If it is only for one perfect individual, death is nothing more than a phenomenon that can be eliminated. In the remaining 2 slots, you and the angel will melt. Putting it all together, I become the god of the world.”
“You are crazy.”
Hate flashed in Flew’s eyes.
She was the one who watched from beginning to end how Raysis mass-produced clones.
“Whoa, anyway, you are like excrement that cannot permeate into my body. Think whatever you want and wait until you die.”
Reisis left the room with those words.
Sooner or later, researchers will pull out Shirone and Ikasa and throw them into the Fuzix Machine.
There is no gap in the anecdotal sake made by Ankera.
Even if the body of the angel Ikasa was mixed with the plasma, there was no choice but to melt into a black liquid.
Flew strained his body with all his might, but Jin Jin Akamai’s restraining power was so great that it was difficult to move a single finger.
“It’s a big deal. If we continue like this, we will all die.”
Ikasa laughed.
“A ephemera discussing death. It’s a nerve-wracking thing.”
“Haha, is it? Come to think of it, do angels live long? I will regret it, if it perishes like this.”
Ikasa kept her mouth shut.
It was true. There will be no permanent death as long as the Akashic Records exist, but extinction was one of the most unpleasant events even for angels.
“There is one way.”
“method?”
Shirone asked again, turning her head with difficulty.
Just being able to move under the restraints of True Akamai, Ikasa could guess how strong Shirone’s incarnation was.
“of course. Do you think a noble angel would be defeated by a mere man-made creature?”
said Fleur.
“Are you suffering now? What is the method?”
Ikasa thought for a moment before opening her mouth.
But the feeling of being out of balance did not leave.
“The Valhalla action is to destroy this creature. In other words, let’s draw the result of destruction first and use it.”
“Isn’t it strange? If that’s possible, why are you being held?”
When Fleur asked, Shirone said.
“Because the cost is too great.”
Ikasa didn’t hide it any longer.
“that’s right. In terms of binding force, power equivalent to at least 8 hours is paid for. In other words, if I destroy it, I will be incapacitated for 8 hours.”
“Eight hours… … .”
The binding force that Ikasa, which did not take 30 minutes to topple a mountain, had to pay for 8 hours of labor.
It was a possible result because it was the antithesis of the law, not physical force, but even so, I was able to guess how powerful the creature in front of me was.
Shirone realized the reason for Ikasa’s hesitation.
“I will definitely save you. So set us free.”
“Heh, do you think I will believe in human words?”
“You have to believe it. If we stay like this, everyone will die.”
Ikasa’s face crumpled in annoyance.
“I don’t know if it’s me, but what would be different if you guys went out? There won’t be one or two of these creatures. I’m just going to get caught again and come back here anyway.”
“That is what I have in mind.”
said Fleur.
“Garath is being held in an underground laboratory. I’m going to release it here. To them, this place will be like a flower garden.”
“Hmm.”
Ikasa thought carefully.
Garras, the king of breeding, was the worst creature she knew.
‘Remove this Park Yo-jong with Garas? Well, it’s not impossible if they’re released.’
“Ikasa.”
Shirone, who had risen through mental transcendence, approached slowly and met Ikasa’s eyes.
“I will definitely come to get you. release us.”
The desire for human life is truly tenacious.
It was the reason why Ankera had no choice but to control humans, and because of that, Ikasa became a fallen angel.
“Hey, don’t compare me to a ephemera. I’m not afraid of death It just annoys me a little.”
“But also for you… … .”
Ikasa cut off Shirone’s words.
“go. let me go.”
When Shirone made a surprised expression, Ikasa snorted in disbelief.
“Not for you. There is no way, and I feel relieved to see that woman who challenges the authority of an angel perish.”
“I will definitely come back and save you. wait.”
Ikasa closed her eyes instead of answering.
As the planetary body expanded, the batteries of the Valhalla action began to accumulate in the halo.
‘The binding force is much stronger than expected.’
The conclusion of Valhalla’s calculation was 9 hours and 43 seconds.
It was the amount of time it would take for Ikasa to destroy Akamai with the power of her incarnation.
‘But it’s going to be hard to catch a level angel.’
It was her own comfort that if she hadn’t become a fallen angel, she wouldn’t have been treated like this.
‘I can’t believe the day will come when I’ll rely on someone like that.’
Ikasa’s eyes widened as she took a deep breath.
Valhalla Action!
“Keeeeeeee!”
Jin Akamai screamed with his body.
The huge focal point moved as fast as light, and the mushy body dried up.
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 440 - The Day of the Full Moon (4) 2.txt
===============================
[440] The Day of the Full Moon (4)
The metal angel’s smooth body reflected in the moonlight imitated the beauty of living things, but Sein and the others could read the heartlessness hidden in the beauty.
Of course, Babel was beautiful.
It was just chillingly cold. Just looking at it would make your bones freeze.
Sein’s Iron Wheel rotated with a loud sound. The calculation was faster than ever, but he felt that even this was not enough.
‘What is this?’
There is no unique aura that can only be felt from the strong.
However, on the contrary, I felt the solidity of super coolness that would not be shaken no matter how strong I faced.
-Target setting: No priority.
– Run random target algorithm.
Babel’s vision lens caught Lena.
No one could confirm the focal point hidden in the red panel, but only one person, Lena’s father, the witcher, threw himself.
“Dangerous!”
Was Lena chosen between Kanya and Lena a superpower created by extreme paternal love?
The choice was correct, and the body of the witcher who pushed Lena came to a halt.
Babel approached and pierced the Witcher’s chest with a cold hand.
“Oh, Dad?”
Lena’s face went pale.
It swayed from time to time throughout the area right before going crazy.
“Dad!”
Kanya, blinded by rage, jumped at Babel.
– Detect enemy approach.
-Response type: Instant death.
When Babel disappeared without even an afterimage, the witcher’s body collapsed.
Due to the extreme relativity created by ultra-high speed, Kanya’s brain could not perceive the incoming scenery in order.
In the illusion that the witcher fell first and Babel appeared in front of me, only one thing was clear.
‘He’s dying.’
Hey hey hey!
Babel’s capital stopped in front of Kanya’s neck with a chilling sound.
Over his shoulder, Sein was in a combat stance, turning his iron wheel sharply.
One Equilibrium that could have been counted as the witcher’s death.
However, Babel expanded the asteroid and dismantled the complicated operation of the cogwheel.
‘Can it be?’
Equilibrium is the ultimate crowd controller that simultaneously calculates the Sanity and Emotion coefficients.
Dismantling such a personalized code in less than a second meant that it was learned in the moment, not a set program.
‘It’s not intuition. Is it a stochastic algorithm?’
A method of randomly repeating random numbers to reach a conclusion in order to understand an object.
No matter how much Sein was a Servant, it had to be seen that his calculation speed far exceeded Babel’s ability.
“Back off.”
Sein spoke briefly.
“Oh, Dad… … !”
“hurry!”
there are no second chances
If you don’t understand this, you have no choice but to die.
Fortunately, Kanya still had something to protect, and she desperately held onto her reason and ran to Lena.
“Lena! come here!”
Babel remained motionless even while carrying the half-fascinated Lena on her back and running away.
Her visual lens focused only on Sein, analyzing her every move.
-Target: Human. 99.8 percent accuracy.
-Type: Programmer.
– Consequences: highest level risk factors. Priority algorithm applied. 1st priority elimination target.
Babel’s body slowly turned towards Sein.
The two entities, unrivaled in arithmetic, recognized and glared at each other in different ways.
“emergency! All ready for battle!”
Crude’s voice as she ran to the hangar echoed through the night sky.
* * *
Cloning room.
The two aides sent by Reisis prepared themselves with a bucket of water.
Now that the ingredients needed for Ilhwa’s sake were prepared, what was inside was just a piece of meat.
The method suggested by Reisis is to immerse the corpse of Muusa, the acid poison king, in water.
Breathing in the strong acidic gas it produces will melt the lungs of any creature and instantly kill it within 10 seconds.
I had enough time to finish my work and come out, but when I started, I felt out of breath.
“If you take even one sip, it’s over. Let’s deal with it quickly.”
“It’s okay, but it’s a little embarrassing. Even clones.”
“You are talking nonsense. Have you even heard of it? It’s cattle anyway. Let’s deal with it quickly.”
When the iron door was opened, hot air escaped.
The cultivation room was just a room with a large square meter, and the clones were immersed in their work, unaware of the coming death.
The man who placed the bucket in the center took out the body of Muusa. The water was bubbling as the meat and meat were removed.
“Let’s go, quickly.”
Covering their noses and mouths with their collars, the two ran towards the exit. White smoke began to rise from the water tank.
* * *
With Ikasa’s help, Shirone and Fleur escaped from the cage and ran through the underground corridors of the headquarters.
Everyone was focusing on Ilhwa’s sake, so I couldn’t see the members walking around.
Of course, it was also thanks to the restraints of those who did not have access to the core of the information.
“It’s enough to get rid of the members, but the problem is Akamai. You’re going to end up like a demon caught in a barracks.”
“It will be fine until Reysis finds out. Let’s go ASAP. Where is Garras?”
“I saw a guide map hanging in the genetics lab. Let’s go there for now.”
Flew retrieved his memory and went into the genetics lab.
While Flew deciphered the map hanging on the wall, Shirone picked up the papers on the desk in the lab.
Thanks to the Ultima system, the signal was converted into a single code and transmitted just by looking at the sentence.
It was an experiment report containing clone information.
Since her clone must also be here somewhere, Shirone looked carefully, but in the end, she couldn’t turn a single page and frowned.
“How could you do this… … What do you know about humans?”
The ugly process of mass-producing clones through the triangular mechanism of Shirone, Fleur, and Garras was written.
The hand, which had been quickly turning a page or two, stopped flinching again.
The eyes that had been slowly reading through the Ultima System shook in shock.
“Here, senior. Have you read this file? Clonal culture research data.”
Flew was intent on examining the huge map with one eye squinting as if he had a headache.
“Seniors.”
“… … no. I researched only what was necessary. This, the drone’s decoding speed is too slow.”
Shirone let out a long sigh.
I wanted to tell you what I saw in the papers, but I couldn’t bear to say it out of my own mouth.
‘What do we do? Still, I’ll have to say something.’
“found. Mormot Containment Cell. Fortunately, it’s not far.”
Fleur hurriedly left the lab.
Time was not enough no matter how sparingly he spent, as he did not know when Reysys would notice the escape.
Shirone felt rather fortunate. Because sometimes not knowing can be the medicine.
The place where Fleur arrived was in front of an iron gate that rose to the ceiling.
Taking out the phoenix from Kubrick and casting fire magic, the locking device became red hot and melted into molten iron.
As they grabbed the handles on both sides and pulled them, they were greeted with a roaring sound and an extraordinary sight.
“oh my god… … .”
Like the ark from the great flood myth, all kinds of creatures were crammed into the 14-story apartment.
As I walked to the end of the containment room, I saw the only coffin that was blocked by a glass wall rather than an iron bar.
A black creature the size of a human torso was wriggling inside a two-meter-tall glass tube.
The king of breeding, Garas.
Even in this place where numerous creatures are gathered, it is possible to know how high the risk is if it is specially isolated.
Eight spider-like legs were holding onto the glass wall, and on the underside of the body, a lip-like organ was in motion to spit out something.
He had only one eye on his bony head, and his eyelids were completely open, giving him a look of surprise.
“this… … Are you Garas?”
“Garasu has no special shape. Even now, it is just a certain entity that has been passed down through infinite generations.”
Garras’s mushy hair folded in half and his eyes turned forward.
Shirone’s eyes met with the guy who wiped the mucous membranes of his pupils with his upper and lower eyelids.
One desire, one purpose.
This was the reason that there were creatures stronger than Garras, but no species stronger than Garras.
Garras turned his gaze to Flew, and his brilliance probed the nature of the species.
Flew groaned as the creature’s eyelids, grasping something, closed in half-closed form, as if in a smile.
My left temple jumped as I remembered the scene I had seen in the warehouse. It was a terrible headache.
“Kiaaaaaa!”
At that moment, Garas screamed as he straightened all his legs like a spear.
“this… … !”
Shirone and Fleur hurriedly flipped their upper bodies at the force that seemed to jump out.
It was only when I felt the wetness on my back that I realized how nervous I had been.
“What should I do, senior? Are you really going to release it?”
The power of Karas is needed to neutralize Akamai and stop Ilhwa’s sorcery.
But I couldn’t bear to open Pandora’s box.
No, maybe this is the door to hell.
Command is razed to the ground when Garas regains his freedom.
Any living thing will become a target for reproduction, so the number of objects will also increase exponentially.
“You have to do it anyway. I’m going to release it for now and run unconditionally. Rescue the captured rebels and then strike the races.”
that’s the only best
It was not a relaxed situation to think of a way to survive and plan a strategy.
“then… … I will open it.”
Shirone’s hand toward the lock trembled.
When no one expected what the result would be, pressing the button ticked and the lock unlocked.
The two of them checked that far and turned around at the same time. And without even bothering to look back, he cast teleportation.
bang! The glass tube was kicked off and the glass flowed down.
His body, waddling on its eight legs to balance itself, began to grow in proportion to the size of the space.
“Kiaaaaa!”
Naturally, the screaming grew louder, and Shirone and Fleur gave in to the illusion that they could hear them from close by and screamed.
“Aaaaaaa!”
As if they had promised, the two threw their bodies and rolled left and right to slam the iron door shut.
After a while, the screams of countless living creatures came through the iron gate, breaking through the thumping noise.
Shirone was finally convinced.
What he opened was obviously the door to hell.
* * *
“Stupid children!”
Lacey opened the door roughly and entered.
As reported by the researcher, Shirone and Flu were not seen.
Akamai, shrunk like a deflated balloon, was shabbyly apart, and only Ikasa was sitting inside the cage.
“I must have asked you to check it?”
“That, well, since Akamai is there, prepare for the experiment… … .”
The researcher’s face flew away with a pop.
The attack was so fast that it was invisible to the naked eye, but Ikasa could see it.
A hideous whip concealed under her cloak.
“Hey, do you wear that kind of body? How hideous. Gorgol, the ugliest of Maras, is not like you.”
Creeper!
As Reisis clenched her teeth, a rough chest erupted from between the interlocking fangs.
“You dare to criticize this body for a weak angel? In a little while, you too will be in my belly.”
“Ho-ho-ho! Yes, my beautiful body must be driving me crazy. But what? I don’t think anything can fix your ugly appearance.”
Ikasa’s vitriol was unstoppable.
She could not do anything until she fulfilled the cause of the Valhalla action, but the self-esteem of an angel was nobler than death.
“I’ll tear you to pieces!”
The ground thumped with each step Raysis took.
Her skin flushed and the face of a monster was exposed, and she tore her huge mouth open and charged into the barricade.
“Quaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!”
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 441 - The Day of the Full Moon (5) 3.txt
===============================
[441] The Day of the Full Moon (5)
Shirone and Flew peeked at the warehouse where the rebels on the ground were captured.
Reisis’ men accompanied by Akamai were guarding the iron gate.
“What should I do? If you approach, you will be knocked down.”
“It seems that Akamai contracts with its users through blood ties. We’ll have to get rid of the user first before responding.”
Akamai was three, floating between seven men.
It was impossible to determine which person he was having blood ties with just by looking at the distance.
“Should I deal with it at once?”
“It’s a battle of timing. If we give the enemy time to respond, we will be bitten.”
“How about accessing it by teleportation?”
“It’s the easiest way, but I’m not sure. They’re Norse wizards too. If you’re an aide to Reysis, your skills must be excellent.”
Shirone remembered Armand.
After being captured by Jin Akamai, the magic sword was taken away, but there is a fact that Reisis does not know.
Armand, integrated into the Ultima system, is connected by a single signal across time and space, so information can be shared regardless of distance.
“I’d rather call Armand.”
If you are in the state of transforming into Geumgang Armed Forces, you can eliminate the members before Akamai is activated.
It was possible enough if Ikasawa’s physical ability was equal to that of Ikasawa.
“But I will get the location. What if you still don’t know that we fled? The more time the better.”
“Why don’t you think you already figured it out? If you release the rebels anyway, the location will be revealed.”
There was some truth in Shirone’s words.
The later that Raysys realizes, the higher the success rate of the operation, but it is dangerous to strategize based on uncertain assumptions.
“Hmm, good. Let’s do it. But make no mistake.”
Shirone pulled her hands back and tried normal control.
Armand’s condition could not be accurately grasped, but the location was conveyed through a vague feeling.
‘Come this way.’
I felt a sense of unity with Armand as if I had become a magnet.
As I amplified the feeling, Armand flew into Armand’s grasp, bending the trajectory at a right angle along the corridor.
Golden Armed Forces.
Shirone took a deep breath, watched the crew’s reaction, and unknowingly threw herself away.
“what?”
It was the last thought of the members of their lives that a hazy afterimage was swirling in front of their eyes.
As Shirone’s body rotated, the tentacles cut everyone’s throats and passed at a faster speed.
chin. Turtle tuck.
Shirone gently frowned at the unpleasant sensation that surged through Armand.
He had no hesitation in punishing those who carried out cruel biological experiments, but it felt different from magic.
‘Calm down. It’s not my only mission.’
Flew watched Akamai’s reaction.
The user died, but if the blood adhesions were still there, there was room for a belated reaction.
‘Is it better to deal with it? Or is it scraping and swelling?’
Shirone attacked Akamai without conflict.
As the robe fluttered, a black afterimage swung around.
Three Akamai fell to the floor, split in half like a soft tropical fruit.
Flew stuck out his tongue at such a speed that he couldn’t even react.
‘Ultima System. Definitely great. If it’s at that level, it’ll be helpful enough when fighting Heaven.’
Shirone and Fleur exchanged glances in front of the iron gate.
When I unlocked the lock and opened the door, a sharp gale blew from inside the warehouse.
“Keugh!”
Armand’s robe, which was strong against impact but weak against cutting power, was shredded right before it was cut.
Feeling the pain of being cut, Shirone hurriedly shrunk her body and looked inside.
Dozens of pupils appeared with light.
“Krrrr.”
It was not the rebels on the ground that were in the warehouse.
No, maybe that’s right. Because Shirone also had people who had learned the face.
However, their appearance was completely changed, with only a few personalities from when they were human.
Flu, who avoided the surprise attack with the Dawkins algorithm, frowned as he grabbed his aching shoulder.
“Like a wicked woman… … .”
Reysys turned all the useless rebels into soldiers.
Although it was not a body made with a Fuzix machine, the physical ability to raise the telomere level to 5 was not negligible.
“Kuaaaaa!”
The Norr crew members who lost their reason rushed towards Shirone.
The number of people who escaped from the warehouse was well over a hundred, and none of them had the intelligence of the past to be found.
wide!
As the curtain of light struck the monsters, their cheeks were torn and even the bones in their limbs were snapped.
But the monsters didn’t stop rushing.
‘What happened?’
Flesh was pushed out from the destroyed part, and the organ was regenerating in an instant.
‘Infinite cell proliferation sensor.’
Flew, realizing the monster’s condition, said.
“It is equipped with the ability to regenerate cells. I won’t budge from any kind of attack.”
The monsters were divided into two groups, aiming for Syrone and Fleur, but the weight of the battle from the standpoint of the victim was not reduced by 1/2.
Telomeres are the ends of chromosomes that determine the limits of living organisms, and LACES has enhanced body functions by strengthening this part.
In addition, by combining the traits of Kenser, which has no telomere limit, it created a soldier that neither rots nor dies.
Originally, it was a tactic that was attempted to equip troops equivalent to the Kuroi of the Mecca in the war against heaven, but now it was rather acting as a major biological weapon to punish the light of Area 73.
“Kuaaa!”
People with snakes in their eyes, people with one arm drooping like an earthworm, and people who have turned into beasts like wolves, all with different forms and abilities, but their ferocity is second to none.
Armand’s tentacles moved at great speed and cut their flesh, but Shirone felt as if he was swinging against a wall.
‘At this rate, I’ll get tired first.’
The monsters, which were gradually closing the distance, pressed Shirone from top to bottom with a wall of flesh.
“Kurrrrr!”
While the monsters were crushing Shirone like a grave, the monster that hadn’t tasted the flesh near the top let out a pitiful scream.
Kwadeuk!
Then the tomb shook.
Quadduk! Quadd Deuk!
The shaking intensified, and a monstrous scream rose from the pile of flesh as if it were coming from the abyss.
Quad de de de de de de de deuc!
The sound of bones breaking, muscles being mashed, and blood mixing with internal organs all mingled together, and at last they all began to be sucked toward the center.
“Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa … !”
The last remaining monster crumpled like paper and disappeared into a black orb.
Shirone got on the floor and struggled to stand up.
His body was convulsing after casting a dark ball three times larger than usual.
“Whoa!”
As much as it was the power exerted by raising the mental transcendence to the limit in Immortal Function, the aftermath was considerable.
“Shirone, are you okay?”
Flu came running.
The space where she fought was strewn with numerous corpses that had been burned like coals.
If Shirone is a hard puncher who competes with power, Fleur is an irregularity who fights with precise algorithms.
No matter how excellent Kenser’s regenerative ability was, he couldn’t stand it if he lit it with a phoenix pavilion and dragged out the time with Dawkins’ algorithm.
“are you okay. It was a bit overloaded.”
Flew felt a slight chill as he looked down the hallway where five tons of weight had disappeared without a trace.
Gather the monsters in one place and cast a dark ball.
It was a tactic of brute strength that was not found to be an anomaly.
“In the end, the rebels who will help us end up like this. Now it’s just the two of us left. We have to stop Ilhwa from drinking.”
Shirone had no intention of retreating either.
Of course, there was a promise to return to Ikasa as well as to punish Reisis.
“There! catch!”
Reisis’ aides appeared from the corner of the hallway.
They were elite fighters who started searching for Armand after he left his original position.
But what was most disappointing was that each of them was accompanied by Akamai.
At first, they reflexively took a fighting stance, but the same thought passed through their heads.
‘damn! late!’
When Akamai’s eyes flashed open and the Antithesis was activated, Shirone and Fleur’s powers of action dropped sharply.
As if I was born as a species that could not move from the beginning, I felt lethargic, with no strength in my muscles.
‘No, but it’s weaker than guarding behind bars. With this, I can land a blow.’
The problem was timing.
You must either decapitate 3 people at the same time with a single attack, or kill 3 Akamai.
‘I have to wait until everyone enters the horizontal cutting trajectory.’
When Shirone and Fleur couldn’t move, Resis’ aides relaxed their expressions and approached.
“Whoa, I finally caught it, rat-like things. At least we almost went to the goal.”
When the plan went wrong, Raysis became extremely violent, and there were only 7 deaths that were swept away while being by her side.
If they had let go of Shirone and Fleur like this, they would have suffered the same.
A bald man approached with a fishy smile.
He, who had lost his pride to Flu in the affinity measurement, smiled bitterly as he enjoyed the reverse situation.
“Hey, we’ll end up meeting like this in the end.”
“You trash child. Aren’t you afraid of the sky after doing this?”
“sky? I don’t know, but this is the sky. It means that it is not a place for people from remote lands to set up and walk around.”
Bald stroked Fleur’s chin.
“Hmm, after all, the real thing is different.”
“Get your hands off me.”
“Hehe, don’t do that too much. All your clones are already dead anyway. You only have one life, you should cherish it.”
Flew kept an eye on the bald man’s movements while meticulously calculating the positions of those in the hallway.
‘Just a little bit more.’
Do not strike until the three Akamai are within range.
But the smirking man leaning on the corner showed no signs of coming all the way.
“Hehe, we only need to take Shirone anyway. So rather here… … !”
“Kiaaaagh!”
A black object suddenly protrudes from around the corner, grabbing the man and knocking him to the ground.
Then, like a swarm of insects, black things encroached on the corridor and quickly turned and glared at us.
“Aaaaaagh!”
The creature that had knocked the man down slumped against his stomach and shook his torso, both legs sticking out of the corner.
“Oh, no! don’t do it! Aaaaaa!”
It was Garas.
It was completely different from the one Shirone had seen in the containment room, but none of the Garas gathered here looked the same anyway.
Garras attacked all living things, regardless of species.
“Kyik! Kiik!”
Akamai, who was grabbed by Garas, let out a loud noise, his pupils widening, and he trembled and fell.
The Garas, who had been tied to the Antithese for a while, screamed as if they were vomiting resentment over missing the breeding ground, then ran towards the hallway.
“This, this… … !”
The bald man’s face turned pale in front of Garras’ charge, which was a mixture of the characteristics of all kinds of creatures.
It wasn’t even a threat to the extent of using magic.
Even if the entire body suffers from egg death, it is certain that they will plant the second generation in the man’s stomach.
Shirone pulled Fleur with the strength she had been saving for a counterattack.
As I planted my tentacles into the wall and widened the distance, I could see the gruesome scene at a glance.
Dark creatures were teeming with encroaching hallways.
A bald man crawled out from the bottom of the darkness and stretched out his hand to Shirone.
“I, please… … .”
It was a look that could only be seen at the end of despair.
“Kill me.”
“Kiyiyi! Hee hee hee!”
“Aaaaaagh!”
The bald man’s upper body was lifted wide, and surprise, shock, and fear flooded his face at the same time.
Shirone and Fleur felt their hair stand on end.
It was fortunate that he couldn’t see what Garas was doing because it was covered in darkness.
“Let’s go, Shirone.”
As Fleur tugged at his collar, Shirone rolled his eyes and looked at the man’s drooling face for a moment before turning away.
The maw of desire was devouring the headquarters.
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 442 - The Day of the Full Moon (6) 1.txt
===============================
[442] The Day of the Full Moon (6)
20 minutes ago.
After escaping the containment chamber’s glass tube, Garas attempted to mate with all creatures there.
It was an incident that exactly matched Flew’s intentions, but one thing was overlooked.
Even she, who knew what a terrifying creature Garas was, couldn’t gauge the exact number of fertility.
Garas, who had been confined in a narrow glass coffin for several days, was in the most nervous state of his life, and when he found freedom, his desire to reproduce reached 200,000 times that of humans.
It takes an average of 14 hours for the genetic information that Garas injected into another species to grow from an embryo to an adult.
But now, seized by a sense of crisis that she could not pass on to posterity, the birth time was only three seconds.
“Giaaaang! KIA AANG!”
At the same time the gigantic creature let out a cry of labor agony, dozens of Garas came out of its stomach.
The cubs, which were wriggling as fetuses, grew into adults within 10 seconds and attacked another creature.
Literally exponential.
In every apartment building, the babies of Garras were born, and the containment room reached a saturation point.
bang! The iron door burst open with a sound, and all kinds of glass ran through the hallway, like water trapped in a dam pouring out.
Those who formed a torrent collided at the crossroads of the hallway regardless of their will, and began to spread throughout the command center following the force of hydrodynamics.
* * *
“Hoo-wook! Whoop!”
Only the gruesome traces of the victims were left in the corridor where Garas swept through.
Only the bald man who had been attacked by Garras leaned against the wall, breathing heavily.
His stomach was swollen with vengeance, and the bloating grew rapidly, more than doubling per second.
“Huh! Huh!”
A trembling hand grasped the dagger on the floor.
The expression on the man’s face was terrified as he raised both hands and held them in reverse, aiming at his stomach.
“Aww!”
have to stab It’s the only best choice you can make for yourself.
However, the man eventually twisted his face and threw the dagger away.
“Aaaaaaa!”
As the man’s stomach exploded, a black monster curled up in a circle flowed down.
When the bent spine was fully straightened, the length of the body reached a whopping 1 meter, and the long tongue was pulled out while resting on the floor with two skinny arms and legs with reverse joints.
The face was distorted as if it had been hit by a hammer, the eyes were missing, and the brain was exposed on top of the head.
“Key, Kikiki!”
Garas, who was walking around like a cheetah, detected the smell of living things with his keen sense of smell.
“me… … Is… … King of Species… … am.”
Pak!
As four cracks broke in the floor, Garras’ body disappeared.
* * *
Shirone and Fleur ran down the aisle, unable to even look back.
Everywhere I went, there was Garas, and I could tell through my body that the space to escape was getting smaller and smaller.
“Seniors! What should I do? I’m going to be surrounded by this.”
A group of Garas appeared in the direction they were going.
When Fleur stopped walking and swung her phoenix, a whirlwind of fire spread out.
“Kiaaa! Kiaaa!”
The heat made Garras’ skin melt and flow like porridge.
However, the wound started to regenerate with Kenser’s ability.
“Sheesh! Is this a replay?”
Garas is obviously not a strong creature.
However, when the bizarre fertility that can create offspring within 10 seconds and the environment of a laboratory in which all living things are isolated, an absurd species was born.
As the population increased explosively in the isolated space, some mutants even tried to breed with their own kind, and the more they did, the stronger and stronger the Garas evolved.
Shirone gritted his teeth with a tired expression.
Up until now, it was enough to know most of the creatures Raysis had collected just by looking at the shape of Garas.
“I will take care of it.”
A dark sphere was born in front of Shirone’s eyes and crushed all the rushing Garas.
It’s thanks to learning that female balls are perfect for Kenser’s traits, but this was also just luck.
Any creature has natural enemies, and since Garas is currently operating under an environment where infinite variations are possible, they are at a disadvantage as time goes on.
“Kiririk! Kyririk!”
Slime dripped down from the ceiling and hung like dozens of pockets.
When the center of the pocket split horizontally and the protruding pupils activated the antithesis, the two stopped moving.
“Keugh!”
At the same time, Garas, who received the power of Hororos, the invisible ear, bit Fleur’s calf.
Seeing the teeth marks clearly embedded in her white skin, Shirone raised her mental transcendence and counterattacked.
As soon as he crushed the snake-shaped transparent Garas with his tentacles, he fired his photon cannon at the ceiling, and the wall collapsed, blocking the exit.
Without even having time to think about the next thing, Shirone looked at the flue.
If Hororos was mixed with the traits of poisonous organisms, it would be disastrous.
“Senior, are you okay?”
Flew saw his leg dripping with blood. He’s not to the point where he can’t move.
However, the moment he saw Garras becoming more powerful as time passed, he had already made up his mind.
“I will lure them out. you find laceys If she doesn’t stop her, her mission is a failure.”
Shirone couldn’t answer.
I know it was inevitable, but it was terrible to leave Fleur as food for Garras.
“Senior, I… … .”
“hurry! You promised me! I will not hesitate when I have to make a choice!”
Shirone clenched her fists and shouted.
“How can you leave your senior! Rather I… … !”
slam! With a voice, Shirone’s head turned.
Fleur’s cold eyes captured Shirone’s face.
“go. I can go. You know that too, right?”
Shirone was not sick. The pain in my chest was greater than the slap on the cheek.
“Kill Reysis. Then come and save me.”
Both of them know that will not happen.
That fact saddened Shirone more than anything else.
“The more you hesitate, the less time you have to rescue me. Would you be able to bear it if I died five seconds ago when you came back?”
“Seniors.”
“Two seconds have passed.”
Shirone closed her eyes and stood up. And for the first time in his life, he lied to someone’s life.
“I will definitely come back.”
Shirone kicked off the ground and ran around the corner.
At about the same time, a group of Garas came running from the other side.
Fleur was no longer afraid.
On the contrary, his expression was calmer than ever, feeling relieved that he had let go of Shirone.
‘thank you. You are a good boy.’
A dry smile formed on her lips.
“Hello Shirone.”
Flew’s expression as he stood up on Phoenix was as fierce as ever.
Smoke was billowing from the body as if it were about to explode.
She, who had amplified her mana with omnipotence to the point where she would not mind burning herself, held out her phoenix.
It was the strongest magic possessed by the certified 8th-class wizard Fleur.
Hellfire!
Explosive flames rising like clouds filled the hallway.
* * *
Tears did not stop in Shirone’s eyes.
However, the sadness that seemed to break his heart suddenly turned into cold anger when he arrived at the laboratory where the Fuzix Machine was located.
Shirone, who was glaring at the laboratory with eyes that seemed like they could cut even metal, slowly opened the door.
In the silence, only the sound of boiling bubbles could be heard.
All you see is the researcher’s corpse.
Creatures were contained in the glass spheres of the Fusics Machine that Raysis had opened with memory vision.
Shirone stopped in front of a glass sphere.
It contained Ikasa’s body, which had been cut into pieces as if it had been chewed with her teeth.
Seeing her face turned upside down, Shirone’s eyes filled with bitter feelings.
‘Ikasa.’
I couldn’t keep my promise.
But the thought of him had to be postponed until later.
Without looking back, Shirone asked.
“Are you feeling better now? Is this the result you were hoping for?”
Laceys pulled up her blood-red lips and walked away calmly.
“It’s like you’ve locked yourself up. That’s why you shouldn’t have touched Garas.”
Shirone slowly turned around.
“Anyway, so are you. give up even now Headquarters will be shut down.”
“Knock-knock! Are you so naive if you really think so? Do you think I did this because I was weak, or because I longed for strength? you’re welcome.”
Quick! Quick!
Lacey’s bones twisted and her muscles began to swell like balloons.
“I am already the strongest creature.”
Her height has grown to reach the ceiling beyond 2 or 3 meters.
The whole red skin was entangled with bundles of gut-like tails, and organs such as the eyes, nose, mouth, and teeth of unknown creatures were clinging to the muscular body.
An indescribable grotesque.
Because it had nothing to do with function, it was an ugly body filled with only absolute malice.
“Shirone, become one with me.”
The photon cannon was automatically and reflexively extended as soon as the Neutral Bass of Raysis resonated.
However, what they were aiming for was the Fuzix Machine, not the Raysys.
bang! Kwak Kwa Kwa Kwam!
Raysis, moving faster than the speed of the Photon Cannon, blocked the Fuzix Machine.
Even with the powerful shock, the solid body did not even move.
Satan’s law – evil incarnate.
If it were a human, it would be divine transcendence to the point of disintegration of the body, but the durability of Resis combined with all kinds of creatures was not inferior to that of angels.
“Kuaaaaa!”
When Raysis vomited powerful flames, Shirone evaded by teleportation and responded with Armand’s tentacles and photon cannons.
The lab quickly turned into chaos.
Reisis did not leave the front of the Fuzix Machine, but Shirone was still pushed back.
As the flames and lightning mixed together and reached a point where there was no escape, Resis threw herself, grabbed Shirone by the neck, and pushed her against the wall.
“Keugh!”
Had it not been for Armand, he would have already broken his neck.
Tentacles extending from the robe attacked, but not even the teeth entered.
“Hehehe, did you think you could win? Because I am the Nephilim, because I am the light of Area 73, did you think you would be able to defeat me?”
Reisis’ eyes glowed golden.
“I am Satan, the embodiment of evil!”
A new consciousness flooded Shirone’s consciousness.
In the space where the flames soared, the incarnations of Satan and Shirone emerged in the same state as in reality.
As Shirone’s golden wings swayed as if they were about to break, Satan raised his hideous face.
“Poor lamb, the Nephilim are no match for me.”
“Great!”
Shirone maximized the power of incarnation with the power of transcending the mind.
Satan’s face crumpled for a moment, but soon he concentrated his strength on his arms as if it wasn’t the same.
“omg!”
Shocked, Shirone’s back bent as if it would break, and both legs struggled.
The only thing that can stop the incarnation of Satan standing at the extreme of evil is the extreme of good.
It was an unattainable level for the human Shirone.
‘Is this how I die?’
As Hwashin’s presence gradually faded, he felt his strength draining.
Perhaps the real body was bent to the point where it was about to break its neck.
‘Senior Flu… … .’
What is she doing now after being besieged by Galas?
‘It can’t end like this!’
Shirone gritted his teeth and performed the incarnation again.
He had to fight to the end even for his senior who threw himself into a terrible hell.
“How dare you!”
As the resistance from Shirone intensified, Satan’s arm muscles swelled up.
Flash!
At the same time, Shirone’s body was enveloped in a pure white glow, and another incarnation was overlaid.
It was Armand integrated into the Ultima system.
As the mind and body rushed into the incarnation as a single signal, it led Shirone to a state he hadn’t reached before.
Transcendence of the mind-everything mindful.
“Kuaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!”
At the same time as the screams of the beasts erupted from Satan’s mouth, Shirone’s body turned into light and exploded.
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 443 - The Day of the Full Moon (7) 5.txt
===============================
[443] The Day of the Full Moon (7)
1st Command went into emergency mode.
The headlights of Kuroi, which were arranged in a row in the warehouse, exploded one after another and started maneuvering.
Foot soldiers equipped with pipers carried arcs and left the warehouse, covering Kuroi’s side.
In the middle of the battlefield where all sorts of disturbances were taking place, only Babel and Sein were staring at each other motionless.
In terms of physical standards, Sein was no match for Babel.
That was the conclusion Sain came to after seeing Babel’s first attack.
‘algorithm.’
But her movements are not human.
If the enemy was maneuvering with a probabilistic algorithm, it wasn’t without a possibility.
‘There is a gap. It’s just hard to find in the human realm.’
– Babel Program: Activated the anti-personnel combat system.
As the panel protecting Babel’s lens emits red light, all functions are used to analyze the sun.
Target: Programmers.
Battle Pattern: Unrecognizable.
Deadly Countermeasure: Infinite.
Babel turned the lower part of his neck to the side while keeping his gaze fixed on Sain as if his joints were playing separately.
Just with that alone, the number of deadly countermeasures dropped rapidly from infinity to about 32.
In fact, if there are 32 quadrillion methods that are predicted to be able to kill without fail, it would be the same as infinite for humans.
The battle would proceed in the way that certain actions would block future odds, and Sein made preparations for that.
‘Maybe I’ll plan the best move.’
So what is the best move?
The game will be decided in the difference of value judgment about it.
Babel moved first and Sein responded.
While the flash of teleportation moved around in three dimensions, Babel’s iron gold star spread like moonlight.
-Death response method: 2,780,000,000 3,643.
It’s like the human level has fallen, but Babel is still overflowing with ways to kill the world.
In the faster-than-expected movement of the body, Sein distorted his expression as he blocked her movement with the iron wheel.
It was a much faster operation than expected.
When Babel makes a certain judgment, the world must make a new judgment that neutralizes that judgment.
Time and space, environment and condition, all variables gave meaning to each coordinate on the battlefield, and Babel calculated all of them.
On the other hand, Sein gave up the method of calculation.
It was madness to respond in the same way to a machine that could do tens of thousands of calculations.
An insight to find the most aesthetically perfect vital point in a tangled form of coordinate points.
The judgment that ‘it will be roughly like this’ created by experience and intuition was filling in between Babel’s algorithms.
“damn! What do you want us to do?”
Two hundred Kuroi encircled the battlefield.
All the members could see was the flash of light and the iron afterimage reflected in the flash.
But the trajectory was terrifying even to an outsider, sharp enough to give an engineer an idea of what was going on.
“Wait for now. If we intervene, that man will die.”
In fact, Sein was desperate.
One mistake and the neck will separate from the body.
Every time Babel’s movement blocked the movement like a net, it felt like my eyes were getting farther away.
A deadly response is an algorithm that moves in a way that can eliminate 100 percent of enemies.
If Babel had been a program that took even the slightest risk, the match might have already ended with Sein’s defeat.
However, looking at it from the inside out, it meant that Sein was also putting off the situation of 100% death due to the barbell.
‘You’re only attacking under perfect circumstances. Does that mean there are still some means left to eliminate me 100 percent?’
An eerie feeling ran down my spine.
Is this how the ant in the ant hell feels?
In excitement, Sein raised the corner of his mouth.
He had defeated numerous powerful opponents, or had not, but it was the first time he had ever overpowered himself in the same style.
‘It’s fun.’
The Iron Wheel rotated while drawing two halos.
Intuition, the realm of emotion, and arithmetic, the realm of reason.
As the two halos overlapped perfectly, Babel and the world that formed it began to shudder.
Cheolryunan – Sun Moon Hwangryun.
* * *
Transcendence of mind and spirit.
Shirone implemented Armand connected to the Ultima system into the realm of the incarnation and installed it in her incarnation.
Just as Armand of reality strengthened Shirone’s body, Armand of Idea strengthened Shirone’s spirit.
As the limit of mental transcendence soared, the incarnation emitted a powerful light, and the incarnation of Satan disappeared.
At the same time, the real Raysis let go of the hand holding Shirone’s neck and was pushed back like a cannonball.
“Huh! Huh!”
Shirone let out a heavy breath.
Armand quickly restored oxygen saturation by extracting oxygen from the air.
Having regained her senses, Shirone stroked Arin’s neck and glared at Reisis.
Flames and electricity alternately leaked from between her teeth.
“Great!”
Reisis struggled in pain.
Her incarnation, made up of the combination of countless living things, is collapsing due to the impact of the incarnation of Shirone.
“Ouch! Whoops!”
The red skin flowed like blood, and eventually even the hideous form began to crumble.
The blood that completely melted and spread on the floor rose as if overcoming gravity and turned into a strong body 2 meters in height.
It had sharp fingertips on a blood-red body, and a thick horn on its temple pointed forward as if it were bending.
But what caught Shirone’s attention was the red triangle floating above the monster’s head.
It was the same as seen in Mara, but the difference was that there were as many as four of them.
‘Quarter Mara?’
evil law satan.
If the angel’s halo is endless perfection, Mara’s triangle represents perfection within imperfection.
Therefore, the highest status of a mara is a triangular mara with three triangles.
However, Satan was the only Mara to free himself from the Akashic Records by building one more triangle.
That’s why not even Ankera can get rid of the evil law that permeates the universe.
Just as Shirone was temporarily integrated with the incarnation of Behemoth in the Kazura Castle, Resis was currently in a state of extreme evil.
“For something like the Nephilim to call me. Has the law of evil become so weak?”
Shirone held back a groan and gritted his teeth.
Even Armand was in a state of shrinking after measuring his opponent’s capabilities.
A feeling that I have experienced before.
Right now, the aura radiating from Resis approached that of Archangel Kariel.
‘I can’t lose! If I die, everything will be over!’
When the photons were compressed in front of my eyes, a huge sphere of light was born as if it were about to explode.
In the state of unity with Armand, Shirone’s limits of mental transcendence far exceeded that of humans.
Even though the power was gathering enough to pierce through all obstacles in the way, Resis just watched with her red eyes raised arrogantly.
Photon Cannon!
When Shirone gritted his teeth and cast magic, buaaaang! A roar cut through the air and galloped.
At the same time, Reisis disappeared.
* * *
“haha.”
Fleur’s body was covered with sweat.
With her back against the wall and her head raised to the ceiling, she bent her knees as if she were about to collapse at any moment, unable to move.
Blood flowed from his shoulder and calf.
Bleeding was also a problem, but the fatigue of the muscles was already to the point that they could not function properly.
I have already blocked four waves of glass.
However, the forced movement of the Dawkins algorithm was a double-edged sword enough to destroy the body when overused.
‘here… … Is it the end?’
“Kyik! Kiik!”
Ten small crab-like crabs gathered in a semicircle around the flue.
Perhaps it was an unlucky species that combined with a weak creature, but the desire to reproduce was no different from other species.
‘Now, I want to stop.’
The discovery of the weaker creatures seized Flew with a strong desire to give up.
Because he knows that this is his last chance to die as humanly as possible.
“Kiyi!”
Garras jumped up and flew at Fleur.
Ponyfar Algorithm.
When the counterattack algorithm was activated, Flew’s body shook and he swung the phoenix in all directions to hit Garras.
With fragments scattered like crab shells, thud! and Flew’s knee slammed the floor.
This attack left all the muscles in his body tattered.
Of course, I know that killing Garras now won’t make the situation any better.
However, the wizard only did what he could.
‘Whoops, I can’t even commit suicide anymore.’
Fleur squeezed my upper body with all her might.
thud! As she leaned against the wall with the back of her head pressed against the wall, her eyes opened little by little.
“Key, Kikiki.”
A grotesque laugh that tickles the eardrums.
Flew couldn’t even turn his head, so he only moved his gaze.
A bizarre creature with a body length of 1 meter was slowly approaching, crossing its four legs repeatedly.
It was all black, so I couldn’t clearly distinguish his features, but the feeling that he was smiling was clearly conveyed.
“human… … female… … .”
Garras are more intelligent than humans. But it was the first time she had a servant who spoke her language.
Approaching the gasping Fleur, Garras observed her for a moment, then pursed his lips.
“found.”
* * *
Syrone was dragged across the floor and thrown into a glass sphere while being held by Satan’s hand.
His heart was currently not beating, and his eyes were turned upside down on his face, with the robe pulled back.
“Pooh.”
Satan and Resis finally felt that everything was over and exhaled in peace.
Muscles were torn in places, and smoke was still billowing from the temple that had been hit by the last blow.
It was the price of looking down on the Nephilim.
“Surely great.”
Reisis raised the corner of her mouth in satisfaction.
With this, everything is set.
Nephilim to unify their traits, angels to give them beautiful bodies, and creatures to perfectly combine them all.
“I become a god today.”
Jumping over the corpses of her aides she had killed with her own hands, she walked over to the Fuzix Machine and activated the device.
As the engine of the Fuzix Machine turned, the glass tube in the center lit up.
It was time to start drinking anecdotes.
Resis entered the last remaining glass sphere, closed the door, and sat upright.
After a while, the eight glass spheres began to fill with plasma.
Lacey slowly closed her eyes.
It is a great integration. It is a journey towards perfection.
When everything melted into one and was reborn in the central glass coffin, she would have become the most perfect being in the world.
The level of the black liquid rose rapidly. Eventually, it went over her chin and covered her face.
Neither the fragmented Ikasa nor the collapsed Shirone could be seen as they were submerged in the liquid.
‘It’s over. Through this… … .’
Whoa!
Then a siren sounded from the ceiling.
Raysis opened her eyes at the faint sound that pierced the surface of Plasma.
‘what?’
He strained his legs, but like rice cakes dissolved in water, the durability of his body was already rapidly weakening in the Plasma.
That’s why it was even more sinister.
“Great!”
Resis did her best to stand up.
It was only after climbing to the ceiling of the glass sphere that I could get a view just a few centimeters high.
‘I-that’s… … !’
Lacey’s eyes shook in shock.
Fleur, dressed as a Norse, was operating the device of the Fuzix Machine.
‘Why are you here?’
If the clothes of the members are stolen, it is likely that they are clones trapped in a containment room, but the clones there are not intelligent.
‘No, I already gave instructions to kill with gas?’
Nothing could be judged.
Is the flu here and now a clone? Or is it a real flu?
Then the siren sounded again from the ceiling.
-warning! warning! Initialize the main type! Main type change from No. 1 glass ball to No. 8 glass ball!
purr!
Air bubbles rose from Resis’ mouth.
The creature inside glass sphere 8 was none other than Shirone.
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 444 - The Day of the Full Moon (8) 5.txt
===============================
[444] The Day of the Full Moon (8)
“Kikiki! humans are funny Emotions show in your eyes.”
Garas, who had suppressed the flue, pulled out his tongue.
The human in front of him was the best prey for the guy who had all the breeding objects taken away by his brothers because he was born late.
As Garras said, Flew’s eyes were locked in fear. But it wasn’t fear of something terrible to come.
In fact, I was vaguely guessing.
Persistent headaches and thoughts that are not clear but seem to be disconnected somewhere.
I was sure that maybe, no, even if it was my own body, I would have made that kind of judgment.
Death is a very personal thing. The fear of extinction comes equally to both the main body and the clone.
That’s why the reason Flew could smile dryly in the face of death was the satisfaction of fulfilling his duty as a single wizard.
“Eat this.”
Garas didn’t know what it meant when a human raised his middle finger.
In that brief moment of thought, Flew’s eyes slowly closed.
‘Shirone, be sure to become a great wizard.’
Perhaps, in the documents Shirone had seen, there must have been written evidence that he was a clone.
‘Thank you for saying that.’
He said he would come to rescue me.
I was happy until the end that I was recognized as a flue, not a cloned creature.
A clone’s lifespan is only one week.
It was a wonderful life though.
Flew’s hand fell helplessly to the floor, and only then did Garas realize that the creature underneath had become an object.
Reproduction is, after all, the desire to preserve the species. I didn’t feel any interest in beings that couldn’t give birth to a second generation.
However, it was unbearably annoyed at the emotional drop that the excitement that was at the peak of falling to the bottom of the surface.
“Kuaaaaa!”
Grasping Fleur by the neck and throwing it against the wall, Garras raised his upper body and let out a roaring roar.
Biology! We need creatures!
His sense of smell, which showed extreme evolution in matters related to reproduction, detected another creature in the distance.
“Don’t miss this time!”
The afterimage of Garas, who was chasing the smell of creatures, stretched along the corridor like a black wind.
* * *
Reisis struggled with all her might.
However, as the muscle fibers were properly disassembled into the plasma, the limbs were moving only in unwilling directions.
‘no! I have to get it back!’
Currently trapped in glass sphere #1, Shirone is a Type B equipped with the Ultima System.
In addition, the main type has been set, so if the sake of Ilhwa continues as it is, all organic substances will be combined around sirone.
‘How the hell did he survive?’
Even seeing the flue with my own eyes, I couldn’t believe the situation.
I wonder if I can get out of the glass ball, why the situation has turned out this way, and whether the woman in front of me is really flu.
I thought I had to think, but only a few questions fell into the swamp of the loop that kept spinning around.
Flu, having modified the Fuzix Machine, slowly turned around. Almost at the same time, the plasma filled up to the end and covered Lasys.
Let’s approach the glass ball with a calm gait! Chuck! And Leisis’s palm was stamped on the inside.
Reisis pressed her face. His eyelids had disappeared and he had a look of surprise, and unanswered questions still lingered in his eyes.
Fleur held up the ring finger of her right hand. Originally, the place where Kubrick should have been worn was much lighter than other skin colors.
‘Then what about the body? But since when… … .’
The point at which Fleur pulled out Kubrick was a week ago, when he spyed on the underground laboratory while Shirone was gone.
Looking at the clone containment room, she intuitively sensed what Reisis had in mind for accepting Shirone into the headquarters.
In order to mass-produce Syrone’s clones, he uses a flu that has the same world’s genes.
In addition, with the addition of Garras traits, it was possible to rapidly grow clones to adults.
After examining the Fusex Machine, the memory transfer device, and the traits of various living things, she came up with an idea.
Transfers the main body’s memories to the clones trapped in the containment room.
Cutting out only the last memory, handing over the drone and Kubrick to the clone, and then entering the containment room and waiting for a chance to counterattack was physically and psychologically hard work, but the effect was powerful.
The most perfect way to defeat an opponent is to insert a knife from behind.
It was a tactic that used the psychological blindness of all members of the headquarters, as the assassin said, saying that a blind man can kill even a god.
‘No way, he was hiding in the containment room?’
Reisis looked at Fleur with a blank expression.
How come I never doubted it?
A Kubrick that was always worn during the physical examination. The thought that even interpretation is impossible without a drone was buried in the unconscious, and there was no room to accept the new situation.
“Stop making a less distant expression and disappear, you devil.”
Resis, submerged in liquid, couldn’t hear Flew properly. However, emotions welled up in him that were far more powerful than he had heard.
‘How dare you… … !’
Reisis gritted her teeth. The teeth, which were as soft as rubber, were crushed in an instant.
“Even if I do, nothing will change! It’s all just coming together anyway! I’m going to have perfect beauty! I won!”
Leaving behind the cries of the drowned Resis, Fleur ran to the number 1 glass ball containing Shirone and knocked on the wall.
“Shirone, wake up! Shirone!”
When I arrived here after escaping the containment room, Ilhwa’s drinking had already progressed considerably.
The first thing I thought was to cancel it, but that was too emotional.
If Shirone is in a state where more than half of the Plasma has been disassembled at the time of cancellation, there is nothing to be gained.
I’d rather proceed like this, but change the main type to sirone. Then, even if it becomes a monster, the project can continue.
Shirone will also understand.
because it’s magic
“Shirone! Shirone!”
But in my heart, I was earnestly praying for Shirone to wake up right now and do something.
The moment Fleur’s voice was transmitted through the liquid medium, Shirone’s stopped heart flinched.
Unlike Resis, whose 70% melted, Shirone’s body, protected by Armand, was still intact.
Armand, who was united with Shirone through the Ultima System, tried a last resort with the basic nature of life.
When the impact was so strong that her heart burst, Shirone’s body bounced violently in the water.
The shock went in again, and the moment my heart was pressed again, my pupils opened wide and air leaked out of my mouth.
“Ouch! Gagging!”
With the shock of coming out of the dead state, Shirone wielded her limbs and struggled.
A dull impact sound came from the glass wall and I could hear Fleur’s voice faintly.
‘Seniors?’
she is alive When she got to that one fact, she quickly regained her sanity.
It was a speed of mental recovery that would have been impossible if he had not experienced the second stage of the survival test.
‘Cold. In the coldest state of mind.’
Finally, I felt Armand melt away. If so, it means that he was trapped in a glass ball, and if it continues like this, he will be absorbed by Reisis.
‘By casting light width… … ?’
The moment he broke the glass sphere and tried to escape, the memories immediately before death were connected, and he hastily reversed his judgment.
Racesis is an unheard of square mara.
If he escaped now, having already lost one battle, he would only become prey for the more strengthened Raysis.
Although the process was different, Shirone, who reached the same conclusion as Flew, took the Spirit Zone and strengthened Armand instead.
‘Let’s hold on. I’m going to hold on!’
I don’t know what kind of spirit will be the subject when the anecdote is over, but if it’s Armand equipped with the Ultima system, it’s worth betting against the square Mara.
Armand’s organic matter was regenerated to the limit, protecting Shirone’s body from Plasma.
And finally, after holding out for a minute, the plasma began to escape through the bottom of the glass sphere.
“Big!”
Shirone broke his shell and pulled Armand down as if he was metamorphosed, and rose to the surface.
His life was saved, but the outcome was unpredictable.
If Armand loses the initiative to Raysis, what will be created in the central glass coffin will not be the demonic sword, but the devil himself.
Woo woo woo!
The sound of burning air caused Reis to open her eyes. Everything was clear to him in his liquid state.
The oscillating fluidity, electrical stimulation that triggers life, Ikasa’s Valhalla action, Jinmai’s galtomic’s magical power, and Ringer’s hard armor were all integrated and rushed in at once.
everything in the world is one.
Didn’t everything beautiful and ugly originally start from one thing?
As blue light descended from far away and colored the whole world in silver, Raysis smiled happily.
In the reflected light, her image before meeting Satan was reflected.
Pure white skin, slightly more developed breasts than others, firm thighs… … .
‘Whoops. But the feet are still ugly.’
Lacey shed tears.
It was the most beautiful figure in the world that I so longed for and desperately wanted.
‘now… … it’s okay.’
The blue light burned like a flash and everything went back to one.
“Cool! Cool!”
With Fleur’s help, Shirone escaped from the glass sphere and vomited up all the cloudy liquid.
The pain was excruciating as if the stomach had melted.
“Shirone, are you okay?”
“no. It hurts so much. But how did you… … ?”
At that time, the glass tube in the center flashed and the drinking of Ilhwa ended.
The glass tube rattled open as Shirone and Fleur looked at it nervously, who had stopped talking.
Armand, shining in all natural colors, was showing off his figure.
“Success, success.”
It was clear that Armand’s Ultima system worked as the main type and incorporated other traits.
Without time to rejoice, Shirone walked away. His stomach was damaged, so he had to activate the Geumgang Armed Forces as soon as possible.
Aaaaaang!
The laboratory door was smashed and all kinds of glass rushed in. Since there were no more breeding subjects left in the underground laboratory, it was natural for everyone to flow here.
“Kyik! Key profit!”
Hundreds of galas, engulfed in frustration, were excited at the peak of their lives.
At the same time that Shirone captured Armand, Fleur activated the phoenix.
Even without the Phoenix, the power of the Phoenix Pavilion was great, but the flaming Garas rushed at it, even risking death.
“Kikiki! found.”
Flew, who had been fighting against Garras with all his might, turned his gaze to the door.
All the Garras stopped attacking and opened the way for the one Garras that had just arrived.
As Flew’s upper body was tilted by the Dawkins Algorithm, a tremendous load was transferred.
All I could see was a dark afterimage passing in front of my eyes. In terms of her speed alone, he was supposed to outperform her.
“Kikiki! It’s fun too!”
The excitement that subsided when he saw a human with the same shape as the human who had died with his middle finger raised a moment ago surged higher than before and activated his cells.
Evolution, which had been progressing in real time, finally reached the final evolution by transcending the gap of the missing link.
The curved spine straightened out, and the face also became close to human, resembling that of a bald man.
Feeling the air around her shimmer, Flew put on her air shield, causing the air to expand like an explosion and push her away.
‘Kuu! Spirit Force… … !’
Justice affinity unique to Norse people. Although Garasu was born of a bald man, his power was far greater than that.
“You’d better have your limbs torn off!”
As Garas turned into a black afterimage and charged forward, Fleur bit his molars and braced himself for the impact.
It could have been avoided with the Dawkins algorithm, but breaking the spine was something to be prepared for.
“Quaaaaagh!”
At that moment, Garas stopped. Flew hurriedly looked behind him as he raised his torso, his shoulders completely narrowed, as if he were tied to his rope, and let out a groan.
Shirone, who had activated the Diamond Armed Forces, was glaring at Karas with fearsome eyes.
“Antithesis?”
It was a completely different form of Geumgang Armament from what she had known so far.
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 445 - The Day of the Full Moon (9) 5.txt
===============================
[445] The Day of the Full Moon (9)
avant-garde.
In terms of human standards, the design of Geumgang Armed Forces was so bold and beautiful that it was close to innovation.
Metallic bands passed asymmetrically across the organic armor that adhered to the curves of the body, and a red cloak that was as intense as flames flowed down from head to toe.
The gloves made of bone material were connected like the joints of an insect and covered the fingertips, and the fingernails were sharp like awl.
Aside from the artificial brain, pupils that were clearly Akamai’s were inserted and were glaring at Garas.
‘done! I can catch it with this!’
Armand’s additional functions were directly installed in Shirone’s head through the Ultima system.
While competing with Satan, he had already raised the limits of his mental transcendence, but this time there were various options that were incomparable to it.
“Big!”
Unable to break free from the antithesis, Garas secreted a violent pheromone.
The moment the sour smell spread, all the Garas waiting around rushed at Shirone according to the king’s order.
“Dangerous!”
Flew hit the shield of fire with Fire Mist, the natural enemy of living things, but Garras’s obedience was blind enough to be compared to that of inanimate objects.
The only thing they were aiming for was Shirone, and they launched a series of attacks from all directions, ignoring the fact that her flesh was melting.
wide!
As Shirone lowered her fist and cast magic, the space was cut out like a curtain of light exploding.
The power of the wide width, which was further strengthened by the strengthening of the law of the S-class creature Jinmai Sikjong Galtomic, was comparable to the durability of an iron plate.
Even the bones of the Garras who were beaten 40 times per second were crushed and cut into pieces as if they were being beaten with a flail.
After confirming that point, Fleur stopped the battle and broke away from the battle line to stay behind Shirone.
Garras must have consumed all the living things in the basement of the headquarters.
Due to the nature of their fertility rising exponentially, it was clear that even if they killed the enemies in the laboratory, they would be flooded in endlessly.
‘I can’t hold on to the phoenix pavilion. This is not a problem that can be solved on my own line.’
Her position in the project is always a supporter.
Although he assists his teammates with his versatile mission-performing ability, it was not enough to deal with the uncountable number of Garas.
Of course, Shirone also participated in the project as a terminator that destroys key factors and facilities, but at present it has gone far beyond that level.
Literally, a biological weapon in which all kinds of traits are gathered.
Even among the thousands of different species of Galas, it has evolved into a powerful figure that cannot find its natural enemies.
“Quaaaaaa!”
The giant lizard vomited flames and melted Armand, but the armor was soon restored by the regenerative ability of Kenser, an infinite cell proliferator.
Realizing that it was not going to be easy, the monsters of the feline family attacked the group with sharp teeth and claws.
Then, the metal of Ringer, a type of armored mineral with the strongest durability, was created, turning Shirone into an impeccable fortress.
Kang! Kang! Kang!
Unmatched hardness.
As all of Garras’ offensive weapons were destroyed, painful screams echoed through the laboratory.
The silvery metal became organic again, and the ends of the cloak twisted into red tentacles.
At the tip of the tentacle that lashed out at enemies, there were teeth of Kuzen, the Devourer, which ingested organic matter to generate volatile energy.
As the teeth meshed together like an ankle trap bit into Garras, an explosive force surged through Shirone’s body.
Shirone kicked off the ground and burrowed into the group of Garas, and launched an attack by linking the shotgun movement.
The size, power, mass, speed, etc. all status values rose as the flash passed, and even just brushing the flesh of the glass ruptured.
“Kiaaaaa!”
The King of Garas, who was looking for an opportunity in the midst of the deaths of his subordinates, jumped out and cast a spell.
As the air compressed, winds sharper than blades rushed in.
Tititting!
Dozens of silver lines were drawn on Shirone’s armor along the wind’s scratches.
It was Ringer’s metal that did not break even in Etela’s Yin-Yang Wave Fist, so even the wind did not enter it.
“I’ll swallow you whole!”
Garras pressed Shirone’s shoulders and opened his jaw joint to the limit.
Just as he was about to rip off Shirone’s face with his sharp teeth, the cybernetic and other antitheses were activated.
“Aagh!”
When Garas couldn’t move with his tongue pulled out, Shirone gathered his spirit and prepared for a counterattack.
Galtomic’s abilities amplified the law, and the large photon cannon, a meter in diameter, compressed with a pop.
“thing… … !”
The energy of the flash created by its mass and speed burned Garras’ body until it was reduced to ashes.
“Kyik! Kiik!”
When the king of the tribe died, the Garas group became confused.
Garras was willing to die in the face of the desire to reproduce, but what stood in front of them now was a predator that transcended living things.
Few were willing to fight Shirone to the end, and most chose to turn around and escape through the door.
“It’s a big deal! They can’t get out!”
When Garas leaves the underground laboratory, the nearby ecosystem completely collapses.
No, the scale of the damage would be beyond imagination if there were no alien species that blocked their influence.
‘I have no choice but to try.’
Shirone activated Armand’s last option.
As the halo of black and white colors rotated above her head, it began to calculate Shirone’s desires.
Valhalla action.
The time for desire to reach the result has been conveyed as a vague feeling.
When approval was granted, Shirone deployed the magic circle without delay.
Ataraxia skipped the integration process and was born right in front of you, and a photon cannon was automatically created and fired forward.
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!
Flu closed his eyes and turned his head at the incident that happened without even having time to prepare.
A flash of light so bright that it paralyzed the eye muscles exploded, and a roar rushed forward.
The duration of the flash is 3 seconds.
In a time that would take a long time to count, the extreme mass wave swept away everything that stood in the way.
Flew, who had covered his ears and could not move for a long time, slowly opened his eyes and turned his head.
It was truly a magnificent view.
As if a lump of clay had been cut into chunks with a knife, the clogged laboratory was punctured in the form of a flash of light.
My mouth fell open in front of a scale that was too natural to be considered human-made.
Light leaked in from the torn ceiling, and Garras’ corpse was nowhere to be seen.
“Big!”
Shirone glared forward with a twisted nose.
The time for Shirone to become incapacitated to fill in the cause for the result is approximately 23 seconds.
It was a figure that could be obtained thanks to raising the threshold of mental transcendence while forming an unified mindset with Armand.
Flew muttered in disbelief.
“To think that even an angel’s power was absorbed.”
Even if it is an equivalent exchange of cause and effect, the reversal of cause and effect is a tremendous event for a being who cannot go against the flow of time.
In particular, if the archangel’s ability, Super Magic Amplification, can be deployed immediately, the degree of inability to act cannot be called a disadvantage.
Once the Photon Cannon passes through Ataraxia, few creatures will survive in front of its power.
Shirone, who waited 23 seconds in a comfortable state, exhaled heavily as soon as the restraint was released.
After disarming the diamond and returning to the form of a sword, Armand emitted a strange glow.
Shirone used the rated control to float the sword in front of her eyes and took a closer look.
It was a color that looked like blood flowing through metal, so it was a bit grotesque, but addictive enough to make it hard to take your eyes off it.
<Demonic Sword Armand> Ultima Version (Equipment: 6)
1. Ikasa’s Valhalla action: Equivalent exchange of cause and effect. Automatic calculation of exchangeability.
2. Ringer’s Skin: Creates a super-strong metal substance. automatic response.
3. Galtomic’s magical power amplification: Explosive strengthening of the law.
4. Kuzen’s Eating Metabolism: Volatile energy is generated by ingesting organic substances.
5. Absolute Restoration of Kensor: Maximizes Cell Regeneration Rate.
6. Akamai’s Antithesis: Reverses the law and suppresses the target’s actions.
After arranging the functions of Armand in her head, Shirone suddenly realized what she had overlooked.
A total of 8 creatures were combined, but only 6 options were added.
Excluding the main type Armand, looking back at the missing traits, it was Lacey’s.
‘What happened? Ilhwa’s sake would have been perfect. Is it because the trait is not absorbed because it is a square mara?’
Flew put his hand on the shoulder of the thoughtful Shirone.
“Are you okay? Are you okay with fighting like this?”
Her voice trembled with excitement as she watched Shirone’s formidable dance up close.
Shirone’s fighting power with Armand’s ability was strong enough to be used even in the battle against Heaven.
Most encouraging of all, he was a Terminator who had to deliver an unprecedented blow to Heaven.
What she fears the most is that she is killed by someone before she can cast Divine Punishment.
However, if he had the power to protect himself, the success rate of his mission would also be greatly increased.
“I’m OK. The lungs have also recovered. however… … Is Garas really annihilated?”
Flew looked at the spot where the flash had passed.
“Since we were the only creatures capable of breeding in the lab, everyone must have been running here.”
“But there are exceptions.”
“No, it probably won’t happen. Can a person who has starved for 10 days smell meat and not come running? Because Garras’ needs are much bigger than that.”
Several people’s faces appeared through the cracks in the ceiling.
They were survivors buried in rubble.
Shirone let out a sigh of relief.
Today’s incident could have been the starting point for the unification of the rebels if there was someone who could prove the evil deeds of the Raysis.
“Are you all right? What happened to the commander?”
“Dead, everything.”
The crew listened to the interpretation with the drone that Shirone had launched and nodded their heads bitterly.
It is fortunate that the mad commander who used even his subordinates as a test subject died, but the damage to the headquarters was irreparable.
As Shirone came up to the ground, the miserable survivors gathered in a circle.
The commander died and even the officers were annihilated.
Now, the only person they could rely on was the light of Area 73, Shirone.
“Nephilim, what should we do now?”
“Please be our commander. It is something only you can do.”
It was my honest feeling that I didn’t like it.
It was strangely ironic that those who denied Ankera and gathered in Purgatory tried to deify someone again.
‘That could be easier. but… … .’
It is also a dangerous thing.
When you leave judgment to others, humans commit more cruel things than humans.
“All right. We will carry out an operation to unite the rebels, so go back and get treatment.”
It wasn’t a way I liked, but when the eyes of the miserable crew members came alive, I thought it was all right.
Gaold’s project was the most important thing, and sticking to one’s own ideas would be a dangerous ideal.
‘It’s over.’
That’s how the work at 2nd Command came to an end.
The two successfully completed their task, but silence fell between them.
There were still heavy things in my heart.
life, living things, human beings.
In Purgatory, where humans are also just a species, in what sense do we exist?
‘Laysis… … .’
How can we explain that she, who preached the meaninglessness of the body, was in fact obsessed with it the most?
Is reason a product of evolution beyond animal nature, or is it just another desire created to hide desire?
Tired of endless questions, Shirone sighed and looked up at the sky.
A fly that had escaped from the basement was flying up.
(end of volume 18)
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 446 - Mind Arming (1).txt
===============================
[446] Mental Armament (1)
The two iron wheel eyes interlock to form the world, and everything changes within it.
That is the sun and moon halo.
It is a technique that made Sein the strongest person in the Black Line mental system, allowing him to perfectly control the environment within the range of equalizing horizontal values.
That is, if the horizontal value is 100, it is possible to increase the force to 99 instead of reducing the speed to 1.
Depending on the settings, the transformation value is infinite, so the actual mechanism is not that intuitive, but depending on how you handle it, it contains formidable potential to defeat opponents superior to you.
– New program detection. quest.
Babel’s halo immediately recognized the change in the world.
The biggest change was that Sein’s speed was exceeding hers.
It’s not that Sein has sped up or Babel has slowed down.
To be precise, it was the result of equalizing the relative speed of the two objects.
Babel’s deadly response method, which had reached 2.7 billion, fell sharply to only 2 million.
It’s been a long time since Babel calculated this far for a single individual, and a human at that.
Of course, there are still 2 million possibilities to instantly kill the world.
But what really scares Babel is that it’s a completely unruly program that doesn’t even feel relieved about it.
No carelessness, no impatience.
Babel only repeated the existing calculations and dutifully pressured the world.
‘It’s really tricky.’
It was mental strength that Sain, who had equalized hundreds of environments that led to an advantage in battle, dropped to level the level.
His Spirit Zone was as huge as Jonah’s, as he was one of the few spirit-type wizards, but it was now reduced to an area of only 20 square meters.
Babel went into close combat without delay.
If the number of deadly countermeasures increased to 830,000, there was no reason to refuse.
‘It’s a monster. There is no gap at all.’
It was a force that even Sein, who had dealt with numerous strong people, had no choice but to stick out his tongue.
It wasn’t a transcendent ability, but the combat power derived from the flawless algorithm was comparable to that of an angel.
keying! keying!
Every time Babel’s capital brushed Sein’s cheek, a sharp roar pierced his eardrum.
‘I’m already caught in a trap.’
There was a feeling that Babel was beginning to be sure of something.
Can’t stand it.
If things went on like this, Sein’s head would fall off in the next 10 seconds.
-Death response method: 32,564.
A cause produces an effect, and the effect in turn becomes the cause of a new effect.
The number of countermeasures dropped exponentially as all causal factors that occurred from the beginning of the battle contributed to the current result.
And that meant only one thing.
‘Die!’
Even at the moment Sein was convinced, the rebels couldn’t move.
Only Sein was aware of the definite death.
Aaaaaang!
Then, a huge steel pillar slammed down in front of my eyes.
Before even checking the barbell on the floor, Sain raised his head.
The armored body, which reached a height of 30 meters, was in the posture of striking the ground with its arms.
It was a titan belonging to the 3rd level of the mecha combat system.
Even in the rebel headquarters, there were only three pieces of equipment, and the power of the thermal flash cannon created with the formidable physical force and magnetic pulses that approached 3,000 tons in mass was the best among mecha technologies.
It required hundreds of thousands of elixirs and thousands of tons of minerals to produce one, and even the programs that make up the system were not designed by anyone.
If you need a Piper to operate the Kuroi, then the Titan cannot be controlled without riding the Kuroi.
This is because it takes 10 tons of physical strength just to move one of the Titan’s arms.
It was an extremely sensitive equipment compared to its size because it was the way power was transmitted in order of Piper, Kuroi, and Titan, so the combat power varied greatly depending on the skill of the pilot.
The person on board Titan Unit 1, which crushed Babel, was a genius pilot and rebel commander, Crude.
It wasn’t that he intervened because he knew that Sein was dangerous. It was the confidence that I could definitely defeat it now.
However, that confidence was shattered by the mighty force rushing into the control panel a moment later.
“Aww!”
Hearing the scraping of iron, Babel lifted the Titan’s gigantic palm with both hands.
When Crude pulled the control stick, the plasma engine delivered power with a powerful roar as if about to explode.
The more he did, the faster Babel’s halo rotated.
Eventually, it spread like Nova, pushing out the ridiculous weight and pulling the body out.
Aaaaaaaang!
When the Titan’s palm crashed again, the ground ruptured and a pillar of earth tens of meters high rose.
Sein retreated as if sliding and covered the battlefield.
Kuroi’s fire net embroidered the sky, and the two remaining Titans fired heat flash cannons at the flying Babel.
Kanya and Lena, who lost their fathers, were also among the members fighting frantically.
“die!”
Kanya burst into tears and pulled the trigger.
However, it was impossible to hit an object faster than a bullet.
– Babel Program: Activated the wide-area combat system.
-Target: All.
– Battle pattern: Slaughter.
-Death response method: 7.
Babel, which applied the new algorithm, ran across the battlefield at terrifying speed.
Every Kuroi in the spot where the silver flash passed exploded and collapsed.
thud! thud! thud! thud!
Every time the three Titans struck the ground, vibrations were transmitted to the feet of the three people tens of meters away.
‘I can’t defeat Kuroiro. He is an enemy who is already beyond the scope of comparison of force.’
Crud followed the barbell with his exquisite piloting skills.
It was a speed that was difficult to catch up with the human eye, but the trajectory of Babel was still drawn on the radar.
However, it was to measure the inertia, and it was entirely up to the pilot to hit the target.
‘It’s here!’
Boaaaaaang!
The Titan’s shoulders opened, and a black, cavernous muzzle protruded, firing a thermal flash cannon.
– Evasion chance: 0%. Get into a defensive posture.
Babel stopped flying and crossed his arms in an X. At the same time, a terrifying flash of light hauled the metal body to the ground.
Aaaaaaaang!
A barbell bent at the knees was standing in the place where the earth turned dark red and melted like lava, spewing out smoke.
‘damn! What the hell is it made of?’
To be sure, it is absolutely not a pure mineral.
But it didn’t even come to mind which alloy could be used to achieve such thermal durability.
‘Ten seconds.’
If the energy of the heat flash cannon could be concentrated for more than 10 seconds, even the world’s barbell would have no choice but to melt.
However, having calculated that far, Crude smiled bitterly.
It was only natural when you consider what a barbell could do in 10 seconds.
As time passed, the victims came one after another.
Even though Sain equalized all the environments to be unfavorable to Babel, he was pushed back.
‘weird. It’s really strange.’
Sein realized it only after taking a step back from the battle.
That machine is by no means man-made.
It only looked like a machine, and the internal program was far beyond human battery.
Angel’s work? or what more?
That was the extent of Babel’s strangeness that Sein felt.
– Changed the battle system.
When the number of rebels decreased by the set amount, Babel finally stopped working.
“Now! Power attack!”
Crude gave an immediate order, and thousands of bullets hit her.
Babel’s body, which spattered sparks, was like the flame itself.
– Activate map weapon. Codename Babel.
Babel finally revealed his true value of existence.
When I bent my upper body like a bow, my neck fell off and went behind my back, and then my chest opened.
The gun barrel with the glass ball was exposed, and the upper body fell behind the legs, and the arms and legs were embedded in the ground to serve as a support.
Kurrrrrrr!
An electrical phenomenon occurred in front of Babel’s glass sphere as he aimed at the Titan.
“Heat flash cannon! Plug it straight in!”
Crude, who felt the crisis, concentrated six muzzles on three Titans.
Direct fire at the ground with a wide-area strike weapon was a combat rule that was not in the manual, but it was not in a position to cover it now.
Six thermal flash cannons rushed toward Babel, and at the same time, huge photoelectric cannons were fired from Babel’s glass spheres.
As the two energies collided, the entire command center was as bright as daylight, and the world was filled with the sound of burning.
Crude’s Titan, with a hole pierced in one shoulder, staggered as if it would collapse at any moment.
“Keugh! damn!”
-Babel test launch completed. firing operation.
Light particle cannons were fired from Babel’s muzzle in all directions as if ignoring the previous power.
Literally a map weapon.
The firepower was enough to devastate the entire headquarters within one minute.
“damn! I can’t!”
Sain ran to Babel and tried a last resort.
Let’s put the equalizing of the sun, moon and halo into Babel’s system! My mind wandered as if I was dreaming.
‘What the hell is this… … .’
A lax and complex system that even those who have trained their minds countless times will fall into the swamp of oblivion.
A ray of blue light penetrated the center of those numerous circuits.
* * *
“haha.”
In the stillness of Niflheim, where everything was frozen, only the breathing of the guide could be heard.
Even he, who had made a contract with the Ice Spirit, didn’t seem able to hold out for a few more hours.
It was only natural that even the Salamander, a tier 2 monster, could no longer raise the flames.
They didn’t just freeze to death, but the shadow of the corpse was creeping towards their ankles.
Kang Nan barely opened his frozen mouth.
“Where the heck is Hell? Couldn’t you have gone the wrong way?”
The guide answered in a dying voice.
“I just came as I was taught. More than that, I… … I don’t know… … .”
The guide was paying a heavy price for his greed.
The idea of taking a mountain of black elixirs and becoming the ruler of the mainland was just a mirage in front of the reality.
“This, no more… … .”
Just as the guide was about to say his will, Zulu’s steps stopped.
The severe cold was driving her body into a terrible state, but her face was still calm.
“Gaold, over there.”
A huge shadow was moving under the ice sheet where Zulu pointed.
Tiny shadows streamed in from all sides, merged, and stood up in the shape of a convex bell, soaring above the ice.
enemy?
In any case, it was the first change that appeared after killing the group of Grim Reapers.
Also, that was the reason Gaold had been patient and followed the guide all the way here.
For a moment no one moved.
It was a perfectly natural sight in Niflheim, but everything changed as the rising darkness gradually revealed its reality.
Cuckoo Cuckoo Cuckoo!
As the ice swayed, Kang Nan kept his balance and glared at the darkness.
Something 10 meters tall, wearing a white robe on a black background, was rising into the sky.
No legs were visible, and the ends of the robes split into dozens of pieces and fluttered.
‘This… … tremendous!’
Kang Nan bit his teeth and took a fighting stance.
The sun was getting dark.
Cheeik!
I turned my head at the sound I heard from below, and the Salamander’s flames were completely extinguished and it was starting to freeze.
“Uh, uh uh?”
The guide made a startled noise.
Excitement was rising from the tip of his toes. But when the ecstasy reached his head, he had already turned into a frozen corpse.
“It’s a lot of magical power.”
Zulu erased Salamander’s corpse and focused.
Which boss to cast would depend on the opponent’s alignment.
“I am Hell, the god of death.”
Gaold’s eyebrows twitched.
“Wanderers of Niflheim, I will supply and demand your lives.”
“Quack.”
Gaold strode forward even with an opponent who was incomparable to the Grim Reaper.
Salamander is gone, so from now on you will have to start the fire with your body.
“Indeed, it was like that. It wasn’t local.”
The king of Niflheim, the land of the dead.
That was the identity of Hel.
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 447 - Mind Arming (2).txt
===============================
[447] Mental Armament (2)
The halo of the sun and moon that appeared at the center of Babel’s system relayed all information to Sein.
It was the same effect as if Sein’s consciousness flowed into the system, and Sein found a ray of blue light penetrating the tangled circuit like a spider’s web of light.
‘This… … .’
The Ultima system is just a signal, but Sein could not extract any information from the signal.
A concept that is highly concise, on a different level from difficulty or complexity.
It was so huge that it was an extreme insight that human cognition could not contain at once.
‘Who the hell made this?’
Sein climbed endlessly along the Ultima system.
In the place where the blue flash passed, a magic circle made up of an angelic system was blocking the center as if blocking a street corner.
The concept of the magic circle was also difficult for humans to read, but it was fortunate for the world if it was rather complicated.
Sein, who analyzed the signals of the magic circle by equalizing the halo of the sun and moon, opened his eyes as if in shock.
‘shit! It was like that.’
According to the confirmation, no matter how much the magic circle of the angels did, it seemed that this perfect unified signal could not be disturbed.
The only thing the magic circle’s algorithm changed was the purpose of the metal angel’s performance.
‘Someone tampered with the enemy detection settings. not a rebel Rather, this… … .’
A weapon for killing angels.
If so, there was only one thing Sein had to do. Reversing the setting by canceling the angel’s magic circle.
If that was the case, I could hit heaven with a counter.
Sun and moon halo!
The halo, so clear that it was impossible to even think that it was spinning, began to dismantle the angelic magic circle.
“Big!”
Sein was overwhelmed by the amount of information far greater than expected.
‘Damn it! This is information that is only needed to change one enemy detection setting.’
I was keenly aware of how great an intellectual product the blue flash that penetrated the system was.
‘no. It’s too late at this rate.’
Even though Sein is a Servant with equalization, it seemed like it would take 200 hours to completely dismantle the magic circle.
‘There is no chance of winning this way. I have no choice but to destroy it from the inside.’
The rotation of the halo stopped the moment the sun and moon halo was installed in the center of the angel’s magic circle.
The aftermath of the sudden stop was so powerful that Sein’s head was smashed.
“Keugh!”
The magic circle’s core logic overwhelms the world’s logic.
Then, the magic circle emitted a brilliant light, and then attacked Sein’s logic.
Blood flowed from Sein’s nose at the shock inflicted by the halo of sun and moon rotating in the opposite direction to the magician’s logic.
‘Does this make sense? How can such a proposition be established?’
The angelic magic circle completely denied the thinking that humans had developed over thousands of years.
Cracks in the halo of the sun and moon drew unpleasant cracks.
Sain’s eyes gradually turned upside down, and blood leaked out from between his clenched teeth.
‘Is this the end… … .’
Sein’s consciousness fell to the edge of the abyss.
At that moment, the Ultima System expanded the flash and permeated the magic circle.
The reverse rotation of the sun and moon halo stopped.
Sein, who woke up from the brink of death, shuddered at a phenomenon beyond imagination.
‘Unbelievable.’
A signal made up of only one was quickly cutting off the link of the complex angelic magic circle.
‘What on earth is this system?’
A single signal that perfectly encapsulates the entire universe.
Even the grand logic of an angel was nothing more than a murmur of an idiot before the only insight that could stand against the Akashic Records.
-Reconnect to the Ultima system.
-Babel Primitive System up and running.
Babel began to reset as a small change created by Sein made Kariel’s logic system as inaccurate as a speck of dust.
As the magic circle split into fragments, Sein activated Equilibrium.
As the two gears meshed, Kariel’s destroyed logic was carefully ground and returned to the world of nothingness.
The Ultima system was still simple, but it got bigger.
As the light expanded, everything finally came together.
Woo woo woo!
Babel’s photoelectric cannon disappeared like turning off a faucet.
Then, the legs and arms stuck in the ground rose up and the upper body stood up, returning to its pre-transformation form.
thud! thud! thud!
As the pilot relaxed, dozens of Kuroi fell to their knees as the power transmitted to the piper decreased.
“What happened? Is it over?”
During the 20 seconds that photoelectric cannons fired continuously, the rebel headquarters was completely devastated.
The Titan driven by Crude was damaged, and half of the command’s forces were dead.
-Babel program initialization.
Babel, who was in a fighting stance, lowered his hand.
Then the electrical wings disintegrated into dots, and the head and knees slowly began to descend.
– No signal.
– Waiting for user registration.
Babel knelt down in the ancient ruins and waited for the next user to appear.
A look that was absolutely disgusting to the rebels.
Kuroi’s c*ckpit opened and Kanya came running with Cigna.
“Aaaaaaa!”
bang! bang! bang!
Every time Babel’s face was struck with a sword, a powerful explosion occurred, but not even soot was formed on the metal surface.
If it had durability that could withstand heat flash cannons, it wasn’t something that could be hurt by a mere signa.
That made me even more angry.
Babel’s unmoving figure, as if willing to accept the sin, plunged Kanya’s heart into despair.
“Sister, stop!”
Lena ran crying and stopped Kanya.
Even if you take out your anger on a lump of metal, only the body of the person who hit it will be damaged.
“Let go! I will kill you! Let go!”
“And what if it works again? It’s just a machine!”
“Ah ah ah ah ah!”
Kanya threw away Cigna and screamed at the sky.
Even though he lost his father, he was so resentful that there was no way to even get revenge.
“Whoa!”
Sain wiped the bloody nose and stood up slowly.
Crude, who had disembarked from Titan, approached while remaining calm.
“You finally did it. thanks. Thanks to that, the damage was reduced.”
Even though he had already suffered tremendous damage, the inaction of Babel against Crude was that much.
“No, the system itself repaired the error on its own. I just opened the lock.”
Crude looked back at Babel with a serious expression.
“I have met many Norsemen, but I have never seen one as powerful as you. If you still say that, then what the hell is that machine?”
“I don’t know the details either. The only thing I know is that it wasn’t made to deal with subjects. It is an ancient weapon for archangels.”
“An ancient weapon… … .”
Crude approached Babel, who stopped working.
Looking down at her lowered face, he saw that the red light on the panel was still flickering.
“It’s not like the power went out. Are you sleeping?”
“maybe. It seems that the system was initialized while destroying the angel’s magic circle.”
“That’s right. Hmm.”
Crude stood up with her eyes shining.
“then… … How about we use this?”
It wasn’t that Sein hadn’t thought about it either.
However, as the person who directly explored Babel’s system, I was able to assert that there is little possibility.
“Babel’s system consists of integrated signals that transcend the human realm. We cannot decipher it.”
Babel’s capabilities transcend Titan’s.
It would be of great help to the force if it could be drawn into an ally, but what human could decipher the signal?
‘How do I use this?’
The cries of the victims permeated Sein’s cold-hearted thoughts.
* * *
It wasn’t darkness that covered the sun. It was the energy of death that had flowed in for eons of time.
As Hel, the ruler of Niflheim, showed off his presence by growing in size, Gaold and his party trembled.
Perhaps the thing that most resembles death is the cold.
The energy of death, which cannot be expressed by temperature, penetrated deep into the bones and suppressed the vitality.
“Whoa!”
Kang Nan widened his eyes and energized his body.
You have to overcome with life.
If you don’t prove that you’re alive by activating each cell, you’ll end up like the guide.
At that moment, Gaold’s face crumpled like a demon, and powerful atmospheric pressure plunged him to the ground.
Pain 100,000 times.
Whoops!
Darkness swept down like wallpaper peeling off, but soon the energy of death engulfed the space again.
Still, it was a strange phenomenon to Hel.
The energy that even blocked the sun couldn’t be erased with air pressure.
‘The will to live?’
It was a will beyond imagination.
“You arrogant man, why do you reject death?”
Hel raised his body and spoke solemnly, but Gaold pretended not to hear, lost in thought.
‘Certainly this one is tricky.’
He tried to measure the threshold of pain needed to suppress an energy more powerful than that of the Grim Reaper, but it was not an easy task.
When there was no answer, Hel spoke again.
“Did you walk to death in search of an abominable labyrinth? But the only thing waiting for you is the god of the dead.”
maze.
The moment he heard those words, Gaold became a completely different person.
An earthquake occurred in his pupil, and all the veins began to stand up.
“how… … Understand?”
“There is nothing unknown to the dead. It just doesn’t interfere.”
“Quack! I mean.”
Whites appeared in Gaold’s eyes.
As the haze of self-denial spread through his body, even the energy of death took a backward step as if terrified.
Kang Nan sensed the danger and approached.
I don’t know how far the limit of pain perception is, but the old limit has already been exceeded.
“How do you know what people say! obviously don’t… … !”
“shut up.”
Gangnan’s mouth was tightly shut.
This way you can’t dry it. Gaold’s mind would be nothing but Miro’s thoughts.
“Where is the maze? You’d better brush it off nicely. Unless you want to die one more time.”
“The labyrinth… … !”
shouted Hell.
“Keeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee!”
The words that followed were ferocious ears that made the heart stop.
The robe came off, revealing Hel’s face, which seemed to be the sum of all the deaths in the world.
As the energy of death surged in as sharp as a blade, Zulu, who stood in the way of Gangnan, cast a boss.
“Posmetry.”
Cao oh oh!
A huge bird made of light wrapped around the two of them.
The dark energy hit them the very next moment, but it just passed by without giving any impact.
Space-time bird, postmetry.
Although Zulu is famous for being a lich summoner, POSMETERY was also a tier 2 monster that only she could master.
Posmetry appears once every four years on the equatorial island of Canarica, flies for three seconds before disappearing, presumably staying in another dimension.
It took 12 years for Zulu, who collected all the records of postmetry that had been witnessed thousands of years ago, to succeed in becoming a boss.
Considering that it stays for 3 seconds once every 4 years, the exact period was only 9 seconds, and people follow Rich as a major anecdote to praise Zulu’s genius.
Kwak Kwah Kwah Kwah Kwah!
Posmetry transported the two to another space-time for three seconds, and everything that happened during that time had no effect on them.
For the first time, Kang Nan could clearly see the aura of death passing in front of his eyes.
What I thought was darkness was actually an infinitely overlapping pattern of the screaming faces of the dead.
“Three seconds. I can’t stand it any longer.”
There was no need to listen to Zulu.
At the same time as Hel showed his true colors, Gaold was already charging towards the demon’s face.
maze! maze! maze! maze! maze! maze!
Only one word was passing at the speed of electricity in my head, and that blind belief brought even greater pain.
“The god of the dead? Something like a shell… … !”
Raising his right hand high, Gaold swung his fist down and cast a spell.
Pain 500,000 times – air pressing.
As Hel’s form disintegrated, it was trampled downward like tens of thousands of water droplets falling.
Woo woo woo woo woo!
The belated shock caused the entire landscape to vibrate up and down like a planet shaking.
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 448 - Mind Arming (3).txt
===============================
[448] Mental Armament (3)
At the same time as the energy of death disappeared, Posmetry moved Zulu and Gangnan back to their original time and space.
Gangnan stared blankly at the ice sheet where the darkness had disappeared.
Only Gaold was shaking his shoulders and breathing heavily.
‘It’s like a stupid human being.’
Gaold’s power had risen unexpectedly even for her, who always accompanies him.
It was not that I had any special training or attained enlightenment.
Miro met after 20 years.
As he got closer to her time and space, the amount of pain he could endure also grew exponentially.
It was precisely this point that Gangnan was concerned.
Even if Gaold had surpassed the limits of pain due to self-reciprocating mutations, the endurance of living things was not infinite.
Just like the day 15 years ago when Gaold first fell into the great heat hell.
“What are you trying to do… … !”
“It’s not over yet.”
As Kang Nan approached, Gaold opened his mouth.
Darkness rose again from under the ice sheet as if it had been waiting for it and completed the shape of Hel.
‘Is it an incorporeal entity?’
In the world where Gaold lived, there was a representative ghost.
As an existence that crosses the boundary between mind and matter, it is not physically affected and cannot be influenced in its mental state.
However, when it is in a material state, it is a being that can exercise physical force and can also be subjected to physical force.
Hell also escaped a crisis by going from a material state to a state of mind right before Gaold’s air pressing crushed his body.
It’s a tricky ability for humans to deal with, but for Hel, the ruler of Niflheim, it hurt his pride.
Whoo!
Hel’s gaping pupils whirled like a whirlpool, drawing Gaold into the depths of the abyss.
The world was once again plunged into darkness, and the struggle between the undead and the immortal began.
The air magic of 500,000 times the pain was already out of the realm of the attribute of atmosphere.
Air bullets from the air gun fired at breakneck speed.
Even though it was an explosive burst of fire, Hell’s body was simultaneously punched with holes as if it had been hit by shotgun shells.
The tattered Hel rushed at Gaold.
“Human! I will sprinkle your bone meal over the body of the abominable maze!”
“Great!”
Hel’s provocation backfired.
Hundreds of wrinkles formed on Gaold’s distorted face, and hot steam leaked from between his teeth.
Gaold’s self-denying Great Superheat Hell unfolded.
In a space as dark as the night sky, the flames of deterioration swelled, and the souls of death, the screams of hungry ghosts, and extreme cold and heat began to mix.
Even Hel, the ruler of the dead, had no choice but to remain silent in front of Gaold’s powerful self-denial.
‘Is there such a person?’
Hel immediately changed his mind.
‘No, are they really human?’
Pain is 500,000 times the pain.
No one can imagine what hell Gaold is experiencing.
No one could even guess.
But to Gaold, that is the only reality.
‘Miro… … .’
No matter how painful it is, he doesn’t die.
‘It’s a maze.’
The reason didn’t matter.
On that day 20 years ago, the day he had to helplessly watch Maze being dragged away, Gaold gave up on being anything.
Thanks to the experience of countless shocks, even the memories were tangled up, but even in the chaos, the only thing that was not forgotten for a moment was Miro’s voice.
-Because you are weak.
20 judges. Everyone in the world clung eagerly. And the labyrinth walked into Istas on its own.
But the fact that only Gaold knew, the truth, was the voice of Miro that he met on the eve of the Twenty Judgment.
– Even if you can’t do anything!
Tears of blood poured down Gaold’s upside-down whites.
‘It’s a maze!’
Pain 1 million times – air pressing.
Hell popped and was crushed, then regrouped in midair.
It was a situation that could have been destroyed if it was a little too late to change into a mental state.
A light of confusion passed across Hel’s face as if his soul was draining.
I hope Gaold is dead.
It was the first time in existence that I wanted someone’s death so desperately.
‘Are you afraid? I?’
The ruler of the dead has no fear of death. So what Hel felt was the fear of endless acceleration.
Gaold’s self-denial, whose limits could not be measured, knew no bounds, as if he were on a rail that seemed to accelerate forever.
“Keeeeeeeeeee!”
As Hel spread his energy with all his might, all kinds of dead people floated in the air with tails of black smoke.
Gangnan and Zulu, who found the dead rushing toward the ground, each scattered in different directions.
It can be defended with postmetry, but due to the nature of space-time birds, in order to escape 3 seconds, you must demonstrate omnipotence close to 4 years in real time.
Even Zulu, the strongest in summoning magic, was a magic that required more than 30% of mental power, and the current limit was only 1 time.
It was not a good decision to use it now to prepare for the decisive moment.
“Keugh!”
Kang Nan raised his arms and crouched down in the face of the dead attacking like a whirlpool.
Every time the fingernails scratched, black scars were engraved on the skin.
The body that had been trained all his life tried to counterattack, but it only penetrated the body of the dead who returned to a mental state.
‘The airlift has to be done at the same time. The only chance is when the enemy attacks.’
Gangnan, who caught the strand, took the posture of Ram Muay.
Between the arms erected in the shape of 11, her eyes sharply penetrated the enemy.
oh oh oh!
As the dead attacked, her body moved.
The black smoke of the dead was shattered with each successive attack that covered the shortest distance in a straight line.
Farther away, the Zulus summoned Oud Worms, giant worms, to suck in the corporeal dead.
The irrational dead did not give up, and as the population decreased, their sight gradually began to disappear.
“What about Gaold?”
he was in the sky Also, his face had changed so grotesquely that he couldn’t tell who was the ruler of the dead.
Life and death, self-denial and despair collided in the sky.
“Annoying… … !”
Gaold’s great heat inferno spread out on a scale never seen before, extending out of Hel’s darkness.
Bakum Press!
At that point, Gaold’s organ, which even compressed Ataraxia’s photon cannon, was cast.
As the vast atmosphere compressed into a single point, Hel’s body began to tighten rapidly.
‘Can’t I get out?’
Despite being transformed into a mental state, Hel was unable to penetrate the force of the vacuum, which gradually shrank in size.
abhorrence.
Finally, Hel realized. He, the ruler of death, wondered why he was afraid of mere humans.
It was because Gaold was not afraid.
“Keeeeeeeeeeeeeee!”
Hell continued to compress.
From a small sphere to a smaller sphere, to a point, and finally to nothing… … .
At the moment of extinction, Hel exploded, spreading the countless dead that he contained in all directions.
The lion’s roars they uttered were so strong that they spread throughout Niflheim, and contained such a powerful aura that any creature would lose their life the moment they heard it.
While Gaold was floating defenseless, Zulu and Gangnan, who had arrived behind him, transported all three of them to another time and space with the power of postmetry.
The lion’s roar compressed the air in the form of a ripple and spread out, and like the eye of a hurricane, complete silence came.
Gaold landed on the ice and raised his head. And he heard the sound of the wind whirling in the clear air.
– Even if you reject mortality, there is nothing you can hold on to forever. go to pay There is an abominable labyrinth there. She will drive you to your true death.
It was the sound of the wind.
“… … .”
While everyone was silent, after a while, nearly 100 black elixirs fell like rain from the air.
I don’t know how many black elixirs Ya Mang suggested, but I wouldn’t think of more than they had.
No one in Purgatory would be able to collect this many black elixirs.
Gaold did not laugh.
After the terrible pain, the only thing left was the reality of life that I was still alive.
Some memories have been erased and others have remained, but what value is there to memories that cannot be arranged in chronological order?
Gaold threw all his memories into the trash can of oblivion, and turned back, holding Mazeman again.
Since that day 20 years ago, he has been living like this.
“Pick it all up. go back.”
Gaold turned coldly and walked away.
Kang Nan, who was watching Gaold passing by, bared his teeth.
It is fortunate that the purpose was achieved, but the act of recklessly raising pain could lead to the project being stopped.
Tactics and strategies were nowhere to be found, and I couldn’t wait to see the battle like a thunderclap.
“Wait. In this way… … !”
The moment he turned around with a ferocious tone, Gaold’s body staggered.
Kang Nan, who took a step without realizing it, stopped moving.
should not be caught Because no one understands his pain.
He was a man who had walked alone for 20 years.
‘okay. Whether I return alive or die and be buried, it ends here.’
Gangnan made a promise. I would do anything to get Gaold there.
* * *
Shirone immediately returned to the 1st Rebel Command after integrating all forces under the 2nd Rebel Command.
Armin’s party, who was allowed to run the munitions factory, was the first to return, and Gaold’s party returned after delivering the Black Elixir to the Night Mang.
All three parties performed their duties perfectly, but Shirone couldn’t help but laugh.
It was because I heard the shocking sad news as soon as I arrived.
Headquarters had already been devastated.
The culprit who slaughtered countless people was the metal angel that Babel and Shirone had unsealed.
I couldn’t bear to look at Kanya and Lena’s faces.
Clove and Gardlock, who died in the collapse of 2nd Command, and now Kanya’s father.
Every death felt like it was his fault.
‘but… … I have to speak.’
Shirone mustered up the courage to head to the room where the two were.
At least he had to honestly confess to them that he was the one who unlocked Babel.
The sisters forced themselves to smile when they saw Shirone, but their expression disappeared again at Shirone’s confession.
Even after hearing all the shocking facts, Kanya and Lena didn’t react.
Shirone didn’t know if they were angry or if they didn’t even have the energy to get angry anymore.
“Sorry. It’s because of me. Even if I hadn’t unsealed Babel… … . It’s all my fault.”
Lena couldn’t hold back and burst into tears.
I honestly don’t know how to react.
Kanya raised her eyes fiercely and said.
“If Daddy was killed by an angel other than Babel, is it not your fault?”
Shirone couldn’t answer.
“No, it’s all your fault, Shirone. All deaths in heaven are all your fault.”
Kanya got out of bed and approached Shirone. Then he buried his face in his chest and said.
“So, fight for us.”
Shirone felt her chest get wet.
“I-I didn’t do anything. Even revenge… … I’m so helpless… … .”
In the end, Kanya also sobbed.
What she felt in front of an enemy beyond imagination was that humans are mere insignificant creatures.
But Shirone is different. And those who came with Shirone were also different.
How could that be? How can they withstand that overwhelming enormity?
Shirone let out a long breath.
I came to heaven to meet Ikael, but now I can’t do that.
“Let’s go to Babel.”
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 449 - The Beginning of Change (1) 1.txt
===============================
[449] The Beginning of Change (1)
Drimo.
A multidimensional space into which all the mental energy of the world flows.
There are no clear rules to define the world in this place where many rituals are mixed.
Anything can be done, anything can be denied.
Sometimes a knife comes in after the throat is cut, and there are times when the knife comes in but the throat is not cut.
Therefore, to have a clear consciousness walking around Dremo is an act of suicide.
Everything in this place was a trap unless it was supported by a high level of mental understanding.
I don’t know how much time has passed, but to the grave robber Arius felt that he had already aged 10 years.
Brahma, whose brains were stretched like hair, never separated from Arius’ side and presented a solution.
It was a place where even him, who could make a judgment in one second, made by 10,000 prudent people through compromise, had reached the end of dying several times.
“Whoa. Whoa.”
Arius slowly led his weary body into the temple.
If there are no keywords here either… … .
Miro is probably not human.
All information related to her was extracted with only the name Miro.
Being a creature, being a human being, there is no choice but to have mental trauma.
The original plan was to hit the maze with that trauma and wake her up from the dimension of cowardice, but now even that is unlikely.
A temple floating above the clouds.
Did the actual temple of the labyrinth look like this?
Arius, who opened the neat and antique door and entered, looked around with some expectation.
And he immediately crumpled his impression.
I didn’t even have to look for anything. Because there was nothing to see.
All that could be seen was the clean floor of the temple, stretched out without a speck of dust.
“Damn it! how… … How can there be no trauma! how!”
Arius bit off his teeth.
As a grave robber, he entered the minds of countless people.
Even in the heart of a person who is known as the kindest person in the world, there is a dark psychology and a trauma that can never be revealed.
That’s human, and that’s why the world is maintained.
However, Miro seemed to be completely out of those rules.
‘I can’t do this. She’s human too.’
Doing nothing doesn’t mean doing nothing.
She also lived as a human being. She loved, made mistakes, desired, and hated.
It’s just that it didn’t lead to remorse and shame, denial and self-destruction.
Literally the pinnacle of sophistication. A spirit that is infinitely free because there are no taboos and no attachments.
“What are you going to do now? I couldn’t find the keyword you said.”
Brahma asked.
His life might come and go depending on his answer, but Arius didn’t care.
I have thought that there is no perfect human being. It’s still the same now, but it was time to make a choice.
‘Have I misunderstood humans? Aren’t humans inherently imperfect?’
“Arius, can you find it?”
When he did not answer the second question, Brahma flew up with his brains fluttering.
Arius, whether aware of this or not, hovered in one place with his chin resting on his chin.
maze.
A scale magic genius unprecedented in history.
‘Maybe I took it too easy. It needs to be examined in more detail.’
Miro has been winning and winning all his life. Perhaps the most shocking event for her was the 20 judges.
‘Right.’
Arius stopped and looked around the columns of the temple. Then he lifted his fingers and started counting.
One, two, three. Standing in front of exactly the twentieth pillar, I checked to see if there was anything different.
‘No?’
Numbers are the main keywords that make up the mind.
If there was such a thing as a keyword, it should have been here.
‘Should I find it in the name of referee? However, there is an object that can symbolize the judgment… … .’
“Arius, the time has come.”
Brahma approached from behind, revealing an evil expression with a light purple glow.
The time indicated by Kariel had already passed. He had come this far with his own judgment, but even he could not wait any longer.
The moment when Brahma’s arm, which had turned into a blade, quickly swung to slit Arius’ throat.
“ah!”
An exclamation escaped Arius’ mouth.
The two blades came to a halt, gripping his neck. Blood leaked through the cracked skin, but Arius was in no mood to feel the pain.
“ah… … Ahhh… … .”
As Arius approached the pillar, Brahma also withdrew the blade and watched a little longer.
“there is. there is.”
There was an incontinence in the grid with even irregularities that you would never know unless you looked closely.
’20 judges! Something happened that day.’
Arius’ fingertips trembled as he reached for the incontinence.
Brahma, who was watching it, activated his ability.
As the trauma of incontinence amplified, the landscape changed.
There was a small well in the black space, but the meaning of the scenery was no longer important.
Arius rushed over and looked inside.
The only scar left in Maze’s mind.
The scene of the wound was reflected like a video.
“This, this… … !”
Arius’ eyes widened in shock.
It was a very human scene, completely different from what he expected.
“Quack. Kkkkkkkkk.”
The cells of the whole body tickled, and laughter erupted all over the body.
“Ha ha ha ha! Ha ha ha ha!”
The best young lady and joy in my life.
Conquered the maze.
He found the only weakness engraved in the wizard’s mind that seemed to have no gaps.
‘It’s something only I know. The labyrinth is mine now.’
Brahma gave a cold voice.
“If you find it, go ahead and start it. Kariel-sama is waiting for you.”
I was thinking of doing it without even looking.
Because I was going crazy wanting to see her expression when she was forcibly taken out of the dimension of cowardice.
“then… … shall we start?”
Since the spirit of the maze is connected to the well, Arius jumped right in.
Brahma followed, and with the only trauma Miro had, he wove a net and threw it into the plane of cowardice.
The spirit of Miro, immersed in samadhi, distorted his impression.
“Keugh!”
Even in a state of unconsciousness, she tried to maintain her sanity only by inertia.
However, the more I denied it, the more endless thoughts flooded my mind.
My heart was pounding, and only the thought of him pounded in my brain with a muddy feeling.
“Huh!”
Miro’s eyes flashed open after his samadhi mirror was broken.
As the infinity of fear disappeared, turbid thoughts rushed in like a torrent and swept Arius and Brahma together.
When she woke up, the scenery that appeared was her own temple, different from the one in Drimo.
Miro, who was sitting cross-legged, glared at him with fierce eyes, and Arius opened his lips trembling with delight.
Miro, without answering, looked away and looked at Brahma.
3 mara It was clear that the angels had somehow found a way.
‘Utilizing trauma… … .’
It’s been annoying since before, but I never thought it would eventually catch my ankle.
“Abominable labyrinth.”
Brahma floated in the air.
“Everything is over. The only fate remaining for humans is to obey Ankera’s will. From now on, I will cut your bones into pieces.”
‘Where is my body? Have you already moved to heaven? Then there is no turning back.’
Arius added.
“If you ever intend to go into samadhi-gyeong again, put it aside. Of course you know why.”
Then, triumphantly, he approached Miro and thrust his face into it.
“I was quite shocked. I never thought you would have that side.”
Miro’s eyes trembled.
It was a great shock for others to know about thoughts that no one else should know about, and even to turn away from themselves.
However, it was by normal human standards.
As a result, Arius had chosen the wrong opponent.
“Something like a poor wizard.”
“ha ha ha! Are you qualified to say that? My heart was revealed to such a poor wizard… … .”
Arius stopped talking.
What I saw in front of me was the eyes of a maze that had grown larger than the temple.
When the tight irises grew as large as the pupils of the moment before, Brahma charged.
“Abominable Labyrinth!”
It was Brahma’s will.
snap!
Arius looked at Brahma’s corpse, which had been crushed like an ant by a finger that fell from the ceiling, and slowly turned his head again.
Nothing was visible. The relativity of scale is growing to infinity.
Arius trembled as if struck by lightning.
perfect greatness.
Huge and gigantic, the highest dignity in the universe, which could not even be recognized by the senses of a mere insignificant creature, was in front of my eyes.
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
A sound intoxicated with ecstasy burst out.
My heart skipped a beat as the best impression of my life filled my head.
Arius attacked her with a mad emotion.
Passing through a dense forest, crossing a lake, jumping over two convex mountains, and arriving after so many years, was the end of the world where a huge pillar was built.
‘Ah ah ah ah ah… … !’
Arius lifted his head with difficulty, leaning on his crutches.
The moment I saw Miro’s face floating huge in the sky, tears flowed.
“Finally, we finally met.”
Kneeling on her palm, he had the happiest expression in the world with his arms outstretched.
There is nothing in this universe as lovely as a maze. There is nothing more precious than a maze in this universe.
this is so beautiful
That’s why it’s so perfect, and that’s why it shouldn’t have any weaknesses.
In front of the greatest emotion of his life, Arius tilted his wrinkled face and kissed her palm.
“month! Month after month!”
And wiggled his butt like a dog.
He reduced himself to the most servile creature Arius could conceive.
You thought you could have a maze. How disrespectful is this.
she is absolute She must be unblemished by the absolute.
Therefore, it is the eyes that deserve the worst treatment.
Even these two eyes that have seen what they shouldn’t see!
hooked!
Arius’ hands dug deep into the eye socket.
‘It shouldn’t exist!’
Arius pulled out the eyeball with all his might, and raised his trembling hands as if offering it to Maze.
“Absolute One, please accept this young servant.”
Miro looked down at Arius indifferently.
Having realized the dimensional wall, he will never be able to cross this wall again.
To Arius, the labyrinth was a god.
‘The dimensional wall has already been broken. I’ll have to leave first.’
Miro closed her eyes and the world went out.
At the same time, the door installed in the Great World War exploded, and two people jumped out of the maze of reality sitting cross-legged.
One was Arius, who had been blinded, and the other was Brahma, who had been crushed.
Kariel covered the distance of hundreds of meters at once and arrived at the front of the maze.
“I finally see you again.”
The eyelids of Miro, who had escaped from the samadhi, slowly rose.
“Monthly! Krrrrrr!”
At the same time, Arius fell on the floor and barked like a dog.
As a servant of Miro, the only thought in his head was to protect his master.
However, as soon as Kariel kicked him in the face, he jabbed and hurriedly hid behind the maze and rubbed his cheek.
After confirming the angel’s face, Miro opened her mouth.
“Kariel, it’s been a while.”
“Whoops, you’re still arrogant. Well, among humans, you’re the only one who can call the archangel’s name carelessly. Anyway, with this, the space-time of the labyrinth is gone.”
“It turned out just the way you wanted it. But humans won’t be easy either.”
“I don’t know about that, but it sure is interesting.”
Miro’s eyebrows twitched.
“… … What do you mean?”
Kariel opened the Great Law.
Since the space-time of the labyrinth has already disappeared, it would be better to kill him right away, but a better solution than that was currently in Purgatory.
“A human named Gaold. I think I came looking for you.”
Miro’s eyebrows narrowed slightly.
‘This idiot… … .’
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 450 - The Beginning of Change (2) 1.txt
===============================
[450] Beginning of change (2)
The command and control room of the 1st Rebel Command.
While Shirone took Caña and Lena, Crud gave a briefing on the battle to Gaold and the others.
The damage caused by the barbell was greater than expected, promptly losing 40% of power and 53% of munitions wasted.
The main point of the briefing was that an all-out war with Heaven was impossible in the present state.
It was a surprising achievement that the Syrone party unified the 2nd rebel army, but it was the same that the headquarters was cut off anyway.
“Sooner or later, the production of the large Targis will be completed at the Night Alliance munitions factory. However, there are not enough personnel to carry out the operation. Even if you avoid Angel and Mara, it is impossible to get close to Arabot by passing through the fairies of the Ministry of Justice and the giants of the Royal Guard.”
Sein’s thoughts were the same.
Neutralizing Heaven’s air defense system, Aegis, is to break through the outer walls.
From then on, it depended on how much time the rebels could pull off, and how far Gaold could go.
‘And Shirone. To cast God’s Punishment, you must be able to enter at least the entrance of Arabot.’
Once the mass is gathered at a high altitude, it takes about 14 minutes to fall to the ground.
Therefore, the calculation was completed by firing the Seindo laser close to the vertical and predicting the rotation period moving for 14 minutes to the center of Arabot.
The reason why the high-difficulty ultra-short-range strike was set is because the operation centered on recapturing the maze.
Depending on the state of the maze, the variable will change in real time.
In that case, it would be a loss to use God’s Punishment in advance to narrow even the margins of recapture.
‘I want to see the situation until the very end, even at the risk. In that sense, Syrone’s penetration requirements will be the key.’
While everyone was lost in thought, they knocked on the door and Shirone entered. Kanya and Lena, who did not know why, were also together.
Knowing that he had left to comfort the two sisters, Crude looked suspiciously at Shirone, who accompanied them.
“What’s going on? Do you have something to say?”
“I have a suggestion for you. Where is Babel now?”
“A metal angel? He is in Kuroi Quarantine.”
“Please guide me there.”
“Why? Metal Angels are classified as Level 1 Security within the Command facility. I understand the sadness of losing a family member, but I can’t open up about it.”
“Maybe I can restart Babel.”
“Babel… … Are you restarting?”
Crude looked incredulous.
Didn’t Sein actually say that? The metal angel’s system is said to be the product of a higher-dimensional being that goes beyond the angel’s information system.
‘Have I been persuaded by the two sisters?’
He was the one who clearly watched the scene where Kanya tried to destroy it by swinging Cigna when the Babel stopped working.
“Sorry, but that… … .”
“Please allow me. I don’t know if Shirone can do it.”
“Mr. Flew.”
Crude is a cold-hearted commander at the meeting, but he is a little warmer to Flew.
“What does Shirone mean if you can do it?”
Flu was the only person who knew that Shirone had an Ultima system.
It was because the follow-up of the 1st Command was too busy to report everything that happened in the 2nd Command, and the other team members also needed a break.
‘How do I explain this?’
Not only was the Ultima System unknown to anyone but the person involved, and there was a sense of reluctance to disclose the fact that Shirone liberated Babel.
Of course, she never thinks that Shirone is responsible for the disaster at First Command.
But I wondered if other people thought so too.
‘It’s good to hide things that can be hidden.’
Shirone could not ignore the voice of conscience, but Flew was a mage who was thoroughly thorough from the bone.
“First, please guide Shirone to Babel. Shirone will give a detailed explanation there.”
Then, when Sain made a formal request, Crud followed their words and headed to the warehouse where Babel was quarantined.
The guard was strict, but the fear in the eyes of the guards could not be hidden.
It was literally an existence that drove the headquarters to the brink of annihilation.
“Now, how do you reactivate this?”
Babel had her head down as if she had fallen asleep, but Shirone could already feel it from the moment she entered the warehouse.
‘The output is the same. The order just disappeared.’
The flow of charge that forms the barbell has been clearly conveyed through the Ultima system.
As Shirone approached slowly, feeling as if he could lift her up right now, Crud said.
“Wait, are you really sure? one of a kind… … .”
Even if Shirone reactivates Babel, if he attacks the rebels like before, then annihilation is inevitable.
Sein said.
“You don’t have to worry about that. Because the angel’s algorithm is completely broken. It’s a fact I’ve already confirmed with the Iron Wheel.”
Even Sein, who said that, did not know how Shirone would restart Babel.
He guessed that the system grafted onto Babel is a groundbreaking information system that unifies all signals in the world.
The closest thing in the original world would be a binary number, but this was a level higher than that.
‘Connect to Babel.’
Shirone closed her eyes and resonated with the Ultima System. Then, the panels embedded in Babel’s eyes glowed red.
– New user detection. Ultima system access.
As invisible signals extended between Babel and Shirone, their information was integrated.
‘This… … .’
The feeling of connecting with Babel for the first time was amazing. What Babel sees, he was seeing.
-Run the Babel native program. Gaia code number 2 discovered.
-Absolutely inviolable. Enter algorithm setting mode.
Shirone’s will was converted into a unique programming language that powers Babel and began to be input automatically.
-First goal. protect the rebels
-Second goal. Eliminate the enemy quickly if insurgent protection is impossible.
-Third goal. Protect Kanya and Lena when it is impossible to eliminate the enemy.
If the 3rd algorithm is activated, the battle situation will already be lost.
It was a program that contained Shirone’s own sense of responsibility for the sorrow of two sisters who lost their father right in front of their eyes.
The algorithm was complicatedly connected as it progressed to the 4th and 5th order.
Being able to resonate between humans and machines with a single signal was a technology on a completely different level from telepathy.
-Applied Shirone Algorithm. Babel program running.
As Babel, who had been kneeling, stood up with the sound of an engine, the guards guarding the containment center aimed their arc at the same time.
Even Crude, who was aware of the overwhelming pressure of Babel, had no choice but to take a step back, swallowing saliva.
Babel, who walked straight to Shirone with clattering footsteps, got down on one knee and paid homage to Gaia Code Number 2.
“Babel. I will carry out sirone-sama’s instructions.”
Babel’s voice, heard for the first time, was so calm and clear that it was impossible to imagine the brutal performance.
“Oh, how could this be… … .”
Crude was shocked when the weapon of fear that destroyed the headquarters took a submissive attitude to Shirone.
Subduing Babel, which even destroyed the angelic mental system, meant that the spirit of the Nephilim surpassed that of the angels.
‘Is this the light of Area 73?’
In any case, if Babel became an ally, nothing could be better. She was more than capable of restoring 1st Command’s lost fighting power if she was her strong arm.
But Shirone thought differently.
In order to use a barbell as a combat weapon, efficiency alone should not be considered.
Who would want to fight alongside the machine that killed their family?
As expected, when Kanya saw Babel stand up, her eyes lit up and her fists trembled.
Abominable machine.
What was even more irritating was that it was made of metal that was so strong that humans couldn’t break it.
Shirone said in a calm tone.
“Babel, carry out my orders from now on.”
“I carry out Shirone-sama’s orders.”
Shirone looked back at Kanya and said.
“Destroy you right here, if you want, Kanya.”
“Shirone!”
Fleur shouted.
Why destroy an ancient weapon as powerful as an angel?
Gaold, on the other hand, raised the corner of his mouth.
War is a clash of all things, and emotions are more important than tactics in human fights.
Now that half of the rebels have lost their families, if Babel is not treated clearly, there will be no fighting spirit.
‘It’s like you, Shirone.’
Of course, Shirone’s method is unconventional.
Perhaps the humanity or boldness of thinking that if Kanya destroys Babel, that’s it.
‘haha. Well, I don’t know about war.’
Babel said calmly.
“If Kanya wants it, I will destroy myself.”
When the choice passed to Kanya, the guards who had lost their family paid attention to her with cautious eyes.
‘I want to kill you. want to destroy but… … .’
Kanya bit her lip until it bled.
It was really strange. The machine that brutally slaughtered the rebels did not sense the slightest murderous intent.
Because there was no such thing as flesh from the beginning. Everything was just the appearance of a machine from a human point of view.
“When this war is over… … .”
Kanya clenched her teeth and turned around.
“You will have to pay the price.”
Behind her as she walked away, Babel answered in a kind tone.
“When the war is over, I will pay the price.”
* * *
Shirone couldn’t fall asleep until late.
It was the only choice I could make for Kanya, but on the other hand, I was worried that I might have hurt her more.
At that moment, Zulu knocked and came in.
“Were you sleeping?”
Shirone jumped out of bed.
“no. Come on in.”
Although they are working as a team, Zulu was still a difficult senior for Shirone.
“How are you feeling?”
I thought I knew why Zulu had come.
Even if he thought, he couldn’t say for sure that the destruction of Babel wasn’t mixed with emotions at all.
“sorry. There will be no such thing in the future. I will clear my mind so that there is no disruption to my mission.”
Shirone put effort into acting with clear eyes.
Although he was inferior in experience to his teammates, he had no intention of becoming a burden.
However, Zulu’s words were unexpected.
“Shirone, you don’t have to try too hard.”
A hot and heavy foreign body sensation caught on Shirone’s throat. Her eyes were red with tears and she was speechless.
“Humans are not that strong. The mind rules the body. What, then, governs the mind?”
As Shirone calmly waited for an answer, Zulu lightly placed her hands on her chest and said,
“It is the heart.”
“mind… … .”
“The mind has no substance, so it cannot be trained. Gaold, Sein, and Miro also have great mental powers, but they know sadness, and sometimes they are shaken. Even if you have a heart as strong as an adamantine stone, being sad is sad.”
Shirone spoke frankly.
“Actually, it is very painful. I think I’m responsible for Kanya’s father’s death and the deaths of the rebels.”
“Accepting sadness is natural, but if you hold it in for too long, it can get sick. Now, let me teach you the secret of impermanence. Try this.”
Zulu placed her hand on Shirone’s chest.
“The body, mind and heart are all connected. To put you in the cycle of breathing. Then you can stop the activity of your mind for a while.”
All living things breathe. Therefore, focusing on the breath was an act of returning to the basics of living things.
“Inhale, exhale. Inhale, exhale.”
Life is, after all, breathing.
As she focused only on that, the distracting thoughts in Shirone’s head were pushed out of reality.
After a minute like that, Zulu slowly laid down the sleeping Shirone and spoke in Middle Eastern.
“Shirone, the human heart is hell. If one day you fall into that hell, don’t forget this breath of thoughtlessness.”
Zulu stroked Shirone’s forehead with a pitiful look, got out of bed, turned off the light, and carefully left the room.
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

