===============================
Chapter - 576 - Almighty Monster (3).txt
===============================
[576] Almighty Monster (3)
* * *
Even after Shirone was summoned by Siena, the black-and-white match continued to develop fiercely.
Amy and Anchal’s hand, which they met at the training ground behind the graduating class, was a draw with ●● (two-dan), and a clash occurred to take the scramble in a situation where the same hand was revealed.
Jincheon Magic – Sagado.
A huge serpent coiled around Amy and bit her upper body.
“Keugh!”
It’s just an illusion, but the intensity of the psychological shock is at a dead line.
Above all, the fact that avoidance was impossible was the most difficult.
‘Red eyes!’
As Amy’s eyes burned red, resetting her mind, the impression of her eyes crumpled.
‘Self-image memory. This is difficult.’
The only person who could put pressure on him at school would be Vice Principal Olivia at best, but Hong An, who did not receive the welcome itself, was the worst of the worst in Sangseong.
Jincheon magic – sword fighting.
Amy felt her flesh being ripped apart as thousands of blades rose from the ground and swayed like grass.
However, once the Red Eye is activated, all illusions are reset.
Amy, who broke through the sword fight, threw a fist, and Anchal put her fist between her elbow and knee.
“Kuk!”
It was a martial art trained by experts, if not schematized.
‘The martial art of the East. What is it?’
Amy, who had spread the distance, regained her composure, but Anchal held out her hand.
“I’ll yield to the scramble.”
“gibberish!”
“I’ll withdraw from the game if you want.”
“what?”
Only then did Amy stop moving.
“It is pointless to fight any more. I just want to investigate Istas. I have no intention of interfering with school life.”
I couldn’t figure out the intention of Anchal.
‘Come to think of it, even in the consultation, I had a private meeting with Shirone upon victory.’
In case of defeat, it was the price of not breaking the seal of the demon’s eye even in the graduation exam.
‘Unless there is a clear purpose, there is no balance. Do you really not care about graduation?’
Amy asked directly.
“Who the hell are you? Why is a talented person like you in school?”
“I collect dolls… … .”
“shut up! Who do you think would believe that now?”
Anchal sighed.
“The purpose cannot be revealed. I just want to make a deal. As I said earlier, it doesn’t matter if you abstain. It’s good to discuss with team members. Instead, if you win… … .”
“no.”
Amy cut off her words.
“Everyone gave up even the graduation evaluation and is fighting fiercely. I don’t know what the trick is, but I can’t tolerate such a secret agreement. So you fight with all your might.”
“is it?”
Anchal, lost in thought, muttered in his native language.
“I don’t understand the Western way of thinking.”
“What are you muttering?”
As Amy rushed with her red eyes flashing, Anchal waved her hand.
Jincheon Magic – Image Realization (Self-Portrait).
‘Oops!’
Flames rose from Amy’s body and formed into a huge female body.
It was a tricky ability that materialized the target’s mind into an image and made it attack the owner.
‘Is this my self-portrait?’
Amy looked up at the woman burning with huge flames.
The firepower was intense enough to explode, and she was a woman of fire with a full chest.
“… … Images are also distorted by complexes.”
Amy’s face turned red.
“You are laughing! Are you okay with me?”
At that time, the self-portrait of fire swung a fist and attacked Amy.
‘Red eyes!’
Amy would be the only person who could remove the self-portrait at the same time as it was implemented, but the face mask also disappeared before I knew it.
“What is this… … .”
The fact that he disappeared without even taking the scramble added credibility to Anchal’s words.
‘I don’t know what you’re thinking.’
* * *
“… … I believe it exists. I believe that your love will change the world.”
In a deep forest where no one visits, Eden prayed.
The condition of the contract with the allied team is to keep the infinite combination until the end of the 7th day.
Granted a free roll in return, she was pushing her faith to the limit for the decisive moment.
“God is omnipotent, transcendent, and unique.”
That’s why the body that Yor dwells in was invincible.
“Oh God! Use me according to your will.”
Incomprehensible prayers came out of her mouth one after another, and a holy light burned brilliantly from her body.
* * *
bang!
Siena slammed the desk and shouted.
“Is there an alternative mind, or is it not! Fighting at school!”
“It’s not a fight, it’s a scramble… … .”
“shut up! When I asked them to come and go, did they run rampant without being able to tell what was going on?”
Siena has a reasonable personality, but this time, she didn’t leave room for objection.
“You are a walking strategic weapon! Don’t you know that people around the world are watching Dongtae? Did you come back from heaven just to play this game with your friends?”
Siena was also a member of the task force that participated in the Heaven Project, so Shirone was disappointed.
“This is a trap that Frings has dug. I’m running to kill you, so what do I do?”
“You die anyway.”
Siena said coldly.
“You should be thankful that you caused an accident with the whole world. Even if you had a little humanity in your accident, you are already dead. Whether it’s a kingdom, an organization, or anything under the surface, he’s probably been assassinated already.”
Shirone lowered her head sullenly, and Siena’s tone softened a little.
“You know what? You are not alive because there is something to protect you. Rather, everyone is the enemy, so we can’t use our hands right now. Standing in the center of a typhoon with an incredibly narrow core. In this state, if you stray even a little, you will be caught up in an instant.”
It was like a dream when I came back to school and spent time with my friends.
So did you think that this time could go on forever?
“sorry. We will prevent this from happening in the future.”
Only then did Siena, who had calmed down, turned the chair and crossed her arms.
“Quietly finish.”
“yes?”
When Shirone asked back, Siena frowned as if she didn’t like it.
“Even the principal knows about Scramble Royale. Miss Olivia has a lot of influence in her teacher community, but it’s impossible to block her student channels. If you can understand it, the school will tolerate it, so you should calmly deal with it without saying anything else.”
Shirone, who blinked, saw through the true intentions and replied.
“all right.”
“Stop going out. To be clear, something like today shouldn’t happen again. You know what I mean?”
Shirone bowed her head in front of the door and quietly left the room.
* * *
When Shirone returned to the battlefield, Eruki summoned everyone to the hideout.
On Day 4, when Scramble Royale was halfway through, a few unusual things were noticed.
“Anchal suggested a secret meeting. I was embarrassed and refused, but I thought I should report it.”
“As expected, Cayden leaves the battlefield. I haven’t seen one today.”
“You must be receiving recovery magic. I will be back within the 7th day.”
“One peculiar thing is that there is no Eden activity. I didn’t even collect scrambles.”
“You were smashed by Shirone yesterday. Could it be that he gave up?”
Eruki shook his head.
“Optimism is not good. Enemies aren’t stupid either. It must be something you’re aiming for.”
Sabina said.
“The two combined teams have been inactive, but Fisho has started collecting scrambles in earnest. The difference in card collection speed compared to the number of people is not large because the insects are released and taken up quickly.”
“Since we have confirmed that scramble can be moved to other factors, we will actively utilize it. Then we have Dorothy. From now on, when the second half begins, you also have to think about the total amount of cards you can collect. We use Hickory to keep scramble stockpiled. can you do it?”
“… … huh.”
Dorothy answered in a low voice.
Eruki glanced back at the lack of motivation like yesterday, but for now, he turned his attention away and asked Shirone.
“How was it anyway? I heard you were called by Siena-sensei?”
Shirone shook his head bitterly.
“I don’t think I’ll be able to go into the class room from now on.”
Nade gnashed his teeth.
“Damn, that’s too much. Those bastards must have been aiming for something like that.”
“No, I was wrong. Because I can’t harm my juniors.”
Only if the person concerned did so did the friends have no choice but to accept it.
“There will be restrictions on your actions in the future. Knowing that scramble moves are possible, the combined team will relentlessly attack. So, do we have to redesign the circulation?”
“are you okay.”
Shirone said with a smile.
“Because I can finish it before entering the training ground.”
* * *
That night. Ethella came to Siena late at night.
“How is Shirone? Were you surprised during the day?”
“I sent it to Tyler.”
Siena touched her feverish forehead.
“Ha, I am the worst teacher. Inciting a fight.”
“It is unavoidable. It’s not just a school problem.”
He returned from heaven, but it was a truce.
That is why heads of state around the world were watching Shirone’s progress.
“It is frustrating. I don’t know what the hell is going on, so I can’t find a solution.”
“Sensei Siena, you just have to do what you can. There are already experts on the move.”
– Do what you want. It’s about being a great teacher.
Armin’s voice echoed in my ears.
‘With that being said… … .’
Since then, there has been no contact at all.
No, to be honest, it was Quan, not Armin, who made him burn.
‘How could this be? I sent you so many letters.’
While there was no reply, a letter came from the Kaizen Swordsmanship Academy.
The language was polite, but it said that Kuan had dropped out of school, so stop stalking him.
‘Mr. Quan said you could send me a letter! She’s making her a weird woman!’
Siena frowned in stress, but her eyes soon calmed down.
‘Where did he go, that person?’
I don’t know, but one thing was certain.
The place where he was standing would be right in the middle of the world’s fiercest battlefield.
“ah.”
Realizing that she had been thinking about something else in front of people, Siena corrected her expression and said.
“sorry. But what did you come for? Is it because of Shirone?”
“That too, I have something to tell you.”
“which?”
Ethella’s expression became serious.
“I heard from Head Coach Collie that Fermi didn’t attend the evaluation today.”
“Are you Fermi? That is really surprising.”
It was the first time in Siena’s memory that he acted directly as the head of the ring of gold, leading powerful comrades.
“Is it related to Scramble Royale?”
“It cannot be said that there is no problem, but it is likely to be a bigger problem than that, the problem of Estas. The golden ring members who participated in Scramble Royale were Hercy and Caden. And before the 5th day, the most overheated period, Fermi disappeared. I’m thinking that maybe this is Fermi’s personal problem, not the golden ring.”
“It’s a secret enough to turn the members’ attention to Scrumble Royale.”
“yes. That feeling is strong.”
“Hmm.”
Siena, who was sitting at her desk and lost in thought, turned her head again.
“What on earth is there in Estas to do this? Didn’t it end with the space-time of the maze disappearing?”
When Ethella showed hesitation in answering, Siena pressed on.
“Tell me please. Now that I’ve left the task force, I have no intention of interfering, but shouldn’t I know something to protect Shirone?”
Ethella opened her mouth as if she had made up her mind.
“all right. Just don’t think of getting too involved.”
Siena asked the most curious questions first.
“Rumors from the upper echelons. Is that true?”
Everything that cannot exist in this world exists.
“To begin with, I wouldn’t be wrong at all.”
Siena’s expression darkened.
“really… … Is there such a thing? What is it?”
Ethella recalled what she had heard after returning from heaven.
“According to the story I heard from Mr. Miro… … .”
A long story that had to cross the night began.
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 577 - Almighty Monster (4) 1.txt
===============================
[577] Almighty Monster (4)
* * *
Day 5 of Scramble Royale.
As soon as the 1st scramble was summoned, Eruki cast space movement to the nearest coordinates.
Fortunately, Scramble wasn’t too far away, and teleported into the training ground 2,000 times.
It was lunchtime, so it was normal for it to be empty, but one was waiting for him.
“Eden.”
She didn’t show up all day yesterday.
I thought he was plotting something, but I couldn’t find anything different.
Except for the fierce faith that entangled in both eyes.
“Did you wait on purpose?”
His natural enemy to defensive magic is not just cancellation, but also because Eruki’s magic is extremely offensive.
Even so, if they met from the first round, it was right to think that there was a special purpose.
“There is something I need to check before meeting Shirone.”
‘Is it an experiment subject?’
With Hercy’s ability, finding the location was an easy task.
“so… … You want to take it?”
Eruki pointed at the scramble.
“maybe… … Is that right?”
“Kick Kick!”
Eruki’s eyes flashed with lightning from overdrive.
‘Even if I scratch my pride, I’m oily.’
Cancellation!
Since it was the 5th day, there was nothing to hide, and terrifying data penetrated Eruki’s mind.
‘Try anything.’
I didn’t even have to understand the mechanics of the magic.
Only Servant Syndrome could do it by simply analyzing the entire battery and inverting the vector amount.
“I believe you exist.”
Eden started undressing.
“God’s love dwells within me.”
Even while she was walking naked, Eruki didn’t stop analyzing.
“May that love dwell in the world again.”
‘done!’
As soon as the analysis was completed, the cancellation magic was cast.
“Therefore, beyond belief… … .”
Eden opened his arms.
“To know that you exist.”
Proof of God’s Existence – Absolute Barrier.
Eruki was shocked at the appearance of a naked girl without any visible effect.
“… … Nonsense.”
“What are you doing? If there is anything you can do, do it. That’s why I came to you.”
Cancellation was not taking place.
‘The vector doesn’t move.’
Immobility and fine movement are completely different concepts.
It was only a matter of time before even the slightest movement could cancel the magic, but now, change itself was impossible.
‘It’s not a battery issue.’
absolute omnipotence.
The extreme cognition of feeling God beyond belief strengthened Eden’s omnipotence.
Her spirit zone stuck to her body as if it had been vacuum-packed, but that was enough to protect herself.
“Then, I’ll take it.”
‘It must be stopped.’
Glaring at Eden as he walked towards Scramble, Eruki activated the double spirit zone unique to Servants.
‘I have no choice but to do it.’
The power of the nuclear fusion detonation method will be beyond imagination, but if Eden cannot be stopped here, the game will be completely tilted.
‘Walking time to scramble is approximately 11.73 seconds.’
Eruki, who designed the 10-second detonation equation, left his seat, and Eden, who finally approached the scramble, reached out his hand.
‘Nuclear Fusion!’
Intense light gathered where Eden’s hand stretched out, then expanded in an instant and blew away the landscape.
Whoops!
All the students turned around at the explosion from the mountain side, and Siena rubbed her temples.
“what? Is it an accident?”
It was such a huge explosion that the shape of the mountain could be seen changing even from a distance.
‘It’s a magic I made, but it’s really awesome.’
Eruki, who landed on a tree branch, confirmed that 2,000 had flown without a trace.
The financial loss would be huge, but paying for it was an afterthought.
“anyway… … huh?”
Eruki’s eyes widened when he confirmed where the scramble was.
Eden held the card in his hand, not a single strand of hair intact.
It was a white card.
“Now one.”
She looked back at Eruki who was far away and said.
“Within today, infinity is complete.”
“you… … Do you know how much the 2,000 number is?”
It was Eruki who blew it away, but it was an unfair feeling to the point where he said such a thing.
“I don’t know.”
Eden was neither angry nor logical.
As long as God protects her, even if the universe is destroyed, she won’t harm herself.
“I believe you exist. That your, God’s love dwells in me… … .”
Eruki muttered helplessly as he recited a prayer and looked at Eden’s back.
“Can we lose this?”
* * *
Dorothy hid behind a tree and shuddered.
Even though she had already conceded the scramble, Frings was tenaciously following her.
“Dorothy, where are you? Are you hiding here?”
Dorothy’s shoulder in the distance jerked as Frings pushed through the brush.
“No? So are you here?”
A speech that made me feel like vomiting.
‘You’re looking at me funny!’
I thought so, but my body still couldn’t even move.
‘transformation.’
Dorothy was anticipating what would happen if she was caught by Frings.
will tell you everything
Your own secrets, terrible secrets that you don’t even want to think about, even to your family, will be uncovered.
“Aha, were you there?”
Dorothy’s heart sank.
“I’m kidding. Don’t be nervous.”
The two weak legs trembled.
“Are you afraid to die? Hide and seek is so much fun. Have fun, Dorothy. Because I am thrilled right now.”
‘I know. I know where I am.’
It was a certainty that I felt even when neither of them entered the spirit zone.
“I can smell it. Dorothy’s distinctive smell of frustration.”
Dorothy’s mind went far away at the sound of a voice that was heard from just a meter away.
“Then, where should I meet my princess… … .”
pop! pop! pop!
At that time, Hercy’s convocation signal went off.
Frings, looking back at the sky, said to the tree where Dorothy was hiding, with seagull eyes.
“Heresy is calling. You live, Dorothy. How do you feel? Are you sure you’re going crazy? huh? uh? huh?”
“… … .”
“If you ask me to go back, I will come back. beg you I mean, it sucks.”
‘Huh… … .’
Dorothy desperately closed her trembling jaw.
“… … See you next time, lady.”
As soon as the roar of space travel exploded, Dorothy fell forward.
“Heo-eok! Huh!”
The feeling of relief was short-lived, and unbearable misery flooded her entire body.
“me… … What are you doing here?”
Hickory was watching the dripping tears.
* * *
‘Religion (○○○).’
Eden has already collected three copies.
‘I’m sure one at a time. Well, there’s no way to stop it.’
Eruki was lost in thought.
If so, how to stop it?
Once there is an overwhelming difference in omnipotence, there is no need to think about cancellation.
‘It would be okay to squeeze in only 0.1 percent.’
There is no need to worry about what he does not have, so he sought the second alternative.
‘Is it an external force after all?’
If the detonation equation of the Nuclear Fusion was stretched to about one minute, it might work.
‘Can you wait until then? No, even if it was strategically induced, the aftermath would be no joke if it exploded.’
It was a problem that could cause human damage, on a different level from flying 2,000 times.
“I need to gather my opinions first. call-up signal… … .”
Then, splitting the bush, Dorothy appeared.
“Dorothy? what’s the matter?”
Her role as collecting allies’ scrambles never came to find Eruki.
“sorry. I want to stop.”
“What happened?”
“I will pay the price. I’ll pay you back no matter what. So please let me stop.”
As Dorothy shed tears, Eruki, feeling the seriousness of the situation, stood up.
“Say it first. You need to know what’s going on to make decisions.”
“I’m afraid of the springs.”
Dorothy sat down under a tree and told Frings what she had been through for two days.
“… … It happened. But there are ways to strategize to avoid encountering them in the future.”
“It’s not that kind of problem.”
Dorothy opened up about herself for the first time.
“I am a pathetic kid. While my friends were busy in diplomacy and politics classes, I was imagining strange things under the blanket. is there a god What about the afterlife? Where the hell did we come from? Gather data, make games by yourself… … .”
A sad smile formed on Dorothy’s lips.
“When you’re young, everyone tells you it’s fun. But do you know what I hear the most when I talk about it now?”
Eruki waited for an answer.
“How are you going to live in the future?”
As if possessed by them, Dorothy poured out words.
“Are you going to be a wizard? Is it not difficult to be certified? Did he ever think about how much he could earn in a year? If he’s really going to try, shouldn’t he be around like he is now?”
Dorothy’s eyes lit up with anger.
“What do you know! Something like that!”
Fantasy was the only reality in which she could be happy.
“Those thoughts are important to us. One person can live with such thoughts. But why is everyone looking at you pathetically!”
Eruki realized why he had chosen her.
“of course. Because they are afraid of you.”
“me?”
“So was I. Everyone becomes an adult because they are afraid to remain children. Then you will find out.”
Eruki raised his index finger.
“There is no such thing as an adult.”
“… … .”
“There are no adults in the world. There are only children and children who imitate adults. I’m enduring it by doing that because I’m equally afraid.”
Eruki patted Hickory on the shoulder.
“But you made this. A tin doll filled with all sorts of crazy fantasies, fighting at the same time with seniors. Now, only one final challenge remains. When you become a wizard… … .”
Eruki raised Dorothy to her feet.
“If you become a wizard, you don’t have to be afraid of anything.”
“Wizard… … .”
“okay. Let’s win Scrumble Royale.”
Regardless of the reward or the price, it was a game I definitely wanted to win.
“But Frings is so nasty.”
“It’s enough to avoid dirty things. Everyone has secrets they want to hide. Me too.”
“what is that?”
“huh?”
Eruki looked at Dorothy and shook her head.
“It’s a secret I want to hide because I don’t want to tell you.”
“But I told you. It’s not fair to tell you.”
“that is… … .”
Eruki pursed his lips and said.
“You appeared in my dream last time.”
Dorothy, who blinked, covered her mouth and laughed.
“Ahaha! What is it?”
* * *
As halfway through the fifth day, darkness began to set in.
Nade, who covered her face and infiltrated the advanced class girls’ dormitory, entered the laundry room with her eyes closed.
“Kyaaaagh!”
Expected screams erupted, but there was no intention of stopping the infiltration.
‘Why, over there…’ … !’
The light of the scramble was shining in the basket containing the underwear.
“Move! Move!”
Nade pushed his juniors and rummaged through the basket like a hungry prey.
“Pervert!”
“Who’s a pervert!”
When I left the laundry room after collecting the scramble, the hallway was already littered with female students.
“catch! It’s an underwear thief!”
cried Nade, his face flushed.
“I am Fermida! The Fermiya of the senior class!”
“Shut up, Nade!”
Nade was definitely in his senior year now, but there was no title given to an underwear thief.
“damn! Let’s see you all!”
After making such a meaningless remark, he came out of the dormitory, put a random card in his chest and let out a rough breath.
“Whoa, but I managed to get one.”
Since Fisho was collecting scrambles with insect magic and Eden was destroying scrambles with his absolute defense ability, a single card was valuable.
“You should go quickly and be praised. huh?”
Just as he was about to throw himself towards his friends, Shining magic rose from the sky in succession.
Nade muttered after checking the number and tempo of the flashes.
“A help signal?”
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 578 - Probability of R(1).txt
===============================
[578] Probability of R (1)
Alpheas Magic School Maintenance Factory.
At night, students and even staff are prohibited from entering this place where simple magic teaching aids are maintained.
This is because there is a risk of theft, loss and fire.
And now there’s the loss caused by Sabina’s air cut.
As the barbed wire cracked with sparks, Frings shook his head.
“No, no.”
The springs are strong.
Even the formula of 3rd place in the graduating class is nothing more than a synthesis of the numerous abilities of magic.
In actual battle, the battle mage was a brutal position, the attribute was freezing, and the spirit zone was sensibly avoided. Even Sabina, the same battle mage, had no choice but to feel helpless.
“Huh!”
Grasping Sabina by the throat, Frings impaled her with an iron bar.
“this… … !”
“Release the Spirit Zone.”
It was a cold voice that pierced the heart.
“Otherwise, your neck will fly off.”
Feeling the esophagus freeze through her throat, Sabina released the Spirit Zone.
“Even so, Master Card will never… … .”
“shut up. I ask questions.”
The moment I saw Frings’ eyes, my heart sank.
‘It’s cold.’
It felt like my intestines were frozen every time the cold air from his hands seeped into my nose.
“It won’t last long. 10 minutes at most? If you keep breathing like this, your stomach will become a block of ice.”
Sabina didn’t know why she bothered to inflict pain while ignoring the victory condition of Scramble Royale.
“what do you want?”
She took in a deep breath so that she could hear Frings pressing her face towards Sabina.
“Haaaaaa!”
Looking at his trembling eyelids made me feel alive, but it was an ideal that I did not dare to reveal.
“You smell disgusting, Sabina. I feel like I’m in a gutter.”
At the same time as Sabina cried, the cold intensified and she felt the pain as if her blood vessels were being torn.
“Huh!”
“What are you thinking? Are you waiting for Nade? Seeing the distress signal from earlier, do you think he will come?”
Sabina kept her mouth shut.
“Answer me. Otherwise, I will kill you.”
Frings will definitely do that.
There was no law, no morals, and no dignity as a magic school student to be found in his expression after taking off the mask.
“okay… … .”
“Okay, good boy. From now on, I will ask you a question. If you think it’s a lie, kill it. If time passes, it freezes to death. Now, step one.”
Sabina’s lips trembled.
“At first, go for the easy ones. What did you eat for breakfast this morning?”
“I ate bread.”
“Tell me exactly! what kind of bread did you eat? How did it taste? Did you eat it with milk? Or juice?”
Sabina frowned and shouted as the chill intensified.
“I ate cream bread with milk! I thought I was going to die of deliciousness! why!”
“Oh, is it? Cream bread with milk… … .”
Frings’s eyes turned upside down.
“… … I mean you ate very tasty… … . It must have been sweet, huh? It must have melted in your mouth.”
‘I want to kill you!’
Frings’ pupils returned to their proper places.
“good. Second question. When was your first kiss? Who did you do it with? What do you think, how do you feel? the place? What was your posture?”
Sabina gritted her teeth.
“Do you think I will tell you?”
“Oh, are you trying to hold on? Was it such a secret kiss? Is it a precious memory?”
Colder air seeped into his nose.
“A good choice. How does it feel to weigh precious memories and lives? Are you afraid? Would you like this situation to be false?”
‘help me! Save me, Nade!’
Blocking Frings’ words from her head, Sabina shouted inwardly.
‘It’s not scary. He will come to rescue you.’
The reason why he can endure the abnormal madness of Frings is because of Nade.
‘Nothing. It was much scarier than this back then.’
Sabina’s pupils dilated.
“It works slowly. why don’t you give up Should I just die from something like this?”
Frost has begun to form on the barbed wire in the maintenance shop.
* * *
‘hurry! hurry!’
Nade desperately cast teleportation.
He knew that none of his teammates were the type to seek help for anything.
‘It seems to be Sabina’s domain.’
The moment he accelerated the speed of his teleportation, monsters with horns on his forehead attacked from all sides.
Jincheon Magic – Hongdokkaebi.
When the plasma was laid reflexively and electric shock was applied, blue electricity tangled in the goblin’s body and exploded.
‘It’s a shame! I have to walk Caen… … .’
Currently, Nade’s hand is ○●○● (Democracy), and Anchal’s hand is ○●ⓡ●.
‘I chose black as my last hand. If that’s the case, there’s a high probability that the random hand will be 100.’
If it was the same hand, it was advantageous to bet Kang.
“Anchal, Kang.”
Anchal replied.
“Kang.”
As expected, it was the same democracy, and as such, the surprise attack by Anchal was a curious situation.
‘My hand has already been revealed? Why did you ambush me when you know it’s the same hand?’
It wasn’t even a place for scrambles.
“Are you here to stop the rescue? Yesterday, I heard that you proposed a secret agreement. You have a bat-like personality.”
Anchal bowed his head respectfully.
“thanks.”
‘What, really? This woman… … .’
Anchal continued.
“But I am fighting my own battle. I don’t care about scramble royale.”
“Then get out of the way. I’m busy anyway.”
“Nade, who are you?”
Nade kept his mouth shut.
“Since I was born, I have been trained to analyze people. A cold analysis like a machine.”
“So what? Do you ever wonder how you can finish last in your senior year?”
“Those who are stronger than me and those who are weaker than me are obvious. Of course, most of them are weak. But you… … .”
Anchal raised one last eye before confirming it and looked at Nade.
“I really don’t know. Therefore, I felt the need to check it now, ahead of the great cause.”
Nade opened his mouth, remembering Sabina’s words.
“I am me. I don’t know what you want to know, but nothing has changed from now.”
“Is it really so?”
Anchal waved his hand.
Jincheon Magic – realization of imagery (self-portrait).
“Now, your true self… … !”
The one eye of Anchal, who had stopped talking, widened.
‘What is that?’
“Big!”
Electricity shimmered in Nade’s body and spread like an explosion.
“Aaaaaaa!”
The scenery flashed as if night and day were repeating, and the moment the reality was finally revealed, Anchal’s body soared in a flash of light.
‘I can’t read it.’
It is the ability to embody the other person’s image into an image, but it was impossible to analyze even the eyes, the master of illusion.
“no way… … ?”
Whoops!
As the actual lightning, not an illusion, spread, it devastated the entire radius where Nade was.
Anchal, who landed on a tree branch 200 meters away, looked at Nade, who ran away into the forest with a self-portrait attached.
“How can I get to that point… … .”
What was revealed through image realization was an incomprehensible mystery.
“Is it possible not to go crazy?”
* * *
“Haaaaa… … .”
Cold steam leaked from Sabina’s lips.
Little by little, my mind became hazy, and my senses disappeared as if my whole body froze.
“The end is near. How does it feel, to die?”
‘I have to tell you.’
Better than dying.
‘I can’t tell.’
I’d rather die.
The ambiguous boundary between Sabina and the conflict was the exact point where Frings felt pleasure.
“Now, this is your last chance. choose Will you answer or die?”
“I am… … .”
The moment Sabina opened her mouth, Frings’ expression hardened.
‘Spirit Zone?’
At the same time as he flung his body, a flash of light passed over where he was.
“Huh!”
Taking a deep breath, Sabina knelt and turned her head with a painful expression.
“Nade?”
Contrary to expectations, Shirone was standing there, but without a moment to feel sad, she limped closer.
“sorry. It’s too much for me.”
Shirone, who had dealt with Frings himself, knew best.
“are you okay. Are you hurt anywhere?”
“I am not in good shape. I don’t know exactly, but I’m not going to die.”
Shirone frowned and glared at Frings.
“What are you doing?”
“I don’t know what you mean. What are you doing then?”
“No matter how intense the emotions are, it is a game based on rules and agreements. Bullying others like this is unacceptable.”
Frings followed Shirone’s words in a baby voice.
“Hurting others is unacceptable.”
Then, he approached Shirone, who was blushing, and said.
“What if I can’t accept it? are you going to hit me Then I’ll run away like crazy.”
Frings’ index finger hurriedly pointed at Shirone.
“Did you think why I just said I was running away? Are you afraid of me? You are welcome, you are welcome.”
The index finger swayed left and right.
“That is a real victory. It’s like you’re going crazy from a rage and you’re sick with a vase. Honestly, aren’t you frustrated too? I’m freeing you to your heart’s content.”
Frings shouted, stretching his arms toward the sky.
“Strength is true freedom! It is to escape the moral code, laws, and school rules and gain infinite freedom!”
“so… … Are you infinite now?”
“huh?”
“The you I look at is a coward who can’t help but suffer endlessly because he can’t satisfy his thirst.”
“Oh, you have a classy expression. On the subject of the lowly.”
Frings seemed eager to piss Shirone off somehow.
“No matter what you say, I will stand by my own line.”
“okay?”
Frings’ figure disappeared.
“Then the medicine will rise and you will die.”
Just when Frings, who cast teleportation, was about to jump over the fence, Shirone’s flash collided head-on.
“what!”
After releasing the photonization, Frings couldn’t cross the fence and retreated, and Shirone charged forward, revealing the incarnation of a light angel.
‘Is that it? The ability to manipulate time.’
The reason why he chose a head-on collision at the risk of a fatal injury was because it could be reversed.
‘It’s better.’
If he didn’t intend to hit it anyway, it was up to Frings to cook.
snow ice.
As the ice blade fluttered like flower petals, Shirone fired a photon cannon, bypassing the radius.
“Hehehe, are you angry?”
Sensing the Spirit Zone, Frings shook his upper body as if dancing to avoid the flash.
“Never fit. As for the defense type… … huh?”
Frings narrowed his eyes in disbelief.
‘Don’t you have a Spirit Zone?’
No, it’s not like that.
‘There are spirit zones everywhere. what the heck is this… … ?’
The photon cannon protruding from right next to it, Frings’s upper body was bent almost vertically.
‘Departure type? It’s different from that. Why doesn’t the magic activate?’
As the focus point disappeared through Elysion, photon cannons were born from all sides and attacked like a net.
“oh my god… … .”
Sabina’s mouth fell open as she watched.
The location of the wizard is important because it is the focus of the mind.
That’s why I couldn’t understand the principle of magic being activated when the focus point disappeared.
“now I get it.”
As a battle mage, Frings only drew conclusions closely related to victory and defeat.
‘There is a radius. The borderline just disappeared. then… … .’
Frings’s eyes bent like a seagull’s, and his lips parted enough to deepen the wrinkles.
“I’ll run away further.”
Sibulsang Explosive!
As Shirone opened his eyes and destroyed the mold of time, dozens of photon cannons rushed over the back of Frings, who flung himself.
“this… … !”
Kwa-kwa-kwa-kwak!
Frings, who had been exposed to the hail-like flashes, was covered in dust and disappeared.
“Turn it off!”
Moans were heard first, followed by the wind pushing away the dust.
Frings, who had ice cubes attached to the ends of his limbs, was trembling with his arms covering his face.
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 579 - Probability of R(2) 1.txt
===============================
[579] Probability of R (2)
‘damn! The shock penetrated. It feels like my bones are being crushed.’
The ice walls were as thick as possible, but they all burst out.
“nice… … !”
Frings’ shoulders trembled.
“Ha ha ha ha! Right! I’m angry at this! Is that why you released the power you just hid?”
“I haven’t even opened Immortal Function yet.”
The sound of laughter disappeared, and the cold life in Frings’ eyes was young.
“Do you know why I was able to subdue you? Because the day has passed.”
“day?”
The power of the day is great.
“Your ability has already been experienced. That’s why we were able to make preparations.”
Shirone said with a twinkle in her eyes.
“Today’s me is different from yesterday’s me.”
“Ah, that’s right.”
Frings brushed the ice off his arm.
“In short, this is a saying. Then I have no choice but to respond with a quote.”
And immediately spread his limbs and shouted.
“Tomorrow’s me! Different from me today!”
‘What can I say, a psychopath.’
The moment Shirone jumped out, Frings grotesquely opened his mouth and cast a spell.
ice wave!
A single shot of the photon cannon crashed into the ice, crushing it like a wave.
‘Immortal function. It’s definitely different from the power.’
The moment he soared into the sky, Shirone, who activated the statue of Buddha, tied him up with a shining chain.
ice crystals.
As the ice clung to it and trapped the light, Frings broke the chains with force.
“Slow.”
Frings’s eyes widened at the sound of Shirone’s voice behind him.
“Yaaaa!”
Ice Devil.
Dozens of icicles flew behind his back with a crackling sound, but Shirone was in front of him before he knew it.
“Are you slow?”
‘Seed… … !’
Swear words passed through Frings’s mind.
‘You’re fast… … .’
As the Shining Chain wound, Frings’ body spun dozens of turns in an instant.
“Aaaaaaa!”
The spirit zone of Frings disappeared with the shock that the head was about to explode from the rush of blood.
The standard of the Great Magic Dictionary is the head, which was also learned from Cayden.
As Shirone swung the Shining Chain with all her might, Frings’ body fell vertically.
At the point of the fall, two beams realized in time division were pulsating in an overlapping state.
‘Ice armor… … !’
At the moment of the end, it was Frings’ strong mental strength that covered his whole body with ice armor.
But even that was only shattered in the mass storm as soon as it was caught between the beams.
“Aaaagh!”
Randomly flying among the pulsating spheres, he bounced off and rolled on the floor.
It wasn’t enough to break a whole bone, but all 10 fingers, which are weak joints, were grotesquely bent.
“Turn it off!”
Shirone walked over to Frings, who was crawling on the floor with her elbows.
“Give me your MasterCard.”
“… … .”
Giving the Master Card wasn’t a big deal, but the fact that things went smoothly according to Shirone’s will was what I hated the most.
“It’s in my pants. Take it if you can.”
“It will.”
As Shirone walked by, Frings said something out of the blue.
“I’ve been using magic since I was four years old.”
No answer came back.
“The reason why he passed the overflow and stuck to his path as a genius freezing wizard. Can you tell me why?”
A photon cannon was mounted in Shirone’s hand.
“For this very moment!”
Shouting his jaw dropped, Frings fired a fire magic fire flame towards the maintenance shop.
“crazy… … !”
Shirone hurriedly widened her distance and took Sabina, who had not yet recovered, and flew into the sky.
Whoops!
The maintenance shop exploded with a roar.
“Uh ha ha ha ha! Kill me, Shirone!”
Frings, with all his fingers broken, limped into the flames.
‘I’m out of my mind.’
No matter how shadowy the research group was, destroying the factory without hesitation meant that they were already students and had nothing to do with it.
“What do we do? Isn’t that why we are all expelled?”
Sabina asked as she gazed at the exploding factory.
“It will be fine, maybe.”
It’s not because it’s a problem that can be rectified.
As long as the world’s attention was focused, the teaching staff would somehow manage today’s work as an accident.
“Let’s go back. It’s muster time.”
Day 5 Scramble Royale has ended.
* * *
The Shirone team gathered at the hideout and waited for Nade until an hour passed midnight.
“He’s not coming.”
Eruki said.
“And he won’t come. I’m not the type to not attend the convocation without even saying anything.”
Shirone asked with a worried expression.
“Aren’t you supposed to look for it? Could it be that you were injured?”
Sabina looked at Eruki.
‘also… … I know Eruki.’
How many talented people in the current senior class could injure Nade?
Even if that was the case, he wasn’t so weak that he couldn’t even send a rescue signal.
‘The last place Nade worked was… … .’
Eruki searched for the memory of the coordinates.
‘As expected, it is the closest to Anchal.’
That fact was the reason for predicting that Nade’s absence was due to arbitrary judgment.
‘Realization of the image of Ahnchal. He’s definitely Nade’s nemesis.’
Having concluded that, Eruki said.
“Let’s wait until tomorrow morning. For now, it would be better to leave out Nade and review it among ourselves.”
As soon as Eruki finished speaking, Amy brought out the core.
“Today, Eden completed infinity (○○○○○○).”
There was silence for a moment.
“I also collided with Eden in the third car. but… … .”
Shirone shook his head with a tired expression.
Eruki, who blew the top of the mountain with his Nuclear Fusion, knew better than anyone what he was feeling.
“I need more power. Increase the detonation response or… … .”
Eruki looked back at Shirone.
“How about Ataraxia? Now that you’ve been dealing with them, don’t you have a rough idea?”
If the combined team didn’t choose to do anything, Shirone would have no choice but to retaliate.
“You should try. I will fight tomorrow.”
“How long does the collection take?”
“If you do your best, in the late 10s.”
My friends’ mouths fell open.
‘It’s incredibly fast.’
It was ataraxia that lasted over a minute just a year ago.
“Two days left. We must find a way to break Eden’s infinity within it.”
“There is one advantage.”
said Amy.
“Eden can no longer hang kang. because… … Because I’m all naked.”
– You can’t cast Kang without having a Master Card.
said Dorothy.
“Where did you hide it? If I had been a searcher, I would have been able to find it.”
“It’s a strategy that you calculated and decided on anyway. Instead, Hickory can save a scramble like a fishoe.”
Shirone said.
“If Eden can’t cast Kang, you can bomb as much as you want without worrying about Pao.”
“On the one hand, it must be that you have that much confidence.”
Confidence in invincibility.
Its attack power is zero throughout its lifetime.
It couldn’t protect allies or turn the tide of battle, but it was an absolute ability in a game like this.
“Even if Eden can’t bet Kang, Scramble Royale will end in two days. We’d better set it to infinity in case Shirone doesn’t break the shield.”
There was some truth in Dorothy’s words.
“Let’s save scramble from tomorrow. Collect six to complete infinity at once.”
“The enemies won’t stay still either?”
“It’s up to Dorothy.”
When Eruki turned around, Dorothy smiled.
‘The trauma seems to have been overcome.’
Shirone said.
“If I want to deal with Eden, I have to hold on to infinity. Just in case, Eden might give up defense and use Kang. After collecting scrambles, let’s break my hand first.”
Currently, Shirone has collected six cards, so she had to open and close them to get infinite.
“That is also a problem. There is no hand higher than Shirone’s Disappearance (●○●●○●). In the end, I made one more infinite… … .”
When Eruki stopped talking, everyone turned around.
“what’s the matter? Got a problem?”
“wait for a sec.”
Eruki’s eyes shook as fast as his thoughts.
“Shirone, you mean Shibutsu statue exploding. Please tell me all the results of opening random so far. Because I don’t know the results of replaying time.”
“okay. therefore… … On the first day, a random card to create a third party… … .”
“I just need to tell you the results.”
Shirone traced her memory and memorized them in order.
“Black, white, white, black… … .”
The number of times Shirone opened was several times higher than that of other people because he played until the strongest hand came out with a firefight.
At that point, Eruki counted all the cards that had been broken and broken by combining 5 team members and 6 allied teams for 5 days.
“It is also different. The odds are different.”
“What are you talking about? What is the probability… … .”
Eruki held out his hand and muttered.
“for a moment. uh? strange? This is not right.”
Retracing it all over again, he finally found the error and corrected it.
“I see. It resets every 24 hours. If so, it fits.”
“What are you talking about? You know you have to explain.”
Eruki raised his head and said.
“This is a real card game.”
“… … You should have realized that by now.”
Ficho asked at Hercy’s words.
“How can you be sure? No matter how fast your calculations are, paying attention is another matter.”
“It is not intuition that moves a Servant. If an ordinary person acts with the thought of wanting to do this, a Servant makes all possible actions and makes the best choice. Living the whole moment by moment. Of course, it’s inefficient, but the speed of thinking is so fast that it’s indistinguishable from normal people. If it’s the 5th day, we’ll extract meaningful data from our hands so far.”
“From tomorrow, you will also manipulate the probability?”
Hersy raised her index finger.
“The number of scrambles summoned per day is 72. And the number of black and white is exactly half and half, or 36 each. In a word, you can think of it as laying out seventy-two cards.”
Anchal asked.
“It’s random, but can it be counted?”
“That’s right. It’s like a real card game. There are thirty-six pieces of black and white each, and some have black and some have white. The probability changes depending on the number. To give an easy example, what would happen if you open a random card when 36 black cards have already been revealed?”
“A bag will come out. Because there are no more black cards to come out.”
“answer. Even if you know this, you can lead the game to your advantage. Just like me.”
“… … I played the game with that thought in mind.”
Eruki continued.
“Otherwise, I can’t explain why Hercy kept winning the hand. Sona’s search ability and probability manipulation. That kept me in control of the game.”
Shirone asked.
“But even so, there are times when you have no choice but to open a random card. It could be a complete defeat, and you wouldn’t be able to maintain the initiative that easily?”
“Here comes another rule.”
Eruki flipped his palms.
“Cards that have been destroyed, that is, cards that have been defeated in Kang, are not destroyed, but returned to a random state. In other words, shuffle.”
“… … It’s like that.”
Hersy raised both thumbs.
“Let’s assume that there are twenty cards in total, and let’s assume that Anchal has six blacks and Fisho has six whites. In this state, if someone opens a random card, the probability of black and white is exactly 50%. But what would happen if Fisho bet Kang and ruined Anchal’s hand?”
Anchal said.
“The six black cards I have will be shuffled again.”
“okay. Among cards in a random state, there are relatively more black than white, so the probability of getting black increases.”
“That’s just counting.”
Hersey nodded.
“Also, the hand held the previous day has nothing to do with today’s odds. Therefore, we move the odds by betting kang to win, or intentionally breaking the hand of our allies.”
“There are two assumptions here.”
Eruki said.
“If Hersy knew this rule of his own accord, he would never know what I know now. It’s because it’s the probability calculated through the fire sale. However, if the information is handed over to someone, there is no guarantee.”
“What do you know?”
Eruki and Hercy spoke at the same time.
“The probability of R is of two kinds.”
Eruki pointed at Shirone.
“The reason I was confused when I first calculated it was because the odds that were far from the average value came out in a situation where Shirone played random cards about five times in a row with Shirone Blast. Then I remembered At that time, there was a time when Shirone deliberately did not receive Caen.”
“huh. I could have won in Caen, but I didn’t get it on purpose. I’m going to rip it off and try to regroup.”
“That was the variable. Then, based on this, you know that there is another hidden rule.”
“What about hidden rules?”
“Cards that have been opened or lost in Caen’s Showdown are shuffled, but cards that have been opened or lost due to timeout are not shuffled. That is, it is destroyed.”
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 580 - Probability of R(3).txt
===============================
[580] Probability of R (3)
“ah… … .”
Shirone and the others finally realized.
“okay? Another probability hidden in R. If we use this, we can perform more powerful probability manipulation than Hercy.”
“… … You will think.”
Hersey smiled.
“Scrumble Royale with 30 years of history. Because it is an unwritten rule to never reveal hidden rules after a confrontation is over.”
“But how did you know?”
Hersey rubbed her thumb and forefinger.
“money. Do you think guys who have been graduating for decades, who care about unwritten rules when they go to school, will pay attention? Especially among those who lead the study group in the shadows, there are a lot of open class. There are alcohol, gambling, women, and drug addicts. I gave it a little bit, so it swelled up.”
“so… … Why are you telling us at this point?”
Hersie looked back at Frings, who was kneeling in the corner of the forest.
“I will not forgive you. let me avenge you I’ll heat you up and drive you crazy I’ll dig into the secret.”
In the figure muttering with 10 of his fingers wrapped in bandages, he couldn’t find the previous intelligent energy.
‘It’s completely gone.’
In any case, there would come a time when his madness would also be needed.
“We need someone who can tactically manipulate the odds. Frings is like that, and Eden won’t show up until the end. It’s comforting that Caden will join us tomorrow.”
Fishaw asked.
“What am I supposed to do?”
“Collect as many scrambles as you can and give them to me. If you make infinite on the other side, the victory or defeat will be decided according to the following ranking. I will win in a match of defeat. The showdown is over in 2 days. From now on, focus rather than choice.”
“… … There is a high probability of using the strategy called.”
Eruki hit the palm with his fist.
“In other words, it is to end the game by concentrating the hand on Hercy. The total number of collectable cards is now one hundred and forty-four. You have to fight in it.”
said Dorothy.
“I will not lose to Fishaw. If Sabina holds it in check, she should be able to gather at a similar rate.”
Amy asked.
“Then what is our strategy against Hercy’s strategy?”
Eruki said with a smile.
“Distributes the hand as much as possible.”
No one objected.
* * *
the next morning.
A visitor came to the Aramones Orphanage located on the outskirts of Baska, the capital.
Children who were planting sweet potatoes in a small vegetable garden noticed a young man in a neat suit and stopped what they were doing.
“Hello, little boy?”
“who are you?”
The young man looked around without answering.
“It’s still here.”
A middle-aged woman in her early 40s who was gardening with her children slowly stood up.
“Fermi.”
“How are you, Rachel? Her beauty is still there.”
I appreciate the compliment, but it wasn’t something I would hear from my friend’s son.
“Why did you come here?”
“Does coming home matter? Is it 14 years?”
Fermi, who lost his mother, had to stay in an orphanage for a while due to family circumstances.
“Come in at once.”
Fermi smiled at the children and went into the nursery.
“That uncle is very handsome.”
“huh. But something… … scared.”
When I entered the room, Rachel served tea.
“I thought you would never come again.”
“Is there anything you won’t be able to do? It was already 14 years ago.”
Rachel spoke hastily.
“Fermi, what happened that day… … .”
“That’s Okay. I already forgot. You don’t have to feel guilty. Because I was the one who seduced you.”
Rachel’s face turned red.
“this… … Take it.”
Fermi pulled a check from his inside pocket.
“This is a check issued by the Central Bank of Tormia. Please write with confidence.”
Rachel’s eyes were fixed on the amount.
‘1 billion gold.’
She sighed and shook her head.
“Fermi, this is… … .”
“Take it. If the Yoga Foundation hadn’t gone bankrupt, none of this would have been so difficult.”
The Yolga Foundation was a child welfare foundation founded by Fermi’s mother, Yolgha.
“I can’t take it.”
“why? Maybe it’s dirty money? Do not worry. It’s a fair deal.”
– Director, this is a fair deal.
The red lips of a nine-year-old boy are still vivid in my memory even now, 14 years later.
‘Let’s not think. I can’t think of it.’
“sorry.”
When Rachel looked up, Fermi was looking at her with clear eyes.
“I had no intention of hurting you. I am serious.”
It was just a light kiss for a nine-year-old.
However, the feelings at the time of allowing it became a lifelong trauma and were harassing Rachel.
“you… … Nothing has changed.”
When the deceased, or more precisely, the missing Yoga, was declared dead on paper, the orphanage she supported was also staggered.
At that time, the Ardino family was in such a precarious situation that they couldn’t even set foot in the world, and Fermi also entered the nursery school in search of a place to hide.
Enormous debts, debt collectors who come every day and leave the orphanage, and the lure of a beautiful woman.
Rachel, who could not give up dozens of children, persevered, but eventually ran into a limit.
– Director, I’ll get you some money.
At first, I couldn’t help but laugh at the bold voice of a nine-year-old kid.
I thought I was hungry for love.
A great mother named Yolgah had been lost overnight, and Rachel, a new mother, had to share her attention with dozens of children.
‘Fermi was a special child.’
Even the grown-up Rachel was stunned when she witnessed her unapproachable intelligence, insight, and ability to understand the world.
Maybe that’s why it was more buried.
I think you will depend on it.
-I earned 1 gold.
Rachel’s eyes widened when she saw the gold the nine-year-old had brought.
-You, where did you get this?
– I earned it.
– Be honest! where did you steal it from? No matter how poor you are, if you steal from others… … !
– I really earned it. won’t you get it?
Rachel gritted her teeth as she faced the money to feed all the orphanage students.
– Shall I pay you back, Director?
-what?
– I mean debt. Shall I pay you back?
Rachel, free from flashbacks, looked at Fermi.
Looking at the expression full of confidence and the mysterious composure that seems like nothing is impossible in the world, an old friend comes to mind.
‘How can it be so similar to Yolgah?’
-If I pay off the debt, be my very own Rachel.
– What are you talking about, Fermi? I always tell you… … .
-I don’t need dozens of brothers.
Rachel shut her mouth.
– I just need someone to love me.
It was a transaction that started out of curiosity.
I was not insane.
Six months later, Fermi paid off the orphanage’s debt of 12 million gold.
No one still knows how he made his fortune.
“Fermi, I’m sorry.”
said Rachel, crying.
“I am… … I cannot be your mother.”
Fermi’s expression hardly changed, but the eyebrows seemed to rise only slightly, towards the brow.
“i know.”
said Fermi, who rose from his seat.
“Build a foundation with this money. Please protect the dream that my mother couldn’t achieve.”
Rachel jumped to her feet as she dropped the check and headed for the door.
“Fermi.”
“Do not worry.”
He opened the door and slowly turned his head.
“… … It will never come again.”
After closing the door and walking down the same hallway as 14 years ago, I headed for the shabby exit, where the children were waiting.
“Mister, who are you? He’s the one who came to harass our director!”
“Surely it will. Your eyes are torn apart, and you look just like the debtor who came last time!”
Fermi asked.
“Do you guys like the director?”
“of course! The director is the mother of all of us!”
– Fermi! The director is the mother of all of us!
Hearing the voice from 14 years ago, Fermi slowly reached out his hand.
The child did not move until a shadow fell over his face.
With a chin, Fermi raised his head and sat down to meet at eye level.
“Now, buy something delicious with this.”
It was a small silver coin.
I couldn’t hide the feelings of conflict and said in a voice that the child was dying.
“Oh, I can’t accept this. I’m scolded by the director.”
“It’s okay, it’s a fair deal. So take this and make one promise.”
Fermi put a silver coin in the child’s hand and said.
“When things are hard, you must protect Director Rachel.”
If that was the case, the children shouted in unison as if they were confident.
“Sure! I will scold all the bad guys who bullied you when you grew up quickly!”
“okay.”
Fermi left the nursery school with a smile on her eyes.
He raised his head and saw a clear, cloudless sky in his gaze, and Yoga’s face shimmered.
‘Mother, is this enough?’
Fermi’s face twisted grotesquely, and hatred filled his eyes.
‘This is the beginning of revenge.’
* * *
Starting at noon, the 6th day Scramble Royale began.
Now, the two teams’ actions were agile and prudent, as the outcome would depend on how the remaining 144 combinations were played.
Fisho’s insect magic was the fastest in scramble collection speed, but while Sabina kept him in check, Dorothy struggled to somehow get the ratio to 5:5.
‘Nade didn’t come.’
Shirone’s mind wandered everywhere in search of Eden.
‘I didn’t even leave the battlefield. What the hell happened?’
Based on MasterCard’s current status, it was clear that Nade had won one scramble.
Doing an arbitrary act without telling your friends means that there has been a mental change.
Eruki told him to leave it alone for a while, but it was just frustrating for Shirone, who didn’t know what was going on.
‘found! Scramble!’
Nade’s thoughts were erased from his head once he saw the sparkling scramble in the distance.
At the same time, the bushes were split and Eden appeared.
“You don’t know how to give up.”
She was still naked and the Master Card was nowhere to be seen.
‘Kang can’t bet.’
Eden shook his head as he launched the photon cannon without even having time to feel relieved.
“I should have said that, right? As long as God protects me, no one can harm my body.”
“Is it really so?”
As soon as the photon cannon was fired, Shirone, who cast teleportation, hurriedly snatched Scrumble.
‘Sheesh, she doesn’t even care.’
Seeing him not even blinking even after being hit by a photon cannon made me even more frustrated.
‘But it’s rather comfortable if it comes out like this.’
After casting Elysion, Shirone concentrated Ataraxia against the sky.
As if invincibility was something like this, she didn’t even pay attention to where Shirone was, just looking straight ahead.
‘I can’t shock you, but… … .’
Shirone, who intricately entangled Eden’s whole body with a shining chain, threw her into the sky.
When I canceled the time division and concentrated my mind with all my might, the ataraxia in the sky began to accumulate at an unbelievable speed.
Even in the midst of that, Eden was just waiting for the next moment as if he was sleepy in a state of chains.
“God, I believe in your existence.”
At the same time as her prayer began, Ataraxia began to rotate while emitting a brilliant light.
‘Immortal Function!’
Raising her mental power to the limit, Shirone compressed the photon cannon above the top of her head.
The Eden, Ataraxia, and Photon Cannons were connected in a straight line and aimed precisely, and Shirone’s molars were firmly closed.
‘If it’s the sky, I don’t have to worry about power!’
At the same time as he thought, a thick flash penetrated Ataraxia.
Eden’s eyebrows wriggled for the first time in front of the light that surged with tremendous amplifying power, but even that was buried in the flash and disappeared.
‘It started!’
Everyone who participated in Scramble Royale stopped their movements in the same way and opened their mouths as they looked at the huge pillars reaching into the sky.
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 581 - Probability of R (4) 5.txt
===============================
[581] Probability of R (4)
‘This… … .’
Eden, surrounded by light, felt the materialized sacredness for the first time in its life.
Without extreme defense magic, no one would think of such a thing in front of a powerful mass wave.
There was no pain or shock, but the output of light, which was impossible to see as human-made, was transmitted through a thin shield as trembling.
At the end of that transcendent vibration, the output suddenly soared, and my head turned white.
‘I have to escape.’
I don’t know if the height was set in Scramble Royale’s off-field check, but it seemed like it would fly to space if it stayed like this.
‘Oh God… … .’
Eden fixed himself in exactly as much space as the body.
‘Why are you angry?’
As the frictional force became stronger, the vibration outside the shield became extreme.
It sounded like crying.
It was the cry of something that was neither animal nor human scream.
“Huh!”
As long as God exists, Eden’s defenses cannot be broken.
‘It’s getting stronger.’
However, holding the body in space was a completely different matter.
‘I was careless. this… … !’
In the flash of light that endlessly increased output, I realized Shirone’s calculations.
‘I meant to blow it up from the beginning!’
As the chain of the law holding her was broken, her body departed from the coordinates as if it had disappeared.
“ah… … .”
When I came to my senses, the trembling like crying was gone.
A huge sea of clouds spread beneath the body, and a huge moon floated in the night sky.
“beautiful.”
Everything God made is beautiful.
Even as her body fell to the ground due to gravity and accelerated through a sea of clouds, her eyes did not budge.
‘You do not have to worry.’
God will protect her.
“… … .”
In the quiet mountains where the flash disappeared, Shirone looked up at the sky.
His gaze belatedly followed as the pure white body fell in the most natural position.
As it fell headfirst, the ground shook with a thump and dust rose from the deep pit.
Then, after a while, Eden appeared with not a single hair undisturbed.
‘Really this woman… … .’
It’s a monster.
Even when I heard what Eruki said, there was no sense of reality, but when I experienced it myself, it felt like my hair was standing on end.
“Operation was good. But I thought it was too easy.”
– In Scramble Royale’s off-field judgment, the height limit is outside the range of the gravitational field.
I don’t know what would have happened if I had pushed her head-on from the beginning, but Eden wouldn’t be able to take it easy from now on anyway.
‘Should I be satisfied with getting a scramble?’
Eden would not attack, so there was no reason to stand still.
‘I have to make other preparations.’
As I turned around with that thought, Eden called.
“Wait a minute.”
Shirone looked back with a puzzled expression.
“The amplification magic from a moment ago. How does it compare to when you met Gaold? Is it stronger?”
It was incomparable to the power before going to heaven.
“maybe. Why would you ask such a thing?”
Eden was lost in thought without answering.
“You seem to care about Gaold, why? Because it’s the same Church of Yor?”
The impression of Eden was crumpled.
“Where are you attaching heresy?”
“Heresy?”
“He is a godless man. He is mad with mere human lust.”
This time, Shirone’s brow narrowed.
Maybe it could be interpreted that way, but Gaold’s love for Miro was real.
“Why are you talking that way? If there really is a God, then human emotions are also created by God.”
“of course. However, it is always under God’s care. Gaold has killed countless lives for one woman and even threatened the lives of all mankind. He only wants to satisfy his own desires. A disgrace that should not even have been recorded in the Church of Yore. That’s Gaold.”
“Is that your omnipotence?”
Eden proudly showed himself.
“Everything is under God’s guidance. That is why I am invincible even if I do not depend on anything.”
“You are not invincible.”
Shirone thought so.
I haven’t found a logical way to destroy it, but if Eden truly thinks so, even Absolute Barrier isn’t invincible.
“Are you not going to sympathize with Gaold’s suffering?”
“Sympathy?”
Eden twitched his lips.
“There is no room for sympathy for those who pay for the sin of forsaking God. I am stronger than Gaold. Are you still proving it?”
Shirone recalled the memory of Gaold blocking Ataraxia with the Bakum Press in the secret underground bunker of the Magic Association.
Unlike Eden’s calm expression, the face he showed was the height of pain.
It was the totality of bad emotions that I had no choice but to go through because I was a human being and a creature.
‘Mr Gaold… … .’
Maybe that’s why I’m rooting for you.
It may be that his suffering seems greater than the gods who do not know whether they exist or not.
“It’s not over yet. I don’t know how great defensive magic it is, but there’s nothing absolute unless it’s a god.”
“It is God.”
Eden put his hand on his chest.
“That’s why it’s absolute.”
Realizing that there was no compromise, Shirone kept her mouth shut.
“Come anytime. Because God neither runs away nor escapes.”
Eden turned and disappeared into the forest.
Back at the lair, all she had to do was call God by name until the next scramble was summoned.
‘Eden. And Gaold.’
Between the peace given by the gods and the suffering of humans, Shirone did not know which was more important.
* * *
The second scramble on the 6th day was summoned, and the participants who were given each task were busy.
Dorothy was also speeding up to collect as many scrambles as possible.
‘I have to find two or three.’
Otherwise, it couldn’t keep up with Fishaw’s speed.
Whoops!
Jonah’s keen senses sensed the quiver in the air.
‘High frequency?’
As Hickory lifted her up into the sky, the trees behind him exploded.
‘Her Shida.’
Kaiser Gun, an acoustic attack magic.
The way to explode an object by amplifying its natural frequency takes a long time, but it has an invisible strength.
‘Why all of a sudden?’
Hercy’s hand is ⓡⓡⓡⓡ.
It was highly likely that it had not been opened at the time when the total number of scrambles was decreasing.
‘I’m planning to consume my hand.’
To stop Hercy’s Kang, Dorothy had no choice but to use the scramble she had stockpiled in Hickory.
‘then!’
Dorothy, who was prepared for Pao, entered into a battle posture.
‘Cannon Kick (←→→ + Attack)!’
Hickory’s rear-kick stance broke trees, revealing Hersie in hiding.
‘I don’t hang Caen. Is there something I’m aiming for?’
At the moment when he felt doubt, Hersey took a dual pistol stance while avoiding Hickory’s attack.
‘Double Kaiser gun.’
As the two waves resonated, Hickory’s body trembled.
‘this!’
What I was aiming for from the beginning was the scramble collected by Hickory.
In particular, due to the nature of the wave series, the attack that ignores durability was the natural enemy of iron.
‘I have to subdue it in time!’
Double Super Rocket Punch (→→→ + Attack, Defense)!
The two rocket punches that devastated the forest were deadly, but Hersie’s search ability was also formidable.
“Targeting the enemy’s weakness is the basic of the basics.”
Sona’s magic was forcibly dispelled when Hickory’s aircraft shuddered as if about to explode.
‘Cancellation?’
“Targeting the enemy’s weakness is the basic of the basics.”
When Eruki appeared from the sky, Hercy hurriedly threw herself.
“Keugh!”
Rocket Punch was pursuing.
‘The battery has already been analyzed. No more sonar is possible.’
Hercy, who had lost the ability to navigate, felt isolated in the dark.
‘Air suit!’
Wearing the basics of defensive magic as much as possible was all he could do.
‘Operating mode (attack + movement), with maximum output (→→→→→→).’
Hersy’s expression crumpled like paper when Dorothy’s rocket punch hit her stomach.
bang! bang! bang! bang!
Eruki shouted as he looked at Hercy, who had fallen down a tree and flew away.
“MasterCard!”
Disengaging Hercy will cause the combined team to lose their brains.
‘Then we can win even if there is Eden.’
As Eruki and Dorothy ran into the forest, the scenery suddenly changed to a strange one.
Jincheon witchcraft – obscene devil.
“Huh uh uh uh!”
What I could see was not a human body.
It was an ancient, gigantic desire born when a single cell decided to divide into male and female.
“Huh! Huh!”
When the illusion disappeared, Eruki exhaled heavily.
‘tremendous. It’s not a normal level of welcome.’
He turned his head to see Dorothy staring at him, spitting at him.
“ah… … .”
Eruki, who came to his senses, said.
“For now, it’s a success. Keep collecting scrambles in the future. Victory will come when the target is reached.”
“uh? uh, okay.”
Just as Eruki was about to leave, Dorothy called.
“Eruki.”
“huh? Whoops!”
When we kissed suddenly, Eruki’s eyes shook.
Without any promise, their lips parted at the same time, and Dorothy, her face flushed, quickly threw the words.
“I will definitely succeed.”
Eruki, who was watching Dorothy fly away by spatial movement, looked around as if she had lost her sense of direction for a moment.
“Ah, go to Sabina… … .”
A flash shot in the opposite direction from Dorothy.
* * *
“Damn the cancellation.”
Hersie clutched his aching stomach and distorted his expression.
I tried to block it, but it seemed that my abdominal muscles were torn.
“are you okay?”
Hersie glared at the eyes.
This time, thanks to her magic, she overcame the crisis, but it was seldom satisfied.
‘Certainly strong. Fermi, there will be no one to subdue except Lichen.’
That meant that he was stronger than most of the teachers in the school.
“What the hell are you thinking? Don’t you know you have to pay the price if you lose here?”
“I think I am doing as well as others.”
“It’s not like that.”
“I cast image materialization on Nade yesterday.”
Hersey stopped talking.
Come to think of it, Nade hasn’t moved since yesterday.
“So what? Do you want me to praise you for doing something like that?”
Anchal laughed.
“Someday you will find out. That alone is all I have to do in this game. So don’t be upset.”
“for a moment! What are you talking about… … !”
Before Hercy could finish speaking, Anchal cast a spatial movement.
* * *
A third scramble is summoned.
‘You can’t stop Eden right away. Rather than betting, let’s collect at least one scramble.’
There was no guarantee that they would yield as smoothly as in the morning, so Shirone bypassed the expected coordinates of Eden.
“huh?”
Suddenly, a holy haze spread in all directions, and the tomb, made in the Eastern style, split open.
Jincheon Magic – Middle Heaven.
The sound of the coffin being opened was heard, and Anchal walked out of the tomb.
“Wait, Shirone.”
Shirone, who had already been subjected to visions, was very nervous.
‘Anchal’s defeat… … .’
As if reading his thoughts, Anchal took out his master card and threw it to the ground.
“What are you doing?”
“I have no intention of attacking you. I want to talk.”
I remembered the secret pact I had heard from Amy.
‘It is definitely advantageous if the anchal breaks away. but… … .’
The decision Shirone made was the same as Amy’s.
“Pick up your MasterCard.”
“I haven’t said anything yet.”
“I don’t want to hear it. I don’t know what I thought, but let’s fight fair and square.”
“You will need my help. If you investigate Istas alone, you will die.”
“If you’re talking about upper-level rumors, I’m not interested.”
“Great purifier. If you were the one who led the third initialization, there wouldn’t be a relationship at all, right?”
Shirone’s eyebrows twitched.
‘Who the hell is this woman?’
Anchal, who had been looking around, cautiously approached and put his mouth to Shirone’s ear.
Although the surroundings were blocked by magic, confidentiality management was a basic skill of a spy.
“Estas… … .”
Upon hearing Anchal’s words, Shirone’s eyes widened and her heart began to beat wildly.
Gathering his thoughts, he slowly opened his mouth.
“… … what do you want?”
“Accompany. Let’s enter Estas with me.”
The Anchal that annihilated the Middle Heaven ripped the Master Card in half and disappeared into the forest.
“Come back after the game. Don’t wait.”
Anchal.
Scrumble Royale waived.
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 582 - In the Name of God (1).txt
===============================
[582] In the name of God (1)
The day was getting dark as the 6th day Scramble Royale passed half way.
Amy, who was returning to the hideout after checking Eruki’s call signal, stopped walking when she saw Cayden sitting on a rock.
His body, which had been resting for two days after being injured by Shirone, was in a state of recovery, but the atmosphere was different from before the start of Scramble Royale.
“Kayden.”
“good.”
Caden said without even looking at Amy.
‘Kayden doesn’t have a hand.’
Today, I participated from the beginning, but there is no collection of scramble royale.
As expected by Eruki, this could also be a strategy to drive Hercy away, but there was no such thing as such.
“Are you going to let me go?”
“okay. It doesn’t matter if you walk Kang. It might be annoying.”
I didn’t like the taste of being ignored.
‘What are you thinking?’
Cayden looked at the stars floating in the night sky.
“I keep my promise. I’m just waiting for Scramble Royale to end.”
He realized that it was impossible to kill Shirone in a team fight where the combination of hands was more important than force.
“I admit that I saw it lightly. it’s my defeat But will it be the same next time?”
If Shirone could confirm the opponent’s ability and find a solution in the shortest time, there was no way it could be said to be Cayden.
“Shirone is great. It is the ability to control time. But now i know The real match is when Scramble Royale is over.”
“If you do that, your life is over.”
“It’s already over.”
Cayden looked at the cross sword stuck in the ground.
“Perhaps my cursed fate began when I threw away my sword. Is there anything different about magic? It’s enough to find something new again.”
Sighing, Amy walked to the side facing Caden and leaned her back against a tree.
“Come to think of it, this is the first time I’ve talked to you alone in my senior year.”
The red face of the Karmis family and the cross star of the Cross family are a symbolic lineage that raises the status of the Tormia kingdom beyond political competence.
Even in fierce rivalries in Korea, there have been frequent cases of holding hands when confronting other countries.
“I saw it at banquets when I was young.”
Cayden recalled that time.
In the eyes of the youngest entrant to the Kaizen Swords Academy, Amy was nothing more than a pathetic girl wandering the back alleys without doing anything.
“Huh, but to hear the two of us meet at the magic school. Is this also a strange fate?”
“Confess to Maya.”
said Amy, lifting her back from the tree.
“You are fine. If you approach him wholeheartedly, he might change his mind. Do you really have to vent your anger like this?”
“If I win Maya’s love, is it because it’s good for you?”
Amy frowned.
“Why are you so twisted? Can’t we just listen kindly when people say it with good intentions?”
“Just because it sounds bad doesn’t mean it isn’t good. Especially if it comes from the mouth of the Karmis family.”
“What are you talking about?”
Cayden grabbed the handle of the cross sword and stood up.
“The cross star of the Cross family allows you to exert your destiny-ordained talents to the limit.”
“I know it’s great.”
“Are you great?”
Caden’s lips twitched.
“To put it another way, you can do nothing except the talents that fate has ordained for you.”
“… … .”
“okay. The crimson face of the Karmis family. The ability to back up your self-image and immediately correct errors takes effort. But the cross star requires no effort. Because you were meant to do it from birth. But I mean… … .”
Caden smiled self-deprecatingly.
“Being able to do something well doesn’t make you happy. Happiness is doing what you want, no matter how insignificant it is.”
“That is an arrogant idea.”
Amy thought back to her childhood days when she couldn’t figure out what to do.
“okay. Some would say it sounds like a full stomach.”
Cayden raised his crosssword vertically.
“At first, I thought it was a blessing. Being born differently from other crosses. I could be the best in anything I wanted.”
That’s the Red Cross.
“But it comes at a cost. sacrifice. Do you understand, Karmis?”
Caden’s face crumpled.
“If I really want to, I can’t be the best.”
He wanted to become an artist.
“The woman I truly love is!”
The black man disappeared from Caden’s eyes.
“You will never love me!”
‘Live… … !’
Amy widened her stride.
“I am the illegitimate child of fate! You are born with a cursed fate that will never make you happy! So kill! I will kill her Shirone, the one who took her away from her beloved!”
Cayden bent over like a demon and spread his life.
“You know that feeling of just doing well? Do you know the misery of not being able to actually do anything?”
cried Amy.
“What do you know! You live your life on your own!”
Caden’s brow narrowed.
“If you’re complaining because you’re frustrated, I’d listen to it all night long, but people who ruin other people’s lives don’t deserve to whine!”
“… … Move. This is your last chance.”
“Can’t get out. I don’t even have to go to Shirone. I will punish with my own hands those unseemly meddling in my dating history. That’s how I live.”
“You will regret attacking Cross, Karmis.”
The cross sword was entwined with blue lightning.
“Never regret it. If there is something I want to do, it is karmis that I have to do it.”
The flames of a thousand cities blazed around Amy.
The eyes of the magic swordsman and gunner, who can operate magic and schema at the same time, collide… … .
‘Lightning Impact!’
No matter who came first, they rushed at each other.
‘Flame Strike!’
The two bloodlines that are said to be the best in the kingdom have been promoted as orthodox.
* * *
The fifth scramble royale has been summoned.
The retirement of the eye mask was a good thing for the Shirone team, but it was uneasy that Amy did not attend the midterm call.
Moreover, Nade’s whereabouts are still unknown.
Amid a series of unknown events, no one was able to guess which way the weight of the game was tilting.
‘You can do what you can. Let’s keep Fisho in check!’
Tasked with disrupting the combined team’s scramble collection, Sabina quickly penetrated deep behind enemy lines.
‘what?’
A chill with a gloomy aura was felt everywhere.
‘It’s Frings!’
Since meeting him was supposed to be avoided, Sabina cast teleportation.
“Huh!”
However, the escape route was already completely blocked.
‘An incredibly huge chill. Where the hell did they push in from?’
“Got it, Sabina.”
Breaking the frozen leaves with his face, Prings appeared.
Can a human face show such vicious emotions?
The moment Sabina saw him delirious, she cast Shining Magic without thinking about anything else.
‘Rescue signal!’
Three flash grenades shot into the sky hit the dome already blocked by the ice wall and were diffusely reflected.
The air was completely frozen within 3 seconds of discovering the springs.
“No need to worry. I won’t piss you off anymore.”
Frings has changed the way desires are resolved.
“I mean, it doesn’t matter how you feel. Either unpleasant or pleasant.”
To him, humans were now mere puppets that screamed at the push of a button.
“I will twist you.”
The moment she finished speaking, Sabina spun explosively.
‘Air flower.’
Forty rounds of air cuts per second spread in all directions and scraped the inner wall of the dome, but the springs cut into the tight gap and closed the distance.
‘Caught!’
Sabina’s eyes twinkled, and the direction of the spin reversed in an instant as the air rushed toward her.
“inhale?”
Air Crash!
The atmosphere grinds the dome from the inside as it spins like a giant propeller.
“You mean there’s only one number?”
ice wave!
Ice surged like blades from under Frings’ feet and attacked Sabina.
Kaka Kaka Kaka!
Even as the atmospheric propellers shattered the ice, Frings continued his magic.
“Huhhhh!”
As we moved from a battle of skill to a battle of magic, Sabina’s rotational speed gradually began to decrease.
‘It’s freezing.’
The mana of Frings, who revealed his true colors, soared without knowing the limit.
5 minutes after that.
Sabina struggled, her legs buried in the rising ice twisted like a twist.
“profit!”
“It held up pretty well, but… … .”
As Frings stepped into the air, a column of ice rose and formed a staircase.
“My thirst only got worse.”
“Huh!”
Frings rose to Sabina’s height and cupped her face.
“Are you afraid? What do you think I will do to you?”
Suddenly realizing, he removed his hand from Sabina’s face.
“that’s right. What if I just let them go? Wouldn’t that be fun too?”
As Sabina glared at him, Frings’ mouth split grotesquely.
“Of course, that won’t happen.”
“You pervert!”
“I don’t think I’ve ever seen a true pervert… … .”
As the ice froze on Frings’s fingertips, they bent like the claws of a beast.
“stop.”
Sabina turned her head when Frings, who was trying to grab the thin nape of her neck, stopped moving.
“… … Nade?”
Nade, who had not been seen since yesterday, was standing in the shade of the forest with his head bowed.
“Is this the appearance of the hero at last? But what to do? Even if the likes of you came, Sabina was already finished.”
Deed Deed Deed!
Feeling the vibration through the ice pillar, Frings looked down at the floor and saw blue electricity running through the ground.
‘Ice doesn’t conduct electricity.’
Anyway, water embodied by magic is also an insulator unless it is given an ionic battery, which is a specialized type of hydraulic power.
For a while, the metal pieces buried underground completely shattered the ice pillars as they rotated.
‘Now!’
Taking advantage of the opportunity, Sabina casts teleportation and escapes from Frings’ clutches.
“Nade! how did… … !”
“Do not come!”
Nade shouted without raising his face.
“Just go. And never come here again.”
Knowing Nade’s secret, Sabina couldn’t bear to turn away.
“But Nade… … .”
“You promised. please.”
Nade is Nade no matter how it changes.
Because he was in front of Sabina, he was able to come to her rescue even when his true face was revealed.
“okay. You have to be careful.”
Sabina turned to Nade and quickly left the battlefield.
“Hmm.”
Frings, who blinked at him, twisted his mustache.
“This is interesting.”
“… … okay?”
“Do you know why I sent her? She’s been curious since before. So in short, she’s willing to sacrifice herself for the woman. So what if you reversed it?”
Nade still didn’t move.
“I will torment you until you die. And I’ll make you beg Rather torment Sabina. huh? Will it be fun? is it?”
“… … Caen. Aren’t you going to?”
“Kang?”
“Because of that… … I’m collecting cards… … It’s late.”
Frings checked his master card and confirmed that it was the same hand as Nade’s.
“Yeah, don’t. So, you wasted your time. Ha ha ha ha ha! This is so funny!”
“I’m glad.”
Frings’ laughter stopped.
“I don’t want to trouble my friends.”
Finally, Nade made his way through the darkness of the forest to Frings.
“Heh heh, sorry. Soon, you will cause a lot of trouble to your friends… … .”
The moment he saw Nade’s face, Frings’ expression hardened.
“you… … .”
“Then, let’s begin.”
Qurrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr!
A tremendous roar shook the mountain.
“Nade!”
Sabina, who was descending the mountain, hurriedly turned around and looked at the summit.
“Three, my God… … .”
Huge bundles of electricity surged up like hair, devastating the area.
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 583 - In the Name of God (2) 3.txt
===============================
[583] In the name of God (2)
* * *
The eyes of all scramble participants were fixed on a point in the sky.
Electricity generated on the ground discharged the atmosphere, and lightning fell again from the sky.
“What is that?”
Hersy was too busy admiring the spectacle to even put off the analysis.
The only time he saw that level of lightning as magic in real combat was when the Electric Monster Licorn faced a professional wizard.
‘This is where Nade is.’
Lightning strikes so violent that you wouldn’t even dare to search with sonar.
And finally, a huge light flashed like a crack in the world, and a roar exploded from the top.
It was quiet after that.
* * *
‘Nade! wait!’
Sabina quickly went back the way she had come.
Even she didn’t expect Nade to have this much magical power.
‘The biggest problem is… … .’
Once the magic is embodied, its effects are tangible to the wizard as well.
If it was a thunderbolt enough to devastate the top of the mountain, there was no way that Nade would be safe.
“Yes… … !”
Returning to the battlefield, Sabina couldn’t bear to call her name and was nailed to the spot.
Everything collapsed to ashes, leaving only Nade standing on the ground.
‘It was like that then… … .’
The horror she felt when she was lynched by Nade struck Sabina’s heart again.
It’s not just because you’re weak-minded.
What was happening to Nade right now was definitely a ‘phenomenon’, and it was an aura of real danger.
Where Nade had walked, Frings, his moustache burned, was lying limbs apart.
The moment Nade, with a thunderbolt in his right hand, reached out to stop breathing, he opened his mouth.
“… … save me.”
The reason why the sincerity of a lifetime is contained in these short words is because Nade is really going to kill himself.
If murderous intent has a level, Nade’s place is pure brutality without a speck of dust.
It is different from killing animals to eat or humans killing to have.
‘There is no purpose.’
That is why it is safe to call it nature.
Just as typhoons, earthquakes, and lightning have no meaning in killing living things, they were predators located at the top of the pyramid of killing islands.
“Why should I let you live?”
Frings looked at Nade and looked up to the sky as if running away as soon as he saw his face.
I couldn’t bear to watch it even for a second.
On the contrary, Nade was observing everything in Frings as if he had the corpse of his prey in front of him.
The trembling of the body in fear, the desperate breathing of the creature.
Then, when he found a bandaged finger, he raised his foot and stepped on his hand.
“Aaaaaaa!”
“Don’t make a sound.”
The sound disappeared as if cut with a knife.
“Huh! Hmm! Whoops!”
Frings’s nostrils clung in terror as Nade moved closer to his face.
“Don’t breathe.”
breathing is gone
“okay. die like that.”
‘I can’t breathe!’
The reason why I couldn’t think of dying anyway even if I didn’t breathe was because Nade was scarier than death.
‘Am I dying… … .’
“say it. Why can’t I kill you?”
Just as he was losing consciousness, Frings’ eyes flashed open.
‘There is still hope!’
What I felt in the second question was a bit of humanity.
‘It’s not completely over the line. No, are you desperately suppressing it?’
I don’t know how that is possible, but it was clear that it was the last chance to live.
“If you kill me… … is expulsion. will go to jail The powerful people of the kingdom will kill you.”
“doesn’t care.”
The humanity disappeared from Nade’s voice again.
“Black! Whoops!”
A cry escaped from between Frings’ teeth.
“Think. Let her head roll. because i don’t know So you convince me.”
Nade declared.
“Give me three seconds.”
“Huh! Whoops!”
Frings closed his eyes tightly and sobbed.
‘Think! I have to think of it!’
The brain of a creature about to die was searching for an answer at an unprecedented speed.
All energy began to be released as the brain, the nerves connected to the brain, and the cells of the whole body coordinated.
‘There must be a reason why I can’t kill.’
A unique brain neural pattern that had never appeared before flashed, and all the knowledge I knew came up in its entirety.
When he couldn’t find an answer there, he finally began to trace his past experiences.
The day I decided to become a pervert, overflow, my baby sucking my mother’s milk… … .
The fetus in the womb, the embryo, the two feeble experiences of being separated into sperm and egg, and reaching the end… … .
“die.”
‘found!’
Frings’ eyes flashed open.
“If you kill me!”
Afterimages of electricity shimmering in front of the retina.
“I can never come back.”
“… … .”
Frings continued, writing out all the air in his lungs.
“You are desperately holding back. If you cross the line here, you… … can’t come back therefore… … .”
A squeezed sound crawled out of his throat.
“Save me… … .”
He grabbed Nade’s hand and the electricity went off.
“Take out your MasterCard.”
Unaware of how his broken finger twisted, Frings rummaged through his pockets.
“Tear it up.”
When the card squeaks and separates, Nade gets up and leaves.
Every time he heard footsteps, Frings’ body convulsed.
‘Nade… … .’
Sabina reached out to Nade as he walked away.
I’m glad he didn’t cross the line.
‘but… … .’
What I realized today is that I can’t get close to you.
No one in the world will be able to handle him.
As long as he doesn’t give up.
“ha.”
Sitting on a charred rock, Nade covered his cursed face with both hands and exhaled.
The original face was revealed through the realization of the facial image.
Thanks to the cool pouring, I regained my reason to some extent, but what was flooding me was bitter regret and self-loathing.
‘face. This face!’
Even without a mirror, the image of his mother stuck in his mind spoke of him as he is now.
“Damn it!”
The two hands that were covering his face stood up like awl.
Every time he scratched his skin with his fingernails, red lines of blood were drawn across his face.
“Aaaaaaa!”
Just hearing Nade’s shouts made Frings gasp.
“Huh! Hmm! Whoops!”
Tears welled up in his bloodshot eyes as he sucked in the air.
Nade, Frings.
retirement.
* * *
After the scramble royale on the 6th day, the Shirone team gathered one after another in the hideout.
“Eruki, what happened? Why is Nade… … ?”
Upon arriving, Shirone asked.
According to Lulu’s signal, Nade left the area and was judged outside the field.
Eruki waited for the other team members without a word.
Sabina, who appeared helpless, shook her head at the silent gaze sent by Eruki.
‘Hmm, did that happen after all?’
I won’t be able to see Nade for a while.
‘Because it’s been like that before.’
The bloody battle in the middle of the night when it was raining passed through my mind.
‘Still, no deaths have been reported. You kept it until the end. Good work, Nade.’
“Eruki, tell me. What happened to Nade?”
Eruki pondered for a moment.
However, if anyone else knew about it, he would have preferred not to be known to Shirone.
“Shirone, Nade likes you more than me.”
“What are you talking about all of a sudden?”
“So trust me. Everyone has secrets they want to hide. You did too.”
“But I… … .”
“Yeah, I told you. So listen for yourself. Nade will definitely come back to us. Let’s focus on the confrontation for now.”
Shirone kept her mouth shut.
After a while Dorothy arrives and finally Amy truds through the bushes.
“Amy? What are you like?”
Just like Shirone at the end of Scramble Royale on Day 1, he was covered in dirt.
“I’m not kidding, Kayden.”
Sat down in her seat, she stuck out her tongue and said.
“They chase me like they have rabies… … . Shirone, how did you endure this?”
“Could it be that the target has changed to you? cowardly… … .”
Amy shook her head resolutely.
“no. This is a problem between the two of us. I have personal feelings that I need to release. Anyway, I’ll be in charge of Caden tomorrow as well. Is that okay?”
In a situation where Shirone had to stop Eden anyway, there was no one better than Amy.
“okay. Since we have the upper hand in the number of people, it would be better to put at least one person in shackles.”
“That’s right, come to think of it, the eyelashes are also retired. I couldn’t attend the midterm call because I was fighting with Caden, what happened?”
“You negotiated with me.”
“with you?”
Given Shirone’s personality, there was no way he would agree to such an agreement.
“There must be some other reason, right?”
“huh. It’s about Istas, but it’s complicated to explain. Once you win Scramble Royale, you will definitely hear it.”
Eruki arranged it.
“Currently, the number of scrambles we have collected is 28. There are 30 opponents.”
“sorry. I wanted to at least match the number.”
Eruki shook his head at Dorothy’s words.
“This is good enough against insect magic. Only one day left until tomorrow It will be a real sword fight between me and Hercy.”
Sabina asked.
“Operation?”
“Me and Dorothy will team up and move. Hercy will be paired with Fishaw. We will use the scrambles we collected today to stick together, and at the same time, we will collect the scrambles that will be summoned tomorrow to match the strongest hand.”
“In a word, it becomes a real card game.”
“It’s that kind of game. But there are many external variables. First of all, Amy must take charge of Cayden, and Shirone must destroy Eden’s infinity.”
“Then shall I destroy my hand now?”
To deal with Eden, it was good to make Shirone infinite as well.
“I have something to check before that.”
Eruki asked.
“Did you cast Ataraxia during the day? how was it?”
Everyone paid attention to Shirone.
“To be honest, it’s a really strong defense. Even if I increased the output more, I probably wouldn’t have destroyed it.”
The power of the Photon Cannon that passed through Ataraxia was shocking because my friends had also experienced it many times.
“That’s about it… … .”
Eruki came up with a new idea.
“If you want to give Shirone infinite, you need to use 12 scrambles right now.”
○○○○○○ (Infinite), which would destroy Shirone’s ●○●●○● (Extinction), and Infinity, which Shirone should have, were needed separately.
“Then there are two infinity? Aren’t you okay?”
“Then the enemies will also make 2 infinity. war from then on. But this is pointless. As long as you have scramble, you can make infinite at any time, then the combined team with fishoes has an advantage.”
“Then what do you plan to do?”
“From now on, it’s up to Shirone. Eden’s defense, can you really destroy it?”
As Shirone hesitated, Amy asked.
“What does that mean?”
“If Shirone can break the shield, I won’t break Shirone’s hand.”
“Then Eden might call Kang, right? Bring your MasterCard.”
“That’s why it’s a one-time opportunity. It’s the 6th round of scramble, i.e. the last one. If Eden doesn’t have the Master Card, he can’t cast Kang anyway, and the match ends when he destroys the shield.”
said Dorothy.
“Instead of that, you can save 12 scrambles. Also, if Eden has the Master Card, then we can make 2 infinity.”
“That’s right. Tomorrow is definitely a showdown of combinations. It would be a waste to spend 12 scrambles on Shirone right now. that’s why i’m asking Shirone, if you can break Eden’s shield, I’ll use 12 scrambles in a card game with Hercy. can you do it?”
“Mmm.”
Shirone raised her head after thinking carefully.
“you can do it.”
It was something I had to do.
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 584 - In the Name of God (3).txt
===============================
[584] In the name of God (3)
* * *
Returning to the dormitory, Shirone sat down on the bed.
Tomorrow, at the point where winners and losers are to be separated, the burden of compensation and cost rises to the surface again.
‘Yes, I have no choice but to do it.’
Eden’s Absolute Barrier must be destroyed.
‘But how?’
I spoke confidently in front of my friends, but the answer was still unclear.
‘I have to find it. If it was Fleur-senpai, he would have found a way somehow.’
A wizard trained to respond to all variables.
Miro said that was the only pro, and the highest title a wizard could obtain.
‘First, the laser.’
If you continue to accumulate energy, Eden’s defenses will eventually break.
‘But what I think, Eden is thinking too.’
The problem starts here.
If you’re not dealing with a scarecrow, your enemies are desperately searching for an answer.
‘I’m going to dodge before the energy accumulates. In fact, you don’t even need to suppress it, do you? What if I let them go outside?’
There is also a way to push Eden to the end of the territory with a high-powered mass wave, but the countermeasure is not much different from a laser.
‘Eden is too light. That’s the point.’
A mountain can be destroyed, but the problem was that Eden flew away like a feather in a strong wind.
‘Come to think of it, it was like that in heaven too.’
It was only after reversing the cause and effect of 127 years with the Valhalla Action that it was able to obtain enough power to annihilate the archangel Faiel.
Remembering that time, Shirone’s eyes widened.
‘I fought very inefficiently.’
It’s fortunate that the result came out, but in the eyes of the team members, it might have been thought that I was an amateur.
In any case, the fact that his face was burning with judgment in the past was proof that he had grown a little more now.
“The solution is this. To somehow create a state in which Eden is not pushed by mass waves. Then ataraxia will be enough to destroy it.”
How about immobilizing her with a shining chain and pouring photon cannons at her?
‘The Shining Chain will break first.’
Feeling frustrated as her thoughts got blocked, Shirone bent her upper body and stamped the back of her head against the wall with a thump.
Even with all their might, they couldn’t come up with a way to destroy Eden’s defenses.
‘Should I give up? If it’s now, I’ll try again with Eruki… … .’
Shirone’s head turned wildly.
‘no. There are probably thousands or tens of thousands of ways. I can’t find any of them.’
coordinate.
Even while exposed to Ataraxia’s powerful output, we must find a way to keep Eden anchored to its coordinates.
‘There’s no way to fix it! no, there is! No, no!’
Feeling like her heart was being squeezed like a rag, Shirone writhed in agony as she wrung the blanket.
‘How did things get fixed? No, there are no things that are fixed, right? That’s been a problem from the start. Coordinates are… … .’
Shirone’s eyes widened.
“ah. iced coffee.”
A small voice leaked out of his mouth as he stared at the ceiling and imagined something.
“Time and space.”
All answers are hidden in the problem.
“There are no problems.”
Even in the dark of the night, Eden did not enter the dormitory and prayed in a deep cave.
“As long as you protect me.”
Ahead of the final day of Scramble Royale, her omnipotence was strengthening to an all-time high.
Even in order to regain the honor of the Church of Yor, which Gaold had stained, he couldn’t lose to Shirone.
‘I’m sure he’ll come out with a different response from today. He’s a smart kid no matter what.’
However, Eden also had no intention of holding out only in the name of God.
The reason she is recognized by the Church of Yore is because her desperate faith is based on rationality.
It meant that when someone offered me bread, I wouldn’t reject it, saying God would feed me.
‘Ataraxia cannot destroy the Absolute Barrier. Even if I find a better way, it’s enough to avoid it.’
If it was the answer that God had given her from the beginning, even if she evaded the attack, it was by no means a denial of God.
‘Tomorrow, I become a true daughter of God. And I will go back and erase Gaold’s name from the list.’
The prayers of Eden echoed in the cave.
‘It is impossible to tie things to coordinates.’
Shirone was sitting cross-legged at some point.
As the Sequence Sequence sprinted at breakneck speed and finally entered the realm of respect, a golden glow began to radiate from his body.
‘But you can. I can do it with this!’
As the incarnation of the light angel, spread out in particles, swirled around like a whirlpool, everything in the room began to twist as if squeezed.
* * *
the next morning.
Before Fermi returned to school, he sought out Radum, Baska’s shadow.
This is where Canis and Arin grew up, but the darkness of Radum they experienced was just the tip of the iceberg.
A time bomb in the capital where not only the terrorist group called the Black Revolutionary Group, which blew up the Gold Tower a while ago, but also countless sub-species are hiding in high-level concealed facilities and are planning to overthrow the human world.
As such, the eyes of those who were watching Fermi were also very ferocious.
“You are a foreigner.”
As I approached the deserted area, I heard a voice.
However, where Fermi turned his head, there was only the shadow of the building.
“I am lost. Where is this?”
“You can’t enter Radum just because you’re lost.”
At the entrance of Radum, royal troops are stationed 24 hours a day, and entry is strictly prohibited.
“Knowing the back door means knowing where this place is, right?”
Fermi threw a gold coin into the shadow.
The gold coins that went into the darkness disappeared in an instant.
“Let’s just go. I think I will be late for my appointment.”
“… … How much do you have?”
Fermi said with a smile.
“well? 10 billion gold?”
As if slightly embarrassed, the shadow didn’t say anything.
“If it’s about 100 million gold, I can give it away.”
Shadows flowed down like oil spilled from the buildings on all sides and surrounded Fermi.
‘Are they black young people?’
They are invisible in the dark.
“I have a feeling that maybe I am really lost. Or a lesser human being in the world.”
I couldn’t tell where the voice was coming from.
“This is Radum. Money can’t protect you here.”
The shadows all stood up and poured down on Fermi.
“is it so?”
Particles of light smaller than a speck of dust rose on Fermi’s palm.
“How about a 100 million gold magic?”
time slows down
“radish… … Son… … .”
During the time that the shadow’s voice uttered just two syllables, the light waves expanded all over Radum at a tremendous speed.
“Kyaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!”
As the darkness lifted, a woman’s scream was heard.
“Since my name is Radum, I have been preparing various things.”
Fermi looked down at the woman with twin swords in her hands.
A gray-skinned woman with pricked ears and thick double eyelids sat down, biting her lip.
“This is the first time I have seen a black young person in person. It looks like this. I heard that skin is sold at a very high price.”
“you… … how… … .”
The skin of a black young person creates a transparent effect in the dark.
“Shall we take it off?”
As madness raged in Fermi’s eyes, the black spirit flinched and twisted his upper body into darkness.
“If you run away, you will die.”
“Kuk!”
The movement of the black spirit stopped.
Although they have been using the law of darkness since birth, the light magic cast by Fermi was so powerful that even resistance was impossible.
‘What kind of magic is this?’
As expected, Fermi was floating the small light particles he had just cast in his hand.
“Funny, right? It’s called the Big Bang. It is a magic developed by a wizard named Alfeas to subdue the Archmage Arcane.”
“Arcane… … .”
The name of Arcane, an authority on dark magic, was famous even among the dark spirits.
The person concerned waved his hand, saying that it was not such a great magic, but anyway, as long as he belonged to the red line, he had been registered as a prescribed magic for younger students.
‘Of course I didn’t learn it myself.’
It was enough to buy the magic someone learned with money.
“what do you want?”
“As rumored, the concealment facility is thorough. I’m honestly lost. So… … .”
Fermi grabbed her by the wrist, lifted her up, and pressed her face.
“ah… … .”
“The black young man is good at spying. Can he ask for directions? I will make a case.”
The black young man looked at Fermi’s smiling face as if he were bewitched.
‘What the hell is this human… … ?’
I’ve met many people, but it was the first time eating out.
* * *
“I will take on Amy. I will make a decision within today.”
As noon approached, Cayden took up his crosssword and declared to Hercy.
It wasn’t a bad idea if Amy could be retired, but it was doubtful that she would be drawn into it.
“Even if you refuse, I hit Amy.”
Realizing that she couldn’t stop Cayden anyway, Hersey changed her route to help the strategy as much as possible.
“Wait a minute.”
Cayden turned around and Hersy held out her hand.
“If you want to hit Amy, there are conditions.”
* * *
Eruki and Dorothy teamed up and busied themselves to collect 12 scrambles.
Even if a retirement occurred, the number of scrambles summoned was the same as that of the first participant, so the remaining number was 72.
“Fisho’s collection speed is slower than the previous day.”
It meant that he was moving with Hercy.
Dorothy, who had expanded the Spirit Zone with Jonah’s ability, twitched her eyebrows.
“He’s coming this way. Clash in three minutes.”
‘MasterCard.’
It caught my eye in real time that a random card was added to the current status of Hercy, which was ⓡⓡ.
‘Three random cards (ⓡⓡⓡ)?’
Counting is not possible at the time when the first scramble of the 7th day is summoned.
So, when you open three random cards, the probability of getting black and white is still 50%.
‘I can’t read the cards. I have to step up.’
Eruki received a scramble from Hickory and made it into a random card before opening.
His current hand was ●●●○ (Dictator), and Hercy also added one more hand to level 4.
‘A random (ⓡⓡⓡⓡ) again?’
Arriving at the place where the scramble was held, Eruki and Hercy found each other and immediately walked Kang at the same time.
‘What is it?’
○●○● (Democracy) appeared in the current status of Hercy.
‘Democracy by opening four random cards? shit! It’s a complete gamble!’
After giving up scramble, Eruki took Dorothy and went back to the forest.
‘Unless it’s Eden, making infinite by designating a hand is suicidal. The best thing is to mix random.’
After receiving 4 scrambles from Hickory, Eruki opened 4 random cards, and the monarchy (○○○●) emerged.
‘As expected, I can’t make a Pope (○○○○) without counting.’
Eruki held out his hand.
“Give me another.”
When he selected a white card, Eruki’s hand was upgraded to ○○●○○ (Emperor).
Of course, Hercy’s current status will be ⓡⓡⓡⓡ○.
‘From now on, it’s a battle of odds.’
The corners of Eruki’s mouth went up.
* * *
The second scramble was summoned at 2:00 PM, but Shirone did not move in the forest where he had settled since the morning.
Anyway, the time he faced Eden was the last round of Scramble Royale, but there were times when he couldn’t feel the flow of time.
‘The 16th.’
It was the location where Shirone’s sequence ceremony was currently running.
‘I have to pull it up as much as possible.’
If you don’t destroy the limits in advance, you won’t be able to respond to immediate changes in the match against Eden.
At one point, the time machine grotesquely twisted and refracted the scenery in all directions so that even the shape was unrecognizable.
Silent Distortion.
… … !
… … !
All bugs within a radius of 5 meters that had lost their direction in time were emitting screaming pheromones.
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 585 - In the Name of God (4) 2.txt
===============================
[585] In the name of God (4)
* * *
After passing through a deep, deep underground tunnel, a fist-sized marble filled with blue electricity was floating in the air.
Fermi looked at the marble.
It was an electrical encryption device that was extremely difficult to find even in Radum, and it was a device that was applied to a level 2 security level or higher even in the Magic Association.
“The money is running out.”
Transactions in out-of-regulation-depreciation.
A chip containing information magic worth 1.7 billion gold, an indicator, popped up on the palm of my hand.
When he swallowed it and cast a spell, the orb’s electricity spread into a veil, revealing its internal circuitry.
From now on, it’s pure brain territory, but compared to the security level, the password system wasn’t that complicated.
‘There seems to be no expert in information magic.’
Of course, this did not mean that it was easy, and Fermi managed to crack the code only after wandering for about 30 minutes.
The beads glowed red, revealing a completely different landscape.
Inside the huge cave, there were skeletons clinging to the walls as if they were carved entirely, and at the end of the cave, which curved like a snake, several figures were having a conversation with drinks.
There’s no way they wouldn’t know that Fermi had arrived, but they didn’t seem to care.
‘This is to the point of giving goosebumps.’
Even without blocking access with a security device, the air in the cave was sharp as if a blade was floating.
The fact that Fermi, who had gone through all the pre-natal battles, could know that no matter who was pointed out here, they were looking at the pinnacle in their field.
‘but… … .’
Come to think of it, it wasn’t particularly surprising.
Because the person waiting for Fermi was the man who reached the pinnacle of time magic.
“You came at last. I will appreciate your resourcefulness.”
“No matter how much they were being chased, I didn’t expect them to be in a place like this.”
Fermi smiled and walked towards the man whose eyes were bandaged.
“Eternal Reflector, Mr. Armin.”
Armin, who left the Ivory Tower, joined hands with Miro, and was on a mission with some people.
“How did you find me?”
Fermi is the son of Yolga, a heroine comparable to Miro, and a genius, but the situation was still questionable.
“To be honest, I heard. To Mr. Sein.”
‘three.’
He, who is active under the name of Snake in Black Line, was also helping Miro.
‘Does sending Fermi obediently mean acceptance?’
“First of all, from the negotiations I mentioned before… … .”
Fermi, who was walking towards the table where Armin was sitting, stopped abruptly.
If I had gone one centimeter closer, I would have died.
‘wow.’
It was the one-armed swordsman leaning against the wall behind Armin who was breathing the kind of murder he had never experienced before.
Farka Kuan, who was once an instructor at Kaizen Swordsmanship School, is currently working with Armin to prepare for the upcoming war.
“Sit down.”
Only after Armin gave permission did the curtain of life fall back.
“… … yes.”
Fermi answered honestly and pulled out the chair.
‘Phew, they’re adults.’
Although Fermi had nothing to fear in the world, it would have been better for her to act like a calm magic school student for this moment.
‘Also, these are my aunt’s friends.’
A lineup of so-called labyrinths.
Including Sain as well as Gaold, the former head of the Magic Association who is currently in hiding, it was a truly powerful squad.
‘My mother had it too.’
Fermi also had Yoga’s colleagues whom he called uncles and followed.
‘If it wasn’t for the events of that day… … .’
Armin asked, feeling Fermi’s cold eyes.
“You came here for a deal, right?”
“The promised funds are ready. All that remains is the signature.”
Fermi pulled out the depreciation contract.
“The deadline is one week. Transaction amount 100 billion gold. I will pay in installments over three years.”
Armin looked down at the trade agreement.
Just by making it this far, Fermi’s talent was as he had been told by Miro.
‘but… … .’
I couldn’t decide if it was the right thing to do.
Above all, it was unknown why Miro had allowed Fermi to investigate Istas.
“You must keep your promise.”
The unsuitable nervousness in Fermi’s voice meant that the situation was out of his control.
“Miro knows this.”
The promise between Fermi and Armin was a long time ago, but now Miro has heard about it.
“Are you confident to take responsibility? could die No, even if he came out alive, wouldn’t it be good to have Maze as an enemy?”
Fermi’s smile disappeared.
“Would you have been able to say that even 19 years ago?”
“… … .”
“I just want to be sure. Whose things did your aunt originally have?”
Armin, who was lost in thought, took up a pen and signed it, and Fermi’s eyes twinkled.
“As promised, signed.”
When Fermi, who was much younger than now, came to visit, a deal that he thought would be absolutely impossible was made.
“thank you.”
When Eating Out the Rules was cast, a piece of chip that shone like gold was summoned.
It was the time stop magic, stop.
* * *
As the 4th scramble was summoned, the odds of random cards began to fluctuate as Eruki and Hercy’s hand decreased.
‘Why do you split the hand?’
Hersy’s doubts became clear when she opened the next random card.
‘It’s black again.’
It was the turn that had to come out with a probability of 78 percent.
‘Of course, the probability of 22 percent cannot be ignored. But the fact that this often happens… … .’
It was an obvious manipulation of probability.
“Right. I’m not taking Caen.”
“Dorothy, Kang.”
One second after Eruki bet Kang, Dorothy’s card, ○○○ (religion), was destroyed.
“If Kang or Pao is not selected, the cards that have been disassembled are not mixed with the random cards.”
After listening to Hercy, Fishaw checked the status of the Master Card.
“Sabina is destroying scramble. The speed is superior to us, but we can’t see a big benefit as it is.”
“I guess it goes the same way. The remaining scrambles, including those collected, are around 40.”
The match was to be decided only until the end of the final.
“no. then we win After all, from some point on, the probability is fixed.”
As the number of chess pieces decreased, the number of variables also decreased.
“The winner of this game is Cayden.”
A smile spread across Hersie’s lips.
* * *
It’s been a while since the fifth scramble was summoned, but it no longer mattered to Amy and Caden.
“Oohhh!”
Every time the cross sword rotated like a windmill, cold waves blew everywhere.
Amy surrounded the area with fire mist, but this time a blade similar to an air cut cut through the fire curtain.
A skilled person who can melt all attributes into swordsmanship.
‘Despite having such a talent… … .’
Is it the fate of the Red Cross that is bound to be frustrated?
“Stop talking nonsense!”
As Amy’s crimson eyes shone, her firepower increased explosively.
‘One way, one way!’
When I penetrated the focus once again in a state of concentration, my body burned like a torch as I entered a temporary state of samadhi.
“what?”
There is no magician who can survive in a state of fire that exceeds 1,000 degrees Celsius.
‘It’s a vacuum.’
Magic that combines the attributes of air and fire.
It was Amy’s secret technique ‘Fine’ that blocked the convection of heat by creating a vacuum inside the flame.
“But you can’t block radiant heat, can you?”
The only time Amy could survive in a state of fire was 10 minutes.
“Enough to take down an idiot like you.”
“idiot?”
“Don’t you think it’s selfish? Everyone has one burden in life. But I don’t want to ruin other people’s lives out of desperation.”
“Maybe.”
Cayden, who had erected the crosssword, put his palms together, and cold air rose up.
“But do you know? The weight of my destiny outweighs the weight of all men.”
‘That’s stupid!’
The sight of Amy rushing forward was like a huge fireball rolling down.
“You fool. Trying to engage the swordsman in close combat.”
It was the first time that Amy had closed the distance first in a battle so far.
“Is it really so?”
As Amy’s flames soared recklessly, she became a fire giant and attacked Cayden.
‘Isn’t it magic?’
The cross sword cut the giant, but the energy of ice disappeared without even resisting.
‘Ifrit.’
Another battery installed in Amy.
An ancient spirit, Jack O’Lantern, evolved into a demon of flame riding on the energy of the sword.
“Fire Fist!”
Ifrit’s fists, made of fire smoke, were separated into dozens and swung.
Woooooooooooooooooooooooooh!
With the explosion of flame, the last, 6th scramble of black and white was summoned.
* * *
‘done.’
Shirone calmly opened her eyes.
At the point where the time is approaching midnight, the time period of the statue of Buddha is distorting the landscape to such an extent that objects cannot be distinguished.
‘100 views.’
It was the arrival point of the sequence ceremony that Shirone finally reached.
On the one hand, I expected it, but as expected, nothing to be ashamed of.
The number 100 is great only on a human scale, and this was also only a very narrow range of natural numbers.
However, it was enough time to subdue Eden.
When he arose, the landscape returned to normal, and the embodiment of the Light Angel soared to the top of the tree.
“Eden is… … .”
After checking the Master Card, Shirone set out to find Eden, focusing on areas where there were no scrambles.
After making full use of the Spirit Zone and narrowing the radius as if chasing prey, Eden was finally captured by synesthesia.
Perhaps the other person felt it too, but she did not run away or hide.
“… … You are here.”
Shirone checked Eden’s condition.
‘There is no Master Card.’
Similarly, Eden also looked up at Shirone’s incarnation.
“Is it the identity of the ability to control time?”
“I’ve been thinking a lot.”
Shirone approached Eden.
“And I came to a conclusion. Eden, your omnipotence is not absolute. It’s just strong.”
“Human beings have a tendency to belittle those who have not reached them. Because he’s afraid of what he doesn’t know. It is also the reason why people deny the existence of God.”
“If God really exists, why are you trying to prove it?”
“Is it proof that it merely reveals what exists?”
“You deny Gaold.”
“Because he denied God first.”
“That’s why it’s not perfect.”
“I don’t know what you mean. If you have other ulterior motives… … .”
“I could die.”
Shirone stopped talking.
“I’m bringing this up just because I don’t want to kill you. give up even now Your omnipotence is not absolute. If you get attacked by me in that state… … .”
Shirone was sincere.
“I could really die.”
Eden shook his head with a sad expression.
“Is this the way I thought at best? Shaking my mind?”
“Listen, Eden.”
“No, fine. Okay, let’s assume you’re right.”
Eden’s defenses shone with divine light.
“Suppose my omnipotence is not absolute. Even so, God is watching over me. There is no such thing as conceit. Even if it’s not perfect, there’s nothing wrong with defeating you.”
Eden opened his arms and said.
“If it’s not perfect, I’ll avoid it. Because that would be another solution God gave me.”
“I’m saying this because it can’t be avoided.”
Shirone gritted his teeth and said.
“When I start doing something, I assure you, you can never avoid it. This is your final warning. Give up even now.”
“How arrogant are humans.”
Eden’s eyes became rather calm even after hearing his earnest words.
“Do you think you can control time and become a god? you’re welcome.”
Eden’s defenses burned with the greatest brightness ever.
“I have an invincible space that God has allowed.”
“… … I get it.”
As soon as the words were finished, the light angel penetrated Shirone’s body and the time period began to spread.
“Please do not resent me.”
before God’s name.
Time and space were about to collide.
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 586 - Darkness (1).txt
===============================
[586] Darkness (1)
“damn!”
Dorothy looked back in surprise at the curse words that came out of Eruki’s mouth.
‘You’re getting angry too.’
“As expected, Hersey knew. Cards that have been discarded by forfeiture are not shuffled.”
It was a rule that could not be understood in just 7 days without manipulating time like Shirone or having the calculation ability of a Servant.
“We are trying to count equally to create an advantageous hand. At this rate, we will all die together.”
“Who wins? Can you count?”
There are 28 scrambles left that have not yet been carded.
If so, it was possible to predict the match by calculating all the cards and patterns they would choose.
Eruki clicked his tongue and said.
“41 percent. It’s the odds of winning on our side.”
“Is there such a big difference?”
“The odds of winning don’t matter anyway. There are many cases where Hercy can choose. Even if we make one mistake, we will have an advantage.”
“Will I make a mistake?”
“… … I don’t know.”
It was none other than Fermi’s staff.
“Now I have no choice but to choose. If you fight with a combination of hands until the end, the win rate is 40%. But if you consider other factors… … .”
Electricity flew in Eruki’s eyes.
“With an 80 percent chance, we can even make it to a draw.”
40% win and 80% draw.
Of course, Eruki, who was in charge of the match between the hands, had no choice but to lean toward the former.
’40 percent isn’t a low win rate. I have to do it.’
If Amy avoids Cayden, if Shirone can’t destroy Eden’s defenses.
‘You have to fight considering all the negative circumstances. If I tamper with the white card… … .’
“… … key. Eruki!”
“uh?”
Eruki, who was out of his mind, looked back at Dorothy.
“Don’t think too hard. I trust your head.”
“But if you fall behind in a combination… … .”
“You know what is more important. we are a team yes?”
The odds are not alone.
“Yeah, right.”
It was everyone’s odds.
“Let’s get started. I’ll give you one shot.”
Dorothy nodded briskly.
* * *
“ha! ha!”
The mountain was on fire.
The duration of the flames was over, but flames blazed up wherever Ifrit swept away, illuminating the midnight darkness.
‘As expected, continuous casting is impossible.’
A shock wave erupted as Amy threw herself away in agony as if her whole body was ripening.
Immediately, Caden covered in dust appeared.
“Amyy!”
His condition was no longer normal.
‘Sniper Mode!’
Even while the spirit zone of the cross rotated 300 times per minute, the fire strike was directed at Cayden.
‘Air Tunnel. It’s definitely tricky.’
The speed of the flames, fueled by oxygen, could not be followed without Schema’s body vision.
‘fast. Should I keep my distance?’
Caden shook his head.
Giving distance to the sniper was the most foolish decision.
‘I have to approach.’
That was the standard, but Amy also activated the flame again against Cayden.
As Ifrit, who had already been reborn seven times, blew out her breath in front of her, waves of flame turned everything to ashes.
Magic Sword – Shadow Barrier.
Cayden, who invoked dark magic in the black ashes, split the curtain and jumped in.
‘okay! You’re great!’
Amy gritted her teeth and hit her.
The lingering scene of fire and darkness mingling was a grotesque color that could only be seen in hell.
‘Yeah, that would be great! There are so many things I’m good at!’
Amy realized why her stomach was bubbling as the battle continued.
‘If I like Maya, I will attack Maya!’
Cayden does nothing.
‘Who knows what’s easy to love? Why did I even give up on the graduation evaluation and ended up in a place like this… … .’
Amy’s flames rose even more.
“I thought I was fighting you!”
“Oohhh!”
Demon Sword – Mega Tornado.
As the gale rotated around Cayden, Amy’s flames entwined with the movement of the air.
‘Frozen Buster!’
The endless swirl of flames froze and exploded.
‘Anything can be done… … Art is blah blah blah!’
Cayden really, does nothing.
“How did I get here!”
Amy also knew the weight of her destiny to become the best.
‘Do you think you can make a living doing what you want to do?’
So I wandered for a while.
If she hadn’t met Shirone, her talent wouldn’t have blossomed.
‘At the magic school… … !’
A lot of competitors I met.
There was a desire to acquire at least some talent hidden in the gaze that disparaged that he was only seeing the virtues of the red eyes.
‘You’re from the Cross family! You are born with the best talent!’
Knowing their resentment, he wants to become a wizard.
Because I can’t tolerate myself not being able to achieve anything even though I have a talent that is superior to others.
“Just whining!”
“die!”
Demon Sword – Thunder Cross.
When Cayden slammed the ground, cross-shaped electric shocks exploded in all directions.
“What the hell did you do!”
In the explosion, Amy’s red eyes began to flicker at an unprecedented speed.
triple evolution.
A state of extreme concentration that humans are capable of, which cannot be achieved only with the ability to back up self-image memories.
When Ifrit, who had grown explosively, grabbed the crosssword, the blade heated up red.
‘You have to hold on! little bit more!’
It is accompanied by nervousness beyond imagination to stab consciousness again in the state of samadhi.
Even the sound of grasshoppers could be heard as loud as thunder, and he was in such a state of concentration that he would go crazy if even a single strand of hair was shaken by the wind.
“Let’s see!”
Despite the pain in his burning hands, Cayden grabbed the heated cross sword.
“I am just a victim of my fate!”
The blade emitted a pale white glow.
Demonic Sword – Island 閃.
The blade literally decapitated Amy with the same speed as the flash had passed.
“Huh!”
Amy’s crimson eyes did not disappear even in front of the horizon of light that seemed to blind her.
‘Did you avoid it?’
Impossible with Amy’s schema level.
‘No, did I not cut it?’
Stopping in the posture of swinging the sword, Cayden looked back at the cross sword.
Only the black handle, dripping with molten iron, remained.
‘Alloy… … .’
Heat enough to liquefy in an instant.
Amy, who instantly increased her firepower, rushed forward with smoke burning from her body.
Although he could no longer cast fire, Cayden, who swung his sword in the photonized state, was in a situation where it was difficult to move as the aftermath surged through his body.
“Big!”
Just as she was desperately trying to move her limbs, Amy came deep into Caden’s arms.
“Either Maya or you… … !”
The fist, filled with all the strength of his body, crashed into Cayden’s ribs, which Shirone had broken a few days ago.
“Shirone can’t yield!”
Woo support!
Cayden coughed up blood as he heard his ribs snapping.
“Gagging!”
At the same time, Amy frowned, feeling the pain in her wrist.
“ouch!”
It was clear that the ligament was out.
“Shirone… … .”
Cayden, whose face was distorted, shuddered and glared at Amy.
However, holding on for a while, the body as hard as an iron wall fell backwards in vain.
* * *
“Ugh! Gross!”
Sabina slashed the insects flocking in from all directions with the air cut.
It was only magic, but that’s why it was even more hideous, and its functions such as poison, paralysis, and insanity were all different.
‘Oh, I don’t know!’
As Sabina casts Cutting Flower, the blade’s wind tore through the colony of six-legged ones.
In an attack that combines speed and accuracy, hundreds of insects finally lay on the floor vomiting mucus.
“Whoa! Is it over now?”
Fisho had disappeared before he knew it.
The role he can play in the state of exhausting scramble is check, but he was not foolish enough to attack the battle mage head-on.
‘It’s as Eruki said.’
Sabina, who waited a long time even after Fisho disappeared, checked the time and looked at the sky.
Rocket Punch (→→↘↘←←).
Dorothy’s magic Hickory’s rocket punch delivered her a scramble.
* * *
“It is over.”
Hercy and Eruki glared at each other.
After a fierce combination fight, the result reached was ○●○○●○(amplification) for Eruki and ●●●●●ⓡ for Hercy.
If the random card is black, Hercy can defeat Eruki, and on the contrary, if it is white, it will be a full defeat.
‘It’s a gamble worth taking.’
According to the calculation through counting, the proportion of black and white remaining in the random cards was four white cards and six black cards.
“It’s my win with a 60 percent chance.”
Just the fact that he followed the odds ratio predicted by Eruki was enough to say that Hercy’s brain was outstanding.
“No, there is an 80% chance of a draw.”
At that time, Dorothy bet on Eruki.
Due to her ●○●●○● (Extinction), Eruki’s cards were altered and the black-and-white ratio became 8:8.
Then the probability is 50%.
“Did you throw away the card? It’s a crazy gamble.”
“Is it really so?”
When Eruki pointed at Hickory’s empty arm, Hersey, realizing something, looked at the Master Card.
The hand of Sabina, who was ○○○○ (Pope), was destroyed before I knew it, and ●●●● (Mine) was floating.
This gives you 16 white cards and 4 black cards.
In other words, it was a situation where a white card came out with a probability of 80%.
“… … Are you trying to catch me somehow?”
It was a strategy that could not be attempted without being convinced that Shirone would retire Eden.
“well. Because this is a team game.”
Perhaps a black card might come out with a 20% chance, so Hercy picked up a random card.
“open.”
When the ●●●●●○ (full loss) was confirmed, Hersy threw the white card to the ground while kicking her tongue.
‘So four scrambles are empty.’
It was a leeway created by not using scramble on Shirone from the start.
‘I sent exactly four to Sabina.’
There was only one question left for Hercy.
“How did you get the timing dozens of times? Did you just leave it to chance?”
Aside from counting cards, predicting changes in real time was impossible with human thinking.
“Because I am a Servant.”
Eruki’s answer was simple.
“Servants do not forget time. and… … It’s five minutes behind Dorothy’s clock.”
Dorothy shrugged and smiled.
* * *
With a bridge that could not be crossed, Shirone and Eden flew through the sky and pursued it.
The air defense was one-sided, but it was a strange battle with no results.
‘As expected, it can’t be destroyed with normal magic.’
All kinds of magical applications are being thrown into Eden through the ability of the Buddha Statue Explosion, but not a single tip of her hair can be damaged.
‘I have to be prepared to kill.’
The Shining Chain went one second ahead and restrained Eden, but her expression was full of composure.
“You can’t hurt me with this anyway.”
‘Ataraxia!’
The moment Ataraxia unfolded, Eden’s ridicule began to harden due to the emotion of astonishment.
‘What is that?’
Ataraxia, which was accumulated while distorting the surrounding landscape, was completely different from yesterday.
“sphere?”
A 4-dimensional ataraxia that adds time to a 3-dimensional space.
It was a phenomenal phenomenon that only Shirone, who recognizes the past, present, and future at the same time, could demonstrate.
‘more! faster!’
Accumulating information on the sphere was different from the two-dimensional magic circle, but that’s why it was a blast of 100 views of Buddha statues that were raised.
As the world shrunk to a point, as the light of countless information crashed into the ataraxia of the sphere, Eden also realized the seriousness of the situation.
“Huh!”
The moment she broke the Shining Chain by expanding the shield, the moment she moved away from Shirone, the 4th Dimension Ataraxia was completed.
‘Elysion!’
As the realm of Jikji opened, the central point of the Spirit Zone disappeared.
‘I don’t know what kind of magic it is, but I don’t have to deal with it. It’s enough to avoid it anyway.’
At the same time as Eden’s thoughts ended, the batteries and omnipotence of the Photon Cannon were combined in Shirone’s head.
“This… … .”
Eden shuddered at the sight unfolding before his eyes.
Huge flashes of light rushed from every direction humans could see around her.
“Huh!”
And finally condensed like the sun, making Eden immobilized.
The sensation of the enormous mass transmitted through the Absolute Barrier being concentrated into a point was truly terrifying.
“Huh… … !”
is this holiness
Or is it the most violent hostility in the universe?
‘Please hold on! Eden!’
What was reached by combining Ataraxia, Shibutsu Explosion, and Elysion was an ultra-high-density aggregation of stars flying from all times and all spaces.
It was Syrone’s extinction magic, Quasar.
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 587 - Darkness (2).txt
===============================
[587] Darkness (2)
Eden felt fear for the first time in the shock wave of enormous mass pouring toward a single point.
‘Are you afraid? I?’
It was an unacceptable feeling for her, who was invincible under the care of God.
‘That can’t be!’
Eden resisted with all his might.
Even the planet is wide for humans, so they desperately raised their faith in front of a heinous phenomenon that they would never experience even if they lived their whole lives.
“Huh!”
Tears flow because I can’t overcome my fear.
If there is a god beyond the human realm, Shirone’s quasar is also a god.
‘No, no!’
God must stay far above that.
‘I thought it was only this much?’
Was the faith that was believed to encompass the universe only the stubbornness of a minor creature that did not experience the limit in the end?
“it is not so! My faith, my faith… … !”
As the number of flashes reached along the 4-dimensional route increased, the quasar’s energy soared exponentially.
“Kyaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!”
Suddenly, a scream erupted from Eden’s mouth.
The absolute barrier was still protecting her, but she couldn’t help but feel shaken.
‘Stop giving up, Eden!’
If you can’t tolerate Gaold’s pain… … Her gods also cannot escape humans.
‘It’s not absolute! That’s not God, Eden!’
It collapses.
I felt a crack in the Absolute Barrier.
‘I can’t do this!’
It also meant that the faith of Eden was collapsing.
“God… … !”
Tears pouring down, Eden uttered a prayer.
“I believe in you!”
Trapped in the light and unable to move anywhere, as she knelt down holding hands, the durability of the shield soared to an all-time high.
‘amazing. It’s amazing.’
How strong can the human heart be?
“Stay! Forever watch over me!”
Eden cannot be destroyed.
Because God exists and I believe in it.
At the limit of belief that one human being can reach, Quasar is knocking on a solid wall without a break.
‘Why are you angry? Why are you angry?’
Knock, knock, I heard a crack in my head.
‘What have I done wrong! What’s wrong!’
Damn it! The shock came as the shield began to break.
“Huh!”
The reality itself, which can only be felt because it is human, was rushing in.
‘Oh God! Why are you punishing me!’
The light of a quasar with a diameter of more than 100 meters swelled like an explosion in an instant.
* * *
“I acknowledge the ability of a Servant. But we won.”
Hersey raised an eyebrow.
“You would think that if you didn’t get Kang, you would be able to shred the cards without wasting them, but in reality you are losing money.”
It was like throwing the collected cards in the trash.
“It doesn’t mean anything. Thanks to that, we got a draw.”
“That is your mistake.”
Hersey pointed at Eruki.
“You have to bet on it somehow. That you shouldn’t have used up the scramble on me. Because we have an Eden.”
If Eden could not be retired, a draw was meaningless from the start.
“Passing the ball to a teammate? You’re emotional, Eruki.”
“So what do you want to say?”
“first.”
Hersy raised her index finger.
“I couldn’t properly see through the opponent’s capabilities. This is your mistake.”
“Eruki, over there!”
Dorothy pointed to the sky with a surprised expression.
Both Eruki, who confirmed the place, and Hercy, who belatedly turned their heads, widened their eyes.
“That… … What the hell is it?”
Is this what it feels like to see the sun in front of you?
Thousands of light sources flashed and quickly grew in size and filled the night sky.
It was the birth of a quasar viewed from a distance.
* * *
“Kyaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!”
Hearing Eden’s throat-rending screams, Shirone could only watch.
‘It’s a big deal! I can not stop!’
The reason why flashes fly from all directions is because space-time has completely crumpled around the coordinates.
The amplifying power itself would not be much different from the two-dimensional ataraxia, but the power of concentrating the energy that should be released in a straight line into one point was different from conventional magic.
‘I will die at this rate.’
As soon as he was convinced, Eden’s defenses began to tear apart terribly.
“Huh!”
Eden’s eyes widened and his body opened like a bow.
Like a newborn baby, the shock of reality came through the skin vividly.
‘Amgu!’
Shirone rammed the ataraxia-amplified cancer sphere into the quasar.
There was nothing I could do other than this.
As the light energy was sucked into the darkness, the quasar’s brilliance quickly dimmed to the point of being visible.
‘please please!’
Even so, Eden’s life and death were unpredictable.
Finally, the quasar disappeared, and Shirone confirmed Eden falling from the sky.
I cast teleportation and managed to catch her, then I checked to see if she was still alive.
“Whew.”
It was feeble, but my heart was thumping up and down.
“Put it down.”
Eden’s voice was faintly audible.
Maintaining consciousness is a great mental strength, but the body was in a state where it was impossible to lift a finger.
“It is dangerous as it is. Let’s get treatment first.”
“Put it down.”
I tried to speak with emotion as much as I could, but even that didn’t feel the force.
Shirone, who laid Eden on the grass, slowly backed away.
“why… … .”
A single tear flowed from her eyes.
It wasn’t just that I lost the match, but because my lifelong trust was broken, I couldn’t speak out.
“Why did I lose?”
“Eden… … .”
Interrupting Shirone, she burst into anger.
“I can’t do this! Why am I worse than Gaold! I have never violated the will of God Yor! Gaold has abandoned God!”
“okay.”
Shirone said.
“But I guess God didn’t abandon Gaold.”
Eden’s eyes widened in shock.
“Eden, I don’t know if there is a God or not. But the moment you try to prove God through Gaold, even the God you believe in cannot be God.”
Shirone stepped in front of her.
“Faith is not like that. Your faith is only to become a great yo-ra and spread love.”
‘Oh God… … .’
Eden’s eyes burned hot.
I finally realized
Why was God so angry with him?
‘I doubted you… … Please forgive me.’
After praying for repentance, she slowly opened her eyes.
“Take me.”
“huh?”
“It’s MasterCard. not here Shouldn’t it be destroyed?”
“Oh right. where are you?”
“You cannot go alone. I’ll give you the location.”
“That’s a bit… … .”
It wasn’t until the battle was over that the fact that she wasn’t wearing clothes felt real.
“Can’t we just put on some clothes and start?”
“Are you kidding me now? The clothes are there, how do you wear them? I can’t even move my fingers.”
“Then I’d rather wear my clothes… … .”
When Shirone tried to take off her shirt, Eden stopped her.
“Let’s just go. Because that’s even weirder.”
Realizing it only after taking action, Shirone hurriedly lowered her jacket and held up Eden.
“where are you?”
When Shirone asked without eye contact, she smiled helplessly and opened her mouth.
“West. Near the 19 training ground.”
* * *
“Whoa! Whoa!”
Amy took a weary step.
Cayden, with broken ribs, was being dragged along by her hind legs.
The acid will burn, and if left unattended, you may suffocate to death.
Amy left the fire and tossed Cayden to the floor in annoyance.
“cadet! The more I think about it, the more I get mad! You are a truly unlucky human being.”
It was an honest feeling, but it was also a tribute to the enemy.
“I’ve heard a lot about that. But listening to Karmis is a refusal.”
Amy, who had been stunned, sat down in her seat.
“Yeah, what can I say? You and I are not in a position to envy others.”
“Why didn’t you kill me?”
“what?”
“Why did you bring me here? don’t you want to kill do you hate me?”
Amy pursed her lips.
“Well, why did you save him?”
There was only one answer she could give.
“Because it could be me.”
Caden turned his head.
“I entered the magic school and fought fiercely. I came this far defeating countless competitors. Maybe you did too.”
“… … .”
“Even if you hate me to death, when you win, you won’t feel the joy of victory. The relief of surviving is everything.”
Amy looked down at her feet.
“It’s scary because everyone is doing their best. Today I stepped on you and climbed up, but maybe I was the one who collapsed right here.”
Amy, hiding her sad expression, grinned.
“Perhaps that is why. People who risk their lives to do something, no matter how much you hate them, you can’t hate them.”
Cayden looked up at the stars in the night sky.
“I don’t understand the mindset of wizards.”
“… … I wanted to ask you before, why did you come to magic school?”
“not really. At first I just came. No worries. You will do well here anyway.”
“Would you like another shot?”
“I was thinking of staying for a while until I met Maya. But now it’s a little different. Should I be comfortable?”
Cayden looked back at Amy.
“Because wizards don’t sympathize. As you.”
As Amy fell silent, his gaze returned to the sky.
“See it as it is. The Red Cross of Sacrifice or whatever, it was different from swordsmanship school to say bad luck is bad luck.”
“It may sound presumptuous, but do you have any intention of rejecting fate?”
“Really presumptuous.”
“know! I’m just asking! Because of the loser subject, only his mouth is alive!”
Caden confessed his feelings.
“There is no way to deny the fate of the Red Cross. But you can live by ignoring it. I also want to learn swordsmanship again.”
“Aha, are you going to smash me?”
“There are things like that.”
If Cayden resumes swordsmanship, he will be the best in no time.
There is only one reason, because he doesn’t want to be the best in swordsmanship.
“Maya should forget too. I can’t achieve anything I want That’s my life.”
“Can I turn away?”
“Maybe it’s not a bad life if you become the best at anything.”
Cayden, who came up with an interesting idea, raised the corners of his mouth.
“In that respect, it would be perfect if I made you a knight oath. Because I can protect the woman I don’t like and use the swordsmanship I don’t like.”
“haha! Hey, just imagining it is truly terrifying!”
Caden also couldn’t hold back his laughter even in the midst of pain, probably thinking that it was ridiculous.
‘It’s a knight oath.’
Lian appeared in Amy’s mind.
Compared to Cayden, it can be said that he is a swordsman who is the opposite of perfect, but when I think of the spirit he showed, I was envious of Shirone on the other hand.
“I know your dream is to be an artist, but I want you to become a prosecutor.”
“You’re sending a competitor like this.”
“You are laughing! You are no match for me!”
After screaming, Amy’s face became calm again.
“I don’t know… … They say there could be a big war in the future.”
According to what I heard from Shirone, it was so.
“War is always there.”
“Suddenly, I had a thought. If fate really exists, there must be a reason why you were born in the Red Cross.”
What you get at the cost of not achieving what you desperately want is the greatest talent.
“It’s a sacrifice.”
Suddenly, Maya’s face came to mind.
“If there is a war and I can help, I will be able to protect her after all.”
I thought that maybe that was the closest distance I could be by her side.
“… … Still, I won’t take an oath to be a knight.”
“Ho Ho! Who said he would accept it? Just put a knife in front of me I’ll kick your ass in front of people!”
“However much. Because that won’t happen.”
They were two people who spoke loudly.
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 588 - Darkness (3) 1.txt
===============================
[588] Darkness (3)
* * *
The news of Eden’s retirement was delivered to Scramble Royale participants.
This was shortly after the quasar exploded.
“Retire?”
Hersey put on a blank expression.
‘Did he really destroy the shield?’
Eden’s defensive ability in the gold coin’s own simulation was ranked first among the senior class with no one to compare it to.
“Now there is no infinite (○○○○○○).”
Eruki laughed and said.
“All that’s left is Amy and Caden.”
Hersy, who came to her senses, quickly counted her hand.
The strongest hand of the Shirone team is Sabina’s ●●●● (Mine).
‘Kayden’s hand… … .’
It was ○●○● (democracy).
‘done!’
Hercy shuddered.
In a complex battle of hand combinations, only Eruki could figure out what would be the strongest hand for Shirone’s team, but he still had another strategy to prepare for the worst.
“Puhahaha!”
Dorothy raised her eyebrows as Hersy burst out laughing.
“Why are you here? Did you come true?”
“Fighted well.”
Hersy stopped laughing and said.
“It was really great. To be honest, I thought I would win easily. I’ll praise you for sticking to this point.”
“Do you think Kayden can beat Amy?”
Hersey shrugged.
Unlike the case of Eden, even in the simulation of the golden ring itself, the fighting power of the two was equal.
“I don’t care who wins.”
Hercy was sure Scramble Royale was over.
“Again, the winner is Kayden.”
* * *
“Give me your MasterCard.”
Amy reached out to Caden.
“MasterCard? ah.”
Caden blinked as if realizing it.
“hurry. You’re not going to be stubborn even after coming here, are you? You’re not that kind of person, are you?”
“that is… … I don’t have it.”
“what?”
Amy didn’t understand and wrinkled her brow.
“In the morning, Hersie took my MasterCard without the team members knowing. I can’t bet Kang, but you’re lower than me anyway. That’s the condition Hercy offered in exchange for pursuing you.”
“wait for a sec. You took your master card? Mastercard?”
Amy, who suddenly had a confusion in her head, held out her hand and muttered something, then looked at the cards of the participants.
Cayden’s democracy was the strongest.
‘If Scramble Royale ends like this, the united team will win.’
Amy shouted, her heart racing, turning to Caden.
“you idiot! What if I say that now? It looks like we’re losing!”
The absurd thing was the same for Caden.
“Why am I saying that? Aren’t we on different sides?”
“shut up! Foolish bastard!”
Amy kicked Cayden in the side, shocking him through a broken rib.
“Keugh! what are you doing?”
“Ugh! I really can’t live!”
As Amy turned and ran away, Caden held out her hand.
“Now, wait… … !”
“shut up! See you after the game!”
A trembling hand went to the broken rib, and saliva leaked from between his teeth.
“Big!”
As expected, the wizard had no sympathy.
* * *
“Kaden doesn’t have a MasterCard.”
Hersy declared triumphantly.
“I got it this morning. In the end, even if Amy beats Cayden, the cards won’t be ruined. If Kayden wins, not to mention the consequences.”
Silence ensued for a moment.
“Now do you understand? Scramble Royale is a victory for the united teams.”
“Eruki.”
When Dorothy turned around, Eruki said.
“Where is my MasterCard?”
“Well, where is it?”
Hercy’s body shone with flashes.
Sona had already been analyzed and could not be used, but if it was spatial movement, it would not be possible to cancel it.
“Then see you after the game.”
At the same time, Sabina approached from behind and tightened his throat.
“Don’t move.”
A sharp air cut lingered around her fingertips.
“Huh, is this the last outburst? Ugly.”
Dorothy came, accompanied by Hickory.
“Give me your MasterCard. Otherwise, we will have no choice but to resort to violence.”
Then the ground beneath Sabina’s feet stirred and a long, snake-like centipede sprang up and coiled itself around her ankle.
“this!”
From a tree 10 meters away, Fisho came down on a spider.
“Free Hersy. It is a poisonous centipede.”
“Don’t talk nonsense. Do you think you will die alone?”
Sabina tightened Hercy’s throat even more, and Hickory’s fist aimed at the hanging fishot from the tree.
Sabina said in a situation where each other was holding each other’s lifeline.
“Search Hersie’s body. I don’t have much time. I need to find my master card.”
Hersy spread her arms happily.
“ha ha ha! You don’t disappoint me either! But what should I do? I don’t have Kayden’s MasterCard.”
“Shut up. We’ll check that out.”
There was something alive in Sabina’s voice.
“However much. There’s no law that says you’ll always keep it. Please look hard. If you can find it in time, you win.”
“Eruki, quickly!”
After Dorothy shouted after loading the rocket punch, Eruki slowly moved on.
“Oh, I don’t have the hobby of entrusting myself to a man. I can’t find what I’m looking for anyway… … .”
“Hersey.”
Eruki stopped talking and raised his head.
“Are you stupid?”
“what?”
Hersey’s face crumpled.
* * *
“okay! I’m stupid! I am stupid!”
Amy turned back the way she had come.
Cayden was still clutching at his side as he came out of the woods, moaning.
“hey! Shouldn’t we just let you retire?”
“So I told you to wait… … .”
“shut up! There’s less than two minutes left!”
Amy, who grabbed Cayden by the collar and raised him up, activated the schema and lifted him up.
“Aww! You are too strong.”
“What do you know!”
Amy, who cast space movement repeatedly, landed near the main gate of the magic school.
-There are 10 seconds left until the end of Scramble Royale.
“driving me crazy!”
Amy, who calculated the teleportation and schema power, ran with Cayden on her back.
5 seconds, 4 seconds, 3 seconds… … .
Hearing Lulu’s electrical signal, she threw Cayden with all her might.
“Go, Caden!”
2 seconds, 1 second.
Another signal came in between the counts as Cayden’s body crossed the front door.
-Kayden, off-field defeat. The game time for Scramble Royale is over.
-The strongest beating Mine (●●●●). The winning team is Shirone, Eruki, Nade, Amy, Dorothy, and Sabina.
– Apply rewards and payoffs through Judge.
“ha! ha!”
After recognizing all of Lulu’s signals, Amy fell face down with her hands on the ground.
“Such ignorant… … .”
Outside the front door, Kayden collapsed, wriggling through the pain.
* * *
“I won!”
Sabina and Dorothy loosened their combat stance and jumped.
Fisho still showed no emotion, only Hersy was stunned.
“ah… … .”
If you only realized how stupid you were thinking after a while, it means it wasn’t even in your head.
‘Why did I do that?’
“When you are driven to a dead end, even ridiculous hopes become positive.”
Hercy’s eyes returned to Eruki who was approaching.
“It’s like insurance in a card game. It’s a good strategy to assume and insure a particular situation, but you end up forcing all assumptions into that particular situation.”
“Heh, don’t be proud… … !”
“Because I’m thinking of cheating… … .”
Hercy’s face crumpled, but Eruki didn’t care and continued talking, looking back at Dorothy and remembering her advice.
“You lose track of what really matters.”
“… … .”
Realizing complete defeat, Hercy gnashed his teeth.
“See you at the graduation exam. I will definitely step on you.”
“You’re thinking of helping hard.”
It was a condition that two members of Shirone’s team were to be promoted in the graduation exam.
As Hercy moved out of the room, Sabina and Dorothy approached.
“Good job, Eruki.”
“okay. Thanks to all of you who moved according to the strategy.”
said Dorothy.
“I’ll say it again when the team members get together, but it’s definitely an ambiguous condition. To pick two people.”
Cayden reacted emotionally at the meeting before the scramble royale started, so even the Shirone team presented the strongest conditions, but after winning, the performance was ambiguous.
Eruki suggested.
“How about this? Until the graduation exams, the two lowest ranked among us will be rewarded.”
Sabina agreed.
“That’s a good way. To be honest, these words are a bit emotional, but I hope all six of us pass.”
There will be no one who will deliberately lower their rank to get help from the Golden Ring.
‘Because I know what’s really important.’
Dorothy smiled at the sky, thinking that she was fortunate to have entered the magic school.
* * *
“Are you really going to leave now? It looks like you are seriously injured.”
It was Amy who made that happen, but Caden knew her character now.
“I can do simple recovery magic. I will be treated by a pro on the way.”
Since scramble royale itself is illegal, I had no intention of stopping by the infirmary.
“okay. Will you come back?”
“I just want to get some fresh air. It’s been a while since I stopped by the house. Above all, my ranking is quite high.”
Now that I think about it, it was absurd.
“If I want to drop below Nade in rank, I won’t be able to come back for at least a month.”
Nade’s graduating class was ranked last, and at this point it was impossible to even guarantee whether he would return.
“haha! is that so? go carefully In the meantime, I’m going to raise the ranks a lot.”
Caden turned around with a wry smile.
“Give my regards to Maya.”
“no. Come back and tell me directly. To be honest, I feel uncomfortable being with him.”
“Ha ha ha ha ha!”
Cayden, who suddenly came up with an idea, threw his head back and burst into laughter.
“Now I see, they are a match made in heaven. Shirone and you.”
Amy’s face turned red.
“What nonsense are you talking about? We’re still not together… … !”
“Mine ribs you broke, Shirone broke a few days ago.”
“… … .”
“You don’t give your bones time to attach, and you beat them. I’m really fed up with you two.”
Amy asked with a worried expression.
“Could you… … .”
“don’t worry. I won’t bother you now. So enjoy life to the fullest.”
Cayden, who had been walking away from school, looked back at Amy and raised a corner of his mouth.
“Karmis.”
Amy also sent him off with a smile.
“Have a good trip, Cross.”
* * *
Participants who still had the afterglow of the game gathered one after another to where Eruki was.
Shirone arrives with Eden, and Amy joins them for the last time.
“Whew, we were on the edge, right? Everyone has suffered.”
As Shirone said, all of them looked exhausted.
“It’s a bit like going back like this, but how about something simple to eat?”
Amy stroked her rumbling belly and Sabina agreed.
“I’m hungry too. But there must be no shops open at this time? The canteen on campus is also closed.”
Eden said.
“Let’s go to the cafeteria. I’ll make it with the ingredients there. I can do simple food. Believers also said it was delicious.”
“Eden, you?”
Although Eden had been defeated in the confrontation, his expression was calmer than before.
“Because making food for the hungry is also an act of love.”
Eruki nodded.
“Okay then let’s go. Fisho, would you like to go eat with me?”
Even after the combined team disbanded, Fichot remained in place.
“… … I am not alone.”
Fishaw was the oldest in his senior class.
“Who said what? Let’s try to replicate this game. There may have been unexpected odds. Because you were in charge of scramble too.”
“If you say so.”
Although the pain of defeat is great, I knew how important it is to analyze the causes of failure.
Just when Fishaw joined and everyone was about to head to the campus cafeteria, Shirone called.
“for a moment. But there are some problems.”
“Is it a problem?”
“It’s against the school rules to enter the cafeteria at this time.”
“… … .”
Everyone had their mouths open with blank expressions, and Eruki asked in a sluggish atmosphere.
“Are you serious now?”
“huh. What if I get caught and get scolded by the teacher?”
Everyone who heard that far turned away from the answer and walked away.
“wait! I’m really anxious… … !”
Hearing Shirone’s footsteps hurriedly following, Fisho said.
“That’s Shirone.”
“of course. It’s a magic school.”
Amy said, suppressing a chuckle.
“He’s not normal either.”
Scramble Royale ended.
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 589 - Darkness (4) 1.txt
===============================
[589] Darkness (4)
* * *
“Scramble Royale has ended.”
Collie, the head teacher of the senior class, entered the principal’s office.
Alpheas was looking out the window with his hands behind his back, and Vice Principal Olivia was sitting on the sofa, her legs crossed, lost in thought.
“The Shirone team has won.”
Olivia let out a sigh of relief.
“I’m glad. At least we can block access to the study meeting in the shadows.”
Alpheas said.
“It is fortunate that the incident did not escalate. But the victory of the Shirone team means that we will get to the heart of the case.”
“How do you know that? In fact, we don’t even know what the core of Estas is.”
Alpheas turned away from the window and sat down in front of the desk.
“okay. Nobody knows until Miro opens his mouth.”
In the 20 judges, there were two people who received the right to vote, but I didn’t know exactly about the upper echelons.
“But Shirone stayed with Miro. Maybe she told me.”
“Then I won’t investigate Istas even more. Shirone’s curiosity is great, but she’s also cautious. I’m not stupid enough to divulge world-class secrets.”
“It would be nice if that were the case.”
Alpheas’ acceptance did not leave a good aftertaste.
‘It’s best to bury it as it is if possible.’
As a wizard, he wanted to know the identity of Istas like a chimney, but there were too many forces intertwined to approach it only out of curiosity.
“I’ll go out for a while.”
Olivia got up from the couch and headed for the door.
“Where are you going? Don’t make a fuss about it. It would be best for Estas to be closed as it is.”
“I know. That’s why I’m going.”
Life flashed in Olivia’s eyes as she stepped out the door.
‘There’s just one person who gets caught.’
* * *
The women’s dormitory room was basically equipped with a bed, but Anchal was immersed in meditation while sitting cross-legged on the bare floor.
She slowly opened her eyes when she heard the bell ringing past midnight, sat down at her desk, and pulled out a small fine pen from her bosom.
The brush tip was thin and the brush tip was even thinner.
A brush tip thinner than a hair swayed on a roll of paper that seemed like it would fit perfectly if two fingers overlapped.
Every time his fingertips swayed, the language of Jincheon began to be written out.
Your Majesty the Emperor
I am now in front of the secret of ‘fragments’.
I’m not afraid of death, but given the difficulty of the mission, I’m afraid I won’t be able to do my job.
Therefore, I intend to unseal the Majeongan, the family’s famous weapon bestowed by His Majesty the Great Emperor, so please rebuke my lowly skills.
I will make sure to bring ‘fragments’ with me.
Long live His Majesty the Emperor.
Long live the Jincheon Empire.
Anchal, who carefully put down the fine pen, waited for the ink to dry before rolling up the roll of paper.
“Hongkyu.”
When the name was called, two huge eyes flashed on the ceiling as if drawn in a painting.
“Yes, Chief.”
Anchal.
The director of the ‘Jincheon Space Bureau’, which is highly confidential even in the Foreign Inspection Department of the Jincheon Empire.
He was also a world-class secret holder in charge of consulting for Valkyrie’s reset system analysis agency.
“You will have to tell it yourself.”
“Please leave it to me.”
When Anchal threw a roll of paper over his head, a tongue protruded from Ceiling’s mouth, grabbed it, and swallowed it.
“This is rude, but please be careful. It is no exaggeration to say that the future of Jincheon is in your hands.”
“… … I get it.”
The painting on the ceiling disappeared as if ink dried, and Anchal covered his head with both hands and was lost in thought.
‘Estas.’
Scramble Royale should have been over by now.
It was a game that didn’t matter which side won, but Aanchal thought it was a little better for the Shirone team to win.
‘If you use the ability of burning fire… … .’
I didn’t intend to bring in Shirone from the beginning, but after realizing that I could manipulate time, Scramble Royale itself became meaningless.
‘Fermi will start moving sooner or later. Perhaps he got the blueprints for Istas.’
It needed help from both sides, but in some cases, it was an eyesore that neither side could throw off.
As I finished my thoughts and walked to the bed, someone knocked outside the door.
“Anchal, are you inside?”
‘Vice Principal Olivia.’
Thinking that something had come, Anchal instantly corrected his expression and opened the door pretending not to know anything.
“Vice principal? What are you doing at this hour?”
“I want to have an interview. May I come in?”
It was a room that didn’t leave even the slightest mistakes, but it was an honest feeling that I didn’t want to enter it if the opponent was a certified second-class archmage.
“Or should we talk outside?”
Olivia’s voice was as beautiful as an oriole’s, but today it had a sharpness that pierced my heartstrings.
“yes. I’ll listen outside. I want to get some fresh air.”
As soon as she left the building, Olivia threw herself into space and flew away.
An ordinary student would feel absurd at first, but Anchal also followed her without muttering.
The destination was on the other side of the mountains surrounding the school, at the bottom of a deep valley.
“What happened? What are you going to do by calling a student to a place like this?”
“Anchal, how old are you?”
“… … .”
If he had already come with the intention of putting an end to it, Anchal had no reason to lie anymore.
“I am thirty-two.”
“I knew it would. The people of the East look really young.”
“It’s not really like that in the East. So what do you want to know? The secret of Estas? my true identity?”
“Anything if possible.”
Anchal shook his head.
“I have thought that I am not a fool. Not paying attention is good for you and good for the school.”
The ruler of Jincheon was none other than the Three Hwanggye.
“I have no intention of getting involved in the conflict between the empires. But Estas is definitely private property. And I am the one who has been entrusted with full authority by the owner to manage it.”
“I will not avoid school.”
“That’s for me to hear and judge.”
“sorry. I have nothing to say to you.”
“okay?”
As Olivia opened her lips softly, she cast an ultrasonography, and syllables came out with the highest sound a human could hear.
The sounds reflected off the cliff amplified and tormented the eardrums of Anchal.
‘Loud. That’s why I chose this place.’
Olivia, who had read the words of a professional book while Ahn-chal’s mind was dizzy, cast her magic.
‘The Great Expansion.’
As the air expanded, valleys tens of meters high collapsed inward.
Rumble!
After the spectacular landslide, there were no more valleys left as far as the human eye could see.
Landing on the rocks that filled the valley, Olivia’s eyes flashed for a moment.
Jincheon Magic – Giant.
As soon as he threw his body, a 20-meter-tall giant appeared and slammed his fist down.
Aaaaaang!
Olivia couldn’t help but break into a cold sweat as the giant’s arm penetrated the rock and buried her shoulder.
‘Destroying an object with an illusion… … .’
As if looking for a ring buried in the soil, the giant waved his arm and pulled out the eye patch from deep underground.
The leather eyepatch that covered one eye had been torn open, revealing a bluish pupil inside.
“Is that Majeong’an?”
The giant disappeared after putting the eyes on the ground.
“What are you doing? Do you really want to fight me?”
“There’s nothing we can’t do for the safety of the school.”
“Don’t be c*cky, Olivia. I am a soldier. Even if I’m a great wizard, I’m not the type to be beaten by teachers.”
Olivia added a comment as Anchal tore off the leather patch.
“I don’t want to care about the secrets of the empire. However, this is a student problem. Why Shirone, Fermi convinced me why he was interested in Istas. This is the maximum I can offer. If you refuse even this… … .”
Olivia pursed her lips and said.
“I’ll deal with you no matter what.”
“… … .”
After thinking for a while, Anchal extinguished the light in Majeongan and sat down on a rock.
“I am an agent of the Jincheon Space Agency.”
Olivia lowered her hands and leaned against the rock wall.
“Our mission is to collect information about the cosmic initialization and reset. So far, the universe has undergone three resets. It all started with a guy called Guffin.”
Anchal looked up at the sky.
“Nineteen years ago, a man named Guffin was protecting humanity from heaven. But he left the mission to Miro and disappeared. This is where the question arises.”
Anchal raised his finger.
“Why did Guffin have to expunge himself? Considering that he has made Miro his successor, it is unreasonable to say that his affection for this world has cooled.”
“Hmm.”
“The conclusion reached through the hypothesis of Valkyrie seems that Guffin should have completed what he could not do himself through the maze. And we think Shirone is somehow involved in that.”
“Shirone?”
Anchal kept silent about confidentiality and moved on to the next matter.
“The eradication of the Guffin would have been a disaster from the point of view of humans. Because the breakwater that blocked the army of Heaven has disappeared.”
“There must have been a lot of backlash.”
“I can’t remember, but I can predict. And it is presumed that Fermi’s mother, Yolgha, was at the heart of the backlash.”
“Shirone and Fermira.”
“Is this enough reason to understand? We absolutely need those two to investigate Istas.”
“good. But why is it estas?”
From here on, the security level jumped up, but Olivia’s doubts were natural.
“Do you know about the crack field verification experiment?”
“Roughly. Isn’t it that the total amount of time and energy in the world we live in is subtly misaligned?”
“that’s right. Through the Anke La Eradication and the Great Purification, we continued to calculate the rift field. In the meantime, I found that the rift value of the Guffin Eraser is always fixed. The more the reset, the more complicated the rift should be.”
“What does that mean?”
“Even during the third reset, there are events that never change.”
Anchal drew the cross of space and time in the air.
“Why Estas? Unlike other ruins, the Guffin’s Gate installed there is fixed at one coordinate in time and space. Coordinates that can never be accessed unless time is stopped. The Jincheon Space Agency tried to separate the coordinates into time and space through the crack field value.”
Anchal made a hand gesture as if holding a thread, then opened it to the left and right.
“As a result of connecting spatial information with time, we came to the conclusion that the event lasted about 3 hours.”
That incident was the identity of the rift that occurred in the eradication of Guffin.
“In a word, Guffin fixed a specific event. Why? It is different from the 2nd and 3rd resets.”
“You mean the incident was in the upper echelons of Istas?”
“You know the rumors of the upper echelons, right? Everything that cannot exist in this world exists. This refers to an event And that event is unaffected by the reset.”
“Is it really possible, an event that is not affected even when the world is reset?”
“Is it possible.”
The answer was immediate.
“Of course, normally it is difficult. However, if the event itself becomes one world and is connected to our world in an independent state.”
“Is it another universe, for example?”
Anchal nodded.
“The Jincheon Space Agency collected all the information and simulated the world in the upper Eastas in advance. You should know what kind of world it is to know how difficult it is to infiltrate. The results came out astonishing.”
“What if the result is surprising?”
“There is no beginning and no end.”
Looking at Olivia, Anchal wiggled his fingers.
“Something that happened in the upper part of Istas, that lasted about 3 hours, is repeating itself forever.”
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 590 - Events of the day (1).txt
===============================
[590] Event of the day (1)
The twelfth island of the Mediterranean, the Kingdom of Roblant.
This small country with a population of 700,000 boasts such beautiful scenery that 70 percent of its citizens are engaged in tourism.
At the hotel, a world-class resort and tax haven for wealthy people, secret meetings were being held by politicians who could be known just by hearing their names.
Marika Hotel, a bar on the second basement level.
“Paray!”
Six tables were placed next to each other and 14 people were drinking.
At the center of it all was Miro, the most famous person in the world and yet an unknown woman.
“One more drink!”
“Are you up for a challenge?”
“of course. not there yet!”
When Miro raised her hand excitedly, the men burst into laughter.
“This lady is not your average weekly. good! Kadun, roll another glass.”
“Leave it to me!”
After setting the 1,000 sisi glasses, a man named Kadun climbed onto the table and tilted the bottle in both hands, pouring the drink like a waterfall.
As the two liquids bubbling and filling, and Maze grabbed the empty cup, the son-in-law fell silent in an instant.
Every time Miro’s neck moved, the crowd’s eyes lit up.
The moment the last sip was passed, everyone stood up, and Miro, who put the cup down with a bang, stepped on two chairs and pulled his fist to his side.
“Paray!”
The sound of 14 people shouting at the same time reverberated through the tavern.
“It’s good to sell, Miro.”
“uh?”
Miro turned his head and noticed Sain who had entered the tavern before he knew it.
“Hey, my friend! What are you doing here?”
As if drunk, a blush bloomed on Miro’s face.
“Paray!”
It seems that someone drank poison again.
Miro sat down on the bed as he heard the cheers through the wall.
“Oh, drunk. I must have drank too much polka.”
I didn’t even know what a polka was.
“Are things going well?”
At Sain’s question, Miro pointed to the ceiling.
“It’s on the 14th floor. I guess it’s a long story. I think it will take two more days to come to a conclusion.”
Sein pulled out a chair and sat down.
“It’s good to have fun, but be careful. Because there are many people who are after you.”
“Whoops, who dares to attack me?”
There are only a handful of people in the world who can break the maze of the world, but seeing her disheveled today made me feel old.
‘Well, since I’ve been locked up for 20 years.’
Miro’s originally free-spirited talent seemed to have exploded without control.
‘Maybe the world’s greatest bad boy has been released.’
Miro asked.
“But what happened? come directly Any problem?”
“little. Fermi visited me.”
Miro smiled meaninglessly.
“I took the blueprints for Istas. Of course, the blueprint with the Guffin’s Gate.”
“Ha, I knew that.”
“I sent it to Armin as you said, but is it really okay?”
“then. Can anything happen?”
“Time and space of infinite circulation structure. It’s a case that Guffin tried to protect somehow. If an outside factor intervenes and twists events, the world could end.”
Miro was speechless despite the terrifying remark.
“What kind of case is this? What happened in Estas?”
“I don’t know either.”
Sein tilted his head.
“You don’t know?”
“Something must have happened in Estas. But not in my memory. It disappeared with the erasure of the Guffin. But now that I have experienced the world, I can only vaguely guess.”
“Is that why you didn’t come forward yourself?”
“In the upper echelons of Estas, there is the me of 19 years ago. If events are twisted in some way, the world will be different from what we know. That’s why I told Fermi to give me the blueprint.”
Miro’s eyes grew dim.
“If the history of the world is twisted anyway, it’s up to the parties concerned to destroy it.”
“Is Shirone included in the party?”
“It could be.”
Sein, lost in thought, asked.
“Who is Shirone? Is it the blood of a guffin?”
“I don’t know. The only one who knows the answer is me from 19 years ago.”
Sein poured out the wine and handed it to Miro.
“Are you not running away?”
Miro, who was handed a drink, raised her eyebrows.
“escape?”
“Yolga.”
“I told you. I have no memory of that time.”
“But don’t you have memories before entering the upper levels?”
Sein was persistent.
“okay.”
Miro remembered Yoga’s face.
“Lovely, kind, and just a good person was an unnie that fit perfectly. Could there really be anyone in the world who would hate Yolgah?”
“Then he went missing.”
Sein approached Miro.
“How likely are you to kill me?”
“Whoa, do you want to know that?”
“I am just worried about you. Why did Guffin choose you over Yolga? If only he was such a good person.”
“Because he is a good person.”
Miro passed the strong drink all at once.
“Maybe I killed him. But even if I could turn back time, my judgment would be the same.”
The drunkenness completely disappeared from Miro’s eyes looking at Sein.
“I must have killed it because it was worth killing. It is true that I should have been the successor to Guffin.”
* * *
From early in the morning, the senior class was bustling.
After Scramble Royale ended, participants joined the fierce competition again, and only a few left the school for personal reasons.
The representative characters were Nade and Caden.
The winning team was determined to make up for the 7-day absence, and the losing team had to come up with an alternative to lower their score than Nade.
‘I just need to lower it before the graduation exam. One point behind Nade is the best result.’
The problem was that he did not know when Nade would return.
“don’t worry. I just need some time to think.”
Her best friend, Eruki, reassured Amy like that.
Meanwhile, Shirone, who refused to evaluate, left the lodging early in the morning and arrived at the meeting place.
An eye mask without an eye patch was waiting.
“Did you break the seal?”
“Because it’s the Magic Eye I brought for that purpose. What about Armand?”
Shirone responded by showing Kubrick.
“Now tell me. What do you mean there are guffins upstairs?”
“I’ll explain as I go.”
When Anchal turned to Istas, Shirone refused.
“no. I’ll have to listen to the explanation. We will go together after that.”
Anchal, who checked the time, turned back.
“good. It’s a matter of life and death for you too.”
Anchal reconstructed and recounted a situation that might have happened in Istas 19 years ago.
“Guffins… … You said you came here?”
“Isn’t that obvious? You saw Guffin’s Gate, too.”
Even so, when I heard about it, I didn’t really feel it.
The gap that the person who was erased from everyone’s memory was a wizard that everyone in the world knew just 19 years ago couldn’t be easily narrowed.
“At that time, it is estimated that Yolga and his party were included among the people hiding in Istas in pursuit of Miro.”
“Yolga?”
“I’m Fermi’s mother.”
“ah… … .”
“What is certain is that the kingdom of Tormia secretly sent troops to kill Miro. Hwaseong, a secret unit belonging to the Kimudae. Each one of them is a powerful assassin.”
Shirone recalled the scene she had seen in Eastas through the Poetry Statue Explosion.
“For sure… … It had the mark of Tormia Kingdom engraved on it.”
“The upper floors of Istas cannot be opened unless very complex conditions are met. However, your ability to control time ignored that condition and brought past events to the surface. This will help in some way.”
Anchal finally asked.
“Are you going with me? My explanation ends here.”
Shirone, who was lost in thought, finally lifted her head.
* * *
Rumble! Rumble!
Fermi and Lichen were having a conversation in the 89 buildings of Estas, which were constantly changing and changing their structure.
“The upper floors are only open to certain structures. A stop magic is needed at the end.”
“It’s very detailed.”
“It’s not that precise. It wasn’t a place made to be explored in the first place.”
“It is the time of infinite circulation structure.”
For Lichen, it has not yet come to reality.
“If there really was such a thing, I could have everything in the world.”
What he paid attention to was time itself, not the events of Istas.
“okay. The incident keeps repeating itself. We are no exception. thus… … .”
Fermi threw a red glowing orb.
“It means that any number of things can be duplicated.”
Lichen, who snatched the marble, made a puzzled expression.
“Didn’t you say 10 billion gold?”
“That’s 10 billion gold.”
“this? It doesn’t look like a jewel. Is it an object by any chance?”
“answer. <The Last Scream of the Jaeger Family>. I bought it at Curia auction for twice the cigar price.”
“Twice? then it’s a loss The high price of the object must be because it has a rare value, but if you copy it… … .”
“Of course, but <The Last Scream of the Jaeger Family> is an exception. When the bearer is in danger, it sends out an audible signal to let you know. It’s expendable and it’s closely related to life, so if you duplicate it in hundreds, it’s a matter of time to make a lot of money.”
“Hmm, that’s right.”
Lichen was satisfied only then.
“Move along the set coordinates, then return to this warehouse and put it in the safe here.”
Fermi pointed to a sturdy safe.
“Then, as the incident repeats itself, it continues to pile up. But, you’ll have to be careful. The skills of those involved in this case are not normal. It’s best to bypass the space.”
“Hehe, it doesn’t matter.”
Lichen pulled up rubber tights to cover her nose.
‘Because my skills are certain.’
The eldest son of Gunzo Bedium, who is regarded as the strongest hitman in the Black Line, was Gunzo Licorn.
Fermi asked with such trust.
“What are you going to do if you earn a lot of money?”
“Charity.”
“haha! what?”
In Fermi’s opinion, Lichen was a worse villain than himself.
“Isn’t it fun? The villainous philanthropist. It’s just a blow to the slick hypocrites.”
Lichen said as she loosened her neck.
“Do you know why humans think only they are right? It’s all because of your F*cking imagination. You are mistaken as if you have actually done something you have never experienced.”
Fermi was listening with interest.
“If you don’t want to die in your imagination, you can even cut off your own feet. But in real life, if you give me a saw, I can’t even bring it to my ankle. That’s the blind spot of imagination. The lack of pain.”
Lichen does not imagine.
“I do hit-and-run, but I honestly think it’s a bad move. Because if I kill someone, others can kill me too.”
“That’s the social contract.”
“But my father supported our family with a hit-and-run job. If he hadn’t killed people, I would have been more miserable.”
“That doesn’t mean everyone commits murder, does it?”
“It’s not that I don’t commit. The point is, shut up if you’re not willing to bear my pain for me. Don’t use your wild imagination.”
Fermi raised an eyebrow.
“You are the world’s villain, Licorn.”
“Geuk, that’s why I like you. I thought I could make a lot of money working with you from the start.”
“Get out, Electric Monster.”
Electricity flowed through the lichen’s body, and the figure evaporated in an instant with a gripping sound.
“Then shall we begin soon?”
After confirming that the Istas structure had stopped operating, Fermi left the warehouse.
It was time to cast the stop magic.
* * *
“The position of the structure has changed.”
Shirone, who arrived at Estas with Anchal, muttered with a serious expression.
It wasn’t just a change, but the key was that it was a structure that I had seen somewhere.
‘It’s the structure when the Guffin’s door was opened.’
“Looks like Fermi is already in.”
Anchal looked closely at Istas and then turned to Shirone.
“Are you ready? Once you step in, you may never come back.”
Shirone swallowed and nodded.
“good. Then let us begin.”
The warehouse door opened, and the two slowly entered.
This is an event that actually existed 19 years ago, but has been erased from the memory of everyone in the world.
It is a record of 2 hours and 48 minutes.
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 591 - Events of the Day (2).txt
===============================
[591] Event of the day (2)
* * *
The stop magic was cast, and an event manifested in the form of a specific structure in Istas surfaced.
<event coordinates>
Time: 00:00.
Space: Warehouse #72 in Estas.
A woman entered through the door from inside the Eastas, which was reproduced as it was 19 years ago.
It was a labyrinth with a look not much different from now, and she was holding a newborn child in her arms.
She stared down the aisle with a serious expression as if carrying all the burdens of the world, then turned around and asked.
“How much time do I have?”
“… … .”
The reason someone spoke outside the door but no sound came through meant that he was outside the case.
“don’t worry. You will surely succeed.”
Miro made a promise to him.
“If you don’t come back in time, just close the time. I won’t regret it.”
She stood for a long time, as if someone outside the door was having a very long talk, then nodded and turned away.
“Yolga.”
Those were the last words she uttered as she left the warehouse #72 of Estas, three minutes after the incident began.
<event coordinates>
Time: 2 hours 42 minutes.
Space: Warehouse #72 in Estas.
Opening the door of Warehouse 72, Shirone and Anchal took their first steps in Estas.
It’s a familiar sight now, but today I was so excited that my heart burst.
“Whoa.”
After taking a deep breath, Shirone looked back at her eyesight and asked.
“By the way, who cast the stop spell? Unless Armin is here.”
“It must be Fermi’s eating out. The events of the upper levels are hidden in one coordinate in space and time. Stop time and it will appear separated by time and space.”
To them, it is an event that plays like reality, but to the people outside, everything here is fleeting.
“If we cast the Poetry Buddha statue bombing here… … .”
Before Shirone could finish his words, Anchal grabbed his wrist and pulled him.
“behind.”
When they clung to the wall and performed Jincheon magic, an illusion identical to the wall appeared and covered them.
After a while, the labyrinth, covered in blood all over and with its arms stretched out, entered Warehouse 72.
His steps were heavy with a blank expression, but his eyes were clear.
‘Mr. Miro? What happened?’
Miro suddenly stopped walking, but Anchal calmly watched her.
‘are you okay. There’s no way they’ll get caught.’
The magician’s ability to realize illusions like real ones was a technicalization of the realm of wisdom, and it was not easy to see through even if it was a maze.
“Shirone.”
Shirone’s shoulders flinched at Miro’s call.
“Don’t come. Whatever you are thinking, you should never come here.”
Thinking that she had to talk to Miro, Shirone moved to the wall, but Anchal grabbed her shoulder.
‘Not yet. It’s not good to get entangled in the case from the start.’
Kururrureung!
At that time, Istas vibrated and the position of the structure began to change.
Miro hurriedly turned around and shouted.
“You idiot… … !”
Before he could finish his words, Miro’s figure gradually faded and disappeared like a lie.
The vibration stopped, and Anchal said while canceling the illusion magic.
“The structure of Istas has changed. That means Warehouse 72 is no longer an entrance.”
“You mean that when the space changes, the events change too?”
Anchal nodded.
“The events of the upper classes are records engraved at a specific time and in a specific space. Even if one of the two changes, the incident does not occur. But it will be different in the future. The fact that the warehouse has moved means that it has already taken a different route from the previous case.”
“Who moved the warehouse?”
“It could be Fermi… … .”
Anchal looked back at Shirone.
“Maybe it could be you.”
Shirone did not understand her words.
“But I just came in, haven’t I? How can I move the warehouse?”
“The upper layer is a structure in which time infinitely circulates. In other words, it is not a straight line, but a circle connected to the beginning and end. There is no distinction between past, present and future. We just entered, but it’s possible that you in the future moved Istas for some reason. If not, how could Miro know your name from earlier?”
“ah… … .”
Shirone’s mouth fell open.
“The upper class incident was recorded 19 years ago. Don’t you know your name? Therefore, the maze we saw is a maze in which we have already met you.”
“Did you know that I was there because you heard about me from the future?”
“I can’t pinpoint anything yet. The fact that the case has already taken a different route means that it will continue to be so in the future. It is especially serious that the space has moved.”
“In what sense?”
Anchal cast a welcome magic to create a cube.
“To put it simply, Istas is a kind of cube. And Guffin put a specific incident here. For example… … .”
The cube’s hexahedron was overlaid with a picture that mimics the war that anyone in Tormia knows.
“Let’s say this picture is an upper class incident. It is a simple painting, but it contains many stories depending on the gaze of the observer.”
Shirone realized how Guffin hid events in space and time.
“It’s like a three-dimensional event compressed into two dimensions.”
“that’s right. I took a picture of the incident as it is in this picture. However, we are currently in a situation where we have entered this picture. So you experience a 2D event in 3D. And now, for some reason, Estas has moved.”
As the cubes rotated randomly, the pictures jumbled like a puzzle.
“Mmm.”
“You understand now? It means that all events recorded in a specific time and space have been scattered.”
Anchal pointed to the passage leading to the next warehouse.
“It takes less than a minute to get to Warehouse 14 from here. But there might be a future unfolding an hour later. Or the past an hour ago.”
If space was warped and the timeline was cut, another hypothesis could be established.
“Then what if you turn back time? So, what would happen if I cast the statue of a Buddha here?”
“How wide do you perceive time?”
“About 1 second before and after.”
“In that case, even including all the time in the upper classes, it remains. Actually, this is a two-dimensional event without time. If you cast Shibutsu Blast now, you will experience the events of all times that happened in this space.”
“But you cannot change the space. That’s why I said that I might have moved Istas.”
“That’s right. Fermi is suspicious too, but you are the one who needs to change the space.”
“What kind of necessity is that?”
Unless it was a very serious matter, there was no reason to activate Istas even while preparing to twist the case.
“I have no choice but to go to the engine room. If the case has changed, you will need to know in order to reverse it.”
When Anchal turned toward the engine room, Shirone asked with a surprised expression.
“Did you know the equation of Estas?”
“Don’t underestimate Jincheon Space Agency’s intelligence. Even if it’s top-secret, you can get the blueprint.”
Shirone’s eyes widened.
‘It’s a top secret… … .’
I felt it even before I went to heaven, but it was just a miracle that I was still alive and not dead.
<event coordinates>
Time: 1 hour 17 minutes.
Space: Warehouse #14 in Estas.
As soon as I left the warehouse door, a powerful explosion sounded.
“what?”
The moment she turned her head, the scene of the warehouse covered with blood greeted Shirone.
“Aaaaaaaaa!”
“Follow me! Never miss it!”
Shirone’s eyes widened.
‘That’s the voice at that time!’
When I checked the identity of the voice I heard when I first cast the statue of Buddha in Istas, a man wearing a claw curved like an eagle’s claw on his wrist was chasing Miro.
“Don’t be offended! My opponent is the strongest banya!”
It was a maze of running while looking forward, but there was no blind spot in the field of view of the Thousand Arms Guanyin looking down on the whole world.
“Aaaagh!”
Guanyin’s palm pushed another soldier against the wall, and his body exploded like a fly.
“Report! 1 trillion annihilation! One trillion annihilation!”
“Damn it!”
Leader Rask, who leads the second group, gnashed his teeth and jumped out.
“maze! Give me your neck!”
The gap closed in an instant, and only then did the maze turn around.
“Sheesh!”
As Kannon’s palm erupted in the blink of an eye and aimed at Rask, his claw wielded afterimages.
The field of Kannon bounced off with an explosive roar, and Rask landed on the floor crossing his claws in an X shape.
“Annoying… … .”
Miro glared nervously at the child in her arms, then turned back.
“Chase! Go after the child!”
Mars’ forces quickly passed by Shirone’s side.
Shirone, who was out of breath just watching the battle, let out a sigh of relief.
“At this coordinate, a group of Mars is annihilated. It doesn’t seem like a lot of time has passed since you’re holding a child.”
“It seemed like he was trying to protect the child somehow.”
Otherwise, there would be no reason for someone as powerful as the maze to run away in front of an enemy.
‘That child… … ‘
Shirone recalled what Miro had asked about her parents the night before she left the mountain after training.
-Shirone, maybe I… … .
What was Miro trying to say then?
“I need to check, who the kid is.”
“Then let’s move on to the next room.”
We arrived at room 13 where Miro escaped, but there was no trace of battle.
“The space is correct, but the time zone is different.”
At Anchal’s words, Shirone took out Armand.
When I grabbed the sword and activated the Diamond Arm, an organic robe wrapped around my body and a cybernetic body floated above my head.
“Is that Armand?”
Valhalla Action is currently paying its debts, but other features would greatly increase its odds of survival.
“Somehow, I have to meet Miro now. I’m going to cast a fire pit here.”
If time was perceived differently, the coordinates of Anchal and Shirone would diverge, so there was no reason to be here.
“good. Then I’ll go to the engine room. Check it out and come find me.”
When Shirone, who even confirmed that Anchal was leaving the warehouse, cast a fire on the statue of Buddha, the surrounding scenery began to flicker.
“Huh uh uh uh!”
The whole record of 2 hours and 48 minutes, which is completely different from the existing time of Buddha statue bombing, was flooded.
The sense of the past, present, and future rushing into two dimensions was grotesque, as if looking at the world through a psychedelic lens.
“Big!”
In the midst of the violence of information, Shirone desperately recognized the time Miro was here.
“Aaaaaaa!”
As soon as the statue of Buddha statue disappeared, my head felt like it would break.
<event coordinates>
Time: 1 hour 32 minutes.
Space: Warehouse #13 in Estas.
“Who are you?”
Miro, who was holding the child, turned her back away from the wall.
“Mr. Miro?”
Hurrying to her senses, Shirone flinched and stopped.
The 2nd team of the Mars unit that had pursued her a moment ago were horribly slashed and scattered on the warehouse floor.
‘The battle is over.’
“Who are you asking? If it is Mars, it kills.”
Shirone hurriedly pulled back the hood.
“no! I am a magic school student!”
It was the best answer to reassure Maze.
“student? Didn’t you go out?”
If you’re a student at the Supernatural Psychic Research Society, there’s a good chance that Guffin was in before cutting the timeline.
“I feel sorry for you. It’s a pity, but organize your life. You can’t get out of here.”
Miro, relaxed, sat down again with his back against the wall.
Shirone approached, looking at the child still asleep with a peaceful face in her arms.
“no. I’m here to see Mr. Miro.”
“me?”
Miro, with a tired face, turned his head.
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 592 - Events of the Day (3) 1.txt
===============================
[592] Event of the day (3)
“Do you know me?”
Shirone asked.
“What are you talking about? How do I know you?”
After all, Miro, whom he found upon entering Estas for the first time, must have met Shirone.
“I don’t know how to explain it… … .”
It was true.
“I know Miro. Because he fought alongside Mr. Miro and learned a lot from Mr. Miro.”
Miro’s face, which blinked for a moment, soon became serious.
“You succeeded.”
It was the Guffin’s command.
“Then how long after the closing time did you come?”
“Nineteen years.”
It was an encounter with a boy from the future 19 years later.
What will happen to her fate, whether she is living happily, and what happened to the final war? Shirone recalled the imaginary questions Miro would ask and prepared answers in advance.
But what I heard was a harsh voice.
“Why did you come here?”
“yes?”
“If the mission was successful, the incident should have been buried, whether it was destroying Istas or whatever. Why did you come back?”
“Hey, that… … .”
The frustrated maze added.
“You really didn’t know where this place was and came in? An infinite cycle of time. The case must have been twisted because you came in! How will you take responsibility?”
As Shirone stood there blankly at a loss for words, Miro, who had been rolling her head, asked again.
“Are you Fermini?”
Such misunderstanding was a specification.
“no. I am Shirone.”
Shirone?
Miro frowned.
“Hmm. Shirone.”
It was the first name I had ever heard, no matter how much I remembered.
“Anyway, don’t do anything from now on. I mean stay out of the case as much as possible.”
“I can’t. The reason I came here… … .”
“I don’t need a reason. Just prepare for the end of life. After all, if ‘Hexa’ dies, this world will end.”
“What is Hexa?”
Miro pointed to the child in her arms.
“this child. Guffin is thinking of getting Hexa out of cosmic initialization. okay? If Hexa disappears, the human named Anke will be destroyed.”
Departure from cosmic initialization.
“Does that mean it won’t go away when you reset it?”
As soon as I dug into the core, Miro wondered for a moment, but immediately agreed.
‘Well, there’s no such thing as coincidence.’
The probability that someone without that much information would infiltrate the upper floors 19 years later converged to zero.
“okay. Only Hexa can survive Ra’s reset. So make your sacrifice Let me complete my mission.”
Shirone swallowed his saliva.
“Maybe, that child might be me.”
“what?”
Miro, who had been staring at her absurdly, stared at Hexa’s face.
“Come to think of it, I think we look alike.”
As you grow up, your appearance changes, but the feeling of the original version does not disappear easily.
“But I don’t know. If you are Hexa, why are you here?”
Shirone was frustrated with the situation of continuing to have a family.
“I might be the son of a guffin.”
“What?”
Miro’s eyes widened.
“So please tell me. What the hell is going on here?”
“haha… … .”
The laughter grew louder and peaked.
“Ha ha ha ha ha!”
It wasn’t just a pleasant feeling, so Shirone was embarrassed and angry.
“Why are you laughing?”
“Are you the son of a guffin? No, it can never be.”
“How does Miro know that? Did you even ask the guffin yourself?”
“No, that… … .”
Miro laughed again as if it was absurd, then continued.
“You don’t even have to ask. There’s absolutely no way you’re a Guffin’s son.”
“So how can you be sure of that?”
Shirone’s voice rose, but Miro’s expression was rather absurd.
“You really don’t know? Guffin is the world’s most famous wizard. I mean, no one knows that.”
“How could that be the reason?”
When Shirone finally raised her voice, Miro also shouted in frustration.
“you idiot! Guffins don’t look like us!”
Silence passed.
“… … yes?”
Shirone’s face darkened.
“Like us… … didn’t happen?”
Only then did Miro suddenly realize.
“Ah, could it be that it was erased?”
In Shirone’s time frame, no one could accurately recall Guffin’s appearance.
“Sorry. I didn’t care until there. I’ve never experienced an expungement yet. After all, you are not a child of a guffin. It looks completely different.”
“You mean not human?”
Miro was seriously troubled.
When a first-of-its-kind intellectual species appeared, which species to incorporate into was a matter of compromise between the person concerned and the members of society.
“human… … easy. First of all, it has all the characteristics of a human being, and even the Guffins claim to be human.”
That’s why Guffin is defending mankind against Heaven.
“But he is of the ancient Gaian race. I guess it’s a bit too much to say that you’re a child… … .”
Shirone knew this, but he hadn’t heard anything about Gaiain’s appearance.
“Then what does a guffin look like?”
Miro clicked his chin.
“Hmm, it might surprise you at first glance, but should I say bizarre? So, the face… … .”
Miro’s eyes shook in shock as he contemplated the shape of the guffin.
“I can’t remember.”
“yes?”
Miro looked at Hexa instead of answering.
He was still asleep in his arms, but the sense of reality was gradually fading.
“It’s a big deal! The case is twisted! Hexa died in the later time frame!”
Because the beginning and the end are linked, Hexa’s death can affect the current Hexa.
“uh? uh huh?”
Shirone raised both hands with a bewildered expression.
As Hexa’s presence faded, Shirone’s body was gradually blurring.
“Why is this like this?”
This has been clearly proven.
“Hexa. Are you really Hexa?”
If Hexa dies, Shirone cannot exist.
Furthermore, the disappearance of Guffin’s memory means that the closed curve of time has opened.
In other words, it meant that she would face the Guffin erasure without completing the Guffin’s command.
“no!”
Miro jumped up and pulled Shirone by the collar.
“Get out of these coordinates right now!”
I don’t know what kind of future will unfold, but the only way to live is to create variables.
“but… … Where are you going?”
“Guffin’s door! come over there! I’ll fix the hexa there! Only that case must be defended!”
Shirone nodded in succession.
“hurry! I do not have time!”
As soon as Miro left the room, Shirone also cast a firework blast.
“Aww!”
My head was about to break again, and the huge events were recognized as a whole.
“Heo-eok! Huh!”
The space remains the same, but in a completely different time frame, Shirone fell forward and gasped for breath.
lived
The presence of the body was reviving again.
‘Why did Miro’s mission fail?’
It was the first thought I had.
‘I just met Maze.’
However, he had never harmed Miro and had no intention of doing so.
The only guess is… … .
‘Because I asked about guffins.’
Curiosity about guffins made things go wrong.
‘So, as a result of my future self’s obsession with Guffin, Mr. Miro failed in his mission?’
The mission failure was none other than the death of Hexa.
‘I have to go to the Supernatural Psychic Research Society!’
It was the place where the Maze said of the Guffin’s Gate.
‘Please don’t be late.’
After checking the warehouse mark, Shirone ran in the opposite direction of the maze.
<event coordinates>
Time: 00:53.
Space: Warehouse #65 in Estas.
“Keugh.”
Only corpses remained in the place where the maze had swept away.
“Damn it girl.”
The only survivor is Lu Kang, an assassin from the 1st team on Mars.
Even at the young age of 23, he was recognized for his swordsmanship and excellent judgment, and was a talented person who entered Mars, the secret unit of the kingdom of Tormia.
“I thought it was on the side of life.”
It was a dangerous job, but I was confident that I would do well, and the future was bright.
‘This is just telling me to go and die.’
All 42 members of the Mars crew wrote a suicide note before coming here.
It was a kind of death certificate, not because he might die, but knowing he would never come back.
‘What is patriotism?’
I honestly didn’t want to.
I wanted to shout that I would take off my Mars badge and quit right away, that I would return to my hometown.
‘What’s the use of honor if I die?’
But no one did, and in the end everyone is dying.
Even if I had refused the mission, I would have died anyway, but if I was going to die like this, I thought I would at least struggle to save face.
“Kick-kick-kick! A F*cking world.”
When Lu Kang put his hands on the ground and stepped back, only his lower body, which had been crushed from the bottom of his pelvis, remained in place.
‘How to defeat the monster?’
If Miro didn’t pay attention to the child, his body would have already turned into rats like his colleagues.
‘There is a limit to enduring with the schema.’
As he lost his strength, blood flowed down his intestines.
“Is it over… … .”
Just when the focus was off, the door opened and a group of people entered.
<event coordinates>
Time: 1:01.
Space: Warehouse #65 in Estas.
“uh? A survivor… … .”
Behind the petite woman stood two men and a slender woman with strong prayers just by looking at them.
“Yolga.”
Lu Kang lifted his head with difficulty and looked at her.
His dark brown hair curved gently and covered his forehead, and his face was clear and transparent.
She was small in stature, but she was an outstanding beauty.
“Damn it!”
Lukang contorted his face like a demon.
At most, Yoga and her colleagues can survive against the transhuman monster Miro.
What do you mean when Mars dies, the peephole doesn’t shine, and now it appears?
“are you okay? You are seriously injured.”
Yolga flipped over the hood and approached.
“Are you seriously hurt? Does this look like an injury? it’s all because of you An abomination.”
“Quench your excitement. Dangerous.”
“You die anyway. Everyone dies because of you.”
Yoga kept her mouth shut.
“I know. If you hadn’t seduced the king, Mars wouldn’t have been dispatched.”
“sorry. But we still need Guffins. It is still too much to stand against the army of Heaven.”
“shut up! What does the army of heaven have to do with it! I look like I’m going to die, but what’s all that about!”
“I’m sorry.”
Lukang, glaring at Yoga lowering his head, collected blood in his mouth.
“Two!”
And spit in her face.
“You bastard!”
Edgar, who stood two meters tall, standing behind Yoga, approached, waving his mechanical arm.
“Don’t you have any convictions? Are you that afraid of dying?”
“I just feel sorry for being killed. From the beginning, we were not Miro’s opponents. You must have needed a meat shield.”
“I don’t have much left in my life, but I’ll end it now.”
As Edgar approached, clashing steel fists, Yoga raised a hand to stop him from approaching.
“If you have a will, do it. I will tell you.”
“Hey, you can’t go back anyway. It’s over.”
The sullen Lukang thought for a moment and then laughed.
“If you want to repent that much, why don’t you kiss me? It killed me from the first time I saw it.”
“… … .”
“Oh, did I say married woman? It doesn’t matter, what if you’re going to die anyway? Oops, come to think of it, didn’t I have a lower body?”
Lukang felt better as Yoga’s comrades saw a terrifying murder.
“Hehe, you guys too… … .”
Then Yoga slowly showed her face.
“I am really sorry.”
She grabbed Lu Kang’s face and delivered a deep kiss.
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 593 - Events of the day (4) 1.txt
===============================
[593] Event of the day (4)
“Huh!”
Lukang’s eyes widened at the unexpected situation.
On the other hand, the faces of his colleagues became calm again.
‘Yolga… … .’
Yoga is a good person.
“If you want… … .”
Yoga brought Lukang’s hand to her chest, but his hand couldn’t bear to touch her body.
“What, what are you doing? Aren’t you sorry for her husband?”
Lukang hurriedly parted his lips and looked at Yoga’s face with a dazed expression.
My mind went blank when I saw her shed tears with a face that contained all the sorrow in the world.
“I’m really sorry.”
Yoga is such a good person.
‘Invincible.’
Edgar looked down at Yolga’s back with a feeling of wonder.
If Miro has a dehumanized determination to achieve a goal, Yoga has a grotesquely abnormal benevolence.
‘It’s also the reason we gave our lives to Yolgha.’
That’s why they were willing to come into the upper floors of Istas.
Lukang’s face, which had been staring blankly at Yolgah, turned into a tear-stained face.
“crime… … .”
A voice that had reached death leaked out.
“sorry. I am really sorry.”
Yoga doesn’t count emotions.
“are you okay. It’s all my fault. Resent me.”
That’s why you can embrace all ugliness.
‘Absolute sincerity. Can a human without the slightest pretense really exist?’
It was a woman named Yoga.
Lu Kang breathed his last breath as he continued to apologise.
It was a beautiful sight at first glance, but his colleagues knew the taste of his tears.
Neither tears of repentance, nor repentance for spitting on Yolgah.
‘If evil terrifies people beyond human courage, then extreme goodness is also fear.’
Lu Kang was fed up with the fear conveyed by the apparently pure Zen.
“Yolga, here.”
Mustang, her friend and colleague, handed her a perfumed handkerchief.
“thank you.”
After wiping the spittle from her face, Yoga put on her hood halfway down and stood up.
“Let’s go. We have to find the maze.”
Prosecutor Nine said.
“Convincing Miro failed just a moment ago. If we meet again, we have no choice but to fight.”
“… … I can’t.”
A promise was written on Yoga’s face.
“But I will convince you to the end. Miro is my younger sister.”
“… … .”
The reason why his colleagues keep quiet is that Miro, like Yoga, is a human with a clear identity.
“Let’s go. before the closed curve of time completely closes.”
At that time, the warehouse door was thrown open, and the colleagues simultaneously took a combat posture.
However, his expression soon became blank, and among them, Mustang raised his hand on his slim waist and asked.
“What are you?”
Shirone, who was frantically heading to the study group, also stopped when he saw Yoga and the others.
“You guys… … .”
If you are on Mars, you will have to prepare for battle.
“We are not enemies.”
Fortunately, Yoga approached first, revealing no hostility.
She was a woman so beautiful that her heart was pounding, but there was an eerie feeling on the other side of her brain.
‘It looks nice, but something is strange.’
I’ve met many sages so far, but this is the first time I’ve felt like this.
“nice to meet you. My name is Yoga.”
She was Fermi’s mother.
‘This person is Yolga.’
Shirone recalled Anchal’s words.
A person who mobilized to stop the maze, against the fact that Guffin was preparing a successor and leaving.
‘Except for his height, he really resembles Fermi.’
Is it possible to be divided into such polar opposites even though they have the same tendency?
Even the good smile that sent chills down the spine reminded me of Fermi.
“Who are you?”
“ah.”
Shirone realized that he had taken too long and took Yolgas hand.
“My name is Shirone.”
Upon hearing the name for the first time, Yolgha tilted her head in interest.
I couldn’t help but be excited because there wasn’t that much difference from Shirone in terms of my current physical age.
‘What am I thinking.’
Not a friend, but not Fermi’s mother.
“Yes, Shirone. How did you get here?”
It was only then that Shirone realized that Yoga was still looking at the core.
He was so naive that he even forgot the current situation.
‘Let’s calm down.’
In any case, it was a matter of caution from now on.
It was because now that he realized that Hexa was himself, Yoga and his party were also enemies seeking his life.
“You have something to hide. are you okay. Won’t you tell me?”
‘What is this person?’
It smelled like maze.
“You know me. but i don’t know you Maybe it’s someone from the future. If the closed curve of time had reopened.”
Even though he hadn’t said a word yet, Yolgha continued to get to the point.
It was as if her voice had become a drill and engulfed my mind.
“are you okay. I’m not asking to hurt you. But if you really came from the future, I want to ask you one thing.”
Upon meeting Yolga’s gaze for the first time, Shirone realized one thing with a thrill running through her heart.
‘I see. This person is also beyond the human category.’
Yoga asked.
“Will I die here?”
Shirone didn’t know how long she had been silent, but faced with the fact that she couldn’t hide it forever.
“yes.”
Only that was true.
“It is not known about the death of a person named Yolgha, but you are certainly not in my future.”
“okay. In other words, the maze eventually makes it.”
Contrary to expectations, Yolgha was not disappointed.
He wondered how he could remain so calm after knowing his own death, but Shirone had more important things to do than that.
“Can you stop it like this?”
Yoga got out of his mind.
“What does it mean to stop?”
“Miro will save this world in the future. It’s not a perfect victory, but she was right.”
Regardless of Hexa’s death, Shirone told the truth.
Unlike Yoga, who nodded in agreement, Mustang’s face turned red.
“Hmph, that’s just Miro’s future. Yoga might end the war with Heaven.”
Edgar’s and Nine’s eyes showed the same emotion.
‘Guffins are absolutely necessary, but even if they leave, the savior must be Yolgah.’
If it were Yoga, he would surely be able to achieve the great unification of mankind and fight Heaven with all his might.
This is because she is the lumberjack with the qualities to become the king of the world unprecedented in human history.
“Okay, Shirone.”
Because Yolga was a good person, he did not hate Shirone.
“Nevertheless, there must be a special reason why you came here. Is the world in danger again?”
It’s not an exact answer, but as expected, Yoga’s insight was extraordinary.
“I cannot answer that.”
If Yoga, realizing the future, actively steps forward, events in the upper echelon will get out of control.
“Do not worry. Death is something that has already been resolved. Instead, let me ask you a favor. Please take me to the labyrinth.”
“Mr. Miro?”
“yes. And you’re comparing me to Maze. Who should remain for this world?”
“But I don’t deserve it.”
“no. You are from the future. Also, if you think you need Maze more than me… … .”
Yoga always speaks the truth.
“I will kill myself.”
“Yolga! What do you mean!”
Her colleagues shouted in unison, but she stood firm.
“It’s not like I wasn’t prepared when I came here. We still need Guffin. And she’s Miro’s little sister I love. If Miro becomes her heir, she will suffer for everyone she loves.”
The fact that all members of the family except Miro were secretly slaughtered was no longer a secret after 19 years.
“how is it? Can you make the hard decisions for this world?”
“I am… … .”
Shirone hesitated.
Hexa’s life is in danger, so it’s right to refuse, but as long as she’s talking to Yolgah, it feels like even her life won’t matter.
‘Yolga is sincere.’
Not even 99.99%, but 100% sincerity had the power to touch people’s heartstrings.
“all right. I will judge.”
I thought maybe having a choice might be a much better thing for Hexa’s future.
“Where is the maze?”
“I know.”
It will be at the Supernatural Psychic Research Society.
No one could know how events would turn out, but it was clear that Miro would definitely come there.
<event coordinates>
Time: 00:32.
Space: Warehouse #71 in Estas.
“Search all over! All scattered!”
Following the instructions of Nickel, the captain of Mars, the troops from 1st to 4th were divided like water.
“damn! We are the most dangerous!”
The leader of Article 1 was dissatisfied with that.
It was advertised as the best, but in the end, everyone knew that Team 1 was a sword holder.
“Gather again on the second floor!”
The 7 members scattered, and Lukang also turned to the west, where he was supposed to be in charge.
“what?”
The moment I parted ways with my colleagues and went to the next warehouse, a licorn appeared out of nowhere with a black mask covering its face.
‘Is it an enemy?’
Lukang reflexively swung his main weapon, the chain scythe, and the lichen moved to the side in an instant with a crackling sound.
‘It’s a wizard. electrical series. Who is it?’
The skill was quite good.
Lu Kang, who immediately took a standstill, swung the chain and raised the scythe obliquely.
“Reveal your identity.”
‘Damn it, what happened?’
Lichen grew annoyed.
The structure of Istas began to change at some point when <The Last Scream of the Jaeger Family> had to be put in the safe of the warehouse designated by Fermi.
‘It’s not profitable to fight these things.’
I had never heard of the unit called Mars, but it was clear from Fermi’s story that they were the best in the kingdom.
‘then… … .’
Lichen took out the dagger worn on her waist.
Lu Kang’s eyes sparkled when he saw the silver blade holding electricity.
‘He’s an assassin.’
An assassin who uses magic.
“bouncer.”
Lu Kang is also not that old, but he is a talented person who has never been left behind in terms of talent since he was young.
The spine-chilling attack continued as the two men, each with their own organs, collided head-on.
The chain scythe changed its trajectory according to nature, and the warehouse flashed with lightning from the lichen.
In a state of energy saturation that was about to explode at any moment, the lichen’s dagger flew and hit the wall.
Lukang, who activated the sensory function of the schema to the maximum, caught the tail of the licen with an exquisite movement.
‘It’s over.’
A slash that fit the standard, without an inch of error, flew aiming at the back of the lichen’s neck.
‘It’s definitely a great skill. but… … .’
The corners of the lips on the inside of the lichen’s mask twitched.
‘It’s too old-fashioned.’
Originally, it was a blow to the point of not being able to react, but if it was a standard assassin 19 years ago, it was something I had learned from the time I grew up with Licorn.
He lowered his head without even looking back, and Lukang’s scythe grazed the back of his head.
‘Eat this.’
All the daggers that responded to the lichen’s current were pulled out and rushed towards Lukang.
The warehouse shook from the explosion of lightning, and Lukang wrinkled his nose in the rising smoke.
“Unlike a skill… … .”
It was after the appearance of the licorn had already disappeared.
“damn! You’re late for the call-up time!”
Other colleagues should have already searched the dedicated area and arrived on the second floor.
However, Lu Kang did not yet know that this 15-minute delay due to the battle with Liken saved his life as a result.
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 594 - Cube of Time (1).txt
===============================
[594] Time Cube (1)
<event coordinates>
Time: 1 hour 57 minutes.
Space: Warehouse #9 in Estas.
‘No one has come yet.’
Anchal, who looked inside, sat down on the control device of Istas and flicked his feet nervously.
It was said that if time circulated infinitely, the person who operated the engine device would also come here again.
“this!”
Ahnchal, who had thought that far, realized one overlooked fact.
If the current incident in this room was already in the time zone when Istas was moved, no one would visit this place.
‘Because the case has already been twisted.’
Anchal, who thought he needed to be checked, strode toward the doorway, but Shirone opened the door roughly and entered.
“Shirone?”
“Anchal!”
Shirone ran as soon as he saw her.
“Are you still waiting here?”
“No, we have arrived. What happened?”
Shirone bit her lip and walked to the controls.
“Failed. Cases keep changing and I can’t stop it.”
“What are you talking about?”
Anchal, who had come to this place after breaking up with Shirone, did not understand anything.
“damn! What can I do? What should I do… … .”
The act of operating the engine device without hesitation was not something he had done once or twice.
When Istas vibrated, the eyes hurriedly dried up.
“what are you doing? You said it would be dangerous to twist the case.”
“Everyone dies anyway!”
Shirone shouted out loud.
“You have to go back. I… … .”
“Tell me what happened. I haven’t come across any incidents yet.”
Shirone turned her head with a miserable expression.
“My mistake. I didn’t mean to make Yoga meet Miro in the first place.”
“what?”
It was still incomprehensible to Anchal.
* * *
“There it is.”
Shirone consulted Estas’ equation and arrived at the Supernatural Psychic Research Society.
When I opened the door and entered, the gerffin’s door activated by Fermi stood tall.
‘Has Mr. Miro not come yet?’
“Shirone.”
Then Miro’s voice came from outside the door.
<event coordinates>
Time: 1 hour 48 minutes.
Space: Supernatural Psychic Research Society.
Before Syrone could speak, Yoga stepped out.
“Miro, do you really have to go this far? What is there to fight between you and me?”
“You know that the conversation is over, right? If you get in my way again, even unnie will have no choice but to use her hand.”
Yoga’s companions snorted.
“Do we look like hot pants? If you insist, you will die.”
“The crap is gone. I’m talking to Yolgah.”
Edgar’s face turned red at the maze’s provocation, and the mechanical arm reciprocated the cylinder with a roar.
“You want to do it now?”
Edgar jumped out.
“I always didn’t like it! I will kill you right now!”
The moment Miro radiated the incarnation of Kannon, Shirone intervened.
“Get out of the way, kid!”
As Armand’s robes fluttered, the tentacles swung at high speed.
“what!”
Kakakakakang!
Edgar’s mechanical arm covered his body like a shield, causing an afterimage.
It was blocked, but it was pushed to the spot where the 2-meter giant was standing.
“Big!”
The trembling was transmitted through the metal arm.
“Edgar, are you okay?”
Mustang asked without taking his eyes off Shirone.
“That guy is no ordinary bet.”
Shirone drew in her tentacles and said.
“Yolga, you promised.”
“is it so. I will keep my promise.”
Miro snorted.
“Shirone, don’t listen to Yolgah. You will lose yourself.”
On the one hand, Miro’s words were understandable, but if he didn’t do this, he would perish.
“You know. The result is already distorted. If Mr. Miro can convince Mr. Yolga, he will kill himself.”
Only then did Miro’s expression become serious.
It was clear that she was not lying, for she was the one who knew Yoga’s personality better than anyone else.
“Then can I join in too?”
When Shirone turned to the door at the familiar voice, Fermi came in from beside Miro.
“you… … .”
The moment Syrone was about to speak, Yoga asked.
“Who are you?”
It was an instinctive attraction, and even Fermi’s eyes flickered for a moment.
“I am a merchant. Money smells bad here.”
However, he did not reveal his identity.
I didn’t open the upper part of Istas just to have a mother-and-child reunion out of sentimentality.
What really matters is the present and the future, not the past.
He was the one who could most calmly confirm what had happened in this space and this time.
‘Coldly. Calmly.’
“nice to meet you. It’s called Yoga.”
“I am familiar with fame.”
After shaking hands, Fermi said goodbye to Edgar, Nine, and Mustang, whom he called Uncle and Aunt when he was young.
“You look like Fermi.”
Mustang’s murmurs had bones, but Yolgha only smiled.
“You don’t have to talk nonsense.”
Miro said, resolutely widening the distance.
“No deal. If you interfere with our mission, we will kill you.”
“Miro, this is not like you.”
As Yoga approached, the incarnation of Avalokitesvara stretched out dozens of arms to block the approach.
“Yolga, you have to understand me. I’m sorry I came along here, but I still can’t stop.”
“Your actions will eventually lead to ruin for everyone. The Adrias family and the Ardino family.”
Yolgha had already foreseen future events.
“You said there was a reason for that. I’ll follow in Guffin’s footsteps and guard the Wall. That should be enough for now.”
“No reason can precede the result. I’ll take care of it. I don’t know what the problem is, but I’ll fix it.”
“I wouldn’t do this if it was a problem that could be solved.”
“Then speak!”
Yoga exclaimed.
“What is that child? Why does Guffin want to leave? Why doesn’t he tell me?”
“sorry.”
Miro could not tell Yoga.
“Just die.”
The incarnation of Thousand Hands Guanyin swelled up enormously and struck down Yoga.
The floor shook with a bang, and Yoga’s scattered allies drew their weapons.
“Attack the maze!”
“no it’s okay.”
Miro’s eyebrows twitched at Yoga’s voice.
Vanya – Holy Mary.
Yoga, without moving a single step, received the bombardment of the Thousand Arms Guanyin that ignored time and space.
‘This is my mother’s… … .’
Fermi looked up at the incarnation revealed above Yolga.
A beautiful woman with only her face and torso raised her head to the ceiling.
Seeing her eyes closed, tears of blood flowing, and the chain gag tied to her mouth, you could tell how far down she could take the world.
‘it’s annoying.’
Even to Miro, Yoga was a good person.
However, it would not be an exaggeration to say that the incarnation of Saint Mary, who absorbs any shock when encountered as an enemy, is the toughest in the world.
“It’s a maze.”
Yoga said with sincerity.
“Please. Trust my judgment just this once.”
Miro’s expression wrinkled even more as Yoga put her hands on her knees and bowed her head deeply.
“Because of this… … .”
The incarnation of Guanyin became even more gigantic.
‘Sister says no!’
Thousand Hands Guanyin-Strike.
Yoga’s body shook from the violent attacks coming from all sides, and even thicker tears of blood flowed from Saint Mary’s eyes.
“Because I want to see you!”
Nine grabbed his sword and charged toward the maze.
“joy! It’s not like… … .”
Just as Miro was about to strike back, Shirone flew in and struck Nine.
As the four tentacles hit the sword in succession, Nine’s body slammed into the wall.
“Keugh!”
“Breaking promises is unacceptable.”
As if touching a baton, Edgar jumped at Shirone.
“You fool! Miro attacked first!”
The swordsman’s scheme of charging with metal fists was outstanding, and Edgar’s figure disappeared in an instant in front of Shirone’s eyes.
‘I can find Armand!’
When Armand turned around after delivering the image contained in the retinal afterimage, the afterimage of dozens of fists flying at the same time was seen.
Kakakakakang!
He hit the robe, and Edgar’s eyes went wide when the metal exploded.
“What the hell is this!”
Protecting herself with Ringer’s upper, Shirone stepped back and compressed the Photon Cannon.
There was no time to be surprised by the sphere of light that expanded as if it were about to explode.
“Oohhh!”
Edgar swung both arms to deflect the photon cannon, but realized it the moment it hit.
‘Such ignorant… … !’
Light has physical power.
And even with such power that his own arms could be shattered.
Qurrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr!
Edgar’s body pushed up to the wall was hidden by the haze created by the flash of light and disappeared.
“Big!”
Edgar reappeared, completely crouching down, hiding his entire body behind his forearms.
Just by looking at his trembling figure, it was possible to gauge the amount of power that went into him.
‘Edgar was pushed out of power?’
That was Mustang’s impression, but Yoga’s reaction was a little different.
“… … Guffin?”
Miro looked startled and met Yolgha’s eyes.
The outstanding insight was to alternately look at the child Miro held and Shirone, who reminded him of a guffin, and he solved the clue in an instant, and Yoga’s eyes showed anger for the first time.
“Miro, you… … !”
“It was an unavoidable choice.”
“maze!”
At the same time Yoga cried out, Saint Mary’s eyes flashed open and the chains were broken.
Then, two arms protruded from the shoulder, which only had a torso, and started to charge at the incarnation of Kannon.
Vanya-Pajama Maria.
Estas shook as Maria and the incarnation of Kannon collided.
“throw away! That kid is a ticking time bomb!”
“Sister, give up!”
Yolgha is such a good person that he cannot be angry without abandoning himself.
“Everybody back off!”
The moment Nine’s words vomited, the surface of Pa Maria began to boil like lava.
“Explode! I’m going to blow them all up!”
The power of the countless lies that Yoga has accepted wholeheartedly in her life is equal to the intensity of evil in the world.
“sister! no!”
That’s why Yoga came here.
‘It has to be over. That child shouldn’t exist!’
“Shirone!”
Miro threw the hexa and strengthened the incarnation of Kannon to the limit.
“Go through the Guffin’s Gate!”
“Kuk!”
When Shirone stretched out her tentacles to receive Hexa, the child’s body glowed and disappeared.
Transaction of depreciation – reverse teleport.
The highest-grade magic of the photon series that teleports the desired target to oneself.
The person who cast it was none other than Fermi, and Hexa was in his hand.
“Give me the child!”
“Hmm.”
Fermi, who was looking at the child, smiled meaningfully.
“Shirone, is this you?”
Seeing his eyes, Shirone’s heart thumped.
“You, please… … .”
But the madness was short-lived, and he approached Yoga and held out a hexa.
“Well, I guess I need this.”
“ah… … .”
Vanya – Saint Mary.
Yoga’s avatar closed her eyes, her mouth was again gagged with chains, and her arms disappeared from her shoulders.
Yoga, holding Hexa, knelt down.
‘This child… … .’
break the laws of the universe
It is impossible to reach even with extreme insight what it will mean, but the moment humans rely on something more than human, the future disappears.
“Sister, you can’t do that.”
As everyone stared, forgetting the time, Hexa frowned and burst into tears.
Yoga’s sobs were mixed with the child’s cry that spread through the silence.
“How can a child… … .”
Still, Yoga is a good person.
“sister.”
As Miro approached, a sharp chain scythe flew and struck Hexa on the crown.
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 595 - Cube of Time (2) 5.txt
===============================
[595] Time Cube (2)
Yoga’s face turned white as she gazed at the young life that had died in her arms.
“what… … !”
Where everyone turned their heads with shocked faces, Lu Kang was standing with his hand against the wall with one arm crushed.
“you are?”
Yolgah remembered Lukang, but he had a bad temper to the point where he couldn’t believe he was someone he had just seen.
His bloodshot eyes were out of focus, and his whole body was covered in blood.
“Heh, hehehe.”
He spilled his blood and fell over, smearing blood on the wall.
“now… … You can go home.”
“Hexaaaa!”
Miro shouted and ran to retrieve the child’s body, but it was too much to revive it as it was hit straight with a chain scythe.
Shocked, she turned her head, and Shirone also stood there with a pale face.
Hexa is dead.
‘Then what about me?’
When I looked into my palms, I saw that my skin, which was naturally colored, had turned gray.
Die.
The achromatic colors confirmed that, and Shirone staggered with a sense of dizziness.
“Die. porridge… … .”
“Wake!”
Miro ran over and put his hand on Shirone’s shoulder.
“It’s not over yet!”
“But I am dead. I am… … .”
“Listen straight. A closed curve cannot separate cause and effect. In order for the incident that just happened to end, we have to go around the timeline once.”
After hearing that, Shirone suddenly came to his senses.
‘It can change the case.’
“Go and move Estas. You can’t let Yolgah and I meet. okay?”
Shirone immediately nodded and jumped.
Miro, who was watching him walk away, glared at Yolgha.
“Are you satisfied now?”
If you ask me if I’m satisfied, it wasn’t a disappointing result.
Nevertheless, what was questionable was the appearance of Lu Kang.
“Why are you still alive?”
“The incidents are overlapping.”
Mustang said.
“New events are rushing in before the old one cycles through. Proof that space is collapsing.”
It meant that if the case that Lukang didn’t die came in faster than before, Hexa could be the same.
“Nothing is over yet.”
Only then did Yoga look back at the maze with bitter eyes.
* * *
“damn! What happened?”
Lichen went down the stairs to avoid the Martian forces rushing in.
Still, Mars was pervasive throughout the room.
‘It’s completely different from what Fermi said?’
As Estas changed the structure several times, his movement was also complicatedly twisted.
“What is that child?”
When the 4th group of Mars blocked the front, Lichen flew straight into the passage next to it.
‘I want to stick with you, but… … .’
It was meaningless.
Above all, <The Last Scream of the Jaeger Family> was taken.
One-time object.
If even one of them is in danger, the ability of the object will be activated, and in that case, 10 billion gold will be lost before it can be duplicated.
‘This is a pity jar.’
Originally, it was a noble item that saved the life of the owner, but now, it was rather a hindrance to the lichen.
‘Almost there!’
Lichen ran at full speed toward the far end of the corridor.
It was a warehouse with a safe designated by Fermi.
* * *
fail, fail again.
In the complex moving warehouse of Estas, Shirone encountered numerous incidents, but could not reach the space he wanted.
“There! catch!”
“be careful! He is strong!”
Nickel, the captain of Mars, grabbed the longsword, the common weapon of Tormia, and charged.
His skills were top-notch, and each swordsmanship he threw out was flying towards Shirone’s throat.
‘Broad!’
As the curtain of light exploded, the Martian crew retreated an equal distance.
The photon cannon popped out and the flash of the shotgun movement lit up the corridor.
“Got it!”
When Nickel, who had been relentlessly following Shirone, swung the sword, two tentacles grabbed the blade.
“Keugh!”
Then, another two tentacles slammed right into his abdomen.
As Nickel’s eyes widened and blood gushed out of his mouth, the members’ faces turned pale.
“Captain!”
‘It’s time to be like this… … .’
Shirone desperately raised her mental strength.
“No!”
Elysion broke down the boundaries of the Spirit Zone, and the photon cannon’s flashes entangled like a net throughout the hallway.
“Aaaaaagh!”
Shirone, who turned around as if to escape the screams of the crew members, fired the statue of Buddha statue again.
As the timeline changed, the Martian forces disappeared.
“hurry! hurry!”
Shirone had already bypassed space seven times, but the timeline was too complicated, and no matter how he used it, he couldn’t prevent Hexa from dying.
‘The problem is a man with a chain scythe. Miro has definitely succeeded in his mission. It was twisted in an incident I was not aware of.’
As I finished my thoughts, I saw the engine room in the distance.
<event coordinates>
Time: 1 hour 57 minutes.
Space: Warehouse #9 in Estas.
‘It’s over there.’
When I opened the door to the warehouse and went in, an eye mask popped out.
“Shirone?”
“Anchal!”
Shirone looked around and ran to her.
“Are you still waiting here?”
“No, we have arrived. What happened?”
Shirone bit her lip and walked to the controls.
“Failed. Cases keep changing and I can’t stop it.”
“What are you talking about?”
As time passed, Shirone’s heart grew impatient.
When the time of the closed curve circulates one turn, the case of Hexa’s death ends, and at that time, everything was over.
“damn! What can I do? What should I do… … .”
I’ve already activated the device seven times, but I couldn’t jump over Hexa’s death.
‘We have to attach the Supernatural Psychic Research Society to Room 36. Then, if you take a detour through room 11 and go back… … .’
failure.
Mars was already waiting there.
‘Okay, let’s put Room 55 on top. You can take a big detour there. It feels like starting all over again… … .’
Anchal approached and pulled Shirone’s shoulder.
“what are you doing? You said it would be dangerous to twist the case.”
“Everyone dies anyway!”
It was just frustrating for Shirone.
“You have to go back. I… … .”
“Tell me what happened. I haven’t come across any incidents yet.”
“My mistake. I didn’t mean to make Yoga meet Miro in the first place.”
“what?”
“Hexa. that i died Soon I’ll be gone too. You have to keep me alive in it.”
When the operation of Estas stopped, Shirone turned around and said.
“help me! Come this way!”
Anchal still didn’t understand, but it was something he had no choice but to follow.
“Sheesh! What’s going on?”
This is the eighth challenge.
The exact time is impossible to determine, but the intuition that this will be the last chance is stuck in Shirone’s mind.
<event coordinates>
Time: 00:58.
Space: Warehouse #65 in Estas.
As the space twisted and twisted, the events of the closed curve continued to overlap, and Lu Kang was shocked to see himself dying with his lower body crushed.
“What is this?”
Even Lukang, who was leaning against the wall, was surprised.
“Are you dreaming? Keugh!”
Blood poured down Lu Kang’s intestines.
It is clearly his own image, but he could not find the slightest sense of identity in the destroyed form.
‘This is hell.’
Lu Kang realized only one thing.
“You have to leave.”
“uh? A survivor… … .”
The warehouse door opened and Yoga and his companions entered.
“No, I am not a survivor.”
Mustang stopped Yoga.
Lukang, whose lower body was crushed, and another Lukang, whose right arm was crushed, were facing each other.
“How did this happen?”
“The cases are overlapping. It will not be irrelevant to the changes in Istas.”
“Abominable Yolgah!”
The fallen Lukang spat out curse words.
“It’s all because of you! You made us this way!”
Yoga, as always, bowed her head this time.
“I’m sorry. I have nothing to say.”
That’s how Lukang died, and Lukang, whose right arm was crushed, came to Yoga.
“What is this? Why am I dead!”
“… … .”
“Answer me! What the hell did you bring us to such a terrible place!”
I didn’t have the jaw to know that it was Yoga.
However, her insights go through countless times and variables to reach a certain blind result.
“Do you want to get out of here?”
“Stop talking nonsense! I know you can’t get out once you’re in!”
“There is a way.”
Lukang, who was about to attack the judges, stopped walking.
“The way… … Is there?”
After thinking for a moment, Yoga nodded as if she was convinced.
“Due to a certain variable, you escaped from the event of death. So from now on, follow me. and… … .”
Yoga closed her eyes tightly.
Banya-Pa Maria.
“When the opportunity arises, do what you have to do.”
that was pure
<event coordinates>
Time: 1 hour 32 minutes.
Space: Warehouse #13 in Estas.
‘Finally arrived!’
When I opened the warehouse door and entered, Miro, who had wiped out the Mars troops, was holding Hexa and gasping for breath.
“What are you?”
It was a maze that raised alertness, but Shirone didn’t have time to explain everything.
“It’s too long to talk about! We have to go now!”
“What are you talking about?”
“Guppin’s door! If it doesn’t arrive faster than any other event, Hexa will die!”
She was already questioning the fading presence of Hexa.
“It was you! Why the hell did you come to Estas? Do you not know where this is?”
Anchal said.
“No, you came in. The situation is serious. We come from a world that has already experienced three resets. I need information from the upper echelons.”
Miro immediately understood.
“Enough! Guide me quickly! I do not have time!”
Shirone immediately turned around and ran towards the supernatural and psychic science research group, accompanied by Miro and an eye patch.
The road was fast because he manipulated the warehouse.
Also, thanks to numerous incidents, I was able to bypass the Mars unit.
‘The action now will twist the case again.’
According to the previous case, more battles would have to be fought before Miro reached the Supernatural Psychic Research Society, but by avoiding it through Shirone’s guidance, the incident itself changed again.
“Arrived!”
<event coordinates>
Time: 1 hour 40 minutes.
Space: Supernatural Psychic Research Society.
Shirone, who arrived 8 minutes earlier than the previous incident, looked around.
Because he couldn’t undo the incident of meeting Yoga, somehow Yoga is bound to arrive here.
However, because the current time was pulled, he was able to prevent contact with the maze.
‘done. Success!’
He said while looking at the Guffin’s door where the labyrinth entered the research circuit was activated.
“From now on, I will go to another space through the dimensional door.”
Miro hugged Hexa even tighter.
“What is in the other space?”
“Sacrifices. It’s okay to be a scapegoat.”
I had no intention of making excuses.
That is Guffin’s will.
“To save the world, someone has to sacrifice. And beyond this gate lies the victim of cosmic resetting.”
This was the reason why Miro couldn’t tell Yoga the truth.
‘This is something Yoga could never do. I have to do it.’
Only individuals can sacrifice for the sake of the whole.
If the mission succeeds, the day’s events will be completely forgotten, but her life will unfold in a way that will cost her anyway.
Miro looked back at Shirone in front of the door.
“Are you Hexa?”
The proof was that Shirone’s body was changing into a transparent state as time passed.
“yes.”
“Would you like to see for yourself? You deserve it.”
“I will go too.”
When Anchal said, Miro nodded as if it didn’t matter and headed for the Guffin’s door.
As the maze passed through the light barrier and disappeared, Shirone took a look at the temple and pushed herself through the Guffin’s door.
The retina is filled with white light, and the scene of the night unfolds… … I could hear the birds chirping in the distance.
<event coordinates>
time: break away.
Space: Shirone’s house, stable.
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 596 - Cube of Time (3) 1.txt
===============================
[596] Time Cube (3)
The old woman with a hunched back ran on a rough mountain road.
Although he was 82 years old, he could not stop walking with the fate of the kingdom in his arms.
‘Prince, you must survive.’
The first prince of Kazura Kingdom.
It was abandoned to escape the invasion of the Yakma Republic, but the day would come when it would return to Khazra and sit on the throne.
‘Wherever there are people… … .’
The place to hide the prince had to be inexplicable even to her, and she finally found a hunter’s hut.
“That… … ?”
Seeing the old woman open the stable door and enter, Shirone hurriedly held her breath.
You wouldn’t be able to notice it because the middle heaven system of the eye temple was activated, but when it came right in front of your eyes, your heart beat wildly.
“Prince, please preserve the jade body.”
After putting the child down, the old woman put her hands together and prayed briefly before leaving the stable.
“Who is this child?”
Miro said.
“The first prince of Kazra Kingdom, the son of Orkamp IV and Eliza.”
Shirone knew Kazura’s situation better than anyone else, having been invited directly to the royal palace and went through all sorts of hardships.
“But this is our house.”
“If you were Hexa, that would be the case. And from now on, I will swap you with the Prince of Kazura.”
“I beg your pardon?”
Placing Hexa here meant that the prince of Kazra, who should have been here originally, would go to the upper levels.
“Why should I? You can grow both together. No, before that, how did you know that the prince was coming here?”
“There’s no way to know, until you’ve experienced it beforehand.”
After confirming that the old woman’s footprints disappeared by themselves, Shirone realized.
“reset?”
“okay. Initialization is already in progress. It’s just that we can watch it because the guffin separated the time of the upper levels from the original time.”
Anchal said.
“The inflection point before and after the reset. You inserted the incident of switching children into the coordinates of that moment and connected them.”
“Exactly. So no one can access it. Except for the upper floors of Eastas.”
Miro, who had put down Hexa, was about to embrace the prince left behind by the old woman, but Shirone put her hand on her shoulder.
“I haven’t heard back yet. Why should I take him?”
“Because it shouldn’t exist. According to Guffin, Hexa is a creature that has taken all measures to ensure that it is not used by any factor, let alone the reset of Ankera.”
His body trembled as he recalled Behemoth, now assimilated with his incarnation.
“But not this kid. If you leave it like this, you will be used.”
“I can’t admit it.”
Shirone’s breathing became rough.
“If I survived because of someone’s sacrifice… … What the hell is my life going to be?”
Yoga probably thinks the same.
‘It’s something a sister would never do.’
That’s why you have to do it yourself.
“Shirone.”
Miro took the prince in her arms.
“It’s not killing. You will stay in the upper floors of Estas.”
“That’s it! You have to live repeating a short time forever! This child who does not know reason, language, or even the existence of the world!”
“I guess so.”
Miro does not turn a blind eye to reality.
“If there was a better way, I would have done it. Guffin’s final conclusion is this, and humanity must make a choice. I also made a choice, and will forever be trapped in the walls of time and space.”
Shirone thought it was not worth responding to.
“Anchal, release the illusion magic.”
The eyes didn’t move, and Miro got angry.
“Shirone! Think rationally!”
“How can you think more rationally here?”
“You know what happens when Anchera freely triggers Reset? Our future is gone! All human beings lose their free will and move according to Ankera’s design!”
This time, Shirone couldn’t help but be terrified.
Any dictator could rule over humans, but even under such a dictator there would be at least some degree of freedom of resistance.
However, in a world ruled by Ankera, even time was robbed and she had to live as his doll forever.
“If Anchera’s weakness disappears, humans won’t even die! I’ll reset it and get rid of the cause!”
Perhaps that is the power of God.
“Do you want a future like that? Do you want a life where you can no longer decide on progress, progress, or even regression? The moment he becomes a god, humans lose their value as creatures!”
Shirone’s eyes grew cold again.
“It could be. But that choice is also ours. Not Guffin, but all of us.”
Miro reacted sensitively.
“Don’t talk like Yolgah.”
“What’s wrong with that? now i get it Mars may be different, but at least Yoga is here to stop Mr. Miro. Because he has dangerous thoughts.”
“Dangerous idea?”
“You don’t have a choice. How is this different from Ankera?”
“It’s sophistry. That’s why I’m willing to sacrifice.”
“Then why is Mr. Miro making sacrifices!”
“Because I am human! Humans are a species that cannot move forward without someone’s sacrifice! You too were born to sacrifice, so why can’t you understand!”
“sacrifice?”
When Shirone asked back, Miro bit her lip.
“If you truly feel sorry for this child, humbly accept the sacrifice.”
“I do not understand.”
Miro sighed.
“Do you know why you have to be free from Anchera’s Reset? It is to make the dimensional door perfect.”
“So what do you mean by that?”
“… … To be honest, I was confused when I found out you were Hexa. Because Hexa is a life form that should be the material for the dimensional barrier I will make.”
Shirone murmured while Anchal crossed his arms and listened.
“ingredient… … .”
“Guffin is leaving. And I will build a dimensional barrier in his place. However, if it is an angel’s ability, it will inevitably break through someday. So the countermeasure I came up with is you, Hexa.”
After hearing that, Shirone remembered the first time he met her in the maze of time and space.
“no way… … .”
“It is to create another dimension in the world of the dimension I created. You, who are not affected by the reset. Then not even angels, not even Anchera, will be able to penetrate the dimensional wall. Also, humans will survive forever.”
It creates another dimension within a dimension and digs into it endlessly.
A completely flawless gap is created, which is completely different in concept from the experience of samadhi that Miro tried alone.
“It’s infinite because it’s two. I can’t do it alone.”
“But I am here.”
Miro was also suspicious about that.
“I honestly don’t know, why you still exist in this world.”
“Because Mr. Miro sent me.”
“no. It can’t be. I assure you, I will definitely put you in my barrier. Because it has to be.”
“But it is true.”
With the evidence from 19 years in front of me, there was no way to refute it.
‘I can not understand. If Hexa hadn’t built a barrier, how could the world still exist?’
It was before Gaold had abandoned God.
“Anyway, the threat hasn’t gone away. That’s probably why you entered the upper class as well. If you’re willing to sacrifice in this child’s place, I’d rather be a victim of my barrier.”
It was a cold tone, so it was maze-like, but… … .
-Let’s keep in touch.
Remembering what she said the night before they parted ways after training, Shirone opened her mouth.
“I can’t accept it. The Miro I know would not have made such a choice.”
“No, I know me. Possibility to change your mind… … .”
“Eung-aeng. Ugh.”
Miro’s gaze was shaken as if shocked by the sudden sound of a child’s cry.
‘Hexa… … .’
It was the same with Shirone.
A sad story that can only be told through crying.
The story brought to the surface a fact that everyone had forgotten until now.
‘This child is also a living being.’
“Who is it, the one who makes noise at night!”
Hearing Vincent’s voice, Shirone raised her head startled.
“A rotten bastard! I’ll cut you up!”
Vincent opened the door and entered, looking unimaginably young, and tears welled up in Shirone’s eyes.
Upon discovering the newborn child, Vincent hurriedly hid the ax behind him and approached cautiously.
“Eung-aeng. Ugh.”
“father! Abandon that child!”
Shirone knocked on the barrier of the middle heaven and shouted, but the welcome magic of Ahn-chal borrowed the power of the spirit eye was strong.
“father! Not that kid! The father’s son… … !”
He should have been the prince of Kazra.
‘I’m not. The prince should have lived.’
It should have been a life where Vincent and Olina grew up lovingly under good adoptive parents and returned to the royal castle.
“who is this! who’s kidding! Abandoning a child, you rotten bastard! Come out quickly!”
“father… … .”
were such parents.
“You really threw it away! No more chances! Just appear in front of me! I’ll turn your face into rice cake!”
Shirone could no longer tell her to abandon herself.
Because you cannot deny even the lives of those who gave their all to raise their son.
“Honey, what’s going on?”
Surprised Olina opened the stable door and entered, Vincent’s trembling hands held the child up.
“What is that child?”
At Vincent’s words that continued, Shirone eventually cried.
“that is… … It must be our child.”
<event coordinates>
Time: 1 hour 48 minutes.
Space: Supernatural Psychic Research Society.
Among the countless overlapping events, an incident occurred in which Mars troops found Lu Kang’s body.
“Death confirmed.”
Nickel, the captain of Mars, paid more attention to the child who had fallen where the scythe fell than to the death of his subordinate.
“You died instantly. It must be the child Miro was carrying.”
“You did it.”
Only then did Nickel’s gaze turn to Lukang.
“Mission accomplished. Guffin won’t be able to leave as long as the child is dead.”
“no. We still have one final mission left.”
Nickel’s eyes flashed.
“Find Yolgah.”
<event coordinates>
Time: 1:13.
Space: Warehouse 44.
“Whoa.”
When the door to Warehouse 44 was opened and Licorn entered, the safe designated by Fermi was waiting for him.
“where… … How many will there be?”
Due to the change in the space structure of Istas, it bypassed a long distance, but eventually achieved its purpose.
‘I can’t tell the difference between cause and effect here.’
A hit man, but also a licen and a wizard.
He knew how the upper echelons were currently working through numerous incidents.
‘Three degrees to the left. Sixteen degrees right.’
As he unlocked the safe, his heart fluttered like a child opening a gift box.
“How long do I have to wait?”
Before casting the stop magic, Fermi answered Lichen’s question like this.
“Time is not important. What matters is the case. If the case where you put <The Last Scream of the Jaeger Family> in this safe is completed, the past and future will repeat endlessly and accumulate in an instant.”
“Until the safe is full.”
Fermi winked.
“That’s right.”
‘I’ll make a lot of money.’
As objects worth 5 billion gold would pour out, Licorn took a receiving posture as soon as he opened the safe.
“… … what?”
Blinking his eyes, what was placed in front of him was an empty safe.
“why?”
Just in case he didn’t know, he put the objects he had in the safe and went out and entered warehouse 44.
‘Should the case be closed?’
The moment he opened the safe again, he couldn’t even see the object he had put in earlier, and his face crumpled like a monster.
“Event.”
Then, one conclusion.
It meant that the case of someone taking the items from the safe preceded it.
“Cheat me too?”
And the only person who knew the secret of the vault was the one he decided to know.
“Fermieeeeeee!”
Blue lightning rode the licorn’s body.
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 597 - Cube of Time (4) 2.txt
===============================
[597] Time Cube (4)
<event coordinates>
Time: 2 hours 32 minutes.
Space: Warehouse 19.
Destiny’s Warehouse #19.
If anyone remembers the records of Upper Istas, he would have called this place that way.
After Hexa was killed by Lukang, Yoga wandered in search of the maze that had left.
‘Nothing is over yet.’
Maze will somehow find a solution.
‘Because he’s that kind of person.’
Some put the names of Miro and Yoga on the same line, but to her, Miro was a younger sister she could respect.
– Mr. Miro will save this world in the future.
It was for this reason that he was able to remain calm even in the confession of a boy he met in the upper floors.
“Here you are.”
The warehouse door opened and Nickel, the captain of Mars, entered.
His men did not accompany him, but blood was clinging to his body.
“Mr. Nickel.”
“I have confirmed that the child is dead.”
“yes. If the incident ends like this, peace will come to mankind again.”
Unlike Yolgah, who only worried about Miro, Mars came here with a mission to protect the kingdom.
“You worked hard.”
So Nickel had one more incident to happen before the case was closed.
“Ten thousand words. It would have been impossible without the sacrifices of the Mars crew.”
Yolgha smiled, but her eyes were still sad.
“… … Just in case, is there really no way out?”
there is.
If Guffin led all of this, it is because his plan is for the maze to achieve its goal and return to the world again.
“The coordinates are jumbled up. Will I be able to find an exit?”
If the events of the closed curve continued to circulate, they would all become the ghosts of Istas.
“okay.”
Nickel, deep in thought, placed a hand on his chest with a stern face and said.
“Thank you on behalf of the kingdom.”
Yoga looked into Nickel’s eyes for a long time.
“you’re welcome.”
But she wasn’t one to calculate her emotions.
“Rather, I am… … .”
The moment I bowed my head to Nickel, a dagger plunged into Yoga’s heart.
“The white porcelain of the royal palace. Even you won’t survive.”
An evil assassination weapon that melts the blade when it enters the body and turns the blood all over the body white.
It was Yolga’s will that she cried out and vomited a bowl of blood.
“Yolga!”
Edgar slams Nicky’s head sideways and Mustang grabs the collapsing Yolgah in his arms.
It was after he had already stopped breathing.
In the terrible situation where Yoga’s sincerity was repaid with murder, blood in the eyes of his colleagues rose.
“you… … !”
Half of Nickel’s face had already been blown off, but he was still breathing like a Mars commander.
“Why did you kill him?”
Nine grabbed the sword and approached.
“Because it is dangerous. i am a soldier I am only carrying out the king’s orders.”
The ideology of Yolgha was dangerous to the monarchy.
“You bastard!”
As Edgar approached to take his breath away, Mustang saw Nickel’s eyes and shouted.
“Back off!”
Another piece of magic bomb, X-Force, came out of Nickel’s arms.
“Long live the kingdom of Tormia!”
Before the sword thrown by Nine could even reach it, the glass marbles of X-Force shattered and a local magical storm raged.
The frenzy that burns lives is made with the blood of countless tribes and the sacrifices of magicians.
As the terrifying blue light swept all around and disappeared, Yoga’s breathless comrades lay on the ground with grieved faces.
“… … That’s how it happened.”
The warehouse door opened and Fermi entered.
Even in the face of the deaths of his mother and his uncle and aunt, who had always loved him, Fermi was not shaken.
‘Coldly, calmly.’
The place he turned to was Warehouse 44, where the safe was located.
“To bypass time… … .”
<event coordinates>
Time: 1 hour 48 minutes.
Space: Supernatural Psychic Research Society.
Returning to Istas through the Guffin’s Gate, the prince of Kazra was asleep in Maze’s arms.
Shirone’s feelings for following her were still not good, but in the end she had to make a choice.
“Shirone, there is no need to complicate things.”
Miro said.
“To you, the present is my future. Return with the secrets of the upper echelons. You can do what you can there.”
Then the door opened and Yoga entered.
‘It’s finally happening.’
Shirone was nervous about meeting another version of herself, but there was no one by her side except her colleagues.
‘The case was twisted again.’
Then, who the hell sent Yoga here?
“Miro, who is the child you are holding right now?”
Miro’s eyebrows twitched.
‘Know. Who the hell?’
Even if we met in a different time zone, it was never a matter to tell Yoga.
“I am the prince of Kazura. Hexa is no longer here. So stop giving up, too.”
“no.”
Yolga’s gaze turned to the Guffin’s Gate.
Until the closed curve was completely closed, the dimensions would have been connected.
“I can get it back now.”
“There is no going back. As long as I am.”
“Miro, don’t say it’s just a few sacrifices. This is a denial of the value of the whole human being. If we do not choose our future, we will perish.”
Yoga’s insight looked beyond 100 years, 1,000 years, and more than 10,000 years.
“You can’t make a history of relying on one transcendental person for everything.”
“Guffins fought for humans.”
“But he is not our god. let us choose That is the only way man becomes infinite.”
“If we don’t stop now, there is no future. I just have to sacrifice everything in place of Guffin’s will.”
As expected, a compromise could not be found, and Yoga tightened her eyes and spoke softly.
“I will not make it.”
Miro looked back and said.
“Guard the Guffin’s door.”
The moment Yoga’s companions moved, Shirone and Anchal blocked the door.
‘Is this really the right thing?’
Shirone saw a point in what both of them said.
Life is like that anyway, and that’s why choice may be punishment.
‘You can’t shake. I just have to do what I think is right.’
Gaold did it, Zulu did it, Flu did it.
‘That’s the wizard.’
I decided to trust the maze.
For unknown reasons, she sent Hexa back to her original world instead of imprisoning him in the dimensional wall.
That was the only light of hope that led Shirone.
“It’s too late, sister.”
Miro launched the Prince of Khazra into the air and set him down in a corner.
“If you’re going to kill me, do you want me to kill you?”
Now that the exchange with Hexa was over, there was no reason for Miro to risk her life to protect the prince of Kazura.
“Because it is a sacrifice.”
A light shimmered in Miro’s eyes, and a huge incarnation of Kannon, which had never been seen before, rose up.
“It will be different from now on.”
In Yoga’s body, the incarnation of Mary also bloomed.
“Even Guanyin cannot break my incarnation.”
“If you are Saint Mary, yes.”
When Miro’s hands crossed, Guanyin’s palms overlapped in hundreds and landed on the top of Yoga’s head.
“You keep getting beaten up.”
Cuckoo coo coo!
At the same time as the warehouse shook, Yoga’s companions rushed to the Guffin’s door.
“I will take care of the woman. Guard the door.”
Anchal lured Mustang, and Edgar and Nine attacked from the left and right of Shirone, who was left alone.
Shirone, who identified the movement with Armand’s sensitive nerves, let out a big breath.
“Whoa!”
The spirit of the wizard who added one opinion for the future of mankind was no longer shaken.
‘Antithesis!’
As the eyes of Akamai turned into the cybernetic brain, Edgar and Nine, who came close to each other, stiffened.
“Keugh!”
In an instant, the will to act was restrained, and the borderline in Shirone’s spirit zone disappeared.
Elysion – Sona Explosion.
A light was born in the bodies of Edgar and Nine and began to swell rapidly.
‘Nonsense!’
No spirit zone can cause a phenomenon inside a creature with its own spirit.
However, since Shirone has no mental boundaries, it was enough to cast it on the space itself.
‘This is an instant death if caught!’
No matter what in the world, there was no ability to withstand an explosion inside, so Edgar and Nine activated the mortal schema and barely escaped the antithesis.
That alone could be said to be a great skill, but it was not possible to completely avoid the exploding mass wave.
Two explosions erupted in succession, and the bodies of the two flew to the wall.
Although the body was spared from exploding, Edgar’s mechanical arm was smashed and Nine suffered severe internal damage.
Mustang, who was fighting fiercely with Anchal, looked back at Shirone in disbelief, and Yoga also trembled in the state of Saint Mary.
“how… … .”
Not because I saw something completely different.
Rather, it was a shock that was so familiar, but that no one could imitate.
“Guppin’s Ultima System?”
Miro shrugged his shoulders as if it were natural.
“That child is the future Hexa.”
Yoga’s eyes shook in shock as she looked at Shirone.
* * *
As Lichen, who was betrayed by Fermi, changed his behavior, Lukang met his death with his lower body crushed by Miro again.
Yoga’s kiss was a bonus.
So, leaving Lukang’s body behind, Fermi appeared in front of them as they set out to find the maze again.
<event coordinates>
Time: 1 hour 10 minutes.
Space: Warehouse 65.
“you are?”
“I am a merchant. It smells like money here.”
Yolgha stared at the young man’s nostalgic face and finally smiled.
“The merchants are everywhere.”
Mustang said.
“He looks like Fermi.”
Yoga asked the horse with bones.
“May I know your name?”
“Coincidentally, my name is also Fermi.”
Fermi came over and asked, scratching his head.
“I guess you know of a Fermi, too?”
“yes. He is the most precious person to me.”
Fermi secretly chewed the flesh from the inside of his lower lip and ripped it off.
As long as Yoga is not shaken, he must not be shaken either.
“So did you find any money?”
Fermi took out dozens of <The Last Scream of the Jaeger Family> from his pocket.
“Yes, quite a bit. If this is enough, hundreds of billions of gold should be in no time.”
Yolga stared at Fermi’s smile.
“How long have you been here?”
“Because there is no clock. It seems like it’s been quite a while in terms of biological time.”
Even if it doesn’t seem like Yoga’s question, Fermi hurriedly changed the subject because it was always poking at the core.
“Take it. It’s a deal.”
When the bag containing the object was presented, Yoga accepted it obediently and checked the contents.
“That’s a good thing. It is a replica.”
It was no coincidence that Fermi chose <The Last Scream of the Jaeger Family> as the object to take to the upper floors.
She didn’t say anything, but Yoga must have already known, and she shook her head embarrassingly.
“It’s like getting dozens of lives, but I don’t have the ability to pay that much value.”
“I don’t need money. Because it’s already full and overflowing. Even so, he is very resourceful.”
Yoga laughed happily.
“That’s really great. Then what do you want from me?”
“There is something I want to ask you. Getting advice from a great wizard is worth it.”
Yoga’s head tilted like a cat.
“If there is anything I can answer.”
Fermi smiled and asked.
“I am… … Are you doing well?”
For him, it was a question that he couldn’t buy even if he paid billions of dollars.
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 598 - Cube of Time (5) 3.txt
===============================
[598] Time Cube (5)
Fermi waited patiently for an answer.
‘If you twist the case, the mother can live.’
But to Fermi, Yoga was more than a mother, so even denying her death felt like an insult.
So I wanted to know.
Why Yoga had to go into the upper classes, why such an outstanding mother could not return to her family.
“There are many times in life when you get lost.”
Yoga finally spoke up.
“But, Fermi, it’s okay to worry about right and wrong about anything. Because when we stop thinking about it, the value of human existence disappears.”
“I am… … Would that be true even if he were the villain of the world?”
Yolgha smiled benevolently.
“Humans choose good and evil, not good and evil choose humans.”
And suddenly, I put my hand on the shoulder of the big Fermi.
“Always remember, you still have a choice. Then, even if you get lost, you will find it again.”
All parents protect their children, but in Yoga’s words, there was kindness that embraced Fermi’s entire personality.
‘my mother. My own mother.’
No, she was the mother of the whole world.
“Did you get an answer? I don’t know if it will be a reward for receiving nice things.”
“It’s full of tea.”
As Fermi turned around, Yoga asked hastily.
“Where are you going now?”
“Forward.”
Fermi turned his head and said with a smile.
“Because I chose it.”
<event coordinates>
Time: 2 hours 13 minutes.
Space: Supernatural Psychic Research Society.
It was a brutal battle.
Mustang, who freely handles the three attributes of fire, cold, and air, unleashed a magic that was not in the world as if he had developed it independently, and Anchal, the director of Jincheon Space Agency, was also defending by drawing out all possible illusions.
Syrone’s Elysion pressed Edgar and Nine by casting magic on the space itself, not on the target, and Miro’s Kannon was now slamming Yoga’s body as if in madness.
‘As expected, Miro is strong.’
It wasn’t just a matter of level, but the very existence of the maze transcended human beings.
‘I understand why Guffin chose you.’
If Yoga has reached the level of prajna from the lowest position in the world, Miro looks down on the world from a higher place than humans think.
‘I want to rely on it.’
Being safe by Miro’s side was a completely different temperament to Yoga’s blind embrace.
‘If I were the mother of mankind… … .’
Miro is the father of mankind.
At the forefront of the crisis, those who protect humanity by sacrificing themselves without showing any pain.
‘Yes, maze. We are not wrong.’
But the world says only one of them remains.
In a situation where the end of mankind is approaching, is it a father or a mother that humans need?
Yoga smiled happily.
‘He grew up well.’
A young man’s face passed through my mind.
So it’s not over.
“Miro, I can’t look at you any longer.”
The benevolence disappeared from Yoga’s expression.
Banya-Pa Maria.
“okay? Now I’m going to have some taste!”
Since Pa Maria could be destroyed, the maze further accelerated Kannon’s repeated blows.
It was after Anchal defeated Mustang with the Jincheon magic hammer and Shirone defeated Edgar and Nine.
‘He probably thought he couldn’t turn off the time.’
It was a maze that I thought so, but Yoga was laughing.
“what… … !”
Just as Kannon’s paradise flew in from left and right and was about to crush her, a flash of light flew in and snatched her away.
“Keugh!”
Released from his photonization state, Fermi gritting his teeth, slid across the floor, and banged his head against the wall.
“Fermi?”
Yolgha looked back at Fermi with a surprised expression.
He was covered in blood all over his body, and each part had serious sword wounds.
“How come this… … .”
“Whoops. It is very strong, the people who are targeting you.”
In order to prevent the death of Yolgah, Fermi fought Mars and achieved the result of killing 14 members of the crew.
Although equipped with a lot of advanced magic, it was not possible to avoid fatal injuries while eliminating 14 of the best assassins in the kingdom.
With Fermi lying on the floor, Yoga looked around the study hall.
Edgar and Nine’s corpses were lying in front of Guffin’s door, and Mustang was dead next to Anchal, who was kneeling bleeding.
She turned her gaze to Miro for the last time and opened her mouth.
“I don’t disappear. Please do me a favor instead.”
“No, don’t ask. don’t disappear You just have to go out with me.”
“Die aaaaa!”
At that time, the captain of Mars, Nickel, entered the study group.
His eyes, smeared with the blood of the men Fermi had slain, were filled with the will to complete the mission.
“I kill!”
‘idiot! That’s not a hexa!’
In the eyes of Nickel, who did not know the current situation, it was natural that the prince of Kazura looked like the child Miro was holding.
“no!”
<The Last Scream of the Jaeger Family> sounded in succession in Yolga’s ears as she ran toward the child.
“Dangerous!”
The girl’s scream means death soon.
“Dangerous!”
Die.
“Dangerous! Dangerous! Dangerous!”
Die. Die. Die.
Spurring dozens of chances to live, she moved toward a future where there was only death.
Nickel’s sword went through her back.
“Huh!”
Yoga’s head soared to the ceiling, and Nickel twisted the blade and pushed the sword further.
‘I have to kill the child!’
The mind of a trained soldier was cold like a machine.
Thousand Hands Guanyin – One Ta.
Just before the tip of the sword stabbed the prince, Kannon’s palm flew and separated Nickel’s face from his body.
Behind Yoga, who was kneeling down, Fermi grabbed one shoulder and stood up.
“mom… … .”
But Miro’s words came first.
“why?”
It was incomprehensible.
“Anyway, this child is destined to be locked up forever! Why do you keep doing stupid things?”
“That, too, is something you have to choose for yourself.”
Miro saw Yoga’s limit.
“Miro, trust us. Please believe that we can protect the future with our own strength.”
“Even if I said that, I won’t remember it once I leave here. It’s expunged! You stupid sister!”
“No, I’m sure you can remember.”
Yoga smiled as if life was burning.
“Because you are not stupid.”
remember
Miro clenched both fists.
I will definitely remember what Yoga told me in death.
With her eyes closed as if satisfied, Yoga’s body fell backwards, and Fermi hurriedly received her.
‘mom.’
I felt that I should speak.
“mom… … .”
“Thank you, Fermi.”
Yolgha raised her hand and stroked Fermi’s cheek.
“Your choices have changed the world. proud… … .”
Her hand fell helplessly.
“My son.”
So Yoga left Fermi’s side.
Just like that time 19 years ago.
“Thank you, mother.”
But he was no longer sad, and sent Yolgha away with a smile just like his mother’s.
“Fermi! damage!”
The moment Shirone shouted, a powerful electric shock occurred around Fermi.
As he hugged Yoga’s corpse and threw himself away, a black figure grabbed the prince of Kazura and ran to the corner.
“ha! ha!”
Lichen, whose head was bleeding, grabbed the child by the neck and glared at Fermi.
“betrayer. How dare you use me?”
“You have to speak straight. Wasn’t it used, not used?”
Lichen, who knew Fermi’s personality, asked directly.
“Where is the object? Give it all.”
“doesn’t exist.”
Electricity flowed through the lichen’s hands that gripped the child’s neck.
“If you don’t want to kill a human, bring an object.”
Lichen, who knew Yoga’s identity, also knew that the child she risked her life to protect was useful for blackmail.
“Even if you say so, no. All destroyed.”
“Then find a way. is it your specialty? Make it and bring it. Otherwise, this child will die.”
It was impossible for anyone to take the child away from the lichen that was wrapped in electricity.
“Lichen, you will have to use good judgment. Wouldn’t it be nice to upset me?”
“Hey, that’s how it was until now. But not anymore.”
Lichen’s gaze turned to Yolgah’s corpse.
I thought it was all about replicating an object using the incident where my mother went missing.
However, when I opened the lid, Fermi was also a human after all.
“A foolish child. Because I miss my mother’s arms… … .”
It was a natural misunderstanding for Lichen, who could not even guess how complex events in the upper levels would change the future and what Fermi really wanted to protect.
“I don’t need to explain to you. But the moment you reject my words, life will be difficult.”
“Isn’t that right, Fermi?”
Lichen’s eyes flashed with life.
“I’ve been unlucky with you since before.”
As the electric shock exploded, the crying sound of the child disappeared, and the lichen, who threw the body, activated the lightning magic and left the study group.
“Likeen!”
As Fermi burst into anger and chased after him, Shirone immediately moved and looked after Kazura’s prince.
“He is dead. Change the case again.”
It was a pity that Yolga’s will was broken.
“Do whatever you feel like. I’m leaving.”
But Miro had to keep Yoga’s teachings and the realization of how important choices are to human beings.
‘My sister’s last memory. I will definitely bring it.’
To do that, you must leave now.
“When I leave Istas, the closed curve of time is completely closed. This will close the case.”
If the case is twisted, Yoga’s death will unfold in a different direction, and Miro’s resolution will also be an event without it.
If Hexa is trapped in the space-time barrier, as a result, Shirone will not be able to be here either.
“I don’t know when it will be, but if we meet again in the future, remember today’s events.”
Miro crossed the threshold of the research meeting.
<event coordinates>
Time: 2 hours 35 minutes.
Space: Warehouse #9.
Even while Shirone was operating the engine unit of Estas, Ahnchal’s nagging continued.
“Shirone, let’s just end it here. It is dangerous to twist the case further.”
Shirone didn’t answer.
“think carefully! If the worst happens… … !”
“I will meet you.”
“what?”
After pressing the finish button, Shirone’s eyes widened.
“I’m going to meet a guffin.”
“What are you talking about? How do you meet Guffin?”
Guffins definitely exist.
To the world before 0:00 when the maze enters and the incident occurs.
‘Guppin, I don’t know what you’re thinking… … .’
Hearing the vibrating sound of the Estas changing structure, Shirone left the warehouse.
‘You must convince me!’
<event coordinates>
Time 2 hours 42 minutes.
Space: Warehouse #72 in Estas.
Miro trudged along with blood all over his body.
If she left Istas like this, time would be isolated and only the events she experienced would circulate.
“Shirone.”
With the exit right in front of her eyes, Miro stopped abruptly.
“Don’t come. Whatever you are thinking, you should never come here.”
It was a warning to Shirone, who had just entered, who would be watching from behind the illusion magic of Ahnchal.
Kururrureung!
As soon as he finished speaking, Istas vibrated and the position of the structure began to change.
“You idiot… … !”
Miro turned around and saw Shirone running towards her.
‘I will definitely meet Guffin!’
Perhaps.
If only I could reach 0:00.
‘Poems of fire!’
The closed curve of Warehouse 72 began to open.
<event coordinates>
Time: 00:00.
Space: Warehouse #72 in Estas.
Miro, holding Hexa in her arms, looked back at the Guffin outside the exit and asked.
“How much time do I have?”
Hearing Guffin’s words, she nodded.
“don’t worry. You will surely succeed.”
“Geopiyiin!”
As soon as the vision of Shirone appeared, time began to flow backwards.
The labyrinth, which performed its movements in reverse order, walked backwards and disappeared outside the curtain of light, and at the same time, Shirone jumped into the exit.
‘come out!’
The starting point of the record of 2 hours and 48 minutes.
But to Shirone, a second of the past was also the present… … .
‘I know it’s there!’
Finally, the Poem of the Buddha statue has overcome the barrier of time.
<event coordinates>
Time: -1 second.
Space: Unknown.
(end of volume 24)
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 599 - Rootless Tree (1) 1.txt
===============================
[599] Rootless Tree (1)
Shirone’s spirit permeated the light.
It was the reason I could open my eyes even in a group of lights that could not be brighter than this.
‘here is… … .’
I didn’t feel like I was standing there, as if my body had disappeared and only my mind remained.
I raised my hand, but there was nothing. I could see everywhere, but I couldn’t see anything.
In the minus 1 second of 0:00 minutes in the upper layer of Istas, where even time was lost, Shirone came face to face with Guffin.
“Hexa.”
As I turned my mind to where the voice came from, a shimmering shadow appeared in the distance.
The closer they got, the clearer their appearance became, but as if they were not going to allow any further approach, the waves of light disturbed the sharpness.
‘Are you really human?’
Shirone was not convinced.
The black silhouette obviously has a face and limbs, but because of the distortion of the light, the whole body is long like a stick, and in some parts it is thin as if it has been cut off.
“Are you a guffin?”
Guffin didn’t answer, and the thought that he could disappear at any moment made Shirone nervous.
“Answer me! You have an obligation to speak to me! Who the hell am I? Are you Ikael’s son?”
“Hexa. You are the result.”
Shirone did not want to be called Hexa.
“I speak so you can understand. I am very angry right now.”
Guffin’s voice, which had not been answered as if choosing words, continued.
“You have no cause.”
“what… … .”
Where in the world is there a being without a cause?
“You are the result. It’s an absolute coincidence. That’s why I’m free, and that’s why I can fight.”
Even if I couldn’t accept Guffin’s words as truth, I felt like I was going to collapse.
“You mean you have no parents and no reason to be born?”
Wouldn’t even the dust floating in space have more meaning than this?
“Answer me! Are you saying that Ikael is not my mother?”
“Once upon a time I was a mother.”
An inexplicable anger surged up.
“Stop talking and speak plainly! Come out this way! Don’t hide there, show yourself!”
“I am in front of you. It’s just that I’m not in front of you.”
Are Guffins Crazy?
They were talking in the same language, but I couldn’t understand a word.
“Don’t analyze, accept. Take it as a whole and become one. That is Ultima.”
Shirone realized it only in the state of Jikji.
“cancellation. You don’t exist now.”
Because he doesn’t exist, he can’t be called by anything, and Shirone can’t put him in front of him either.
“I don’t ask for a lot. I just want to understand. Who am I? How do I know?”
“When you know everything, you will know everything.”
It wasn’t a play on words or a turn around.
For a guffin that transcends human thinking, this is the only sure answer.
“When you know everything… … .”
Interpreted by human standards, it was like reaching the end of the truth.
“How can I meet you?”
“Beyond infinity.”
It was the last phrase left when looking at the records of the Gaians in the ruins of heaven.
“Infinity… … over?”
Shirone manages to continue the conversation with Guffin, but this is not the only solution.
“How is that possible?”
Anyone who knew what infinity was would have thought the same thing.
“You mean there is no end? But how can I get over it?”
“Why do you think there is no end?”
“Isn’t that obvious? The numbers go on endlessly… … .”
“Have you ever reached the end of numbers?”
Shirone shut his mouth. He has never reached it, of course, but that is why it is called infinity.
“Infinity is just the biggest concept that humans can think of. see the ultimate Cross infinity at the end of infinity.”
Shirone asked again.
“Sue… … Are you saying there is an end?”
“there is.”
Guffin’s answer was firm.
“And beyond that I am.”
The silhouette of the guffin gradually began to shrink.
“Wait! I haven’t heard anything yet.”
“I told you everything. This is the end of my existence.”
When the upper level is closed, you won’t find guffins anywhere in the world.
“I will be waiting for you at the end.”
The guffin shrunk to a point and a huge storm of light rushed in from where it disappeared.
Although no external force was involved, Shirone’s mind was as dizzy as if it was swept away by waves, and at last it began to disintegrate into the smallest units.
“wait. crawl… … .”
As the light faded, I could see the back of a hand reaching out towards the guffin, at which point Shirone’s eyes closed.
* * *
“Shirone! are you okay? Shirone!”
When Anchal patted his cheek, Shirone’s eyes flashed open.
“Huh!”
As if it had been disintegrated and put back together, the shock of reconstructing all of my senses hit me.
“Here?”
“Out of Estas. you ran out the door He came right after and he was down.”
As her senses stabilized, Shirone’s eyes half-closed.
“Have you met Guffin?”
Ahnchal asked before falling asleep.
This was also a key piece of information from the upper echelons of Estas, but Shirone wasn’t sure.
‘Have I met a guffin?’
I remember having a conversation in the light, but it didn’t feel real enough to convince me that I must have been dreaming.
“I don’t know. But this is for sure.”
A single tear trickled down between her closed eyelids.
“I am… … It has no roots.”
Shirone fell into a deep sleep again.
* * *
“So, are you leaving?”
Vice-principal Olivia tilted her teacup as she faced Anchal who had come to pack her things.
“Because I got all the information I wanted. I must report to His Majesty the Emperor. Valkyrie, of course. Then all the countries of the Three Kingdoms and the Seven Kingdoms will know.”
I wondered if Anchal would hand over the confidential information to another country, but he had no intention of intervening in politics.
“It will be good for you anyway. Since the upper floors are closed, there’s no need to shut down Istas.”
“Well, good news for seniors. One strong competitor is gone.”
“Of course I’m a pro… … .”
Anchal looked back on his school life.
“The current senior class is pretty strong. Same with Dante, Canis, and Fermi.”
It was a name that was also imprinted in Olivia’s mind.
“Why did you tell me? Wasn’t the incident in the upper levels a top secret?”
Anchal smiled.
“You don’t believe me. I’m really going to share information with Valkyrie. It’s too big a lump for an empire to contain. and… … .”
Anchal remembered Shirone waking up this morning.
“Even if I say nothing anyway, the person involved in the case is still attending school.”
“but… … .”
The secrets of the upper classes that Anchal had heard were surprising.
“Yolga threw a ripple into Miro’s mind, and that ripple continued, giving Syrone the option of exiting the labyrinth’s space-time. Are we just living within a pre-determined time?”
“I can’t be certain. I think so. Time is not fixed, but we have the conviction to make the same choice.”
Like Yoga who knew death and moved on.
“It’s a belief.”
Anchal put on his backpack and stood up.
“I have to stop. Because time is tight. Say hello to Shirone instead.”
“Isn’t this going to hurt Shirone?”
“I can’t tell. Because I too am just an accessory of the Empire. but… … .”
Anchal thought for a moment and said.
“As the director of the Jincheon Space Agency, I will do my best. Tell me to call anytime if you need my help.”
“I will.”
Even in the Jincheon Empire, being in touch with the director who handles confidentiality was a network that ordinary people could not imagine.
“then… … .”
“for a moment. One more thing.”
Olivia called and stopped the temple heading to the door.
“Giving Shirone a chance to choose means that Miro remembers the incident in the upper classes, right? How could that be?”
After the Erase Guffin, Miro should have forgotten about Yolga’s death.
“well. I have my doubts about that too. After all, Miro is strong enough to be called transcendental. But at the same time, I also felt like this. Perhaps Yoga’s death changed not only the memory, but the human being itself called Miro.”
“Hmm, that might be the case.”
Anchal shrugged.
“After all, it is just a home. Only Miro knows the truth.”
“okay.”
Only Miro would have known.
* * *
“Paray!”
In the kingdom of Roblanc, on the second basement floor of the Marika Hotel, a drinking party was taking place as usual today.
There was no one who didn’t know the maze that had been pouring into the hotel since days ago, and she tied the tavern’s record by emptying twenty-one cups of polka.
“How wonderful, my lady! Twenty-one glasses of polka! I was the one who saw the legend when I was 16. Is a new legend born today?”
“Just one more drink and we’ll hit the record high! After 34 years!”
Upon hearing this, Miro held out an empty drinking cup.
“My name cannot be left behind the adjective ‘best’!”
While people shouted praises, Sein dragged Miro with a tired expression.
“Stop drinking. You are really drunk now.”
“Hey, how are you? Today is a good day.”
It was the day when the politician supported by Miro pushed through the agenda in a secret meeting that was being held secretly at the hotel.
“I’m leaving soon, so I’ll go and enjoy Roblanc’s specialties to my heart’s content.”
“No matter how much you drink, you can’t stay sane. We have to think about the crisis situation.”
Miro, whose cheeks were flushed red, pointed his finger in a disheveled posture.
“Eheh, so you’re just waiting until I’m drunk and pass out? to be silly Alright, let’s try it.”
Miro set the glass down on the table and shouted.
“I challenge you!”
“Good! Hey, everyone gather! It is the moment when a new legend is born!”
Sein let out a sigh.
‘Miro, why are you doing this?’
He had a personality that would not fall into play, but I had never seen him drink so much.
“Sain, this drink is called polka.”
Miro rested her chin on the table and looked at the two-colored streams of water filling her glass.
“I don’t even want to know.”
“From long ago, the fishermen of Roblanc enjoyed two kinds of liquor. Fort made in the North is distilled, and Enka made in the South is fermented. So, when going out to sea, a fight broke out between the northern and southern people over which alcohol was better. Then the captain, who was worse off, made an offer. Rather than fighting like this, let’s mix it up and drink it together. That was the beginning of polka.”
Looking at Fault and Enka whirling in the glass, Sein finally realized Miro’s heart.
“What does parei mean?”
“You and me, all of us.”
“… … .”
Polka is complete.
“ruler! If you only drink this, the lady is the best!”
“Drink! drink! Drink!”
Miro raised his arms and smiled broadly.
“Good! Start!”
Everyone muffled as Miro grabbed the glass, and the strong drink gulped down her throat.
“Uh… … !”
All the drinkers in the tavern jumped to their feet when they saw that the last drop had been emptied.
“Wow! Success! It’s a record high!”
Dozens of people shouted at the same time as Miro took a deep breath and a large inhalation.
“Paray!”
“ha! It kills the mood!”
Miro stuck out his tongue and collapsed on the chair, but Sein didn’t nag anymore.
“Are you satisfied now?”
“huh. drank to overflowing Let’s leave in the morning.”
“If you wake up, will you remember?”
“Whoops. It doesn’t matter, even if you don’t remember.”
Miro looked up at the ceiling and said.
“Emotions remain.”
“… … Right.”
Perhaps because he was drunk, the light coming down from the lamp was blurred.
‘Yolga, are you watching?’
She was small but gigantic, and though she was the lowest, she looked higher than anyone else.
Miro raised an empty wine glass towards the beautiful face shimmering in the halo of light.
“For the future my sister and I will create… … .”
parlay.

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 600 - Tree Without Roots (2) 2.txt
===============================
[600] Rootless Tree (2)
* * *
After waking up, Shirone couldn’t get out of bed until after noon.
“Guffin… … .”
The words he left lingered in my head like a riddle.
“I have to go.”
After getting up, Shirone finished washing her face and went to the Supernatural Psychic Science Lab.
After taking a deep breath and casting the Time Buddha Statue, the time machine swirled and blew up the time barrier.
The noise of the upstairs was no longer audible.
‘It’s closed.’
As long as Miro came into the world, Hexa could not be used as a barrier material, so the upper layer had no meaning to exist.
‘I left.’
When she thought that Guffin had completely left her, Syrone sat down on the couch in a sense of dejection.
‘I have no cause.’
It felt like being alone in space.
“Shirone, what happened?”
Amy and Eruki entered.
“what? Are you done with the evaluation already?”
“Evaluation time is a mess. Because of Scramble Royale.”
Unless Nade returned, the combined team had no choice but to withdraw.
“I came here because I wasn’t at the dorm. What the hell is going on? When I asked Anchal, he told me to listen.”
“Right, what about Anchal?”
“I left. He dropped out.”
“I see.”
I was expecting
“Now tell me. You promised.”
“that is… … .”
Shirone reported everything that happened in the upper floors.
There was no secret so far, so understanding was quick, and Amy put on a sad expression in the solemn atmosphere.
‘Poor Shirone.’
In order to find the root, he gave up his dream of becoming a wizard and decided to go to heaven.
“I have no roots. I don’t know what it is, but I don’t want to know. It feels so awful.”
“There is no effect without a cause. Even if it’s a perfect coincidence, your meaning doesn’t disappear.”
Amy helped Eruki.
“Yes, Shirone. There must be a reason. Even Guffin used the word ‘once upon a time’. Don’t give up already.”
Shirone changed her tone, thinking that she had told a story that was too dark.
“By the way, what about Nade? You haven’t come back yet?”
“You must feel responsible for leaving Scramble Royale. It will take some more time.”
“But you won. I think Nade should know too. I’d rather find it. I need to go to the West family.”
“I wouldn’t have gone home. You must be sleeping somewhere.”
It was incomprehensible that he was homeless when he had a house and money, but he was sure.
“Tell me, Eruki. Why is Nade like that? At least you have to know what happened so you won’t be persuaded.”
If Nade wasn’t going to leave forever, it would be revealed anyway.
“Shirone, you have no roots… … .”
Eruki carefully brought up the story.
“Nade’s roots are sick.”
* * *
The wind in the mountains in early autumn was colder at night.
“Oh, it’s cold.”
Nade curled up by the campfire and went to sleep.
“I hope you get through tonight safely… … .”
Nineteen years ago, an unprecedented genius was born to the West family, but no one in the family knew about it.
“Ugh, annoying!”
Nade’s mother, Teria, had already been sitting at the dressing table putting on her makeup for an hour.
‘Because I use such cheap cosmetics… … .’
A normal conglomerate family would not have heard that they were extravagant and extravagant.
who would have known
To think that the West family, a real estate conglomerate for generations, would be carrying huge debts.
‘I ruined my life by getting married once.’
Nade’s father, West Ballroom, first met at a socialite party.
When I saw expensive watches, clothes of famous designers, and 7-pyeong-sized wagons made by craftsmen, I thought that a rosy future was unfolding.
Drunk and pregnant with Nade and thus becoming a member of the West family, it was like boarding a sinking ship.
“He’s like a pitiful human being.”
The family is falling into disrepair, but the head of the house, Ballroom, is still tired of drinking and playing and has not even come home.
Even when he threatened to revive the family business somehow, Teria, whom he hugged after playing with fire all night, only pretended to be annoyed.
“Bocchan is crying again.”
At the nurse’s words, she threw the comb she was brushing on the floor.
“Then be quiet! That’s why you exist!”
“But once you start crying… … .”
“it’s annoying!”
Teria pushed the nanny away and went to Nade’s room.
“mom! mom!”
Seeing her son crying with his mouth wide open like an idiot, the thought of her pathetic husband made her hair stand on end.
“why… … !”
Teria screamed at her throat.
“why are you crying! What the hell is wrong with you! They do everything by splitting the housekeeping they don’t have! What the hell are you complaining about!”
“A strange sound… … the sound… … .”
“you’re stupid? Why are you stupid and making it hard for me!”
Contrary to Teria’s misunderstanding, Nade realized a certain reason in the world and suffered from overflow.
Nade was only three years old.
“Mom. Mom.”
Terai’s face contorted violently, and he struck Nade hard on the cheek.
Due to the physical shock, the child was able to hold back crying for a while, and this was Teria’s only method until Nade’s mind was completely destroyed.
“Huh!”
Nade jumped up and hurriedly looked around and let out a sigh of relief.
“Whoa, that’s good.”
The fact that the electric shock was not discharged meant that control had begun again, but the heart was still miserable.
‘I have to go back soon.’
I had no face to see my friends because I had broken away from Scramble Royale.
“I need to wash up first.”
It was dawn by the time they descended the mountain and reached the city, and Nade went into the public bath to relieve the tiredness of camping.
There weren’t too many people, but all of them glanced at Nade’s body.
The burn marks all over her body were traces of torture by the notorious Chicken Head bandits.
It’s normal that he should have died, but Nade saved his body by killing his mind.
“I still have scars… … .”
The marks of his own nails were still visible on his face reflected in the mirror.
The scab had peeled off, but it seemed like it would take a little longer to heal completely.
‘Anyway, since I can control it, I’m going to sleep at an inn starting today.’
Nade had no intention of going back to school yet.
* * *
“No. Where the hell did you go?”
After wandering around the city of Creas all day, Shirone sat on the roof of someone else’s house and sighed.
A lot of people pass by on the roadside, but those who are tired of life don’t seem to have time to look up at the sky.
It wouldn’t be possible to search the entire city in one day, but it didn’t seem impossible at all if the spirit zone was expanded in the state of armed with diamonds.
“Did you really go into the mountain?”
If that’s the case, there’s no way to find it anyway, so you’d better look around the city a bit more.
Shirone spread her wings and flew up, observing the ground with the eyes of a hawk through Armand’s nerve reinforcement.
“what?”
And finally found Nade coming out of the bath three blocks away.
“Not even uncle… … .”
After licking her lips, Shirone immediately flew through the sky, crossed the block, and descended to the roof of the shopping mall.
When the tentacle hit the floor lightly, his body spun, and when he fell down, Armand had already been released.
The moment I landed on the floor with a nimble motion, people backed away in amazement.
“What, what? Is it a circus?”
Nade’s face stiffened as he turned around at the murmur.
“haha! found!”
“Shirone?”
Nade frowned, lowered his head, and before Shirone could say a word, he turned and ran away.
“hey! Why are you running away?”
Shirone, who had been staring at her absurdly, jumped right away.
“Shirone! Don’t follow me!”
“Then why are you running away?”
“I don’t know! Leave me alone!”
The two did not stop even after being run over by the crowd and falling over items on the stall.
‘Anyway, he’s persistent.’
Nade, aware of Shirone’s stubbornness, cast teleportation and soared into the sky.
“Kyaaak!”
Passers-by were startled, and some merchants pointed to the sky and shouted.
“It’s a wizard! That must be magic!”
It is a daily life for magic school students, but most of them were people who never had a chance to see magic in their lifetime.
“That… … !”
Shirone raised her head and gritted her teeth.
Nade’s calculation was that he would not be able to cast magic in front of people, but Shirone, who had already heard from Eruki, did not give up this time either.
“at there! Just try to catch you!”
As the flash of light soared, economic activity on the street stopped, and everyone looked up at the sky as if time had stopped.
Nade shouted at Shirone, who was chasing after him.
“Aww! Are you crazy? What are you going to do if someone reports this to the school?”
“Then why are you running away! Let’s talk for a second!”
‘It’s a big deal. That guy is serious.’
Nade, who knew Shirone’s movement skills, swallowed his saliva as he imagined a future where he would eventually be captured.
“Do not be ridiculous! I’ll show you my real skills!”
1 minute after that.
“Aaaagh!”
Caught by Shirone, Nade fell in the middle of the market and rolled on the floor.
“Come on!”
“Save people!”
Nade’s body was covered in dust, having just taken a bath, but Nade crawled across the floor.
But in the end, as soon as he got up, he was grabbed by Shirone and pushed to the wall.
“It’s over! Give up!”
As Shirone’s face suddenly approached, Nade hurriedly turned his head.
I couldn’t bear to show my face.
“Look at me! Don’t turn your head!”
“no.”
“This is real!”
When Shirone changed position and showed his face, Nade’s neck swung back to the other side.
While the actions of the person trying to avoid eye contact and the person trying to run into each other were repeated, whispers could be heard from around.
“What are you doing in the morning? South Korea.”
“Wait a minute, do they both look like men?”
Nade, whose face was red, shook Shirone’s arm from his shoulder and shouted.
“Eight! let go of this! You’re getting weird misunderstandings for no reason!”
“Then why are you running away? Are you guilty of anything?”
Nade, who had been acting energetic for a while, suddenly put on a sad face and lowered his head.
“I’m sorry, Shirone. I screwed it all up. I was the one who brought you guys in.”
“Where is that word? You fought with all your might. I heard about it from Eruki. Besides, I won Scramble Royale.”
The news was a relief to Nade more than anything else, but it made him feel more guilty.
“Ha, I should have been.”
“Everyone is worried. Let’s go back to school for now.”
Meanwhile, the men and women who had just arrived in the city were dumbfounded by the action that took place in broad daylight.
“What the hell is the fuss about, from earlier?”
The blond man was tall and handsome, and next to him was a woman with arms crossed, exuding the sophistication of Baska, the capital.
“The wizard over there on the block said something. I hear you’re still a child.”
“Then are you a student? Alpheas Magic School.”
The woman smiled at the man’s words.
“Maybe it is.”
“I am It seems that the management of students is messed up because it is a province. It’s something that can’t happen in the capital.”
The woman shed her eyes.
“Are you insulting my alma mater?”
“haha! Does that happen?”
“Anyway, let’s go, because I’m curious. do you know Will I be able to meet even juniors I know?”
“I’m busy, but I just go… … !”
As the woman took the man’s arm and moved on, the man could not help but smack his lips and was dragged away.
“Whoa, what kind of kids… … .”
Arriving through the crowd, the woman opened her eyes wide when she noticed the two boys fighting each other.
“what?”
“why? Do you know kids?”
The man yawned and asked, but she didn’t even respond and went up to them.
“Nade! Are you Nade?”
Nade turned his head at the voice calling him and stopped there with a distraught expression.
“Liz… … Seniors?”
“Hey! are you really nade? How much is this?”
“Senior, how is this… … ?”
Apple Leeds.
He was the former president of the Society for the Study of Paranormal Psychics and was Nade’s first love who brought him out of Hell.
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

