===============================
Chapter - 126 - Island. Galliant(3).txt
===============================
[126] Island. Galliant(3)
“Hey, welcome to Galliant. Are you on vacation?”
Jess raised his hand in a friendly tone. No matter how noble, it was the manual of this floor not to use honorifics to Hogu.
In a sense, it was like risking your life to make money, but even if it was four months, it was enough to hide for a month.
It was because there were few cases in which those who came to play from across the sea returned home to inflict harm again.
“Yes, I came to play with my friends.”
Sirone smiled and welcomed him. Amy, on the other hand, was blatantly impressed. She knew what they were approaching because she had been in touch with the world of darkness as she commanded her back alleys in her childhood.
“Looks like a student. where is your school It must be a prestigious school, right?”
“Alpheas Magic School.”
“aha! i know there It’s close, so quite a lot of people come to play.”
Amy felt sorry for her. She shouldn’t have revealed that she was a student, but if I told her what school she came from, it was no different than that she would catch me.
“But these people are good in size for wizards.”
“what? We’re from the Kaizen Swordsmanship Academy! You’re tall because you’re a prosecutor, you idiot!”
As expected from Jess, Tess was furious. She was proud of her figure, but she had no intention of bundling herself in a package with Ryan and hearing her say she liked her size.
“haha! sorry. Because I don’t have a horse. It was a compliment, but it must have been taken strangely.”
Jess thought it was over. The reason why the last people in life can be proud even in front of the nobility is because they are not bound by the rules set by the world.
On the other hand, the nobility was in a position where there were quite a lot of things to be arrested. Alpheas Magic School and Kaizen Swordsmanship Academy are famous for their strong discipline. If you had an accident at a tourist destination, you would not be able to avoid punishment.
“Anyway, welcome. My name is Jis, a local guide. If you hire me, you can take care of everything from sightseeing to lodging.”
“We haven’t finished talking to each other yet. I’ll think about it.”
Sirone repeated what she had said to the solicitors who had approached her so far.
But Jis’ gang was different from them. Since he had already caught his weakness, he persisted and insisted on hiring him.
“Oh, why is this? If you go to a good school, won’t you have a lot of money? That we are really poor people. Are you here to spend money anyway?”
It was only then that Sirone realized that he was no mere solicitor. Lian’s and Tess’s eyes seemed to feel the same, and they cooled down.
Jess’ friends, who met the prosecutor’s eyes, flinched and retreated. But Jess didn’t blink an eye.
‘Whoops, they won’t be able to do anything about us anyway.’
Having worked as a solicitor since he began to grow older, he was keen on inland information.
Alpheas Magic School strictly forbids the use of magic outside the country. Since the magic school was like that, there was no need to mention the swordsmanship school that emphasized chivalry.
Of course, there were times when I was caught and beaten by a bad-tempered student, but wouldn’t I have to endure it to make a living? Moreover, based on that experience, Jis’s tightrope walking skills had already reached the peak.
“Don’t do that, just trust me. I’ll tell you how to have the most fun on Galliant Island. Let’s go. What man doesn’t have a pulpit? Sprinkle some money in front of the beautiful ladies. huh? are you going? Then am I carrying the burden?”
“Wait! I will discuss it one last time.”
“Whoa, okay. But if you come this far and refuse, it’s really bad.”
Jess was already carrying a heavy load in both hands.
Sirone looked at her friends in embarrassment. It was the first time I had ever had such an enemy, and Jis’s attitude was on the line of being ambiguous to anger, so I couldn’t treat him harshly.
“What do we do? Should I leave it to him?”
“You know the name of the school. They know that we can’t do it recklessly, so they stretch out confidently.”
Hearing Amy’s words, Tess’ medication rose. It was a vile method, but it was certainly effective. Originally, it was a personality that should have been released immediately, but it was proof that he was still holding back his anger.
Lian, on the other hand, paid little attention. The only criterion he had in mind was Sirone’s safety.
“I don’t really care. If Sirone wants it, I’ll just follow him. If you say you don’t like it, if you insist on it, just beat it up and throw it away.”
For Ryan, this trip was not just a vacation. After taking an oath to be a knight, he and Shirone came out for the first time. One day, I will come across countless situations like this, so it was good to experience this or that situation in advance for the sake of the future.
“Ah, my arm hurts. Can’t you make a quick decision? Everything you do now is money.”
“That bastard is real!”
Sirone stopped Tess from approaching Jess. As long as the school’s honor was at stake, he wanted to avoid unnecessary violence.
“all right. I’ll hire you. How much is it?”
“haha! well thought out Because it’s you, I’ll give you a special discount. Just give me 5 gold.”
“yes? 5 gold?”
Sirone opened her eyes wide. Only 5 gold to hire a guide. It was an outrageous rip off. I don’t know the price of the island, but no matter how expensive it was, it didn’t seem like it would exceed 1 gold.
“Isn’t that too expensive?”
“Ah, what are you talking about? If you pay 5 gold, they will do everything without doing anything? I’ll lend you a carriage, arrange lodging, and show you around tourist attractions. It’s cheap enough.”
Amy was annoyed. From the start, she didn’t want to make a fuss, so she stayed still, but now that she’s found a weak point, she even intends to take off her underwear and eat it.
They won’t even guide you properly anyway. Besides, even if he did, 5 gold would be an extravagant amount ten times the market price.
‘Haa, this is why I should have cut it in the grass.’
Amy regretted recalling the past. Why did she forget? The fact that this kind of people have a habit of climbing rather than stepping on them strongly.
“But no matter how much, 5 gold is a bit… … .”
“This is a tourist destination. Of course it is more expensive than the market price.”
“Well, anyway… … .”
“it’s okay. Just give it away and go somewhere else.”
Amy rummaged through her pockets. Wearing such people will only have the opposite effect. It was clear that once she backed off, she would demand more and more money for her weakness.
“Now, 5 gold here. I’ll give it to you, so take it and leave.”
Amy threw gold coins at Jess’ feet. Brilliant golden coins bounced at her feet.
“wow! gold coins! A real gold coin!”
Jis’s friends hurriedly picked up the gold coins that had fallen on the ground. Jis, on the other hand, did not move as if it had frozen.
If someone else had scattered the money, they might have picked it up and ran away, just like their friends. However, he couldn’t crawl on the ground at all in front of her worm-like gaze.
“… … What are you doing? What are we?”
“When is it different? I don’t need a guide or anything, so just disappear right in front of my eyes.”
“This is real! Did you say everything?”
“Hey, wait a minute. Don’t get excited… … ”
Sirone tried to intervene with a puzzled expression. It’s upsetting to be ripped off, but I didn’t expect Amy to turn out this way either.
“Sirone, it’s okay. It’s called dumping. What are you going to do? These are just scammers. They’ll extort more money on the excuse of showing you around. They are human scum that cannot be rehabilitated.”
Jess’s friends were stingy. It was literally that kind of business.
Sirone frowned and turned around.
“Amy, stop it.”
“What are you stopping? You know that we are afraid and avoid it because you accept it? I’d rather see you here… … .”
“Stop it though.”
Amy then shut her mouth. Since Sirone was not a noble, he might have felt uncomfortable seeing the scene from earlier.
But if this was not done, they would cling to it like leeches and suck blood until they withered to death.
Jess gritted her teeth and held back her anger. It was a life he had endured with only his pride. No matter how much he was insulted by the nobles, his heart was never broken.
“Geez, Jess. let’s stop You got the money.”
“Give it to me.”
“huh? what?”
“Give me the gold coin. Do you want to live like this? Don’t you have any pride as a man on the island?”
Jess took the gold coins from his friends one by one. I was thrilled just by carrying such a heavy weight.
But he clenched his fists as if to suppress his desire. And he looked back at Amy with cold eyes.
“Heh, arrogant nobles. I’m really envious of throwing 5 gold. How does that feel? I can’t even imagine, can I?”
Jess raised her chin proudly and scattered gold coins at Amy’s feet. Coins rolled around, shining brilliantly.
“aha? Are you feeling like this? That’s awesome. Guys, let’s go.”
Jess took her friends and went into an alley.
Amy was stunned by their brazenness. However, the target to fight was already gone.
“Ugh, just those. Sirone, why did you dry it? Guys like that need to be seen.”
“I know. But if you really don’t like it, you can get angry or reject it. I don’t think it was necessary to do this.”
“what do you mean? Are you saying I look down on people because I have a lot of money?”
“I don’t think so. But it turned out like that.”
“Are you saying that even though you know what kind of bastards they are? Didn’t you also get hurt when you were little?”
Sirone pursed his lips and asked. Maybe Amy is right. However, she did not want to see her act blaspheming others no matter how bad she was.
“it’s okay. go or go Let’s grab the wagon first.”
When Sirone didn’t say anything, Amy turned around and walked away. Tess, who was looking at her, scratched her head in embarrassment.
“this. The situation has become ambiguous.”
* * *
Entering the alleyway of Dock 3, Jess quarreled with her friends. He was supposed to catch his share when the ship came in, but now that his guests had gone out too, all he could do was argue.
“Jis! What if I give that money back! If it’s 5 gold, it’s money that you don’t have to pay for a few days.”
“Don’t you have any pride? You throw money away in front of your eyes, so you want me to accept it like a beggar?”
“Then how about it? After all, money is money.”
“I can’t do that. damn bitch! Even if you ignore me, you’re still oily!”
Jess clenched his fists and trembled. But his friends couldn’t understand him. What is it that makes you feel bad?
Of course, the behavior of the woman who threw away the money was a great humiliation to them, but the arrogant attitude of the nobles was not a recent thing anyway.
“Jiss, be honest. Did you have a crush on her?”
“what? Why do I like such a girl?”
“You build up your pride in front of the girl you like. But she said the boy is an aristocrat. It can’t be done anyway, and if you see that they give out 5 gold easily, the rank of the nobles will be very high.”
“So what? What if everything is noble? I’m Jis The body that will become the ruler of the port!”
At that moment, footsteps were heard in the dark alley. Jis’s hair stood on end at the characteristic sound of the gong driven into the sole of his shoe as it collided with the ground.
So did other friends. There was only one person in the harbor who made the sound of footsteps like this.
“Hey, Jess.”
He was a middle-aged man of medium height. A strong impression and fierce eyes like poisonous snakes. It was Falcoa, the leader of Freeman’s organization, which Jis’s gang belonged to.
Jess shook her shoulders. Falcoa was cruel. He didn’t mind being beaten, befitting his penchant for violence. If the number was wrong, whether it was 10 or 100 people, they ran and beat them at random. The word Galliant’s idiot didn’t come out of nowhere.
“Ah, Brother Falcoa. hello.”
Falcoa teased his chin and wrapped his arms around Jess. A disgusting smell stung Jess’ nostrils. A drug addict, he never took the loop out of his mouth for a moment.
“Give it up. Did you get the money?”
“Ah, that… … uh, no.”
“doesn’t exist?”
There was a cool light in Falcoa’s eyes. Thinking that they would have to pay for it at this rate, Jess’ friends prostrated themselves on the floor.
“Sah, save me! They said they don’t ride in our wagon! I clung to the end, but I was threatened… … .”
“okay? Then what did you throw away? It’s not money, it’s shit?”
Jess’s heart sank. He pretended not to know and seemed to have watched from beginning to end.
Would a frog feel like this when it was bitten by a viper’s fangs? I couldn’t breathe for fear.
“Haha, what do you do with these cute things?”
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 127 - Island. Galliant(4) 2.txt
===============================
[127] Island. Galliant(4)
Sirone’s party rented a wagon outside the port and went to the western resort. The wide white sandy beach was beautiful even from a distance. Numerous shops were lined up, and accommodations were built like mountain village houses along the mountain.
The place Lian rented was a villa located halfway up the mountain. As befits an aristocrat-only building, the site was large enough for four people to stay, and the view of the sea at a glance was satisfactory.
Sirone watched the sea from the terrace. The blue sea was foaming up and rushing into the white sandy beach.
As I watched the people leisurely bathing in the sea, I was able to forget the unpleasant dispute at the port for a moment.
Sirone and the others packed their belongings and lit a fire in the fireplace. After that, we gathered in the living room and relaxed for a while.
I was hungry because I hadn’t eaten anything except snacks from the morning until the afternoon.
Tess, who was thinking about what kind of food to eat to spread rumors that she ate well, bumped her palms as if she had come up with a good idea.
“Aha, should we rather eat?”
Ryan turned to her with a startled expression.
“What? Do you know how to cook too?”
“Huh, of course not. Did you think that you can’t even cook because you’re a prosecutor?”
“What else do I say? Military-style combat rations are acceptable.”
“What do you see a real person as? Do you know how to cook properly?”
Lian made a surprised expression. She hadn’t thought that the bum-like girl would say that she was confident in her cooking.
But this was exactly what Tess wanted. If I could imprint a different side of me on Lian, this trip was a great success.
“I’ll cook the most delicious dish for you, so you just need to buy the ingredients. how is it?”
“Hmm, is that so? Actually, it’s a bit like going out to eat from the first day, isn’t it? Sirone, how are you?”
“I’m fine too. The food you eat outside is delicious.”
Amy opened her mouth cautiously.
“then… … Shall I, cook?”
All eyes were focused on Amy. Of course, she wasn’t like Tess, so it wasn’t like she couldn’t cook.
However, he hadn’t expected that the miser-like personality would make food for men by herself.
Tess sensed Amy’s heart with a woman’s sense of smell.
‘Sirone, to be precise? Huhu, you have a very cute personality unlike what you see?’
Tess was strongly in favor. If the two could reconcile on this occasion, there would be nothing better.
“good. Let’s have a cooking showdown! Ryan vs Sirone! The two of them will get the ingredients and we’ll prepare to cook. how is it?”
Everyone agreed, and Sirone and Lian headed to the market with the list of ingredients the women had written down.
As the men disappeared, the atmosphere softened.
Tess, who was standing side by side washing the dishes, turned to Amy with mischievous eyes and asked.
“Is this your first time?”
“huh? What are you talking about?”
“You know just by looking at it. Wasn’t it your first fight with Sirone? You could clearly see they were flustered while arguing.”
Amy hurriedly returned her gaze to the tableware.
“We didn’t fight, it wasn’t the first time we fought, and it wasn’t even a fight for love.”
Tess giggled at the sorcerer’s three-level denial.
Wizards are said to be insidious because they are different from the outside, but in this case, it seemed rather cute.
“Still, did you keep a meticulous list of ingredients? Ho-oh, now that I see it, are you noticing tickling?”
Amy stopped washing the dishes and thought. She was between girls anyway, so she couldn’t say anything. In the end, she surrendered to Tess’ questioning and confessed her inner feelings.
“Sirone… … Sometimes it feels faint.”
“Oh, is it faint? That is poetic.”
Amy laughed, as if it was strange even to think of it.
“But it is true. Should I be transparent? As if it would disappear right in front of your eyes. Perhaps it is because Sirone has a different perspective than other people.”
“A different view? Could it be that you have eyes in strange places?”
“It could be. Most people see the world from their own point of view. But some people extend their horizons to the point of view of others. We usually call such a person a personality.”
“Hmm, if you think about it like that, I’m definitely not a person. You never know what other people think.”
“So do i. But Sirone is different. He’s kind and considerate, but I think the biggest factor is his different point of view.”
Tess smiled as if realizing it.
“aha! So the point is that he supported those bullies and didn’t take Amy’s side. yes? Right?”
Amy scratched her cheek in embarrassment.
“Well what… … . But if he was just a nice guy, he’d think so. But Sirone is different. In a sense, he has a different perspective than a person with personality.”
“A different view? What other sights do you have?”
Amy raised her index finger and pointed at the ceiling.
“Is it an omniscient point of view?”
“Omniscient… … ?”
“huh. When Sirone begins to see the world from an omniscient point of view, Sirone fades. It is different from us and different from any other human being. It is probably because he has an extremely high field of view where even his own existence is seen as a mere dot.”
Amy still remembers it vividly. The moment Shirone opened the Immortal Function without hesitation in order to save her entire school.
How could that be? It was different from suicide. Giving one’s life for others was a thousand times harder than choosing death for one’s own pain.
“When Sirone becomes transparent… … The boundary between self and others is blurred. Even you yourself become just a single human being just like everyone else. When you look down at the world from that point of view, what dominates Sirone? I think it’s a balance If one side of the scale tilts even slightly, Sirone will be able to get on the other side without hesitation. Even if the scale is death.”
“Ah, nonsense. Where would such a person be? Isn’t that a literal visionary?”
“But it is true. Because I am the one who benefits from that balance. No, all the students at the magic school were saved by Sirone.”
Tess couldn’t close her gaping mouth. One student saved the lives of all students. How much longer do we have to be surprised before we can say we know about Sirone?
A look of sadness crossed Amy’s face.
“I just had a thought. When Sirone stopped me, I wondered if maybe I was just a small dot looking at it from a high place. Sirone is with me. No, no different than anyone else. That’s why I’m excellent as a mage, but sometimes I’m sad.”
Tess gently shook Amy’s shoulder.
“Amy, don’t think so. Sirone really cares for you. So even though she thought it was a couple trip, she was asking you for a favor. You’re not like the common people on the streets. Always Karmis Amy.”
Amy smiled at Tess’ sincere encouragement. But that didn’t change her mind.
How much value does the existence of others have to Sirone, who coldly throws away even her own life?
“Amy, tell Sirone instead. Why didn’t you listen to me? He said he couldn’t sleep because he was so sad and angry. Can you talk like that?”
Amy smiled and shook her head.
“Sirone should know. The reason why you didn’t refute my words was because you were convinced. don’t worry too much it will be released soon It’s just like you said, it’s awkward because it’s the first time.”
Tess, with her direct personality, was frustrated. Once your feelings are offended, shouldn’t you call the person involved and put an end to it?
However, Amy ended up saying that there was nothing to talk about because everyone knew each other.
“Whoa, I don’t know how wizards think.”
* * *
Sirone and Lian arrived at the general store alley. The list of ingredients written on each piece of paper was different, so I felt like I would miss the evening when I looked around the maze-like shopping mall.
Sirone thought it would be better to move separately.
“Let’s break up here. I think I can just buy something and go back to the villa.”
“Is that so? But can you lift it by yourself? It must be heavy.”
Sirone looked at Lian with an absurd expression. No matter how weak you are, can’t you even lift garlic, onion, and pepper? Even though he had sworn an oath to become a knight, worrying about his shopping cart was not an option.
“it’s okay! I’ll take care of myself, so don’t get lost. You know it’s a cooking showdown, right? The loser washes the dishes.”
“good! Get along with Amy and let her do the dishes. It’s better to hope that you lose. If you want to reconcile with Amy.”
“What is reconciliation? We didn’t even fight.”
“huh? Didn’t you fight in the harbor? So, are you in a situation where you feel awkward with each other?”
“Amy is not so narrow-minded. There was just a little disagreement. If we exchange opinions with each other, anything can happen.”
“haha! You idiot, that’s what you call a fight.”
Sirone stopped talking. It was like that before, and it is like that now. When he heard that Ryan was an idiot, he felt strangely embarrassed.
“Anyway, it’s okay. I’ll go buy vegetables first, so see you at the villa.”
“Then I have to cut off meat first. Go first!”
Sirone stared blankly at Lian, who was charging toward the butcher shop. Just watching him run, he couldn’t imagine how much meat he would cut off.
Sirone checked the note Amy had written. I don’t know what kind of dish it is, but there were no hard-to-find ingredients.
However, the number of ingredients was more than that of Lian, so I had to work diligently to make it on time.
Sirone went around for about 30 minutes and bought most of the ingredients. At the same time, I also did sightseeing, and maybe because it was a resort, there were many unique and mysterious shops.
Vending machines with products and games were popular, and various performances and street marches were not uncommon.
For a commercial district to focus on entertainment to this extent, a huge number of tourists had to come in without a break.
As the saying goes, the streets were overflowing with people, and the sound of free laughter that could not be felt on the continent embroidered the southern sky.
‘Wow, there are so many interesting shops. I’ll have to play here tomorrow.’
After finishing the chapter, Sirone headed back to the villa.
At that moment, the door of the shop in front of me opened wide, and a woman fell to the floor as if being pushed.
“Kyaaaaagh!”
“Kyaa?”
Sirone’s head tilted at the strange scream. But she quickly came to her senses and moved closer.
It was a woman in her mid-twenties. She had bobbed hair and she had her bangs straight along her eyebrows, but thanks to her pretty face, she didn’t look ridiculous.
“Why, why are you like this? What do you think I did wrong?”
The woman got up and covered her chest with her arms. She was wearing a dress that cut her chest like a saloon woman.
His eyebrows were thin and his eyes were sharp, but his expression with the huge man in front of him looked as gentle as a herbivore.
“Hey, why are you doing this? We want to play together.”
“I am not that kind of girl!”
“No, what isn’t it? If you go around wearing that at a tourist destination, just ask. Why don’t you come and play with me?”
The person who intimidates the woman is a man named Gamos, who was a famous wealthy man on Galliant Island.
It was a huge body, but it was far from muscle, so it was made of scaffolding, and the abdominal obesity was especially serious.
However, the power of money seemed to be frightening, and on the left and right were accompanied by strong bodyguards.
“Follow me when I say nice things. To be honest, you’re not in a position to leave, are you?”
“Help me! Help me!”
Even while Gamos grabbed the woman’s wrist and was dragged away, no one stopped her.
Tourists don’t like to get involved in dangerous things in other places. Also, the locals were afraid of Gamos’ influence.
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 128 - Island. Galliant(5) 1.txt
===============================
[128] Island. Galliant(5)
“Hey! Stop!”
Please enable JavaScript
Sirone took a step and shouted.
Garmoth looked back at Sirone with an absurd expression. I wondered if a guy who didn’t know anything about anything jumped out, but he was a boy not yet twenty, and he was carrying a shopping cart in both his hands.
“What are you? Where does the child of a laborer grow up?”
“Please free her. Everyone is watching, and the security will come soon.”
“Puhahaha! guard? Do you know who I am?”
“If you know who you are, what difference does it make? If it continues like this, I will go and call the guards myself.”
“Hmm… … .”
When Garmoth loosened her grip, the woman hurriedly escaped and hid behind Sirone’s back. She was just a boy, but the only people she depended on were four, Shiro, in the crowd.
“Help me. that person me… … .”
Garmoth frowned and approached.
“Something like a beggar annoys people. Hey, kid, I’m a trader here on Galliant Island. That woman stole my things. She said that she also tried to steal fine porcelain and broke it and ate it.”
“yes? pottery?”
Sirone blinked. If the man’s words are true, then the woman standing behind her would be saying that she was stealing.
In the end, it was said that he tried to get compensation with his body because he stole something, and it was enough to cover the right and wrong, but it was an ambiguous situation to take someone’s side.
“okay. Of course, I used that as an excuse to ask for my body. But since I damaged the item, shouldn’t I be compensated in some way? Even if she calls the guards, she says it’s that woman who is being taken away.”
When Sirone turned around, the woman whose eyes met hurriedly averted her gaze.
“Is what he said true?”
“Yes, sorry. But I really needed that pottery. Really.”
“ha ha ha! There is no case in the world where pottery is absolutely necessary. money if you need it I was just trying to make money. Now you understand, kid? It’s better not to get involved with a girl like that. Of course, if you’re looking for a one-night stand, it’s perfect. Isn’t that right, gentlemen?”
The onlookers burst into laughter along with Garmoth. It wasn’t a situation where laughter would come out, but it was because the tension that had been overlapped with various factors was relieved at once.
“It looks like you came to hang out with your friends, so why not cook some delicious food. This is what happens when you carelessly interfere in the affairs of adults.”
The woman waved Sirone’s arm and ej*culated.
“Please don’t go. You never know what that man will do if you go.”
“How about embroidering? Talk to the guard and it will be resolved.”
“Never. That man has a tight grip on this island. Please trust me.”
“How much does the pottery cost?”
“I don’t know the price, but it’s probably around 50 silver.”
Sirone was lost in thought. It’s not difficult for her to shell out 50 silver for a woman. But is it right to compensate her for having money? Just as she had no right to condemn anyone’s sins, she thought, she had no right to pardon anyone’s sins.
Sirone made a decision and approached Garmoth.
“I will reimburse the price of the pottery instead. So please release the woman.”
Gamos narrowed his eyes in surprise. Of course, 50 silver is not a lot of money for nobles. However, what is the intention of protecting the woman even while confronting herself, who is in a powerful position in Galliant?
“Oh, I see now that you intend to occupy it? Well, where would a kid like you get such a beauty for 50 silver?”
Sirone’s brow narrowed. Well, I was offended by the words of Garmoth, who treated me as horny just because I could see something in my eyes.
“I don’t think so. Do you think everyone is like you?”
“Then why are you leaving? That woman was stealing. Just hand her over to the guards and she’ll be fine.”
“It’s not for me to judge what this woman did. Still, the reason she spends 50 silver is because she believes that she shouldn’t pay a greater price for her sins. If she intends to add something of her own to this woman, she will take this money and finish it.”
The woman who heard Sirone’s words lit up her eyes as if she had realized something. Gamos, on the other hand, snorted at her. I only pay 50 silver, so what’s the point of thinking so complicated?
“Here, 50 silver. Please forgive her now.”
Garmoth stared at the silver coin on Sirone’s palm.
To be honest, I couldn’t feel better. She was also a woman to be missed, and she didn’t like Shirone’s attitude either.
From his point of view, it looked like an ignorant kid who was enchanted by the beauty and turned his eyes away.
“There is no need for compensation. It’s overflowing and overflowing anyway, because it’s money. Instead, there is one condition.”
“condition? What is it?”
“I know you are a wonderful man who sacrifices himself for women. If so, can you apologize to me on behalf of that woman? It means to bow your head to me in front of everyone.”
The attention of the onlookers was focused on Sirone. It was not common to endure humiliation for the sake of others, but Sirone willingly walked out.
“all right. If you forgive me for that, I apologize.”
“Don’t just talk, keep your head down. I mean to offer a very polite apology.”
Sirone bent down deeply.
“I apologize on behalf of this woman for stealing the pottery. Please forgive me.”
“Hmm.”
The man arrogantly lowered his eyes and looked at Sirone. Then he burst out laughing, so he took a step and whipped out an uppercut.
Seeing the fist rising in front of her eyes, Sirone reflexively backed away. The back of the giant’s hand passed in front of him, causing the sound of the wind.
“What, what are you doing?”
Gamos clicked his tongue as if he knew that and pointed at Sirone.
“Look. did you avoid it? You didn’t really apologize to me. Maybe you could have saved that woman if you had been punched. but you avoided It’s because I was afraid of getting hit. now you know The world isn’t that kind. If you can refute, try it. You are just pretending to be nice.”
People agreed to Garmoth’s words. If she really meant to save her, she could have shut her eyes and beaten her. But Sirone avoided it. After all, she was saying that she was faking it.
Voices of contempt flew from here and there.
“So it is. He took all the forms, and now he is revealing his true colors. I thought I was a great saint again, what is it?”
“Anyway, kids these days are so rude. That way, I know he looks really cool.”
Sirone couldn’t understand people’s reactions.
“What’s wrong with my avoidance?”
“I still don’t know how embarrassing this is! Everyone watching here is disappointed in you. At one point, he acted like a great apostle of justice, and it was all a pretense!”
Sirone’s face turned into an embarrassment.
“What are you talking about? Isn’t it better to do something good, even if it’s fake, than to do something bad like you?”
“what? that… … .”
Garmoth became mute after eating honey. Even those who had been ridiculing them could not hide their bewilderment.
The woman who stood back and watched the situation came to a conclusion close to certainty.
‘My guess was correct. this child… … It’s a wizard.’
The magician does not ask ‘Who is the correct answer?’ What they questioned was ‘what is the correct answer?’
This boy doesn’t rationalize himself. The method of acknowledging the facts and inferring the correct answer was a common thinking system among wizards.
The woman sneered at the dumb people who ate honey.
‘Hmph, those who didn’t even think of helping anyone but were only focused on degrading other people’s good deeds, that’s why you can’t do it.’
In any case, it was time to move. It was best to get out of the gap where people’s eyes were focused on Sirone and Gamos.
The woman, who moved slowly along the wall, quickly turned a corner and disappeared at some point.
Meanwhile, Garmoth’s face was flushed. The boy, who had offended everyone from his appearance until now, was now blaspheming his own outlook on life.
Even in front of a lot of people.
“Little boy, you seem to have touched the wrong person.”
Garmoth’s voice sank heavily. It was her original voice after taking off the merchant’s mask. Then, the quick-witted bodyguards pulled out the swords that were worn around their waists.
Living is just an idea, but it is a force that affects reality. This is because humans imagine death just by having a sharpened long sword in space.
“What are you looking at? Hurry up and beat it up!”
At Garmoth’s instructions, bodyguards rushed from left and right. He wouldn’t kill people recklessly, but he was prepared to cut down if necessary.
At that moment, dirt and dust flew in the eyes of the bodyguard. Then another stone flew in and hit another bodyguard in the forehead.
Sirone looked back at the spot where the stone flew. On the way into the alley, the woman from earlier was standing with a pile of stones in her arms.
She continued to throw stones at him. Then, as her bodyguards backed off, she grabbed Sirone by the wrist and ran down her alleyway.
“Let’s run away! Follow me this way!”
“uh? excuse me… … .”
Sirone knew early on that the woman had left.
Even so, I thought it was fortunate that I pretended not to know.
Gamos, who I had a direct conversation with, was a person who would make a woman pay much harsher than the punishment for her sins.
“Then why did you come back?”
“hurry! If you get entangled with them, you’ll be in trouble!”
The two of them ran down the maze-like alleyway. Thanks to the woman penetrating the complex road, the figure of the two disappeared from the bodyguard’s sight in an instant.
Garmoth’s voice came from the market.
“Catch them all and catch them! I’ll throw out a very premature sentence!”
* * *
The warehouse was hot with the heat of violence. Falcoa’s kicks mercilessly slammed into Jess’ side as he fell to the floor and curled up.
It felt like my heart stopped every time I hit it. I was so terrified that I couldn’t even remember where I was hit. Stimulation and non-stimulation were all that could be felt.
“A worm-like child. That’s right, do you feel good? huh? You’ll feel good. So be more correct.”
Jess’s friends were kneeling in the corner of the warehouse.
My eyes were swollen from crying, but the tears showed no signs of stopping.
“Please forgive me! We’ll go out and earn it! I really want to die like this!”
“Oh yeah? Then, will you be right from now on?”
My friends’ bodies stiffened. Falcoa’s face, with her eyes wide open, looked like a demon.
If you put your mind to it, you could kill Jiss as much as you like. But Falcoa didn’t purposely punch him in the face. That fact made me even more afraid.
Falcoa grabbed Jess by the hair and lifted it with all his might. Jess jumped to his feet even when his strength was exhausted.
He wasn’t hit in the head, but his eyes were open. It felt like my brain was paralyzed just by the mental shock.
“Sah, save me. sorry… … .”
“Are you sick? it hurts? say it. it hurts? it hurts?”
Falcoa slapped Jess across the cheek. Even though it wasn’t a particularly powerful attack, Jis convulsed every time he was hit.
Friends burst into tears again.
‘Oh, you crazy child. I’m going to catch a real person like this.’
Falcoa kicked Jess to the ground. It wasn’t for any particular reason.
If I had to argue, it was because I felt the medicinal effect of the loop I put in my mouth was diminishing?
“You said you gave back 5 gold because your pride was hurt? nice You’re so handsome, Jess.”
“sorry! I won’t do that again!”
Jess was embarrassed. he wanted to fight But he was too scared. Pride was useless in the face of Falcoa’s madness. I felt like I could do anything if I could get out of here.
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 129 - Island. Galliant(6) 2.txt
===============================
[129] Island. Galliant(6)
“I mean I lost 5 gold. Taking back what you gave is the worst thing in the world. The woman will have to pay her damages.”
Please enable JavaScript
Falcoa lifted Jess’ face. Jis, his jaw lifted until his back was broken, couldn’t even breathe. He could have severed his spine if he had tilted it any further.
“Are you sick? it will hurt I am very strong.”
“Live… … please.”
“Will I not hurt you? Chew this. Then it won’t hurt at all.”
Jess turned his gaze even in the midst of hardship. Tree roots were held in his falcoa’s hand.
Born and raised on the island, he knew. He was a loop, the stimulant of the natives. As it was a drug used to obtain access to drugs, its addictiveness was incomparable to other drugs. Isn’t there a theory that Kergoin also perished due to excessive use of loops?
“please. That’s all… … .”
Jess begged earnestly. He had to assume that once he became addicted to loops, his life was over.
He would go through life in the gutter, and his sister, who was the only family member, had no choice but to be driven to the street in the end.
Falcoa put the loop he had given Jess into his mouth as if he knew it.
What about addiction? If you can’t live without a loop, it’s enough to use it for the rest of your life.
“You are the coward of the world. This is God’s stimulant. Anyway, what are you going to do now? Will you bring me?”
“yes? will you bring me? Who?”
“That red-haired girl. Three three. You can probably sell it for a higher price, keke. Of course, I have to sell it at a medium price.”
Jess was shocked. To think that they would trafficking aristocrats and not anyone else. However, if it was Falcoa’s mental state that was addicted to loops, it was enough.
‘it’s crazy. I’m not crazy.’
Falcoa was the acting chief of the Freeman organization. He was also the highest-ranking person Jis, who was only a habari, could contact.
I never met the captain, Freeman, but one of his mandates was a ban on human trafficking.
“Ha, but if you do that, you will be kicked out of the organization. In the Code of Conduct… … Aww!”
The studded shoe turned Jess’ chin. His mind whirled and he couldn’t think of anything.
Falcoa grabbed Jess by the head and lifted him up. The moment he heard the cold voice, Jiss’ focus returned.
“Or what? Would you like to bring your sister?”
“That, that… … .”
Jess’ body trembled. Anger and fear mixed together, and emotions that could not be guessed at the taste rose up.
My sister was a precious existence that could not be exchanged for anything. She didn’t want to show her such a dirty world.
“Oh, didn’t you tell me? Actually, I like your sister. Could you take this opportunity to introduce yourself?”
A rotten smell came from Falcoa’s mouth as he chewed on the loop.
* * *
Sirone and the woman managed to escape Garmoth’s bodyguards after running through the alleys for 30 minutes.
As expected of those who trained, the speed was fast, but the psychological warfare using blind spots to turn round and round was effective.
The two leaned against the wall for a while to catch their breath. I ran so much that I could taste blood in my mouth and my legs were shaking.
The woman looked at the panting Sirone and let out a laugh.
“Huh, you have surprisingly good stamina, don’t you? I thought you would give up after running because you look pretty.”
“If you give up, you will be caught. I’m dying hard But there… … are you okay?”
“I am Marsha. I’m good at running away, so this much is nothing. Let’s go somewhere and rest. I’m thirsty, so I need a beer. I’ll buy you a drink in return.”
Sirone was puzzled. Despite being chased by her, Marsha showed no sign of nervousness.
Besides, drinking beer means having money, so why did he steal?
“Oh, I guess I should stop and see.”
“Anyway, I can’t go around now. Let’s wait at a store I know. Garmoth is savage, but he’s so stupid that he quickly forgets about it. If you can hold out for an hour, you won’t even pursue it because you’ll be distracted from playing. And most of all, it’s because I’m scared. Can you stay by my side for a moment?”
Marsha stuck out her tongue and squinted her eyes. Although not bewitched by her dainty appearance, Sirone finally agreed to her words. More than anything else, if she gets captured by Gamoth now, things will escalate irreversibly.
“all right. But I don’t think I can stay long because my party is waiting.”
“okay. Let’s just wait until Garmoth’s men give up. come here.”
Marsha walked around the alley and led Sirone to a dark bar. I wondered if anyone would come to this place to have a drink, but it was surprisingly crowded.
“Hmm, this place doesn’t change even after years.”
“Isn’t that where you used to go often? It’s a bar I knew earlier… … .”
“Oh, I used to come often. It’s been 3 years since Galliant Island. A friend lives here.”
“I see. I thought I was a local because I knew the way so well.”
“Huh, I will never forget a road I’ve seen once. Running away is part of my life.”
As Marsha took Sirone and sat down at the bar, the men with stern looks all turned around. It was because the harmony between a beautiful woman and a young boy was heterogeneous.
“People are staring.”
“don’t mind. This is a bar where only the troubled children of the island come. When an incident happens, information is received here first, so you can know when Garmoth gives up.”
“Isn’t that rather dangerous? Your subordinates might come here.”
“Gamos is the one who rules the island, not the trouble maker. So this is… … It’s like some kind of resistance. Should we call it a community of destiny?”
Sirone did not believe it straight away. In a place where so many people came and went, it was virtually impossible to completely control the information.
‘This is something that cannot be done with the system alone. Where possible, conventions or regulations. But why? They won’t get anything?’
As Sirone stared at her, Marsha smiled embarrassedly.
“Oh no, I really can’t. yes, that’s right This pub is in collusion with the Municipality of Galliant. Even the officials are supposed to turn a blind eye to what happens here.”
“As expected. But why would the government do such a thing?”
“Money. Money laundering, slush fund creation, circulation of lobby funds, etc. This is what they call Island Gate. Is it a system created by the characteristics of a closed island? there was an agreement It guarantees the safety of criminals in return for circulating funds in the shadows. reciprocity. What, isn’t it the world to live like that? Hi-Hi!”
Marsha flicked the stick in her mouth. Her eye smile, bent like a seagull, looked somehow sad.
“It’s funny when you think about it, what is it? There is a lot of talk about punishing criminals, but in the end, it is criminals who fill their stomachs. It breaks large amounts of money that cannot be swallowed into small pieces to make them easier to digest. Are they like microbes in society? Without microbes, organisms die.”
Sirone couldn’t answer. The social system that went against human nature was too complex and colorful for an 18-year-old boy to judge.
“You said something too serious. Did you say Sirone? What did you come to the island for?”
“I came to play with my friends. I want to bathe in the sea and see historical sites.”
“Kergo Ruins? Have you been there before Ah, I was young then, but I’m already twenty-seven. I might die of old age as an old virgin. how old are you?”
“I’m 18.”
“Oh my, it’s more than I thought? You are very young.”
“My sister also looks younger than her age. Oh, can I call you sister?”
“then. It all starts with my sister. If you become a lover later, you can call me whatever you like, ho ho ho!”
Sirone raised the corner of his mouth as if it was absurd. To an 18-year-old boy, she was an adult that a 27-year-old woman could not surpass.
But other than that, Marsha was a much more intelligent and rational woman than expected.
The conversation was pleasant, and Sirone, alert, opened up about what had happened at the port.
Marsha nodded and said, as if she had any guesses.
“Ah, you got caught by a street tout. not evil Still, 5 gold was a bit harsh.”
“yes. In the end, I’m in a bad mood because I had a disagreement with my friend. I’d still be waiting I will be scolded when I go back.”
Marsha checked the time and asked the bartender.
“What happened to the Garmoth gun?”
As the bartender wiped the cup like a deaf person, Marsha placed a silver coin.
Then the bartender’s mouth opened as if it had never happened.
“The news that came in 10 minutes ago said that it spread all over the main road. There are probably 40 people blocking all the streets.”
“Uh, still? That person is so tenacious.”
“Originally, the Garmos alarm goes off right away. The lid must have been opened today.”
Marsha looked back at Sirone and smiled bashfully. Sirone also had nothing to say. Because he was the one who blew off Garmoth’s head cap.
Marsha went back to her original story.
“Anyway, it’s good to deal with street touts in moderation and avoid them. They are children who belong to an organization of their own. Once you start getting tangled up, it becomes difficult to handle.”
“okay. Actually, I hadn’t even thought about that.”
“Whoa, do you need to know? Are you here to play anyway? But there is always a danger lurking in the pleasure of tourists. The island is narrow and closed. If you want to share limited goods, you have no choice but to compete more fiercely than inland.”
Sirone engraved it in his mind. He planned to stay on the island for ten days, so he would meet many solicitors for a while.
It was a shame because I had listened to Marsha’s advice.
Sirone suddenly realized and looked at Marsha.
According to what I observed during the conversation, he was a really nice person. He was affectionate and witty, and he had the prudence not to judge his opponent’s words.
Why would such a person shoplift? Judging by the willingness to tip the bartender, it seemed that he had no shortage of money.
“Hey, I wonder if I can ask you this, but I’m really curious.”
Marsha leaned back in her chair and looked up at the ceiling.
“Whoa, I was nervous whenever you asked. but sirone. A woman’s three sizes are not heard with her ears, but imagined in her head.”
“no! Not that! Why did you steal the pottery?”
“huh?”
“I don’t think you are the kind of person to shoplift. And saying that you don’t have money was a lie. Why did he steal the pottery, which isn’t particularly useful? … .”
“Hmm.”
Marsha rested her chin and thought.
“I don’t know. Should I just say that I wanted to steal it?”
“yes? Can you?”
“It can be. It’s called stealing. Of course, it wasn’t like that from the beginning. i was an orphan My parents abandoned me when I was four years old. A man from the mercenary group picked it up and raised it, and he became my adoptive father.”
Sirone’s heart trembled at the unexpected words. Marsha, like herself, was abandoned by her own parents.
“But it was far from a comfortable life. The Mercenary Corps is a place full of strange people. When I was 11 years old, one of the savage mercenaries tried to get his hands on me. Fortunately, my adoptive father found it first and beat it up.”
“of course. Her daughter could have been through that. Anybody would.”
“Huh, is that really so?
“yes?”
Marsha looked down at the bar with sad eyes. For some reason, it felt like her eyes were getting wet.
“Every day I was given a piece of bread and a glass of water. The adoptive father gave nothing but that. Clothes, sweets, and toys. In the end, you bred me. That’s when I started stealing from others. One day, I was caught stealing apples, but they obediently paid for it. But as soon as I got home, he changed his mind and started beating me. Say nothing, until I pass out.”
“It is too much. If you can afford to pay for it, wouldn’t it be better if you bought it from the beginning? And why didn’t you ask for one?”
“Because that was what my adoptive father wanted. subservience to oneself. All I could resist was stealing every day. Of course, the day I got caught was beaten to death. It was a terrible day. Then, one day, they all gave up. So I told my adoptive father this.”
Marsha supported her chin as if recalling that time.
“You can kill me.”
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 130 - Island. Galliant(7) 2.txt
===============================
[130] Island. Galliant(7)
Sirone was heartbroken. How beaten could he be to say such words come out of the mouth of a child?
Please enable JavaScript
“Since that day, the words have become a kind of incantation. Every time my adoptive father beat me, he said this. you can kill me Then the adoptive father stopped beating and left with an angry expression. Whoops, I just lived like that. When I was 12, when I was 13, until I left home when I was 17.”
“You’re the same age as me now.”
“Yes, I am old enough to open my eyes to the world. Then one day, I finally realized the meaning of the actions my adoptive father had done to me. No, maybe you already knew. That’s why I didn’t ask for anything.”
Sirone could guess now. Marsha’s adoptive father had a terrible idea that he should never have.
“Like a fool. If you want to do it, I’d rather do it coolly. If that was the case, I wouldn’t have gotten messy for 17 years. In the end, he was a pathetic coward who could neither do this nor that. Since then, I’ve been carrying a knife in my arms. One day I saw the eyes of my adoptive father who was beating me. Ugh, sorry I couldn’t see you. So I just said it.”
Marsha spoke calmly with restrained emotions.
“You can hug me.”
“… … Did your adoptive father do that?”
“Huh, strangely, there was no twist to this story. The human attacked me as if he had waited, and I stabbed my throat with a knife. I honestly didn’t feel anything. Then I left home and wandered around the world until I came here.”
Sirone was heartbroken. When he heard from the mouth of the person concerned about a story he had only heard about in books or rumors, unknown resentment filled him.
“Well, hey, what should I say… … .”
“are you okay! Now I just have to eat and live. The adoptive father died, but the kleptomaniac didn’t disappear easily. It’s not the first time or two that I’ve been in trouble because of this. Ugh.”
When Marsha smiled brightly, Sirone felt better too. She thought it was amazing that she was able to be considerate of her opponent even though she had been through that.
“If it is an unforgettable pain, I think hugging is a way. Noona is doing her best to overcome the pain. Kleptomaniac will soon disappear.”
“Thank you for understanding. If you were going to do something to me tonight, it worked.”
“no! i really… … !”
“know. My face blushed for no reason. If I had a younger brother like you, I would not be bored.”
“Me too. In fact, I also thought that Marsha noona was really like her biological sister.”
“Hi-Hi! Ok, thanks.”
Sirone was sincere. The other day, he thought about how he wished he had a brother while watching the relationship between Rian and Raina.
If you had a sister, would you feel the same way you do now? Her way of speaking and every action made Sirone feel at ease.
In the meantime, the bartender who had entered the room came out.
I don’t know the detailed structure, but it seemed that all kinds of information was being collected from the room he came out of.
“Gamos alert is off. They say they’re going back to the mansion to have a party, as if they’ve found a girl they like.”
“Phew, but I’m glad it’s not too late.”
Marsha glanced at Sirone with sullen eyes.
“Hey, do you think you hated being with me that much? Just a while ago, she said in a baby-like voice, “Marcia, please be my older sister.”
“… … I didn’t say it that way.”
Sirone felt the same way. It was the first time that he, who was not used to women, had a conversation without noticing the passage of time.
However, I had to leave for the sake of the family members of the villa who were waiting for the boat.
“I guess I have to go back. Can I see you again?”
“of course. Are you afraid that you will run away in the middle of the sea? If you’re bored, come and play. Because I intend to stay here.”
“haha! Yes, then I will go.”
When Sirone left the bar, Marsha ordered a strong drink with a light expression on her face.
As expected, the two men who had been waiting for an opportunity until now approached as if they had been waiting.
“It’s fresh. Maybe because I was drunk with you, I paid more for my drinks than usual.”
“Getting a room? This is where a woman alone never knows what’s going to happen. How about going in with me?”
Marsha didn’t even turn her head.
“go away. before killing them.”
“what? did you say everything? Do you want to be treated properly today?”
The man held the bottle upside down on the table. People looked back at the bar with a sudden sense of tension.
As her eyes focused, Marsha sighed inaudibly. She then suddenly changed her demeanor and let out a crackling laugh.
“Ho-ho-ho! All right, go to your room. But can you handle it with only two people? Why don’t you bring more friends?”
“What, what?”
“Bring it. 10 people? No, 20 people don’t matter. I’ll play with you all night, so bring it to me. I hate interruptions the most.”
The men were offended without even knowing why. But Marsha knew. The fact that when breeding competition intensifies, males reveal their natural weakness.
“What, what, damn it. go crazy girl Let’s go.”
“Ah, it’s because I’m out of luck.”
Marsha looked at the men walking away as if they were pathetic, then turned away.
Before I knew it, the drink I ordered was up. When I passed it all at once, a fire shot out of my throat and my mind became hot.
“Huuuuuuuuuuuuuuu, this is how it should be. Bartender, another drink.”
Instead of serving a new glass, the bartender came over and poured Marsha’s glass.
“… … Is that Marsha?”
“Huh, then, is there another Marsha?”
“I heard that you’re wanted by the Magic Association, but you’ve been avoiding it so far. Did you come in at all?”
“no. I’ll be there soon. I just came here for a moment to sort things out.”
“I would like it to proceed as quietly as possible. When a big guy like you makes a fuss, the island gets messy. We don’t want the agreement broken. If you promise to cooperate, I’ll let you stay here for a while.”
“it’s okay. I didn’t even have a good idea here from the beginning.”
The bartender polished the beer glass until it clicked. After remaining silent for a long time, he spoke indifferently.
“The boy must be disappointed.”
“Whoops. are you okay. Originally, at that age, I was broken hearted and that’s it.”
“I thought you liked it?”
“It was fun. Ha ha, to be honest, it was a bit risky.”
Marsha hugged her shoulders and looked up at the ceiling.
“How can there be such a disgusting human being?”
take precedence (1)
The villa was quiet, as if no one was there.
Amy was sitting on the sofa by the fireplace, and Lian and Tess were too busy staring at her to say a word.
Sirone wasn’t coming. It’s already been 2 hours since I went to the market, so unless I’m bringing fish out of the sea, it’s time to come back already.
“Sir, is Sirone late?”
Tess, who spoke out to melt the frozen atmosphere, was startled. He felt like his voice was being heard louder than usual.
Even so, Amy was staring at the darkness without even a slight movement.
‘Oh, it’s completely thin ice.’
Tess shuddered. In fact, she seemed to be in a bad mood for Amy, as much as she felt the chills.
Of course, as a woman, it was completely understandable. Apart from the meaning of a couple’s trip, wasn’t it the first exciting vacation for the two of them?
‘Sirone, you were too careless. This is disappointing for me too. Chet!’
Crayfish are on the side of the crab, Tess sided with Amy.
As a woman, she knew how much Amy had yielded to Sirone.
Despite a disagreement at the port, she readily offered to cook. Men might think that’s a big deal, but from a woman’s point of view, it was the most honest way of expressing her feelings, ‘I want to reconcile with you quickly.’
But Sirone was an hour behind Lian. If she’s lost, she might be, so it’s not the time for her to worry, but Amy wants her to take responsibility for even such trivial parts.
“Oh, I am hungry. Why the hell aren’t you coming? Shall I go out and look for it?”
Lian murmured, holding on to her stomach without noticing. She wasn’t the kind of girl who decided to eat a few meals a day, so she was patient with an hour’s grace.
“it’s okay. And then we get confused.”
“okay? Then can I eat the potatoes I bought?”
Tess raised her ax eye and shouted.
“Why are you so gullible? Think about Amy.”
“What is so serious? Sirone said she had more to live for than me. It could be late.”
Tess was stunned. Even though Sirone wasn’t her own partner, and already resonated with Amy, she seemed to hate even Rihanna.
“Even if Sirone has a lot to live for, she’s smarter than you, so it’s normal to come sooner than later. So, this is a very serious matter! You decide whether to eat potatoes or green onions in the corner.”
“Why are you so temperamental? What did I do?”
Ryan scratched his head like a bear. He couldn’t be particularly selfish, as he was indifferent to the sound of swearing at him.
Amy was the first to speak. She tried to smile as if she was sorry for ruining the mood.
“Sorry, because of me. Just cook and eat from you guys. I’ll eat with Sirone when he comes.”
“I can’t do that. It was a cooking competition.”
“But Lian is hungry. It’s because Sirone is late anyway. What should we lose?”
Tess soothed Amy with a tearful expression.
“It’s okay, Amy. In fact, I’m not hungry at all. What should I do with that insectivore?”
Ryan was really chewing raw potatoes in the corner. He was a man who couldn’t even skim, but his physical strength was comparable to that.
In a way, it was pitiful to see that in order to maintain tremendous strength, the calorie consumption would be several times higher than that of a normal person.
Silence ensued, unable to come to a conclusion, as Amy put her foot on the chair and rested her cheek on her lap.
‘Why aren’t you coming? What really happened?’
He’s not a kid who doesn’t keep his promises. But he wasn’t stupid enough to waste time by making mistakes.
Perhaps there were unavoidable circumstances.
But no matter how hard I tried, I couldn’t help feeling sad.
‘You brought me. Except for you, everyone I meet today.’
It was lonely. Although they became close, Lian and Tess had a sympathetic relationship as partners. There was no room for Amy to squeeze in between them.
thump. thump.
someone knocked on the door Tess’s face brightened and Rihanna clenched her fists at the thought that she could finally eat.
“Are you Sirone? wait a minute… … !”
Before Tess could finish her words, Amy walked to the door. she shouted as she raised her eyes and threw open her door as she had the temper.
“hey! Where the hell are you and what are you doing now… … huh?”
Amy opened the door and blinked her eyes.
It wasn’t Sirone. It’s not even that I don’t know. What is certain is that he is not supposed to come here.
Jis, who had been scrambling in the harbor, stood there.
“what? Why are you coming here?”
Jess’ face turned red. I never thought it would be this woman who opened the door and came out.
My teeth gnashed when I remembered the events of the day, but my heart skipped a beat when I saw an unfamiliar figure in comfortable clothes.
Gathering his senses, Jis shamelessly inspected the interior of the villa. His stomach ached from being hit by Falcoa, but his expression was undisturbed.
“Wow, this is really nice. Are nobles different?”
“Are you asking what’s going on? How did you know we were here?”
“I searched and found it. If Jis, the ruler of the port, puts his mind to it, that’s not a big deal. Now you know, how fast am I on the island?”
“so? You came here just to show off that one trick?”
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 131 - Priority(2).txt
===============================
[131] What takes precedence (2)
“haha! no. Come to think of it, I think I did something wrong during the day. To be honest, I was ripped off. Originally, I don’t get that much, but I guess I was too greedy. let me restore your honor I’ll show you where I’m really having fun.”
Please enable JavaScript
Tess said, putting her hand on her hip.
“No work. I’m so uncomfortable I’m dying. Amy, just kick it out.”
“Yes. So goodbye.”
As Amy tried to close the door, Jess thrust her hand in, showing a look of urgency.
There was no written script, but words came out quickly, like a man who was born on this floor.
“Now, wait a minute! If you don’t want your friends to come, you can come by yourself.”
“why me? Is this a bit suspicious?”
“good! okay! I’ll be honest. i actually… … I’m very upset.”
“To whom?”
“Even street touts have associations. My actions must have reached the ears of the superiors. So I asked the rude guest to show me around the island. If rumors spread, tourists wouldn’t use touts. Can’t we just stop by for a moment and then go? Otherwise, I will be completely cut off from food. I might really have to beg like a beggar.”
“Hmm.”
Amy didn’t look suspicious. Jess, terrified, anxiously awaited her verdict.
“Okay, let’s get some fresh air and come back. I’ll change my clothes and come back, so wait here.”
Jess raised his head. He sure he came for it but he never thought he’d get it so easily.
On the other hand, Tess, who was listening, was bewildered. No way, he didn’t know that he would fall for the words of such a solicitor.
Thinking that she must be upset about Sirone, she hurriedly followed Amy.
“Amy! What are you going to follow? How can you trust that child?”
“are you okay. If it’s dangerous, I’ll just come back.”
“Let’s think about it a little longer. What about Sirone?”
“it’s okay. you know what to do Ryan must be hungry too. How long are you going to keep him waiting? what was better I’ll eat outside, so spend time with Ryan.”
After changing her clothes and tidying up her hair, Amy went down the hallway. Tess persuaded him to the end, but it was reckless.
“Do you really want to go? Then should I come back soon? just get some fresh air If it’s late, can we go find it?”
“I know. Ryan, I’ll be out for a while. Sirone, when you come back, starve yourself.”
Ryan was cautious. The hunger-like appearance disappeared and he was watching the situation seriously.
Would it be right to let her go? However, it would have been funny if the person concerned wanted to go, but he did not know if he was being dragged away.
“Did you say Jess? let’s go.”
“huh? Uh, yes!”
Jess was stunned. She couldn’t bring herself to her senses the moment she came down the stairs to her second floor in a girlish black dress.
When Amy went out, the villa was empty. Tess sighed and shook his head, his head convoluted.
“Oh wow, how did this happen? The atmosphere was good until just now.”
“Wouldn’t it have been better if I went with you?”
“You idiot, don’t you know a woman’s heart that much? How miserable would Amy be if someone else’s partner escorted her? Anyway, where the hell did Sirone go?”
Lian walked to the window and watched Amy get into the carriage.
The stars above the sea were twinkling like they were about to pour.
* * *
Jess sat across from Amy. Since he put her on her wagon, it was safe to say that her operation was more than 80% successful.
“now! Then let’s go! Hey, let’s go!”
The coachman nodded and shook the reins, and the twins shook the cabin and jumped out.
Jess continued to play his mouth. He was reciting even trivial things that he didn’t want to know. Who cares whether the vegetable shop owner is having an affair with the widow or not?
Amy hadn’t said a word until then, just staring at the night view outside the window. Preoccupied with her thoughts, Jess didn’t even hear her words.
At some point, Jiss also realized that and stopped talking.
In fact, looking at Amy’s face like this made me the happiest. Her expression, calm and subdued, was completely different from her anger during the day.
Did Falcoa really intend to sell this beautiful girl? At first, I didn’t realize it, but once I put it on the wagon, fear overtook me.
“It takes a long time. Where are you going?”
Amy was the first to speak. Coincidentally, the most poignant question made Jiss startled and made up her words.
“Ah, so… … it’s a bit far Because it’s the best place in Galliant. It’s true, you’ll know when you go.”
“okay? Will the boss who took me take me there?”
Jess’ heart sank.
Since when did you know? Maybe from the beginning? Then why on earth did he get into the carriage and why hadn’t he said a word until now?
Jess’s face did not know that it would be released from the frozen state. Her head went pale, so no lies came to mind.
“That’s it… … .”
“You don’t have to lie. Isn’t it just by looking at the eyes? I’m so scared that I’m ejaculating, but I’m stupid not knowing. good luck anyway I’m only going to fool you this once.”
“Tricked… … You say?”
“okay. I don’t know what made you a scapegoat, but quit when this job is over. I’m saving you because you’re so pitiful.”
Jess’s face heated up.
“what! Am I pitiful?”
“Then would you be pitiful or envious?”
“Hey, this is really… … !”
Amy asked before Jess could get angry.
“Did you throw gold coins at me?”
“That, that… … .”
Jess averted her gaze. He shuddered just thinking about the day’s events. For that action he is beaten to death by Falcoa. It was a trauma he would never forget for the rest of his life.
“Kids like you can’t last long on this floor. People who have a lot of things they want to protect are only used and then abandoned.”
“Sheesh, how do you know that? A well-rounded aristocrat who met his parents well.”
“At least I know more than you. Because at one time I also snooped around this way. Of course, I was in a much higher position than you.”
Jess bit her lip. In the end it is. No matter how much she raised her pride and raised her voice, it was impossible to face her on equal heights.
“Are you sympathetic?”
“okay.”
“I don’t want to receive sympathy. never.”
“So, float on the floor. This might be your last chance.”
Jess felt defeated and lowered his head. She was right. If she hadn’t given her sympathy, she and her brother would have been going through hell by now.
“Sheesh.”
As Jess clicked her tongue, Amy looked out the window. It was as if a cool sea breeze blew and gently calmed her eyelids.
“I don’t like guys like you.”
“what?”
“You mean throwing coins at me. If you’re a man, you should have that level of strength. If I was just a backstreet bully, I would never have gotten into this carriage.”
Jess’ face turned red like a carrot.
“damn. Are you sick and giving me medicine? This is why nobles don’t like it. same as before Some ridicule and some stop. Because it’s just arbitrary.”
Amy, who was supporting her chin, grinned.
“Oh, Sirone? That child is also a commoner. So he must have stopped you.”
“what? commons? You mean he was a commoner and not an aristocrat?”
Jess’s eyes widened. He thought it was a joke at first. Otherwise, there would be no reason for such a beautiful girl to hang out with a man of a lower status than herself.
“Yes, commoner. What does it matter? No, is it important?”
“But weren’t you partners? It looked like a couple trip, right?”
“Okay, partner. They brought me to a remote island across the sea and left me somewhere… … my partner.”
Amy gave a sad smile with cat-like lips. As I looked into her dimly distant eyes, her Jiss mind was complicatedly tangled.
Maybe I was wrong from the start? I should have just picked up the gold coins that fell on the ground. If that were the case, even if my pride was hurt, things like now wouldn’t have happened.
‘shit! damn it! You’re taking a risk out of sympathy for me? Are you saying you know what the danger is?’
This girl was thinking too easily.
Falcoa was the acting chief of the Freeman organization. What was the Freeman Organization? He was the ruler of Galliant, commanding a fearsome elite army.
Even when Jis was young, the commercial power on the island was divided into several organizations. Although power struggles occasionally broke out, the balance of power was never disrupted.
However, the situation changed dramatically after the Freeman organization landed on the island five years ago.
They expanded their forces at a tremendous speed, and the existing organizations were disbanded without even using their power. Eventually, the alliance was decided to confront the Freeman organization, but it was simply broken.
It took only three months for the war to end.
The Freeman organization was a fighting group of monsters who dismantled all organizations in just three months.
‘It’s not just Falcoa. The thugs above me are all terrifying bastards. I’m taking this child to a place like that now.’
Jess clenched her fists. She wanted to stop her, but she couldn’t bear it.
Since he was a student at a magic school, he might be able to run away. But she wasn’t his sister. If Falcoa put his mind to it, he could get rid of the little brother of the roadside solicitor without even noticing mice and birds.
‘I have to keep it. As for my brother… … certainly!’
* * *
After parting with Marsha, Sirone arrives at the beach. My legs were shaking from running non-stop, but the real trouble was from now on. Since the villa is located in the middle of the mountain, we had to climb uphill.
“Whoa, why is Iljin like this today? It just keeps running.”
It was time for the sun to set, so Lian and Tess were supposed to be eating.
If Amy is still waiting, you must tell her the bad news as soon as possible. The sad news that you left your shopping cart.
‘It’s one thing to die one way or another.’
Sirone gritted his teeth and ran uphill. When he arrived at his villa, his breath was up to the tip of his chin.
Shirone walked to the entrance and knocked on the door with her waist bent.
“Lian, Amy, Tess. I’m here. please open the door Ahh!”
When the door suddenly opened, Sirone fell forward. It was a much more immediate response than expected.
“Sirone! Where the hell have you been? Do you know how long Amy waited?”
“Oh, I’m sorry. There was a reason for that. Let’s go in and talk. My legs are shaking.”
There was no smell of food in the villa. Sirone, who wished the three of them had eaten first, felt even more apologetic.
“Did you wait a long time because of me? By the way, where is Amy?”
Tess didn’t know how to explain. Would she say that she was tired of waiting and went to play? Or is it that she was disappointed in a man named Sirone and followed her jis?
“what’s the matter? I have a bad expression. what happened?”
“that is… … Oh, this is embarrassing.”
The reason Tess couldn’t speak was because she didn’t want to cause misunderstandings between the two of them.
However, Lian understood the core of the situation.
“I went out with a guy named Jess I met at the port.”
“huh? Jis? You mean the guy who ripped us off? Why is Amy following him?”
“I don’t know. While I was waiting for you, he suddenly came to me. He said he would pay for the day’s work. So he took a carriage and went somewhere.”
“Did Amy obediently follow? For no reason?”
Tess intervened.
“okay! It’s all because you came late. How lonely Amy was by herself. Tell me, what the hell happened?”
Sirone delayed answering. Now was not the time to be arguing about such things.
“Let’s go. Do you know where it is?”
“We don’t know. why are you so anxious? If you’re going to do this, please treat me well from the start.”
“You didn’t leave because of me.”
“What are you talking about? How angry Amy was!”
“Amy is hot-tempered, but she doesn’t act emotionally. Even if I’m angry with someone, I don’t do anything to make that person worry. I’d rather wait for me to come and beat her to death.”
Tess’ face darkened. Sirone, who knew Amy well, was probably right.
Besides, when I thought about it, it was like that. He is quick to get angry but is soft on the inside, isn’t he the kind of person who seems rough but has a lot of consideration?
“Well, what could be the matter? You’re just a solicitor. Amy is said to be outstanding at magic school?”
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 132 - Priority(3) 1.txt
===============================
[132] What takes precedence (3)
Of course, there was no doubt about Amy’s skill. But Sirone had a different idea. He had heard from Marsha just half an hour ago how dangerous the island was.
Please enable JavaScript
Port solicitors have their own power. In particular, it was said that the street solicitors were the lower end subordinates of a powerful organization.
“I told you to be careful with people like Jis. Even if it’s not, the island is a closed and dangerous place. Because you can easily handle things that you can’t even imagine on land. There are many aristocrats who have gone missing on the island. I can’t just assume that Amy is all right.”
Lian mounted a straight sword in a leather scabbard.
“I don’t need to explain every word. Let’s go, Sirone. guide you anywhere I’ll deal with those who get in the way.”
“thank you. Actually, it’s because I’m late.”
“That must have had its own circumstances. First, make sure Amy is safe.”
Tess watched the two boys. That was the conversation between those who were bound by knightly oaths. Although she was still only an imitator of her, it was also an enviable sight for her who dreamed of becoming her knight.
“Wait a minute. I’ll go with you too. You’re not the only one worried about Amy.”
The three of them left the villa and went down to the beach. But I couldn’t figure out where to start looking for it.
In front of the vast sandy beach, Tess lost her confidence.
“Where can I find Amy? At this hour, the only place Jeece could take him would be the commercial district. Would you rather go there and disperse?”
“That sounds like a bad way. After all, the three of us can’t go around the whole commercial district anyway. First of all, you don’t even know the geography of this place.”
“Then what? there’s no way to find it I’d rather find a needle on that sandy beach.”
Sirone rested her chin on her chin and was lost in thought.
“Stop that, let’s go to the port. It is clear that there is an organization If that’s the case, you might be able to find out Amy’s location if you ask the gang members.”
“Harbor? is that south? Wouldn’t it be quicker to search this place on the way there? Amy wouldn’t be at the port anyway. It is not a tourist map.”
“No, it is correct to go to the port. Amy’s situation can be simply divided into two parts. First, Amy is unharmed. Second, Amy is not safe. If all is well, there is no loss even if we go to the port. But if it’s not all right, we must go to the port. The only reason why Amy is not safe is because she collides with Jee’s organization. Therefore, no matter what the situation is, we must first go to the port and make contact with the gang members.”
“that… … okay. I guess.”
Tess nodded as if hypnotized. It was the first time she felt that a person spoke faster than she thought of herself.
Ryan didn’t think. From the moment Sirone asked to go to the port, he had already rented a wagon.
When Lian, who had paid the coachman, motioned to ride, Sirone and Tess ran to it. Then he threw himself into the speeding carriage and went into the cabin.
The driver burst into a merry laugh and sped up.
“I also like being young. Do you have any urgent business at this hour?”
“yes. Please go quickly!”
“good! So, let’s try our children’s strength after a long time! Kirya!”
It was night, so the car was quiet. Volunteering his gold coins, the coachman drove his horse so much that the carriage rattled.
The wagon arrived at the port in 20 minutes, and the coachman made a noise saying that it was a record for the first time in 5 years.
The three of them ran to the port.
Most of the ships were moored in the dock, and light leaked through the cracks in the windows to see if people were on board. Perhaps the sailors were playing a game of cards.
The ship floating in the nearby sea was also suspicious, but it was too late to run around with feet anyway.
Sirone focused on searching the bar in the harbor. Most of them looked like gang members, but in reality, there were many cases where they were sailors.
“What do we do? Can I find this?”
“You can find it. There must be at least one.”
Sirone patiently inquired into the tavern. And he finally found a clue in a small tavern.
I didn’t know it at first because my eyes were swollen, but I’m sure the touts next to Jiss were drinking during the day.
“Hey, those two! Aren’t they the people who were with Jiss?”
“Right. From now on, leave it to me.”
Lian patted her fist and walked away. In this situation, I knew that his impression ate more than his skills.
“Hey, do you guys remember me?”
“what? Are you making a fuss? Because I feel like shit right now… … omg!”
The boy, who had been shooting with a twisted tongue, recognized Lian and stood up.
Lian’s size is also intimidating, but the reason I was really surprised was for another reason. It was because he knew what Jis, who had been captured by Falcoa, had gone to.
“I-over there… … That’s it.”
“I know, I know everything. So let’s talk in a quiet place. I’m the kind of person who becomes violent in people’s presence and nice in quiet places. What do you want to do?”
The solicitor glanced at his friend in his seat. The moment their gazes briefly crossed, they started running towards the door without saying who came first.
“shit! Bounce!”
They stamped their feet madly. But no matter how much I ran, the door wouldn’t come close.
‘what? Why are you doing this? Is it a dream?’
It wasn’t until the tension of the run was over that they realized that both legs were floating in the air.
“Give me one last chance. Would you like to follow along or plant it upside down right here?”
Raising the boys one by one in each hand, Lian held out her arms as if to show off her strength.
The boys freaked out. To withstand the weight of two men with arms outstretched was beyond brute force and close to brute force.
“Go, I’ll go. I’m going, so please don’t try.”
From then on things were easy. Lian led the tout to the breakwater, where he could hear the general situation.
“So that’s what Falcoa ordered me to bring Amy to, right?”
“yes. Jess was beaten to death. We almost died too. You better not mess with Falcoa. He’s a complete asshole.”
“doesn’t care. Because there is no idiot who got hit by my fist and hasn’t come back to his senses. Where did you take Amy? Do you know the place?”
“I really don’t know the place! Trust me!”
“okay? then ask your friend I will give up the chance for two people to live and choose only one to live.”
The two boys looked at each other fearfully. To be honest, I didn’t have the mental strength to endure the torture. But Lian was only overpowering them with words. It was thanks to his learning of interrogation techniques at the swordsmanship school.
“I really don’t know. But I have a place to guess.”
Sirone and Tess came closer. Lian also stopped pretending to be a clumsy investigator and shook the tout by the collar.
“where are you? Tell me quickly!”
“Wow, the palace.”
“Palace? What nonsense are you talking about?”
“It’s the name of the bar. The biggest bar in Galliant! Grab any wagon and they’ll take you there! Hey, you can never say we said it! Otherwise we will die!”
Ryan turned around without even having time to answer. Sirone and Tess were already getting ready to run.
As we left the port, we saw a wagon waiting. Coincidentally, it was the carriage that brought them all the way here.
“mister! Uncle coachman!”
The coachman, who was sitting in the luggage compartment and holding a pipe, turned his head. His own horse and his guests, who had enjoyed the splendid gallop, were rushing along.
“Hey, are you done watching already? It’s fast to run, so it’s fast to watch. Heh heh heh!”
“Mister, let’s go now! I’m in a hurry!”
“Cancer, don’t rush. Youth is in no hurry! Come on, let’s get on!”
The coachman jumped out of the hold with a bloody passion.
The coachman, who started the horse, looked back and shouted. The sound of the wind made her voice grow louder.
“Okay, somewhere this time!”
Sirone, Lian, and Tess all shouted at the same time.
“The palace!”
* * *
Tavern Royal Palace.
It would not be an exaggeration to say that the tavern, luxurious enough to stand up to the name of the royal palace, was the brightest place on the island.
The 4-story tall building showed what a waste of money was. All kinds of gold and silver treasures that reflected light were decorated, and magic crystal lamps that ordinary people could not even see were emitting light.
Sirone and the others were overwhelmed by the wealth radiating from the building. It felt like we had arrived somewhere we weren’t supposed to be.
As Sirone walked to the tavern, as expected, Gido, who was guarding the entrance, blocked her path.
“Hey, you can wear weapons here… … !”
Lian didn’t even listen and shoved his throat in prayer. He was of similar size to Rian, but his strength was no match.
When Gido, who had been choking and struggling, regained his senses, it was after Sirone and the others had already entered the store.
The bar was filled with people’s voices.
Women who were so naked that I wondered if it was okay to do this danced around, and verbal abuse, swearing, and all sorts of obscenities flew through the air.
Tess frowned. Galliant is a peaceful resort on the outside, but when the sun goes down, it turns into a place where murky desires whirl.
“Is Amy really in a place like this? There are a lot of people, and besides, what are those women? Aren’t you ashamed?”
“I know. Certainly not Amy’s favorite place. But she might have come in willingly as much as she went along. And be careful. No matter what happens here, the security will not be dispatched.”
After hearing about the situation on the island from Marsha, Sirone was convinced. Although the method of utilization is different, this place is also probably one of the places where some kind of transaction was made with the government.
When I couldn’t find Amy on the first floor, I went upstairs. A bloody gamble was taking place.
The third floor was lined with rooms with iron doors installed in a cross-shaped corridor, and the fourth floor was a VIP room where the highest nobility stayed.
After searching through each floor, Lian let out a pitiful sigh.
“It must be hard to find like this. Not in the hall, not in the gambling house. Searching the third floor, you have to enter every room, and the fourth floor is full of bodyguards.”
It was time to make a choice. Will you ask for your understanding and search for it, or will you properly cause an incident?
Of course, the decision of the three was the latter. As long as she found out that Amy was taken away by a malicious conspiracy, she had no intention of going back.
“There! Those children!”
Gido, who had been treated badly at the entrance, pointed to Sirone and the others. Then his man behind him rolled up his sleeves and approached.
Ryan had to raise his head to make eye contact with the man. He was so huge that his head reached the ceiling.
“Are you a solver?”
A shop with a bad back will be screened out for customers. Usually, it is filtered out in the line of prayer, but there were quite a few people who recklessly pushed in and played a game. It was the solver’s job to rule those people with violence.
“what is this? Aren’t they the babies that smell like milk? No, come to think of it, this girl is not just a kid.”
The fixer looked down at Tess and opened his bulbous nose. Unlike ordinary people, he had a high vision, and he was able to see Tess’ voluptuous true value more clearly than anyone else.
“Hehehe, you are the perfect customer for this store. Let’s see, can the uncle evaluate it?”
The fixer’s hand reached out to Tess. Just by opening her palms, it felt like a net had been spread in front of her eyes.
Tess grabbed the fixer’s middle finger. And he broke it with all his might.
“Aaaaaaa!”
The gigantic figure twisted its body ridiculously. The arm was fully extended, and the middle finger was bent enough to touch the back of the hand.
“it hurts! It hurts!”
“joy! You should have been careful with that. Even if you are a woman, my arm is stronger than your middle finger. This is what happens if you just trust your size and mess with it.”
“Ouch! You girl!”
Unable to bear the pain, the fixer threw out his fist on the other side. Then Tess let go of his fingers and twisted his body like lightning, swinging his elbow.
A light short hit hit the chin of the solver and passed. It was the perfect timing, so I felt as if the other person approached me as part of me and hit me.
As the fixer’s brain vibrated, consciousness was cut off. When Tess stepped aside, the giant’s body slammed down like an old tree.
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 133 - Priorities(4).txt
===============================
[133] Priority (4)
“Oh, this can’t be… … .”
Please enable JavaScript
Prayer has gone cold. It was unexpected that the famous fixer on Galliant Island would be knocked down by a woman’s blow.
Lian shook her head as she looked at Tess, who was shaking her hands. With this, where is there any room for a man to squeeze in?
Elsaine swordsmanship is famous for its sophisticated attacks. Trained to stab the vitals in any situation, she was a skilled fighter who could instantly eliminate the gap in her strength or size.
‘It’s impossible to reach the tip of the chin with the minimum amount of movement unless it’s a murderous concentration. I know you’re lucky. If Tess pulled out the sword, you’re already dead.’
Sirone stared blankly at the unmoving fixer. Is this the swordsman’s move that is equal to that of the wizard?
If Lian’s physical strength was avant-garde, Tess’ blow was like seeing a perfect work of art.
“Wow, that’s really cool, Tess.”
“lol! Are you okay? After all, Sirone has eyes to see. Unlike the person standing next to Jogi.”
Lian approached Gido as he listened.
Gido was terrified and his legs were shaking. As Rihanna grabbed him by the neck and lifted him up, he gave his last breath.
“Kuh! Do you guys know where this is?”
“I came because I knew where. Do you look like you’re playing hide and seek? Where is Amy now?”
“shit! who is amy How do I know that?”
“Shall I make your heart stop instead of killing me?”
“Shit! Because I really don’t know! If you’re really curious, you guys will look for it!”
“This bastard is real!”
A fire lit up in Ryan’s eyes. I was already nervous to death, but I was wearing salt. Aren’t you doing this because you don’t have time to find it?
I was going to intimidate him with a little more intensity, but Sirone approached.
“Lian, it’s okay. What are you doing by asking me something you don’t know?”
“Then what? Are you really going to go from room to room?”
“No, just ask what you know.”
“You know what? Like what?”
Gido, who met eyes with Sirone, was startled.
Anger of a different nature than Lian’s. It felt like my bones were frozen as the chill soared.
“Ask where Falcoa is.”
* * *
Tavern Royal Palace. B1.
People in the know call this place a temple. Of course, God doesn’t stay. But sometimes he sees God, because of the hallucination caused by the loop.
After all, the VIP room on the 4th floor is a place where tourists who came only after hearing rumors came in and out, and all the real exhaust was in the basement.
The temple was a space where various drugs were distributed and stimulants, loops, could be enjoyed without wanting, so to speak, a space for those who were crazy for pleasure.
The temple is divided into 17 sections, and the total area is 1.5 times larger than the first floor.
It was always full, but only room 4 was not open to guests, because it was the room of Falcoa, the leader of the freeman organization and the president of the palace.
“So I asked him. Will he be buried after he dies, or will he die after being buried? So do you know what he said?”
“Ughh, what did you say, chief? What does he say?”
Falcoa screamed as she pretended to die.
“Please save my feet!”
“Aww! driving me crazy! Save my feet!”
“Puhahaha! My stomach hurts from laughing so much! Please help me!”
Falcoa’s men banged on the table and exploded with pyrotechnics. But Jess couldn’t understand it at all.
‘Crazy guys. What the hell is this funny about? I’m not crazy.’
“Oh my dear. Why don’t you drink?”
Jess just shook his head without even making eye contact with his partner. It seemed that if I drank here, I would never see the sun rising tomorrow.
Jess gently turned his head to look at Falcoa’s partner. He was sitting by Amy, whom he had brought with him.
Of course, she also didn’t understand Falcoa’s laughing code and was just looking straight ahead with a dry face.
‘It’s really great. I’m scared to death, but my expression doesn’t change.’
If you are an ordinary woman, especially if you are a girl, it is normal to be afraid in a situation surrounded by bloody gang members. However, there was no trace of tension on Amy’s face.
‘Oh, that’s noisy. Bored. I want to go back.’
Amy moistened her lips with the drink in front of her. Because she is an aristocrat, she has learned Judo, but she is not inclined to drink, and she does not drink in the first place. She was bored, and the amount she sipped was enough to cover the bottom of her bottle.
However, alcohol is alcohol, so I fell into a little sentimental thought as my mood exploded.
‘What am I doing here?’
Of course, Jis followed because he was right. But upon reflection, it seemed that this was not the only reason.
‘I’m sure he’s back by now, right?’
Why is Sirone late? Perhaps he was once again caught up in a useless fuss.
Looking down from Sirone’s omniscient point of view, where could there be one or two pitiful people in the world?
‘Whoa, did you want to imitate me?’
Come to think of it, the reason he came here was no different.
All I could hear was the idiot I met at the port, who didn’t seem to have fallen to the bottom, screaming for help.
The atmosphere at the drinking party grew more and more ripe. Amy became more and more annoyed.
If it came out forcefully, it would be enough to show off your skills and leave, but contrary to expectations, Falcoa kept his manners.
‘What are you thinking? Would I rather move first?’
By the time Amy was immersed in that thought, Falcoa was also smiling at Amy, conscious of her wicked smile.
‘I can hear the sound of my head rolling from here.’
Amy will be a high-ranking aristocrat. There was an aristocratic unique loftiness that could not be supplemented by appearance alone.
But Falcoa was at ease. He has the most outstanding weapon to subdue the nobles.
No, with this one, even the king could have made him kneel at his feet.
It was just a loop.
Even now, in the temple, many high-ranking nobles were enslaved by Loop.
If you look at the time and get used to loop little by little, no matter how proud you are, no nobleman will be able to withstand it.
“now. Let’s toast, cheers!”
At that moment, a crackling sound was heard from beyond the board. Then the shouts of the employees broke out.
“What are you guys doing! Kuck!”
“hey! Stop! This is the boss’s room!”
The door burst open and three people entered.
After checking the assailant’s face, Jis stood up as if he had seen a ghost. They were Amy’s friends from the port.
Falcoa’s expression crumpled at once. As a true guest, he would have forgiven him if he paid several times the amount, but it was a matter of pride for his garden, the temple, to be invaded.
“what? what’s the matter?”
When Falcoa spoke in a voice without laughter, the immediate subordinates sitting around jumped to their feet. Then, the women who knew the temper of the guys secretly noticed and avoided the seat.
“Sirone? How did you know you came here?”
Amy asked with her eyes wide open.
However, Sirone delayed answering. A maddening tickling aura burned up his spine.
The one sitting arrogantly in the seat of honor and crossing his legs in a figure 4 must be Falcoa. He didn’t look particularly monstrous, but at a glance I could tell he wasn’t normal.
‘Strong, that person… … .’
It’s easy to reveal your life. Even an ordinary person can intimidate an opponent if they really want to kill. However, it was not easy to live a quiet life as if it were there or not.
It was an energy that only pros in murder could produce.
‘Amy… … .’
Why is Amy sitting next to someone like that?
There was a drinking cup, not a teacup, in front of her enjoying tea and coffee. The floor was dirty and smelled bad. None of the things she saw in her room were here.
thus… … It was not her will to be here.
“Let’s go, Amy.”
Amy cried. After a long pause, all I could say was, ‘Let’s go back, Amy.’ What is such a confident attitude when you can’t even poke your nose while waiting?
Amy was angry at herself for being happy to see Sirone a moment ago. At what point is Sirone looking at herself? Is it at human eye level or high up in the sky?
This wasn’t what she wanted. That’s why she didn’t want to accept Shirone’s help either. She was confident that if she put her mind to it, she could go out right now.
“You, you! Go in knowing where it is!”
All the employees of the tavern came in droves. However, I couldn’t bear to enter the room of the demon-like Falcoa.
Sirone was stunned. A boss that even his subordinates fear. How deep and deep is this person’s evil?
Falcoa lowered her voice as if it was annoying.
“What are you? Do you know what will happen if you enter the room without my permission?”
“I came to take Amy. free her of her.”
“Pooh, if anyone hears it, they’ll think it was a kidnapping. No matter how noble you are, there are things you need to be careful about. Especially in a place like this.”
Sirone’s prediction was correct. This was an extraterritorial zone protected by the island government.
“What are you doing? Send the little ones back.”
“Where shall we send it back, brother?”
Falcoa picked and exhaled.
“To hell.”
The direct subordinates in room 4 warmed up and approached. It was a prayer on a different level from the employees he had passed so far.
Tess said as she prepared to draw her sword.
“Sirone, be careful. All of these are schema users.”
Shirone’s eyes lit up. Tess had a good eye for it, so it was probably true.
Of course, most of the swordsmanship school students can open the schema. However, it was obviously strange that not one of the gangsters who lived on an island that was not inland was able to schema.
‘Who the hell are you? How can a mere bar owner lead such talented people?’
Sirone stared at the subordinates blocking the front. At that moment, an immense feeling struck Sirone’s heart.
“Kuk!”
“Sirone, watch out! It’s pressing!”
There are a lot of abilities that correspond to ‘skills of the eye’ in the schema style, but pressing was the most popular skill among them.
It was because the reaction was intuitive, so it was good to use in practice, and it was easy to learn if you knew how to radiate emotions outward.
Sirone was not taken aback. The moment his opponent’s hostility weighed down his lungs, he realized that it was the same technique he suffered from Adele, the head of the Karmis family.
However, the quality of emotions was different. If Adele’s pressing was simply to overwhelm the opponent, their pressing was only to end life.
Rian grabbed the handle of the straight sword and took a step.
“You dare!”
“Rian! wait!”
As Sirone shouted, Falcoa’s men raised their eyes in puzzlement. It is a pressing where as many as 10 people are killed at the same time. Far from spitting out words, it should have been normal if his heart had already stopped.
But Sirone was still standing. Even with a faint smile on his lips.
Amy was the only person who understood the situation.
‘Golden Fire. In a sense, it’s an ability comparable to my red eyes.’
Sirone cannot be wielded by pressing. No, it might be possible, but at their level, there was no chin.
Sirone moved slowly. Then, as if the air was being pushed back, his men retreated in equal strides.
Of course, it wasn’t easy for Shirone to let go of her emotions.
It was the pressure injected by 10 veterans who had experienced countless battles.
I can’t put a value on my feelings, but I’m guessing it was the feeling of waiting for a carriage running from afar with your hands and feet tied to the ground.
To be more precise, it was the fear of the moment when the wagon arrived right in front of his eyes and the huge wheels filled his vision.
In reality, since death awaits, the time to feel fear is only 0.1 second, but currently, Sirone has been feeling the same emotion for over 20 seconds.
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 134 - Priority(5) 2.txt
===============================
[134] What takes precedence (5)
In a word, it was not the intensity of emotions that could exist in reality. It was a situation where the heart could stop due to nervous system shock even if the Diamond Buddha was shaken by 1 percent.
Please enable JavaScript
But Amy wasn’t worried. Because even that 1 percent doesn’t shake, it can be called a diamond.
Sirone finally pushed his men to the table. Falcoa, who watched the mess, contorted his face in anger.
“What are you doing! Cut your throat right now!”
His subordinates rushed forward, pulling out the longswords worn around their waists.
“shit! It’s embarrassing to use a knife on a kid!”
At that moment, light flashed from Sirone’s body. A flash of light in the confined space blinded his men.
“Keugh! what!”
As befits those who have mastered the art of the eye, dark adaptation was fast enough to escape human limitations. But they didn’t move. The subordinates and Falcoa were just staring blankly at Sirone.
“what? What are you going to do with the light?”
Sirone flipped her palm and launched an orb of light. The golden photons were compressed to a pale color as they were compressed at great speed.
“Sirone, can you?”
Amy finally realized in front of the power of the photon, which shook so much that the frequency could not be measured.
A magic that generates a shock wave by accelerating mass to a speed comparable to that of light. It was the Photon Cannon.
“Sirone! you that… … !”
It is not easy to avoid the photon cannon in an enclosed space. In the end, someone would be beaten, and if that happened, there would be no choice but to die.
Before Amy could finish her words, Sirone raised the white sphere. And with all his might, he pinned him to the ground.
The moment the flash struck, a tremendous roar spread out as if thunder struck in front of my eyes, shaking the room.
“Keugh! What, what, this!”
People in the room covered their ears. As the shockwave spread across the ground, underground structures shuddered. Piles of dust poured from the ceiling.
The subordinates were as relaxed as if they had survived a natural disaster. The echo of the roar that had not left the basement still lingered in my ears.
After a while, the gang members looked back at the place where Sirone’s magic had been applied. Surprisingly, the bottom was not dug deep. However, the flat pressed range exceeded 4 meters in diameter.
“What, here… … Isn’t it underground?”
The subordinates couldn’t believe it even after seeing it with their own eyes.
It was a temple that could be said to be the strongest structure in Galliant. In order to create a space underground, a design method focused on durability is essential. In fact, the floor of the temple was covered with thick steel plates.
It was understandable that the entire basement was shaken if the steel plate was carelessly pressed against it. In short, it was not an impact that humans could withstand.
Like veterans, his subordinates did not show a crying expression. However, I kept as much distance as possible and was wary of Sirone.
Falcoa’s impression crumpled again at that appearance.
It was the fact that he overcame 10 pressings, but the magic he had now was the kind he had never seen before even he had been through numerous battlefields.
“you… … Who the hell are you? Where is the line?”
A huge network of wizards connecting continents is called a line. However, Sirone did not know the words commonly used in the wizarding society. He just proudly revealed his origins.
“I am Sirone who attends Alpheas Magic School.”
Jess looked back at Sirone in amazement. For aristocrats, origin is a golden rope, but in some circumstances it becomes a fetter.
Since she was treated so badly at the port, there was no way that Sirone didn’t know about it. But why did he reveal his origin?
“student? No wonder. Are you saying that I was just distracted by the student subject? Hey, isn’t it? If I accuse the school, you will be finished that day. You will probably be kicked out.”
“If you want to file a complaint, do so.”
Falcoa’s eyebrows twitched at the unexpected reaction.
“It doesn’t matter whether it’s discipline or expulsion. Because that won’t dictate my life. Of course, school is an important place for me. But there are plenty of things more important than that. And Amy… … .”
Sirone glared at Falcoa and continued.
“It takes precedence over all priorities set by me.”
Amy blinked. The quickening speed of her eyelids seemed to indicate her heart rate.
“It’s okay to receive any kind of punishment. If you want to sue, do it. But Amy won’t stay here even for a second. If you bring my friend to such a filthy place one more time, then I will really smash it.”
With a squeak, Lian’s straight sword came out with the sound of water. The fact that a sword the height of an average person extended forward was overwhelming.
“As expected, sirone. Because my eyes weren’t wrong.”
Rian realized why the sword had not been drawn willingly until now. Just as a small crack breaks an iceberg, the minor stumbling block of discipline seems to have disturbed his convictions.
“You are right, Sirone. Putting your friends in danger because you’re afraid of discipline? You must be kidding. Ogent Lian has never lived like that for a moment.”
After Lian, Tess’s three swords were pulled out.
“Ho-ho-ho! The same goes for Elzaine Tess! We can’t leave the Shirone faction’s mascot, Amy, in a den of raw thugs like this!”
Lian looked back at Tess as if she was dumbfounded.
“Since when is sirone green onion?”
“Ahh, at times like this, let’s just move on. Anyway, I don’t notice.”
Tess, who fired at Lian, turned to Amy. She’s still lost in her thoughts, but her cheeks are more flushed than before.
A friendly smile crept across Tess’ lips.
‘That would be nice. Amy.’
Tess was also a woman, so I could guess her feelings.
To Sirone, Amy was not just a point looking down from an omniscient point of view. She is an irreplaceable friend. No, maybe she was something more.
Shirone, who pushed the men’s approach with force, walked towards Amy. Then he held out his hand and repeated his first words.
“Let’s go, Amy.”
Finishing her thoughts, Amy lifted her head and said.
“… … huh.”
When Amy stood up, Falcoa’s face flushed red. Clumps of gore came rushing in, making a commotion, and now they were going out on their own.
‘Has the world’s Falcoa fallen this far?’
It’s been five years since all the members of the organization hid on the island to avoid the continent’s pursuers. There was a lot of work, but everything was boring to him.
Thanks to that, my brain was soaked in drugs and my mind, which only knew blood, was oiled. But just five years ago, it was Falcoa who cut down countless people while crossing the continent.
At that time, he was a creature that exists to cut someone. Even if he was the captain, he couldn’t ignore Falcoa’s skills, and that’s why he was not banished until now.
“Hey, don’t you think you’ll be able to get out safely?”
Amy stopped and looked back at Falcoa.
“If you make a fuss here, you will be in trouble too. Underground guests are drug addicts and will be your biggest bankroll. If you want to sue, do so. But neither of us will stand still. Maybe this store will close.”
“Did you just believe in that and be fooled? I’m sorry, but no one on this island can touch me.”
“But inland, the story is different.”
Falcoa frowned and looked at Amy. Both of her eyes were burning red.
‘Hongan. It must have been Karmis.’
Falcoa knew the famous Karmis family on the continent. The ability to save a state at a specific point in time and restore it at any time.
No drug can make you addicted to it, and no drug can penetrate it. The Karmis family was not called invincible in the spirit world for nothing.
‘Did it mean that it was a fish that could not be caught from the beginning? That girl knows everything and followed it.’
Falcoa gnashed his teeth with an expressionless face.
If it was the Karmis family, it was the first rank in the aristocratic hierarchy, so if she put her hand to it, it wouldn’t be impossible for the fortress to collapse after five years of hard work.
The amount of money earned by distributing loops is enormous. Even the most distraught Falcoa was sensitive to money. Because you can’t buy loops without money.
“haha! Cheeky bitch. I will definitely repay you for this humiliation!”
“Do it if you can. But you’d better be careful the next time we meet. Now that this has happened, I’m thinking of not caring about school and having fun.”
Amy, who had clearly fired at Falcoa, returned to the arms of Sirone and the others.
“Sorry for worrying you. Let’s go now.”
Not wanting to stay here any longer, they quickly stepped up to the ground. Employees were watching at every corner, but no one stopped them.
As soon as I left the bar, I could feel the air change. Tess spread her arms and inhaled the night air.
“Whoa, it feels good. Thanks to Amy, we got the tour right. You went around the most famous royal palace on Galliante Island from the basement to the top.”
“ha ha ha! You’re right when you hear that. Besides, I went to the sandy beach, stopped by the port, and toured the commercial district, so I guess I’ve been to all but the historical sites?”
Amy was taken aback by Lian’s words.
“what? Have you been to your port?”
“huh. Because Sirone said it was quick to grab and ask the gang members. she ran like crazy If it wasn’t for the enthusiastic coachman, I would have missed it on time.”
Amy looked at Sirone. Then, when her eyes met, he slightly averted her gaze. I still haven’t had the courage to look at his face properly.
I remembered Sirone’s words I heard in the basement. He must have said the importance of friends without needing to misunderstand, but that was enough.
Why didn’t I know? When she fell off the cliff, she was the only person who called her name and held her hand.
Amy could be satisfied with realizing its meaning.
“Amy, I’m sorry I’m late. I’ll go back and talk to you. There was something special on the way.”
“Heh, I’m not even curious! Why should I listen to that?”
“Are you still not angry?”
The anger has already been resolved. But Amy, she thought, she’d rather be angry with her than she was.
“Let’s get this straight. Surely you’re not imagining anything strange about today’s work, are you? A prince on a white horse who saved the princess, something like that.”
“huh? It’s not?”
“Thank you for coming to help, but I was not caught, but followed for personal reasons. Even if you don’t help, those guys are no match for me.”
“haha! know. I’m class po and you’re a senior so who cares about whom?”
When Sirone readily agreed, Amy felt rather weak.
“Huh, what… … I just need to know It’s just like that.”
Tess grabbed her stomach and laughed. It felt like Amy had finally returned to her original Amy.
Lian shouted as she turned to the business district.
“hungry! Shall we buy a late-night snack on the way back?”
“Midnight Snack? good! i love it! Hurray!”
* * *
Jess was able to return home after midnight as he was cleaning out the tavern.
After being beaten, nervous, and even working, my body felt heavy, as if I had doubled my weight.
Even so, I was able to endure it thanks to the relief that the things I feared did not happen.
Amy escaped safely from Falcoa’s clutches. She, as well as herself, was not harmed in any way.
Since he did what he was told to do, there wouldn’t be any reason to beat even Falcoa.
‘If it wasn’t for him, I might have died.’
Amy’s face came to mind as clearly as the real thing.
Of all the women Gees had ever met, there was no woman as strong and beautiful as her. Why did such a great man try to help himself?
‘Sirone? He said he was also a commoner.’
Jess remembered everything Sirone said at the bar.
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 135 - Priorities(6).txt
===============================
[135] What takes precedence (6)
At the time, I was too scared to intervene, but my heart was the same as Sirone’s.
Please enable JavaScript
But when Sirone reached out to Amy, and when Amy answered the call, Jess awoke from her dream.
He could never become Sirone himself.
“Sheesh, she pretends to be very cool even though she is a commoner.”
If I had just learned a little magic, I wouldn’t have felt jealous. When dealing with arrogant nobles, he sometimes thought that he was lucky to have been born as a commoner.
But Sirone was also a commoner. And he had the courage to give up something precious for his friend.
Jess remembered Amy’s sad smile in the carriage. Did Sirone know the meaning of that smile? No, she would never know. It was an inner feeling that he would have revealed because it was in front of himself, not with anyone.
Thinking about it made me sick again.
“shit! Are you a commoner? You can’t make any excuses! What kind of guys are there!”
Jis, who brushed off his frustration in front of the house, opened the door and entered. She saw that a candle was lit in the depths of the floor, and it seemed that her sister had been waiting all this time.
“Brother, why are you so late? You knew what had happened and were worried.”
“Yuna, why didn’t you sleep? How are you going to work tomorrow?”
“Then oppa didn’t even come in, so you want me to sleep? What happened?”
“no. It’s nothing. I was just busy, so the time passed like this.”
Jess knelt down in front of Yuna. It wasn’t because he was his younger sister, but he wasn’t a person to fall for anywhere. Besides, she was wise and kind-hearted, even if she hadn’t learned anything.
Yuna was the pride of Jess. That’s why she shouldn’t let her live a shabby life like hers. She didn’t want to be successful, but she was a child who could meet a good man and live a happy life.
“Why is your face so emaciated? Be honest. Even if everyone else can fool you, you can’t fool me. Or will you not cook me breakfast tomorrow?”
“ha ha ha! oops, be scared I just had a few things that hurt my pride. But I’m fine now.”
“Ugh, does his ego get hurt all the time? I can’t even eat it because it’s rotten. Anyway, wash it off first. The smell of sweat from oppa is no joke.”
Jess’ eyes became warm. Seeing her put her mind at ease. What if you’re not as great as others? If only Yuna was there, he would not be envious of anything in the world.
Jess hugged Yuna. The body odor of a family member who shared the same smell blew away the tiredness of a fearful day.
“Oh, the smell! What are you doing all of a sudden? Wash up first!”
“Wait a minute, Yuna. My brother will definitely become the ruler of the port.”
“tooth! is that still the sound? Who is the ruler of the port? If so, no one will find out.”
“haha! It doesn’t.”
Yuna smiled and hugged Jess. The truth is she didn’t hate the smell of sweat. She wouldn’t have shed a single drop of sweat for herself.
“I really hope that such a day will come. My brother will definitely be able to do it.”
“okay… … .”
Jess looked at the moonlight pouring through the window. The weather was perfect for night viewing.
Ancient Ruins (1)
Sirone and the others have been busy since dawn. The men cleaned the house while the women washed, and when the men entered the bathhouse, the women sat in front of mirrors to dry their hair and groom themselves.
After finishing the bath, Sirone and Lian looked into the women’s room and thought time had stopped. Because Amy and Tess were still doing something in front of the mirror.
Inevitably, the men ate breakfast first. It was dawn by the time I ate a simple meal with the food I bought in the city last night.
Only then did the women start choosing clothes, and the clothes changed every time they went in and out of the door.
Ryan thought Tess and Amy were testing him.
It was okay to change into other clothes because I didn’t like the clothes, and it was possible because I was a woman.
But what is the sign that you don’t like it, change into something else, and wear it again after a while? Are you really going to give it a try? Isn’t this an obvious challenge to test the viewer’s memory?
“Oh, just wear something. Are you going to catch a dragon? Why do you care so much about a piece of cloth that has no defense?”
Tess looked at Lian with eyes full of astonishment.
“Oh, really bad! We dress up more because you guys don’t pay attention to how you dress. Keep your mouth shut because everyone is saying good things to you.”
Amy came out wearing a light blue dress.
“Sirone, isn’t this strange?”
“No, it is pretty! Amy looks good no matter what she wears.”
“okay? Hmm.”
Amy didn’t really listen and went back to her room. Tess was just jealous of Amy.
“Please watch and learn from Sirone. Ugh, I hate it.”
Lian pursed her lips as Tess closed the door and went inside. What the hell is she doing to herself? Being honest about what was in your heart was a virtue and a source of pride for a prosecutor.
“Sirone, how do you come up with those words right away? Teach me too.”
“huh? It’s simple. You can’t say it’s weird no matter what you wear.”
“Hahahahaha!”
Lian fell backwards, grabbing her belly button.
11 am.
After changing, the women checked their backpacks. In preparation for an unexpected situation, I carefully packed emergency food, a knife, a compass and a rope.
Satisfied with her look in the mirror, Tess clenched her fists and shouted.
“it’s okay! Ready to explore ruins!”
“So, are you going to sleep now? Let’s leave tomorrow morning.”
Tess’ face turned red at Lian’s bony joke.
“How late am I? And Amy prepared it too.”
“Why is Amy suddenly appearing? What kind of hostage is Amy?”
“Then do you really think that an ignorant greatsword is suitable for flimsy street clothes? From a distance, it looks like a complete caveman! You need to know the fraction.”
Amy fulfilled her mission as a hostage.
“Rian, I’m sorry. Actually I’m late. Tess prepared faster than me.”
“haha! are you okay. Because Amy shows that she prepared for a long time.”
Tess’ eyes became ferocious like an axe.
“what? Then I’m not pretty at all?”
“Hmm, where… … .”
Ryan glanced over at Tess.
Well, I thought it was pretty from the beginning. Even when she wasn’t wearing any makeup, she was beautiful.
But today, it seemed like they put a lot of effort into it. Unlike usual, I sprayed perfume on it, so I could see how hard Lian, who had no aesthetic sense, was working hard.
“Yeah, what. It’s enough to say that it’s pretty.”
“huh?”
Tess’ mind, which had piled up words to reply to, was disarmed in an instant.
I never dreamed that the word pretty would come out of Rian’s mouth. Her face blushed, and the fact that her face blushed made her blush even more.
“My, I know I made it because I wanted to hear something like that! you idiot! primitive man!”
“okay. Okay, so please, let’s get out of here. When the sun goes down, you can’t even watch it.”
Ryan drove his friends outside. Thus, Sirone and the others were able to leave for the trip 5 hours after waking up.
Sirone’s first plan was to investigate the ruins alone with Amy. However, as his friends became closer than expected, it became impossible to move separately.
They grabbed one of the wagons lined up on the sandy beach and headed east.
It was quite a tedious journey as they had to go from the western end of the island to the eastern end. However, the four people chatting in the carriage did not notice the passage of time.
“uh? Guys, look over there!”
Sirone shouted, pointing out the window. Two kilometers from the driveway, I could see a densely forested mountain.
The mountain range continued like a camel’s hump, and according to what I heard, there was a Kergo ruins at the end of that mountain range.
“It’s a Toa mountain. I heard from my older brother that Galliant was originally a volcanic island. The lava that leaked out from the bottom of the sea hardened and became an island. It has been in a period of rest since a volcanic eruption occurred 500 years ago, but there is a possibility that it will be active again.
“I see. They say that the Kergo ruins were buried in volcanic ash and only half of them are exposed.”
“that’s right. The local government of Galliant proposed to restore the site, but it was rejected due to the opposition of the natives. If you go to the ruins, you can probably find out how much they were buried.”
“Why would you object? If you restore the ruins, wouldn’t it be good for the natives?”
“I don’t know. But there must be some circumstances. Maybe you have a secret you don’t want to reveal. The Galliant Autonomous Government has been on the island for less than 100 years.”
“If you think about it that way, there are quite a few secrets. It doesn’t seem like a really common tourist destination.”
“I guess so. Among the extant ruins, it is extremely rare that the natives directly manage them. The Kergo ruins are also historically valuable.”
Sirone looked at the mountain again based on Amy’s explanation.
The jungle of Toa Mountain belonged only to Kergoin. The Galliant government also said that it does not come close to the Aboriginal Territory.
Sirone suddenly felt eerie. Is it a mere illusion that you can feel the gaze of the wild from the depths of the mountain?
The carriage stopped one kilometer from the Kergo ruins. The coachman told me that the carriage could not be operated from here.
Sirone got off the carriage and looked around. I saw many shops. It seemed that there was an exclusive agreement between the Horse Association and the local trade association.
“what! I paid my money and rode in a carriage, why can’t I go? Then what to do with all this burden?”
A middle-aged man whose boat came out of the carriage that arrived after him got angry at the coachman. The wife and two daughters who got off the carriage were also full of displeasure.
“But carrier contracts do. There is a paid storage room for your luggage, so you can leave it there.”
“It’s like these day robbers! Does it make sense that you can’t go when the road is open like that? Don’t you think I’m going to get a dime out of here!”
“That is something we can’t help. sorry. Have a good trip then.”
The coachman treated him in a businesslike manner, as if it had happened only once or twice, and drove away.
In the end, the middle-aged man took his luggage in both hands and headed to the paid storage room. Then, when her daughters pointed to the snack shop, they left their luggage and bought them snacks.
Sirone did not look like a middle-aged person.
“If we had known in advance, we would have lessened the load.”
“Wouldn’t it matter? It doesn’t look like there will be a big danger in the tourist area, but it’s good to be prepared. After all, the purpose is to explore.”
Lian looked back at the middle-aged man walking away. Her daughters’ charms seemed to relieve her mood, and she burst into laughter as she headed toward the ruins.
“It looks modest, but I used my brain. If you’re a tourist, you can’t afford not to spend money.”
“That’s true, but you can’t necessarily see it as a gimmick. If the touristic commercial area is not activated, the natives will not be able to manage it.”
Nodding to Amy’s words, Sirone and the others started moving on foot.
It was a historically important report, but there were still many tourists. As we approached the historic site, the number gradually increased, and when we arrived at the tollgate, it was filled with people due to a bottleneck.
“Wow, see that over there? There are also people from other countries.”
“Because it is world famous. See the man standing in the arch over there? I think maybe aborigines.”
Sirone looked back at the direction Amy had pointed to. A man of medium height was guarding the entrance. His clothes were civilized, but his staring eyes were obviously wild.
Tess put on an inappropriately frightened expression.
“Oh, that looks scary. Didn’t you tattoo her face too?”
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 136 - Ancient Ruins(2).txt
===============================
[136] Ancient Ruins (2)
“huh. You look really strong.”
“I know.”
Sirone and Amy agreed. It wasn’t just because he had a tattoo. Their keen senses sensed the powerlessness that was actually latent in the man’s figure.
But Ryan thought differently.
“Huh, just because you give your eyes strength doesn’t give you strength that you didn’t have before. There is no need to be afraid.”
Lian’s senses were lower than others. That’s why he couldn’t open the schema, but Sirone rather felt reassured by that appearance. In any fearful situation, Rian will honestly stand as a shield for his friends.
“good! The ruins exploration begins!”
After passing the toll booth, the full-scale investigation began.
The Kergo site was a temple dedicated to a god and had a square structure measuring 2 km from east to west and 2 km from north to south.
After crossing the 200-meter-long moat through the viaduct, a long transept was spread out, and it was possible to reach the central temple after passing another 500 meters along the worship road.
“Wow, that is really big. Is this really a building that was built thousands of years ago?”
“I heard from people earlier that it was buried in volcanic ash, so it’s only about this size, but it’s actually several times bigger.”
Sirone looked down at her feet. Since the volcanic eruption occurred 500 years ago, the volcanic ash must have formed below the surface.
Amy, who was leading the way, turned to Sirone and shouted.
“Sirone, what are you doing? I should also look around the central temple.”
Sirone didn’t answer. He was just engrossed in something with a faint smile.
Amy, puzzled, approached Sirone.
“what’s the matter? what’s the matter?”
“Amy, go into the Spirit Zone.”
“Spirit Zone? Why suddenly John?”
Realizing that moment, Amy slapped her palm.
“Ah, that’s right!”
Wizards can expand their senses with the Spirit Zone. If something was hidden under the ruins, there was no way it wouldn’t be synesthesia.
“okay. I’ll try.”
Amy entered the Spirit Zone. While exploring the underground with synesthesia, her eyebrows gradually began to narrow. After about 5 seconds, she finally released her zone as if she realized something.
“Sirone, this… … .”
“huh. nothing caught At least there will be bedrock, but nothing gets caught.”
“Isn’t it because the layer of volcanic ash is thick? How about going very deep?”
It was hard because I couldn’t do it. But she thought for a moment, and Shirone noticed her and shouted.
“Aha, there was a way.”
Amy could do it. It was because her talent was the target type with the longest range among her four ways.
The target type is also called the cross zone, and the wizard is located at the intersection of the two lines and quickly rotates it to hit a specific target quickly.
But it didn’t end there.
Amy, who entered her senior year, developed her target type into sniper mode while choosing her major.
The sniper mode, in which the shape of the spirit zone was perfectly straight, was characterized by the wizard being located at the end of the zone to enhance the flight distance.
This form is called a directional zone, and although the rotation of the zone is slow, it was able to produce a range at least four times longer than the target type.
Even if you expand the radius of the zone to only 500 meters in diameter, it is over 1 kilometer in the target type. From there, if you enter sniper mode again, you will be able to hit a target as far as 4 kilometers away.
Currently, Amy’s default radius is 68 meters in diameter. When switched to target type, it was 143 meters, and when it entered sniper mode, it exceeded 500 meters.
“Okay, I’ll try.”
Amy entered the zone at the same time as the sequence ceremony. The four-way transformation took place at high speed and stood tall as a cross with its axis inclined at 90 degrees.
‘Sniper Mode!’
Amy’s john started digging down like it was pouring down. A moan leaked through her clenched teeth.
As the zone lengthens, durability inevitably weakens. It wouldn’t be a problem if there were no obstacles in the way, but John was bent back and forth, confused about how the ground had formed and eaten.
Amy infiltrated even more desperately.
And the moment I thought I had touched something for the first time, John was shattered and my consciousness was shaken.
“omg! omg!”
“Amy! are you okay?”
Sirone hurriedly helped Amy. Cold sweat broke out on her forehead.
“are you okay. this must be hard I’ve penetrated up to 300 meters, but it’s impossible below that. From there, just float like throwing a thread into some kind of sea.”
Sirone could guess how powerful the force was at work. Amy’s John is by no means weak in durability. She was comparing her own zone to her frail thread.
“But you figured out that something was there. That alone is great.”
“If it is a success, it will be a success. But that’s not enough. A person who can expand the zone while maintaining durability. Unless you are at least a high-level zoner, it will be impossible to navigate to the Spirit Zone.”
Sirone felt that if it was not at that level, he would not have dared to explore the underground of the ruins.
“If I knew it would be like this, I would tell Ares. If it’s the extent of the expedition that my brother belongs to, there will be a Joner who can explore this place.”
“Or ask Teacher Etella.”
Like a monk, Ethella was a Joner who specialized in durability. He was the right person to explore this terrain.
“If it’s Etella-sensei, it might be possible. I don’t know how deep it is, but I’ll easily pierce the place I’ve reached.”
Lian interrupted.
“But if that’s the case, then we don’t have to investigate, right? I heard that the principal gave a hint. Wouldn’t his words also imply that you should find out for yourself?”
Sirone and Amy looked back at each other and kept their mouths shut. There were times when I forgot the meaning like this if I only looked at efficiency.
Amy admitted frankly.
“Lian is right. But it’s too precious. There is no need to investigate the ruins as long as you drill here. Why don’t you just keep thinking this way?”
Sirone understood Amy’s feelings. She went on a journey to find her hints about the labyrinth, not to explore her ruins.
“First, let’s try several things. It’s not something you can do right now. This makes me more curious. Now I think I will be satisfied to see it with my own eyes.”
Leaving only a vague imagination of the underground, Sirone and the others continued their exploration.
However, the Kergo ruins were really just a common tourist destination.
As if mocking those who were seriously investigating, the men were chatting and the children were running around turning pinwheels.
“Amy, are we working hard?”
“Don’t ask. Because I’m feeling self-defeating right now.”
After touring the last route, the central temple, the group eventually stopped investigating. Nothing unusual could be found in the ruins on the ground.
“I don’t get it. The headmaster said he would find out when he got here. But what does a ruin from thousands of years ago have to do with a maze?”
“Anyway, there must be something underground. After all, shouldn’t we have no choice but to search through the Spirit Zone?”
Ryan’s eyes lit up as if he had remembered something.
“I have a good idea. If you can’t penetrate the spirit zone, how about digging into the ground yourself? Maybe something will come out eventually?”
Sirone and Amy looked at Lian as if they were bewildered, then resumed their conversation.
“How about getting in touch with the natives? I live with the locals, so there will be people who can speak the common language.”
“Hmm, that’s right. But I don’t think such people know anything important. I’d rather have an interpreter… … .”
Lian screamed in agony.
“hey! Why don’t you answer me? Let’s dig!”
Tess intervened.
“You idiot, how do you put a shovel in a ruin that even the self-governing government can’t touch? If you do that, you will receive a heavy punishment for damaging cultural heritage.”
After scolding Lian, she turned to Sirone.
“What are you going to do now?”
“I don’t know. Investigation is the best, but I think it will be difficult right now. I need to find an interpreter and I need a tribunal pass.”
“okay? Then, I have a method I can try right away, but would you like to hear it?”
“Oh, really? tell me! What is it?”
Lian said with a hateful expression, as if he couldn’t be embarrassed alone.
“You’re not talking about secretly digging, are you?”
Tess desperately suppressed her anger and continued.
“… … anyway. Here’s how I thought. While you paid attention to the ruins, I took a look around the other side. But there is one peculiar thing.”
“What is unusual? what is that?”
Tess scanned the surroundings with her gaze.
“Look closely at the people. Most are tourists, but there are a few that are not. The ones who walk in groups, are armed, and don’t care much about ruins.”
The three looked around. Certainly it was. There were obviously not many, but armed men were walking around.
“aha! I see!”
“Yes, they are mercenaries. Why are mercenaries roaming around tourist attractions? Some of them look quite strong. After all, there is something in these ruins.”
“And the mercenaries know that?”
“That’s right. After all, contacting the natives takes time, and they might not talk to you, right? But mercenaries are different. Because the fact that you are here means you know something.”
Sirone admired Tess’ keen eye. While others were concentrating on the ruins, she was alone observing her external situation.
If you knew Tess’s origins, it was natural. The Elzain family has historically produced numerous commanders and diplomats. But their true strength lies elsewhere.
It was Ganja.
Of course, from the point of view of the enemy country, it was a spy, but the information that infiltrated and sent to countries around the world was making a huge contribution to the diplomatic strategy of the kingdom of Tormia.
‘Definitely a good idea. No, that’s the only thought right now.’
Sirone decided to adopt Tess’ strategy.
“good. Then, can I follow the mercenary from now on?”
“tailing? Hmmm, to be honest, I’m not sure. Getting caught by a high-level mercenary is a headache. In particular, if it is a sensory system schema, it should be seen that it is unconditionally caught. If I follow myself, I can do anything.”
“There is such a problem. I don’t even know how to hide my presence. What then?”
“Whoa, do I really need to go looking for it? If it’s a mercenary, there’s a place where it’s spread out, right?”
“huh? is there such a place? Where are you?”
Tess winked and pointed somewhere.
“Do you want to have a drink or something?”
* * *
Several shops made out of shacks lined the inner southwest wall of the site.
It was in order of restaurants, bars, and side dishes. Compared to general stores, the scale was shabby, but the earnings were much better.
It is located inside the historic site, and even the price was expensive, but people still found this place as one of the advantages of being comfortable.
Sirone and the others entered the bar. I wonder how many people would have a drink in broad daylight, but all but two tables were occupied.
Sirone and the others chose a corner. Amy sat next to Sirone, and Lian and Tess sat across from him.
“Are you going to drink?”
“Should I do it? Because it’s a place that sells alcohol. But let’s eat mostly snacks. We’d better settle for lunch here.”
Tess ordered. Hot noodles and minced meat came out along with Galliante Island’s traditional liquor.
The four people who had a poor breakfast stopped talking for a while and focused on eating.
At that moment, a giggling sound was heard from the side. At first, I tried not to care, but I couldn’t help but cry as the annoying ridicule continued.
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 137 - Ancient Ruins (3) 1.txt
===============================
[137] Ancient Ruins (3)
“Those kids, are you laughing at us right now?”
Please enable JavaScript
“it’s okay. don’t turn your head I’m doing that because I’m drunk.”
Tess patted Lian on the leg to calm her down. It was common for mercenaries to fight in a bar, but as a job was a job, it rarely ended well.
“They still haven’t responded. I hope it’s not that I can’t hear it. I’m laughing at you, you idiots.”
“Look at that son of a bitch. Are you stupidly big? The size of the woman next to her is no joke. I won’t tell you where. Fuhahaha!”
Ryan clenched his fists. He would tolerate insulting himself, but he could not forgive her friend for mocking her.
Then Tess grabbed Lian’s wrist. If left alone, he was ready to turn the table over.
While eating noodles, Sirone searched for memories.
When I came in, there were four mercenaries sitting at the table over there. Three men, one woman. Archers seemed to be included, and the woman was most likely a wizard, judging from the fact that she had no weapons.
‘Mage to archer. It’s a pretty solid group.’
The mockery of the mercenaries continued without a break.
“That blonde hair, now you pretend to eat? please look back I’m getting ready to blow the bottle. Are you in a bad mood today? That’s why I’m doing it to see some blood.”
“Aw, stop. Do you enjoy teasing kids?”
The woman tried to stop, but the truth was not contained. It seemed that he preferred to enjoy it this way rather than ridicule it openly.
“Hey, little kids. Don’t you have the courage to fight? Aren’t you ashamed to look at women? They probably went around bragging about how strong they were.”
“hello? Can you hear me? Answer me if you hear it, or would you like to go there yourself?”
Ryan couldn’t contain his anger. He knows it’s part of the operation, but he doesn’t want to put up with this insult.
But Lian couldn’t move in the end. It was because his eyes met with Sirone, who was looking at him with a calm expression.
‘Sirone… … .’
Sirone, who was bound by a knight’s oath, doesn’t say anything. If he couldn’t endure even this level of humiliation, he would rather disgrace Sirone’s face.
‘Yes, this is also practice. I participated in this trip as a trainee knight. Rather, it gave me a good opportunity to test myself.’
As soon as I made up my mind, I felt like I could endure it like a lie. Lian was able to think about the meaninglessness of words once again.
After about 10 minutes, the mercenaries prepared to leave. They thought they had won a complete victory. They were the perfect snacks for a drinking party.
“Geuk, it’s the first time I’ve seen such servile people living and living.”
“Ugh, that’s okay. They were weak kids, so of course they must have been scared. Aren’t you pitiful?”
“hey! I wish you because it might not be right. live like that for the rest of your life You will live a long life.”
The mercenaries paid for the drinks and disappeared. Then, the owner of the store, who had been ignorant until now, ran to the table.
“Are you all right? bad guys in the world. To say abusive words against innocent kids.”
“Do you know those people?”
“I come often lately. Drinking and rambling on people like you who don’t want to fight. I want to tell you not to come, but you don’t know what harm will happen if that happens. Anyway, you’ve held up well In times like these, patience wins.”
Sirone’s eyes lit up. If there wasn’t something in the ruins, there was no way a party with a mage would come.
Tess comforted Lian. Honest, they didn’t have the ability to deceive themselves like Sirone. It was literally a situation that I endured with kkang.
“Nice job, Lian. I was so nervous that I might have an accident.”
“It was dangerous. But will we meet again anyway? Didn’t you put up with it for that?”
“that’s right. Let us also depart.”
Sirone stood up and said. When I paid for the drink and left the store, the mercenaries were walking toward the central temple.
Instead of following, Sirone and the others chose to watch from a high place. Since most of the archer’s schema builds are sensory, there was a high chance that they would be caught if they tried to close the distance.
Cirone went up to the 4th floor of the temple building and inspected the mercenaries. Surprisingly, it was a young party made up of people under 30.
The swordsman with a slim figure seemed to be the leader. The sword worn around his waist was a steel sword with high recognition, enough that Tess could recall the name of the craftsman just by looking at the design.
Beside him was a giant with a blunt weapon, followed by a man with long hair and a woman in a robe in the back row.
“Two warriors. One of them is a prosecutor. One archer, one mage. I can sort it out like this. Even though it’s a tourist destination, it’s lined up. It’s a party with a lot of practical experience. I think not following him was the right decision.”
The mercenaries walked to the tiered altar to the east of the central temple. Sirone remembered that place. Unusually, it was a place where I thought it was strange because the natives were guarding it.
Among the mercenaries who approached the natives, the archer gesticulated and spoke. He probably spoke the Kergo language.
The native looked around bluntly. It was clear that he cared about people’s attention. Sirone and the others realized that now was the right time and went down the stairs.
When the native activated the device, a rectangular crack opened in the altar and was pushed inside. As the thick stone gate moved to the side, an entrance covered with a dark barrier appeared.
“Wait! We will go in too!”
The mercenaries who were moving their steps looked back with firm expressions. But the tension quickly dissipated and irritation set in. The kids who were bullying at the bar were coming running.
“what? When did you guys follow me?”
“Mister, can we go in together?”
“Go away! This is where we found it! Do you know where this is?”
“Don’t do that… … !”
The moment Sirone pleaded again, the leader drew his sword. It can’t be said that the speed of the launching sword was fast, but after countless repetitions, the naturalness that was acquired by the body was outstanding.
“You wanna die? Do we look good? If it doesn’t go out, I’ll cut everyone’s throat here.”
Unlike before, Sirone did not back down. At his bar, he couldn’t even turn his head, but now they were looking straight in the eye. The contrast effect made the leader uncomfortable.
“These children… … !”
said the native guarding the altar.
“Are you together?”
The leader gave up his life and looked back at the archer. The only person who could interpret was the archer.
“What is this child saying?”
“I’m asking if you’re with me?”
“joy! what is the group I’ll take care of it now, so please wait.”
When the archer conveyed the leader’s words, the eyes of the natives widened. He spoke in an overbearing tone, as if he had been insulted.
“Warriors do not fight anywhere. Anyone who disturbs the sacred altar with blood will never set foot here.”
The archer licked his lips and translated.
“I think you better quit. They say they won’t let you in if you fight here.”
“Sheesh! lucky kids. You saved your life twice.”
As if the leader didn’t want to care anymore, he mounted the sword and entered the altar at the same time. Then the other party followed and entered the dark door.
Sirone and the others held their place for a while. If they went in together, there would have been no problem, but the situation was like this, and the sharp eyes of the natives were bothered.
“If you want to be tested, come in. The eyes of an angel will watch over you.”
“What is this person saying?”
“well. Since you’ve come, I think you’re telling me to play comfortably? If I had intended to kick them out, I would have closed the door.”
Sirone noticed and moved on. He received no reaction from the natives. Only then did the four of them, convinced, entered the door as dark as the abyss.
Eight people disappeared in an instant, but no tourist knew about it.
Labyrinth construction (1)
Upon entering the altar, Sirone inspected the structure. Contrary to what it looked like from the outside, it was not dark inside because the torches were on.
A square hole was sunk into the ground, and along the inner wall a staircase descended in a right-angled spiral.
Looking down, I saw a group of mercenaries who had already circled the helix twice.
Sirone walked quickly. Maybe he had a second gateway, so it was not good for him to distance himself from the mercenaries.
Eventually, a group of eight people came down the stairs.
The leader was annoyed at the kids who got on the free ride on the information he bought with a huge amount of money.
However, fulfilling the purpose of coming here was the first priority, so I put aside the thought of fighting for a while.
The archer in charge of the back end of the mercenary party asked Sirone, who was following him.
“Are you sane? Why do things without blood on their heads come and go in places like this?”
“Then why did you come here?”
“What, did you follow me without knowing anything?”
“yes. I don’t know.”
The archer looked at Sirone in bewilderment. I thought maybe it could be. It was an open secret that a hidden door existed in the ruins.
Something exists beneath the ruins. But don’t know what it is. This was the limit that ordinary people interested in historic sites could think of.
“Since I came in anyway, can you tell me? Why did you come here?”
The archer wondered what to do. I ran through the information market until my feet were sweating to find the hidden door.
In addition, the password had a high level of information, so he had to pay up to 20 gold.
However, as long as it has already passed through the door, the value of the information has been lost.
The archer thought that far and said with his eyes shining.
“How about this? The fact that you guys entered the door means that you broke through a high-security password. In terms of money, it would be well worth about 100 gold. So, I will sell you information. For 5 gold per question. how is it?”
“are you okay. You’ll find out when you go down anyway.”
When Sirone said it without thinking, the archer’s enthusiasm went up. I felt like I was ridiculed by a child for making money or not.
‘Such a foolish little boy… … !’
At that moment, the leader stopped walking. When the leader stopped, the people following slowed down in order.
“No, that sounds good. Do you know how hard we struggled to find our way? If you try to swallow it raw, you can’t. If you want to get down here, pay us.”
Sirone looked back at Amy. She shrugged her shoulders, nodded her head approvingly, and spoke to her leader.
“Then I won’t go down. We’ll be here, so go down and work.”
“Such a dog… … !”
The leader unknowingly burst into tears.
I should have recognized it when I couldn’t even turn my head at the bar. It would be a case like this that the corrupt things lived only in the mouth.
“But if it’s 1 gold per question, I’m willing to accept the deal.”
“huh? 1 gold?”
The leader’s mind spun quickly. You can’t get your money’s worth from them anyway. If so, wouldn’t it be beneficial to earn even a few gold?
“good. 1 gold per question. Pay 1 gold first.”
Sirone rummaged through the bag of gold coins and took out 1 gold. He could have done his research separately away from the mercenaries, but his friends respected Sirone’s judgment.
Sirone thought that this situation was worth 1 gold. I have no idea what might be underground. He thought that if he could prepare in advance with 1 gold, he would never lose.
For example, if there is a danger that only mercenaries know about, if they fall into a trap, you will be left without a move. However, after listening to the explanation, I was able to roughly predict the danger and difficulty of the underground.
“Why did you come here?”
There was room for fabrication if asked too broad a question, so Sirone got down to the nitty gritty.
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 138 - Maze construction(2).txt
===============================
[138] Labyrinth space-time (2)
However, the leader was also not an easy opponent.
Please enable JavaScript
“I came to meet the natives. okay?”
“That could be an answer, but you have to explain. It’s a breach of contract. If it’s like this, I won’t ask anymore.”
The leader wanted to be sorry. He was only thinking about raising Sirone, but he ended the business too early.
The quick-witted sorceress explained further.
“We don’t know anything other than that. Because I really came to see the natives.”
“okay.”
Sirone looked back at his friends and nodded. If they didn’t know what was underground, the danger of falling into a trap was gone.
Thinking it was a decent business, Sirone took out 1 more gold.
“Why did you come to meet the natives? 1 gold here.”
The archer who received the money smacked his lips as if in conflict. To be honest, it was embarrassing to tell others.
“To save Loop. It is also distributed in the market, but you can buy it in bulk here at a much cheaper price. I’m thinking of selling it to fund my adventure. Now, is this an answer?”
Sirone was shocked for a moment. It was a place of loop trafficking that had nothing to do with the secrets of the ruins.
However, the mercenaries also found this place with only fragmentary information, so it was too early to conclude.
‘How did this happen? Is it completely different from what I expected? A place that sells drugs? No, you shouldn’t think like that. It is a drug to the common people, but a ritual tool to the natives. Therefore, it must be a sacred object. That means in the end… … .’
After thinking about it, Sirone asked.
“Isn’t this the passage connected to the Aboriginal Autonomous District?”
“what? how do you… … Oops!”
Realizing his mistake, the archer frowned. He answered without taking any money.
Then Sirone rummaged through his pocket and pulled out 1 gold. He was in a hurry to ask, but he had no intention of playing his trick.
“Ah, here is 1 gold. Sorry for asking first.”
The archer stared at Sirone’s outstretched hand.
Of course, 1 gold was not easy to earn, but it was not an amount that would terrify a mercenary who had built his own career.
“Sheesh! it’s okay. Because I made a mistake.”
“It is not a mistake. That’s what a contract is.”
“know! It’s just that I can’t accept it because my pride is hurt. Damn, I can’t believe I made this mistake. Because I am still far away.”
“Then I’ll assume the last question was service.”
Sirone inserted the gold coin without hesitation. It is not the attitude of a sound student to waste it for nothing when they say they will not accept it.
The archer was in trouble for no reason. At some point, I felt that I was being swayed by a child the size of a chestnut tree.
“Instead, let me ask you something. how did you find out In fact, its content is top secret.”
“Because loops are sacred to the natives. Besides, if the margin is huge enough to raise a lot of money by selling loops, it won’t be loosely released. After all, among the natives, permission from someone with authority is required, and of course there is only an autonomous district where there is such a person.”
The archer had nothing to say. While wondering if there was anything worthwhile to do with money, what I found was the Kergo Ruins.
Sirone’s short words contained all the conclusions he had reached after spending several days and nights researching loops and searching the information market.
“Sheesh! One hair is amazing. Any more questions?”
“No, no. Now let’s go down and check.”
The archer smiled bitterly. I guessed why Sirone didn’t ask questions. He probably noticed that no matter what he asked, he had nothing more to say.
Sirone and the others went down for 20 minutes. Although it spiraled, it was still of great depth.
When we reached the end of the stairs, a single corridor continued. Two natives were standing at the iron gate installed 10 meters in front.
Unlike the natives outside, the upper body was exposed, and bare feet were visible under the pants.
The tattoo, which started at the navel, branched and continued up to the face, and it was frightening to see from a distance.
Sirone thought that this place would not be an autonomous district. You’ll have to walk at least a few kilometers to get into the Toa Mountain jungle.
The mercenaries were also nervous. The interpreter, the archer, took a seat next to the leader.
After exchanging a few words of code in the Kergo language, the native flipped the switch.
As the wheel made of iron turned, the door opened to the left and right.
“wow… … .”
Sirone’s eyes lit up as if he had landed in an unfamiliar world.
It was an octagonal room with stone walls. On the other side of the entrance, you can see an iron gate, and three men are guarding it.
In the center was an octagonal altar, identical to the shape of the room, laid flat, with spheres about thirty centimeters in diameter floating above the eight corners.
Sirone recalled the memory. It was a sphere that I had definitely seen before.
“Oh, what about that?”
The archer looked back at Sirone as if wondering. I didn’t even know what it was until I came here, and the odds of something familiar were extremely slim.
“what’s the matter? Do you know what that is?”
“That’s definitely a labyrinth… … .”
The leader licked his lips.
“Hey, what are you pretending to know? Why did you even think of the double bell hanging from your lower leg?”
The leader didn’t like Sirone from the bar. She didn’t even have the courage to fight, but she hated people who would force their necks in front of women. Because he had no woman to support his neck.
“maze? Did you just say maze?”
A native guarding the entrance asked. Even Sirone, who did not know the language, could understand the word Miro.
The archer, who was curious about the situation, added an interpreter as if patronizing.
“You ask if you know the maze?”
“yes. I have met you once.”
When the archer said yes, the native’s eyes twisted. As the tattoo bent, it was like seeing a goblin from a legend.
“You met? There can be no such thing. That is a lie.”
“no. I met you for real.”
The native is deep in thought. However, as if he came to a simple conclusion, he quickly returned to a relaxed expression.
“I don’t judge anything. Only the eyes of an angel will watch over you.”
After leaving behind incomprehensible words and closing the iron door, Sirone put aside her regret and turned around. I thought it was a start anyway.
As the mercenaries walked to the center, a native came from the other side of the iron gate.
Apparently, two of the three natives were gatekeepers, and only the man approaching seemed to have a different role.
You could tell just by looking at the color of the tattoo. While normal Kergoins have red tattoos, this man’s tattoos were white.
“This is a room of achievement and sacrifice. The eight eyes of an angel will judge you. To enter Kergo, you must pass through the time-space of the labyrinth.”
Upon hearing the word maze, Sirone hurriedly turned her head. But the archer kept his mouth shut, as if he had no intention of interpreting any more.
“maze? You just said it was a maze, right? What is that person saying?”
“Hey, don’t get me wrong. I’m not your interpreter, so why do I have to teach you?”
“You’re going to tell your colleagues anyway. tell me quickly.”
“no. Let’s not worry about each other from now on. We are here because we have work to do.”
The man with the white tattoo crossed his arms and stared at them. It was clear that Sirone was asking for an interpreter just by his hand gestures.
“Have any of you learned the ancient language?”
“Oh, I can do a little bit.”
“Then translate. Opportunities are equal for all. The eyes of an angel watch over everything in the labyrinth of time and space.”
“Why should I? These are not our group. I don’t know what you’re judging, but please separate them.”
“no. From the moment you enter the room of achievement and sacrifice, you are one. Will you achieve or sacrifice? That’s all you have a choice.”
“shit! I was caught unlucky. What are you going to do with these kids?”
As the conversation got longer, the wizard pressed on.
“What are you talking about? Please speak quickly.”
Unable to do anything, the archer relayed the story he had heard so far.
The mercenaries who heard everything were irritated. Had I known this was going to happen, I should have somehow left Sirone and the others behind.
“The eyes of an angel judge? Do you mean to evaluate your skills? Wrap it up and go with those kids? Isn’t this too disadvantageous for us?”
Amy’s eyes narrowed as the wizard complained.
“Hey, they keep saying we’re kids, how do we know if we have any skills or not?”
“Ho-ho-ho! Oh, so what? Aren’t you planning on blaming us because you didn’t get a free ride? To be clear, if you mess things up because of you, you better be prepared.”
“joy! Do whatever you want. Because I have no intention of being with you anyway.”
The wizard smiled coldly. Who is he? He was one of the rookies in the limelight as budding wizards in the mercenary world.
He didn’t get along with inferior mercenaries at all, so his colleagues were only made up of people of similar age and level.
On the other hand, it was clear that those ignorant children were students who learned swordsmanship and magic somewhere.
There was a huge difference between what I learned in school and what I practiced. He was a mercenary who had to throw his life easily, and he could be confident that he would not be pushed back even if compared to a certified wizard.
‘Hey, let’s see, kids. If you get past this, I’ll make you cry while praying.’
Anyway, thanks to the women’s spirit fight, I was able to bury the minor emotions.
As the eight of them looked back while waiting for the next one, the man with the white tattoo began to explain.
“There are two conditions for crossing the gate. You can prove your ability or send one person through the sacrifice of one person.”
As soon as he heard the interpretation, Sirone asked a question.
“What do you mean prove? What specifically do you prove?”
“hey! Don’t keep interfering! They don’t translate!”
“They say we have to do it together. Just ask me quickly.”
The archer, who had nothing to say, gnashed his teeth and translated. The man in white nodded and added his words.
“Descendant of the warrior, go up to the altar of judgment and play your chess on one of the eight marbles. God’s language will answer. Fail if red light flashes. If you see a white light, you have passed.”
Sirone continued to ask questions. He seemed to have hired Archer as his personal interpreter.
“Is there a limit on the number of entries? For example, how many times can one person try?”
“It doesn’t matter until you run out of strength. If a passer comes out, everyone can go to Kergo. If no one passes, you have to go back. This is the will of the labyrinth and the mission of Kergoin.”
“You said achievement and sacrifice. So what is sacrifice?”
“One person can pass through with one person’s blood.”
“You mean you have to die?”
“Yes.”
After hearing that, Sirone was lost in thought. You can take on any number of challenges, and even if only one person succeeds, everyone can pass.
But what if no successful applicants come out? I had no choice but to pass through the door at the sacrifice of my colleagues. It was one for each person’s life.
‘Something is strange. Was it necessary to go to Kergo with such cruelty? It doesn’t make sense to kill a comrade simply to save Loop. There’s something more to Kergo. After all, the mercenaries also came here without knowing the real secret of this underground.’
Sirone beckoned to translate again. The information collected so far was useful, so the archer agreed without a word.
“Are there limits to sacrifice? So either bring in someone else from outside or use the body of someone who has already died.”
“no. The moment you enter the room, you are one. The door never opens until everyone agrees. Therefore, such questions are meaningless.”
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 139 - Maze construction(3).txt
===============================
[139] Labyrinth space-time (3)
Sirone realized the situation. It was a more restrictive and dangerous rule than expected. It was because it was much more difficult than I thought to unite the majority of opinions.
I don’t know what was in the Kergo, but if there was something worth risking my life for, there was a possibility of infighting.
“what? Was it that simple? How about this? We’ll take care of the four kids and we’ll go in. I never knew there was such an easy way.”
The leader looked back at Sirone and pursed his lips. Her eyes were looking forward to seeing her terrified figure, but Sirone was just pathetic.
After hearing the rules, it was the right way to cooperate even if you don’t like it from now on.
A leader who puts emotions first could not only destroy the organization but also endanger the lives of his colleagues.
‘This person doesn’t deserve to be a leader. Other people seem to be halfway there.’
As expected, my colleagues stopped me. If you achieve achievement, you can pass unconditionally, so considering sacrifice was a later issue.
“it’s okay. Let’s start slowly How long will you be here?”
“Sheesh! Be lucky, kid.”
The man with the white tattoo headed to the side of the altar. And he crossed his arms where he could see all eight spheres.
“My explanation ends here. Come out one by one and prove your abilities.”
Sirone party and the mercenary group exchanged glances with each other. It was to calculate who had the advantage of starting first.
The leader pulled out an iron sword and pointed it at Sirone.
“Hey, you guys do it first. Of course, we don’t expect it, but we should do our best so that we can get a feel for it. then you never know I will take you to Kergo.”
“I don’t like it. Why do you arbitrarily decide that?”
“What is it? I mean, I really don’t like you! I’ll kill you right now! Kill you and go in?”
“You keep causing trouble. From now on, we need to unite our opinions. Didn’t you hear that if even one person refuses, you can’t leave? There is no limit to the number of times, but a handicap may be applied to the person who tries, and a trap such as anti-magic may be triggered. Since it is the first time for everyone, we have to judge carefully and decide the order.”
“This, this cheeky little boy… … !”
The leader was about to lose his temper. I hated the way he talked back bluntly, but the fact that he couldn’t refute was the most annoying.
But the sorceress had a different idea. Of course, there may not be any restrictions, but it was good to consider all conceivable variables unless you have been to the future.
“That kid is right. Let’s set the order. Then how should I decide?”
Sirone looked back at the space-time of the labyrinth at the altar. Having experienced a phenomenon called a spot, he was able to roughly predict what the current situation would be like.
“That sphere could probably absorb near-infinite energy. It would be standard for the warriors to do it first, excluding the magicians with high firepower.”
“Does it have to be that violent? Why do you decide?”
“It is the best organ that a descendant of a warrior can prove. In addition, if you look at the altar, it has a structural characteristic of doing something to a set target. Therefore, it is reasonable to view it as a device made for the purpose of hitting.”
“I got it. Then let’s set the order. Shall we start with the inspection first?”
The wizard said and looked back at the leader. But he shook his head as if offended.
“No, I will do it later. What is that kid talking about knowing? It’s a simple game. You just have to go out there and beat it up.”
“Whoa, our leader is like this? What do you want to do?”
“That’s Okay. Then we will send you a test.”
Sirone looked back at the swordsman on her side. Both Ryan and Tess were prosecutors. But you could predict who would come out without seeing them.
After the first try, you can get quite a lot of information. It was such a heavy mission and a dangerous role, so there was no way Lian would send Tess first.
“I will do it first. Of course, it could end on my turn. ha ha ha!”
“Anyway, unfounded confidence. Be careful anyway. Stay alert.”
Supported by Tess, Lian looked around from the center of the altar.
It definitely felt different from when I saw it from the outside. The marbles on her arms all seemed to be glaring at her.
“hey! do it faster! Are you scared already?”
Lian couldn’t even hear the leader’s words. He knew what to do from the time Sirone pointed at him.
‘For example, I am the vanguard. I must get all the information I can get on my turn. Right, Sirone?’
Lian walked to the northern sphere. He was not as transparent as he seemed from afar. Shall we say that it is filled with a hazy fog?
“Hmm, you said there is no limit to the number of times, right?”
Putting his face on the sphere, Lian tapped it with the back of his hand. When she didn’t respond, she repeated, gradually increasing her strength.
At some point, the fog of the beads disappeared and the number 1 appeared on the transparent beads.
“uh? Is it a number?”
Sirone recalled the explanation she had heard from the man with the white tattoo.
“Ah, God’s language means numbers. Rian, just in case you don’t know, get away.”
Ryan calmly took a couple of steps back. Moments later, the sphere glowed red, illuminating the hall.
It meant inconsistent.
I wondered what would happen, but that was all. I watched for another 3 seconds, but nothing particularly threatening happened.
“Aha, if you see a white light, you’ve passed, right?”
After understanding the rules, Lian returned to the center of the altar and finally drew the straight sword.
When the size of the actual sword hidden by the giant Lian was revealed, the mercenaries were startled. If that was all iron, it was a weight that could not be lifted unless it was a schema.
“Rian! Hit it with all your might!”
Tess, somewhat relaxed, turned her arms around and cheered. It was a big achievement just to know that she didn’t harm anyone who tried.
“don’t worry. I will destroy it in one blow.”
Lian lowered his stance while holding the sword with both hands. Embarrassingly, my heart was pounding.
But isn’t it a perfect situation to start with the sword passed down from your grandfather? It’s an attack that uses both hands to swing wholeheartedly.
“Good! Then go!”
Rian charged at full speed and slashed the greatsword. Instead of the powerful roar that everyone expected, a round, low sound wave was heard.
The space-time of the maze was not shaken, and there was no reaction to it. It was impossible without absorbing all power.
“Oooh!”
Lian maintained the posture of striking down the space-time of the maze. He could clearly feel the energy draining from his whole body.
But more than that, I was curious about the number that would appear on the marble. Is it pass or fail?
The marble became transparent, revealing the number 241. Compared to the hitting power when the number 1 appeared, it seemed to have done quite well.
Unfortunately, however, the orb gave off a red light.
“Oh, what a waste! Sirone, can we do it one more time?”
Lian’s drug is up. At first, she thought it was okay just to explore, but when she was rejected, her stomach churned as if she had been ignored.
“are you okay? Your legs look loose.”
“Oh, this? It sucked all the power. It’s not dangerous because it doesn’t put too much strain on the body. You will recover in a little while.”
Sirone nodded at the new information.
“ah-ha, I see. It’s a handicap, but nothing serious. Hmm.”
“Anyway, I’m really pissed off. If I had only been able to do the schema, I would have been able to pass.
At Lian’s words, the warrior of the mercenary group burst into a hearty laugh.
“Puhahaha! Have you ever been lazy because you can’t even ski? This is ridiculous. Get out of the way, I’ll do it this time.”
When the warrior entered, Lian had no choice but to leave the altar. But even as she walked away, she was muttering ‘One more time.’
“Did 241 come out? Then should I aim for 2,000 or so?”
The warrior rolled up his sleeves and swung his main weapon, the flail. He also wore a hatchet at his waist, but seeing Lian’s attempt, a flail seemed to be an easy way to deliver a shock.
The warrior took a deep breath and stretched all the muscles in his body. It wasn’t that his muscle fibers had significantly thickened, but when those changes took place throughout his body, his size swelled noticeably.
“Tess, that person… … .”
“that’s right. I am a schema user. Probably riding a strength-enhancing build. Well, it’s a natural choice for a warrior.”
“Aaaaaaa! Goaaaaa!”
The warrior charged with a roar as loud as its size. Even so, the hand was rapidly spinning the flail.
It’s not a two-handed weapon, but if you add rotational power, you can produce destructive power comparable to that.
The warrior swung his flail down as if to kill the enemy of the world.
The action stopped with a low booming sound. Like Lian, the sense of deprivation of power paralyzed her whole body.
“Whoa! Whoa! it’s over! You got it right!”
The warrior took a deep breath and stepped back. The technology was gorgeous to look at, so the onlookers watched with anticipation.
The number 248 popped up.
“What, what? Nonsense! 248? Only 7 points higher than that kid? Isn’t this broken?”
Tess walked to the altar, assuming a sword pose.
“Do you know what a hole-in-the-wall toy is? Come down quickly! The red light is already on!”
“No, I can’t admit it! I’ll do it again just once, just once!”
“Okay, come out! Recover your stamina and challenge yourself or not!”
The warrior crumpled his face as if unfair and turned his body. She couldn’t understand at all.
Ever since I was young, I’ve never lost if it’s my strength. It’s 248 even with a strength-enhancing build.
“huh? wait for a sec.”
The warrior looked back at Lian as if it were absurd. Didn’t that kid say he couldn’t open the schema?
But 241 points. In other words, it was said that he had exerted the same power as himself a little while ago with only the strength of his body.
“What, what? Nonsense! You can’t ski, right? Are you lying?”
“Why are you lying about that? If you fail, let’s quietly wait for the next turn.”
Lian didn’t want to talk about it hesitantly at the point of being rejected. What she was interested in now was how far her friend Tess could go.
Tess stood in the center of the altar and drew her sword. There was a cool sound like sliding on ice. People were mesmerized by the graceful movement, like a textbook.
“Hmm.
“No, not necessarily. Absorb all power. When I hit the straight sword, I didn’t even feel the backlash. Maybe the sword won’t bend?”
“okay? Shall we stab it as hard as we can?”
“If you’re anxious, will you do it with my sword? It’s heavy, but you can handle it with a schema, right?”
Tess raised the blade and bent it with her fingers. The sword bounced off with a ting and vibrated rapidly like a hummingbird’s wings.
“No, I will try my swordsmanship. Honestly, this is pretty interesting.”
Tess walked to the end of the altar and stood in a position where she looked at the maze’s space-time obliquely.
Acceleration of concentration through schemas. There are no vital points in the beads, but the speed generated by compressing the body’s movement is completely converted into power.
Tess rushed in silence that was more frightening than spirited. Her perfect score on her balance test was, as befits her, an angle that made her nearly level with the ground.
The moment she arrived at the target, her body shook as if creating an afterimage, and a three-sword brushed through the ground rose as if flying.
The moment he stabbed the sphere with a perfect fante movement, he felt a flash of light explode at the tip of his sword.
Normal swordsmanship has maximum acceleration at the midpoint, but Tess’s swordsmanship, which focuses on stabbing, peaks at the ‘tip speed’ of the sword.
As these characteristics are maximized through the schema, the thrilling illusion of the eyes occurs.
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 140 - Spacetime of Maze(4) 2.txt
===============================
[140] Labyrinth space-time (4)
Tess also experienced the absorption of power, but rewinded the movement and mounted the sword without any disturbance.
Please enable JavaScript
Distance control, maximum acceleration, everything was perfect. All eyes were focused on the sphere.
A number popped up. 442. It was the first time that the number exceeded 400.
What will be the result? Tess stared at her, showing no emotion.
After a while, the number disappears and the beads turn red.
“Whoa, that doesn’t work. it’s a shame.”
Tess turned without hesitation. I could understand the feelings of the two people who shouted that they would try one more time, but it is an act of low dignity to do accordingly.
“Damn it! Isn’t that really broken? I stabbed him with a saber, but how come more than a blunt weapon?”
The warrior screamed loudly. They lived in the world believing in their strength, so losing to a woman might hurt their pride, but from Tess’ point of view, it was just pitiful.
“I was eliminated in the same way, so what are you doing with that? And growing power and handling power are completely different! Why don’t you practice some skills instead of just lifting rocks?”
“what! Are you ignoring my power now? Can’t you see these muscles? Do you have something like this?”
Tess turned her head away as if she had seen the disgusting scene. She felt it would be more convenient to have a conversation with a cow than to discuss her delicacy with a macho.
“Is the inspection line over? Then it’s my turn this time.”
The archer pulled out the longbow behind his back and stepped out.
Based on the previous results, it seemed that it would be difficult to get a high score with only physical strength.
Arrows are also physical attacks, but the archer was confident. Even though it’s a costly method, I feel sick to my stomach, but wouldn’t it be ridiculed if I didn’t show off a single organ?
“Looks like you intend to use it.”
As the wizard said, the archer took out an arrow from his back and removed the arrowhead. Then, he took out a uniquely shaped arrowhead from the hard leather pocket on his pants.
The tip was not sharp, but round like an almond, but it was purple, not the usual iron color.
“Hmm, that was good. Shall we try it this time?”
Amy’s eyes lit up when she saw the uniquely colored arrowhead. Certainly, if that was the case, it could deliver a far more powerful impact than a normal arrow.
“Sirone, look at that. It’s a magic bullet.”
“uh? is that?”
Sirone had also heard about magic bullets in class. It was an item infused with magic into magic crystals, which are only extracted in very small amounts in the natural world.
The origin of magic crystals is a mystery, but it is an established theory that it is a chemical reaction in response to a unique natural phenomenon.
For example, magic crystals of lightning could be collected in dry highlands or tropical rain forests where thunderstorms often occur.
Minerals collected in this way show affinity for certain phenomena, and magic engineers succeeded in storing magic in magic stones using such properties.
Of course, this much was laboratory science, the success of which cannot be called an achievement.
In order to use magic crystals in real life, material engineering to convert them into energy and mechanical engineering to consume those materials in various forms must be supported.
The series of processes in which magic crystals are mined and consumed by society is made up of so many manpower and enormous capital that it can be described as an industry.
And the field that competed for the top spot in the industry was magic bullet, a lethal weapon.
“That’s the expensive magic bullet. How does it compare to the magic we use?”
“It’s not particularly powerful or anything. Being able to use magic without being a wizard is a huge advantage. Probably 1 gold for each one. Even though the weight of the magic bullet that actually goes into the arrowhead is only 10 grams.”
Sirone stuck out his tongue. It’s 1 gold for just one bowstring. If so, how much money did the 3,000 archers in the history books spend on the fire of magic bullets?
“It’s great stuff. If you’re like me, I don’t think you’ll be able to use it.”
“Since we’re wizards, it’s only natural that we think about what we’ve lost. However, in actual combat, whether or not there is a spirit bullet is an extremely important issue. In a situation where you can die without moving, you can live with a single magic bullet.”
“I see. But do you know the details? They didn’t teach that in class either.”
“I also found out recently. The reason my eldest brother came home is because of the delivery of magic bullets for the archer unit. It seems that the company has been committing corruption since a year ago, but I don’t know at what stage the money is leaking out. I was curious, so I asked Nade, and he knew everything from the manufacturing process to the manufacturing technology.”
“huh? Nade? When did you ask that?”
“There was a time when you woke up and closed school. According to rumors, they made an invisibility cloak, but that’s an amazing skill. If it’s Nade, he’ll be able to make magic bullets.”
“what? You make that expensive thing yourself?”
“What, didn’t you know? Are you really a friend who can’t live without dying?”
“Haha, that… … . But Nade always shows weird things. He’s like a carriage that never stops or a doll that does a dozen funny dances.”
“Well, it’s not just about having technology. Since it is a state monopoly business, if you do not obtain a license, you will be arrested for manufacturing illegal weapons. But if you’re bored later, ask them to make one for you. If you ask, they will probably make it for you. It’s a magic stone because you can buy it cheaply from the Alchemy Foundation.”
While Sirone and Amy were talking, the archer released the magic bullet’s control device.
The impact-reactive magic bullet must be secured unless it is going through a dangerous area. One of the legs would be blown off in the event of a reaction, such as being run over by a wagon.
“Hey, I’m going to use magic bullets from now on. It’s called Lightning Arrow. If you stay close, you might get hit, so get back.”
Sirone and the others moved as far away as possible within the sighting range. I expected that the space-time of the maze would absorb magical power, but there was nothing wrong with being careful.
As the archer pulled the string tight, even the tension around him seemed to rise. After a while, the moment I let go of my hand, the arrow sounded like a flute and crashed into the space-time of the maze.
As the magic bullet reacted, it released powerful lightning bolts.
However, the blue electricity was generated only inside the marble. As expected, it seemed to absorb even magic power.
The beads flashed for about 3 seconds, then went quiet. People waited for the number to come up, thinking that it was really worth the money.
1020.
The corners of the archer’s mouth went up as the score reached four digits.
However, the result was undoubtedly inconsistent. After scoring over 1,000 points and not getting any results, the archer came down from the altar thinking about what he had earned.
“Sheesh! What, did you just throw away money?”
“I can’t really say that. From the looks of it, your body seems to be fine, are you okay?”
At Amy’s words, the archer checked his condition. I saw the swordsmen’s legs weakening over and over again, but this time it didn’t matter.
“huh? That’s right. It doesn’t seem to take away even the archer’s strength. The space-time of the labyrinth seems to measure only the blow damage.”
“That could be a piece of information. What are you going to do? Would you like to try again?”
The archer stared at the orb. Anyway, he made the best of it, so it wasn’t too bad. But wasting money beyond this was a no-brainer.
“no. No matter which attribute you use, it won’t make much of a difference, and I don’t think you’ll pass with this. Only magic bullets are worth it.”
Amy readily agreed.
“Then, is it the wizard’s turn from now on? Sirone, who should do it first? you or me?”
The mercenary wizard smiled and pointed at Amy.
“How about you try it? It’s my turn next, so I’m sure there will be a comparison to see who’s stronger.”
Amy accepted the challenge as if there was nothing to hold back. Come to think of it, she still had feelings to resolve with that woman.
“great. Sirone, then should I go first?”
“huh. Show your skills. Go for it!”
Sirone saw that Amy had potential. Her specialty is the fire class, which specializes in offensive magic. In addition, it was a target type that emphasized the power of a single shot.
There are countless types of magic, and fashion changes according to the speed of development, but the fire attribute has always been the strongest in the magic world, ranking first in the power category.
But Amy was cautious. She stood at the altar, calculating which spell she would deploy.
‘It’s surprisingly difficult. It’s too close to use sniper mode. Should I just attack as a target? But then the power will decrease.’
Unlike the freezing system, where absolute zero is the limit, the flame system has no temperature rise limit.
Many wizards are drawn to its infinite possibilities and choose flame, but even high-level wizards find it difficult to overcome the barrier of 1,000 degrees Celsius.
Still, the flames are strong. This is because most things on the planet are under the rule of 1,000 degrees.
Living things, trees, and most metals except iron were bound to be burned by the energy of heat.
However, just as there is no perfect attribute in the world, there were also disadvantages to flame-based magic.
It was lightness.
The total amount of energy is enormous, but the heaviness is poor. So, usually, the air type is grafted to supplement the hitting power, and the representative example was the flame strike.
‘However, due to the nature of Flame Strike, its power doubles as the distance increases. In this case, wouldn’t it be better to focus on the flames?’
Since the space-time of the labyrinth measures magical power, not impact, it was a good strategy to compete with a pure system that can increase the temperature purely.
Amy thought of a magic that would fit that, and made a decision.
‘Fireball.’
Two flames burned above Amy’s palms. Originally, it was a sphere, but due to the nature of fire, it formed a form of water droplets rising upward.
If the magic fire was different from real fire, it was, of course, density. In other words, fire mages increase the temperature by adjusting the density of fire. In addition, as the temperature increased, the radius of spread of the flame could also be increased.
Amy only rotated her wrist while holding the flame. Then she flew away with a ball of fire red like lava hanging down her tail.
As soon as the flames hit, the time-space of the labyrinth inhaled the flames. A tremendous whirlpool of fire circulated endlessly inside the orb.
When the score finally came out, people burst into exclamation.
3,270.
It was the best record ever. And looking at the results so far, it seemed difficult to exceed this score.
The archer realized that Sirone and the others were not ordinary students. The electric arrow with the added power of magic bullet was 1,020. However, the fact that the power of Fireball, the basic magic, exceeded three times that, meant that there was a difference from the level of magic.
But Amy frowned. As if this wasn’t going anywhere, the space-time of her labyrinth was fiercely emitting red light.
“what! What the hell?”
I thought it would be okay, but when I failed, the medicine went up and I felt like going crazy.
“Ho-ho-ho! It’s like a kid. Is it my turn this time?”
“Wait a minute! I’ll try sniper mode. I’m going to put an end to it today as to how much you’re asking for.”
Sirone smiled awkwardly and headed towards the altar. Amy, who had an extraordinary fighting spirit, would never come down unless she went and stopped her.
“Calm down for now. If you get angry and lose your concentration, you won’t get any more points.”
“Oh, really! Sirone, I will definitely do it again. Understand?”
The wizard who climbed the altar turned to Amy and said.
“Coincidentally, they were wizards of the same class, right? I am also a fire magician. I’ll try it with a fireball to match your level.”
‘Heh, that’s funny. He said he had the same thoughts as me.’
Amy responded with a snort. In any case, a dropout is always silent, so even replying was annoyed.
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 141 - Labyrinth (5).txt
===============================
[141] Labyrinth space-time (5)
The wizard returned with a serious expression. Then, between the palms of both hands, a sphere of fire was born.
Unlike Amy, it was a single sphere, so it would be much easier to increase the density.
‘I’m going to concentrate firepower, right? I’m so eager to win.’
As Amy expected, the wizard was nervous. Of course, since he had never calculated the power of magic numerically, he did not know how many points he would get.
However, no matter how much I thought about it, I wondered if it would be difficult to explode three times as much as an electric arrow.
“Taha!”
The wizard held out both hands vigorously.
Since inertia is ignored in the spirit zone under the wizard’s control, no special motion is required to cast the spell.
Even so, taking a firing stance was the mage’s struggle to increase his concentration even a little bit.
Amy followed the fireball with her gaze. As the space-time of the labyrinth held fire, a whirlwind of flames raged.
The wizard looked at the orb with eyes full of expectation. But after a while, her face turned into a tear-stain.
The score is 1,330. It was only 310 points higher than Electric Arrow.
It was a huge difference for a swordsman who was purely evaluated for physical ability, but in the realm of magic that applied phenomena, it could be said that there was a difference there.
“Oh, it can’t be. no! This is because the firepower is distributed. I can pass at least 2,000.”
No one responded to the wizard’s voice.
The difference was too great for me. No matter what she did, she couldn’t get past Amy’s shame.
The archer thought it was already too late to pass through this place. The naked girl who scored over 3,000 points must be the highest level here.
In the mercenary world, the sorcerer called divine is also 1,330. However, the fact that she showed more than twice her magic power meant that she was the strongest talent at least at her age.
Ryan and Tess were thinking the same thing.
I don’t mean to disparage Sirone’s skills, but Amy was Sirone’s senior at school. As her senior, she had failed, so even if she was a sirone, she would have a hard time showing more than that, she expected.
Amy was the only one who wasn’t thinking that this wasn’t the end.
“Sirone, you have to be serious. Maybe it’s because it’s so narrow that I couldn’t cross it.”
“okay. I’ll try my best.”
The leader licked his lips and twisted.
“under! What do you do when you do your best? Results should come out. It’s already done. Let’s fold and go back.”
Sirone realized something from the leader who gave up without even trying. Space-time of the labyrinth called the eye of an angel. What on earth did she build such an altar for?
But it was time to put aside the fleeting insight for a while. Right now, the priority is to focus on the work of the altar.
Sirone closed her eyes and performed the sequence ceremony. A dot of feeble light was born in the front. Subsequently, an innumerable number of photons rushed into the center and grew in size.
“What, what? photon output? What impact do you have with that?”
The wizard said with an absurd expression. Even so, the reason why I couldn’t take my eyes off Sirone was because of the power that couldn’t be seen with normal photon output.
The moment Sirone opened his eyes after completing the sequence ceremony, the fist-sized white sphere vibrated as if it were about to die.
Sirone gritted his teeth and hit the photon cannon. A beam of light that stretched out at sub-light speed struck as if it would shatter the space-time of the labyrinth.
The mercenaries, who were not expecting it at first, were fascinated by the beauty of the flash and trembled as they waited for the score.
4,783.
People’s eyes widened when an unexpected number came up.
Wizards and archers, especially those skilled in magic, were astonished. It was because the magic Sirone cast was none other than photon output.
Light has no special firepower. There was only an impulse defined by the product of velocity and mass.
Still, 4,783 points came out. Compared to his colleagues, it was said that the impact was equivalent to the shock of 20 warriors who chose a strength-enhancing build and struck with all their might.
“Eh, what the hell are those things?”
The mercenaries were starting to get anxious. I didn’t know what the principle of Sirone’s magic was, but I had to assume that there was no one among my colleagues who could withstand once hit.
But everyone had no time to think of anything else. This is because even though it was hit with tremendous power, the space-time of the maze emitted red light as if it were showing off, and it was judged to be unqualified.
Sirone lost all his strength. How the hell did the beads come from?
Maybe 5,000 points is the last line of passing. However, it seemed that the Photon Cannon could not increase its power more than this.
“I wish I could do it one more time.”
As if Amy had waited, she covered her mouth and smiled.
“Ho Ho! Do you understand my feelings? Because I did too. But how many points do you really have to get to pass?”
“I don’t know. I think doing it with a laser would be fine.”
“Oh, yes! Lasers can accumulate energy.”
Sirone’s laser causes molecules to vibrate, resulting in greater destructive power over time. In theory, there is nothing that cannot be destroyed, so it was perfect for this evaluation.
“But there is a next turn. I’ll have to give it a try once I’ve done a round. what are you doing? won’t you?”
Sirone said to the leader. But he just stood there with a shit-chewed expression on his face.
Seeing the scores soar as the order progressed, I didn’t feel like stepping out. As a prosecutor, the only score he could give was around 200 points.
“Sheesh! it’s okay. It’s already over! I have no choice but to go back.”
The leader walked towards the entrance with an urgent gesture. However, no matter how much he turned the doorknob, the iron door did not budge.
When the group looked back in surprise, the man with the white tattoo said.
“You are one. If one person is evaluated, everyone should be evaluated. You cannot go back before that.”
After hearing the archer’s interpretation, the party finally understood. It was a rule that did not simply unify the will, but actually had to match the actions.
“ah! annoying! Why do you keep asking me to do what I did?”
Complaints continued from the leader’s mouth. But in order to get out of here, he had no choice but to prove his skills.
‘I see. These are really cruel rules.’
Sirone got goosebumps.
How come I didn’t know until now? All the rules explained by the man with the white tattoo were premised on one condition.
Trust between colleagues.
When you think about it, it’s a really strange evaluation method. This is because, in terms of firepower alone, wizards are much more advantageous than swordsmen.
However, that did not mean that the swordsman was weaker than the wizard. Even if the wizard could break rocks and split the ground, the swordsmen were specialized in biological combat who could cut the wizard with a single knife.
In addition, measuring the power of magic was also a problem. If Amy, who specializes in ranged magic, had tried sniper mode, her score would have been much higher. However, this place did not consider such a variable.
A narrow octagonal altar that could not exert any special means, and eight spheres.
‘Why eight? Just to balance out the look? But in reality, we only had one sphere as a group of eight, didn’t we?’
Strangest of all was the language of God. The space-time of the maze measures the amount of impact and expresses the value as a number.
why the hell What does that mean?
If it is to discriminate those who go to Kergo, isn’t it enough to simply indicate pass and fail?
Depending on the long term of the major, the deviation of scores becomes enormous. In such a state, everyone must be evaluated.
The emotion that arose there was one.
‘Obsessed with scores. He becomes anxious when his peers score higher than him. If you get a lower score than yourself, you will be ignored. If there is no perfect understanding of each other’s roles, discord will inevitably arise. And what awaits at the end of that rule… … .’
You can send 1 person through the sacrifice of 1 person.
Sirone took a deep breath. What the hell is Miro thinking? This was an evaluation made to kill each other.
“Sirone, let’s just leave when that person is finished.”
Amy whispered. She must have thought the same thing, but her eyes showed tension.
Ryan and Tess were also making serious faces as if something was wrong.
Since they emphasized camaraderie, it was natural to be sensitive to this atmosphere, and since the evaluation was clearly unfavorable to the prosecutor, it would have been quicker to grasp the intention of the rule.
As expected, the leader did not know what to do. He felt that the gaze of his mercenary colleagues was different from before.
“Whoa, whoa, whoaaaaa!”
The leader ran without even a chance to catch his breath. He’s charging, but in Sirone’s eyes, it’s as if he’s running away from something.
Is the schema opened properly? Where is the location of the sword? What is the distance to the target. As he ran without knowing anything, his steps staggered.
I breathed in a short breath and swung the sword as if falling down, and the sword with poor accuracy hit the side of the sphere and bounced off.
“Kuh! shit!”
The leader, who was trying to get out of the altar through the time-space of the maze, hurriedly regained his balance and looked back.
The number 32 floated.
But no one laughed. Their faces hardened as if they had been terribly humiliated.
“What, what’s up! You can’t even get through! Is it because you did it? Let’s get out!”
The leader left the altar with useless brute force. However, his feet were heading away from his comrades.
‘That party is over. If I leave here, it will probably disintegrate.’
Sirone thought it was time to stop at this point. It’s a pity that he can’t take on the challenge again, but he couldn’t add anything more by taking out the mercenaries whose trust was broken.
“excuse me… … Please translate for me.”
Sirone asked the archer. Even when I went, there was one thing I wanted to check.
The archer also readily accepted, perhaps feeling a sense of collapse in the current situation.
“okay. What can I ask you?”
“Has anyone passed through this gate so far?”
The man with the white tattoo nodded resolutely.
“It is a gateway to pass through. It’s not a trap.”
“How many points must come out of the space-time of the maze to pass?”
“The eight eyes of an angel will judge you.”
The man repeated what he had said at the beginning. In the end, everything was decided by the time and space of the maze.
Sirone thought for a moment before asking the last question.
“What percentage of the people who come here pass?”
“I don’t know exactly. Sometimes several people come, sometimes one person comes. From what I’ve seen, it seems to pass about 1 out of 10 times. Most of them had a high pass rate when they came alone.”
Sirone was startled. It was a much higher percentage than expected.
At first, I thought there might not be a passer-by. It was because of the assumption that Miro’s purpose in designing this place was not simply to evaluate skills.
Of course, that opinion remains unchanged. But the man with the white tattoo said there must be a passer-by. That too, at a staggering rate of 10 percent.
The corner of Sirone’s mouth trembled as he smiled. A shudder ran up his spine.
“Sirone, what’s wrong all of a sudden?”
“The headmaster… … He’s a real naughty boy.”
“huh? What do you mean all of a sudden?”
Amy asked back questioningly, but Sirone was not in the mood to answer. Alpheas’s voice sounded like an hallucination.
– You should be able to get a rough idea of what the world Miro lives in is like.
Not roughly, but I knew for sure. He was saying that if you couldn’t pass this level of difficulty, you shouldn’t try to learn about the maze.
‘I’m sorry, Headmaster. But I found out.’
Sirone did not give up. I was sure to pass through this place during the travel period.
Amy guessed as she looked at Sirone who didn’t answer.
‘You didn’t give up, Sirone.’
If so, don’t give up either. At first, I was just following to help Sirone, but now I really want to know about a woman named Miro.
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 142 - Labyrinth (6) 6.txt
===============================
[142] Labyrinth space-time (6)
“Now, let’s get out of here! no complaints? Hey, open this iron door!”
Please enable JavaScript
The leader slammed the iron door. His pride was crumpled and he could no longer bear the cold stares of his peers.
“Does everyone agree?”
The man asked, but he didn’t really need an interpreter. The mercenaries nodded without a word and headed for the door.
Their hearts were miserable. Coming here was a really bad choice. I was trying to get my share of the loop, but I only lost my loyalty and wasted money.
“Guys. let’s get out quickly come here.”
The attitude of the mercenaries was different from before. There was a big sense of collapse, but it was good to notice that the children’s skills were not average.
However, Sirone and the others were staring at the mercenaries without even taking a step.
The wizard quietly became uneasy. Amy calmly said, “How can my foreboding not be wrong?”
“Don’t we want to go out yet?”
The mercenaries’ heads turned in unison. All sorts of emotions crossed their eyes, including anger, embarrassment, and fear.
At least the quick-witted wizard swallowed his anger and spoke in a soothing tone.
“Why don’t you want to go out? Are you done already? We are too tired to do it anymore.”
“That’s your case. The ideal of coming here is one. I don’t know? It would be difficult if we didn’t ask for our opinions and went out on our own.”
The wizard was upset, but for now he had no choice but to please Amy.
“okay. I didn’t even pay attention to that. So let’s go.”
“I’m sorry, but that can’t be done. We have to go through here and go to Kergo.”
“But there is no other way! ah… … !”
The woman’s face turned pale. There was a way.
This is the room of achievement and sacrifice. It was not necessary to prove achievement alone.
The man with the white tattoo said quietly.
“To leave or to stay? If you want to prove your skills, go through the labyrinth of time and space. If you want to prove the sacrifice, you can send 4 people as the sacrifice of 4 people.”
“huh? What are you talking about?”
As soon as Lian asked, Archer translated. Of course, it was a completely distorted and transformed language.
“Ah, when you’re done with your business, I mean go quickly.”
Amy said with a smile.
“Oh, is that strange? I’ve definitely heard this You can send 4 people at the expense of 4 people.”
The archer’s eyes were filled with shock.
“you… … Did you know the Aboriginal language?”
“What are you talking about? That’s what I heard when I first came. Do you know what fool we are? Can’t you remember a word you heard once?”
The archer opened his mouth blankly. Oh, is that so? It’s not? Isn’t it rather strange to remember words you’ve heard for the first time?
“Anyway, it’s a sacrifice of four people. one two three four. There are only four of us.”
The blood drained from the mercenaries’ faces. That girl really intended to sacrifice someone.
Ryan and Tess also felt the same tension as in the real battle. In particular, Tess stomped her feet when cute Amy suddenly changed.
“Sirone, are you really okay? Heeing, Amy is so scared.”
“are you okay. You do that on purpose.”
“You mean that on purpose? I don’t think so.”
“Let it go. Amy will take care of it.”
The mercenaries looked at each other. If you fight, you will lose. Lian and the warrior are equal, and Tess is stronger than the leader.
In addition, he was overwhelmed in the wizard’s battle, and even the existence of an archer was useless in front of Sirone’s photon magic.
“Come on. These are the faces you don’t want to sacrifice. In any case, you have to do your best.”
“Why are you doing this? Is it because of our behavior at the bar?”
Amy tilted her head as if to raise her head.
“Hmm?”
The archer realized that he could not alleviate the situation with a clumsy response. He walked to the place where Sirone and the others were, bowed politely and said.
“sorry! We looked down on you and made a mistake. Forgive me just once. Hey, you guys should come and apologize.”
When the archer looked back with his head down, the remaining three reluctantly walked away. However, since it was a life-and-death matter, the attitude of apologizing was polite.
“Sorry! I’m too cheeky. Please forgive.”
“I will not do that in the future. I learned a lot from this So can we just make up for the mistakes we made at the bar?”
Amy frowned and said.
“Hmm, I don’t know. What the hell did you do to us? Hey, bar? Could it be that you were at that bar? weird. Why didn’t I see it?”
The mercenaries’ faces turned red. I felt like I was thrown to the ground and trampled on because I couldn’t hold back my pride.
This time, even Sirone couldn’t help but shudder at Amy’s persistence.
‘If you make Amy angry, you will end up like that.’
Amy and Tess were the most attacked when they were ridiculed at the bar.
The time when I was subjected to all sorts of insults and shame just because I was a woman. She wasn’t the Amy I’d forget, even decades later, until she got her revenge.
However, in a sense, it could be said to be the standard of a magician obsessed with efficiency.
Even if it wasn’t necessary to do that, the magician was annoyed at the fact that he couldn’t utilize 100% of the advantage given to him.
That is why it is often said that wizards are eccentric. In fact, there are many mages who lack humanity.
However, because of the spirit of pursuing such tenacious efficiency, magic has developed so far and will continue to develop.
‘What are you going to do with us? Shit.’
The mercenaries didn’t know what to do and just kept their heads down. The sound of teeth grinding seemed to be heard from here.
Only then did Amy get to the point.
“I have a suggestion. If you accept that, I might go out with you.”
“which… … ?”
“I said you need to know the password to get in here, right? What is the password?”
The archer realized. Those kids were thinking of trying again. After going through numerous investigations and verifying sufficient possibilities, he intends to come back here.
“Keltia, Lo Hoima. Akrasia, Widmia Benzene. This is the password.”
“What do you mean?”
“Knock on my door. Then it will open.”
Amy turned to the white tattooed man. And he pronounced the ancient language the archer had taught him without making a mistake.
“Keltia, Lo Hoima. Akrasia, Widmia Benzen?”
The natives guarding the exit noticed Amy’s intentions and nodded.
The archer was in a bad mood. No, in what sense should I say that I admired it? I was astounded by her sophistication.
“shit! Trust some people! Would I lie in this situation?”
“Who said what? There’s nothing wrong with being sure. I got it anyway. thank you.”
Amy approached her friends with a happy face as if she had never done that. Like her chameleon, Tess stuck her tongue out as her emotions changed color.
“Were you trying to figure out the password? Do you know how nervous I was when I thought we were fighting for real?”
“Huh, if you’re going to come back anyway, it’s good to know. Anyway, let’s go out.”
When Sirone’s party and the mercenary gang all expressed their intention to leave, the man with the white tattoo pulled the device next to the iron door.
The entrance shook violently, leading the way out.
Just like when they came in, the mercenary gang went up the stairs first.
But the atmosphere itself was different from that time. Everyone hung their heads like defeated soldiers, and no one spoke.
Sirone and the others were also speechless.
I couldn’t get into the autonomous district, but that was a matter of planning from now on.
Rather, the thought of the space-time of the maze that I experienced today made my head complicated.
‘The construction of the labyrinth. Why did Miro make the contraption? And why did they set up these cruel rules? What’s in Kergo? What is the connection between Kergo and Maze in the first place? I would like to know. Maybe the maze… … .’
While Sirone analyzed the maze, Amy, who followed her, was also immersed in her own thoughts.
‘There’s not just one way to investigate ruins. Let’s devise every possible strategy. Sirone seems to have his own ideas, but he can’t rule out a way to explore the underground with the Spirit Zone. Even if you pass, there is a problem with interpretation. When I go outside, I will find someone who can interpret. You can find it among the locals.’
Tess was equally impressed by this place. In particular, being able to quantify and confirm one’s armed forces was a significant achievement.
‘The impact of a sharp sword can be counted more than that of a blunt weapon. But in the end, I couldn’t reach magic. Can the prosecutor get through that door? If possible, to what extent? Sirone’s magic is close to 5,000, so I’m guessing it’s ten times my blow. Would it be possible for a dad to roughly double the acceptance criteria? Ugh, if I knew the cut-off, I could set a goal. Since Sirone said he’d come back, I’ll have to go and investigate further.’
Lian, who followed last, was also speechless. Wrinkles were forming between her brows, as if she was struggling quite a bit.
‘What do you want to go out to eat?’
After walking for about 30 minutes, Sirone and the others arrived at the altar on the ground.
When they knocked on the door from inside, the native opened the door, but the party had no choice but to be nervous due to the inertia learned underground.
When I came out, the fresh air washed my lungs. Even though it was only a few hours’ journey, the sun in the sky didn’t seem to belong to today.
Sirone’s party and the mercenary group split in opposite directions. But it didn’t disappear from sight. Sirone and the others wanted to savor the afterglow, and the mercenary group was on the verge of collapse.
Sirone organized her daily routine.
“Now what? It was more successful than expected, so shall we finish today’s ruins exploration with this?”
Amy was also in favor.
“OK. I’ve been working hard for a while and I’m tired. You have to go in early and take measures.”
Ryan said as if he had discovered something amazing.
“Before that, how about hitting a bowl of noodles? It was delicious there earlier.”
Tess’ gaze stabbed Lian.
“Do you eat and eat noodles? At least they should bring me some buckwheat noodles. That’s why it’s so simple.”
“What is it? What a thoughtful decision I made!”
“Then what do you do? When Bing comes back, it’s the same place.”
As Rian and Tess were fighting with menus, mercenaries approached. Sirone and the others stopped talking and looked back at them.
There are warriors, wizards, and archers, but the leader has disappeared somewhere and has not been seen.
The mercenaries did not speak readily and exchanged notices. In the end, the wizard was selected as the right person and came forward as if being pushed.
But it took a while for her to say something about how awkward this situation was.
“excuse me… … Would you like to join our mercenary corps?”
“Are you a mercenary?”
“huh. If you know it, there are many good things about being a mercenary. You can earn a lot of money as well as fame. Especially with your skills, you will rise as a star right away. As you can see, the leader withdrew a while ago… … Oh, of course, it’s okay for you to be the new leader. If you give an order, we’ll follow it unconditionally, and if others come in, we’ll treat them really well. how is it?”
Sirone stared at the magician’s bright eyes. And he said it straight away, as if he hadn’t even thought about it.
“no, I do not want.”
After saying that, he turned around and left, and his friends followed Sirone without any regrets.
“Let’s just eat noodles. Was it honestly delicious?”
“no. You’re just doing it because you want to fill your stomach first. If you endure a little bit, you can eat something much tastier.”
The mercenaries stared blankly at Sirone and the others.
The wizard’s face turned into a tear-stain, and a worried sigh leaked out.
“Ahh, my blessed life.”
(end of volume 6)
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 143 - The name parrot (1) 1.txt
===============================
[143] The name parrot (1)
There was a secret space in the tavern royal palace. Even in the Freeman organization, only Falcoa can enter.
Please enable JavaScript
It was a loop manufacturing facility.
“You cheeky little boys! Do you think it will end like this?”
Jess’ heart pounded as she stood beside Falcoa. I had seen Falcoa’s eccentricities for a long time, but the current situation was not normal.
‘What the hell are you doing here? Why did you bring me all of a sudden?’
As usual, Jess, who was returning from her job as a solicitor at the port, was captured by Falcoa’s men and arrived here.
It’s been a day since Sirone and the others left the tavern in a riot, but Falcoa’s anger didn’t seem to subside.
“Cheuk, wait and see. I won’t let you go.”
Falcoa laughed grotesquely, tearing at the corners of his mouth. In her head, the faces of the four party members shimmered with a nasty poem.
As expected, the one I hated the most was Amy.
When he poured the alcohol mixed with the loops that Falcoa gave him into his mouth and showed off his red face, he almost pulled out his sword right away.
Jess glanced sideways at Falcoa, terrified.
What Falcoa was messing with was a device that turned loops into powder.
The root of the loop is pressed to extract the juice, and then ground until all the moisture is removed, leaving only a fine powder.
But can we call it a drug?
Originally, it was used to chew the root of a tree and neutralize it with saliva. However, the current one was no different from a toxic chemical that only maximized its efficacy.
“Jiss, I have to go back.”
“Uh, where are you?”
“To a girl named Amy. Having succeeded once, you will be able to succeed again. Don’t tell me she can’t. If you have eyes, you will know how I am.”
Jess swallowed. Of course, I thought he would take revenge, but it was unexpected that it would go astray.
Jess had noticed that Amy was the offspring of a great family. If she laid her spell on her, it would only be a matter of time before the Galliant government and all her island would be razed to the ground.
“no way… … Are you thinking of poisoning her?”
“Addicted? stupid child. That woman never gets addicted. all right If the ruler of the red eyes who made a name on the continent becomes addicted to this cat loop, it will be used.”
“Then there is no need for this, right? I’m just going to scrape it and get scabs.”
Jess tried to convince Falcoa with a glimmer of hope.
However, it seemed that Falcoa had already stopped listening to anyone.
“Such an idiot. Doesn’t your head spin like that? Didn’t you ever think that this operation would be successful because you never get poisoned?”
Falcoa wrapped the powdered loops in oiled paper. And I poured it all into the cup of water that I had prepared in advance.
Jess stopped breathing.
I’ve never used loops, but I know how to use them.
Usually, one root is enough to chew for about 2 hours. But now Falcoa’s water has tripled that amount.
Moreover, since it is an aqueous solution, the effect of the drug, which would normally take 6 hours, should be received all at once.
“Stop, please… … .”
“Yeah, that’s it. I’m feeding this one more time. That girl would definitely accept and drink with confidence. But with a loop like this, you’ll die without getting stuck. You know what I mean?”
“Uh, why are you doing that? You can’t sell it when it dies.”
“Hey, it doesn’t matter. Bring the corpse.”
Falcoa poured the loop solution into a glass bottle. When the aqueous solution melted into the bottle containing the drink, it looked like a pretty jade-colored c*cktail.
“Okay, take it. It’s simple. Bring it out that you have something to say, then feed it. Then you can put it on a wagon and bring it. can you?”
Jess looked at the vial with bloodshot eyes. His body was trembling with fear.
Amy won’t deny it. And if you took even one sip, then it was over.
“What are you doing? Or do you want to drink?”
Falcoa’s life force pressed Jis down. The flesh seemed to form like a hand, squeezing and grasping her neck.
“Stop it, you trash child.”
“what?”
Falcoa doubted his ears.
Did the energy of the loop still remain? It won’t be. Thanks to not taking the loop out of her mouth even for a moment, even the loop’s medicinal effect was now insensitive.
“What did you just say? Say it again.”
When people go through something too absurd, there are times when they become calmer. Falcoa was like that now.
It was later that I got angry. First of all, it was important to check once again whether the words of this young boy who had not dried blood on his head were true.
Jess couldn’t get the words out of his throat.
Maybe it was the last chance. If I apologized even now, I might end up half dead.
‘but… … .’
Jess couldn’t bear to bend the knee to Falcoa.
-I don’t like guys like you.
The words he smiled at himself from the carriage made Jiss unable to move.
Why? You just have to admit that you’re weak.
The moment she blamed Falcoa, Amy seemed to be turning into a liar, so even if she wanted to withdraw her words, they wouldn’t come out of her mouth.
“Stop it, you dirty child. A guy like you isn’t even human. A child who is so addicted to drugs that he can’t even tell the difference! Saying that a guy like you is garbage is a compliment!”
Jess was dizzy. As pleasure and fear mixed together, he lost consciousness without being able to control his mind.
But he spit it out.
like sirone. Like a person whose future does not exist.
Falcoa’s fist swung like lightning into Jess’ distraught face.
“Keugh!”
It was only when it became dark before my eyes that I realized the reality. What awaited Jess was a miserable future that could only be explained with the word hell.
“Such a madman! What happened to your head!”
Falcoa finally showed his true colors and beat Jess.
It wasn’t just a beating to intimidate. He was really kicking Jiss body like he was going to kill him.
If the schema had been opened, Jess’ body would have been crushed like meat hung in a butcher’s shop.
“die! die! die!”
Jess couldn’t even scream.
I felt like my whole body was being crushed for a while, but now I couldn’t feel anything. Only shocks outside the realm of pain were transmitted.
“Whoa, yes. There’s no fun in just killing a guy like you.”
Falcoa regained his sanity. However, it was an indication that an even greater misfortune would come to Jess.
“Ouch! Kuck!”
Falcoa grabbed Jess by the hair and lifted him up. It felt like his neck was cracked, but Ji’s condition was so messed up that he couldn’t even worry about it.
“Okay, then I have an idea.”
He couldn’t lure Amy into a trap unless Jess stepped in and gave it to him, but Falcoa grew tired of arguing about trifles.
“I’m impressed, Jess. A person like you must have the courage to do this. I’m obsessed with that girl, but don’t mess with her the way you want. How are you, are you happy?”
“I, please… … Please take a look.”
Jess burst into tears. Because he already knew what Falcoa was thinking.
“Did you say Yuna? It’s your sister’s name. You will regret the decision you made today for the rest of your life.”
“No. Please, as much as Yuna… … Kuck!”
Falcoa threw Jess’s head to the floor. Like a ball, Jess’s face thumped the floor, rose up, and plummeted downward. With that single blow, Jess lost consciousness.
“Cheuk, it turned out to be fun anyway.”
Of course, she had no intention of forgiving Amy just because her goal had been changed to Jess’ sister. She brought Yuna to her hideout and harassed her, then she intended to blackmail Jiss. When she threatens to risk her sister’s life, Jis will have no choice but to comply.
“Bring a girl named Yuna to the hideout right now!”
In a fit of rage at his subordinates, Falcoa chewed up the root of the loof entirely.
* * *
By the time Sirone and the others arrived at the villa, it was already close to midnight. The street was a street, so I was about to stop in the middle and solve it until evening before returning.
Although I didn’t get the expected results in the room of achievement and sacrifice, I felt a lot.
The conversation between the four did not end, and as a result, the stories that each of them had in their hearts came out.
“Oh, you’re going to be a soldier?”
Upon hearing Amy’s hopes for the future, Tess opened her eyes wide in surprise. She didn’t even expect that she was targeting her soldiers.
Of course, since he was a flame-type wizard and had polished his sniper mode, he could be said to be perfect for a battle wizard.
However, the Amy Tess knew was a soft-hearted person, contrary to her appearance. I couldn’t imagine how she would go out on the battlefield and take down countless enemies.
“Honestly, I am worried. Amy thought a girly job would suit her well.”
“Yes? Do I have a feminine job? I had never heard of such a thing in school.”
Tess was able to guess how spirited Amy’s school life was. However, she was good at reading people’s hearts and knew Amy’s real face.
“Whoa, I have a good understanding of espionage operations. A girl named Amy is actually very delicate and feminine.”
Amy gave a subtle smile. She never thought of herself as feminine, but it was also a fact she couldn’t strongly deny.
No matter how courageous he was, he wasn’t sure if he would be able to properly adapt to the military as it was a man’s world.
“Actually, I don’t know. Because the target type is a long term, I chose the flame type. As a result, I had no choice but to choose the most advantageous job in my major. Of course, I think the job of being a soldier is positive. Being a soldier is not just about fighting on the battlefield.”
“yes. There is also a supply officer. The future is bright when you enter the operational headquarters. right! How about something like this?”
As Tess clapped her hands as if thinking about it, Amy asked curiously.
“huh? Like what?”
Tess stretched out her index and middle fingers and pretended to aim them at someone walking on the sand at night.
“I mean the spy. Amy’s thinking ability is excellent, and on top of that, long-distance strikes are her specialty? After all, you have the most important weapon for espionage operations.”
“The most important weapon? what is that?”
Amy’s eyes shone brightly. Concerned about her future, she couldn’t help but be excited about another advantage she didn’t know about.
“A pretty face. Beauty is a must for a female spy. Because no man in the world hates a beautiful woman.”
Tess smiled like a tomboy as she spoke, and Amy turned her head sullenly.
“Ah, what is that? I was looking forward to it again.”
“Whoops, I’m sorry. But it’s not necessarily a joke. I get the impression that it’s a priority when hiring a national spy. In a job dealing with people, Amy’s impression is that it works perfectly. So seriously think about it. I will highly recommend it to my family.”
“All right, all right. I will only trust my magic skills.”
Amy’s face turned red. Although her words were blunt, she did not hate being praised for being pretty.
‘Aww, that’s cute. Look, how feminine is she?’
To Tess, Amy was a friend full of bullying fun. Tess, who was thinking about how to bully her more, suddenly remembered something she was really curious about.
“By the way, what will happen when you graduate?”
“huh? Of course, I have to take the official exam first and get a job.”
“No, sirone.”
“Sirone? Why Sirone?”
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 144 - The name parrot (2) 6.txt
===============================
[144] The name parrot (2)
Amy blinked at first, not understanding, but when she realized what Tess was trying to say, she turned her head away with a puzzled expression.
Please enable JavaScript
“Suddenly, it makes strange noises. What does Sirone have to do with my graduation?”
“But it is. Sirone is still class pogo, and you are in your senior year. Besides, with your skills, you will definitely be able to graduate next year. If that happens, won’t you leave for the capital?”
The moment she heard that she was leaving for the capital, Amy’s heart suddenly beat faster.
I’d never thought of it like that before. But in reality, it wasn’t that far off.
“It has nothing to do with me.”
“Hoo, is it?”
Amy spoke coldly, but Tess couldn’t detect the slightest hint of sincerity in her tone.
Amy, who remained silent for a moment, spoke out what was inside, as Tess had expected.
“still… … I made a promise. sure to catch up with me. I told you to speak comfortably under that condition.”
Tess closed her mouth in surprise and let out a ho-huh sound. If that was the case, the feelings the two had for each other weren’t that light.
“Hmm. Of course, sirone is also great. But I heard that class grapes went up in half a year? How could even a genius be able to graduate so easily?”
In fact, even Amy knew. The fact that the achievements Sirone has achieved so far cannot even be imitated by ordinary people.
An 18-year-old boy who lived without even knowing magic rose to Class Four in half a year.
It might be greed to want more here.
Amy looked at the back of Sirone, who was leading the way. Had Sirone ever thought of something like this? If she really graduates, will Sirone really miss herself?
It was difficult to take the first step among people who were doing their best. But Sirone was already taking a few steps ahead. Perhaps he is running with all his talents burning to the limit.
Amy knew that, but she couldn’t help but feel upset. She glared at Shirone’s back with a stinging gaze and conveyed it to her heart.
‘I mean hurry up. I really won’t let you go if you fall behind.’
After the women’s confidential conversation, the two quickened their pace and caught up with Sirone and Lian.
After reuniting, Sirone and the others climbed the hill to the villa while talking about this and that. Then, suddenly, Tess stopped and warned in a low voice.
“Shh. quiet.”
“Why all of a sudden… … ?”
Amy asked, turning to Tess. At first, she thought, again and again, that her playfulness was triggered. But when she saw that her expression was not serious, she immediately shut her mouth.
Tess, who trains saber swordsmanship, focuses on sensory-type builds among schemas.
Although not as good as archers, their sensitivity to stimuli far exceeded that of ordinary people.
Sirone and Rian noticed the atmosphere belatedly and approached her. Tess also signaled them to be quiet with a raised finger.
“There is someone in front of the villa. If you look at your lung capacity, you’re a man. If you’re average, you’re probably between 170 and 175.”
Lian grabbed the handle of the straight sword behind his back. There was a lot of chaos in the palace last night, so there was a good chance that there was an intruder.
“I don’t feel any hostility, but be prepared just in case.”
Tess stomped away like a cat, and the other three slowly followed her.
Upon arriving at the villa, I saw someone standing in front of the door. Seen only as a silhouette, he was looking elsewhere without even moving.
Sirone and the others moved forward without slowing down. But before I could take a few steps, the silhouette lost its strength and collapsed to the floor.
Sirone and the others looked at each other and hurriedly ran to the door.
The midnight visitor was Jess. I couldn’t find a healthy place on my face where it came from.
Sirone grabbed Jess by the side and supported him. Just the touch of his hand made Jee’s face crumple in pain.
“Keugh! Oh, it hurts!”
“are you okay? Who did you do this to?”
“I-get out of the way!”
Jess pushed Sirone away. He won’t be able to get angry when he finds out who he’s brought to this point. He didn’t want to appear weak, at least not in front of Amy.
Jess sat down with his back against the door. The moment Sirone approached to help again, he painfully raised the corner of his mouth and burst out laughing.
“Have you been playing all this time? You’ve grown very tall.”
Jess’s condition looked very critical, but Tess remained vigilant until the end.
He was the one who seduced Amy in a strange way last night and put her in danger. No matter how injured she was, she had no intention of trusting her.
Amy, on the other hand, approached without hesitation. Rather than trusting Jis, as a person who knew the rules of this world, she was anticipating the future to some extent.
“What the hell happened to you? say it. Is Falcoa like that?”
Instead of answering Amy, Jess raised her head and glared at Sirone fearfully.
It felt good to think that I could confidently stare at Sirone.
It is Amy’s life that she saved while falling to the end of her life. Wouldn’t it be okay for her to be the main character, at least for a minute when she had to explain everything?
“Hey, you. listen carefully Take good care of your woman.”
“What are you talking about?”
When Sirone tilted her head, not understanding, Jis frowned terribly. He had guessed since the conversation he had with Amy in the carriage. The fact that the relationship between the two cannot be clearly defined.
That’s why it became more temperamental. She doesn’t know why she has to go through all this trouble because of Shirone, who has everything she doesn’t have.
“Amy, you son of a bitch! If you did something like that, protect it until the end!”
“I have no idea what you mean. why Amy? We were together all day today.”
Jess recalled Falcoa’s instructions. Even thinking about it now made me laugh out loud.
“Bring me, even if I kill you. Put the loop of lethality in a drink and bring it to Amy. Amy said she had no choice but to drink anyway.”
“This crazy… … !”
Ryan widened his eyes like a tiger and clenched his fists. She was equally enraged by the others who were listening.
Of course, Amy isn’t stupid enough to not know that Falcoa’s trick is. However, given her pride and her red-faced abilities, she was a problem that could have been terrible.
Tess, who had been thinking that far, shivered with chills.
“it’s crazy. I knew he wasn’t normal, but he really went the extra mile.”
Sirone’s voice was trembling like never before.
“So that drink… … .”
“I threw it in the trash. I said I couldn’t. Did you know now? I’m protecting Amy. It’s not you, it’s me! That I risked her life to keep her! Got it, you idiot?”
Sirone and the others firmly shut their mouths. I couldn’t refute it, and I didn’t want to refute it.
Sirone knelt down and leveled with Jis.
“Jiss, we… … .”
“therefore!”
Jess cut off Sirone’s words and screamed loudly. As he screamed with all his might, the pain swelled as if his ribs were breaking. But the reason he was crying like a waterfall was not because of the pain.
“therefore… … .”
Jess lay flat. Then he put his forehead on the ground and spoke in a sobbing voice.
“Please help me.”
Sirone and the others didn’t say anything and just looked down at Jis, who was lying face down.
“Your sister… … I think my sister got caught. After she came to her senses, she went to the store, she said she went home, so she went home and she wasn’t there either. So she went looking for her… … no one help me please find her sister I will ask you this.”
Jis, who begged Sirone and the others, burst out crying and repeated the word please.
Sirone was looking at it with a feeling of anger and sadness at the same time.
How many streets have you wandered in such a mess? Who cares about a little sister from the back alley? I vividly recalled him calling her sister’s name amidst everyone’s indifference.
“younger sister. my younger sister. my everything… … .”
“Is there anywhere you can guess? The place where my brother was taken.”
Jess raised his head. He came because there was no one to ask for help, but even if he wanted to help, he had to collide head-on with the island’s ruler, the Freeman Organization.
No matter how much a wizard was, his life was not guaranteed, so he thought it wouldn’t be easy to do the favor. That is why he begged with the determination to lay down his life.
But Sirone didn’t even think about it and was asking where her sister was taken.
“thank you! thank you so much!”
Jess bowed her head. As for the gratitude he could express, he had only this much.
Amy, who was watching him disapprovingly, grabbed Jess by the arm and pulled him up.
“it’s okay. Do what you do. All of a sudden, we’re weirder. let’s go in Let’s talk while healing the wound.”
“Ha, but my sister… … .”
“you idiot! If we recklessly attack in a hurry, we’ll be the first to suffer! If you were kidnapped on your way home, you still have plenty of time. Whatever I do, I’ll fly and go, so do the treatment first.”
Amy helped Jiss open the door to the villa. A girl named Yuna was also worried, but she was concerned about her wounds first.
As Jess lay down on the bed, Tess undressed him. Having learned numerous combat aids, she was able to know Jis’s condition at a glance. It was evident from the shape of her bruises that her ribs were damaged.
Tess pressed all over Jess’ body.
“Ugh! Oh, it hurts.”
“Of course it hurts. I got it like this I really hit it without mercy. Be patient. I also need to check the organs.”
Tess pressed on Jess’ belly with all her might. The organs protected by the skin and muscles were difficult to see unless it was entered so violently.
“Mmmmm!”
It must have been a maddening pain, but Jess desperately endured it. It was because of the thought that he could go to rescue Yuna only when the treatment was completed as soon as possible.
“thank god. He has a cracked rib and the rest is just bruises. The organs are also safe. You are surprisingly strong.”
Jess smiled bitterly. He couldn’t fight, but he was already good at being beaten because he attacked numerous nobles.
Jess explained the situation while Tess applied bandages.
Considering Yuna’s time from work and return home, the abduction time was estimated to be around 2 hours from now.
“I would have taken her to her hideout, so she wouldn’t have arrived yet. But I don’t want to be on time. I just want Yuna to live… … .”
Amy cut off Jess.
“no it’s okay. They’ll be traveling in a wagon, so if we rent a horse and ride it, we’ll be able to catch up. Where exactly is the hideout? I have been quite far from here.”
“I’ve never been there either. I heard it’s on the north side of the island, but I’m not sure if that’s true either.”
“no. Maybe that’s right there.”
Sirone was sure that it would be a hideout. The north of the island is a natural cliff. Wasn’t that why when I first came here, I went around the island and docked at the southern port?
In addition, if it was in the north, it was close to the Kergo Autonomous District, so it was out of reach of the government. There was no better environment to use as a hideout.
“Okay, then let’s go. Can I be alone?”
Jess nodded. He intended to send Sirone away, even if the wound worsened.
Even so, the reason for the dark expression was because of the guilt of pushing people who didn’t care.
“Are you really okay? It’s funny to ask for help and say this, but they’re really strong.”
Amy snorted. Even if she wasn’t Geese’s sister, the human named Falcoa would one day look after her.
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 145 - The name parrot (3) 5.txt
===============================
[145] The name parrot (3)
“Hmph, yes, they are thugs. Don’t worry and wait for us to come back.”
Please enable JavaScript
Jess confessed what he knew. He didn’t want to scare them away to rescue his brother, but he couldn’t bear the remorse of his conscience if he let it go.
“They suddenly appeared and took control of the island in three months. It’s not just an organization. According to Falcoa’s subordinates, they were called the parrot thieves before coming to the island.”
“The Parrot Bandits?”
Sirone’s eyes widened. Amy was also lost in her thoughts, as if it was unexpected this time.
The parrot bandits belonged to a man named Lucas who had invaded the school with Arcane.
Amy had watched a man named Lucas dance. As the effect of Abyss Nova faded, she remembered that she was a strong enemy who could not be helped even with Iruki and Nade’s pincer attack.
If it hadn’t been for Shiina’s sudden intrusion, the situation where all the students would be safe would not have been possible.
In any case, knowing his identity did not change the situation. It was important for her to leave as quickly as possible, as the life of an innocent girl was at stake.
“are you okay. We once fought and defeated the vice-captain of the parrot thieves.”
Jess swallowed her tears and bit her molars.
“thank you. How could you do this for someone like me?”
So far, the aristocrats Jis met didn’t even treat the gang in the back alley as human beings.
Maybe it was natural. Why would they, who monopolize the wealth and fame of the world, pay attention to people in the dark?
But these were different. He was trying to fight for himself, who had been thinking about getting ripped off with thin words.
“This grace… … How should I really pay it back?”
Embarrassed by Jess’ continued gratitude, Amy put her hand on her waist and sighed.
“Because it’s done. After all, you saved me. Rather, it is we who have been helped.”
“But such a dangerous thing… … .”
“There is no need to complicate things. I don’t even know anymore. Besides, since you’re asking like a man, I’m accepting.”
Jess looked at Amy with an absurd expression.
How could the word manly fit the situation? Shouldn’t it be the other way around?
“Sheesh, stop pitying me. What is manliness? What kind of man in the world would beg so servilely? My pride is all crumpled.”
“What are you talking about? You gave up on her pride to ask her to get her brother back.”
“Yeah, but… … .”
Amy smiled and lightly pushed Jess’ forehead.
“That’s what being a lead man is, you idiot.”
As Amy left those words behind and walked away, Jess was about to burst into tears. But he seemed to have to put up with it. It was because I thought that if I cried already, I would pour cold water on their resolve.
Lian patted Jiss shoulder and followed Amy.
“don’t worry. You saved my friend, so I’ll be sure to save your sister too.”
Tess added.
“Instead, you should give them a proper tour when they come back. I will pay for your hard work.”
Sirone turned to Jiss in front of the door and said.
“Trust us. I will definitely bring her sister safely.”
In the end, Jess couldn’t hold back her tears. He ran to the door, not minding his bandaged wound. Then, he shouted at the four members of Shiro who were walking away.
“be careful! You really have to be careful! If you don’t come back safely, I won’t forgive you!”
Sirone and the others did not look back. However, their gradually accelerating footsteps were a surer answer than a hundred words.
* * *
Sirone and the others borrowed four horses from the western commercial district. It was Tess’s opinion that if they were chasing in a wagon with poor mobility, they would not be able to keep it in time.
Although he boasted to Jess, the actual situation was going against him.
Above all, the identity of the Freeman organization, which I learned belatedly, made my heart heavy.
The vice-captain of the parrot thieves, Lucas, was a Class B criminal.
The number of criminals is not only a measure of the seriousness of the crime, but also a measure of force.
Even if you’re a serial killer who has disturbed the city, if you’re not strong enough, you won’t be locked up in Inferno, the western prison.
Sirone had a hunch that she was involved in something quite serious.
Something was definitely wrong. After the Arcane incident, I heard that the leader of the parrot thieves is a Class A criminal and is currently wanted.
Then, who is the Freeman of the Freeman organization they have to fight now?
“Amy, is it really the parrot bandits? Don’t you feel a little strange?”
“I thought the same thing. How did a wanted gang manage to establish a base in a tourist destination? The arcane gun must have strengthened the pursuit of the parrot bandits.”
Tess, who was riding to Amy’s right, interrupted their conversation.
“It’s not the parrot bandits.”
“huh? Do you know something?”
“The parrot thieves are probably the name that changed when they moved to the kingdom of Tormia. Their original name is the Parrot Mercenary Corps.”
“Mercenaries? Were you a mercenary? Then what about Lucas?”
“I don’t know. But I know how they became bandits.”
“Why?”
Sirone asked right away. But Tess was afraid to tell him.
In terms of content, it was a common story. However, in this situation where they had to fight fiercely in the future, I thought that information about them could break Sirone’s fighting spirit.
“Tess, tell me if you know anything.”
When even Amy couldn’t hold back her curiosity and asked for it, Tess couldn’t help but start explaining.
“There is an incident that was quite an issue on the continent in relation to the parrot mercenaries. Do you guys know about the flower vase incident that happened in Iron Kingdom 7 years ago?”
“what? I know. I heard about it at school.”
What Sirone knew was this. At the meeting of nobles in the Kingdom of Iron, Valtes, a noble of the Senate, announced that he would give his prized vase to anyone who proves to be more courageous than himself.
Then House Noble Moose challenged. The method he practiced was to throw the vase he had hung as a reward against the wall.
On the surface, it looked like an affair between drunken nobles, but a closer look revealed the political conflict that had been festering for a long time.
“Iron’s aristocratic system is bicameral. The Senate conveys the king’s will and the House represents the common people. Thanks to that, Iron has become a rich country, but the conflict between nobles is at a serious level.”
Involving commoners in politics weakens the authority of the nobility. However, as the number of commoners with subjectivity increased, the nation’s wealth was bound to grow.
“The power of the Senate comes from power, and the power of the House comes from taxes. After all, the fight between the two factions was already predicted. When Moose, a nobleman of the House, was arrogant, Balthes’ stomach boiled. At that time, it was passed over, but the sediment would still remain.”
“But what does that have to do with the parrot thieves, no, the parrot mercenaries?”
“Three months after the vase incident, a civil war broke out in Moose’s estate. An unknown army invaded. From here on, I heard it through intelligence, but the person who caused the civil war was Balthes. He hired mercenaries, not private soldiers, to hit the moose.”
“Then, no way, the mercenary that belonged there… … ?”
“that’s right. They are the parrot mercenaries. Of course, numerous mercenaries participated in the war, but the parrot mercenaries broke through Moose’s defensive wall with overwhelming force. However, just as we were about to break through the resistance, Baltes’ soldiers suddenly came from the rear and attacked the mercenary group by surprise.”
Sirone could guess the situation at the time.
Hire mercenaries to attack the enemy, then use private soldiers to attack the mercenaries. In that way, victory and innocence could be obtained at the same time.
“Baltes had no intention of punishing Moose from the beginning. Because the power of the House of Representatives, which is supported by the common people, is stronger than expected. I just wanted to give it a hard time. After all, the mercenaries were discarded from the beginning. Let them raid the territory and punish them again, a perfect strategy.”
“But if it ends like that, the House nobles won’t be quiet either?”
“Of course, but it can’t be revealed on the surface. After all, the Senate are nobles who are protected by the king. Perhaps there was an agreement. The reason Moose doesn’t bring up the story even now, seven years later, is probably because he was compensated to some extent by Baltes.”
After hearing that, Lian furrowed her brow in displeasure.
“Are the mercenaries the only ones abandoned after all? I can’t understand the thoughts of politicians at all. It’s against chivalry.”
“It is natural to think so. But I’ve come across many more spies in my family than this. The world doesn’t just go the way we think.”
Everyone was silent at Tess’ words. They must one day advance to a place where the great power of the world operates. The Hwabyung Incident was not his business, but it was not someone else’s business either.
“Whatever it was, it was abandoned. The mercenaries who attacked Moose’s territory were all executed under the pretext of treason, and the parrot mercenary group was naturally disbanded.”
said Amy.
“But they survived in the end. That’s why he must have defected to the kingdom of Tormia.”
“that’s right. The mercenaries have been disbanded, but a few skilled personnel have escaped the battlefield. It’s an inference from here on out, but wouldn’t it be difficult for them to maintain the mercenary corps after being accused of traitors? That’s why they fell into bandits and eventually came to the island when they were accused of being criminals.”
Tess’ reasoning was reasonable, but Sirone was somewhat uneasy.
Above all, they needed their own capital, power, and a very outstanding leader to be able to maintain the name of parrots fleeing for treason.
“Couldn’t it just be the same name? In fact, there are many guilds in the world, and the name parrot is not unfamiliar.”
Tess hesitated to answer. The situation she feared came to pass.
“Sirone, isn’t there the woman you talked about last time?”
“huh? Sister Marsha?”
After rescuing Amy from the palace, while having a late-night snack, Sirone briefly talked about Marsha.
Of course, it wasn’t a detailed anecdote.
More than anything else, I thought I would take the story of how I almost suffered from my adoptive father to the grave.
“When I heard Jiss, I thought it was speculation. But there’s a reason it can’t. I remembered the name of the leader who led the parrot mercenary at the time.”
“The captain’s name? Aren’t you Freeman?”
“Clay Marsha. That’s the leader’s name.”
When Tess finally confessed, Sirone’s expression went blank. Marsha, who was as friendly as her older sister, and Marsha, the leader of the mercenary corps, were not properly combined in her mind.
“At first I thought they were the same person. But he was just in case because of the story that he was raised by a mercenary. Then, after listening to Jiss, I was convinced. Those who rule this island are the remnants of the A-class mercenary group that was betrayed in the Iron Kingdom 7 years ago.”
“It can’t be. How does Marsha noona… … ? I explained it then. I’m not one to do bad things like this.”
“Really?”
Tess glared at Sirone with intense eyes. Her usual her was different from her. He was the eye of a spy who could see through people’s minds.
“You really think so? Marsha you think.”
Sirone bit his lip. I knew the truth. No matter how much he tried to trust her, his insight already doubted everything.
“Sorry. You’re right. For sure… … I think so.”
If you look at it one by one, everything fits together. I could understand her reaction when she talked about the collusion between nobles and criminals.
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 146 - Named Parrot(4) 1.txt
===============================
[146] The name parrot (4)
Tess was rather uneasy about Sirone’s rapid change of position. It was enough to know how rationally he looked at the world just from what he had experienced.
Sirone was not a person who adjusted the situation according to his mood. But it wasn’t even cold-blooded.
He only knew how to control his emotions, but there must have been numerous conflicts in his mind.
Tess saw that Sirone’s current condition could adversely affect the battle.
“Sirone, you don’t have to worry. We’re not going to fight, we’re going to rescue Jis’ sister. If you check what kind of person Marsha is, she is enough.”
Sirone smiled. I knew what Tess was worried about, but that made me more determined.
If the girl he had seen with his own eyes was truly evil, he would forget his feelings and defeat him with all his might.
“don’t worry. I don’t make mistakes.”
Sirone kicked the horse’s flanks and quickly cut through the night air.
Force Breakthrough (1)
There is no road from the west to the northern hideout. This is because there is an indigenous autonomous zone in the center.
Those who kidnapped Yuna took a long detour around Mt. Toa and headed for their hideout. When we arrived at our destination, it was already dawn.
In a shabby building like a warehouse, Falcoa was sitting on a chair. The shells of chewed loops were strewn beneath his feet as he sat there blankly with half-closed pupils.
The men who opened the warehouse door bowed to Falcoa and threw the bag containing Yuna to the floor.
There was a clicking sound, but no screams came out. However, a severe tremor could be felt inside the turret.
Just the width of the seizure-like vibrations showed how terrified she was.
As Falcoa chinned, his subordinate drew a knife and tore through the sack. As if opening a cocoon, Yuna appeared, soaked in tears and sweat.
Yuna, who looked around in fear, saw despair in her eyes. I don’t know where she is, but time is telling that she’s been running all night.
In front of my eyes, a man who seemed to be abnormal was looking down at me with closed pupils, and at the entrance, scary-looking men were blocking the escape.
“Sah, save me.”
“You guys go out.”
The subordinates, who knew from experience what would happen if they disobeyed their captain, opened the door and disappeared as soon as Falcoa instructed them.
Left alone with Yuna, Falcoa came closer, wriggling around the loop.
“It’s much better than I expected. Do you know why you are here?”
“Mo, I don’t know. Please send me home.”
“Sorry, but no. I intend to make you the most miserable human being in the world. Because your brother sold you.”
Yuna froze as if in shock. But in her heart she still believed in Jess. What brother in the world would have sold her little sister to someone like this?
“It can’t be! Oppa is the person I care about the most!”
“Is that so? But why are you here now? I gave Jis something amazing and received you.”
Falcoa didn’t think his words were false. After all, since he saved his life, wouldn’t he have handed over billions of dollars?
In addition, as a bonus, it was not an exaggeration to say that he was Jis’s benefactor, as he guaranteed time to miss Amy.
“It can’t be! There is no way my brother would have sold me!”
Yuna shouted as she grabbed her chest to overcome her fear. It was a bigger shock that her brother had sold him than the fact that she had been dragged somewhere.
“Send it to my brother! I will meet you and ask you in person!”
“Hey, little girl. I can’t seem to understand the situation now. you can’t go home can’t go back forever There are two options. Either die to me or kill yourself.”
“no! It can’t be! Kyaaak!”
Falcoa came by surprise and grabbed Yuna’s wrist. Pulled by her irresistible brute force, Yuna was forced to her feet and into the arms of her falcoa.
“Go away, you bastard!”
For a moment, Falcoa, who savored the delicate girl’s resistance, bent Yuna’s arm and turned her back. Then she threatened, clutching both of her cheeks in her hands.
“Don’t strain yourself too much in the beginning. There will be more and more things to scream about in the future.”
At that moment, the door to the warehouse opened and someone came in. A cold voice echoed in the warehouse.
“Falcoa. Human trafficking is against the rules.”
“Freeman.”
Falcoa frowned in displeasure. Agado Freeman, the only man in the Parrot Mercenary Corps with a higher rank than himself, was watching the situation in the warehouse with sunken eyes.
Standing over 190 cm tall and wearing a long white coat, his impression was pallor itself. His eyebrows had been shaved off, and none remained, and his lips were pale like those of a sick man.
As the person who served as the vice-captain of the Parrot Thieves, the predecessor of the Freeman organization, he is a schema master and uses magic bullets. However, it was the orthodoxy within the organization that his simple physical ability alone overpowered Lucas.
“What happened all of a sudden? So far, I haven’t seen any nosebleeds. Did you run out of money?”
said Falcoa in displeasure. From the days of the Parrot Mercenary Corps, Freeman was the undisputed second-in-command, but Falcoa was the only one who was given a free role within the organization.
The conflict between the vice-captain and the action leader intensified after entering the island. It was because of Freeman’s greed to keep the rules of the old mercenaries even though he fell into a band of bandits.
A huge amount of money is needed to feed dozens of his men accused of being traitors. But Freeman couldn’t come up with a solution for that.
The person who led such an organization for five years was Falcoa. He drove out the island’s chieftains by force and maintained the organization with the funds he left by distributing loops.
It was for this reason that Freeman let Falcoa know about his misdeeds.
But this time it was severe. If you’re wearing a parrot’s name, there’s a line you shouldn’t cross.
Although Freeman was only a pantsuit commander, he adhered to the policy of strictly punishing human trafficking and looting through violence.
“You must know the rules of the organization? Human trafficking is an action that lowers the status of the mercenary parrots.”
“The parrot mercenary? Since when did we live only looking at the glories of the past? look at this now Do you think the organization would have survived if it wasn’t for the money I was making?”
“You’re crazy, Falcoa. I will praise you for your hard work for the organization, regardless of the method. But make sure you know I am the one who leads the organization.”
“It doesn’t matter. i don’t approve of you Wasn’t that what you meant to be from the beginning? If you come here and try to act like a boss, you can’t do it.”
A chilly feeling of death rose from Freeman, who watched Falcoa’s confident behavior. If it was a weak creature, it was such an intense energy that it would kill just being exposed.
However, Falcoa absorbed the turbid energy as if stabbing a knife into his body. It was painful, but he accepted it without a change in his expression.
“Cheuk, oh, it’s scary.”
Freeman was embarrassed. To such a warlike man, pain and anger were merely accelerators that aggravated the situation.
‘Has it become a wild dog to this extent?’
Even if it wasn’t for Loop, Falcoa was a character driven only by desire from the beginning. However, because his desire was focused on combat and murder, he was compatible with the mercenaries.
However, now that he was working as a bar owner on the island, he was in a state of frustration. Even chewing loops and getting drunk with alcohol and women was too much to soothe the instinct of madness.
“Sah, save me, please.”
As Yuna trembled and ej*culated, Freeman, who had been looking at her, turned his gaze back to Falcoa and said,
“Do I really have to go this far? Have you abandoned your parrot’s pride?”
“Pride? Hey, can I tell you one? The parrot mercenary is over. The leader has left and his subordinates are also at their limits. You too should give up and come over here.”
Falcoa buried her face in the nape of Yuna’s neck as if showing off. Still, Freeman did not move. It was because now Falcoa was showing signs of dying.
The moment you move, the battle will begin. When that happens, one of the two pillars that have been supporting the parrot will collapse in one way or another.
If it sticks properly, it is difficult for anyone to guess the outcome. But Falcoa was confident because he knew Freeman couldn’t control him.
“Why don’t you stop and watch? I’ll tell my subordinate, get some money. You’d better stop admitting it and learn to enjoy it.”
“Ooh, you’re very fat, you’re fat.”
As the door opened, a woman’s voice was heard. Falcoa hurriedly turned her head at the voice that pierced her mind. But before she could catch anything of her in his gaze, she was punched in the jaw and turned her face.
“Keugh!”
Then, a powerful kick hit Falcoa’s abdomen. As Falcoa stamped her ass on the floor, Yuna collapsed as well, her legs giving out.
“shit. There is no such thing as bad luck.”
Falcoa spat and stood up slowly. The reason he couldn’t dodge the two attacks with his animalistic reflexes was because he unconsciously suppressed the counterattack.
Clay Marsha. Standing there was the leader of the Parrot Mercenary Corps, which once reigned over hundreds of mercenaries.
“Are you the real leader?”
“Then is there a fake leader? The mutt bastard let go for a few years, and the taste has gone.”
Falcoa was not angry. No, he wasn’t angry, he wasn’t even hostile.
To a member of the mercenary corps, Marsha was such an existence.
As the first leader of the parrot mercenary, it took more than force to raise the mercenary to an A-rank within a few years.
And Marsha did it with great skill. In addition, she was the only person in the organization who was listed as a class A criminal, and her skills were also formidable.
However, Falcoa did not follow Marsha for such trivial reasons.
He was defining a woman named Marsha in this way.
fallen mother.
Marsha was kind and affectionate, but it was no exaggeration to say that there were very few normal people among the people she embraced.
Those who have been abandoned by their families, those who were born with no choice but to lust for blood, and those who are left out of society who have no way to reveal their existence except on the battlefield.
Falcoa was one of them.
When no one cured his mental illness and tried to push him out of society, Marsha was the only one who hugged him.
In the parrot thieves, Marsha was the older sister and mother, and the best leader they could trust and rely on in any situation.
However, it was true that even such a leader would have an outburst of anger. I haven’t been in touch for several years, and now I’m here and what kind of behavior is this?
“Damn it. Where did you come to be stuck? you’re not even the leader Meanwhile we… … .”
“You said you became a drug addict?”
Falcoa’s face hardened. Even the pupils that had been widened became clearer at least for this moment.
I must have heard it countless times in the past five years, but somehow it felt like I was hearing it for the first time.
drug addict. Is it really like that? Has he, who used to be called a demon on the battlefield, now become a drug addict?
Freeman came over and bowed to Marsha.
“It’s been a while, Captain. When did you come back?”
“When I heard the news that Lucas had been killed, I left right away. He’ll blow up the hideout anyway. I think I’ll have to clean this place up sooner or later.”
After explaining this to Freeman, Marcia approached Falcoa. As she approached, her pricked Falcoa averted her slinky gaze.
“Falcoa, you should have said that. No human trafficking.”
Falcoa’s brow wrinkled. Come to think of it, there was nothing to be ashamed of. All the fault lies with Marsha, who abandoned the organization and left.
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 147 - Forced Breakthrough(2) 1.txt
===============================
[147] Forced Breakthrough (2)
I know you are being pursued by the Magic Association. But how could I not give a message? If he hadn’t taught his subordinates the taste of money, the organization would have already collapsed.
Please enable JavaScript
“Stop talking nonsense! You wouldn’t be in a position to tell me what to do? We are neither a parrot mercenary nor a gang of bandits. They’re just gangsters stuck on the island!”
“so… … Are you going to act like an idiot until the end?”
“joy! I earned! I earned and maintained the organization! I can’t praise you, but you criticize me? Then where have you been and what have you been doing?”
“You don’t have to worry about that. If you’re not going to follow the rules I’ve laid down, drop the name Parrot right now.”
“Puhahaha! You call that blackmail? OK, I’ll throw it away! parrot? We are now the Freeman Organization! I haven’t been called a parrot since you ran away like that!”
“good. From this moment on, you are no longer a parrot. I don’t know how much I earned, but scrape it all and leave this place.”
“Danzaaaang!”
Falcoa let out a roar of rage. Even Marsha couldn’t come out like this. Her parrot, but with her own blood mixed in. The honor of being the strongest mercenary was not something that could be exchanged for money.
“If you can’t give up your parrot, follow me. I am not saying to live a good life. But if you want something, fight for it. Extorting the weak is unacceptable.”
Falcoa growled. She seemed to die of bitterness towards Marsha, who took advantage of her even though she knew she could not leave her parrot.
“I always have what I want. Neither do you. One day you will be mine too.”
Instead of getting angry, Marsha smiled softly as if comforting an ugly child.
“It’s new to hear after a long time. try your best anyway Because I’m the type of person who doesn’t block a man coming and doesn’t catch a man who leaves.”
Falcoa clenched his fists and glared at Marsha. It was as if her eyes were on fire.
In reality, he was using the powerful eye technique. But Marsha’s complexion didn’t even change. She was a testament to how strong her mentality was.
“Sheesh! It’s still unlucky. I’m quitting. I’m going to go out and have a drink.”
“Stay still and stick to the hideout. It’s because we’re going to gather at the level of the leader and have a meeting. And from this time on, drugs are prohibited. If you get caught doing it, you will really die from me.”
Falcoa left the warehouse without even answering. But Marsha knew. He will attend meetings and not even take drugs. The man who will take him to the bloody battlefield has returned.
When the subordinates disappeared, Freeman greeted Marcia again as a friend from his hometown, not as a vice-captain.
“I am glad you came back safely. I was worried because I couldn’t contact you.”
“I can’t contact you because you ran away. do you have no idea Do you think I’ll be easily caught? Anyway, what happened to Falcoa? Would you like to use that? Even though he was crazy, he flew around as long as he grabbed the knife.”
“I can’t blame Falcoa alone. We were the ones who took the battlefield from him.”
“Huh, no, it must be me.”
“Still, because of him, military funds have been raised up until now. I have prepared it so that you can leave for another country at any time when you return.”
Marsha puffed out her cheeks as if she didn’t like it. It was because she knew how Falcoa was raising money.
In the end, is human being a being who has no choice but to adapt to reality? The status of the Parrot Mercenary Corps, which ran amok without knowing how scary the world was, was now a thing of the past.
After leaving home at the age of 17, it was a mercenary troupe that he and his friend from hometown, Freeman, had so far.
I fell for the tricks of politicians and lost my lifelong foundation, but I wanted to keep the value of a parrot.
But now, isn’t there really nothing different from them? It was a situation where you had to pay attention to those who had it before fighting with faith, regardless of means and methods to earn money.
“Haa, since when did we become like this?”
“It’s nothing else, it’s a body that has been betrayed by the state. I have no choice but to live.”
“Yes, I guess. But, Freeman, I bet you’re not broken too, are you?”
Freeman kept his mouth shut. He has no conscience. However, he was saddened by the fact that he was suspected by a friend whom he had admired since childhood.
“I don’t care about organization or anything. Even the name parrot has no value. I just want you to be okay.”
Goosebumps Marsha trembled. If Freeman’s feelings were badged as a parrot, she would know a dog that eats c*ckroaches. There was nothing particularly touching, but he always appealed in this way, and I was so annoyed to death.
“You want me to be safe? Why?”
“you… … .”
When Marsha asked again in order to deflect her obvious knowledge, Freeman struggled to find the right words among the many words that popped into his head.
“Because he is our leader.”
Marsha snorted. Upon hearing her reply, it seemed that Freeman had nothing to worry about. It’s because he always had an annoying personality.
‘Anyway, since I’m back, I’ll have to reorganize.’
Marsha planned to lead the organization and make a fresh start by exile in a foreign country. In order to do that, it was in order to clean up the dung that his men had piled up.
“Huh! black!”
Marsha turned her head to the sound of sobbing. She couldn’t even think of Yuna running away and she was crying sadly.
The horror was averted, but Marsha could understand. She was emotional enough that the fact that she was treated carelessly by a man she didn’t even know her name hurt her heart. She was a woman.
“What happened? Where did you get this child from?”
“There is a street tout among the guys that Falcoa has. He said he was his younger brother.”
“Crazy. Are you going to get your hands on her subordinate’s sister now?”
“I don’t know. The faucet looks like money.”
“okay? Is there something I don’t know about?”
Freeman told his subordinates what he had heard. From the anecdotes between Jess and Amy to the circumstances surrounding Sirone’s invasion of the royal palace and bringing Yuna back.
Marsha, who had been listening with interest, lit up her eyes when Sirone’s story came out.
“Oh, now that I see it, I know that too, right?”
“You know? How do you know about this case?”
Marsha smiled and pursed her lips.
“After all, I am a genius. In the end, life is meant to be entangled this way.”
“What the hell is going on? tell me.”
“No, what… … It’s a minor happening. You don’t have to care.”
If Marsha didn’t tell me, Freeman had no intention of interrogating him either. It wasn’t yesterday or today that she went around here and there whenever she was bored. Also, that way was the only way she could survive in this world.
Marsha received numerous proposals from Freeman.
There was nothing particularly painful. The money that Falcoa earned was enough to make a fresh start in a foreign country, and Freeman’s troops were not too weak in combat.
“It’s okay. great job. But why not just sort out the property?”
“Does it take that much money from Falcoa?”
“a little… … right? It is the time for parrots to make another leap forward, and from the beginning, selling drugs and using the money they earned to build an organization.”
“It’s not like you. After all, money is money. I don’t like the way it’s earned either. But burying money for just that is what children do.”
“I know. Anyway, this agenda will be discussed at a later meeting, but first… … .”
At that moment, the door burst open and a member entered. Marsha and Freeman watched him with puzzled expressions.
This is a remote area where the government does not reach. So there was no need to run out of breath.
Marsha said with a smile.
“what’s the matter? Got an upset stomach? Is there no bathroom here?”
“uh? Captain? Are you back?”
The member who found Marsha couldn’t hide his surprise. However, the situation was urgent, so I posted the report without a chance to be happy.
“Captain! It’s a big deal! It’s a raid!”
“attack? what kind of attack? Are you from the government?”
“I don’t think so. They’re young, but they’re a group of four. According to reports, it seems to be two wizards and two swordsmen.”
Marsha knew who it was even after hearing that far. It was obviously strange to her that they were coming to rescue the brother of a street solicitor who had fought in the port, but she couldn’t deny one possibility, Marsha.
“Huh, well, if you’re a disgusting kid like that, it might be enough. Isn’t there a name named Sirone among the attacking children?”
“sorry. I also have a good name… … .”
Freeman changed his tone and spoke politely.
“Captain, why don’t you give the woman away instead? From the point of view of putting the organization in order, making a fuss seems to be a nuisance.”
Marsha analyzed the situation, thinking that a man with such a naivety would be rare.
“Hmm, give me the woman. Isn’t that a bit ridiculous? I mean kidnapping them and returning them when they come looking for them. Or what, are you saying she might come all the way here?”
“There is no such thing. While the captain was away, we thoroughly fortified this place. The tactical part using magic circles and magic weapons is also perfect. Unless you’re fairly strong, you’ll die before you even reach the first gateway.”
“Then it doesn’t matter? go kill I will be taking care of this girl. After letting them rest for a few years, they must have lost their senses? Are you completely stupid?”
As soon as Marsha spoke, Freeman immediately prepared to mobilize his men.
It was embarrassing in itself to show a disheveled appearance in front of the leader. It was especially unfair because I thought I had prepared well on my own.
“To a former troop training location. It is a real situation.”
“yes! I will deliver it now!”
Freeman’s men moved at once. It took less than 5 minutes to pack the weapons, organize the troops, and head to their respective positions.
Marsha then sat down on the chair with a satisfied smile.
“You worked really hard, though. I thought you were just playing and eating until now.”
“Because everyone has been waiting for today. I’m working harder because you came back.”
“Hey, how long do I have to feed you and burp you? Now is the time to figure it out. anyways what are you doing Aren’t you going to fight?”
“I stay here. It’s my job to stay by your side.”
Marsha looked up at Freeman with a puzzled look on her face. Of course, as an early member of the mercenary corps, he also served as a bodyguard. But every time that happened, Marsha had to wipe her arm from getting goosebumps.
“I can’t look at it because it’s really messy. Do you think I’ll think you’re cool?”
As if he had already made up his mind, Freeman did not think of leaving Marsha’s side.
Marsha’s face was red with anger. Ever since she was little, she hated this. She didn’t know how to express her feelings and she was stubborn, which irritated her more than once.
“hey! Don’t stand there stupidly, get out! Do you think you could be my West?”
Marsha lifted her leg from the chair and kicked Freeman in the butt.
Then, as if by inertia, Freeman took a step and moved his body. And he quietly left the warehouse until the very end.
When everyone left, Marsha stretched out with a light smile as if she had never done that before.
It was true that he was excited about the battle after a long time, but what he was more curious about was Sirone.
Sirone was the kind that Marsha hated the most. There is no one in the world who can truly embrace the pain of others.
His adoptive father also eventually revealed his true nature. Marsha awakened when she realized that the mercy she had given her orphan was in fact the expression of her ugly desire.
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 148 - Forced Breakthrough(3).txt
===============================
[148] Forced Breakthrough (3)
“Huh, I still wish I had come this far. Is that right, Yuna? I’m dying to know what that kid will look like when he sees me.”
Please enable JavaScript
“Help me. Please send me home.”
Yuna knelt down and begged Marsha. She could tell from the attitude of her subordinates that she was number one in her organization.
“It’s okay, don’t be afraid.”
“Then will you send me home?”
“of course. It’s noisy outside right now, so I’ll send it to you when it’s all sorted out. So, can I ask you for one favor?”
“yes? What do you want?”
Marsha approached Yuna and stroked her hair. Then, Yuna’s eyes gradually closed and she began to lose focus.
“uh? uh?”
Yuna didn’t even realize that her eyes were closed. She heard tinnitus in her eardrum and she unknowingly lost her consciousness.
Accepting Yuna, who was about to fall forward, Marsha looked down at her affectionately, then turned her head and smiled coldly.
“Huh, we’re going to start having fun from now on.”
* * *
Falcoa’s men were wild and violent. As if fear did not exist in the first place, he was swinging his sword while dealing with mediocre attacks with his body.
“Attack with a thunderbolt! charge!”
The main offensive strategy was guerrilla warfare. He was distributing his stamina by alternating air and water in a zigzag order, but it was a terrible level for Shiron and his party, who had never experienced war.
However, the essence of guerrilla warfare was retreat, not surprise. They seemed unwilling to engage in an all-out war.
“Release the thunderstorm! Retreat at once!”
“Where are you going to run away!”
Amy hurriedly fired a series of flame strikes. At that moment, the bodies of the enemies glowed and turned into flashes of light, soaring into the sky. A high-pitched voice that shook the air embroidered the sky.
“Aww, annoying! You missed it again.”
When Amy stamped her feet in pity, Lian comforted her by placing her shoulder on her shoulder.
“But the enemy is also an all-out war. Their number is increasing, so Yuna should be all right right now. That’s good for us.”
Sirone looked back at her friends and said.
“Let’s start by figuring out the situation. Who is injured?”
Injuries must be checked visually. If it was a town fight, you’d only need a nosebleed to notice, but in a fight for your life, you might not feel pain because so much endorphin is secreted to counter the adrenaline.
The four of them were relieved to realize that there was nothing wrong only after checking each other’s physical condition.
However, there was no damage to the enemies as well. Even if he did his best to drive him away, he was running away like a ghost at the decisive moment.
“I haven’t been able to knock down a single person so far. This could adversely affect future battles.”
Amy confessed what she had analyzed so far.
“I’ve been watching, maybe the bracelets they’re wearing have a secret. It must be a magical device that activates space movement.”
Sirone asked with a skeptical expression.
“Is that possible? It’s different from magic bullet. Space movement is magic that moves wizards. Without a spirit zone, you wouldn’t be able to set a destination, and it wouldn’t be possible to activate it.”
Amy was also suspicious about that. However, strictly speaking, it was not completely impossible.
“perhaps… … There is a possibility that it is linked with the magic circle.”
The magic circle is a scheme that imprints a special image in space and emits magic itself. Therefore, by borrowing the power of the magic circle, it was possible for non-magicians to use magic as well.
“Of course, you can’t cast space movement with magic weapons. However, if it is linked to the magic circle recorded at a specific location, it is theoretically possible.”
Understanding the concept of magic, Sirone nodded. But Tess was on the other side.
“Is this possible in the fallen mercenaries? As far as I know, the magic circle requires a lot of money as well as manpower. Besides, space movement is high-level magic, isn’t it?”
“that’s right. It’s probably an intermediate level magic circle. Even if you want to draw just one magic circle, you need at least 5 wizards all day. But with them, it’s possible. Falcoa has a monopoly on Loop. The mercenaries I met at the ruins were like that too. The loop’s margin is huge. After all, they fortified the base by selling drugs. If so, this whole situation can be explained.”
“How much money did those bastards get from selling drugs? Isn’t it a radius that can’t be reached with just one magic circle?”
There was some truth in Tess’s words. Based on her question, Sirone reviewed the battles so far.
The first enemy fled from the valley where the first battle was fought. There was also a retreat in the forest, and here we cast space movement again.
“I think if you count the distance we have to travel, there must be at least hundreds of magic circles drawn.”
“How many, hundreds?”
Tess’s mouth fell open in a daze. An intermediate magic circle that requires 5 wizards to cling to it all day long. If there were hundreds of them, how many gold coins were scattered on this land?
“You couldn’t have spent that much money? Just looking at the distance, dozens are enough. If there are really hundreds of magic circles, you can’t catch them under any circumstances.”
At that moment, Tess realized what she was saying and slammed her palm down.
“ah! I see!”
“that’s right. Do you understand now? As you said, it was made so that they could not be caught under any circumstances. Networked the entire northern forest. Fighting like this will exhaust us first, as we are outnumbered. You won’t even get to the top and you’ll collapse.”
The hostility towards those who strengthened the base by selling drugs intensified. But now was the time to come up with a cool solution rather than emotionally.
“Then what now? How about erasing the magic circle? No matter where you fight, if the enemies run away, it’s not something that can be done by rushing into it.”
Amy shook her head. Tess’ opinion made common sense, but another problem remained.
“It is difficult. A magic circle is a record engraved in space. So, to get rid of it, you don’t just erase the picture, you have to devastate the space. Doing hundreds of them that way could take days.”
Tess finally understood the situation and bit her lip. When a minority is dealing with a group, it is important to somehow reduce the number. But they were blocking that method in advance.
Sirone unexpectedly raised his hand to Tess’ opinion.
“No, it might be worth a try. Let’s erase at least one.”
“Let’s do it? It wouldn’t change anything if I erased one of the hundreds.”
“Our position is the same, but they may think differently. If you put so much effort into building a network, wouldn’t it be a waste to lose even one magic circle? Maybe they’ll come in to defend the spot.”
“ah-ha, I see! Advanced psychological warfare!”
Tess quickly recognized Sirone’s plan. It is often said that war is a power game played with money, but the side with superior funds was not always the winner. This is because human psychology works in a complex way in war.
The more things to protect, the weaker the psychology. For example, even if you raise one elite soldier with a ton of money of 100 gold, if you can’t use it, it’s a joke.
This kind of situation actually happens in war.
Even though they poured money to start a war, the money was rather wasted, so there were many cases in which the castle was captured by cheap soldiers after failing to send elite soldiers.
Amy analyzed Sirone’s strategy. He was saying that if he couldn’t chase his enemies, he would rather pull them. It was true that this was the most feasible strategy to come up with in this situation. But that didn’t solve the original problem.
“This time, we have to look at efficiency. Actually, I didn’t say it because I thought destroying the magic circle wasn’t an option, but neutralizing the effect of the magic circle is much more difficult than you guys think.”
Lian grabbed the straight sword and drove it into the ground with all his might.
“Wouldn’t it be fine if I plowed the ground with my sword? Until the magic circle completely disappears.”
“It’s not even close to that. The magic circle we see with our eyes is nothing more than a sign that embodies a concept.”
Sirone understood what Amy was trying to say and gave a clear definition.
“You mean the concept of a magic circle won’t disappear unless the space itself is destroyed enough to be erased?”
“That’s right. So, there are two main ways to destroy the magic circle. Either neutralize the concept itself with clear magic, or destroy the magic circle until the concept disintegrates. The former is impossible for us and the latter takes time.”
Tess realized why Amy was questioning this method.
“It is like this after all. Are you saying that the labor required to destroy a single magic circle is less efficient than recklessly advancing?”
“that’s right. If you don’t destroy it in at least 10 minutes, I think it’s better to just go to your destination in this state. Of course, the basic intention itself of using the psychology of the enemy is a good idea.”
As soon as all the information necessary for the operation was shared, the number of words decreased. In this case, it was better to follow one opinion. Rian looked back at Sirone and asked her thoughts.
“What do you want to do, Sirone?”
Sirone was also bound to be in conflict. As long as the hostage is being held, it is good to go as soon as possible, but there is room for failure in the rescue mission itself if you are too greedy for it.
“Let’s destroy the magic circle. I’ll try.”
When Sirone, who had finally made up her mind, spoke out her thoughts, Amy looked back at him in surprise.
Sirone, whose strong point is insight, is not a person who is bound by odds, but he doesn’t disregard odds at all. She had a less than 10 percent chance of destroying her magic circle within 10 minutes, she thought.
“Are you really okay? Isn’t there any magic that can be done in time?”
Of all the magic Sirone could use, the most powerful was definitely the Photon Cannon. However, it was difficult to bear the weight of the earth to the extent of putting mass in light.
Of course, if it was fired at high speed, it would be possible to destroy one of them in 10 minutes. However, it was clear that the exhausted mental strength would make future battles unfavorable.
Another possibility would be lasers, but Amy was skeptical about that too.
Magic that causes molecular vibration by concentrating energy locally has the advantage of destroying matter regardless of durability, but the range itself is bound to be limited.
“I’ll try. I have an idea.”
Amy couldn’t imagine how she would destroy the magic circle, but it was better to follow Sirone’s words for now. This is because Sirone’s insights, which intuitively calculate various variables, are rarely wrong.
If I wanted to draw a more accurate conclusion, there would be someone like Iruki, but since he wasn’t here anyway, if Shirone’s predictions went wrong, it had to be regarded as force majeure.
Concluding her thoughts like that, Amy nodded and said.
“good. Then me and Tess move in a group, and Sirone and Lian move in a group. 50 meters apart from each other. Let’s search the surroundings with teleportation. I’m looking for a magic circle.”
“okay. But be careful. If you only care about spacing, you can run into other cover. Teleporting in the forest is dangerous.”
Even Sirone, a teleportation specialist, needed a high level of concentration to cross the forest. However, Amy spoke bluntly as if she was displeased with Sirone’s old woman.
“Who are you worried about now? Surely you don’t think of me the same as the supernatural or something?”
It was said to lessen Sirone’s worries, but it wasn’t exactly wrong. She was also Amy. She was also a senior who had mastered the bridge that could not be crossed, and she even had a red face, so it had to be seen that accidental collisions were rare.
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 149 - Forced Breakthrough(4) 3.txt
===============================
[149] Forced Breakthrough (4)
When the operation was about to begin in earnest, Tess, who had been lost in thought for a while, suddenly spoke up.
Please enable JavaScript
“wait for a sec. There is one thing to check before we depart.”
“huh? Are you sure?”
“Perhaps, if this operation succeeds, there is a high possibility of an all-out war with the enemy. So there is something I want to confirm with Lian.”
“What? Is there something wrong with me?”
Ryan made a puzzled expression. Then Tess asked, looking back at him with a serious look like never before.
“Rian, have you ever killed a person?”
The son-in-law became as quiet as a mouse. Rian was only blinking her eyes as she wore the sword.
To be honest, I had never thought of it like that. No, do I really have to think about it?
Every knight has a vague promise. A sword is a tool for cutting people. I thought that if I was prepared to wield such a tool for the rest of my life, there was no need to worry about other secondary problems.
“No, I don’t have one. you?”
“A few times. When I went to subdue bandits with my father.”
“okay? But what’s wrong with that?”
“Rian, the determination to die and the determination to kill are completely different. The same goes for wizards, but especially we have to cut people with our own hands.”
The enemies Sirone and the others were dealing with weren’t the local gangsters. A parrot mercenary group that made a name for itself in other countries. All of them were professionals who had experienced countless wars.
“Of course I believe in your courage. It doesn’t make sense that a swordsman never gets blood on his sword for the rest of his life. But if today is your first time, you might be shaken during the battle.”
Ryan sighed and thought.
shaking during battle Of course, cutting people doesn’t feel particularly good. But at the same time, I thought it didn’t matter.
“Tess, murder is a dangerous and complicated matter. So I understand your concern. But I will never waver.”
“You fool, you’re saying it’s not that easy. Killing people… … !”
“I always kill.”
Tess’ eyes twinkled. Rian continued her words as she looked at her own reflection in her direct view.
“and… … I have seen death countless times.”
At that moment, Lian looked back at Tess with intense eyes.
“Even when they told me to give up the sword because I had no talent, even when I really wanted to give up, I swung the sword. In the process, I killed countless enemies and was killed by countless enemies.”
Lian’s straight sword extended toward the north. If Rian was a statue, he would have fallen forward under the weight of his sword, but he did not budge, as if rooted to his legs.
“Tess, okay? I’ve never held a sword with clumsy determination in my entire life. Regardless of whether there was an enemy in front of me or not, I always swung my sword desperately.”
Everyone could read the determination in Lian’s words. Lian smiled as if she had never done that before and stuck her straight sword behind her back.
“Never waver. I am Sirone’s sword. She only cuts down to achieve what Sirone wants. So no need to worry.”
That was the reason why Tess chose Lian over many people with sword skills.
Rihanna is insensitive. That’s why he can’t even open the schema. However, the human determination that comes from the weight of life itself was not something that could be achieved with talent or skill.
Tess, who had been looking at Lian for a while, looked back at everyone with a satisfied smile.
“good! Now my worries are gone Then let’s begin.”
Tess’ words set Sirone and Amy on fire as well. Lian’s words aroused fighting spirit.
“Then Amy, we’ll go first.”
Sirone grabbed Lian and cast photonization magic. In a flash of light, the two disappeared into the woods, followed immediately by Amy and Tess.
The sight of two flashes passing through the dense forest was the height of splendor. As if it were reflected in a mirror, it went through the forest with irregular movements, going back and forth between sharp and obtuse angles.
I didn’t know the location of the magic circle, but when I calculated the enemy’s movement, I got an approximate distance.
After wandering around the forest for about 10 minutes, I found the location of the first magic circle.
The magic circle is also a magical body, so if you come within the radius of the spirit zone, you can clearly feel its presence.
Of course, if the Stealth enchantment is enchanted, the difficulty of the search will be extremely high. However, no matter how much money the mercenaries had, it was impossible to maintain them there.
Even if all the wizards mobilized for the intermediate magic circle were combined, it was less than 1/10 of the cost of hiring a stealth wizard, so in the end, it was impossible to do business with a belly button bigger than the stomach.
As Lian cut a path straight through the dense undergrowth, he saw a magic circle drawn on the grassy clearing.
Seeing the magic circle for the first time in real life, Sirone was surprised at how much bigger it was than she had imagined in her head.
Amy looked around and nodded.
“As expected, it is an intermediate level magic circle. I must have had a really hard time making it.”
A magic circle with a radius of more than 5 meters was emitting red light as if reacting to the Spirit Zone.
The circles of various sizes spread like ripples inside were engraved with beautiful schematics that could be considered works of art.
“wait. I’ll take a look.”
Having gained some knowledge in her senior year, Amy looked closely at the magic circle.
The evaluation items of the magic circle could be divided into three major categories.
The first is the color that represents the strength of mana. The second was the degree of integration of functions, and the third was the connectivity of the magic circles drawn inside.
From Amy’s point of view, the color and density of the magic circles here are a bit low, but the connectivity itself is excellent. In other words, it was highly likely that he borrowed the power of an authorized organization.
“Whoa, this is a headache. It looks like it was engraved by an officially registered magic company. Since it was illegally earned money, I thought he must have recruited a wizard from the shadows.”
“Is that an important issue?
“The characteristic of a formal company is that it has good connectivity because it is designed according to the standard. In other words, the durability of the magic circle is high. Can you really do it in 10 minutes?”
“I guess I should try. The truth is, I don’t know if I’ll be able to succeed.”
“What? What if I come and say something like that? It was a plan that I executed because you had an idea.”
“sorry. But I have some certainty. And if successful… … .”
“What if it succeeds?”
Sirone raised her head for a moment and calculated in her head before revealing a rough figure.
“Maybe we can destroy it in one minute instead of ten.”
“what? 1 min?”
Amy’s eyes widened. She was none other than an intermediate level magic circle. It was next to impossible for her to neutralize her magic circle in one minute unless she was a professional dismantling squad.
The strength of the magic circle that is mobilized and engraved by an official company is durability. Therefore, there was a possibility that the concept would not disappear even if the ground was pulverized to the size of pebbles by casting powerful physical magic.
When Amy thought, she had to plow the ground at least to the size of a pea, but she knew that there was no magic that could exert that much power on Sirone.
“What are you planning to do? Are you sure you know Breaking it in moderation doesn’t work. No, if that happens, the magic circle will disintegrate and it could be even more difficult.”
“I see. I’ll try it.”
Amy became increasingly anxious. When she heard the answer, it was clear that she hadn’t even thought of it that far.
Can you do it? If I failed here, I would have wasted my time unnecessarily.
Sirone took her place in the center of the magic circle. Considering her power, she tilted her head at the unexpected appearance of Amy, who knew how to launch a vertical attack from the sky.
“What are you going to do there? You mean you can create an impact in place?”
“huh. But since it’s the first time, it can be dangerous. Stay out of range.”
Following Sirone’s words, the three of them stepped back.
I was anxious, but the anticipation was just as good. This is because, if successful, the unfavorable situation can be reversed in an instant.
As the magic circle was destroyed, the enemy’s activity radius would gradually narrow.
In that case, it was possible to end the battle quickly because the side with two wizards was far ahead in terms of firepower.
Sirone closed his eyes and took a deep breath. With his legs apart, he slowly bent his back and pressed his fist into the ground.
There were no immediately noticeable changes. It was such a peaceful atmosphere that I wondered if it was okay to be so languid on a fierce battlefield.
But Amy was different.
At first, she watched Sirone with skepticism, but her eyes were filled with shock and her shoulders trembled before she knew it.
“Sirone you… … .”
Tess looked back at Amy strangely. She obviously couldn’t see anything in her own eyes, but her Amy’s face was pale as if she had seen a monster.
“Amy, why is that? What is Sirone doing now?”
“I don’t think you could use that… … . No, come to think of it, there was such a thing.”
“What the hell is it? I’m curious, so please explain.”
“I’d rather get away from you for now. Because that could be really dangerous.”
As Amy stepped back, Lian and Tess followed her from place to place.
Even in the midst of that, the prosecutors felt puzzled. Because Amy’s retreat was twice as far as hers a moment ago.
“Now explain. What the hell are you seeing?”
“It’s not what you see, it’s what you feel. The changes that happen to Sirone.”
“You feel it? What do you feel?”
“Spirit Zone. Sirone’s Spirit Zone is moving at an incredible speed right now.”
Amy couldn’t believe what she was saying. How strong must the durability be so that the Spirit Zone can repeat expansion and contraction so quickly?
‘It’s definitely a mental beat. But it’s too fast. At this level, no matter how bad it is, it’s at the level of Teacher Etella.’
Currently, Amy feels that Sirone’s heartbeat is exceeding 10 times per second.
But Sirone couldn’t be satisfied with even this.
The score obtained in the mental pulse test of Class Five is 410 points. I once ran 30 seconds at 13.6 times per second.
Then I figured it should be at least twice as fast as this. because the radius is different.
At that time, if the maximum expansion radius was 20 meters in diameter, now the diameter of the magic circle was 5 meters. The shorter the round-trip distance, the faster the heart rate was normal.
The question was whether the mental strength could withstand it.
‘I have no choice but to do it. Let’s make more precise adjustments.’
As Sirone frowned slightly between her brows, Amy, who immediately sensed the change, spoke in a trembling voice.
“oh my god. It’s getting faster and faster.”
As the radius narrowed, the number of mental beats began to exceed 15 per second.
Knowing that counting from 1 to 15 in one second was impossible, you could guess how fast it was.
A normal wizard would have collapsed before he even reached this point.
However, Sirone’s durability using diamond steel was currently unmatched.
Finally, the maximum expansion radius of the Spirit Zone coincided with the border of the magic circle. The remaining process was to cast magic while maintaining the current rhythm.
A high level of concentration was required to endure the double whammy of mind beating and magic casting. Shirone gritted his teeth and tried the magic of conversion that he had only conceived in his head.
‘Broad!’
When the pulsating spirit zone was filled with mass-bearing photons, a surprising phenomenon occurred.
As the color of light was applied to the Spirit Zone, I was able to see with my own eyes how the spirits of Lian and Tess also moved.
Kwa-kwa-kwa-kwa-kwa-kwa!
As the sphere of light repeatedly expanded and contracted, the ground gradually cracked. Eventually, it splintered into a huge boulder and then shattered into thousands of chunks again.
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 150 - Forced Breakthrough(5) 1.txt
===============================
[150] Forced Breakthrough (5)
Sirone’s berserk did not stop there. Photons of physical force continued to pound thousands of stone blocks, crushing them until they became cobblestones the size of millet.
“Great!”
Sirone was gradually sinking into the ground along the point where the ground collapsed.
Compared to the time of the test, the diameter of the zone was shortened by 4 times, and the speed soared remarkably. Even Sirone, who was indestructible to diamonds, felt a sense of crisis.
After 20 seconds, the casting of the berserk stopped. When Sirone searched through the spirit zone, she could no longer feel the magical power of the magic circle.
“Whoa, Amy, is this enough?”
No one answered. All three people watching Sirone were mesmerized with the same expression.
Amy burst out laughing as if it was ridiculous.
“haha. Please use common sense magic, Sirone.”
“what? I’ve been thinking about it pretty hard. Anyway, the magic circle was destroyed, right?”
“huh? uh. Perhaps.”
Amy went into the Spirit Zone to check her surroundings, but there was no need to do that.
The area around the magic circle was devastated even if you could only see it with your own eyes, not synesthesia.
Amy approached where Sirone was standing. After examining the hemisphere-shaped terrain, she realized the characteristics of Sirone’s new magic.
‘It’s the amplification of photons using mental pulses. It must have been a magic that he came up with during training. Anyway, isn’t this really ridiculous destructive power?’
Although it has the disadvantage of a narrow range, it was not included in the axis of the disadvantage in front of the destructive power that pulverizes the ground into powder.
It was a magic that perfectly matched the three beats of the mind that unfolded at the level of Geumgang Bulgogi, God’s particles using immortal functions, and flash magic Shining.
“By the way, what the hell did you think of this?”
“huh? No, actually, I didn’t know how to use it in a situation like this. My organs are all-around defense type. So I thought I should learn a defense magic. Then, I came up with a mental pulse, and I grafted God Particles on it.”
“Oh, so? So this is defensive magic, right?”
“Uh, defensive magic.”
Amy tried to give Sirone a blow, but held back. It was no exaggeration to say that it was the most destructive of her defense magics she knew.
In a word, it is a magic that causes a counter-elasticity by bouncing off the light curtain containing mass at a tremendous speed.
The power of a single shot would be inferior to that of the Photon Cannon, but if it was pulverized at a speed of 20 times per second, there would be nothing left around.
Anyway, strictly speaking, defense magic is correct.
Multi-attack magic is classified as shotgun, but since the width far exceeds the number and exerts the same effect as a veil, it was highly likely to be listed as a defensive magic in the association.
“Sirone, are you okay? Are you hurt anywhere?”
Tess ran over and asked anxiously. Her berserk was the most nefarious and ruthless magic she had ever seen.
Please enable JavaScript
Since it was Sirone who was caught in the middle, he thought it was a miracle that he was standing still.
“I’m fine. It’s not as dangerous magic as you think.”
“Isn’t that dangerous magic? I thought you would break too.”
“haha! It’s really okay. Magic that hurts wizards cannot be called defensive magic.”
As Sirone said, the width of the blade was created to protect the magician, so the destructive power was only an additional factor.
If normal defense magic generates durability with the thickness of the barrier, the light width uniquely creates counter-elasticity with the momentum that travels back and forth between the minimum and maximum radius.
Therefore, if you set the minimum radius only outside the wizard, you will not be swept away in any case, as if standing in the eye of a hurricane.
“Anyway, let’s get serious. Now that you know the rhythm, you should be able to cast it faster. There is no problem breaking the magic circle in 30 seconds.”
Amy, who came to her senses belatedly, immediately changed her strategy.
“Yes, with this magic, I can break the magic circle as much as I want. Let’s destroy the magic circle first while avoiding battle as much as possible. You’re provoking the enemy. And when they can’t stand it, it’s a strategy to counterattack all at once. how is it?”
There was no room for disagreement.
Sirone and the others formed a group of men and women and cast teleportation. The two flashes flew across the forest in search of a magic circle that would become their second prey.
* * *
“Broad.”
An explosion of light occurred around Sirone. As the photon curtain hit the ground, the magic circle was destroyed without leaving a trace.
Sirone and the others were already destroying the 7th magic circle.
In the meantime, the number of enemies decreased by 7 during the battle, but like a veteran, it did not easily come over to Sirone’s party’s strategy.
Every time the expensive magic circle was destroyed, he kept his stance of maintaining the situation while grinding his teeth.
However, when the number of destroyed magic circles exceeded 15, the position of the enemies finally changed.
If left as it is, there was anxiety that all the magic circles on the mountain would be destroyed.
“shit! How long will they be like that?”
“It’s kind of dangerous. There is a limit of 3 magic circles that can be used at a certain point. If this is the case, sooner or later the range of activities will be sharply narrowed.”
“captain! What should I do? It looks like they’re determined to ruin our livelihood.”
The captain of the 10th group was equally upset.
The money the Freeman organization poured into fortifying the northern woods amounted to half of their five-year fortune.
If you leave it as it is, even if you win, it’s the same as losing.
“Call everyone together. Lock it up and catch it.”
A messenger rode in a magic circle and conveyed his intentions to the leaders of each region. As if the other leaders were thinking the same thing, the answer came right away.
Even Sirone and the others could immediately sense that the atmosphere of the battle was changing rapidly. The movements of the enemies, even their eyes, were different from before.
The biggest change was that instead of harassing strategies with guerrilla tactics, the focus was on coalition tactics in which dozens of people were surrounded at the same time.
However, the goal of that gigantic encirclement was not to destroy Sirone and the others, but to lure them somewhere.
Although they had a numerical advantage, they were not foolish enough to wage an all-out war against a party that included two mages.
Tess admired the enemy’s tactical transformation. He was certainly not the kind of person who had been in this situation once or twice.
“This is a problem as it is. They’re locking us up and dragging us somewhere. There must be a trap waiting to get rid of the wizard.”
Sirone didn’t care. If the enemy came crashing into it with all their might, it was a fight against time from now on. I had to arrive as soon as possible and rescue Yuna.
“are you okay. Let’s break it there. For now, you’d better stock up on your strength.”
“But if it’s a trap, it’s dangerous, right?”
“I’ll break through somehow. Leave it to me.”
Sirone increased her running speed and took the lead. He could have reversed the scheme enough, but Tess couldn’t dare to overtake in front of his power.
“Whiyu. It’s a man, Sirone.”
To Tess, the current Sirone was obviously unfamiliar. It was only natural that she had always been kind and kind.
During this battle, the person I was most worried about was Sirone. He asked Lian if he could kill people, but in fact, Sirone was also included in the target.
However, once she entered the real battle, Sirone completely changed like a different person.
Fear is nowhere to be found, and even in dealing with enemies, he has a perfect response posture that can not be found flawed.
This was the uniqueness of Sirone that no one else could see.
Violence and brutality in struggle may be virtues, but the way Sirone fights was like watching a mechanical device that only calculates efficiency over and over again.
Rian, guessing Tess’s feelings, secretly smiled. It was because he remembered the feelings he had when he first met Sirone.
Even now, thinking about the real sword fight with Sirone at the gymnasium was chilling.
Sirone’s insight comprehends even the fear of death. He remembered that even Lian was sweating at the sight of him rushing forward, thinking only of swinging his sword.
“Tess, remember. that’s sirone Once triggered, no one can stop it.”
Unlike Lian, Amy was watching Sirone with a bit of concern.
Of course, she is well aware of how great Sirone’s insight is. However, it seemed that the factors that moved him now were the powerful variables of Yuna and Marsha.
“Anyway, there must be a trap, isn’t it too reckless? You’re running straight ahead without time to analyze your strategy.”
“Time was delayed while destroying the magic circle. If Sirone does it, I won’t stop him.”
Lian threw a vote for Sirone and sped it up.
But Tess agreed with Amy. While she was running, she analyzed her surroundings and said with a serious expression.
“Amy, the terrain is a little strange. Men seem to be on fire, so let’s strike a balance.”
“Yeah, that would be nice. But what do you mean the topography is strange?”
“If it were not for the artificially altered terrain, we would sooner or later enter the valley. It’s a good place to set a trap. It could be dangerous.”
Nature has its own laws. Humans change the shape of things to suit their taste, but nature never goes against the law.
Looking at the stems of the mountain ranges he had passed so far, the ground seemed to be getting lower and lower.
Besides, the fact that the humidity is high and there are more bryophytes than shrubs was definitely going into the valley.
‘Nevertheless, there is no sound of water. These bastards blocked the valley.’
Block the front and pincer attack from both sides. In war, it was an attack close to the standard.
Tess was conflicted. It was true that time was running out. However, if it continued to play into the hands of the enemy, it could have been annihilated first.
“Amy, I can’t. Let’s stop Sirone for now.”
Amy also nodded without a murmur. As expected by Tess, the path gradually narrowed and the cliff became so high that it was impossible to bypass.
The biggest problem was that the number of enemies who had been building a siege so far was gradually decreasing.
“I will tell you. Sirone! Wait a minute!”
Amy’s voice did not reach. Because before she could even get her word out, Sirone took her Lian and cast her teleportation. She felt that running alone would not satisfy her.
“Why the hell are you doing that?”
Anyway, Amy, who had to chase, hugged Tess’ waist and cast teleportation.
However, it was impossible for her to catch up with Sirone.
If it was limited to the magic of teleportation, Amy’s skill was on par with Sirone’s, but not enough to overtake her.
Sirone, who rushed quickly, knew that Amy was following her from behind.
But even so, the magic did not stop. Flashes of light followed one after another, and Sirone and Lian quickly dug into the entrance of the valley.
After stopping her teleportation there, Sirone ran along the bank of a stream with shallow water.
Lian, who had followed along, asked with a puzzled expression.
“Sirone, why are you in such a hurry? From what I can see, this place is a trap.”
“So you came in a hurry. Somehow I have to destroy the trap. It will depend on the type of trap, but if you use a wide range, you will be able to focus the enemy’s attacks.”
“what? But what if it fails?”
“At that time, I will be tied up without moving. If we don’t succeed here, the difficulty of the operation will increase many times over.”
“That’s not the problem. I could die. I’d rather do it.”
“No, the reason I have to is because I can. If you keep doing that, I have no choice but to leave you alone.”
Rian realized the reason for Sirone’s hasty distance. If she said she could block the enemy’s attack by herself, then there was no way Tess or Amy would give permission for her.
Sirone wants to take a risk and walk in the direction where the odds are high. The thought that there was not much time left to rescue Yuna safely seemed to work.
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

