===============================
Chapter - 101 - Meeting God(3) 3.txt
===============================
[101] Meeting God (3)
Shirone felt like he had been hit in the head with a hammer. Even if this place was the underworld, it was a state of being reliable, but meeting a god was a completely different matter.
“Are you a god?”
“Don’t you believe it?”
“well. I didn’t even know there was a God, but I thought that even if there was, he wouldn’t be this human.”
The woman smiled.
“Every creature has no choice but to resemble its creator. It is like any object made by humans inevitably contains human thoughts and forms. Plants, animals, mountains and seas all resemble God. But the degree is different. Creativity is the criterion. For example, squirrels are more creative than rocks. In that sense, humans are quite like gods. and Shirone. You are one of the most godlike among them.”
The woman reached out and stroked Shirone’s face.
“Shirone. Would you like to create the world with me?”
Shirone was confused. Everything was so sudden and unfamiliar. Above all, the woman’s words that this place is not the afterlife remained in my mind. Maybe it was a little bit of hope.
“Is there any way I can go back?”
The woman looked at Shirone in surprise and shook her head.
“Sorry, Shirone, there is no way to go back. Didn’t you choose to end your life? Do you want to go back now?”
“It is not. It was definitely something I was prepared for, and if it wasn’t for you, I wouldn’t have come back to my senses like this. Oh, over there… … Can I call you like this?”
“Sure. God is just a concept. I have no name.”
“Then may I ask you one more question?”
“Whoops, whatever.”
“Why are you lying?”
The woman’s brow narrowed. That alone made the temple shake.
“God doesn’t lie. No, I am an existence that cannot lie.”
If God is omnipotent, lying is impossible. Because any word can turn into truth. But Shirone read it in the woman’s eyes. She was hiding something.
“When I asked if there was any way to go back, I said no. But that’s not true.”
“Whether there is a way to go back or not, there is no way back unless I am there. That’s why.”
“That’s a lie”
“You don’t understand, Shirone. They said there was no way I could go back. So I can’t go back, never!”
“Then I will tell you again. It has nothing to do with your doctor. What I want to hear is, is there a way to return to the original world?”
“There is no way!”
“Another lie!”
The woman’s shoulders twitched. Shirone did not miss her reaction. As she panicked, the scenery of her temple shimmered as if she were submerged in her water.
“Are you really a god?”
It was suspicious from the start. Of course, there is no reason why the form of a god imagined by humans should be a real god, but even so, the woman’s reaction was very human.
The woman nodded as if she knew something.
“Shirone. We have different conceptions of God. So there is a misunderstanding. God is not as sublime as you think. He is just the designer of the world.”
When the woman held out her hand, a glass ball floated above her palm. Inside the glass sphere was a scene of a small town, with sparse people standing there.
“You see, I created a village. Of course it’s a model. But you can move people like this.”
The woman put her finger in the glass ball and carried the farmer feeding the horse to a nearby field.
“Okay, the farmer has moved. Changing space means giving time. Can you find something different from the world Shirone used to live in? doesn’t exist. This is God. I have now become the god of this town.”
The woman held out the glass ball in front of Shirone’s eyes.
“A god is, in the end, nothing more than a designer who can create a dimension one level lower than the one he is in. Why do you still feel that God is absolute? And that’s the fun part. This farmer will not feel that a force has acted on his movement to a nearby field.”
The woman pulled out the glass ball again and held it up with her palms. As she spread her arms wide, her village expanded in an instant and she covered the temple.
Shirone looked around. He had already entered the village. The two stood at the end of the trail and faced each other. Others still didn’t move.
The woman approached the farmer who was tiling the field.
“This farmer has no idea how imperfect the world I’ve created is. Because I was born here. There is only one way to know.”
“It’s an immortal function.”
“that’s right. The immortal function expands the senses as a whole. This town is enclosed in a glass globe. Therefore, it is no exaggeration to say that there is no world beyond the glass sphere.”
The woman put her hand on the farmer’s shoulder. The farmer turned to light and covered the entire sky. In that state, as the woman held out her fist, the landscape shrunk and the entire village was once again immersed in the glass sphere.
Shirone stared at the glass ball quietly. He was filled with light emanating from the farmer.
“This farmer has been expanded entirely through Immortal Functions. But even so, I cannot recognize the existence of me. It is Shirone, and you are too.”
Shirone’s condition as a farmer did not seem like someone else’s business. She said that if she hadn’t tried to hijack the woman, she too would have been disseminated in a meaningless light.
“What do you want from me? Knowing that, what can I do?”
“This is it, Shirone.”
The woman pressed the glass ball between her palms. Then the glass sphere shrank and compressed into a black dot.
“spot… … .”
“yes. This is the identity of the world we live in. The world you live in is, after all, just a dot. But once inside, an infinite world opens up. It is the space-time matrix.”
The woman showed herself. The landscape of the glass sphere disappeared into dots and a new world was born. Another world within a world, and then another world… … . Then, when we put our palms together, the glass sphere disappeared. Billions of worlds perished in an instant.
“Please enter the time-space I created. Create your spacetime there. Then a perfect universe will be born.”
For some reason, she seemed to want to innovate her world. It wasn’t a particularly embarrassing proposition. It was a decent ending if she became a god from another world in return for risking death.
“I can’t.”
The woman asked as if she couldn’t understand.
“Why? There would be no cause or reason for refusal.”
“Because if I enter your time-space, I will have to sacrifice someone like me again.”
A glimmer of sadness flashed in the woman’s eyes. But the change in her emotions was short-lived, and she soon returned to her cold expression, and she said to Shirone.
“What does that matter? It’s the world you created anyway.”
“But you are not a god.”
For the first time, hostility flashed in the woman’s eyes.
“You are a human being in the same world as me. The proof is that I was brought here before I was completely disbanded. Shouldn’t God really be outside the world?”
The woman did not deny it. That didn’t change the results.
“Shirone, you must follow my words. I called you for a purpose. If you refuse, you can go through the process of disbanding right now.”
It is a spirit reconstructed with the power of a woman. So it might be free to go back. However, as long as there was even the slightest possibility of returning to the original world, Shirone did not intend to obey.
“It will not disintegrate.”
The woman reached out to Shirone and cast the Almighty of Destruction. However, Shirone was not disbanded. Because she had already entered the Spirit Zone.
“You got another problem right. An excellent choice.”
The woman’s arm came down slowly.
“I get it now. The Spirit Zone was also a spot.”
The spot could be infinitely penetrated by the principle of space-time matrix. It was the reason why Shirone, the spirit body, was able to enter the Spirit Zone again.
“And here… … It is your spirit zone.”
Shirone concentrated the energy of light. The woman frowned in displeasure. The red glow of her Shirone, rising from her body, was oppressing her with her ferocious aura.
Gold Medal (1)
The fifth day of Shirone’s death.
The students all regained their memories. Children in particular were confused. However, since they were also talented people with exceptional mental strength than ordinary people, the aftereffects were not as severe as expected.
But the real trouble began now.
The incident in which the school was taken over by monsters exposed the vulnerability of the security facility. In particular, safety was a specification that had to be considered as a top priority under the regulations of schools that operate a dormitory system.
The biggest problem was that there were deaths among students. It was also Ariane Shirone, who was expected to be a promising star in the school.
Shirone was in the infirmary instead of the morgue at the request of Eruki and Nade. Common sense meant that a funeral should be held, but the teachers were also in a situation where they noticed.
The reason why there is no movement in the student council to determine who is responsible is because there has not been a ruling on Shirone’s death.
In the end, it was like planning a strategy to avoid responsibility by turning Shirone into a specter.
Of course, there were not a few teachers who felt remorse for this method. Currently, they are gathering in the teacher’s conference room to emphasize the urgency of the issue.
“We have to hold Shirone’s funeral right now. I have to tell my parents too. If we don’t deal with it now, the school’s policy will be criticized later.”
“It is not an easy decision. If the news of a student’s death spreads, the aftermath will be devastating. You could lose the reputation you’ve built so far in an instant.”
“Are you lying that the dead student was alive? It’s going to be known eventually! The position that schools should take now is to make a declaration of conscience. Reputation isn’t the issue, the school might close.”
“Who doesn’t know that? Wouldn’t you like to take a little more time to think about it?”
“Why don’t you know that the more time you take, the worse it gets? Currently, Arcane’s disciples are also missing. Missing a criminal is also fatal. We must act now.”
Currently, the teachers who are delaying Shirone’s funeral are divided into two groups. Those who made political calculations were on the side of trying to satisfy the anger of the students while wasting time as much as possible.
On the other hand, there were teachers who really couldn’t accept Shirone’s death. Representatively, Ethella, Thaad, and Siena, who were directly involved in the scene at the time, were also in a position to doubt Shirone’s death.
“Principal, tell me! I heard that the student council is being convened today. Teachers also need to take action.”
The student council also had a big impact on the teachers’ impatientness. This is because students with numerous families on their backs miss the right time to use their hands when they start accusing the school.
“I am in a position to watch.”
Most of the teachers rose up.
“principal!”
Alpheas understood their feelings. The more time passes, the worse the school becomes. But he had more important things than the school’s existence. It was the exact state of Shirone.
Is Shirone dead?
It was an absurd agenda for a magic school, a symbol of intelligence, to propose.
So I was more careful. If the dead person hadn’t been Shirone, would he have even suspected this?
‘You have to think rationally. But I can’t.’
Perhaps only Shirone is receiving special treatment. But even knowing that fact, Alfeas couldn’t let go of the subtle feeling stuck in a corner of her head.
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 102 - Geumgangseung(2) 4.txt
===============================
[102] Geumgangseung (2)
“I don’t want to jump to conclusions about Shirone. We currently lack information about the Unlocker.”
Ethella, who agreed with Alpheas, added.
“Shirone joined Immortal Function three months ago. And in this battle, it was extremely open. The Order recognizes the Immortal Function as a mental sublimation function. I think it could be a problem separate from life.”
“What do you mean? We’re not trying to hear the position of the Order right now. We want to get this situation resolved as quickly as possible.”
Some teachers did not understand Ethella’s words. This is because Immortal Function is a realm, not a level. No matter how deep a teacher was in learning, he could not be confident that he was deeper than a beggar on the street in the realm of enlightenment.
The teacher who gave Ethella a face mask said directly to Alfeas.
“Principal, change your mind. To be honest, though with all due respect, it all started with the principal’s love affair. There is nothing more important to us than school. At this rate, the worst may happen.”
Alpheas looked around the crowd. Dozens of eyes were exerting silent pressure.
“Worst case? What is the worst thing you can think of?”
“There may be an order to close the school.”
“No, the worst is not like that.”
A teacher said, beating his chest as if he was frustrated.
“I can’t understand the principal’s will. What could be worse than closing schools?”
“The worst thing for a school would be if all the students and teachers were dead.”
The conference room was enveloped in silence. The gazes that were facing Alpheas diverged one by one.
“If it wasn’t for Shirone, no one would have survived. Also, the list of those killed must include you.”
Alpheas was disappointed with the spirit of the teachers who tried to exploit the death of their students instead of honoring them.
“Isn’t there some possibility left? Even if it’s a less than 1 percent chance, isn’t it the child who gave up his life for us? Then shouldn’t you at least try it until you try it? Even if the school is closed, isn’t it your duty as a teacher to do your best for Shirone’s life?”
“But, Principal, what does school mean to us? I feel sorry for Shirone too, but if you close the door like this… … .”
“Schools will not close. I will take all responsibility. So, do your best for Shirone. Shouldn’t we sacrifice this much for that child?”
The teachers could not refute Alfeas’ words. For whatever reason, it is an undeniable fact that his life was saved by a student.
After the meeting, the teachers left the conference room with dark expressions.
Magic School Student Council.
Members of the student council gathered by class in a huge conference room. Unlike the teachers who were worried about the rice bowl, they were sensitive and felt betrayed by Alfeas’ past.
“hello. This is student president Amira. We opened a seat to lead consultations regarding this situation. Please provide constructive comments.”
Amira of Class Two declared a meeting from the podium. She majored in climate magic, was 22 years old this year, and was one of the first people to graduate.
As he is a representative left-leaning figure in the student council, the atmosphere of the discussion could be predicted. As expected, it was the conservatives who defended the school’s position who applied for the right to speak first.
“This is Seriel from Class Three. As far as I know there is a serious public opinion criticizing Principal Alpheas on campus. But I think you have to be careful. The honor of the school equals the honor of the students. Under these circumstances, attacking the teaching staff could have adverse repercussions for future graduates.”
“This is Cass from Class Four. Commissioner Seriel’s opinion has a point, but this agenda is related to the morality of teachers. Even if it happened 40 years ago, it was a criminal act. I don’t think there is a future for the school if it doesn’t take responsibility for this part.”
Naturally, Amira agreed with Cass. However, as befits her chairman, she did not show it outwardly and stopped at nodding her head.
“This is Olivia from Class Six. The main issue right now is whether Shirone is dead or not. As you know, Shirone is dead. But few students and teachers distort that fact. As a result, the school side missed two of the suspects who were aligned with Arcane, and the principal’s accusation is also being delayed. This is a clear evasion of responsibility, and I think the student council should step up.”
Amira was angry for the same reason. Currently, the teachers have delayed accusing Alfeas because Shirone’s condition is uncertain.
Seriel objected.
“Aren’t we over-interpreting the teachers’ intentions? Syrone’s heart isn’t beating, but neither is decay. I know that there is a lot of discussion in the Ivory Tower about the opening of Immortal Function. If you consider these things, the judgment of the faculty is not incomprehensible.”
The students reacted with disdain. It was an immortal function that even teachers could not understand, so there was no way they could accept it at their level. Some students didn’t even know what an immortal function was.
It was the same with Amira. The highest level that a wizard can pursue. But what about that?
Magic was a knowledge-based phenomenon. I heard that this was the best while catching a cloud, but I did not understand what was so great about it.
“Hey, this is Veronica from Class Ten.”
An eight-year-old raised his hand. Even though the student council was young to elect a representative for each class, the weight of the remarks was the same.
“yes. Say it, Commissioner Veronica.”
“What did Grandpa Alpheas do wrong?”
At the sound of a voice that looked like she would burst into tears at any moment, Amira frowned and let out a sigh.
‘That’s why I suggested separating them by class.’
said Veronica with a sniffle.
“Can’t you forgive Alpheas’ grandfather even if he did something wrong?”
“That’s not right, Commissioner Veronica. This is a matter related to the honor of the school.”
“but… … Everyone makes mistakes, right?”
The atmosphere in the conference room was tumultuous. Certainly, the current remarks caused considerable ripples. In an unexpected harvest, the conservatives listened to Veronica’s words and watched the development of the situation.
“I get scolded by my mother often. But she’s not too upset. He said that anyone can make mistakes. Grandpa Alfeas made mistakes, but he has led the school well so far. So can you forgive me?”
Mark, wanting an opportunity, raised his hand and stood up.
“This is the mark of Class Seven. I agree with Commissioner Veronica. Of course, it is natural that the guilty person should be punished. However, I believe that we, who have trusted the security of the school and insisted on maintaining the status quo, are going aggressive. Unless the teachers are in a position to aid in the situation, I think the student council needs wisdom to know how to wait.”
‘Nice work, Mark.’
Seriel raised her thumb under the table, and Mark signaled with a nod.
A reversal of the atmosphere occurred, and opinions were tightly opposed.
Amira predicted the votes through each of their remarks. Overall, the lower classes tended to side with the school, while the senior classes tended to criticize the school. The tickets for the advanced class were half and half.
‘I’ll lose this if I do well.’
At this rate, there would be no way to accuse Alfeas. He has to seize the momentum of the reversal somehow, but it was not easy to extinguish the flames because the lower class, who are relatively young, tend to be swayed by emotions.
“This is Ardino Fermi of Class One.”
As Fermi, who had been listening until now, raised his hand, the eyes of the audience turned to him. He was the first in the seniority class and the first to be expected to graduate, so it was natural to wonder what he was thinking.
Seriel looked at Fermi anxiously. A young man with dark brown hair neatly swept back and wearing office-like ready-to-wear. But beneath his authoritative attire was a hideous sense of mischief.
He has enough skills to graduate, but for some reason, he gets eliminated every time. The next student council president was also considered a strong candidate, but in the end he abstained and handed over the seat to Amira.
To be honest, I don’t know what I’m thinking. The only thing he knew was that he liked buntang and enjoyed everyone’s struggle.
“Everyone here is indebted to Shirone. If it wasn’t for him, he’d be dead already. Therefore, there must be some who cannot accept his death.”
The students were stunned. They knew how hard Shirone fought for the sake of the entire school.
But on the contrary, Seriel became impatient. As far as she knew, Fermi wasn’t the type to be grateful. She didn’t know why she was suddenly bringing this up.
“I am also grateful to Shirone. However, the teaching staff uses such Shirone as their shield. So our judgment is not over the top. It’s a struggle to protect Shirone’s soul.”
“What spirit are you protecting? Shirone is still dead… … !”
“It has already been five days. Shirone’s heart is not beating. There is probably no one among you who does not miss Shirone. Isn’t it?”
Most nodded. Even if you don’t think so, mourning someone’s death isn’t too difficult.
“Everyone misses Shirone and is grateful. So let’s ask the question again. Does anyone among them really think Shirone is alive?”
Seriel realized Fermi’s strategy. If you separate emotion and reason, guilt disappears and reality becomes clearer. Students will judge with sobriety.
“Of course, no one is like that. It’s not cruelty, it’s common sense. Even so, teachers still insist that Shirone lived. Like a cult cult.”
Seriel hit the table and got up.
“That’s not true! There’s definitely something strange about Shirone’s condition… … !”
“What is so strange about it? I’ve read reports about immortal functions. But it has nothing to do with the magical realm and the death of creatures. We also obtained intelligence that Shirone’s body had already been embalmed.”
“That, that… … !”
It was Alpheas’ order. It was the foresight that if the immortal function was involved in the mind, physical loss should be managed here.
But it was unknown how Fermi came across a secret that only a few knew.
Amira asked, her eyes flashing fiercely.
“Embalance? Is it true what Commissioner Fermi said?”
Seriel glared at Fermi. Seeing that innocent smile made me even more annoyed.
‘Bad child. while it doesn’t matter You just want to cause a commotion.’
“Commissioner Seriel, please tell me.”
Seriel sighed. The fight he could have won was lost in an instant mistake.
“I will exercise my right to remain silent. If you want more answers, please hold a formal hearing.”
Although the act of keeping one’s mouth shut implies a positive meaning, it was vastly different from speaking directly. The importance of the right to remain silent is to leave room for dissent. There was no need to do the stupid thing of driving a wedge in advance as you don’t know what variable will turn the situation around.
Amira didn’t waste time. If it was a come-from-behind atmosphere, now was the best point. Closing out her meeting, she cast her vote.
“Then, we will start the secret ballot from now on.”
result… … It was as Seriel expected.
* * *
“Alpheas resign! Accept the investigation of the Inspection Department!”
“Proceed with Shirone’s funeral! It’s not a teacher’s job to play with the dead!”
About 100 students who participated in the decision of the student council were protesting in front of the medical office holding pickets.
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 103 - Geumgangseung(3) 2.txt
===============================
[103] Geumgangseung (3)
Amira, who stood at the forefront, encouraged the students.
“The school needs to announce the whole story of this incident. Only prosecuting Principal Alpheas can ensure the future of the Magic School!”
“Right! Alpheas resign! Proceed with Shirone’s funeral!”
Their shouts passed through the window of the infirmary and reached Amy’s ears. Then the door burst open and Seriel came in.
“Amy, it’s a big deal!”
“What happened? Why are they suddenly like that?”
It was natural for Amy to be upset. Just as she thought it was near the end of the student meeting, she suddenly gathered and she was torched to hold Shirone’s funeral.
“The seniors are doing their best and trying to accuse the principal. I thought I could protect Shirone, but Fermi’s bastard made a fuss… … .”
Amy could see the situation without looking. If it was Fermi, it would have been enough. In the end, the student council seemed to have caught up with the resignation of the principal. But I couldn’t blame them for being unkind. If the head of the school had a moral flaw, it was also a good thing for the future to rob it.
But it was too extreme. That’s why Fermi’s behavior annoyed me. It was the teachers’ lukewarm response that sparked the anger of the student council, but in the end it was Fermi who set fire to the fuse.
“Bad child. While he himself lived thanks to Shirone.”
“What now, Amy?”
said Amy, biting her nails.
“What can I do? You have to hold on.”
Alpheas said to watch Shirone for a while. It was a miracle that he, the general manager of this case, persuaded the teachers.
Nade, who was looking out the window, turned to Eruki and shot at him.
“Are you satisfied now? There’s a group of kids who think the same as you. Shouldn’t you be with me too?”
“Will you do that if you want?”
Eruki also accepted without losing. After the fight that day, the two of them were still awkward.
Seriel frowned and said.
“Stop it. There’s nothing wrong with us fighting each other. Now is the time to join forces.”
“Sheesh! Eruki Do you think this bastard will join forces? It’s like a guy with no blood or tears.”
“Stop it. And Eruki, you are also self-respecting. Things got really serious. You don’t know how a word can change public opinion, so I’m here for the time being.”
“I have no intention of leaving anyway.”
Eruki buried his face in the table and was lost in thought. It had already been the fifth day since Shirone died. It was coming much later than his own expectations.
‘If the student council moved, the teachers wouldn’t be able to hold on for long either. About 48 hours from now… … .’
The atmosphere in the infirmary rapidly cooled. Everyone was suffering from this situation and was overly sensitive.
Amy stroked Shirone’s forehead. Her common sense had to assume that she was dead. But is the current situation that holds on to her hope really normal?
‘Please, please come back, Shirone… … .’
Amy was unsure of Shirone’s survival. But now, five days after the heart stopped, the realm of certainty had already passed. From now on, it was the realm of faith.
* * *
The woman looked closely at the red light emanating from Shirone’s body. The principle of emitting high energy and vibrating particles would destroy any object.
“Shirone, don’t do this. The magic is so destructive. It doesn’t match your disposition.”
“I don’t want to fight either. But you intend to keep me tied up here. It can’t be. I have to go back.”
“Do you think you can win against me?”
Shirone shook her head. It was an honest feeling. Even though he was a being of the same dimension, he was a person with such strong ability that he called himself a god. No matter how bad he was, he had to be regarded as a higher level than Arcane.
Who the hell is this woman? And where is this place?
Shirone stopped thinking. At least he wasn’t where he was supposed to be.
“Teach me how to return to the original world.”
“Even if you teach me, there is no way it will be possible. It is an act that will drive you to death again.”
“Even so, I think you should try.”
The woman was not afraid of Shirone’s magic. However, the power of the laser was not to be underestimated. The destruction of this world had to be prevented at all costs.
“great. I will do as you please. But promise me. If you return without being able to return to the original world, then please follow my will.”
“How do I get back?”
“I can’t give up any more. Will you still do it?”
No matter how terrifying the difficulties were, Shirone’s thoughts did not change.
“great. But I will never give up.”
“Your life is yours. Use it however you like.”
The woman made a glass ball in front of Shirone’s eyes. Inside, black darkness was spinning.
“Shirone. In order to return to the original world, you have to go through the reverse process of coming here.”
“okay.”
“It’s not an easy thing to think about. It is a process of returning from a pure spirit to a human being. Human beings are a collection of all sorts of unpleasant elements. If you don’t accept this, you will eventually change into a strange existence that is neither human nor anything.”
The woman was convinced of Shirone’s failure.
“The darkness you see now is a spot that penetrates space and time. Commonly referred to as a black hole. You can return to the original world through this place.”
As the glass sphere disappeared, a huge darkness was born in front of Shirone.
“What can I do?”
“It’s simple. You can go in. It is a spot that is connected to your body.”
“thank you. I will not forget Grace.”
Shirone was sincere. She was hijacked, but if it weren’t for her, she wouldn’t have had a chance to return to her original world.
“Don’t be quick to thank me. Because I never thought you’d be successful. If you want to give up, just walk this way again.”
Will that ever happen? If he died, he would die and he would never come back, but since it was something he hadn’t experienced yet, Shirone didn’t make any conclusions in advance.
“Then I will go.”
The woman said, squinting her eyes as if she were sleepy.
“Have a good trip.”
Shirone took the first step into the sphere. He felt the same way as when he first entered the spot. As expected, Shirone couldn’t find an exit. No matter how far he moved, nothing changed.
Shirone, who inadvertently turned around, was startled. She was looking this way as the woman was still sleepy with her eyes. Time is not passing. It is trapped in the horizon of events that only occur in extreme gravity.
‘I can’t escape. It is absolutely impossible to escape from this place.’
Shirone finally understood what the woman was saying. There was nothing he could do in a place where even time could not escape.
As clever as he was, he was quick to face reality. Shirone turned around with a miserable heart. she has to go back to her Shouldn’t she at least live in the presence of people rather than be locked in darkness forever?
‘for a moment. perhaps… … .’
Shirone suddenly stopped walking. Time is forever caught on the horizon of events. But he had the ability to generate time. It was photonization magic.
Quasi-subluminous, subluminous, superluminous, superluminous.
The speed that the photon wizard classifies was four. According to Shirone’s calculations, to pass through the event horizon, a speed faster than light was required.
‘Superlight… … Is it really possible?’
Shirone’s level is at most sub-light speed. It seemed possible to reach sub-light speed with the addition of God’s particles, but even so, it fell far short of super-light speed.
‘Let’s think about it.’
Time was not an issue as a method was found. After struggling for a long time, his eyes changed. can do. Now, without a body, it might be possible to reach super light speed.
‘Immortal function.’
Even at the speed of light, you cannot travel across the vast universe. However, the speed of infinite expansion is instantaneous. Perhaps the immortal function was the key to reaching superlight speed.
In any case, going back was the priority. Shirone took a deep breath and opened the immortal function at the same time as she cast photonization magic.
The effect appeared immediately. The tremors accelerating at quasi-sub-light speed, sub-light speed, and light speed were transmitted strong enough to collapse the Spirit Zone.
“Ughhhh… … !”
However, it did not reach the speed of light. It was impossible to cast magic through batteries unless the mind understood that it was faster than time. All that was left was the complete opening of Immortal Function. It is an unknown world that may disappear again, but he expanded his consciousness to the whole without delay.
The shape that made up the Shirone exploded and disintegrated into fine particles. At last something faster than light crossed the horizon of events and began to run toward the light.
‘done!’
Shirone was still conscious. Even if he fully opened the immortal function, no particles were disturbed within the black hole. The exit was visible in the distance. There, his body was waiting.
‘Goes! I’m finally going!’
Then all of a sudden it started to slow down. Particles of unknown meaning stuck between Shirone’s particles. The particles combined to create meaning and acted like voices, disturbing Shirone’s mind.
-feeding. feeding. feeding. feeding. feeding. feeding. feeding. feeding.
-breeding. breeding. breeding. breeding. breeding. breeding. breeding. breeding.
In Shirone’s eyes, which grew heavier and heavier, he saw that the exit was getting farther and farther away. As the particles are complexly entangled, the simple meaning has evolved into a higher-order meaning.
-Ah, a birth. It is the lowest being.
– I don’t want to die. mortal life.
Shirone realized that it was the process of becoming the human that the woman had talked about. She is a being thrown into the world, holding both desire and fear at the same time.
Could it be that all human beings have heard this voice in their mother’s womb?
“Don’t lose! I will definitely go back!”
-Where? There is nowhere to welcome you.
“To my world! Where friends are waiting!”
-They will kill you. It will interfere with feeding and reproduction. What awaits you is a collision of desires, a painful struggle, and a journey of death that must arrive.
“Aaaaaa! I can’t hear anything! No words can stop me!”
Shirone desperately shouted. However, as the combination progressed, the drifting sound grew louder.
Humans were, after all, beings made up of countless sounds. As if a solo was buried in a chorus, Shirone eventually lost his voice.
-feeding. feeding. feeding. feeding. feeding. feeding. feeding. feeding.
-breeding. breeding. breeding. breeding. breeding. breeding. breeding. breeding.
* * *
The 7th day of Shirone’s death.
The student council was still holding a sit-in. To be precise, they were the radicals who followed Amira.
In response, conservative students blocked the entrance and blocked entry. Factions split on the centrist side as well, eventually doubling the total number of protesters.
Most of the students in the school gathered in front of the building, and the protests day and night made the friends guarding Shirone nervous.
“Perform Shirone’s funeral!”
“Execute! Execute!”
“Alpheas must be judged by the Magic Association!”
“Take it! Take it!”
Seriel covered her ears. He closed the windows, so the sound wasn’t loud, but he couldn’t hear it anymore.
“Isn’t that really too much? Why do you keep worrying about not being able to eat Shirone?”
At Seriel’s words, Amy, who was dozing with her face buried in the cot, raised her head.
“They must have their own position. Even the kids who normally hate Shirone would have participated.”
“Is it Shirone’s fault that Shirone is proud? They have a narrow stomach.”
“All humans are like that. If there are people who acknowledge Shirone, there are bound to be people who reject her.”
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 104 - Geumgangseung(4).txt
===============================
[104] Geumgangseung (4)
Eruki, who was lying on the table, said.
“Have you done anything in the meantime? He said he chased and beat me up until yesterday.”
Amy didn’t even have the energy to get angry. She probably does as well as Eruki. She didn’t want to lift a finger in the stress she’d been through for a week.
said Amy, resting her chin on the bed.
“I know because the situation is like this. But there are people who are fighting for Shirone right now.”
Nade, who had been watching the sit-in through the window, intervened.
“Anyway, our side is mostly in the low-level or advanced class. On the other hand, most of the protesters are seniors. If they really come in, you can’t stop them.”
Seriel said.
“It will be fine for now. We have teachers. The principal is like that, Siena-sensei and Ethella-sensei are on our side.”
“That’s because the senior doesn’t know. those… … Your behavior has been questionable since yesterday.”
“huh? What?”
Seriel turned to Nade and asked, but Eruki answered.
“Some people seemed to be missing. It’s especially strange that Amira and Fermi are missing. At least one person has to stay and agitate.”
Amy screamed in a fit of fuss.
“hey! You talk respectfully to Seriel, but why do you keep talking bad things about me?”
Eruki looked away as if it was annoying. He had no particular reason anyway. He just had the simple idea that if he was Shirone’s girlfriend, he was also a friend to herself.
As the door to the infirmary opened, Alpheas entered with Siena and Ethella. Due to the persistence of the student council, the faces of the teachers were also fading day by day.
“You have a lot of trouble. How about Shirone-kun?”
“As you can see… … It is the same.”
“okay. It is unavoidable.”
Now Alpheas couldn’t help but question. A week has already passed. If some Absolute appeared and said that Shirone would come to life, he could wait a year or ten years. However, the problem was that no one could prove that Shirone would return alive. It was a race against time.
“I will cast a spell on Shirone.”
Amy and Seriel opened the way. Alpheas put his hand on Shirone’s chest and cast a slow magic. It was an embalming treatment that could be done without harming the body.
After finishing the magic, Alpheas retreated again. Now Shirone will be able to get through another day.
But until when? Now, the teachers are silently watching, but as time goes by, the voices of dissatisfaction have no choice but to come out.
Siena stared at Shirone and stroked her hair. The more she thought about it, the more unfair and resentful she was. To think that a promising wizard would end up like this before he even blossomed.
‘That’s why I said I should stop it.’
Shirone passed the overflow well. But what he got in return was frequent contact with Immortal Function. At that time, Ethella said she would take all responsibility. He had no intention of criticizing now. If Shirone was wrong, she would spend her whole life comforting Shirone’s soul.
“teacher! It’s a big deal!”
Seriel shouted. Amy and Nade were also looking out the window, unable to hide their anger. Siena walked to the window. Amira and Fermi, who had not been seen until yesterday, were pushing documents toward the infirmary.
“On behalf of the students of Alpheas School of Magic, I will file a complaint against all teachers! Please allow me to take over the recruits of Principal Alpheas!”
Siena’s back ached. In the end, her concerns came to an end. The student council had super strength. It meant that not only Alpheas, but also the punishment of other teachers would be enforced.
When a complaint is filed, the situation escalates out of control. If the family of the student side intervened, the school would collapse without any room to deal with it.
When Siena opened the window, the demonstrators instantly fell silent.
“What the hell is this all about? Is it the job of the student council to incite students to shake the school?”
Amira walked towards the window.
“It is not incitement. We don’t want to go this far either. That’s why I haven’t filed a complaint yet. But there are too many questions. It’s already been 7 days since Shirone died. Still, the teaching staff is reluctant to announce anyone.”
“Shirone is not dead. He’s just in a state of suspended animation.”
“There can be no suspended animation without a beating heart. I also don’t understand why corruption isn’t progressing. Wouldn’t it be possible with Principal Alpheas’s magic?”
The student council seemed to have come to that conclusion. It was an accurate prediction.
But there are things in the world where you shouldn’t judge based on results alone. The student council couldn’t understand why Shirone had to be embalmed.
The origin of the problem was the immortal function. Even a student at a magic school knew nothing about the realm of nirvana, so he had no choice but to respond emotionally.
“It is as you think. Currently, Shirone is preventing corruption with slow magic.”
Siena readily admitted. She made a fuss not only with the student council, but also with the oppositional children blocking her entrance.
“Are you admitting to the charges?”
“It’s too soon, Amira. Suspicion is a word that can be used in case the teachers think about escaping by using Shirone as a shield.”
“Teacher is right. However, I have not heard of any circumstantial grounds to judge it at present. The student council cannot understand this kind of response from the faculty.”
“The faculty did not acknowledge Shirone’s death. He’s also not thinking about getting out. So I ask for your understanding.”
“Sir, Shirone’s death is sad for us too. However, the student council does not want their precious alma mater to fall like this.”
“I understand that you cannot trust the current teachers. But we also thought carefully and made the best decision. It will be your judgment whether you believe it or not.”
Amira savored Shirone’s words. She couldn’t rule out the possibility that her teachers were aware of something she was missing. A human being is a being who believes in what he thinks is right.
But no matter how many times I thought about it, I couldn’t understand it. Shirone is already dead. No, he honestly felt good just to have all the teachers around him, dead or alive.
‘Is it right to go this way? Am I rational? What if Shirone survives? But that can never happen… … .’
Amira also did not want to sue unless it was for the position of student council president. However, if she is defeated, the damage will be to her students.
Fermi, who was watching, did not like the way Amira was conflicted. Thinking that the plate might break if we continue like this, we decided to go ahead.
“In the end, a compromise cannot be found. Then we have no choice but to use the last resort.”
Siena looked at Fermi with a displeased expression. She was the first student like that in her four years of teaching. Although she possessed great talent, she was more adept at hiding it.
Believe in lies, and enjoy using that power to control the situation. This may also be a necessary ability for a wizard, but it was not a quality that a student should have.
“Heh, whether you file a complaint or not, do whatever you want. In the end, you will be the ones who will regret it.”
“Okay, let’s do it! First of all, we will take care of Shirone’s body and proceed with the complaint process! Let’s go! We will rescue Shirone with our own strength!”
Fermi advanced to the infirmary, led by the seniors. There was no one who could stop them who were already caught up in crowd psychology.
“Let’s hold Shirone’s funeral and accuse the teachers! The owner of the school is not the teachers, but the students!”
“for a moment! Don’t do this!”
The students of the Syrone faction, including Maria, stood in their way. However, it did not have much effect and the road was soon opened. The side with Fermi was mostly seniors like the sky. Numerical superiority was meaningless if it went into a skill event.
“Aren’t you doing too much? Still, the life of a student from the same school is at stake!”
Mark stood at the corner of the road with his unique pulpit. However, in the eyes of the graduating class, the juniors in Class 7 were not even worth talking to.
At that moment, a window on the third floor was broken. As debris fell, the students rushed back. Nade jumped off the building. The protesters frowned as the fly magic wind pushed away the dust from the ground.
Nade raised his head slowly, and life blazed in his eyes.
“Turn it all off, before I kill you. No one can lay a finger on Shirone.”
When the situation came to this, Amira gave up her thoughts and took action. She was already spilled water, and when she is pushed from her momentum, even public opinion is pushed.
“What is this? Don’t you know it’s not going to be a waste of time? And you say that you are killed by a senior? Where did you learn this habit?”
Nade didn’t hear a word. He only had the thought of protecting Shirone.
“You want to take Shirone? If so, go all in. Instead, life cannot be guaranteed.”
A bluish bolt floated above Nade’s head and scattered powerful lightning bolts around him. It was lightning magic lightning. But more terrifying than that was the plasma rising from Nade.
Amira widened her distance, showing a look of bewilderment.
‘How the advanced class uses plasma… … .’
In order to cast plasma magic, you need to build a super-high temperature battery or implement a hypothetical super-high temperature with omnipotence.
However, since the former method was not developed, all plasma wizards belong to the latter, and it was difficult to reach because it was not something that could be learned through theory.
Eruki looked down at Nade with a displeased look.
‘Stupid bastard. I’ve been patient until now.’
The only person in the school who knew about Nade’s past was Eruki. Five years ago, Nade was a completely different person than he is now. But he put on his mask, vowing never to show his face again. But now he has taken off the mask. Only to protect Shirone.
‘If I do this, I’ll feel a little sorry.’
Eruki smiled bitterly and turned around. And like the man he never was, he slipped out of his infirmary without anyone noticing.
The protesters were quite embarrassed. Even in his senior year, he knew how dangerous plasma was because there were licorns called electric monsters.
Nade glared at Amira and said.
“Finally, a warning. go away.”
“Why are you doing this? What does protecting a friend who is already dead mean to you?”
“Shirone is not dead.”
Nade shed tears with wide eyes.
“What do you know? What are you talking about knowing something about Shirone!”
Seeing Nade’s tears, Amira sympathized with him. But she had no intention of giving up.
“If you want a physical collision, I can’t stand still. I will subdue you first before the students are harmed.”
Amira took a step back and brought her fists together. Her gray-white clouds curled up and circled around her. It was cloud magic, a kind of climate system. The compatibility with electricity was very good. No, at Amira’s level, she could charge Nade’s electricity into her cloud and hit it back.
“anyway… … Why do you do something you can’t even handle?”
Eruki walked out of the front door. Nade frowned. What else did he appear to bet on? However, the place where Eruki stopped was next to Nade, not Amira.
“what? do not disturb This is my fight.”
“But from now on, it will also be my fight.”
“Weren’t you on the other side?”
Nade’s tone was curt. There was no resentment left between friends, but there was no reason for Eruki to intervene in this battle, who judged that Shirone was dead.
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 105 - Geumgangseung(5) 4.txt
===============================
[105] Geumgangseung (5)
“You’re not a kid, are you splitting sides? I am sincere too. Because I don’t want them taking Shirone.”
Amira made a puzzled expression. Her desire to protect her friends is imaginary, but she was in the advanced class anyway. There was no way she could fight against this side of her senior year, most of them.
“Do you guys know that you guys are really great? Do you think you can win against us?”
Starting with Amira, all the demonstrators entered the spirit zone. The powerful John of the senior year level was transmitted through Nade and Eruki’s synesthesia.
‘Quack. Heck heck.’
Watching their confrontation, Fermi secretly shook his shoulders. The current situation was ridiculous and to the point of death.
‘okay. fight, fight Destroy it as much as you like.’
Fermi knew that all profits are created from chaos and confrontation. In that sense, war is the best blue ocean. Because wealth accumulation is impossible unless the few winners exploit the many losers.
Fermi knew how to win wars. You have to castrate your emotions. Human weakness is, after all, emotions. Those who use the emotions of others rule the world.
‘Be sad. Be angry. Scream that only you are right. That’s how you raise the plate. Of course, I’ll take all the stakes.’
Siena, who was monitoring the situation in the infirmary, caught Fermi in her eyes.
‘It’s all your fault. He looks like a bad guy.’
I was angry, but I couldn’t criticize. Because Fermi’s philosophy is also not clumsy. Perhaps Fermi is even taking advantage of the situation Shirone is in.
Alpheas approached Siena.
“I can’t help it now.”
“principal.”
“Looks like this is it. Accept the student council’s request.”
cried Amy.
“principal! No! And what about Shirone?”
“Amy, I’m sorry.”
“How can you do this! You know, the principal! That Shirone isn’t dead yet!”
“no. Actually, I don’t know.”
Shocked, Amy froze. Alpheas put his hand on her shoulder and said.
“Amy, no one knows Shirone’s condition. just believe in I also believe Shirone will return.”
“But why… … .”
“But look. Aren’t even the kids who don’t care anymore fighting? It doesn’t matter why this happened. I can’t let the disciples fight any longer.
The other students were as precious to Alpheas as Shirone. Such students were now spreading the spirit zone to kill each other. In this situation, serving only Shirone was a selfish act.
“I will go down and tell you. Inform Shirone’s parents and proceed with funeral arrangements. We will discuss the disciplinary matter later.”
Amy slumped and sat down in her chair. Seriel approached with tears in her eyes.
“Amy, what should I do? Shirone, Shirone… … .”
Amy’s heart was no different. In the end, Shirone never returned. The moment Alpheas acknowledged it, it felt like Shirone had disappeared from her heart.
“Shirone… … .”
The atmosphere in front of the building was on the verge of exploding. Everyone had their spirit zones open, and anyone could use lethal magic if they made a decision.
Amira felt skeptical again. Is this really the right way? What kind of logic can precede alumni to aim at each other’s spirit zone and cast murderous magic?
She gnawed her lips and looked back and forth between Nade and Eruki. Nade was already ready for battle, but Eruki seemed to have room for conversation.
“You, do you achieve it? Servant ability.”
Eruki didn’t answer.
“Do I really have to do this? Your friend is too emotional. But you are no different.”
“I’m sorry, but I’m emotional right now.”
“lie. no, it doesn’t matter anyway do you know Do you really think your friend is alive? Is that your conclusion?”
“Hmm, conclusion. Then there is only one answer.”
Eruki, who lowered his eyes and was lost in thought, glared at Amira and said.
“Shirone is not dead.”
Nade looked back at Eruki with a surprised expression. Until he was in the infirmary, he didn’t know why he suddenly changed after claiming that Shirone was dead.
“Eruki, you… … .”
Eruki was still looking straight ahead. Amira’s disappointment increased. She was expected to be the most rational person in the school, but in the end, she was just a kid in the advanced class.
“If you really think so, then you must have logic to convince us?”
“of course.”
Amira blinked for a moment. She couldn’t believe it until she heard it.
“Then give me a reason. Why do you think Shirone is alive?”
“Because it’s 4 o’clock… … Shall I say that?”
Dang. Dang. Dang. Dang.
The bell rang in the clock tower.
The reason why he measured the time without looking at his watch was because he was a Servant. The method was simple. It is a matter of counting 1 second at a certain point in time.
Nade realized why Eruki’s talkativeness had decreased lately.
‘I was counting candles. But since when?’
Amira stared blankly at the clock tower. Then, realizing something in her, she turned her head.
“I get it now. you are just crazy What does time have to do with Shirone’s death?”
Eruki didn’t answer. He thought there might be some errors, but he was running much later than expected.
‘Four o’clock seven seconds. 8 seconds. 9 seconds. What are you doing?’
Amira finished thinking. His own judgment is right. Her attempts to converse with the emotional Nade and her originally crazed Eruki were in vain.
“We will take Shirone. Let’s see how far we can hold out against our senior year.”
Nade’s eyes were filled with murderous intent from the energy emitted by the best students in the magic school. Then I heard an unfamiliar but familiar voice.
“You guys are having fun. Why don’t you put me in too? This is my major.”
Everyone looked around. However, the identity of the voice was not visible. After a while, two men and women rose from the shadows cast over the building. It was Canis and Arin.
Sparks flew in Amira’s eyes.
“you! How dare you say where is this place! I will arrest you right now!”
“Anyway if you can. I have no intention of running away anyway.”
Canis responded with a snort and approached Eruki.
Eruki frowned as if annoyed.
“It’s too late.”
“You told me to come by 4?”
“It’s been 27 seconds.”
Canis was upset, but she tried to calm herself down. In any case, the first thing to do was to end the Eun-Won relationship.
“Here you are, what you asked for.”
Eruki quickly accepted the documents Canis handed him and turned the pages. Only then did Nade, feeling curious, look at the documents and ask.
“Eruki, what is that?”
“The dragon’s report. I took a tissue sample from Shirone and sent it to you.”
“What? When? No, more than that, how can you come from the capital in five days?”
It was a distance that would take four days even by carriage. In addition, it took time to analyze the torpedoes, so the actual round-trip time was less than 48 hours.
“I asked Canis. Basuka’s geography is also sharp.”
Canis gritted her teeth as she recalled the hardships of the past. It was a mortal journey, albeit punctual for her. During the day she rode in a carriage and at night she traveled to the Dark Fort. Her speed was faster at night, but it wasn’t once or twice that she lost consciousness due to exhausting her magical power to the limit.
“Anyway, I don’t owe Shirone anything with this.”
Canis didn’t feel particularly sorry for Shirone’s death. However, as a disciple, he felt a sense of responsibility for the sacrifice of Shirou by Arcane’s atrocities.
“Well, that’s none of my business. Anyway, I’ll tell Shirone that.”
As the situation turned strange, Amira became uneasy. Especially when it comes to dragons, it was the best organization in the kingdom, headed by Eruki’s father.
“What the hell is this trick? Do you think we will back down just because we are Mercodyns?”
If it was a Mercodyne, there was no choice but to feel intimidated. However, the families of the students gathered here were by no means lame. It was a battle of strength that was worth trying if we pushed through the numbers.
“Don’t worry about that. Because I wrote my name. If my name is written down, I don’t know what kind of prank the old man will play. Isn’t the more important thing what is written in the document here?”
“joy! Are you saying there are even magic phrases that can bring the dead back to life?”
Eruki closed the document and read it from the beginning.
“title. Opinion on immortal function and cessation of biological activity.”
Upon hearing the title, protesters flinched and shut their mouths. The people in the third-floor infirmary also pricked their ears at Eruki’s continued words.
“Analysis of a tissue cell sample from the subject. Non-mechanical apnea. No organism-specific modifications were found in samples taken after 24 hours of death. Data attached.”
Eruki moved on to the next chapter.
“Based on the above data, it can be seen that the subject’s biological activities have stopped, but it is unreasonable to extend that state to the cessation of function, that is, the absence of life.”
Eruki emphasized this part as if it were an important part.
“In dragon mine, there are three cases of cardiac arrest. First, a state in which the function of the heart has stopped. Second, a state in which the function of the heart temporarily stops. Third, a state in which the heart has not stopped but appears to have stopped phenomenally.”
Amira shouted with an absurd expression.
“What nonsense is that? I may not know the first case, but the rest makes no sense!”
Eruki turned to the next page as if he knew that.
“Explanation of usage. In a state where the function of the heart is stopped, the organism can be considered dead, but two new cases are likely to occur in the immortal function.”
In the quiet atmosphere, Eruki’s voice rose.
“Case 1. If mental expansion is being delayed by a particular event, it is possible that the body temporarily ceases to function until the conclusion of the mind is reached. Report attached.”
Eruki nodded in agreement and read the next chapter.
“Case 2. Even if mental expansion is over, there is a possibility that the observer’s time will change. In other words, life activity is normal, but it refers to a state in which the activity cannot be confirmed from the outside due to the barrier of time and space. Report attached.”
Eruki didn’t feel the need to read any further and flipped through the pages until he reached the end.
“Based on the above magical findings, the subject, who is currently lying in the infirmary… … .”
Yongleo’s opinion was put out in front of the demonstrators.
“Aryan Shirone can never be considered dead.”
All the protesters who had made so many noises remained silent. They also know because they are wizards. That there is no one who can refute the opinions analyzed by Yong-roe.
“Eruki. since when did you… … .”
Eruki looked back at Nade, who was making a blank expression, and smiled.
“how is it? A way to raise the dead that I have found.”
Nade pursed his lips shyly. There really was. way to bring the dead back to life. While everyone was sad and holding vain hopes, Eruki had been fighting alone.
“Now, check it yourself.”
Eruki gave Amira a written opinion. She took it silently and looked at the first page of her opinion. The dragon’s seal was clearly stamped.
Further struggle was futile. The kingdom’s best academic institutions are proving that teachers are right. Even if a complaint was filed, the court was likely to favor the school side.
“You have suffered a lot, Amira.”
Alpheas appeared at the entrance of the building.
“principal.”
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 106 - Geumgangseung(6) 3.txt
===============================
[106] Geumgangseung (6)
Amira’s eyes, which had been firmly planted, shook for the first time. She had a wick like steel, but she couldn’t help but melt when she saw Alpheas’ face.
Why not? He had been following him since the days when he used to pee on the blanket.
“sorry. For making you do this hard work.”
Amira lowered her head and tried to hold back the tears that were about to spill out.
“I don’t mean to hurt the headmaster. The more respected the world is, the more you shouldn’t cover up your mistakes, and if you go on like this, even school… … .”
“Why don’t you know? No one here hates you. You are the future of the school.”
Alpheas looked at Amira with pity. All the students who gathered here were like the upbringing that they had raised. I was sorry for hurting them.
Raising her head again, Amira looked at Alfeas with moist eyes. She had a benevolent smile like the one she had seen in childhood.
“Will you trust me just once? Once Shirone’s work is finished, let’s handle everything transparently. Even if any punishment is given, I will do my best to stand out in front of my beloved disciples. I will never run away.”
Hot tears ran down Amira’s cheeks.
“Are you really coming back? I respect… … .”
“then. There will be no deceit in punishing me. I promise you with the honor of a lifetime.”
Amira wiped away the tears with the back of her hand. She could never cry in front of Alfeas. She wanted to show a more mature version of herself than she did when she was younger.
“All right. Since you said that last time, the student council will accept the principal’s opinion and review the agenda again. Please do not do anything that damages your honor.”
Alpheas smiled happily. He grew up to be a wild and smart student. In a short voice of his tongue, ‘Principal Dundaeng!’ The child who ran to me while calling out has grown up like this before I knew it.
‘Erina, I guess my life wasn’t in vain either.’
When the student council president made the decision, the protesters immediately dispersed. The conservatives who occupied the entrance also scattered, leaving the front of the building deserted in an instant.
Fermi, the only one left, scratched his head shyly.
“Ah, it went well and then ruined it at the last minute.”
Alpheas burst out laughing.
“Chuck! Looks like things didn’t go your way this time, Fermi.”
“I can’t. Honestly, I think it’s against the rules for the principal to step forward.”
“Should I graduate now? You too will be twenty-two next year.”
“well. I don’t even have money to make here yet.”
“Is that so?”
I knew at least that Fermi was the key figure behind the incident. However, Alpheas was proud of being a disciple who had grown so fast.
“Besides, it’s still fun here. Enough then.”
Without saying hello, Fermi saluted and walked away. Perhaps he wouldn’t even be in the student council after today. Because peaceful places don’t make money.
Eruki and Nade, who headed to the infirmary, were silent. It was the first time we had a serious fight since five years ago, so the awkwardness still lingered. But as expected, Nade couldn’t stand this atmosphere.
“hey! How can you not say a word? You don’t have to fool me, do you? Is it just to make you look cool?”
“You are laughing. What strategy are you discussing with the guy swimming butterfly in the sea of sorrow? Besides, if the information is leaked, they will come up with the means there too. Why is your head not spinning like that?”
“Yes, I am stupid! You are very good at yourself!”
Whether he was angry or swearing, the conversation was open and the awkward feelings disappeared in an instant. Eruki asked with a worried expression.
“How are you anyway? No matter how tempered I am, should I reveal my old personality?”
Nade also covered his head as if he had a lot of regret.
“Oh, I don’t know. I didn’t even have time to think of anything else at the time. Anyway, it’s okay because we didn’t fight.”
“Because I was so cool. You may have already been erased from my memory.”
“You are laughing. Did you calculate everything after all?”
“Hey, how are you? Bow down to me.”
Their conversation ended when the door to the infirmary opened. Amy was out to meet her. Eruki scratched his head embarrassingly. As for Nade, it was still difficult for him to treat Amy comfortably.
“Well, once it happened like this. Anyway, since Shirone was protected… … .”
Tears flowed from Amy’s eyes just as she was about to gloss over it.
“thank you. Thank you, Eruki… … .”
Eruki put on a terrified expression.
“Sheesh, it’s okay.”
Emotionally weak, he entered the infirmary as if running away. But there, another mass of emotions, Seriel, was waiting with his arms wide open.
Eruki escaped from Seriel’s arms and took refuge in Shirone with the weaving technique of boxing.
‘Oh, this is why women hate it.’
Seriel and Amy, who met at the door, hugged each other and started running. In addition, Nade joined in and went round and round in the infirmary.
“Wow! live! Shirone is alive now!”
In the bright atmosphere of the tide, a soft smile appeared on Eruki’s lips. But her heart wasn’t very good. The death was postponed on paper, but nothing improved.
Shirone is still motionless as if asleep. Even after graduation, the promise to be together was vivid, but it did not feel real that the person concerned was dead.
‘Come back. I’ll wait forever.’
* * *
Shirone regained his sanity. To be precise, in a mad state, he went mad again. His mind was repeating normality and madness like a rapidly spinning coin between the N and S poles.
I was crazy a thousand times. She desperately tried to hold on to her spirit that was about to be overturned, but the huge stimulus that surged infiltrated into Shirone’s essence and changed her disposition.
“You are a given child. Your parents would have been fine with anyone other than you. Was there ever a hard time while raising you? I would have regretted it every time. I mean, I just picked it up. If it were my real parents, I wouldn’t have thought of this.”
“no! It can’t be!”
“You must be an illegitimate child. Anyone in this world can be adopted. They are not your parents.”
The cries of the soul spread as the particles of Shirone shook.
Oh oh oh oh!
“Your essence is a sneaky predator. An existence that tramples everyone with superior abilities. Your strength inevitably causes someone to fail. You are a tumor unnecessary to the world.”
Oh oh oh oh!
Shirone went crazy again. I felt like I was stinking from my mind. When the union ends like this, what will I be reconstructed into? devil? Yasha? devil? It was unknown.
The speed of impact has accelerated even more. As soon as the limit was reached, two tendencies began to coexist in Shirone’s head, which rotated from pole to pole.
It was a new world.
In an extreme mental state that no drug can reach, Shirone has finally found the only solution to maintain her sanity.
That was the starting point.
If the boundary of the cycle is called the limit, the origin is the starting point of the limit. But it contained possibilities that encompassed the entire world.
Some people call it a spot. Some call it the Spirit Zone. Some say Taegeuk. But the sorcerer called it like this.
infinite.
Shirone’s eyes widened. The spirit zone was sucked into my head, and countless particles that were scattered at superlight speed began to be restored to my mental body.
At the center of infinity, Shirone did not waver. As the voice that had been tormenting him disappeared, the intensity of his psychic body tightened like an adamantine.
The realm of gold medallion that can be reached after thousands of agony.
It was a gold mine.
Shirone gazed at the exit with a radiantly burning body. There was no more confusion. As he moved his stride, the warm, bright light of the exit penetrated his body and became one.
A small, transparent glass marble floated in front of his eyes. Inside the marble, small enough to fit in the palm of your hand, was the temple you had just stayed in, where a woman was looking up at Shirone.
“You are leaving at last. Shirone.”
“sorry. But I want to go back.”
“You don’t have to be sorry. Because I honestly thought it wouldn’t work. You deserve it.”
I didn’t expect that the woman would let go, so my steps to leave were rather heavy. Is that why? Even though she knew it had nothing to do with it, Shirone had no choice but to ask.
“Have you ever been lonely?”
The woman blinked with a puzzled expression, then smiled warmly.
“Shirone is a kind person. But God doesn’t feel alone. I’m just a little sad that you’re leaving. Very little.”
“Thank you for bringing me back to life. I really wanted to tell you this.”
For an instant, the woman’s expression became serious.
“Remember. There are no second chances. You, who have reached the stage of Vajrapani, are no longer worthy of being invited by me.”
Shirone nodded as if resolving and moved toward the exit. I felt a warm light as my mind began to be sucked into another dimension of time and space.
‘It’s finally back.’
A woman’s voice was heard in the distance.
-Please say hello to the principal.
Even in a clouded state, Shirone was suspicious. How does she know Principal Alfeas? However, her thoughts didn’t last long and she was sucked into Shirone’s body as her mental body melted away.
* * *
The 10th day of Shirone’s death.
“Mmm.”
Amy woke up rubbing her sleepy eyes. I heard her crunch as I leaned her back from her seated position in her chair. She stayed up all night, so it felt like her brain was still asleep even though her body was moving.
Looking around, the other friends haven’t woken up yet. After drinking her water and washing her face, she approached Shirone while wiping her face with a towel.
“Shirone. I will come back today… … .”
Amy groaned and held her breath. The sound of her heart beating reached her eardrums. A shudder ran up her spine and quivered down her shoulders, neck and face.
Shirone opened her eyes.
“uh? uh?”
Amy called Nade and Eruki, who were sleeping on a blanket on the floor.
“Hey, here… … here, here… … .”
No words came out. I should at least make a sound, but it felt like my throat was clogged. Amy tried a last resort. Taking a deep breath, she closed her eyes tightly and exclaimed.
“Quaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!”
Nade and Eruki jumped up at the sound of screams that seemed to leave the infirmary.
“what! what!”
to everyday life (1)
Alpheas calmed his shaking heart and held out his hand. When he saw Shirone open his eyes, even he, a certified 4th-class magician, couldn’t help but be surprised.
Currently, Shirone is under the slow magic. He probably spent the whole night just lifting his eyelids. The only way to know if he was really alive was to break the spell.
Alpheas put his hand on Shirone’s chest and turned back time. However, Shirone still showed no signs of moving. No one could have guessed what happened next. I have no choice but to follow the will of heaven.
“Huh!”
Then, Shirone breathed in and raised her upper body. The faces of the people watching nervously brightened. Shirone, on the other hand, was terrified, like someone who came back alive from hell.
“what? What happened?”
Shirone was stunned by the sudden amount of air. The world seen in the slow state was an abstract painting full of colors. As the landscape returned to normal, people’s faces were visible. Amy and her friends were crying behind Alfeas.
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 107 - To daily life(2) 8.txt
===============================
[107] To daily life (2)
From Shirone’s point of view, not much time had passed. After entering Immortal Function, he met a woman and all he did was get out through a black hole. But in reality, it had already been 10 days.
Shirone smiled awkwardly and raised his hand.
“haha. hi?”
“Sounds like hello, you jerk!”
“Aww!”
Amy turned Shirone’s face into a fist. There was no shock from her, but Shirone, who collapsed on the bed pushed by her power, looked back with a teary face.
“ouch! What’s wrong with you all of a sudden?”
Amy shed tears like chicken droppings.
“You bastard, worrying me like this… … You bastard!”
Shirone put on a blank expression. Everything was rushed and embarrassing. But he soon realized something and smiled warmly. Amy’s tears spoke of what had happened.
“Sorry. because of me… … .”
“Shirone is back!”
Nade and Eruki pushed Amy forward and buried Shirone in the bed. Amy, unintentionally thrown into Shirone’s arms, shouted with her blushing face.
“Kyaaak! Hey, go away!”
“OMG! it hurts! It hurts!”
Shirone also screamed in pain. In fact, it was more embarrassing than painful. Thinking that he wouldn’t be able to look at Amy later, he twisted as hard as he could, and his friends fell to the ground.
“Whoa, what the hell is it?”
Sitting on the bed, Shirone looked like a refugee who had been bombed. On the floor, the fallen Amy caressed her sore back, nagging at Nade and Eruki.
“It’s a grandiose welcome. After all, being young is good.”
Shirone looked at Alfeas and corrected her expression. His presence alone made it clear how serious the situation was.
Shirone asked Nade what he was most curious about.
“What happened to Arcane? What about other friends? What the hell happened?”
Nade, who had been nagging Amy, shouted with an absurd expression.
“It doesn’t matter now! You’ve been dead for ten days!”
“what? 10 days? Is it dead too?”
“Of course not, man! My heart is not beating, how can I be alive? Please explain what happened.”
Shirone seemed shocked and couldn’t speak for a while. She should tell you what she’s been through, but he doesn’t know where to start.
The door to the infirmary opened and the teachers entered. Siena makes a surprised expression when she sees that Shirone is awake. She was, of course, someone who prayed earnestly for her to come back to life, but when she saw her, she was shocked.
Although she did not realize infinity like Shirone, she had a vague idea of how terrible and painful it is for a human being to come back from a disintegrated mind.
‘Still, you’re back. Thank you.’
Siena smiled and glanced sideways at Ethella. She was the one who had been haunted by her immense guilt for 10 days. As expected, she approached Shirone with a face about to cry.
“Shirone.”
“Sir, I am sorry. I again… … .”
Ethella hugged Shirone to her chest without even hearing her words.
“sorry. It’s my fault. Even if you paid a little more attention. It will never happen again.”
To the friends, it was a beautiful hug between the priests, but from the point of view of Shirone, it was to die for. Ethella hugged her so tightly that she couldn’t breathe. Her shame aside, she really felt like she was suffocating.
“I-over there, sir… … .”
“huh?”
“Sorry. Help me.”
“Oh my!”
Ethella hurriedly removed herself when she heard a snort from Shirone.
“sorry. I’m so happy that I don’t even know… … .”
Shirone drew in a breath with a tired face. But this feeling was also temporal. The fact that he came back is just as good, he said with a smile.
“Now I feel like I’m back.”
Realizing her mistake as her friends’ eyes widened, Shirone hurriedly shook her hand.
“No, I’m not like that because of that. So this… … .”
“You son of a bitch, what are you doing?”
Amy ran over and pulled Shirone’s cheek.
“why? Am I not that realistic? huh?”
“no! I don’t mean that!”
Nade and Eruki burst into laughter. Alpheas watched with delight as Shirone was hanging out with her friends, then sneaked out of her infirmary without anyone noticing. From now on, the person to be busiest was himself.
“principal.”
When I looked back, Shirone, who had escaped before I knew it, was closing the door to the infirmary and walking towards me.
“What is it? I think it’s best to rest for a while. Listen to the progress from your friends. It seems that schools will be closed for the time being anyway.”
“Yes, thank you for caring. however… … I have a question for you.”
“huh? Are you curious?”
Shirone told everything about what she had been through. From the moment he entered the realm of infinity to how he returned to his original world through a black hole.
At first, Alpheas also listened with interest. But as the story progressed, he gradually hardened his face. Especially when Shirone explained the woman’s abilities, she closed her eyes and sighed.
“Did she say she knew me?”
“yes. I asked the principal to say hello. It’s a hazy memory, but I think that’s how I heard it.”
I wondered if Shirone had brought up something useless. Alpheas’ expression was much worse than expected.
“Yeah, I think you know who it is.”
“yes? You know?”
Shirone’s eyes widened. Alpheas is obviously an excellent wizard, but the woman was staying in a place beyond life. It was strange that he had met two people who lived in different worlds.
However, Alpheas thought differently. Necessity, not coincidence. It was decided that Shirone met her from the moment he realized her immortal function.
“Who the hell is that woman?”
“Adrias Miro. At the time, it was called the Labyrinth of Time and Space. He is my disciple who majored in scale magic.”
Shirone put on a blank expression. He never dreamed that he would have been a disciple of Alpheas. She was particularly shocked when she found out that her powers, which she thought were divine powers, were actually magic.
“What is scale magic?”
Alpheas scratched his eyebrows as he chose the words to explain.
“Shirone. In the wizarding community, those who have reached the immortal function are called Unlockers.”
“yes. I have heard of it.”
“Then it would be easy. The maze is also an unlocker. Ever since I was little, I had a great sense of inquiry. She dug endlessly. A world larger than the universe, a world smaller than a particle. Scale magic is magic that can only be used by those who have realized the infinity of time and space.”
Shirone remembered the time she met Miro. Certainly, her main ability, the glass marble, freely expressed the relativity of time and space.
“Miro said he had been watching me all along. Is that possible?”
“No need to worry. Miro is staying in a different dimension from you. However, when the immortal function is opened, it may instantly reach the same dimension. Miro must have been waiting for that moment.”
“But why was it me? Unlockers are rare, but according to Arcane, I’ve heard that they’re not too few. There must be many unlockers who are better than me.”
Alpheas stroked his beard and took a break. What I am going to tell you about now is a top secret that no one knows except for teachers who have worked for more than 20 years.
“Miro is the first president of the Supernatural Psychic Research Society.”
Shirone recalled Miro’s face. It is surprising that he is the one who created the research society he is currently in, but he seems to have hardly aged even though he was the first president almost 20 years ago.
“Miro is not obsessed with phenomena. I saw that there are so many things that cannot be explained with knowledge. Together with his classmates, he opened a research society in Istas. Mikea Gaold, the current head of the Tormia Magic Association, is also one of the early members.”
Shirone imagined the members at the time. According to Nade, the master key of the magic warehouse, Estas, was created by the same Servant as Eruki. It wouldn’t be Maze, and it wouldn’t be Gaold either. I could roughly guess how talented the early members were.
While Shirone was lost in thought, Alfeas also recalled what happened 18 years ago. He was a good kid. If only it wasn’t for the events of that day. Suddenly realizing that he had forgotten something, he looked back at Shirone.
“Shirone, do you know how many students there are in total?”
As if he didn’t ask to hear an answer, Alpheas immediately continued.
“Of course, the total number is always changing. Because someone graduates, takes a leave of absence, and gets disciplined. But no matter how many members there are, this school always lacks one person.”
Alpheas turned his head out the window and said.
“Miro didn’t graduate. I am still staying at this school.”
Shirone swallowed his saliva. It was like hearing a ghost story passed down from school to school. But what does it mean to stay? Didn’t she say that she lived in another dimension?
At that moment, the scale magic appeared in Shirone’s head.
“Then please… … ?”
Alpheas nodded and said.
“okay. The labyrinth is in Estas. Of course, it is a higher dimension created by scale magic. People who know it call it the Upper Level.”
Alpheas put his hand on Shirone’s shoulder.
“Shirone, promise me. I decided not to tell anyone about today. The upper echelons are not for you to know. Never, never get involved in the upper echelons. It could throw the world into chaos.”
Shirone did not immediately respond. the world of unknown. unlocker. scale magic. All the information was shaking his mind. Of course, I have no intention of stepping into a dangerous place. But to say he would never get involved would be a lie in any way.
Alpheas sighed as if he knew that.
“If you want to know more about the maze, I will at least allow you to investigate the Kergo Ruins. I am not suggesting this to placate you. It’s too dangerous to break into the upper levels right away. So please keep this.”
Shirone then nodded. There must have been a reason for Alpheas to be so strict. Also, it was the same as he wanted to approach step by step.
“all right. But he is spooked to think that he is staying in Istas. I don’t think he’ll be able to sleep at the study meeting. He might appear out of nowhere.”
“Don’t worry. Miro will never leave the space he created.”
Shirone tilted her head. Being so sure meant having a way to prove it.
“But you are a very good person. Is there any special reason?”
Alpheas looked out the window with a sad expression. He didn’t say anything with certainty. But he knew the maze would never return.
“To Miro, this world is… … Because it hurts so much.”
* * *
Alpheas, Canis, and Arin left for Basuka, the capital, to be investigated by the Magic Association. According to the teachers, the temporary closure will continue until the association’s decision is made.
Shirone was admitted to the infirmary. He hadn’t had a heartbeat for 10 days, so it was the medical staff’s judgment to watch the progress. Shirone also didn’t want to do anything for the time being, so he was killing time with his friends.
“Shirone, I’m sorry. I was very sad.”
Seriel said with a tearful smile. The one thing she regrets the most after she regains her memory is that she savagely pushed him the day Shirone bought her coffee.
“no. It’s because of magic. Seriel sunbaenim didn’t do anything wrong.”
“Anyway, how could I forget you?”
“It’s really okay. Don’t take it to heart too much.”
Seriel’s eyes softened like those of a deer.
“Shirone is really friendly. So what are you going to do now? Are you going to claim my body?”
“yes?”
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 108 - To daily life(3) 1.txt
===============================
[108] To everyday life (3)
Shirone’s face turned into an embarrassment. The reaction of his friends was no different. Amy shook her head and said, putting her hand between her brows.
“Seriel, what books are you reading these days?”
“huh! This one!”
Seriel pulled out a novel as if she had been waiting. On the painty red cover was the title 《Primal Lasso》.
“This is the hottest book on the bookstore these days. It’s about a married nobleman falling in love with a lady-in-waiting, and lines like this come out there. I broke your plate. What are you going to do now? Are you going to claim my body? So after her nobleman tied her up with her rope… … .”
“stop! it’s okay. All the way!”
Amy raised her hand to stop it. I felt like I couldn’t go any further.
“what’s the matter? From now on, this is a fun part.”
“Seriel, no matter how much you like fiction, please don’t confuse it with reality. Such books are meant to captivate readers with primary colors and stimuli.”
“joy! yes you don’t see If you read it once, you will fall in love with this world. Shall I lend you this while you’re talking?”
When Seriel held out the «Primal Lasso», Amy hurriedly turned her head away. She said that if she granted her request, she would suffer from her comments for at least a week.
Shirone leaned back on the cushion and said.
“ha. Today is the last day in the infirmary. Thank you for coming all this time. Senior Seriel too.”
“What a sad sound. To be honest, I was dying from studying for my senior year. It was nice that Amy and I could breathe.”
Amy didn’t deny it either. The stress was at its peak because of competing for rankings every day. As such, the temporary school closure was like a sweet rain for the seniors.
Seriel said with a gloomy expression.
“But the principal is worried. To be honest, this decision was unexpected. It’s a matter that can be handled by Creas Autonomous District, but you said you’d be supervised by the Magic Association yourself.”
Alpheas voluntarily filed the complaint. As he had a high reputation on the continent, he could have done away with the situation, but he accepted all the arguments of the student council. In the end, the agenda was passed on to the 3rd Division of the Inspection, which was said to be the most vicious in the Magic Association.
“The 3rd Inspection Department is called the special prosecutor even in the Magic Association. It’s a personal connection and whatever, they say they follow the law unconditionally. Even Principal Alpheas will not be able to avoid discipline.”
Shirone thought it was a good thing.
“The principal lived with pain for 40 years. I think accepting discipline is a good thing, if this opportunity can lighten the burden even a little.”
said Nade.
“For now, let’s watch the progress. Who are we worried about? It’s Alpheas, a certified 4th-class wizard. I’ll be busy again after the school closure, so let’s take a break while we can.”
“huh. That would be great.”
Shirone looked back at the window.
The afternoon sun was coming in with a languid light.
* * *
capital Baska.
The view of Baska from the underground mountain range was a structure in which the royal castle rose as if to pierce the sky, and the core institutions spread like concentric circles around it. Residents of the capital say that the building that can be seen when looking down from the underground mountain range is the institution that symbolizes the nation.
One of them was the Magic Association. The 18-story building was the central part of the country, managing the affairs of all wizards registered in the kingdom of Tormia, and even supervising the Wizard Society’s surveillance and intelligence missions through links with other organizations.
It is a place that any magician would like to visit at least once, but Thaad, who was chosen as the leader of Alpheas and Canis, felt like a cow being led to a slaughterhouse.
“Master, is this really the best?”
“It is what I wanted. My only regret is that I dragged it on too long.”
Alpheas’s determination was firm. Thaad also did not ask with any expectations. However, he only wanted to reaffirm his master’s will because once he crossed the threshold of the association, he could not go back.
“All right. Then I will wait until the trial is over.”
Alpheas had a happy expression. After taking Canis and Arin, he surrendered himself to the inspection department, and the three of them were locked in private rooms and waited for a day.
When the next day came, Alfeas entered the investigation room first. In the meantime, Canis and Arin were waiting for their turn in a quarantine facility covered with magic devices. The Magic Control Device makes it impossible to enter the Spirit Zone. But on top of that, even Harvest was not active.
After about 3 hours, the call order was dropped.
“Canis, Arin. come out.”
Although the charges have not yet been officially proven, Magic Association officials have already treated the two as criminals. It must have been because he had heard the report from Alfeas, who had completed the investigation first.
Canis and Arin silently followed the instructions. As I entered the corridor where the investigation room was located, I saw Alpheas walking from the other side. Canis thought to pass by him indifferently. But right before they crossed each other, Alfeas looked back at the jailer and said,
“I’m sorry, could you give me a minute to talk?”
“Ah yes. But not too long.”
Canis snorted at the guard’s completely different attitude from her own. The reason Alpheas is treated well is not because he is strong, but because he is famous. It made me feel bad that he, who was inferior to Arcane in terms of his magic skills, was taking the leeway of a winner.
As the guards avoided their seats, Alpheas spoke.
“There is nothing to be too nervous about. You just have to answer a few questions and come out.”
“Aren’t you mistaken? We are not the meek students you teach. fought countless battles No matter what happens, there is nothing to be afraid of.”
Canis, who had gone through all the hardships on the battlefield, definitely had something that kids her age didn’t have. However, because he lived such a life, there were many things he lost. Alpheas wanted to give it back to the two who still had a bright future.
“Actually, that’s why I asked to see you.”
“What are you talking about?”
“If this is over, why don’t you go to magic school?”
Canis felt like she had been ripped off by swearing. Doesn’t he know how he lived? He told me to mix with the flowers in the greenhouse as he learned magic while crossing life and death.
“Do not be ridiculous. I didn’t lose because Master was weak. If it wasn’t for Abyss Nova, no, if we were officially attached, I could have blown you and the like in one shot.”
“It could have been.”
Alpheas accepted it meekly.
“But if it hadn’t been that way, I might have gotten down on my knees first and begged for fault.”
Canis bit her lip. What he said was unacceptable, but he couldn’t even refute it.
“Canis, that is what evil is. No matter how good the reason is, it is bound to be hated. you can go higher I want to give you a bright future, not a dark one.”
“Why do you care about me? Do you sympathize?”
“I was also a disciple of Arcane. That would be the death penalty for you. Just as time cannot be turned back, relationships last forever. I will help you if you want to live a new life.”
Canis didn’t respond. Now, what’s the point of a new life? The only thing he learned was combat, so he had no choice but to live on the battlefield.
As Alpheas walked away from the corridor, the guard grabbed Canis and Arin again and dragged them to the interrogation room. Contrary to what I had imagined in Inferno’s prison, the investigation room was neat and tidy. A small man was sitting at the table with his back to him. From the back, there was nothing to confirm other than that it was silver hair.
“Inspector, these are the suspects in this case, Canis and Arin.”
“Oh, come this way.”
A ghastly voice like sharpening iron. As a person running around the scene of the notorious Inspection Division 3, I felt the energy like a blade. Canis and Arin turned around the table and sat down facing the investigator. Contrary to expectations, it was not a scary impression. He had a pointed chin like a cat’s and smiled with thin narrow eyes.
“My name is Sakiri, an inspector from the 3rd Inspection Division. Canis and Arin, are you the right person?”
“you’re right.”
Canis replied calmly. But there was no answer from Arin. Canis turned his head and asked, not wanting to offend the inspector.
“Arin, what’s wrong?”
Arin was trembling with a pale face. Canis grasped the situation by the fact that Arin’s pupils looking at her Sakiri were shaking in her shock.
‘What did you see that surprised you so much?’
“Canis, I can’t read… … .”
There is no way Arin, who is in menarche, cannot read the feelings of things. Therefore, she was originally saying that she had no feelings or that she had artificially erased them.
In fact, the way Arin looked at Sakiri was bizarre. Her entire body was made of metal as smooth as a mirror, and her egg-shaped face had no features. Her hands and feet were conical, making it impossible to read even the slightest emotion. She was in the form of menarche, which can only come out when her emotions are completely blocked.
“Gee, the lady must have been surprised. She says menarche, is that it? I blocked the magic, but there is no way to block the unique trait. Of course, I don’t think the two of you will go on a rampage.”
Sakiri put down the pen and crossed her legs, as if interested.
Arin watched as the conical legs twisted. It was twisting and untwisting like a pretzel.
‘This person is playing around.’
It’s not just suppressing emotions. He was someone who had complete control over his emotions.
“Concentration.”
Arin raised his head. The inspector’s mirror-smooth face stretched into a pointed cone, reaching just in front of her forehead.
“Please do it. For now, it’s because I’m on duty. Arin, is that right?”
“Yes, that’s right.”
Arin, terrified, didn’t even know he had answered. Her sharp cone aimed at her forehead is probably Sakiri’s fierce gaze. It was the first time that menarche was revealed in such a neat form. It occurred to me that if any criminal were caught by this man, he would not be able to break even a bone.
Canis and Arin finally faced reality. It was a situation that was caught by the most powerful and authoritative judicial institution in the kingdom. As the two of them waited in dismay, Sakiri’s face, which had been pointed like a needle, returned to a smooth metallic egg shape.
“Well, based on Mr. Alfeas’ statement, I wrote a police report, but there are a few things I need to check. Please answer my question.”
Sakiri checked several points through Q&A. Arin and Canis answered honestly. After an hour had passed, Sakiri said with a satisfied expression as she organized the files.
“yes. Most of the statements agree. There are some things I don’t like, but it’s not particularly important.”
It was too complacent to say that it came from the mouth of an inspector from the Inspection Department. However, Sakiri leaned back against the back of the chair as if it was not a big deal and continued.
“After all, isn’t it some kind of brainwashing? So that’s it. Arcane used your miserable life to brainwash you from childhood.”
“what?”
Canis’ eyes tightened. I’d rather be called a villain. Sakiri’s remarks were no different from completely denying the roots of Canis’s life.
“Master never forced me to do anything. I did it, and I did it.”
Arin, who knew the strength of an investigator, was nervous when Canis got angry. However, Sakiri’s form, seen through menarche, was still unchanged.
“It is a vicious tactic. After saving them and making them respect them, they say this. I need something like this, but of course I don’t necessarily want you to do it.”
Canis didn’t know what the investigator was talking about. He himself came to this place to pay for his sins. But now he’s brainwashed. Is he thinking of putting him in a mental hospital?
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 109 - To daily life(4) 6.txt
===============================
[109] To daily life (4)
“So what are you asking me to do? What difference does admitting to being brainwashed make?”
“Yeah… … They will be acquitted, both of them.”
Canis’ expression went blank. He himself followed Arcane to break out a criminal from Inferno. He was also responsible for endangering the lives of hundreds of wizarding schools. Even if he wasn’t the main instigator, it was a verdict that could never come out of his innocence.
“innocence… … Called? we?”
“Oh, of course, if you admit to being brainwashed. After all, the current association is focusing on the possibility of brainwashing.”
If you admit it, you will be released. become free Both herself and Arin can live a new life as if nothing had happened.
This time, Canis’s blood was also dry. What was most strange was the association’s judgment. Why is there a fuss about releasing criminals when it is not enough to catch them?
“Oh, and one more thing.”
Sakiri looked through the files as if she had just remembered. Maybe he really did. After all, Arin couldn’t read the investigator’s feelings.
“Arcane’s exclusive lawyer sent an official letter. She requested anonymity, but the notarization is over. Let’s take a look. These are documents related to his property details, will and inheritance.”
“history?”
Sakiri pushed the papers on the table as if no words were needed.
Canis checked each one with trembling hands. Arcane’s will was nothing special. In his plain handwriting, he merely wrote down matters to be dealt with after death.
Among them was this phrase:
[Document] Transferred all property to Canis
‘Master… … .’
In fact, I didn’t think that he was a warm-hearted person or that he secretly took care of his disciples. Rather, he was a person who confidently pushed forward his beliefs, so there was no lie in his attitude toward him.
Arcane proved that fact in his will. He was someone who didn’t care about the lives of his students, but he still considered Canis as his only student.
After putting down the will, Canis checked the details of her property.
Real estate including various dungeons, items such as magic equipment, expensive artifacts and rare herbs, and the amount deposited in the bank were clearly organized.
‘1, 10, 100, 1,000, 10,000… … .’
Canis counted the total of the property listed at the end.
‘4.8 billion gold… … .’
Even if it was the wealth that Archmage Arcane had accumulated over 150 years, it was a huge sum of money. As such, Canis couldn’t understand the current situation. He suddenly said he was innocent, and he was saying that this time he became the heir to a legacy of 4.8 billion gold.
Sakiri scratched her head as if embarrassed.
“By the way, there are actually some problems. The reason why Arcane inherited the inheritance from Canis-kun must have been the recognition of his disciple. But in the Magic Society, so that’s what a kind of brainwashing is, isn’t it? It’s injecting a false ego. In the end, I think Canis was tricked by Arcane. Otherwise, you wouldn’t be able to commit such a heinous thing, right? That’s why the association is somehow reviewing the acquittal. But then… … .”
“No inheritance? Because you’re not Arcane’s disciple?”
Sakiri put on a mild expression for the first time. Of course, menarche did not change as much as the tip of a hair.
“yes. There’s just that part. This is because the target that Arcane inherits is the brainwashed Canis, not the unbrainwashed Canis. In the end, this money will go over to illegal funds and be returned to the association, but I want to hear Canis-kun’s thoughts before that. If you admit to being brainwashed, you will be acquitted. And all you have to do is sign here.”
Sakiri held out an additional document. Canis looked at it with empty eyes.
memorandum of renunciation.
Admitting that you have been brainwashed makes you innocent. It’s because he’s just a victim of being used by Arcane. However, if that happened, the property that Arcane had inherited would pass into the hands of others.
In the end, the association chose the practicality of 4.8 billion gold rather than catching two youngsters.
“I can give you time, but it could adversely affect the trial. It is because it becomes a heart that doubts the arbitrariness of the crime. does it actually make sense? Of course I was brainwashed. Otherwise, would Canis-kun and Arin-kun commit such a heinous crime?”
My mind went blank. He thought he wasn’t afraid to die fighting. However, the investigator says he is not guilty. He apparently did something bad, but he says he never did.
‘This place is no different from Radum.’
The outside world was also not a hothouse with the sun beating down on it. It was just a battlefield where huge desires swirled around under the guise of law.
When Canis hesitated to answer, Sakiri clicked her tongue and stood up.
“Then give me some time. about an hour… … .”
“I will sign.”
Sakiri, her knees half-extended, stopped moving. Then he smiled again and sat down in his chair.
“Good idea. Alright then here… … .”
Sakiri handed over the fountain pen she used. Canis put her name on the signature line of the waiver.
With a creak, the pen scraped the paper. Sakiri accepted the pen with a hearty smile and confirmed the memorandum.
“Congratulations on being free. It is said that the yard is over, but it was a good choice. If I had hired a lawyer, things would have been more complicated.”
be a lawyer I didn’t even think about it. Maybe I should have hired a lawyer?
No, Sakiri wasn’t lying.
If the Magic Association had been a good place, they wouldn’t have brought in a waiver from the beginning.
“What shall we do now?”
“well. Well, you can leave once. Because I am free.”
Canis and Arin were literally dog hair. However, as if Sakiri didn’t care, she just packed the documents and turned around.
“Where are the release procedures… … .”
“There is nothing like that. You can just go.”
Canis was able to see what was going on inside her attitude, as if she was kicking out a troublesome traveling salesman.
From the beginning, the Magic Association didn’t even look at them. It was only about 2 hours to take care of the hassle to get back Arcane’s property.
What was more miserable than having his pride hurt was the strength of the association, which he knew but could not help. I could feel with my skin what a great person Arcane was, who fought proudly with the nations of the continent.
Canis regained his composure. Now it has become self-evident. He himself is a battle mage. And since he knew how to fight, he had no more hesitation.
“Hey, you.”
Sakiri turned her head in front of the door.
“Did you call?”
“Are you a wizard too?”
“Hmm, you can say that. All the staff of the Magic Association are wizards.”
“What grade are you in?”
“It’s official 5th grade, right?”
Canis could imagine the enemy’s level. The Magic Association’s investigator was a certified 5th grade, and he was such a man.
“I will not end here. I will never sit down like this.”
“okay. It should be. Then let’s go.”
“Someday definitely… … I will make you my subordinate.”
Sakari, who was turning the doorknob, stopped moving. And after thinking for a moment, she turned to Canis and smiled thinly.
“You must study hard for that. In fact, the competition for this position is not usually fierce. But if that kind of situation comes… … .”
Sakiri put her right hand on her chest and said.
“I wish you well at that time.”
Despite the investigator’s unusual attitude, Canis did not respond. I just realized how thoroughly pragmatic Sakiri was. It doesn’t cost money to bow your head once. After all, no one knows the future.
As Sakiri left, Arin turned to Canis with a smile. There was nothing wrong with her, since she was acquitted anyway. What could be better than rotting her whole life in prison with 4.8 billion gold in her arms?
“Canis, you made a good choice.”
“Oh my god… … There are many strong people.”
The corners of Canis’s mouth went up slightly. Now that he had a new goal, his heart was beating as intensely as when he first met Arcane.
“Arin, let’s become stronger.”
“huh… … .”
Arin looked at the door Sakiri had left. Canis will come back here someday. Because this is not the end for them, she too could move towards her future.
After leaving the investigation room, Sakiri went straight to the inspector’s office. Compared to the seriousness of the situation, the work was done easily. It was great that Arcane died. There was no legal conflict, and Alfeas’ admission of guilt was also a major factor.
The inspector’s office was a luxurious room with a marble floor. A man called the Iron Inspector, a legend of the Inspection Division 3, was looking out the window with his hands behind his back.
“Inspector General, these are the settlement documents for this case.”
“Leave it on the desk.”
Sakiri put the folder on the desk. Normally, I would go back like this, but this time I couldn’t suppress my curiosity and turned around in front of the door.
“Is the Alpheas gun okay?”
“why? Do you think something will come out from the upper level?”
“Six months of suspension is on the weak side. But the words don’t seem to come out. If this happened 40 years ago, there was no intention of injury, and the 4.8 billion gold is converted into jewelry, I think it’s an appropriate agreement.”
“Then why do you ask?”
Asking back meant as expected. Sakiri smacked her lips as if she scratched it for no reason. However, since the words came out, reversing them was also a handshake.
“I wonder if the meaning of atonement is involved.”
The inspector was silent for a long time. Then he slowly turned and looked at Sakiri.
“I did feel sorry for Alpheas. But he never determined the punishment of a sinner by personal feelings.”
“sorry. I made a mistake.”
“Stop going out and see.”
Sakiri was at a loss and hurriedly left the inspector’s office. He is a notorious investigator for criminals, but at the Society he is just a wizard watching his superiors.
The inspector opened the file. After examining the sentences meticulously, he took out a fountain pen and held it to the approval column. Countless memories passed through my mind. Now he too is a gray-haired old man, but when he recalls that time, he still feels a throbbing pain in his jaw from being beaten at Alpheas’s house.
“Sheesh. That’s why I should have brought a present.”
He had never visited Alpheas since he made a mistake with Erina, but he lived without accepting the fact that he had lost.
However, over the past 40 years, the photon quantum theory continues to evolve and innovate, changing the world even at this very moment.
He had no choice but to admit how much genius Alfeas had accomplished at the time.
“haha. It’s a belated gift. The Gold Circle belongs to you.”
The inspector inscribed his signature on the document.
Ardiano Sarov.
Report card at the end of the semester (1)
The end of the semester, the most tense time for magic school students, has returned. The achievements of half a year are implied on a single sheet of paper. It was a terrifying cut-off like a guillotine that decided promotion and failure.
Alpheas was sentenced to 6 months of suspension from the Magic Association. The legal effect came into effect from the next semester, and currently, Collie, the eldest among the teachers, was temporarily acting principal.
While clearing the weeds in the flower bed, Alfeas stretched his back and smiled. Cute disciples were walking from afar. Shirone, Eruki, and Nade. Now, they were troublemakers that everyone knew at school, but that’s why they were more promising children.
“Hello, Headmaster.”
“haha. Didn’t I tell you not to call me principal? Now he is just a grandfather doing his chores.”
“no way. After half a year, you’re the principal again.”
Alpheas just laughed. He is still grateful to his disciples for supporting him, but on the other hand, he does not stand on the side of the thought that he is undeserved.
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 110 - Report card at the end of the semester (2) 2.txt
===============================
[110] Report card at the end of the semester (2)
“okay. How are you? Doesn’t it taste like you’re going to die after the school closure is over?”
Nade’s face quickly turned into a tear-stain.
“I think I am going crazy. I have to get 80 points or more in all subjects for the rest of the period, but it’s to die for.”
“Chuck! Would you like to take this opportunity to get a promotion?”
The only way to get from Class Five to Class Four was to score 80 or better in all subjects. The difficulty level was the highest in that the average score was not 80 points.
“of course. If you’re a student, don’t you think of it?”
“Indeed, it is. Well, do you want to try hard?”
Nade, who was expecting words of encouragement, made a puzzled expression. However, Alfeas’ education policy was firm. Students are not racehorses. If you let it loose on her meadow, it will learn its worth.
“Can we help you?”
Shirone rolled up her sleeves and came over to help pull the weeds.
“Heh heh, I can’t take away the old man’s only pleasure. I will pull the weeds, so you guys do what you want.”
Nade’s eyes showed a hint of disappointment. The thought of trying to escape from reality for a little while as an excuse to pull weeds was in vain.
“yes. Then, have a good time at work.”
The faces of Shirone and the others returned to their lodgings with worry. It was the same with other students. The school was still cluttered after the Arcane attack, and it was not easy to concentrate on studying like before.
Frustrated, Nade burst into a tantrum.
“ah. Going crazy. I have to study. study! study! I can’t concentrate.”
“Originally, if you explode once, other things are out of your hands. It was like that even after the presentation was over.”
Shirone let out a deep sigh at Eruki’s words.
“You are better than me though. I have twice as many subjects as you guys that I need to raise above 80 points. I don’t know if that’s possible.”
“The only advantage I have is math. The humanities department is called a bakery. In that sense, Nade is the most advantageous.”
“What are you talking about? I don’t have a particularly strong subject. Shirone and you will definitely aim for the top in practical skills, but I can’t even do that, so I’m at the worst.”
In the practical test of Class Five, the main evaluation item was the operation of the spirit zone rather than magic. If it’s Immortal Function’s Shirone and Servant Syndrome’s Eruki, it’s possible to rank higher in any practical skill. On the other hand, Nade was in a position to compete in the same spirit zone as other students.
“The more I think about it, the more my head hurts. Shall we just rest until today and start tomorrow?”
Nade’s suggestion was neither affirmed nor denied. Seeing that even the exemplary Shirone kept her mouth shut, it seemed that her morale had waned.
“what? Guys, over there… … .”
When Shirone pointed towards Central Park, Nade and Eruki turned their heads and their eyes widened.
“what? How are they here?”
Canis and Arin were walking around the campus. Then, when I met eyes with Shirone and the others, I started walking in this direction. Canis raised his hand and pretended to know.
“Howdy. Is class over already? The facilities and environment are fine, but they seem to treat the kids too gently.”
“you! What the hell are you up to?”
Nade blocked the way. Of course, I heard from Thaad that the two were released without guilt, but I thought the relationship ended there. No, it had to be over. But why are you walking around school?
Shirone asked.
“What happened? Any business at school?”
Canis looked back at Shirone without answering. The person he cared about the most at school was Shirone, not Alpheas or the teachers. He was the first person to defeat him. If he couldn’t overcome him, no matter how strong he became, he would just walk in place.
“Listen carefully. If we face you again, the result will be the exact opposite of the last time.”
Nade responded before Shirone could answer.
“This kid is still out of his mind. You are 10 years away from defeating Shirone.”
“Do you really think 10 years are not enough to deal with me?”
Nade’s expression crumpled. Murderous intentions crossed her mind as Shirone’s emotions from the time she was wandering between life and death were revived. Then, Eruki, who didn’t want to cause a fuss unnecessarily, sorted things out.
“stop. Anything else is fine, why are you here?”
“Why are you coming? I’m visiting because it’s where I’m going to be staying.”
“What?”
Shirone’s eyes widened at the unexpected words.
“It is literally. I thought it would be nice to experience something like a magic school.”
Nade crossed his arms and fired.
“Even if you look down on the magic school, you will still be able to do it! Who said they would accept a kid like you?”
Canis raised a finger and pointed.
“Seniors.”
“what?”
“Call me senior. I found out that your class 5. Because I am Class Four.”
Shirone and the others were dumbfounded. Perhaps it was Alpheas who accepted the two of them. However, as soon as I entered the class, I became a class porani. I wouldn’t say it’s non-existent, but it’s true that it’s rare.
“What are you so surprised about? We are the disciples of the Archmage. I learned all the basics of magic. It’s funny how you treat them the same as idle guys like you.”
Shirone and the others kept their mouths shut while crying. If it was magic that he had mastered over 10 years of living with Arcane, there was a feeling that even if it was class 4, it would not be enough.
“So, I hope you will call me senior from now on.”
“Funny! Aren’t you going to attend next semester anyway? By then, we’ll be promoted to Class Four!”
“okay? Were your grades surprisingly poor? I was honestly disappointed. I mean, you had a hard time with these lesser bastards.”
The first thing Canis investigated at school was Shirone’s grades and friendship. Contrary to what he expected to contend for the lead, it was a shock to learn that he was in the middle of the class five.
But no one in the advanced class ignored them. It was a car that had been told that if you set your mind to it, you could hit it and come up at any time.
When Shirone and the others didn’t respond and bit their molars, Canis turned around with a satisfied face.
“Anyway, try your best. If you come in as a junior, you’ll be cute. ha ha ha!”
The shadow of Canis, who was moving away, stretched towards Shirone, and then Harvest raised both arms and raised the middle fingers of both hands. The three people’s shoulders trembled.
Shirone broke the heavy silence and spoke.
“Today’s play is cancelled.”
“okay. Canis is a senior. I wish I had quit school, but I can’t see that even if I die.”
“Hey, why stop quitting? I have to show off and press her nose.”
The three of them had only the thought of promotion. But how? The end-of-semester evaluation was on a different level from overcoming obstacles. Half a year was the total settlement of a long time, so even starting something right away could not guarantee success.
“I’ve been thinking about it before… … .”
Shirone floated with a serious expression.
“The odds of being promoted at my level were about 30 percent. When I did my best in studying.”
Although it is not a mathematical analysis like Eruki’s, Shirone’s insight is also highly reliable, so his friends thought that what he said was true. Then Nade’s expression darkened again.
“To be honest, even if I shouted out loud, it wasn’t easy when I thought about it. If Shirone is 30%, will I be 50%? Eruki is about 60 percent.”
“no. I’m around 58.7 percent. Of course, promotion is evaluated based on grades at the end of the semester, but to be honest, I didn’t take any classes.”
Each of the three sighed. If he continued like this, he would have to bow his head to Canis and Arin from the next semester.
“So that’s what I mean… … How about something like this?”
At Shirone’s suggestion, Nade turned around with his eyes shining.
“What? Do you have any good ideas?”
“Honestly, if you study in the way you have been doing until now, your chances of success are too low. So I need to change my strategy.”
Eruki said.
“You want to change your ways? But how?”
“The 30 percent I mentioned assumes that you study hard. But if I only aim for the test, not study, I think I can get more than 50%. That means it could be 70% or 80% for you guys.”
“Hmm. Are you aiming for a test? i know what You mean to choose and focus?”
“That’s right. I just need to get over 80 points anyway. You don’t have to invest time in subjects you’re good at. There is no need to study the areas that are not on the exam. The sixteen subjects can be broadly divided into four categories. Humanities, mathematics, science, practical skills.”
Shirone continued to explain, pointing her fingers one by one.
“Fortunately, you can easily pass at least one class. And above all, the series do not overlap with each other. I am humanities, Eruki is mathematics, and Nade is science. Practical skills are the part that can’t help you anyway.”
Eruki nodded as if he understood.
“In short, you want to form a study group. Since there is no need to study the fields that are each of your strengths, you mean to supplement each other’s weaknesses at that time, right?”
“that’s right. If you teach the core tips to get over 80 points in the exam, your chances are much higher. With this, I think we can raise it by 50 percent.”
The corners of Eruki’s mouth went up. Seeing that Shirone was so desperate, it seemed that having Canis and Arin as seniors bothered him.
Anyway, it was a good idea. Also, if three people could be promoted at the same time, there was no better result than this.
“I agree. If so, let’s go to the research meeting right now and make a plan. how is it?”
“Good!”
Three boys, burning with fighting spirit, rushed to Estas.
* * *
Shirone devoted himself to studying day and night.
You need to know how to manage your time. An hour passes in an instant to someone who is not conscious of it, but to someone who counts an hour by dividing it into 10 minutes, it is quite a long time.
Shirone divided the remaining time until the end of the semester exam into one-hour increments. It was a strategy to prevent time leaks by always holding time in your head.
Snipe the test with the powerful efficiency obtained there.
Rather than understanding the process, I conquered the problem type and analyzed the intention of the question and the solution process. In that respect, the study group was effective. Thanks to complementing each other’s shortcomings, Shirone was also able to raise the average score of the mock test to over 70 points.
Of course, it wasn’t all smooth sailing. After studying, I realized that the reason why I was weak in certain subjects was not because I was lazy, but because I was really not good at it.
In particular, the gap between humanities and mathematics was too great for Eruki. As he frantically worked out the question paper that Shirone himself had created, he put down his pen and stretched himself in just 30 minutes.
“All solved.”
“Look where you are.”
Shirone pointed out each of the problems Eruki solved. His hand trembled the more he checked the correct answer. I could understand why the humanities teachers hated him just by looking at his face.
Shirone pointed at the test paper with an absurd expression and said.
“Hey, how does ‘You eat pasta, I’ll eat pasta’ make sense? I explained the usage of auxiliary.”
“Why don’t you make sense? you eat pasta I’ll eat pasta! does it just fall off? It is a sentence that emphasizes that each person is an independent subject.”
“uh? Oh that… … .”
Feeling that it was so, Shirone was taken aback for a moment. But soon she came to her senses and cried out.
“That’s not it. Language is not math. It is not a tool of proof, but a tool of expression! So, read the meaning between the lines, not separate the sentences!”
“Damn, what is that? Math is the best!”
“shut up! I know you’re stubborn! Honestly, don’t you feel weird too?”
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 111 - Report card at the end of the semester (3) 1.txt
===============================
[111] Report card at the end of the semester (3)
“Of course it is strange. But that’s just the realm of the senses. It’s a sentence that doesn’t have any problems mathematically.”
Eruki’s pride in mathematics was enormous. How bad would it have been for humanities teachers to have given the exam paper a score of 0?
Shirone decided to use the last resort.
“Aren’t you going to get promoted?”
“Huh! shit!”
Eruki couldn’t help but fall to his knees at those words. He died when he died, but he didn’t want to become one of Canis’ juniors.
As Eruki returned to solving the problem, Shirone returned to her seat and sighed.
‘If I do this in a real test, it’s terrible, really.’
Nade asked, taking his eyes off the book as if he had suddenly thought of it.
“Ah, come to think of it, the practical exam is next week. Did you guys practice a lot?”
Shirone and Eruki asked at the same time.
“What test is it?”
“Damn it. didn’t you know what it was? It’s a heartbeat test. Spirit Zone Endurance Assessment.”
“Do I really need to practice? Shirone and I can get more than 80 points. Why are you anxious?”
“no. Still, there are many variables in practice. Unlike other items, it is a relative evaluation. If others do better, our score goes down. I wonder if I should point it out at least once.”
“It’s okay, it’s okay. I don’t have time.”
Eruki focused on solving the problem without listening to it with the back of his ear. If you deal with the spirit zone at the class five level, how much will you deal with? Eruki thought that the practical exam was an unconditional pass.
Shirone said while solving a math problem.
“Let me pass too. I just can’t afford to worry about that.”
Nade also had his own confidence. But it was also true that he would have a hard time getting a higher score than the first two.
‘hmm. What do we do?’
If you think it’s really difficult, just ask. But taking up friends’ time just because you’re anxious is like using the rules.
‘I don’t know. I just need to be in the top 10 anyway.’
Nade stopped thinking and started studying. The effectiveness of a study group is destroyed if each person fails to do their share of 33.3 percent.
We do our best to cooperate for the benefit of the whole, but the result is not something that others win anyway.
* * *
Image Zone Practice Center.
Originally, it was the time when the advanced class integration class was held, but currently there were only class five students.
It was the infamous practice evaluation period that drove Shirone into a corner several times. In particular, with the end of the semester approaching, students’ tension was higher than ever.
Entering the Image Zone, Ethella spread out the 20-meter-diameter Spirit Zone as always and began to explain.
“The item to be evaluated today is the Mental Beat Test. It’s a test of how long you can sustain a change in the spirit zone.”
Ethella extended both hands left and right and pointed far away. A black rod of unknown material rose high, and unknown characters were engraved on the surface.
“The evaluation standard is 20 meters in diameter, which is the distance from end to end of the rod. If you are in a lower spirit zone, you cannot take the test. Of course, none of you will be less than 20 meters.”
Ethella contracted the Spirit Zone. When the number on the electric signboard measuring the volume of the zone fell below 2 cubic meters, a buzzer sounded from the sound device.
“When the buzzer sounds, it is one cycle. The measurement time is 30 seconds and points are awarded according to the number of beats in the spirit zone. I rarely practiced with the recorder on, so I’ll show you a demonstration first.”
When Ethella sent a signal, the image zone’s mind beating mode activated. At the same time, Ethella’s spirit zone thumped like a heart, repeating expansion and contraction.
“wow… … .”
The sight of a 20-meter-diameter spirit zone dropping to less than 2 meters in diameter and then unfolding again in an instant was spectacular. The cycle was not particularly fast, but the repeated contraction and expansion was intense, as if reminiscent of an explosion.
pop! pop! pop! pop!
The sound machine, one of Image Zone’s functions, calculated the speed of expansion and exploded.
It wasn’t just about implementing sound to add excitement. Understanding the intangible image zone with the five senses provided the highest efficiency for magic training.
After 30 seconds, the number 30 points appeared on the notification board. It was like beating once a second.
According to my seniors, I had to get at least 90 points to get into the promotion cutoff. 3 beats per second. Based on Ethella’s demonstration, the children finally checked the strategies they had prepared so far.
After the demonstration, Ethella put her hands behind her back and said.
“In practice, it is often necessary to convert zones of various shapes at high speed. Mental pulse is the basic training, so it is important to keep working hard even after practical training is over. Then we will proceed with the evaluation.”
Based on the results of the speed gun test they took the other day, the children started coming out from the back row. As expected, most of the rankings were similar to last time, probably because it is difficult to improve one’s skills in one or two months.
With the students recording their grades one by one, with the lowest score being 48, Nade’s turn came. Since he was in the upper-middle rank in the speed gun test, he had no choice but to take the test much earlier than Shirone and Eruki.
“Nade, do your best.”
“Whoa, I’m nervous.”
Nade entered the image zone with the support of Shirone and Eruki, closed his eyes and focused his mind. She opened her eyes with a start-up sound and her spirit zone expanded. John beat at a rapid pace, like a heart beating with all its might.
“wow! What is this, Nade?”
The children’s eyes widened. It had only been 10 seconds, but it was already breaking 50 points. The beat of 5 times per second came as a tremendous force to the people watching.
“Weren’t you originally in the middle rank? At this level, you will definitely enter the top ranks, right?”
“After playing with Shirone, your skills improved a lot, right? If we knew it would be like this, we would join the study group.”
“I know. Aren’t those kids studying hard these days? Even Eruki, who was idle every day, never skipped a class.”
After 30 seconds, Nade’s grades came out. Episode 173. Accelerating in the last 10 seconds helped improve the score.
“Good job, Nade.”
Ethella recorded the score with a hearty smile. She felt even better because the disciple she was in charge of was doing well.
‘Well, I expected this much from the beginning.’
Nade came back with his tongue out as if embarrassed. After high-fiving her friends, he said as he sat down.
“Whoa, I thought I was going to die from nervousness.”
“good job. once passed one It’s just the two of us left.”
As if stimulated by Nade, the subsequent participants took the test with all their might. However, scores higher than 173 never came out.
With Nade sticking to first place, Eruki, who is second to last, entered the image zone. Eruki, who was standing without any sign of nervousness, activated his Servant ability as soon as he started.
The method of designing the expansion and contraction mechanism in advance and repeating it like a machine would not be very useful in practice, but it produced the highest efficiency in the test.
The score thus obtained is 210 points.
The children looked at the score with absurd expressions. It was a number that could not come out without recording 7 beats per second like a machine without increasing or decreasing the speed.
“Ha, that’s great too. Is even the mind an equation? You bastard, you probably didn’t do this right.”
“You can’t. Because it’s a Servant. It must be hard for even Shirone to win this time, right?”
Then I heard a voice pouring cold water on the heated heat from behind.
“Heh, talking about scores that aren’t a big deal. Class Five seems to be a gathering place for pathetic people.”
The moment the hot students looked back, each one opened his eyes wide with an expression as if he had seen a ghost. Canis and Arin, who were supposed to be enrolled in the next semester, were watching the practical evaluation.
Ethella, who was recording the students’ scores, asked.
“huh? Those two, what’s going on?”
“The principal said it would be nice to go on a field trip. I have come to see how the test is conducted.”
“Oh, I see. then come this way Because it looks good from here.”
Canis’ brow wrinkled. Does that woman really have a quarrel with her master? She was not in a hurry during the battle, but when she watched the class, she was like an idiot.
‘Are you doing this on purpose? Or are you really stupid?’
In any case, it was also true that he was interested in exams. Canis took Arin and stood behind the participants.
“How are you, Arin? What do you see?”
“I did a lot of heart rate training until I got tired of it. Because my master told me to pull it up unconditionally. If it were me, I could easily pass 250 points.”
Arin is a spirit-type wizard. Spirit John’s stamina was second to none, especially since he had to freely handle the tentacle type, which was the most difficult among John’s forms.
‘As expected, Arcane’s disciples. It’s on a different level from us.’
After hearing Arin’s words, the students were intimidated. They were also descendants of aristocratic families, but anyone who aims to become a wizard dreams of becoming a direct disciple of a great wizard. Even though they came from the slums, in terms of magic, the two of them had been on the elite course of the elite.
‘joy. But we also have a secret weapon.’
When Shirone, the last player in the group, entered the image zone, the students cheered him in one voice.
As they regained their memories, they also knew that Shirone had subdued Canis. As much as that, I wanted to show my true self this time as well.
Shirone took a deep breath in the center of the Image Zone. Since Yiruki scored 210 points, she had no problem getting a promotion even if she was just a fringe.
However, Shirone’s eyes were different from before. As long as he had a firm goal, he had no intention of taking the test in moderation, even if it wasn’t for Canis.
Starting from Ethella’s signal, the device turned on, and Shirone made the spirit zone beat at its highest level from the start.
It is difficult to evenly divide one second without an accurate design like Eruki. However, humans have a very accurate human body clock called a sense of rhythm.
Shirone added John’s beats to the rhythm and accelerated it. The sound machine exploded with a series of hits that sounded like a drum line.
Puff pup pup pup pup!
The children couldn’t close their gaping mouths. I watched Shirone’s demonstration without blinking, but I was able to properly check the spirit zone only about once a second.
“I can’t… … . How many times per second is that?”
Multiple spirit zones were moving at the same time, so it was impossible to count by eye. Students waited for 10 seconds. After a while, a huge number of 120 points was printed on the display board.
“12 times per second… … .”
Can you imagine a 20-meter-diameter sphere contracting 12 times per second? I was just watching with my own eyes, no one knew what was going on inside. Only the exploding bursts of fire and the numbers counting at breakneck speed proved that Shirone’s mind was fluttering.
Even Canis and Arin were stunned and watched the demonstration. Arin, in particular, had an expression of disbelief. If the heart rate increases to that extent, the mind collapses first, leaving the speed.
How quickly you can stretch from the smallest circle to the largest circle and how long you can withstand the shock when contracted were the key to the beat.
In that sense, the demonstration presented by Shirone was the highest level that maximized both speed and durability.
‘Geumgang Bulgogi.’
Ethella grasped Shirone’s state at a glance.
‘It’s really great. That child’s potential is completely unfathomable.’
Even Ethel wasn’t sure where Shirone was now. When I thought I was here, I was already far away.
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 112 - Report card at the end of the semester (4) 9.txt
===============================
[112] Report card at the end of the semester (4)
‘The mental durability, which was strong from the beginning, has increased remarkably. Now I can control immortal functions to some extent.’
Shirone’s organs were four-way defense type. Like most defensive types, the teachers expected that Shirone would become a defensive mage.
However, Immortal Function reversed the trend. Now, his strong point, durability, has become an essential element to support his offensive power.
As the 20 seconds passed, Shirone gritted his teeth and attempted a final acceleration. As the sound exploded at a terrifying speed, the score exceeded 340 points.
beep-!
When the measurement time is over, the buzzer sounds. Shirone closed her eyes for a moment and took a deep breath. Dozens of children had gathered, but there was still silence in her room. Everyone was staring at the scoreboard.
410 points.
On average, it lasted 30 seconds at 13.6 beats per second. Moreover, the last 5 seconds were more than 15 times per second.
“It’s really amazing. Why are they like that these days? After all, aren’t you really going to become a senior from next semester?”
“No matter how hard it is to get promoted. Theoretical grades are in the middle range. Raising the score in a short time is not an easy task.”
Shirone turned to Canis. It was an unspoken declaration that he would still be able to become a senior.
“It’s really great, that kid.”
Arin admired with a pure heart. Infinite mental power through immortal function and durability to control it. There’s even a unique magical inclination to put mass on light.
There was no other way to explain it other than that he was a wizard especially loved by God.
“Hmph, at this level, you can call it your nemesis.”
Canis’ fighting spirit flared up like never before. At first he thought it was a difference in attributes. However, the demonstration presented by Shirone more than shattered that illusion. If it is now, it will be pushed back even in a battle of brute strength.
Canis, who had been glaring at Shirone for a long time, turned around roughly.
“Let’s go, Arin. The tour seems to be over.”
The students felt relieved as they watched Canis and Arin walk away. Although Shirone did not represent the level of Class Five, she felt the same sense of satisfaction that she had defeated the great mage’s apprentice.
“Shirone, it was really great. I messed up the test, but I feel good. Is it all if you are a disciple of the archmage? How dare you ignore the Class Five of the magic school?”
“Shirone as well as Eruki and Nade. Are you guys really planning on getting promoted this time?”
“Well, you’re doing your best.”
Shirone evaded an immediate answer. However, Nade, who took 3rd place, was very excited about the fact that he had passed the practical test.
“ha ha ha! of course! Get ready to treat your seniors with respect! now! Let’s practice in advance from now on. Call me, senior!”
Students’ protests poured in.
“Very conceit pierces the sky! Get away with it!”
“If you were my senior, I would rather not go to school!”
“If you drop out of the theory, why are you talking out loud because you’re embarrassed? I will pray for you every night so that you never get promoted!”
Either that or not, Nade proudly straightened his back and smiled. Because he was friendly with all the students, it was a hoot he could endure.
Shirone and Eruki sneaked out.
‘Ugh, embarrassing.’
The final practical exam is over.
* * *
summer was going
A cold wind blew in the morning and evening, and the plants and trees prepared to change into colorful clothes. However, it was still hot during the day and the children were busy burning the end of the semester.
It was now the last week left. Classes ended last week, and all that was left was the final exam.
Tests are taken sequentially every day, starting with class ten. And finally, on the 6th day, the students of Class 5 moved to the exam hall, soothing their exploding hearts.
Shirone and the others also ate breakfast and arrived at the test site early.
The test lasts exactly 12 hours, with a 5-minute break. Compared to an ordinary school, it could be said that the schedule was close to heavy labor, but for the students of the magic school, maintaining concentration was just as important as knowledge.
The test questions are classified into A, B, and C types, but the questions are the same, but the arrangement of the correct answers is different. This was to prevent cheating and to reduce as much as possible the chance of getting the answer right by chance.
Shirone was type A, Eruki was type B, and Nade was type C. Assigned to different exam halls, they were relaxing in the hallway before the exam started. As this test determined the performance for half a year, even the world’s bad guys had no choice but to stiffen their bodies.
Nade was trembling continuously even in the mild weather.
“Ugh. I’m dying. Shirone, how are you?”
“I feel like throwing up. If you make one mistake, it’s all over. Especially the repair department.”
“Let’s stay calm. Anyway, enough time. It is not too late to be nervous after receiving the test papers.”
Eruki’s words calmed the two of them. However, when the bell rang to start the exam, everyone had no choice but to turn pale.
“Come on, let’s go in. See you later with a smile on your face.”
“okay. Go for it!”
The three entered their respective exam halls after 12 hours.
Supernatural Psychic Lab.
Shirone and the others were busy grading their grades. It is impossible to leak the test papers, but Eruki perfectly restored the test questions.
A Servant’s memory is incapable of forgetting. It was like putting a stack of papers in a drawer in your head and being able to pull it out and read it whenever you needed it.
When Eruki called a question, Nade wrote it down and Shirone found the correct answer. After working until dawn like that, I was able to restore the test papers for all subjects.
Although their bodies were already exhausted, the three of them scattered and started substituting answers.
Since the test paper restored by Eruki was type B, he had to match it one-to-one with the correct answer Shirone found.
“Whoa, I’m nervous. I think I messed up some subjects.”
Nade made a sound of pain. However, everyone had weak subjects.
“so do i. Seriously, this is really brutal. Even if you get a perfect score in another subject, if you fall short in one subject, it’s over, right?”
Shirone was nervous like never before. He couldn’t guarantee a promotion even with his insight.
“It’s a study group for that anyway. now! Let’s do the evaluation later and finish the grading first.”
A few more hours passed like that, and gradually the outline of the grades began to emerge.
Nade was the first to stand up with his fist raised.
“Oh yea! done! Average 82 points! I broke 80 points in all subjects!”
There was no particular high score, but I raised all subjects equally and scored 82 points. In the past, he was a bad boy who laughed at Class 4, but he couldn’t be happier when he got promoted.
Eruki and Shirone didn’t say anything. The point of truly bursting into celebration was when all three were confirmed for promotion.
After scoring, Eruki leaned back on his chair and wiped away his sweat.
“Whoa. That’s it. 87 points. One 80 points came out in the language. If I had gotten one more wrong, it would have been over.”
“wow! So are you passing? congratulations! Class Four!”
“What is this? Anyway, it doesn’t feel bad.”
Nade and Eruki looked back at Shirone without asking anyone first. If only the last one passes, their first long-cherished wish, simultaneous promotion, will come true.
However, Shirone did not respond. Eruki noticed that his scoring hand was not moving.
“Shirone, what’s wrong? Did you screw up the test?”
Shirone’s face, seen from close up, was as pale as white paper. It was clear what had happened.
Nade asked nervously.
“Why are you doing that? How many points do you have?”
“86 points… … .”
“Wow, did you have a good look?”
Nade was genuinely surprised. She set a goal of getting everyone promoted, but when she heard it, she thought it was a miracle. Shirone was the son of a commoner and lived a life far from studies. However, he received an average of 86 points in just half a year of hard work.
Compared to Eruki, who scored an average of 87 points, who passed the math class with a perfect score using his Servant ability, you can see how desperately Shirone studied.
Eruki tilted his head, perhaps thinking the same thing.
“well… … didn’t you see Are there any subjects you messed up?”
“That, I don’t know.”
“You don’t know? what do you mean? tell me exactly.”
Shirone nervously bit her nails. No matter how much he thought about it, he didn’t come to mind.
“Eruki.”
“huh?”
“What is the answer to the last multiple-choice question in the math proof?”
“Oh, that? Are you linking the two equations together to prove it? That’s a very long answer.”
Eruki, who had said that far, said in surprise.
“You can’t… … ?”
“Uh, I don’t remember. Which proof did you consider as the correct answer? I’ve tried unlocking it again, but it’s the same. Even back then, I was definitely thinking about one of the two.”
“How many points? If that’s wrong, how many points?”
“78 points… … .”
Eruki and Nade realized the seriousness of the situation. The final multiple-choice question is worth 2 points. Therefore, the result of one problem is the difference between promotion and retention.
“How could you not remember that? How many times did you write the answer?”
“number 3. But I can’t confirm because I’m blood type A.”
Nade hurriedly pulled out the test paper. Only one example was filled with 20 lines of atrocious proofs. To be honest, I was wrong about this too. Perhaps the only person who solved it easily in Class 5 was Eruki.
Shirone clutched her head in agony.
“I thought it was number two or number three. I was in conflict with 10 seconds left, but it suddenly came to my mind. however… … I don’t remember what it was.”
It happens once or twice when time is tight. Nade and Eruki, who had been attending magic schools since childhood, knew full well what that feeling was like.
But this time it was a matter of promotion. If I fall here, I have to stay in Class 5 for another half year.
Nade was on the verge of dying from impatience.
“shit! I can’t wait!”
“What are you going to do?”
“I have to go and check it myself. Let’s ask Siena-sensei. You are a dedicated teacher.”
It seemed that even Shirone would not be able to get hold of anything at this rate. After making a decision, the three left the study group and headed for the exam hall.
It took a whole day to score, so the Class Four test was currently in progress. Shirone and the others entered the building during lunchtime and anxiously waited for the teachers to return. About 30 minutes later, Siena walked down the hallway. The three of them ran toward it like a race.
“teacher! teacher!”
“huh? why are you here Didn’t the class five exam finish yesterday?”
“The math proof A-type multiple-choice last question! What is the correct answer to that?”
Siena tilted her head. Although her major is chemistry, all teachers participate in grading because the question paper is reviewed at least three times. Of course, even if it wasn’t her major, her student-level math was funny if she was good at it.
“Why is that suddenly?”
“Quickly! I mean, this is a really important issue.”
Siena, who read the urgency in Nade’s eyes, recalled the final multiple-choice question. It was a fairly difficult problem, so it remained in her memory.
“Oh, that? If you’re type A, you’re number 2, right?”
“No.2… … .”
As if struck by a hammer, Shirone’s body stiffened. He wrote the correct answer 3 times. In the end it was wrong. The score is 78 points. His breath stopped when he thought that his promotion would be canceled by only two points.
“No.2… … No.2… … .”
Shirone, who was muttering the same thing, suddenly grabbed the back of his neck. Then, in the end, I couldn’t stand it and fell back. Just before collapsing in the hallway, Nade hurriedly helped him.
“Shirone! are you okay? Wake! You say you are indestructible!”
“No.2? why… … How could that be twice… … .”
“Sir, let me go! take care!”
Even while being dragged away, Shirone muttered the same thing. Siena, who blinked at her as she watched her, smiled and headed for her office.
“Anyway, aren’t they tired? I am full of energy every day.”
The office was cluttered with teachers grading students. Siena also sat down and started scoring. Then she suddenly opened the drawer and took out a type A paper for the math proof.
“Didn’t you say it was the last multiple-choice question?”
Siena looked at the last problem. She tried to solve it with her eyes for a while, then she said with a bright smile.
“Ah, number three.”
Ariane Shirone. promotion confirmed.
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 113 - Report card at the end of the semester (5) 1.txt
===============================
[113] Report card at the end of the semester (5)
Kaizen Swordsmanship Academy.
Located in the capital of the kingdom of Tormia, the Kaizen Swordsmanship Academy boasts a 200-year history and has produced many knights who have achieved great achievements.
There were more than 10 certified first-class swordsmen alone, and among them, 3 were given the title of swordsman.
iron conviction. A symbol of courage.
Anyone who dreams of becoming a knight in the kingdom of Tormia wants to enter the Kaizen Swordsmanship Academy.
However, there was no entrance exam here. Instead, it goes through a one-month probationary process, during which the cadet’s qualifications are evaluated and final admission decisions are made.
There are as many as 300 cadets in one semester. Of these, only 30 were admitted.
Lian, proudly among these 30, was currently taking lessons at the Kaizen Swordsmanship Academy.
Urban combat training ground.
The training ground where the scenery of the city was reproduced was the pride of Kaizen.
The teacher with a clown sticking out like a skull glared at the first-year students sitting on the stairs.
“Today’s practical subject is movement. Among them, you first-year students will focus on shifting the center of gravity and evaluate them.”
The teacher’s name is Parka Quan.
A certified 6th grade swordsman, before being wounded in the leg in the war, he was a master swordsman called a death mage.
“Center displacement is a skill that a prosecutor must possess. This is because the three beats of a sword—speed, power, and accuracy—start from here.”
Quan limped on his right leg and walked up the stairs. Then he asked, pointing at the tall boy with his chin.
“you. Where is the center of gravity of the swordsman?”
“yes! It’s a navel!”
“Wrong. you, tell me.”
Quan pointed at the cadet with his eyes wide open like a shark. Without knowing the answer, he had to stand up straight away. If you hesitate even a little bit, it will be a test and you will be punished.
“yes! It’s the sole!”
“Wrong. you.”
“It’s a sword!”
“Get down. Do 200 push-ups.”
“practice!”
The cadet broke away from the row and started doing push-ups. Exhausting one’s stamina before a test is a terrible thing, but the teachers at the swordsmanship academy didn’t care about that.
Quan pulled out the longsword that was strapped to his waist. The tip was spread out like a fan, and the sword body looked relatively thin.
“Where is the center of gravity of the test? The answer is outside. This is called external gravity in schema terms. Follow me, outer gravity.”
“External gravity!”
The cadets were angry even as they shouted. To explain a term I hadn’t heard in a semester right before the exam.
“The reason I haven’t explained it until now is because it’s annoying. Of course, there’s no way an asshole like you would find out. But today, I’m in a bad mood, so I’m going to add an evaluation of external gravity. Got it?”
“yes!”
The cadets’ answers echoed loudly. The roaring roar contained the intent to kill. Now, if the evaluation items are changed, what will become of their efforts that they rolled over like dogs for half a year?
‘Oh, I really want to do something about it. What kind of teacher is that?’
“I only do it once. So that I can see it well and apply it to the evaluation.”
Each person’s thoughts, anyway, silence flowed in the originally quiet Colosseum.
“I cut while leaving, and cut while retreating.”
Kuan repeatedly advanced and retreated, showing off his cutting skills. The sound of the wind cutting was terrifying.
“This is the normal swordsmanship movement. The power of the body moves the center, and the movement of the center raises the destructive power of the sword. In addition, if you improve your strength with schema, the destructive power of the sword can increase exponentially.”
The cadets swallowed their saliva. It’s a story I’ve heard until my ears wear out, but their tension ahead of the exam was extremely high.
“… … I’m sure you’re thinking something stupid. However, if you approach the real battle with this idea, you will die within three seconds.”
‘It’s unlucky.’
The cadets’ eyes grew more intense.
“Remember. No matter how strong the destructive power is, if you are pushed back from the movement, you will win one match. Therefore, swordsmen use the center of gravity for movement depending on the situation. It is like this.”
Kuan slammed the ground with the soles of his feet. Then he lifted one of his legs and his body fell toward the floor.
The cadets opened their mouths in a daze. The central axis of the quan was tilted more than 70 degrees.
Is this really possible? It was impossible for humans to maintain such a posture unless at least a rope was tied around their waists.
“The force amplified by the schema maximizes the movement of the center of gravity. Currently, my center is outside the body. This is called external gravity.”
Kuan’s body jumped up like a tumbler.
“If external gravity is used, the possibilities of movement become infinite. For example, something like this is possible.”
Kuan fell backwards, hitting the ground again with the soles of his feet. His body, tilted to the point where his back touched the ground, rotated in a cone.
“External gravity is not gravity that actually exists. It’s just an extremely strong inertia. Therefore, if rotation is fed to external gravity, the body also rotates.”
The rotation slowed as Quan held out his sword. However, as the slope gradually returned, the centripetal force accelerated.
Sssssss!
Standing upright, Quan rotated at a tremendous speed. Then he finished his spin in a controlled manner, as if time had stopped.
The cadets looked at Quan with astonished eyes. What would happen if you were standing there? The ankle would have been cut off first. And it would have been hacked into dozens of pieces by the accelerating blade.
Defense is impossible. It was the same reason that humans could not stop a tornado caused by a difference in atmospheric pressure.
Such explosive external gravity. By analogy, it was a technology similar to rotating a mechanical device with blades.
‘This is the magician of death.’
It was a nickname that was given to the opponent because he gave death without knowing how he suffered.
“This is today’s performance evaluation. Passing through obstacles is the first, street fighting movement is the second.”
“Instructor, I have a question.”
“Get down. Do 200 push-ups.”
The cadets broke away from the column. And he thought while doing push-ups. what the hell did i do wrong?
“Be sure to remember. To get the answer you want, you have to overwhelm the other person. Instructors are not your parents. Don’t look at me with eyes that can’t wait to be praised. Because it’s disgusting. Got it?”
“yes! I will correct it!”
“Try again.”
The cadet, who had finished acting, raised his hand with a shout.
“Instructor! I have a question!”
“say it.”
“What is the street fighting movement evaluated for?”
“That will be explained from now on.”
The cadet felt embarrassed. In fact, the motive for asking the question was because I wanted to look good to Quan. But Quan thought that even respect was a sign of weakness.
“Street fighting movement. It’s annoying, so I’ll make it short and end.”
Kuan entered the building. Like a doll’s house, the front was open, so there was no problem listening to the explanation.
“The place where external gravity shines is the complex terrain. In particular, it can be said that the match is decided by the level of movement because even the space is narrow in urban combat.”
Kuan stamped his foot on the floor. However, he did not attempt external gravity.
“The reason for stamping the ground is to generate force and move the center of gravity. This is called First Impact. Of course, you don’t have time to do crazy things like this in real combat, but you guys, you youngsters, would definitely do well to hit the ground.”
There was a mixture of belittling and ridicule, but the students, who admired Quan’s inaction, were no longer outraged.
“But I don’t hit the ground with first impact. If I shoot here with my own strength, the floor will be smashed. In the schema, the external gravity series uses various first impacts, and among them, I will use muscle vibration, which can be called the basic.”
Quan contracted the muscles in his upper body to generate vibrations. He jumped up and put his hand on the wall. When I adjusted the inertia by bending my elbows, a long view was created in which I was floating in the air for more than 3 seconds.
“Wowaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa”
The cadets let out exclamations. Of course, ‘Get down!’ is supposed to come out, but Kuan continued to explain whether it was a nuisance.
“With the first impact, it leaps while creating external gravity. Of course, in this case, the external gravity force would act in the direction of the wall. By applying this, such a movement is also possible.”
Kuan walked along the wall. The cadets, who slowly raised their heads, looked up at the top with disbelief. Quan stood upside down with both legs on the ceiling.
“External gravity is, after all, using the force of inertia to offset gravity. Therefore, gravity is currently not acting on my body.”
The sight of Kuan walking across the ceiling was beyond awe, to the point of grotesque. But it wasn’t magic.
As long as they can run on walls, they can become circus troupe members who cannot perform schema. However, Kuan only maximized inertia with stronger and more precise power.
When the external gravity disappeared, Quan’s body fell along with the gravity. When they came out of the building after finishing the demonstration, the cadets’ expressions changed 180 degrees.
“Everyone down. Do 200 push-ups.”
“practice!”
The cadets prostrated themselves with sad faces. If you are a formally admitted student, most of them can handle the schema, so it is not an impossible number of times. However, the range of strengthening that they could use as first-year students was not that great, so 200 times was quite stiff.
“Listen while doing it. The first practical skill is a horizontal obstacle, and the height decreases as the level goes up. The final stage will be impossible to pass without the use of external gravity. Time is 20 seconds. Since the obstacle is made of a real sword, it can lead to death in serious cases. Of course, I believe that there are no idiots who avoid obstacles. If you are injured, you will be treated by Instructor Siena.”
Kaina was the best surgeon at the swordsmanship academy. If she had a healer as a mage, she had surgery to perform surgery. The problem was that the surgery was excruciatingly painful. In particular, in the case of amputee patients, it was common for her to pass out while receiving treatment because it was connected to her nervous system.
‘shit! It’s even more scary to hear that!’
“The urban combat movement is simple. Create external gravity and lean on the wall. The longer you survive, the higher your score. Got it?”
“yes!”
Quan, who was examining the faces of the cadets with high spirits, took the evaluation papers and moved.
“It starts at number one. I won’t call you by name, so come out as you notice. Rest for those who are waiting.”
Ryan sat down and rested his chin. It took at least 3 minutes per person, so the time could be said to be ample.
“How are you, can you do well?”
It was a woman’s voice that was not often heard at the swordsmanship school. But Rian looked at her as if she had nothing to do with it. She was a beautiful woman with blonde hair flowing like waves. She was tall and slender, with long limbs that gave her a cool look.
Elzaine Tess.
She was the only daughter of the famous Elzain family in the kingdom, and entered the swordsmanship academy to carry on the family business of her father, the commander of the colony.
His face was cute when viewed cutely and ferocious when viewed ferociously, but his personality was ferocious no matter how you looked at it. Her skills are also outstanding, and she has no one to follow in the first grade.
“Sit down quickly. If you get caught by the instructor, you will be sentenced to death.”
“Oh, does Instructor Liando of the world look scary? Aren’t you busy with scoring anyway?”
“What do you know? He’s a nobleman with eyes on his back. Anyway, why did you change seats all of a sudden?”
“What is a good friend? I’m here to let you go, in case you’re nervous.”
“When have you seen me nervous?”
“Whoops. Well, there’s no bottom to go down, so what’s there to be nervous about? It’s an easy last place.”
A cadet at a swordsmanship school might be offended by this, but Rian only pouted her lips. Tess smiled. His temperament of not getting angry at anything was definitely what set him apart from the other kids.
Why is this man in charge of last place?
Among the freshmen, the person who trained the hardest was definitely Lian. No, he was digesting his harsh training every day, almost to the point of overwork.
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 114 - Report card at the end of the semester (6) 9.txt
===============================
[114] Report card at the end of the semester (6)
However, grades did not go up.
I heard that I had mastered the schema a month ago, but the pace of reinforcement was so slow that I doubted if it was true.
“No matter how bad I am, you won’t know until you try. Who knows that things will work out unexpectedly if you try?”
“Huhu, yes, that sounds like you.”
Tess had never seen Lian nervous. It was a strange feeling that Lian, who had the weakest ability, remained calm before an exam that could result in the amputation of limbs.
‘Well, it was like that then.’
It was during the probationary period that Tess got to know Lian.
Swordsmen are naturally fond of fighting. Since 300 such children gathered, the atmosphere was bloody from the first day. The instructors did not particularly interfere with the work in the barracks. Then, as expected, some wolves bared their teeth.
Sequencing was instantaneous.
Those who learned the schema were in the 1st group, those with strong physical abilities were in the 2nd group, and those who were not this or that were in the 3rd group. The problem was that the cadets were not even in the 3rd group. They were boys who had no interest in swords, but were pushed in by their parents’ annoyance.
Group 1’s leader, Richard Feiger, bullied the boys relentlessly. He has a savage temperament, and since he entered the military academy, which legally teaches the art of killing, he has been let loose.
Tess didn’t care. In terms of skills, 1 group or 10 or so women among the apprentices were free from competition for rank.
At the time, Lian’s rank was in the middle of Group 2.
At this level, he wasn’t in a position to be bullied, but Lian didn’t get along with anyone. There was one reason why he applied for swordsmanship school. Graduation doesn’t matter. He only had the idea that he had to somehow improve his skills and become a swordsman worthy of Shirone.
“Puhahaha! Hey, run! sooner!”
“Hee hee hee! Hee hee hee!”
One day, in the barracks, the first group of cadets rode on the backs of weak children and had a race. Every time I hit the buttocks of the boys playing the role of horses with a club, the horses neighed.
Some of the cadets frowned, but most of them were enthusiastic about cheering as if they were watching a real horse race. It was a small but real money race. Besides, if you showed dislike, you could become the person who crawls under them.
“Faster! win! win!”
Piger, who runs the lead, was excited. He was a man who did his best in any race, no matter how jokingly, befitting his personality that did not tolerate defeat in any job. As the finish line came into view, the sticking intensified. The cadet who became a racehorse had to crawl until his knees were bleeding with tears in his eyes.
“Hee hee hee! Hee hee!”
“Oh yea! I’m number 1… … !”
As he was about to cross the finish line, a blurry afterimage appeared in Piger’s eyes. Then, a strong shock hit the back of his nose.
“Aww!”
Unknowingly, the kicked Pyger fell off the racehorse’s back. In the meantime, the latecomers crossed the finish line one after another.
“Do it in moderation. Is this your playground?”
Pyger held his throbbing nose and glared at the blue-haired boy.
“You child… … !”
August Lian.
As far as Pyger knew, even in the 2nd group, their skills were mediocre. His pride was hurt when he realized that he had been hit by someone he hadn’t even mastered the schema for.
“What are you? do you want to die?”
Ryan didn’t answer. His reserved nature did not change even after entering the swordsmanship school. He doesn’t make up any words if he has nothing to say.
“Look at this kid… … .”
Pyger stood up revealing his will to live. It was an immediate situation, but none of the cadets, stricken with fear, stepped forward.
Of course, there were those who did not feel the need. Tess was one of those people.
This was a swordsmanship school. Nothing will change if you stand up for the weak in a group to learn war skills. In the end, the situation would be sorted out according to the order of power.
“Hey, isn’t that Lian? I ended up having an accident.”
Tess looked back. She had a female cadet like her, but a girl a head taller than the boys, perched like her wall.
“Do you know that child’s name? It doesn’t look very strong.”
“Weak. But stubborn. The other day, group 2 kids got together and collected some money. It’s Piger’s birthday. But the only person who didn’t pay was Lian.”
“Aha, is that why it was filmed?”
“I must have waited. But she was honestly surprised. I thought he had a quiet personality, but he is surprisingly hot-tempered.”
“Hmm… … .”
Only then did Tess take a closer look at Lian. He still kept his mouth shut, but he didn’t seem to want to back down either.
‘I have a kid like that. Certainly the kingdom is large.’
The excitement ended there. Due to the influence of her father, the commander of her occupied territory, she grew up watching a lot of geeks from her childhood.
No matter how much I believed in it, if the sword wasn’t strong, it was the bottom line that it would break.
“Quack. Has this kid gone dumb? It’s too late to regret it Surely you didn’t want to buy it after doing something like this, did you?”
“Let’s go outside. If the instructor knows, it’s not good for the evaluation.”
Pyger was not amused. He should have begged for his life right now, but rather avoided the instructor’s eyes and said that he should fight.
“Come on, don’t do as you wish. Follow me. All the others follow. I’ll show you what happens if you attack me.”
Pyger took Lian to the vacant lot behind the building. Groups 1 to 3 were located behind Piger, and the only ones standing on Lian’s side were the children outside the group.
But they had already lost their will to fight. No, I didn’t come here with the intention of fighting from the beginning. It’s just that I didn’t belong to the group of pigers. In my heart, I resented Lian for making things this far.
“Hey, those who don’t want to be beaten, come over here.”
Pyger handed over the indulgences. The cadets didn’t even worry. I passed Ryan’s side and rushed to the other side.
“Puhahaha! pitiful things. Hey Lian. What are you going to do now? Everyone has run away and only you are left.”
“To rely on numbers. From the start, the buds are yellow.”
“What is it?”
“If you have no choice but to fight, fighting is a knight. You don’t even deserve to be a knight.”
Pyger snorted. Anyway, when war breaks out, it is a knight to bite and tear each other like dogs. Chivalry was nothing more than a wrapper for those who survived it to exalt themselves.
“Okay, let’s see if your fist is as strong as your muzzle. Let me face you directly. You’d better not be at ease. If I do it alone, it means I will kill you.”
Ryan raised his fist and took a fighting stance. On the other hand, Piger walked slowly as if he were taking a walk.
“I’ll give you one shot. Hit it first.”
When Pyger flicked his fingers, Lian threw a fist. At that moment, Piger, who avoided the attack, struck Lian in the abdomen.
“Ouch!”
Lian’s eyes widened in pain from the tearing of her stomach. It felt like a heavy rock had been pushed into my stomach. Is this a schema-enhanced fist?
“You fool. Why am I hitting you?”
Although it was a fighter mocking Lian, it was surprising that he couldn’t finish it in one blow. he was too careless He thought about that, and this time, he poured out a series of hits with all his heart.
Ryan was on the verge of embarrassment. It was a bare-handed confrontation, but the schema itself was a murder weapon. It was as if he had been beaten up by a heavy-duty soldier.
Lian’s legs lifted off the ground as Pyger’s fists sank into his stomach.
When he landed again, even the toughest Lian couldn’t stand. Bent at the knees, Lian’s body plummeted toward the ground.
‘Well then… … .’
Pyger sneered at Lian. At that moment, Lian jumped out like an arrow and burrowed into her arms.
‘what? Are you still holding out?’
Pieger was perplexed. Lian couldn’t master the schema. He could also tell by the feel of his fist that he was in the right place. Unless he defended himself with a schema, he should have already lost his mind.
Lian focused on attacking Piger’s ship. If you glared at his face, he would easily dodge. However, if you cover the opponent’s view with a wide back and attack from below, even a fighter cannot hastily counterattack.
The operation was major and the Piger retreated one after another. His stomach throbbed with each punch.
‘What is this bastard?’
From the point of view of Piger, it was worth winning. It was a disgraceful thing to have a melee with a guy who couldn’t even handle the schema.
“What a son of a bitch!”
Piger let go of the string of reason. Grabbing Ryan’s shoulder and pushing him away, he wrung his fists frantically. A dull sound of blows echoed through the clearing. The cadets watched the one-sided beating with pale faces.
When Piger came to his senses, Lian was crumpled like a rag. But she still didn’t faint. Her Pygear’s eyes caught fire as her Rihanna’s fingers wiggled.
“Aaaaaa! it’s annoying!”
Pyger’s kick bombarded Lian. Finally realizing the seriousness of the situation, the children of Group 1 came running.
“Hey, stop! You really die like this!”
“Let go! I will kill you! Die, you bastard!”
Ryan’s reaction gradually slowed down and finally stopped moving. Pyger looked around him. Seeing the horror on the cadets’ faces relieved them a little.
“Listen straight up! If you open up to me, this is what happens! Hey, get the rope!”
Rian was completely stripped, leaving only her bottoms. There were bruises all over her hard, muscular body. Feiger thought he should set an example here and hung the roped Lian from a tall tree.
Blood dripped from Lian’s face, bent like a shrimp.
“Puhahaha! Are you a worm on a fishing pole? So why are you messing around without knowing the subject?”
“Quack. Oh, I’m really embarrassed. I pretended to be unlucky and I was caught properly.”
Words of ridicule poured out from here and there. It was as if the war had been won.
Tess frowned. No matter how weak he is, he gives such shame to people.
Besides, there were also women of the same age in this place. What is Ryan thinking right now? No, how much did she get her heart broken?
“eww… … .”
Ryan came to his senses. He didn’t lose consciousness, but he wasn’t sane either. Many cadets were giggling. It was like watching monkeys in a zoo.
Tess met Lian’s eyes. She tried to put on a calm expression. Even sympathy would hurt in his current condition. However, Lian broke expectations and winked with a smile.
“Ah, sorry about this. There are ladies too.”
Tess still maintained her nonchalant expression, but a strange chemical reaction was taking place inside her.
“Puhaha! What are you talking about now? Even in this situation, you are bluffing. Weren’t you just stupid?”
“Yaya! Be honest. What do you think you’ll look like if you pretend to be proud of a subject that’s beaten to death? You are so funny right now.”
“Are you embarrassed? embarrassing? What’s that like in front of women? I’d rather bite my tongue and die.”
Lian looked down at the cadets. His eyes remained calm despite the many mockery.
“are you okay. Even if it’s embarrassing.”
“Puhaha! Well, guys like you should live like that for the rest of their lives. Or are you a pervert? Are you enjoying yourself right now?”
Ryan said calmly.
“Because you’ll soon forget.”
Silence has arrived. An unknown and anxious aura dominated the silence.
“I fought to the best of my ability, so I am not ashamed. As time goes by, I don’t even know if there was a day like today. by the way… … Can you guys really forget?”
No answer came back. Their hearts were all beating fast.
“The images of you guys who rolled up their tails without even fighting will probably follow you for the rest of your life. and you’ll regret it If I had fought then, if I had stood up then. But you know what? That you can’t turn back time.”
The cadets’ faces trembled. It was a different form of fear from Piger’s violence.
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 115 - Report card at the end of the semester (7) 10.txt
===============================
[115] Report card at the end of the semester (7)
“It’s okay to lose as much as you like. You can quickly forget the shame you endured to keep your beliefs. But the memory of running away in fear follows him for the rest of his life. Whether you are eating, sleeping, or on the battlefield, you have no choice but to suffer. So, the prosecutor’s beliefs are like life. Once broken, it never comes back.”
No one mocked Lian anymore.
“No one wants to have cowardly memories. Especially if you are a prosecutor. Perhaps the day will come when you will hate reminiscing about today more than you would die. so it ends here If you want to be confident in the future, at this moment, in this place… … .”
Lian screamed, coughing up blood.
“I mean fight! You fools!”
Lian’s cry penetrated the cadets’ hearts. Blood boiled. His skills are different, but his desire to be called a ghost on the battlefield, the strongest swordsman, and a knight of steel is the same.
The fighting spirit of hundreds of people boiling at the same time was transmitted through the skin. The air was getting hot. There was no fear like before in the eyes looking at Pyger.
Group 1, starting with Pyger, felt a sense of crisis and spewed out their lives.
“shut up! No one listens to what losers say! do you want to knock me down then jump in I’ll make you the same as the one hanging over there!”
Tess smiled and licked her lips.
“Hmm.”
August Lian.
A candidate for admission to the swordsmanship academy.
“It was good.”
Tess kicked off the ground and threw herself. Jumping over her firer, she untied the rope and her thump fell, Lian crawling over her aching body and twisting her cross-legged.
“Did you say Lian? I am Tess Let’s fight together.”
Tess offered to shake hands, but Lian just stared. He was bound with ropes and could not move.
Tess’ appearance resonated with the children. Although she belongs to the women’s group, her skills displayed during her training have been rated as equals with a firer.
“I will fight too! I can’t stand it like this!”
“Women are stepping up, but men can’t stay still!”
Both of you started to take Lian’s side. In the end, all the cadets except for the 1st group got together and shouted.
“Let’s show them! Let’s get those idiots out of school!”
“Let’s drive it out! Let’s drive it out!”
Piger’s group was surrounded by close to 300 children. No matter how much I increased my muscle strength with the schema, I couldn’t deal with this many numbers.
“These children! I really want to die!”
“Kill if you can, son of a bitch!”
In group 2, the boy who used some strength took the lead first. The moment Feiger, whose jaw was turned, frowned and glared at the boy, dozens of people rushed in and beat him to the ground.
“Wait a minute! stop!”
Faced with reality, Piger shouted, but the children’s resentment was not easily resolved.
Here and there, the first group of cadets were being treated the same. It was a situation where even the boys outside the group came forward and beat them up.
“Sah, save people! Instructor! Instructor!”
Tess smiled as she looked back at Lian, who was staring at the battlefield indifferently.
“Huh, sorry about this? I feel like I just stuck a fork in someone else’s food.”
“it’s okay. Because I hate being a hero. That’s why I called you here on purpose.”
“what? Do you really not know?”
Tess, who realized it was true when Lian looked at her bewildered, put on an absurd expression.
“Are you stupid? There’s no way the instructors will leave us free. All of the current situation will be reported.”
Tess’ prediction was correct. Pieger suffered a fracture and was expelled, and the other group 1 children who were in sync with him also completed the probationary period, but were notified of admission refusal.
And Ryan… … Despite his poor training results, he entered the Kaizen Swordsmanship Academy as the first among the 30 admitted students.
Tess, recalling her first meeting with Lian, smiled bashfully, raising the corner of her mouth.
“Lian Yii, who used to be like that, is hovering around the bottom right now.”
“shut up. Why are you suddenly talking about old things? Who asked for first place?”
“Huh, but it’s really amazing, if it were me, I would have fallen into a sense of shame, but seeing how you train without a day off.”
“You sound like a freak. It’s been a long time since I graduated.”
“Aren’t you worried though? Anyway, since I entered the school, I have to graduate, and I have to tell my name as a prosecutor. If we continue like this, we won’t be able to eat porridge or rice, right?”
“… … You were very determined to kill your spirits.”
“What! It’s something I’m really worried about. I’m curious. What is the driving force that moves you?”
Rian looked up at the sky and thought. be the driving force After all, he was more comfortable than other cadets.
“It’s good if you make a name for yourself as a prosecutor, but it doesn’t matter if you don’t. ‘Cause I just need to be strong For the sake of the lord.”
“Lord? What are you talking about?”
“Ah, I took the oath to be a knight.”
Tess’ eyes widened. She asked her kid next door who she was going to marry, and she felt like she was told she had a fiancé.
“Really? You’re not even twenty yet?”
A Knight’s Oath is an oath that a swordsman can only take once in a lifetime. Therefore, when choosing a master, he had to meticulously consider the future and prospects.
“Are you okay? What kind of person are you? Do you know someone I know?”
Tess must have guessed that he must be famous. He’s a war hero, a minister in a castle, or a lord of a provincial town. Wouldn’t he have to be that much to entrust his whole life?
“Shirone.”
“Shirone? Hmm, Sironera… … . I don’t know What are you doing?”
“my friend. I am attending a magic school in my hometown now.”
Tess opened her chin in disbelief. Are you friends? Besides, she’s not even an official wizard, she’s a student.
“What are you thinking? No matter how close you are, you don’t have to take an oath to be a knight. Oh, please… … ?”
Tess suddenly felt uneasy. There was a case where a knight oath was given to a person who was neither famous nor had any prospects.
“A child named Shirone… … Is it a girl?”
“it’s crazy? What are you thinking? No matter how talented I am, I wouldn’t take a knight’s oath like that.”
“okay? Hmm.”
Tess let out a sigh of relief.
“Anyway, don’t be mean. I believe Shirone will be the best. That’s why I risked my life.”
Lian looked different today. To put it bluntly, it was a spirit of unity between the boys, but it would not be enough to even pledge to become a knight unless it was a very great person.
‘Who the hell are you? Sironera… … .’
At that moment, a good idea struck me. While I was thinking about how to get the word out, I came up with a good case called Shirone.
“Can I show you one more time? That child named Shirone.”
“what? Why are you looking at my friend?”
“You should be able to bear it because you’re curious about bragging like that. In short, aren’t you going to school after having a job first?”
“Does that make sense out of the blue? Besides, Shirone is in Creas. It is very far from here.”
“How are you? The semester will be over in a few days. After all, my family is in an occupied territory, so I have no one to meet. I can’t go to Creas to play. That’s right, there’s an island south of there, isn’t it? Since it’s a tourist destination, I always wanted to go there. Let’s go play together with Shirone.”
Like a person who prepared in advance, Tess’s words were not blocked. When Ryan heard that, his thoughts changed. Of course, I had no desire to go out alone with Tess, but it would be different if Shirone intervened.
“Hmm, Shirone and… … . But wouldn’t it be a bit awkward if the three of us went together? Because I’m not good at socializing. Especially for women.”
Tess’ eyes twinkled at Ryan’s positive attitude. When he, who usually didn’t even listen in the back of his ear, suddenly changed, on the other hand, I was jealous.
“Tell them to bring one Shirone too. There must be some girls you know at the magic school. I’m going to play 2v2. pair travel. how is it?”
It’s a pair trip. It sounded fun. Above all, since she was Rian, who was only thinking about playing with Shirone after the semester was over, she had no reason to refuse.
“Well, think about it for a moment.”
That’s what he said, but it was as if he had already given permission. Tess nodded his head with a satisfied expression.
“Good. Shall we finish the last practical evaluation in a splendid way for the holiday?”
After most of the cadets finished their practical skills evaluation, it was Tess’ turn.
“No. 47 Elsaine Tess. Ready for evaluation!”
When Tess shouted at the starting line to cross the obstacle, Kuan bent her fingers and gave a signal.
“Let’s go.”
Tess broke through the limbo-like obstacle at full speed. However, in front of the blade obstacle that was lower than the sitting height, the body had no choice but to stiffen.
Although she learned the schema earlier than others, today was the first time she experienced external gravity.
Due to the nature of the schema that affects the body, it is rare to master the schema during childhood. Also, even if there was, it was not recommended.
Tess made the first impact calmly. The shockwave that hit the ground and came up came through the schema.
‘Put the center of gravity out of here!’
External gravity is not magic. It was just to create a strong inertia that overcomes gravity. With such confidence, Tess tilted her upper body.
‘done!’
Tess’ body escaped from under the blade while drawing a fan-shaped movement. It wasn’t a fluke. So far, all the training that has been done without using external gravity has produced the current results.
“No. 47 Elsaine Tess. End of passing obstacles!”
When Tess opened her arms and reported, the cadets burst into applause. But her heart was pounding and she couldn’t hear anything.
‘I did it. Is this for real?’
Kuan’s guidance was not in vain. He was aiming for this from the beginning and educating him.
‘Even if you have a broken personality, a teacher is a teacher.’
Tess, who perfected the street fighting movement, proudly took first place. Since there were only a handful of participants left, it seemed that no one could surpass this score.
“No. 52 Ogent Lian. Ready for evaluation!”
When it was Lian’s turn, Kuan’s forehead wrinkled. He doesn’t even expect it anyway. However, it was a strange cadet that made me rather anticipate it.
“try.”
Lian kicked off the ground and charged. Obstacles that do not require a schema have been passed with outstanding level. But the problem was the last hurdle.
‘First Impact!’
He bent his upper body while stepping on the ground strongly. At the same time, Kuan’s eyes flashed.
Ryan thought something was strange. He felt the blade approaching his neck for some reason.
‘what?’
Quan flew at breakneck speed and kicked Lian in the face. Lian rolled on the floor and couldn’t get up for a long time. An angry instructor limped in front of him, who struggled to raise his upper body.
“You bastard! Are you crazy? Are you excited to die? How are you going to sell schema and shove your neck into her blade?”
Rian, who had come to his senses, jumped up and shouted.
“sorry! But I did! schema… … .”
“What nonsense are you talking about? don’t you know what a schema is? Guys who can’t ski are out of practice!”
“no! Clearly it worked! I did a strength test and it passed!”
“What, man? Strengthen your muscles? Where are you lying… … .”
Muscular strength was a test to verify the schema by lifting twice the body weight. Looking around, Quan calculated Lian’s weight and found something suitable.
“Hey, you come here and listen to this.”
It was a large chunk of stone left over from the construction of the training ground.
Ryan took a deep breath and walked away. She honestly couldn’t help but be nervous as she passed the strength test with all her might.
“Whoa!”
Lian hugged the stone and stretched her back with all her might. As he braced himself with his wobbly legs and raised his arms, a heavy stone floated over his head.
Quan pressed Lian’s body with his fingertips. When the action of muscle fibers was transmitted through vibration, his expression darkened.
‘Damn it.’
It wasn’t a schema.
I’ve raised countless cadets, but this was the first time I’ve ever had such a talent.
No matter how talented you are, if you receive education in the best facilities, you will do at least a schema. But Ryan wasn’t even doing that.
Of course, if you don’t have talent, it’s enough to throw it away. Because there are many aspiring prosecutors in the world.
But Quan didn’t want to abandon Lian. He was the guy who made me feel that way.
‘How long have you been training… … .’
I don’t hate this guy No, he was a willpower worthy of respect as a swordsman. But one problem was blocking everything. he has no talent He would do anything if he had a little bit, but he didn’t have it at all.
“I’m sorry, Ryan, but you haven’t mastered the schema.”
The cadets’ expressions changed to bewilderment. It was the first time in half a year that the words of sorry came out of Kuan’s mouth.
“It can’t be! here like this… … You’re holding this boulder! Then what the hell is this?”
Kuan sighed and said.
“that… … It’s just the muscle strength of you, who is strong like an idiot.”
Ryan put on a puzzled expression. After a while, the stone he was holding fell with a thump.
August Lian. Last confirmed.
(end of volume 5)
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 116 - Unexpected Guest (1) 3.txt
===============================
[116] Unexpected guest (1)
The first half of the magic school is over.
There was a lot of talk and a lot of trouble, but the atmosphere was warm at the end of the semester.
Teachers were also joking around with their students, waiting for the time to go home.
Swordsmanship schools, which mainly focus on physical training, teach rest as an important skill as training. However, just because it was a magic school that trained the mind didn’t mean to overlook that fact.
Even though the mind is invisible, it is definitely a function that is equipped with human beings. Even the most persistent students needed time to cool their overheated heads.
However, since you must not let go of the tension, Alpheas Magic School requires students who have not held a presentation to write a thesis on a free theme.
Of course, this was not the case for Shirone. He received the highest score at the presentation of ‘Invisible Things’ held by the Supernatural Psychic Research Society, and was able to enjoy his vacation in peace.
On the day of vacation when the students left one by one, Shirone visited the 3rd training center, which was empty.
It was a place that was noisy every day with the sound of chanting and the explosion of magic, but now there was only quiet silence.
The 3rd Training Center was one of the largest among the training centers. A 1,600-meter track ran around the perimeter, and in an area divided into eight equal parts, there were devices for testing various magical effects.
Shirone entered the mobile magic training ground. There are countless movement magics that wizards can use, such as teleportation, fly, dark port, and air walk. The best environment to practice all that magic was a desolate vacant lot.
Shirone looked back on the achievements of half a year there.
‘First of all, movement magic.’
Shirone’s main movement magic was teleportation. From there, he developed further and learned the Rainbow Drop, which can move in a curve, and the Patrol skill, which can move left and right at high speed.
Among the achievements, photon output was also indispensable.
At first, it was just magic to convey information, but as he realized the divine particle, it transformed into a powerful attack magic called Photon Cannon.
Thanks to this, he was able to easily learn the flash magic that keeps the light for a long time.
Shirone was not satisfied there and continued to evolve. He developed the laser by mathematically reversing the photon cannon.
The photon cannon had a high single impact, but the cumulative damage of the laser was close to infinite. It was a terrifying magic that destroyed any solid object other than materials that were not affected by laser waves.
‘Come to think of it, I must have worked pretty hard too.’
Shirone smiled happily. Most of all, what he felt good about was the fact that his major in magic had jumped to the next level.
Currently, Shirone’s theory of photonization has gone beyond quasi-light speed and is in the realm of sub-light speed. The reason Shirone visited the training ground was also to try space movement, which was said to be impossible except for a sub-light magician.
“How does it feel?”
It was on a different level from instant movement. I heard that you can clearly experience the uniqueness of light that folds space-time from space movement.
When I opened the spirit zone, I felt the surrounding scenery clearly through synesthesia. Concentrating her consciousness on a single point, Shirone applied photonization magic at sub-light speed.
The moment he combined omniscience and omnipotence and tilted his center, his body evaporated into light. A flash of light soared high into the sky and in an instant fell to the ground.
Upon arriving at her destination, Shirone let out a rough breath with a pale face.
“Heo-eok! All right, all right!”
For the first time in my life, my heart beat faster. The scenery itself was different from the momentary movement.
When teleportation is cast, the world crumples and feels like it is being pushed. However, moving in space felt like the sky and the earth were rotating as if the world had folded.
‘This is space travel. I have no mind. I can’t use it in battle with this.’
I heard that even Ethella, a certified 6th-class wizard, focused on teleportation in the confrontation with Arcane. In the end, it was proof that space movement was not effective during combat.
The point where space movement really shined was in a moving situation, not a battle.
If you’re moving long distances, you run the risk of crashing into cover if you cast Teleport. Therefore, no matter how wide the spirit zone is, most of them are based on a distance of less than 10 meters.
However, Space Shift can literally jump through space regardless of cover.
Of course, to have a visible effect, the radius of the spirit zone had to be incomparably wider than it is now.
Currently, the diameter of Shirone’s Spirit Zone is approximately 50 meters. Among the students, it was a standard size, but there was a feeling that it was insufficient to handle advanced magic such as space movement.
In the end, the magic level was too high compared to the Spirit Zone. Normally, magic follows the level of the Spirit Zone, but Shirone, an unlocker, has overcome the theoretical barriers with her outstanding insight.
‘The balance has become asymmetrical. Am I supposed to like this?’
Of course, the growth of Spirit Zone was not small either. This is because the size is similar to that of the beginning of admission, but the durability itself is different.
If I had to expand the zone to the level of half a year ago, even a diameter of 100 meters would not be a problem.
However, while casting advanced magic in that state, the zone is broken. So it was reasonable to assume that John’s radius was still 50 meters.
‘Haha, people will laugh at me if I say that I move to a zone this size.’
According to a rough calculation, the zone had to be at least 200 meters in diameter for spatial movement to be effective in practice.
If a wizard receives an urgent mission and moves 10 kilometers, he must cast 1,000 times to reach it by teleportation. However, a wizard with a zone of 200 meters in diameter can cover the distance with only 50 spatial movements.
Being able to reduce the casting time by 950 times in a time-sensitive real battle was a tremendous efficiency.
“Just learning powerful magic isn’t everything. You can’t become a great wizard without the support of the Spirit Zone.”
Besides, even if you train the spirit zone, just widening the radius is not a good idea.
You need to increase the size while having enough durability for the main magic to work. In addition, to increase the accuracy of magic, you had to pay attention to the density.
“Oh my God… … .”
Shirone opened his mouth blankly. He felt as if the road he was going to walk stretched out all the way to the horizon.
Zone’s radius and durability, omnipotence and omnipotence, application and proficiency, practical experience and judgment, etc. The knowledge that a wizard had to learn was endless.
More than anything, what thrilled Shirone was the fact that all of these qualities had to rise simultaneously while achieving a balance.
Upon realizing that fact, he began to see vaguely the form of what kind of path he was pursuing and what magic was.
Shirone felt the joy.
It was because it was proof of growth that I could vaguely feel the reality in the near-infinite magic world.
The same goes for Siena, Ethella, and Arcane. All of them have reached that position after undergoing tremendous training. It was a tough road, of course, but I never thought it was a broken bridge.
‘can do. I can go higher.’
Since I succeeded in being promoted to Class 4, I can apply for the senior class at any time from the next semester. And when you finally graduate, you will become the wizard of your dreams.
“I am a wizard… … .”
Shirone’s heart pounded just from imagining it. He once thought he would have to live in the mountains for the rest of his life. But now it was different. His longed-for dream was becoming a reality.
“Come to think of it, a lot happened.”
When I first entered school, there were times when I was scolded by my classmates for not being able to handle magic. Didn’t he even take an unusual teleportation test in return for that?
“haha! Now that I think about it, it was really pathetic.”
Shirone left the mobile magic training ground and entered the cutting magic training ground in District 4.
As a place to test magical cutting power, a highly viscous cylindrical target was floating on top of the magic circle.
Shirone approached the target and held out his hand.
“Wind cutter.”
At the same time as the chanting, a strong wind blew up. As the sharp wind clawed at the target, the cylinder split in half with a slap.
Air majors train by setting their horoscope to the maximum, but Shirone, who was trying it for the first time, was satisfied with the fact that the magic was successful.
“Hehe, it’s as simple as this.”
Currently, Shirone’s batteries are incomparably stronger than they were at the beginning of admission.
Since he passed all subjects with a score of 80 or higher, the basic magic wind cutter was not a problem.
Of course, not everyone could achieve omnipotence just because they knew the battery. The reason why the magic he tried for the first time can be manifested immediately is because Shirone’s tendency is closer to insight than analysis.
Wizards can be largely divided into theoretical and sensory groups. Each has its own strengths and weaknesses, but when trying a certain task for the first time, it was inevitable that the sensory wave would learn faster than the theoretical wave.
In particular, Shirone belonged to the side with a very clear tendency. The reason why Arcane said earlier that he was the type to learn from Shirone in battle also stems from this.
Reviewing the results of the past half year, Shirone smiled with satisfaction. He seemed to have become quite a wizard by now, even to himself.
“Hey, Shirone!”
“what?”
Looking around the track, Nade and Eruki were waving.
Shirone, who was about to run away, suddenly came up with an interesting idea and stopped walking.
After that, he converted the spirit zone into a target type, calculated the distance to his friends, and cast space movement.
With a whimper and a scratching sound, Shirone’s body fell in front of the two in an instant.
“It’s a surprise! What, what did you just do?”
Nade backed away in surprise. Eruki also opened her eyes wide as if he hadn’t expected it.
“Could it be space travel? Were you practicing until the end of the semester?”
Shirone replied with a shy smile.
“no. You won’t be able to practice at the training ground for the time being. I stopped by to review one last time.”
“But space transfer was the first successful today, right? but it’s so amazing Just try again.”
When Nade made a fuss, Eruki clicked his tongue.
“What’s interesting? It’s not the first time I’ve seen it.”
“No, I think it’s the first time I’ve seen someone my age cast it, right? I thought it was just like that when the teachers did it, but it feels different when Shirone does it.”
“Well, space movement is a difficult magic even for seniors.”
It wasn’t called a major for nothing. Teleportation is the basics of wizards, but it was close to the major from space movement.
Of course, like teleportation, space movement is classified as over power, so it is essential to learn it if you are at the official level 6 level.
However, it was much more difficult than expected to use sub-light speed at the student level, even if you are a major.
“But so far there is no use for it. The travel distance is too short.”
“Why is it useless? At least you surprised Nade.”
“what? When did you say I was surprised? I can do plasma too. Can you show me here?”
Nade was angry, but it was already at the point where the defeat was revealed. Eruki waved his hand in annoyance and said to Shirone.
“it’s okay. Anyway, to sum it up, this is it. You were indulging in narcissism while casting great magic in an empty place, right?”
Shirone blushed. It was only a review of the results of the past half year, but in a sense, Eruki’s words were not wrong.
“No, I’m not like that… … .”
“Well, that’s enough for you. Because you are the person who showed the greatest growth this semester. Anyway, if you’re satisfied, let’s go say hello.”
“Oh right. It is already this time.”
Most of the students went home, but some students stayed at school like Shirone and others. It was to express gratitude to the teachers who worked hard during the semester.
The three of them left the training ground and found the building where the teachers are staying. All the doors to the dorm were open and I could see the cleaners cleaning every room.
Shirone found the meeting place. As expected, numerous teachers were chatting over teacups before leaving for their hometowns.
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 117 - Unexpected Guest (2) 1.txt
===============================
[117] Unexpected Guest (2)
“what? You guys are still not going, what are you doing?”
Shirone and the others, who were standing awkwardly, entered the conference room and bowed their heads as Siena pretended to know.
“Oh, I want to say hello before I go. Thank you for teaching me for one semester.”
The elderly teacher burst out laughing.
“Chuck! Hearing that from the best troublemakers on campus makes me laugh. In any case, you also suffered from suffering. Play hard during vacation. After all, students have to be good at playing.”
Siena, who gave up her seat to Shirone and the others, poured tea and offered a good word.
“Congratulations to all three of you on your promotion. Will you be busier from next semester? It’s good to take a break, but don’t relax. I will keep an eye on you when school starts.”
As expected, Siena had no way of letting go.
But for a teacher who froze the classroom for talking, it was a kind word. As the semester ended, the teachers seemed to relax.
“Yes, I will do my best.”
While Shirone was drinking tea with a cup, Thaad, who was standing next to her, asked Ethella.
“Teacher Ethella, if you have time, you can have a meal with me… … ?”
Shirone almost threw the tea out of his mouth.
No matter how flirtatious he is, he flirts with the monk.
Ethella also smiled awkwardly and waved her hand, probably embarrassed.
“sorry. I have to manage the parish while on vacation.”
“Ah, that’s right. If I could be guided by a beautiful woman like Miss Ethella, I would also like to join the Karsis Monastery right away.”
Ethella is lost. You can’t say this to the bishop of the religious order without going crazy.
However, as a woman who pursues goodness, she was polite until the end.
“Whoops, I’m sorry. Then, what will Mr. Thaad do during his vacation?”
Siena intercepted the answer.
“Hey, I’m going to go somewhere and go around with a woman.”
Thaad’s brow wrinkled.
Why the hell does this woman keep fighting over everything? By the end of the semester, she seemed to get sick if she didn’t have a chat.
If you get angry, you lose, so Thaad shrugged his shoulders as if nothing was wrong.
“Haha, there is nothing shameful about falling in love at this age. I’m really worried about Siena-sensei. I think it will be difficult to find a partner for her because of her picky personality.”
“I beg your pardon?”
“What is it? I’m not saying there’s no charm, no charm. I know it just by looking at it. You’ve never even dated a guy before, have you? That’s because of his tough personality.”
Siena raised her eyes and shouted.
“Don’t overdo it! Because I’ve dated men at least!”
At the unexpected remark, the teachers all turned to Siena.
Shirone and her friends, who knew of the painful relationship with Armin, were also surprised.
“Sir, are you for real? when? Who did you date?”
Sad laughed as he held onto his stomach.
“haha! Guys, do you believe that? I was just shy and walked around. Isn’t that right, Siena-sensei?”
“You make fun of me. I really dated you!”
“is it so? So who are you? Wouldn’t it be rude to ask for your name?”
Siena gritted her teeth and glared at Thaad.
I don’t know about anyone else, but I never wanted to lose to this man.
“mind… … .”
“mind?”
Everyone’s ears perked up.
“Magic and dating.”
Siena’s face brightened.
People say that when people try to come, words beyond reason come out without hesitation, and the current situation was just that.
As the atmosphere in the conference room became solemn, the red-faced teachers turned their heads.
Thaad also wanted to avoid the seat, but he barely held back and answered.
“Ah yes. All right.”
“Are you ignoring me now? I intend to dedicate my life to magic. Is that a bad thing!”
“No, sorry. It seems I made a mistake.”
Thaad slurped the hot tea and turned away from Siena.
Shirone and the others, who were watching this, covered their mouths and suppressed laughter.
It was the daily life of teachers who could not normally come into contact with it.
“Everyone didn’t go back and stayed here.”
“Oh, Principal!”
Alpheas entered the conference room.
I was staying at the hostel because my teaching qualifications were suspended, and I was about to stop by when the students fled.
“There were also bad guys. I struggled for a semester.”
“Thanks to the good leadership of the principal. We are also grateful.”
“Heh heh, am I still the principal? From next semester, the temporary principal dispatched by the Magic Association will come. Treat him as well as you do now.”
Nade’s face darkened.
No matter how much I thought about it, it didn’t seem like a better person would ever come.
Alfeas was the best principal without even mentioning that the old school was the best.
“What kind of person are you? Isn’t this going to be even more difficult next semester?”
“Chuck! Things like that happen, too. But it’s okay to be confident. The achievements you have made this semester are great. You will be able to do well next semester too.”
As the teachers emptied the car and packed their belongings one by one, Shirone and the others prepared to leave.
“Principal, then I’ll see you after school starts.”
“okay. Go on a trip with your family, and have a good rest. Oh, and Shirone, could you give me a minute?”
Shirone, who had followed her friends out the door, turned around.
said Nade, pointing at the door with his thumb.
“Then we’ll be waiting outside. Hey Shirone, I’ll be in our hallway.”
“Oh, okay.”
In the empty conference room, Shirone met Alpheas alone.
His expression was quite serious, so Shirone was also nervous and waited for his words.
“The reason I asked to see you is because of Miro’s work.”
“Oh, I see.”
Shirone recalled the image of the maze.
Her promotion was finalized and she had a hectic day, but the impression of her was still strong in my mind.
“I wonder what it is like. Are you still interested in investigating the labyrinth?”
“yes. I’ll have to talk to my parents, but I’m trying to make the most of my time. Since it’s vacation anyway, I thought there would be no chance if it wasn’t now.”
“I see. It will be a good experience.”
Alpheas obediently agreed.
However, an unpleasant aftertaste remained on his face.
“Did you call for that?”
Alpheas finally brought out the words inside.
“No, actually, I called because I wanted to ask you something. Can you tell me what the maze was like at the time?”
“If the condition… … You mean a state of mind?”
“okay. As for the mind, anyway, I want to hear more about the maze you saw.”
Shirone recalled what happened at the time.
The time we met was short, but it was such a big event that I remembered even the smallest conversations I had with her.
“Hmm, when I think about it, I feel a little… … It seemed to change rapidly. At the time, I was passed on because he was a mysterious person.”
“How much was it? Was it serious enough?”
“No, it wasn’t like that. Of course, I think there were times when it was creepy.”
Alpheas sighed softly.
In the short life of Shirone, indescribable complex emotions have been conveyed.
“Did you look lonely, maze?”
“At the time, I asked the same thing, but Mr. Miro said that God doesn’t feel alone.”
“God does not feel lonely. Hmm.”
A shadow fell over Alpheas’ face.
Perhaps Miro wanted to tell himself through Shirone’s mouth.
‘No, are you telling them… … .’
Shirone carefully examined Alpheas.
What happened to make such a serious face?
But since I had promised not to dig too deep, I couldn’t ask outright.
“If the headmaster is that concerned, I won’t even investigate the ruins.”
Only then did Alpheas wake up from his thoughts.
Come to think of it, I was too engrossed in my thoughts while sitting down.
“huh? no. The Kergo ruins are a tourist destination, so go see them when you get a chance. You should be able to get a rough idea of what the world Miro lives in is like.”
“You mean, is there really a secret hidden there? But it’s a tourist destination, right?”
“Chuck! It’s no fun if you tell me everything. But never relax. I gave permission for the investigation because I believe in your skills.”
Shirone realized that horses have bones.
Alpheas was the one who set the students free. However, because of that, he also had a mischievous tendency to aide in moderate danger.
“yes. I will do my best to investigate.”
After saying goodbye to Alpheas, Shirone left the meeting room and encountered friends waiting in the hallway.
“Shirone, what were you talking about?”
“About Mr. Miro I told you about before.”
“Aha, come to think of it, you said you were curious about him, right? Did you say Kergo Ruins?”
“that’s right. But after hearing what the principal said, I became more curious. I’m going to take my time.”
“Sorry. We want to go with you too.”
“no. During vacation, I should spend it with my family.”
“Sheesh, not even a kid, who said that because of that? It’s a problem because if you don’t go home, you’re half dead.”
Nade stuck out his tongue as if imagining it was terrifying.
It was the same with Eruki. Since his father was the head of Yongleo, he was in a position where he could not act rashly outside.
“Still, I am very curious. To say that a person named Miro was the president of our study group, after all, he is my direct senior, right? Then maybe you were watching me too?”
Eruki broke Nade’s innocence.
“Shirone said it. If you don’t enter Immortal Function, contact itself is impossible. You are probably staying somewhere in the middle dimension between this world and the other world.”
“Ah, I wanted to meet you and say hello.”
“Well, maybe I can see it before I die. Anyway, it’s time to say goodbye. Good luck everyone.”
Three wagons were waiting at the place Eruki pointed to.
Among them, what stood out was the splendid two-headed carriage sent by the Mercodyne family.
“Oh, a first-class aristocrat after all. They are different classes.”
“shut up. It’s all a waste of money. Besides, that thing is so slow that it even explodes.”
The three said goodbye.
We will see each other again after a while, but when the time for parting came back, I felt sad.
“Shirone, Eruki. Gonna miss you. This is the first time I’ve hated vacation like this.”
“Are you okay? Can you stand it?”
Eruki asked anxiously.
Knowing what Nade’s family was like, he could guess how scared Nade must be now.
But unexpectedly, Nade smiled brightly.
It was different from last semester. It must be because he is carrying a bunch of happy memories while meeting Shirone.
“No problem. I should go back and reorganize first, and start playing properly from next semester. Everyone is healthy and doing well.”
The three people, who had shared their joys and sorrows for half a year, waved their hands as they walked to their respective wagons.
“Good! Then see you on the first day of school!”
* * *
A week ago.
Like other swordsmanship academies, Kaizen Swordsmanship Academy has completed the first half of its training.
Although Lian received the worst report card, her steps back home were light because she had a positive personality.
I thought I wanted to go back to my hometown right away, but I had no choice but to go to the palace because I had to find my luggage at my sister’s house.
‘Damn it, I have to meet that witch again. Had I known it would be like this, I would have left it at her grandfather’s house. If you look at the report card, she’ll try to kill her.’
Lian opened the door to the mansion, hoping that Reina had left.
As an artist recognized in the palace, the mansion was large and luxurious. But for Lian, it was only a needlessly long escape.
Like a stray cat, they passed the hall stealthily, but the sound of the piano reverberated loudly as if to trample on Lian’s expectations.
“shit! Were you at home?”
The sound of the keyboard was so loud that even his voice was drowned out.
Raina was sitting at the grand piano decorating one side of the hall, concentrating only on playing.
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 118 - Unexpected Guest (3) 1.txt
===============================
[118] Unexpected guest (3)
As she became a disciple of melodious pianist Merhen, her skills improved.
It became sensitive enough to detect even the minute air pressure in the schema, and the fingers were leaping over the keys so quickly that they could not be seen.
Raina’s performance that even the royal family praised.
However, to Lian, who had been disturbed by that sound since she was young, it was just a murderous noise.
“Damn it, the witch is stronger. But people don’t die that much.”
Reina seemed to hear nothing but the sound of the playing.
It was evident that he was highly focused, judging by the pouting of his lower lip.
My hair was frizzy and my eyes were watery, perhaps because I had stayed up all night.
He was wearing only shorts, so his thighs were exposed.
In fact, she had been playing the piano for 17 hours.
It was a funeral song famous for its high level of difficulty on the continent, but recently it has been struggling with difficulties.
Barriers to artists are both a curse and a blessing. It’s because it’s a phenomenon that appears right before you improve your skills.
In that case, Reina would jump over the barrier for days and nights.
Ryan caught a glimpse of new hope.
If I could sneak into my sister’s room and pack my belongings, then I could either jump out the window or break the wall to escape.
‘Okay, let’s calm down. I’m going back to my hometown.’
Lian moved slowly along the blind spot of the grand piano.
If he could only go up to the stairs like this, the operation would have been a great success.
Of course, Rayna was sitting on top of her brother’s head.
The moment the light of hope lit up Lian’s eyes, he cut off the performance again without a doubt.
‘Oh, damn it.’
Reina said without even looking away.
“What are you doing from now on? Do swordsmanship schools teach people how to make people laugh?”
“Sheesh, if you saw it, you wouldn’t have to pretend to know it. And what the heck is that? What kind of panties do grown girls play the piano with? She told me not to blaspheme art.”
“It’s black again. It wasn’t quite right.”
Contrary to the threatening words, Raina picked up the skirt and put it on.
During practice, only family members knew that he took off his clothes one by one as the stress got worse.
“Hehe, but you seem to be ashamed in front of your sister, right? Aww!”
The moment Lian burst into laughter, Reina’s sole hit her face.
Rian also trained hard, but still couldn’t even react at such a speed.
“shit. What are you doing dirty? Wow!”
Reina held out her hand to Rian, who was shaking his lips.
“Give me the report card.”
Ryan’s face hardened.
As expected, what was to come had to come.
“Eh, why the hell does my sister care so much about my report card? Now that I’m all grown up Ouch!”
Rayna shouted, pulling Lian’s ear.
“Don’t you give it up? Do you really want to die today?”
“Ah Okay! Here, here!”
Ryan took out his report card from his inside pocket and threw it on the floor.
Then, without looking back, he ran to his room.
“Ugh! that was less right When are you going to grow up?”
Reina picked up the report card and spread it in front of her eyes.
The scores of the training subjects came down in order, and at the end, the number of all students and the overall rank were written.
Reina’s hands trembled after checking her rank.
Last!
It wasn’t even second to last, it was really last.
‘Nonsense. No matter how pathetic she is, she works hard.’
Raina turned over her report card and checked the dedicated teacher comments section.
As she read the text, her eyes widened in shock.
We are sorry to hear that your child finished the school year with poor grades.
Currently, Ryan thinks he has opened the schema, but the teachers have determined that it is only a placebo effect caused by an increase in muscle strength.
It’s a phenomenon called imaginary schema, and although it’s extremely rare, it can happen occasionally. This is a time when you need the warm attention of your family.
“Oh no, really! I can’t live!”
Reina crumpled up her report card and went up the stairs in a huff.
When I opened the door and went in, I saw Lian sitting like a bear packing his things.
“hey! You are in last place!”
“Oh, I don’t know. It happened.”
“Besides, an imaginary schema? What the hell does this mean? So what… … Like imaginary pregnancy… … What is it?”
“I guess so.”
Rian answered as if it had happened to someone else and continued what he was doing.
From the moment the report card was released, he was free from all worries.
Reina glared at Lian as her insides bubbling.
Then he couldn’t stand it and slapped Lian’s back mercilessly.
“Oh, you burn! Die, die!”
“ouch! it hurts!”
“Is this really that hard? You just need to open the schema!”
“I don’t know! What can I do? I mean I did my best. I’m going anyway, so get out of the way. I might miss the carriage time.”
“Where are you going? Stay right at home! As soon as the work here is finished, I will go down with my grandfather, so you go with me then!”
“no! I have an appointment!”
“promise? What promise to you? Do you still want to play after seeing these results?”
Rian was so moved that she almost used the Shirone card.
But I persevered to the end. It was something she should never have said to Reina.
It was none other than a pair trip.
If she heard that Shirone was going with a woman, it was clear that Reina would use any means to prevent her from going.
‘I’m jealous of being ugly.’
At first, I wanted Shirone and my sister to do well, but now I feel like it won’t be enough even if I dry it off.
A prudent and calm woman suited Shirone much better than a witch like this.
“What promise? Can’t you speak sooner?”
“I have an appointment with a woman. I mean, we decided to go play.”
“female? What kind of girl does a guy who goes to swordsmanship school meet?”
“There are women there too. It’s Elzaine Tess, and your sister knows the Elzaine family too, right? She is the daughter there.”
Reina was familiar with the Elsaine family, which had been prominent in the diplomatic field for a long time.
However, the daughter of such an elite family would have a high nose.
I couldn’t even imagine going on a trip with my younger brother who came back after finishing last in school.
“Where are you lying? Be honest! Do you have other ulterior motives?”
“I don’t know, don’t mind! Then I go!”
Ignoring Reina’s nagging attack, Lian, who was absorbed in stuffing her backpack, quickly stood up and ran away as soon as the opportunity presented itself.
“hey! Aren’t you standing there?”
When Rayna stepped out the door, Lian had already jumped down the stairs to the second floor and ran to the front door.
It wasn’t a distance that I couldn’t catch up with if I activated the schema, but Reina let it go with an annoyed expression.
Lian, who had been Bob since childhood, was the expression of his confidence that he could control it even from 100,000 miles away.
“Whoops. Yes, take a hard carriage ride and go. Let’s see who gets there faster.”
Behind Lian, who was running away, Raina was waving her report card.
* * *
After seeing off her friends, Shirone walked to the carriage sent by the Ogent family.
Temuran, the sub-butler of the main family, came out to meet him.
As befits the person who bullied Shirone when cleaning up the Great Library, even after half a year had passed, he still had the same tough impression.
However, the attitude towards them was quite different.
Of course, politely bow your head. He had a good smile on his lips.
“It’s been a while, young master. You did a great job.”
“It’s been a while since the sub-butler.”
At first, it was awkward to hear the name ‘Bocchan’, but after half a year, it didn’t bother me at all.
Of course, it’s true that it’s still embarrassing.
The two sat in the carriage and chatted until they headed for Shirone’s house.
In particular, Shirone was glad to know how the people of the Ogent family were doing.
“Wow, you’ve already obtained a public official?”
Ryan’s older brother, Ogent Lai, passed the official exam.
Of course, as is common with 10th grade prosecutors, he was not in a position to relax, and he said that he was having a hectic day at the front line.
“yes. In addition, Lady Reina has been promoted to the 7th Music Band of the Royal Palace. She’s on a winning streak. The head of household is still busy with public affairs, and the elder is said to retire soon and return to her hometown.”
“Aha, but I heard that Lian’s older brother is also there? What are you doing?”
“Well, that is not something I can comment on. Just know that it’s a certified level 6 swordsman. Presumptuous advice, but it would be better not to mention the eldest son even at the family home.”
“Oh, I see.”
Considering the character of the Ogent family, it wasn’t a family that would cause discord between them.
Even so, I thought that if it was a story that could not be brought up, it might be a political issue.
“How is Rihanna? I will see you sooner or later.”
Temuran’s answer was the shortest so far.
“You haven’t contacted me for half a year.”
“ha ha ha! It’s like Rihanna.”
While having a pleasant conversation, the carriage entered the mountains before I knew it.
Shirone opened the window and enjoyed the scenery of her hometown.
The colorful forest scene already seemed to welcome his return.
The carriage entered the courtyard of Shirone’s house.
It was the exact same place when Temuran came to pick up Shirone the other day.
“Thank you for the ride. I’ll see you again soon.”
“I just did what I had to do. Then have a good time.”
Shirone turned around with a thrilled heart.
Seeing the shabby but friendly log cabin gave me a new feeling.
‘thank you. I will be filial during vacation.’
The closer I got to the house, the more I thought of my parents.
A mother who had suffered so far and a father who did not hesitate to kneel down to send himself to magic school.
Shirone opened the door and shouted with emotion.
“mom! dad!”
“Uh ha ha ha! that’s right! After all, beer is best eaten with pork!”
“Is your father like that too? Beer doesn’t go well with mutton either!”
“Because it is. The mutton tastes fishy and the alcohol tastes bad. now! Let’s have another drink while we’re at it!”
Shirone stared blankly at the living room.
I was surprised that it was more festive than expected, but the reason I was really shocked was because of the big boy sharing a drink with Vincent.
He was much taller than before and his hair was shorter. But as much as her strong impression, it was definitely Lian.
“Shirone! You are here!”
Lian jumped up.
But it was Vincent who ran faster than anyone else.
The moment I hugged him, I could smell the alcohol. It looked like he drank a lot.
“Oops! Here comes my son! Are you not hurt anywhere?”
“Oh, the smell of alcohol. What happened all of a sudden? Why is Lian at my house?”
“I stayed for two days to see you. He helped me with tree harvesting and went hunting together. how is it? Wasn’t it fun, Ryan?”
“ha ha ha! Of course, Father! After all, a true man must know how to hunt!”
Shirone was not amused.
The father he knew was not the kind of person who would treat aristocrats carelessly, even if they were his son’s friends.
What the hell did they do for the past 2 days, so that the two of them were drinking before lunchtime?
Shirone broke out of Vincent’s arms as he rubbed his beard and shouted at Lian.
“I heard you lost contact? Have you been to your hometown?”
“No, why are you going to your parents’ house? This is the master’s house. Isn’t that right, Father?”
“You sound funny! What else have you been up to?”
“My, what accident did I have?”
I pretended not to, but I could tell just by looking at Lian’s face.
It wasn’t that I couldn’t go home, it was that I couldn’t go home.
Shirone sighed and entered the living room.
‘Haa, this isn’t it… … .’
The long-awaited father and son reunion ended in a drinking bin.
However, seeing my father thinner than before, I also thought that it was fortunate that I could not cry.
“Oh, Shirone is here. Come here, my son.”
Olina hugged Shirone warmly.
As expected, thinking that the only thing she could trust in the world was her mother, Shirone was finally able to exchange greetings that fit her taste.
“Mom, you went through a lot while I was gone, right? sorry.”
“What is suffering? The Ogent family helped me a lot.”
Olina patted Shirone on the back while glancing at Vincent.
My son came after half a year, but I didn’t like how he was drunk.
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 119 - Unexpected Guest (4) 1.txt
===============================
[119] Unexpected guest (4)
Rihanna fanned Olina’s burning chest.
“Father, it’s not like this, let’s go get some wood right now. To commemorate Shirone’s arrival!”
“Puhaha! Could it be? Okay, let’s burn it properly with the three of us!”
“honey! What kind of tree is it while drinking? Go in and go to sleep.”
“Mom, it’s okay. I will come and go.”
Shirone readily accepted. Now that this has happened, I thought it would be okay to solve the problem properly.
On the other hand, Olina couldn’t let go of her worries. Although Vincent is very drunk, climbing a mountain while drunk was dangerous even for a mountain climber.
“Is that okay? And what if you get hurt?”
“It’s okay because I have it. I’ll be back before lunch.”
In the past, he would have followed Olina’s words, but now the situation was different. She had once defended her children against fearsome ulks, so nothing to worry about.
Olina was unfamiliar with such a son. Her expression was definitely brighter than before, and she was overflowing with confidence in her words and actions.
Is this the power of education? Although he was a good boy, there were many times he didn’t know what he was thinking, and now he has become a completely different person. More than anything he seemed to be able to love himself a little more.
After Olina’s permission was given, the three men left for the logging area, exchanging stories they hadn’t heard before. In particular, Lian walked quickly because she wanted to show her achievements so far.
Lian, who stayed at Vincent’s house for two days, heard an anecdote about Shirone’s childhood. Among them, the most impressive part was the thunder attack. Around the time she confronted Shirone at her hometown, she had a hard time getting stabbed by a sword, so her interest increased.
Arriving at the logging area, Lian shouted.
“ruler! Then, like a man, shall we beat a tree? How are you, Shirone? do you want to bet with me The loser will grant the wish.”
Lian, who was bigger than before, had no trouble holding the two-handed ax with one hand. To exaggerate, if Lian was a dead tree, Shirone was like a squirrel standing next to it.
“good. so what?”
Shirone meekly agreed. He had never lost a bet with Lian. Can’t the winner run away when the loser challenges?
Lian raised the axe and nodded to Vincent, who also raised his thumb under his arms.
“Then do it first.”
Rian swung the ax with all his might. There was a thud, and the trunk of the tree shook.
Absolutely devastating force. He could see how rigorous he trained for half a year.
“Wow, that’s great. Is that schema?”
“huh? Ahaha! Of course not! Do you need to do skima as much as chopping wood?”
Rian’s answer was somewhat awkward, but Shirone decided to move on.
Lian raised the ax again. Then, looking back at Shirone, he winked at him in one eye.
“The real thing is from now on.”
Lian’s ax hit the area where the shell had burst again. A clap of thunder was heard and the tree fell at once.
“Thunderstorm… … .”
Shirone noticed at once. The fact that he succeeded in Thunder Meegi meant that Lian could also perform swordsmanship.
“Uh ha ha ha! How are you, Shirone? I am not the old me!”
Contrary to what he shouted out loud, Lian’s heart was racing. To be honest, there was a small chance of failure.
He learned swordsmanship at swordsmanship school, but his success rate against people was quite low.
However, thanks to Vincent’s explanation of Thunderstrike and practicing all day long, he was about to raise it to the level of success with trees nine times out of ten.
“amazing. It’s different from the thunder attack I do.”
“Is this a natural result? Anyway, a bet is a bet. I succeeded in two attempts, so you should take it down with one!”
Vincent let out a hearty laugh.
“haha! Shirone, try your best. If there is a tie, it continues until one person wins. Wouldn’t it be enough to cut down the entire mountain?”
Vincent thought Shirone wouldn’t be able to touch it either. Lian’s strength is great, but from an early age, Shirone had a natural talent in the technical field.
“Now, use my axe.”
“no it’s okay. I’ll just do it like this.”
Shirone approached the tree and held out her hand. Then, Vincent and Lian made puzzled expressions. How can you fell a thick tree without an axe?
After estimating the location, Shirone entered the Spirit Zone. And he hit the tree with the wind cutter, which can be called basic magic.
Tak from the inside of the tree trunk! and a crackling sound was heard.
With that, everything was over.
As the two people watching tilted their heads, Shirone slowly pushed the tree. Then the log fell over, revealing a clean cut.
“Hurray! I won!”
Unlike Shirone, who jumped up and down with excitement, Vincent and Lian had their mouths wide open as if their jaws were missing.
How can a tree be cut down without any damage? It was impossible without the use of magic.
‘Ah, that’s magic.’
Lian looked at the root of the tree Shirone had cut down. Even if he was a swordsman trainee, he wouldn’t be able to cut it so smoothly.
“What kind of magic is this?”
“It’s called a wind cutter. It makes the air sharp by raising the wind, and in fact, it can be said to be the basic of the basics.”
Vincent was speechless at the sight of his son who had changed.
Of course, since I was sent to a magic school, I assumed that I would have learned one magic, but it was true that I was only thinking about the circus troupe’s rare instruments.
By the way, I cut a log at once. Depending on how you handled it, it was like a murder weapon.
“haha. I can’t believe it. Can daddy teach you too? If you cut trees with that magic, you will earn much more than you do now.”
Shirone laughed embarrassingly at Vincent’s naive words.
“It’s basic magic, but it’s not that easy to learn.”
If you learn the wind cutter, it is natural that you can cut more than 100 trees a day. But no wizard in the world ever made money from trees.
Even if it were a thousand trees, it was because the wizard’s daily wage was much higher. It wasn’t that the value of a thousand trees was low, but that the wizard’s salary was high.
Shirone realized that and felt better. He had a great fear of failure when he entered school, but now he was relieved that he had the skills to support his family even if he couldn’t graduate.
If others heard it, they would think that the wizard who opened Immortal Function was crazy, but to Shirone, family was just as precious.
“Anyway, since I won, I will tell you my wish. Lian carries her tree to her house.”
“Sheesh! I can’t. I was going to listen anyway.”
Lian cut the fallen tree into pieces and prepared to return with a fork.
Although he lost the bet, a smile hung on Lian’s lips as he descended the mountain. Shirone personally proved that her eyes were not mistaken.
‘That’s great, Shirone. Of course, what I showed you today is not all of you, right?’
When we got back to the house, Olina had prepared all sorts of food. Literally delicacies from the mountains and seas, it seemed that all the foods that could be found on land, sea, and air had been brought up.
“Wow, that sounds delicious. thank you for this food!”
While eating, Shirone told me about what had happened at school.
Of course, I omitted the situations where my life was at stake, but there were so many other things besides that.
“… … So, the correct answer was number 3. ha ha ha! Thanks to that, I was promoted to Class Four from the next semester.”
“ah-ha, I see.”
Contrary to expectations, Vincent and Olina did not respond. Shirone, who was still wondering if there was anything more to say, opened her hand as if you finally realized it.
“It is incredibly great.”
Then, a blush appeared on both of their faces. I had never been to school, so I couldn’t understand half of what Shirone said, but the joy of his son’s achievement was no different from other parents.
“aha! You mean that? Congratulations, Shirone!”
“Good job, my son. How worried her mom was.”
Olina picked up the tablecloth and wiped away her tears.
Lian smiled heartily as she looked at the scene of a loving family. He seemed to know where Shirone’s calm personality began.
“Anyway, Rian, why did you really come here?”
“Oh right. Come to think of it, I came to ask for permission from you two.”
“You can say anything. If there is anything I can do, of course I should help.”
That’s what he said, but Vincent was quite worried. What permission did the son of an aristocratic family ask the mountaineer for?
“Can I go play with Shirone? About a week.”
Shirone turned her head away as if it were absurd.
“What, to play? Why are you talking about things I don’t know? Where are you going?”
“Galliant Island. don’t worry. Because I had a plan in advance.”
“what? Galliant?”
Shirone opened her eyes wide. When a place that had been on her mind lately came out of her mouth, she was startled.
“When I was working in the library, I was completely locked up. Let’s take this opportunity to get some fresh air. It’s also close to Creas. It will be fun. Galliante Island is one of the most popular vacation spots in the world.”
“Besides, there are Kergo Ruins.”
This time, Rihanna was surprised.
“huh? Did you know?”
“No, I didn’t know that there were ruins. Whoa, it must have been such a famous place. This is surprising.”
Shirone, who had been searching the map for several days, found out that the Kergo ruins were on Galliant Island. I had a vague feeling that it was a ruin, but I remembered that I decided to visit it because it was not far away.
Shirone looked at her mother. He had intended to go once during vacation, but he would be disappointed if his son returned after half a year and said he was going straight away.
However, as always, Olina followed Shirone’s will.
“Come on. We are all in favor.”
“But Mom, this time I was going to help my father with his work when he gets back from school… … .”
Vincent burst out laughing.
“Hey! Have you been to a battlefield? I came here after going to school, so I can go play during vacation. If a boy is looking for his parents too much, he won’t be able to use that either.”
Shirone pursed his lips with a prickly expression. Of course, the magic school was also a school, but it was no exaggeration to say that the danger he experienced there was close to the battlefield.
“Then, can we set the period to ten days?”
“huh? ten days? It doesn’t matter, but wouldn’t it be a place worth visiting for that long?”
“Ah, actually, there is something I want to investigate separately.”
Lian put on a tired expression.
“Are you studying there too? You are amazing too, really.”
Since Shirone had read through all the history books in the Ogent family, studying at the resort would not have been a chore.
‘Hehehe, but it won’t be easy this time. Will studying really catch my eye there?’
Recalling a trump card, Lian secretly waited for tomorrow with a smile.
* * *
Shirone packed her suitcase and went to bed. Rian also decided to stay until today, so the two lay side by side with a blanket on the floor.
“Tell me anyway. Why didn’t you go home?”
“huh? Oh, that’s… … .”
Ryan was speechless. Just as Rayna knows her sister, Rihanna knew her sister well. It was clear that she was probably trying to catch herself by mailing her report card home.
But I couldn’t tell Shirone the truth. He did his best, so he wasn’t ashamed of being in last place, but his mouth didn’t drop at all.
“Just a trivial family matter. ha ha ha.”
Shirone didn’t argue anymore.
“Anyway, it’s fine. I was going to go there at least once during vacation anyway.”
“Did you say Kergo Ruins? What are you going to investigate?”
“I don’t know yet. I’m going to enjoy my vacation as it is, so it’s okay. For now, I’ll play with you on the island, and then I’ll stay alone to investigate.”
Ryan felt that something was out of the ordinary. The Kergo ruins were a tourist destination. There was no way that Shirone would tell her to go back first if she was simply doing research in a place like that.
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 120 - Unexpected Guest (5) 1.txt
===============================
[120] Unexpected Guest (5)
“By the way, Shirone… … If you really want to do something on the island, there’s one problem.”
“huh? What’s the problem?”
“Actually, I prepared for this vacation as a couple trip.”
“A pair trip? So you mean male and female, male and female?”
“huh. My partner is supposed to come this way. I should have said it first. I didn’t know you would say you would investigate the ruins.”
Shirone looked up at the dark ceiling. It’s a pair trip. If so, he was sounding that he should bring a partner too.
“okay. I’ll bring one too.”
Rian looked back at Shirone in surprise. The Shirone he knew was a sukmaek that made her face blush just by looking at her underwear. He thought that finding a partner would be the biggest obstacle and kept quiet, but he broke expectations and easily agreed.
“you… … Are you popular with women?”
“huh? Not like that. But I have someone to go with. Actually, I was thinking about it. If you hadn’t made an offer, I would have asked first.”
Ryan’s eyes lit up. I don’t know what she meant, but didn’t she mean that she had a girl on her mind anyway?
“haha! Wouldn’t the witch in my house be sad if she heard it?”
“Sister Raina? Why is my sister?”
“Cheuk, no. Anyway, I’m dying of curiosity what kind of girl are you Pretty?”
“huh. It’s pretty, it’s pretty… … I don’t know if you will come with me. Maybe you will be rejected all at once.”
“No, you have to bring it unconditionally. Go tomorrow and ask for permission. In the meantime, I’ll go home and get ready.”
Shirone delayed answering. If Rihanna brings a partner, he must bring himself too.
But I wasn’t sure. If you can infer it according to your usual personality, there was a high probability of being kicked out with a very high probability.
These and other worries squeezed Shirone’s heart. But at the same time, I was also excited.
It was my first trip and I was with friends. In addition, I heard that Galliante Island is a famous tourist destination with the charm of a southern country.
Shirone couldn’t sleep until late at night.
new encounter (1)
Shirone broke up with Lian in the noble residence. Since the departure was tomorrow, he had to find a partner today.
I went to her house to ask because it was dark in the geography of this area. The place she finally arrived at was a mansion too beautiful to be said to have been built solely for residential convenience.
‘This is Karmis’ home.’
At school, we talked without being shy, but when I thought I was going home, I was scared. Even the guards at the front gate were looking suspiciously, which made me even more nervous.
“uh… … hello?”
“What are you here for?”
As Shirone approached, the guard’s grip on the sword tightened. It was because he reacted unknowingly. After going through countless difficulties, Shirone’s prayers had grown enough to overwhelm the criminal.
“Do you have Amy?”
The impression of the guard hardened. He had heard rumors that Amy was an object of envy among men her age. However, few people came to her hometown to visit her.
“Excuse me, but who are you?”
“Oh, my name is Shirone. He’s a friend from magic school.”
The guard looked back at his superior as if he couldn’t judge. Then the boss’s face darkened.
Although it is certainly a rare case, it was not particularly unfamiliar to him, who has lived in Karmis’ home for 20 years.
‘Ha, annoying. It’s starting again right after vacation.’
In any case, I had no choice but to report unless the head family gave an order to strictly ban outsiders.
When the superior conveyed the meaning with a chin, the guard personally drove the horse and headed for the mansion.
Shirone waited at the front door anxiously. Meanwhile, the superior glanced sideways at Shirone.
He looked good and had a good personality, but he wouldn’t be able to enter the mansion anyway.
So far, many men have been rejected. There have even been times when a person who was only a distant relative of the royal family went home without ever seeing Amy.
It was unimaginable if it were not for the Karmis family, whose name was known throughout the continent.
After waiting for about 10 minutes, the guard hurriedly returned on horseback. The superior could predict the outcome just by looking at the concerned subordinate’s face.
It is always the gatekeepers who are in trouble at times like this. It was because if an indignant aristocrat even kicked the cheek, he would be beaten without a hitch.
The superior made up words he had no intention of relieving the burden of his subordinates.
“How is it? From what I hear, it sounds like you have urgent business to take care of today.”
“Here, come in.”
“Um, that’s right. You guys are so busy… … huh? what?”
The superior questioned, doubting his ears. The guard making the report was clearly perplexed as this was the first time such a case had occurred.
“that is… … Lady Amy told me to bring her.”
“Oh, I guess you were at home. thank god.”
Shirone let out a sigh of relief. It was because he saw that there was no way for him, a commoner, to enter the mansion if Amy was away.
After a while, a pink carriage arrived at the front door. The guards’ faces turned pale as the benevolent old man stepped out of the wagon with a cane.
It was Adele, the butler of the Karmis family.
Shirone noticed the person who came to meet him and asked the guard.
“Can I go in now?”
“Ah yes! Welcome to the Karmis family!”
The superior hastily raised the example of a soldier. Still, he couldn’t understand the current situation.
Adele, though, allowed entry? No matter what kind of person Shirone was, even if she was a son of a great family, there was no reason for the butler of the Karmis family to meet her.
The only time Adele moves is when there is a big event in the family or when guests from the head of the family visit.
‘Who are you? He said he was the lady’s friend, so he must not be the guest of the household. Is there any event today? No, I’ve never heard of such a thing.’
Adele walked towards Shirone with a cane. He had a mild impression for a house owner in charge of a large mansion.
“Welcome to Karmis Mansion. My name is Adele, the butler.”
“hello. My name is Shirone.”
“okay. It’s a presumptuous statement, but there’s something I need to check before taking you to the mansion.”
“Oh, what is it?”
“Please verify your identity. Are you really Shirone-sama?”
Shirone looked at Adele as if she couldn’t understand.
“My lady said: If it’s Shirone, bring it. I am interpreting this word as follows. Only Shirone must be allowed to enter. Therefore, you will have to show me proof that you are Shirone-sama.”
Shirone’s anger was intense. If it’s Shirone, the words to bring it were nothing more than Amy’s grumbling tone, and to add to that, it could be an impersonation, so it was enough to ask her to find out.
How much should I expand on it to even say that I want to prove my identity?
“How do I prove that I am myself? I am Shirone.”
“I can’t be sure of that. I am the butler of the Karmis family. We have the responsibility and authority to clarify the identity of the person entering and exiting the country.”
“If you just take her to Amy… … !”
Shirone stopped talking. Adele’s benevolent face suddenly began to feel scary, and an unknown energy pressed his chest and back. It felt like my organs were about to burst.
“The Karmis family are the best nobles who refuse to compare themselves with other families. Also, I, Adele, as the butler, only follows the head of the household. Now that I am personally serving the lady’s guests, I will have to show sincerity equal to that.”
Shirone realized why Adele was acting crookedly. After all, he meant that he was offended that he had to do what a mediocre butler could do. Even so, the reason why he couldn’t show off his bad mood was because the energy that weighed down his lungs was getting stronger.
‘eww… … It’s finally starting. Pressing.’
The guards felt sympathy for Shirone. Adele, who was known for being picky, often called and pressed her men over even the slightest mistake.
Pressing that disrupts the nervous system by conveying abnormally amplified emotions to the other person.
It did not cause physical pain, but the gradually amplifying stress affected the body, and it was a dangerous technique that could destroy major organs if done properly.
‘Oh, does this mean that it can withstand this too?’
Shirone was nervous, but did not show any significant change. Adele, who was relieved to see her calmly taking out the stress, gradually increased the intensity of the pressing.
Originally, I didn’t want to do it this far, but I thought that it would be a good lesson to surprise the youngster who only trusts his family.
Shirone realized that his heart was beating faster. The main cause was anger. Adele’s hostility was raising Shirone’s anger.
‘Let’s stay calm. If so, it’s just a feeling. As long as you control it, nothing will happen.’
Like a person hanging on to a rock and sinking into the sea, as time passed, the pressure increased and breathing became difficult.
However, Shirone did not struggle and calmly contemplated her feelings.
As the holding time of pressing passed the critical point of death, Adele trembled her lips in disbelief.
Cold sweat was running down his forehead.
‘What is this child?’
To get out of pressing, you need to amplify your emotions with the same intensity.
Karmis’s red eyes could reset the emotion itself, but it was definitely strange that Shirone, who had no memory of herself, remained intact until this time.
‘Patience alone is impossible to explain. Then all that remains is to have complete control over your emotions.’
It was another way to destroy the pressing. But it was easier said than done.
Just as there is a saying that even a flower sings three or three times, any adult will lose his composure and become disorganized if exposed to stress for a long time. But Shirone didn’t see anything like that.
Adele has made some assumptions based on her experience. Either stupid, crazy, or a monk.
No, even among the monks, they had to reach at least the level of Vajrapani.
‘Geumgangseung? does that make sense? Aren’t you a kid not yet twenty?’
Adele didn’t admit it, but Adele got the answer right.
In the realm of infinity, Shirone has gone insane as many times as humans can never handle.
The absolute center awakened in the process.
As long as I held on to that, I could have ignored the technically generated emotions.
Adele released the pressing. I don’t know how I’ve been able to hold on until now, but from now on, I didn’t dare to know.
The boy standing in front of him was clearly the girl’s friend.
When Adele’s face returned to a benevolent expression, Shirone was finally able to exhale.
It is a truly terrifying technique. If I hadn’t entered the state of indestructible diamond, my heart might have exploded.
Adele put her hand on her chest and bowed down.
“Forgive the foolish old man for his rudeness.”
The guards were bewildered. I thought it was strange because there was no change in Shirone’s expression, but the butler suddenly apologized with a humble attitude.
“When you return to the mansion, rebuke my behavior. Any punishment will be sweet. So please, please dispel your anger.”
“Aren’t the people in my family suspicious of me?”
“yes. Extensive interpretation of the instructions and putting Shirone-sama in danger are all my own actions. The head of the household did not place any conditions on bringing Shirone-nim back.”
“Why? Did I do something you didn’t like?”
Adele smiled and shook her head.
“It is rather the opposite. I’ve taken care of Miss Amy since she was born, but this is the first time I’ve ever brought a man into the house. I was curious about what kind of person he really was, so I committed rudeness without even knowing the subject.”
Shirone has lost steam. Doesn’t that mean that everything you’ve done so far has been an act to test yourself?
But it was nothing to be scolded for. If you want to come to the nobleman’s mansion, or even the head family, you must make an appointment in advance.
Having worked for the Ogent family, Shirone knew how heavy Adele’s responsibility was.
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 121 - New Encounters (2) 1.txt
===============================
[121] New encounter (2)
“all right. Then can I meet Amy now?”
“of course. The lady is waiting for you. Get in the carriage.”
As the carriage departed, a beautiful garden with roses in full bloom spread out the window.
If the Ogent family expressed their family style with Daejikdo, the family style of the Karmis family seemed freewheeling. Individual works that ignored standards and uniformity were erected throughout the garden.
“That’s really cool. I feel like I have entered dreamland.”
“I’m glad you like it. The Karmis Garden reflects the tastes of all members from generation to generation. It is to designate an area and decorate it to suit your taste. This can be said to be a unique family tradition that values individuality. The artificial fountain you see here was built by Miss Amy when she was 10 years old. We call it the Rainbow Fountain.”
Shirone stuck her face out the window. When the cone-shaped fountain sprayed water, the water droplets scattered and created a beautiful rainbow.
“haha! a rainbow fountain It’s like Amy.”
Adele watched with benevolent eyes as Shirone looked around the garden. She could guess why Amy’s face was brighter than before when she returned home from the semester.
“The Karmis family has an ability called the Red Eye. Thanks to that, no matter what I do, I stand out much faster than others. Knowing that fact, I tend not to interfere with family members. Reports also came in about the Arcane incident, but the head of the family only checked the safety of the lady and gave instructions to leave it alone.”
Shirone opened his mouth blankly. To let it go when it was an incident in which his daughter’s life was at stake. I could feel how bold the people of the Karmis family were looking at the world.
“Of course, it is not that there is no affection between family members. It’s just a tendency, but there were times when Amy, who was a late child, couldn’t understand such a family. She even wandered when she was younger than she is now.”
“Ah, I know that. But I didn’t know there would be such a story.”
Shirone remembered his first meeting with Amy. When he was 12 years old, when he was bullied in an alley, he resented it a lot. But now it was all in the past, and it felt like we were getting closer when we learned about the circumstances of the past.
“When I look at you these past few days, I think that you have changed a lot since I was young. Shall we say now that he enjoys his work like the rest of the family? Maybe it’s because of Shirone. thank you.”
Shirone could read the sincerity from Adele’s lowered head. Well, if she’s the one who’s been taking care of Amy since birth, she can’t just have the feelings of an employee.
The reason why he evaluated Shirone harshly also stemmed from that. Of course, her jealousy, as if her cute granddaughter had been taken away, must have played a part.
“I’m sorry I lost face because of me. It wasn’t like the butler would come out to meet you.”
“Shirone-sama is nice. But don’t worry. Lady Amy allowed entry, I was a butler who happened to pass by, and the head of the household just ordered someone to go right away.”
Shirone was curious about the Karmis family. Even the butler thinks of Amy terribly, how strict will the family treat him? I was afraid to even think about it.
“eww. I’m nervous. I hope I don’t get kicked out of the door.”
“Chuck! It will exceed your expectations. But that’s how it is, so don’t be too offended.”
While talking about this and that, the carriage arrived at its destination.
Shirone followed Adele into the mansion. A splendid hall decorated with numerous works of art greeted him. To the left and right, winding stairs like cochleas led up to the fourth floor.
“Holy Head, Lady Amy’s friend has arrived… … .”
“Kyaaaagh! oh my god! A real man!”
A woman who looked just like Amy patted her cheek and shouted. She was Isis, the mistress of the family.
As a dancer who made his name known in the kingdom when he was young, he still looked young even at the age of over 50. But is that so? The feeling of being immature came out in every single action.
“what? You mean Shirone was a man?”
“me too! I want to see you too!”
Two men came running from the hallway leading to the living room. They were the eldest son Diane and the second son Ares.
Diane looked young, unlike someone in her mid-thirties, and Ares, who was two years younger than her, had a thick beard, making it impossible to guess her bare face.
The two stared at Shirone in disbelief. Just by looking at their shocked eyes, you could tell how confused they were.
“Uh, there… … hello. I’m Amy’s friend Shirone… … .”
“Now, let’s skip the greetings and come here quickly. Honey, Amy’s boyfriend is here.”
Isis reluctantly grabbed Shirone by the wrist and sat her down on the sofa. A person was waiting there. It was Shakora, the head of the Karmis family, whose name even Shirone knew.
I heard that he was a man who exerted great influence in the political world, but he was disillusioned with all sorts of corruption and retired.
“Hmm.”
When Shakora lowered the newspaper, her intelligent appearance was revealed. She was the tallest in her family, and her body was perfectly proportioned for her age.
Shirone broke out in a cold sweat like a rabbit that had jumped into a lion’s den. He was unbearably burdened by the gazes that ran over his body as if he were appreciating his art.
As the men’s eyes glowed red, Shirone swallowed. The sight of three people activating their red eyes at the same time was quite frightening.
‘Oh, I remember. They keep me in their heads.’
Knowing the power of self-image memory, Shirone felt shackled. Perhaps they could transcend time and space and remember this moment forever.
“Hey, how are you?”
Shirone, who couldn’t stand the awkward atmosphere, greeted her again despite her embarrassment. Only then did the red eyes disappear from the men’s eyes, and Isis clung to them as if they had been waiting.
“Wow, he is handsome. Do you want this? Are you really Amy’s friend?”
“Yes, that’s right.”
“Ohh? So are you in your senior year too?”
“no. I am Class Five.”
“Hmm?”
Isis frowned. The brothers also tilted their heads. Perplexed, Shirone opened her mouth thinking that she had to add one more word.
“But starting next semester, it’s class four.”
“aha!”
Suddenly, the three of them smiled brightly. It was the same expression, the same reaction. Shirone panicked. From the beginning, it seemed that he had no interest in classes.
‘Where the hell are you? What are these people… … .’
Shirone suddenly remembered Adele’s words.
– It will exceed your expectations. Don’t feel bad.
Adele’s advice was no lie. However, it was a family that exceeded expectations in a different way from what Shirone thought. Would you say that you have a pleasant yet eccentric temperament?
“When did you and Amy meet? Are you dating right? huh? Do you go hand in hand at school?”
“yes? no, that’s… … .”
Shirone took as much time as possible. Since Amy’s position had priority here, it was better to spare her words.
“What did you see? There is no party involved, so what are you doing around your family?”
A voice from upstairs saved Shirone from the brink of collapse. Amy was looking down her hall from the snail’s stairwell on the second floor.
Ares, the second son, said with a twitching beard.
“what? did you change clothes? When Shirone came, he ran frantically into the room.”
Amy blocked the misunderstanding in advance.
“whatever? Shall we meet in pajamas then? Anyway, everything disbanded. Dad, is it okay if I talk to a friend?”
“So be it. Isn’t that the boyfriend you brought for the first time? It’s Karmis’s family tradition to do everything possible so that you won’t feel unfair later. ha ha ha!”
Amy didn’t raise an eyebrow at Shakora’s mischievous joke. It was important not to give her a chance at all, as she would persevere if she was swung just a little.
Even as Shirone climbed the snail stairs, Isis continued to ask questions.
“Amy, be honest. Are you a lover? Are you dating? huh?”
Amy accelerated her steps as if she couldn’t hear anything. But her mother, who passed on her blood to her daughter, was as tenacious as her Amy.
“Stop talking about it. What are you two doing? You two are dating right? yes?”
“uh!”
In the end, Amy couldn’t stand it and shouted ferociously and headed for the room.
Isis’s mouth fell open in a daze. This time, Shakora looked up at the stairs as if surprised.
However, the figures of the two had already disappeared from sight.
Shirone and Amy entered the room and awkwardly sat facing each other across the table.
Shirone looked around the room first. The library was full of magic books, and in a corner out of sight lay a few unopened love stories.
‘haha! That must have been lent to me by Seriel-senpai.’
At school, she is known as a heroine, but the room was surprisingly feminine. She was especially drawn to her large doll as she sat on the bed. She was a teddy bear with ferociously torn eyes.
“I have a doll. A teddy bear, too.”
“So what? Shouldn’t there be dolls in my room?”
“No, I just think I look like you. haha!”
Amy clicked her tongue and shut her mouth. To be honest, she couldn’t think of anything to say. It was also the first time she had ever shown her room to a man outside of her family.
“But are you really okay? You only pretend to be dating at school, but I don’t think you need to lie to your family.”
“don’t mind. Because you won’t be interested anyway. They just do it because they have fun with each other.”
As Amy said, it was a freewheeling and unique family. However, in a place that is not revealed, I could vaguely feel that they were connected by family love.
“It’s a nonsensical sound. What happened to my house all of a sudden? Do you have something to talk about?”
“Actually, that… … .”
Shirone was about to speak, but the door slid open. The face of Isis sneaked in through the narrow crack in the door,
“Oh my, did you interrupt me when I was having a good time? Let’s do it while having tea.”
Isis moved her feet and set the tea on the table. All the while, her eyes were nailed to Shirone.
Shirone was about to speak again, but the door opened again, and this time Diane entered.
“I brought you some sweets… … .”
Diane’s gaze also did not know how to leave Shirone. It was funny how his body walked forward but his head was turned to the side.
Amy sighed. It will be fun for them as they have never been like this before in their lives.
The older brothers were not even interested in anything other than the extraordinary, but their sister’s boyfriend had never come to the house.
“okay. just come in all I know you’re waiting outside.”
As soon as Amy’s words dropped, the soles of her feet pushed against the door. I saw Ares standing with a plate in her hands.
“I have some fruit… … haha.”
“It’s okay, come in. Well, let’s officially introduce what happened like this. Shirone, are you okay?”
“Ah, of course.”
So, except for Shakora, everyone in the family sat across from Shirone.
“This is Shirone, a promising young magician. And Shirone, this is my mother. She was a dancer when she was young.”
“I see. It was somehow beautiful.”
“Ho-ho-ho! Amy looks like me But it’s hard if you fall for me. Because I don’t want to hurt my daughter.”
“Ah yes.”
Shirone agreed. No matter how much I thought about it, he had nothing else to say in response.
“And this is my eldest brother, Diane. I’m a certified 5th grade swordsman and I’m in charge of the archery team in the royal castle. I came down to his hometown because I had something to consult with my father for a while about a political issue.”
After Amy finished speaking, the family looked back at her in surprise.
No matter how much a lover is, there is no need to mention the internal circumstances of the family. In the end, she was only pretending to be calm, but it was proof that she was also nervous on the inside.
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 122 - New Encounters (3) 4.txt
===============================
[122] New encounter (3)
‘Whoa, is this boy making my daughter nervous? Amy of the world.’
Although the Karmis family tends to be open-minded, Amy’s personality is particularly bold. The reason why he was able to control the gangsters from a young age was not just because he was a noble.
The brothers also stared at Shirone, probably thinking the same thing. She became jealous when she thought that her younger sister, who had not listened to her brothers, was paying attention to her outsider.
“This is my second brother, Ares. And what you do… … .”
Amy asked rather curiously.
“What the hell is your brother doing?”
“ha ha ha! I am an explorer They excavate ruins or roam the backcountry to make maps. The Dragon’s Nest in the Alpones Mountains and the Crystal Cave in the northern limit of Corona Kingdom are representative of my works.”
“Oh, I see. I know the Alpones Mountains.”
Known as the habitat of various dragons, the Alpones Mountains were a place full of danger and adventure enough to appear in literature.
The other day, Lian also said that he wanted to go to the Alpones Mountains while reading the novel Knight of the Dragon.
“That’s really great. I heard it’s a very dangerous place.”
“There are dangers in romance. I am satisfied with my job If you succeed in making maps, the pay is good. Amy doesn’t seem to like it.”
“Please, at least shave that beard. I’m not unemployed, and if I’m stuck at home, I won’t think about going out for months.”
“Don’t be too hard on yourself. Anyway, since the expedition was organized this time, I won’t be able to return for two years. I waited all this time to even see the face of my beloved brother.”
“joy… … .”
Amy turned her head in disbelief. Seeing that, Shirone smiled. Even if she was unemployed, she was actually worried about her brother, her explorer.
It took more than a year to go on an adventure, so it was inevitable for a family member who couldn’t even check if he was alive or dead.
“Still, I think it’s cool. I really want to try something like that someday.”
“Once you fall in, you won’t be able to come out. Because you can get tired of things that normal people can’t experience in their lifetime. Come visit us anytime after graduation. I’ll put you on a special expedition.”
“Ugh, that’s it! Don’t flirt with the kid for nothing, and everyone leave when the introduction is over.”
When Amy issued a celebratory order, the family started asking questions as if on fire. It’s fun from now on, but can’t we get out before it even starts?
“By the way, what did you like about Amy? Surely you haven’t crossed the adult line?”
“yes? No, over there… … .”
“Amy’s personality is not normal, so how did you approach it? melted into words? Or kiss like a man in a dark place… … !”
Amy’s eyes burned red.
“Did you tell me to leave?”
There was a knocking sound, and suddenly Amy was the only one left in the room. The door was still rattling because of how hastily they fled.
‘It’s worth knowing what kind of personality he has at home.’
As the crowded room became sluggish, the contrast effect of the silence increased.
Missing the opportunity to speak out, Shirone looked around the room embarrassedly.
Amy also pretended to drink tea, hiding her face and thinking. She was so awkward that she broke into a cold sweat.
‘Why did you come here, you bastard?’
There’s no way I can say anything about her. Even if it was an important business, it was really unexpected that you would come to her house.
“what? Speak when you come! I don’t think I came here to play because I was bored.”
Shirone took her eyes off the scenery and looked at Amy.
“Ah, actually, I have a favor to ask of you. But when he came, he came without a message, so I thought he was rude. I’m sorry to her family.”
“it’s okay. What’s wrong with coming to a friend’s house? What is a request anyway?”
“if… … When the time comes, won’t you come and play with me? On Galliant Island.”
Amy froze, holding the teacup. I couldn’t even imagine it, let alone expected it. Shirone brought out the words of her going to play first. Also with a woman. on the island too.
“So, you and I want to go to the island?”
“Actually, I have a friend named Lian. The friend suggested it first. But Rihanna says she’s bringing her friend, so I need a friend to go with me too. That’s why we’re going with four people.”
“Hoo? The friend that Lian is bringing… … Is it a girl?”
“I think so. what? how did you know?”
Amy swallowed the tea without answering. Things were quickly sorting out in my head.
‘In a word, this is a couple’s trip. A bastard named Lian, you’re sneaky. huh? Wait, a couple trip?’
Cold sweat ran down Amy’s spine.
‘You’re taking me there? Why?’
It was embarrassing when Shirone, who had not been shaken like a wooden stone even at the time of the camouflage romance, suddenly proposed a couple trip. Because she couldn’t ask herself if it was simply to get her head count.
Since the graduating class is the final competition at the magic school, intense study was required even during vacation.
I couldn’t help but think that Shirone, who knew that fact better than anyone else, had a special intention to come to my house and ask for a favor.
“Why do you want to take me? Do you have friends in the advanced class? You know I’m in my senior year, right? How other seniors do special training during vacation. But why me?”
Even after Amy asked, she was afraid to answer. She probably isn’t what she thinks she is.
But maybe it could have been. The hand that brought the teacup to his mouth trembled slightly.
“Amy, no matter how much I think about it, there is only you.”
“Pooh!”
Amy spits out not a single drop of the tea she was drinking. Shirone, who had been hit by tea water, had a dazed expression like someone who had been hit by a shower.
“What are you talking about all of a sudden! You stupid idiot!”
cried Amy, wiping her mouth with her sleeve. Her face flushed like her persimmon, she left her seat as if to run away, and returned with her towel.
“Quickly wipe with this! I’m filthy to death, really!”
“… … It’s you who blew it in the face. Anyway, to continue, do you remember the Miro I talked about before?”
“huh? maze? You mean the one who was the first president of the Supernatural Psychic Research Society? He said he met while Immortal Function was in progress.”
“that’s right. It’s a recent hypothesis, but I think the immortal function is related to the speed of light. So she wanted to know about her. The headmaster said it would be okay as long as it was to investigate the Kergo ruins, so I thought I’d give it a go as long as Lian suggested it.”
Only then did Amy regain peace of mind. If it’s Kergo Ruins, isn’t it a famous ruin and tourist attraction on Galliant Island?
“Aha, so let’s investigate there together, right?”
“Of course I don’t think it’s dangerous. However, when I listened to the principal’s words, I also thought that it was not just a simple tourist destination. If you go with me, I think I can be relieved.”
As long as Rihanna suggested a pair trip, the partner must be a woman. But even without that condition, Amy was the strongest of her friends that Shirone had ever known.
Hong’s uniqueness is also a great strength, but with her ability to compete with strong players every day and settle in the middle of the graduating class, they would be able to overcome danger together in any situation.
“joy! of course! Because I’m different from the kids who talk about the supernatural.”
“No, I didn’t mean that, but anyway.”
Shirone smiled awkwardly and hesitated. In fact, even Amy knew. That she wasn’t the type to attract her friends just because she was strong.
Shirone saved Amy from falling off a cliff. A special incident that happened in a short moment further strengthened the trust between the two.
So you can ask for it. Even knowing the danger, he asked to accompany him because it was a relationship that shared life.
“I see, that’s what it is… … .”
Amy walked to the window and thought. She wasn’t traveling alone, so there was no burden. No, rather, that’s why I wanted to go.
There would be many things to gain from this trip, but more than that, I thought it would be fun to do something with Shirone.
‘Damn it, I have eyes to see. Okay, I owe you something anyway, so this time I’ll help you a little bit.’
Amy slowly turned around. She smiled as she saw Shirone waiting for her answer with a nervous expression.
No matter what the purpose of the trip is, on the surface, it is to take a woman and stay out. I wonder if I could wrap it up as flattery or not, but if the man was as firm as if he was going to do something like that, no woman would follow.
‘Nothing has changed between when I was 12 and now.’
When will this child grow up? Maybe it was because all the growth energy was focused on magic.
Amy nodded happily.
“Okay, let’s go to the island.”
* * *
“hello! I’m Lian’s friend, Elzaine Tess!”
Tess, who visited the Ogent family, was courageous and polite. Beside her stood Rian, looking nervous.
The reason why Rian had been staying at Shirone’s house so far was because he planned to use Tess as a shield to invade the main house.
After finishing last in swordsmanship school, there would never be a parent who would let their son play easily.
But if you put your friends first, it’s a different story. In particular, it was calculated that if that friend was a model student who ranked first in the swordsmanship school, the drug would work.
“Well, I’ve heard of Elzain’s reputation. Is your father in good health?”
“yes. Even while staying in the occupied territory, he sharpens his sword every single day.”
In fact, Elzain did not know how her father was doing. She also had no desire to know.
But Rian’s father, Bischoff, nodded as if he deserved it.
“As expected, someone who made a family out of swords is different. If there is a chance, I will visit you once.”
Tess’s father, Elsaine Veron, was a master of the sword nicknamed the Flash.
If Ogent’s swordsmanship was subversive, Elsaine’s swordsmanship was terrifying and sharp.
Whose skill is high depends on the person who handles the sword, but pride in maintaining the legitimacy of the sword could not be distinguished.
“Lian, you dated a good wife unlike you.”
“It’s not dating. We are just friends.”
Tess glanced at Lian with a tingling look. But what? A thirsty man dug a well, so he had no choice but to endure to go on a trip with Lian.
“So, you want to go on vacation to Galliant Island?”
“uh. I thought I was going to die hard at the swordsmanship academy. You need time to recover your mind and body. Oh, Shirone will come later. to start right here. Can I go?”
“I’m going, it doesn’t matter, but did you really work hard? Even if you ask for private tutoring, you have to be able to believe the guy who won’t listen to you when he says things like that.”
“haha! I brought it because I thought I would talk about it. Finally, I also opened the schema!”
Rian took out the object of conversion. Her report card was taken away by Reina, but she had the proof of passing the strength test.
It was a useless piece of paper after it was revealed that it was a placebo effect, but Bischoff, ignorant of everything, had no choice but to believe it.
“Hmm, you really passed. Congratulations.”
Bischoff did not show his emotions according to his personality. But his voice was trembling slightly.
As a parent, any child who is ugly is more likely to be stepped on in the eyes. Since he had successfully completed the scheme he hadn’t been able to succeed with, he must have clenched his fists in his heart.
“Now, do as you promised. The sword that your grandfather said he would give you when you master the schema, can I take it?”
“Of course. Now that you’ve opened the schema, you should learn Ogent’s swordsmanship from now on. By the way, where are the report cards? Judging by how confident he is, he looks pretty good.”
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 123 - New Encounter(4).txt
===============================
[123] New encounter (4)
“ah… … grade card? My sister has it.”
“Raina? why? bring it.”
“I don’t know. I took it away to show her grandfather. How do I know what the witch is thinking? Anyway, give me the sword quickly. Ever since she was little, she wanted to have it and worked so hard.”
The sword that Rian desperately wanted was a straight sword specialized in the swordsmanship of the Ogent family. It was a greatsword that was twice as heavy as a normal longsword, and the blade was too long to handle unless you were tall.
Ever since Lian learned the sword, he had his eyes on the straight sword of the Ogent family. In particular, the sword that was spit on as his own was the sword his grandfather used himself.
Clump had wanted to hand over the sword to Lian from before. It was Reina and Lian who inherited the blue-haired lineage among her own grandchildren, and apart from her female Reina, she thought that only Lian could wield her sword.
“I’m in the black grandpa’s room. But why are you suddenly looking for black when you say you’re going to play? Tess, you’ve come a long way, though.”
“I have thoughts, yes. Anyway, I’ll bring it now.”
Ryan ran up to Grandpa’s room. It was an excessive sword for him, who had not even mastered the schema, but he intended to bring it with him on this trip.
It is clear that Shirone is trying to explore the ruins. Just as thread follows where the needle goes, if Shirone runs into a dangerous place, shouldn’t he be by his side?
‘This is the great sword of the Ogent family.’
Lian looked up in rapture at the greatsword hanging in her grandfather’s room. A form containing the spirit of the Ogent family, which is said to be difficult to wield until the schema is opened.
Of course, schema is still impossible. However, Lian raised the sword with only one hand and drew it in front of his eyes.
‘Heavy. But it’s not to the extent that I can’t wield it.’
Lian felt the same way when she was judged to be an imaginary schema. However, he thought positively in any situation, as he never gave up.
Whether it’s a schema or not, as long as it passes the muscle strength test, the power is the same. Someday I will have to open the schema, but I was still in the position that it was worth holding on.
The sword was so heavy that it was inconvenient to carry it in a sheath made of iron. Lian wore a net-shaped scabbard made of cowhide behind his back and inserted a straight sword.
People would notice if he was dressed like this, but it didn’t matter because it wasn’t illegal to wear a sword.
Except for special areas designated by the city, anyone could kick the sword as long as they followed their own rules.
Commoners were sector level C, nobles sector level B, royalty sector level A, and so on.
Rian proudly wore his straight sword and came down the stairs. But the opportunity to get him noticed never came back.
Louise, the butler, opened the gate and reported.
“Head of the household, Master Shirone has arrived.”
Entering the hall with Amy, Shirone first greeted Bischoff.
On the outside, he was strict and blunt, but he was a family man to the point of paying the monthly rent and staying at home when he heard that his son was coming.
From Shirone’s point of view, as a guardian who helped her attend magic school, I heard that she took care not only of her school life but also of her parents’ housekeeping.
“hello. Have you been well?”
“okay. I heard that she is doing well.”
“This time, I was promoted to Class Four. Thanks for your help. thank you.”
Recalling Rian’s past, Bischoff smiled bitterly. Class Forani. How big would the substitute talent be to enter Class Four after half a year of entering magic school?
Of course, parents are not stupid enough to compare their children with each other. However, as a single swordsman, he was concerned that Lian, who had taken the oath to become a knight, would be filled with Shirone’s last name.
“It is because of your hard work. In any case, it’s worth the support. I heard that Rihanna is going on a trip with a beautiful lady this time without knowing the subject. Are you going too?”
“yes. We decided to go together.”
“Is the lady next to you your partner?”
Bischoff turned his eyes to the red-haired girl. He looked familiar, but I couldn’t remember him well.
“hello. This is Karmis Amy.”
Bischoff’s eyes twinkled. Not only Lian and Tess, but also the butler, Louis, looked back at Amy curiously.
As a first-class aristocrat, the Karmis family does not boast the highest authority in terms of kingdom alone.
However, the freewheeling tendency and talent of the red eyes spread across the continent beyond the kingdom.
It could be said that the achievements that are not limited to the country reveal their identity the best.
Bischoff also did not think that aristocratic ranks represented family power. For there are many nobles in the world who rise to high ranks through all sorts of flattery and vile means.
Such people ignore legitimacy and even change their family customs to get ahead in life. However, Elsaine and Karmis were different from those types.
Legitimacy is a law established only by conviction. Since the establishment of the kingdom, their pride in choosing only one path was not something that could be bought with money or power.
“now. Let’s talk later, let’s go for now. I have to leave now to be on time for the ship!”
Rihanna refreshed the atmosphere. He asked Bischoff for permission, but his nervousness did not subside.
Perhaps by now, the express mail sent by Rayna was flying like an arrow.
It was obvious that the moment the report card was released, heaven would be far away and the road to hell would unfold.
“Dad, then I will go. It will take about ten days.”
“okay. You’ve worked hard in training, so have fun and come. Oh, and use this as an addition to your travel expenses.”
Bischoff threw a heavy bag of gold coins. Lian looked inside and was startled. It was the first time he had ever received so much money from his father.
In fact, Bischoff was in a good mood. Even when he took oath to knight, he thought he was ruining a son, but he learned the schema that didn’t work like that, and he made good friends.
In addition, Shirone, who will become Lian’s owner, was growing steadily based on her outstanding talent.
If you think that training is also an investment for real combat, wouldn’t it be reasonable to pay half a year’s wages?
Rian felt guilty, but even that feeling was a luxury now. Only the thought that he had to get out of this house alive was filling his head.
“okay. Then I will go with my friends. Ah, Temuran. Wait for the carriage to go to the port.”
“All right. Have a nice trip.”
Temuran saw Lian off and made a pitiful expression. I was able to guess the situation just by running away in a cold sweat.
‘The time I can last is 10 minutes. Good luck, young boy.’
Temuran paid attention to the envelope in his bosom. It was express mail from Reina, which had just arrived from the capital.
* * *
There was not a single wagon to play with, probably because the butlers had a lot of work today. There was a dedicated wagon, but it took an hour just to saddle it up and do maintenance.
Lian said that there was no need for maintenance, but he had no choice but to accept the request to inspect the screw on the wheel. This is because if an accident happens, all the sins will be overwritten by the carriage manager.
The four of them waited near the stable for the carriage to come.
There was no conversation for a while. It was a situation that often occurred when they first met each other. However, many analyzes were going on in my mind.
Tess first looked at Shirone. He knew he was an aspiring wizard, but since Lian had sworn a knight’s oath, he thought of a hot-blooded boy. However, when I met him, he was unexpectedly soft and calm.
Amy from the Karmis family was also interesting. Karmis, the star of the continent. What kind of character are the people in the family?
In the end, Tess spoke first. He thought that there should be no awkwardness, at least when inside the carriage.
“Should I say a full name first? Call me Elzaine Tess.”
“I am Karmis Amy. Nice to meet you.”
“Ah, I am Aryan Shirone.”
Tess also shook hands with Shirone. But the moment he heard the last name, he tilted his head.
Like the Elzain family, which specialized in diplomacy, she knew the surnames of quite a few aristocratic families. However, I had never heard of the Aryan family, as if passing by.
“Aha, you are Aryan. Um, over there… … Is your home in Creas?”
Tess turned around and asked, so as not to offend the other person. After reading her thoughts, Shirone confessed honestly.
“Oh, I have no family. I am a commoner.”
“uh? A commoner?”
Tess’ eyes widened. At first, she wondered if she was talking nonsense because she was nervous. Otherwise, wouldn’t Lian be able to take a knight’s oath to a commoner?
Tess turned to Amy. She said that she knew that there was no change in her feelings.
‘What the hell is going on? What the hell is Lian thinking? Why is Amy again? How can someone from the Karmis family follow as a commoner’s partner? Isn’t this a couple trip?’
Tess, who had never experienced Shirone, was inevitably confused. Also, as much as he was surprised by Shirone, Lian’s decision came more intensely.
Even if Shirone was a child with great abilities, it was easier said than done not to discriminate against her status.
Moreover, it was not just a friend, but a knight’s oath that he had to serve as his master for the rest of his life.
‘In a sense… … It’s like Lian.’
When Tess couldn’t find anything to say for a long time, Shirone spoke first.
“Sorry. If you’re uncomfortable… … .”
“Oh, no. excuse me i did To be honest, I was so surprised that I didn’t panic. however… … am i weird? Everyone is calm, so it makes me look like a bad kid, ho ho ho!”
Tess hurriedly cut the mood. He was Lian’s lord whether he was a commoner or aristocrat. If so, he thought that he shouldn’t be foolish either.
‘Tess, you’re a righteous person.’
Shirone could sense what Tess was like. Would you say that she is the woman Rihanna chose?
It was impossible to make others laugh even while lowering oneself without sincere consideration.
“thank you for saying it like that. I’ve heard a lot about it. She’s Ryan’s lover.”
“Oh, what are you talking about? Did you really look like a lover? do we get along that well? Ho-ho-ho!”
Tess is starting to like Shirone. On the other hand, Ryan’s face turned red. It is an illusion that must be broken. But she only kept her mouth shut because she liked that Tess was nice to Shirone.
Amy looked back at Lian in surprise. When she heard of her plan to go to the island, she initially wondered what kind of nefarious person had come up with such a plan, but she was more honest and caring than expected.
‘The Ogent family, whose family was built only with swords. They say there is one genius with black hair, but this one has blue hair.’
Although the aristocratic rank is the second rank and not the royal family, it was because of the honest character that did not know compromise.
This kind of family is called ‘pure’ in the political world.
It refers to neutrality, and in peacetime, the influence on the political world is not so great.
However, it was a force that could never be looked down upon as the political landscape changed depending on where the vote of innocence went in the event of a national upheaval.
While Amy was thinking about that, Tess was looking at Shirone and Amy.
Both of them had a cute appearance and a bright energy in their eyes. Besides, I thought that he would insist on doing the same no matter what his actual personality was.
“By the way, what is the relationship between the two of you? Now that I see it, it fits really well. Between lovers?”
Tess asked, pointing at the two of them alternately, causing Amy to cry slightly. It was because she was taken in with the feeling that she was snuggly and mingling with her little ones.
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 124 - New Encounters (5) 5.txt
===============================
[124] New encounter (5)
Clearly, Tess was in great shape to be paired with the huge Lian. Her limbs were also long and tall, so her waistline was also deeply curved.
On the other hand, he was a wizard by anyone’s eyes. He was of average height and of a rather thin build for his age.
Of course, physical beauty isn’t all of her charm, but she couldn’t help feeling shabby in front of Tess’ power, one head taller.
“No, we are just friends. I have a special request to go with you.”
“ah-ha, I see.”
Tess didn’t believe it straight away. She could guess that it was an unusual feeling just from the fact that a girl from the first rank of the aristocracy followed as a commoner’s partner.
Ryan thought the same. In fact, the thing I was most concerned about while planning this trip was if Shirone couldn’t find her partner.
There is also a problem of status, but my personality is introverted, so I was worried that I might get hurt.
However, when he opened the lid, he brought a girl who was surprisingly beautiful even for him, who was not particularly interested in women.
Rian had always thought that a woman should have a cuteness that triggers a protective instinct like Amy.
On the other hand, Tess was the owner of skills that surpassed her own, so she had no chin to feel love feelings.
Even if it’s just the ability of the schema, there are not many men who are attracted to women who are stronger than themselves.
‘Take care, Shirone. I will actively push you.’
While Lian was planning a strategy, a wagon arrived that had been overhauled. The four people, each with their own luggage, moved toward the carriage.
It was then.
“this guy! Lian~!”
A tremendous decibel voice emanating from the mansion. Lian guessed that everything had been uncovered, just by the murder that was transmitted through the sound.
“Damn it! Guys, run!”
“what? What about the wagon?”
“It’s too late for the ride! look behind you! You must go over the fence!”
The three of them looked around the mansion. An ocher-colored whirlwind soared into the sky and was approaching this direction.
Not even understanding the situation, Shirone and the others started running.
“Rian! What happened?”
“shit! Looks like your report card has arrived! I was actually in last place! Dad will kill us!”
“really? really kill? Just tell the truth and let’s go. I’m going to play, what is this?”
“If you are confident, try it. i will run For reference, my dad is a certified 4th grade prosecutor.”
The blood drained from the three faces. Tess activated the schema and jumped forward, followed by Amy.
Shirone’s heart pounded backwards. I was running forward, but the wind was blowing from behind.
Running while pushing air meant that Bischoff’s speed exceeded the human limit.
“Rian! I think we’ll get caught!”
“I can’t! I’ll kill myself! You guys go to the island first and play!”
If it was Lian, it would be enough. But she can’t leave her friend and go on a trip. Shirone came up with a solution even in the middle of his mind.
“Amy! Let’s go teleport! Ryan, don’t move!”
Shirone grabbed Lian and cast a photonization spell. The bodies of the two people seemed to flash and shine, and immediately became a flash and jumped forward.
Lian, who had experienced teleportation for the first time, was dizzy. The field of view became extremely narrow and it felt as if all the scenery was being pushed towards me.
It was the magician’s vision.
Amy also caught Tess and teleported, as if she understood Shirone’s words.
Two flashes of light rushed through the garden at breakneck speed. It was a situation where it could be smashed by hitting the cover, but Shirone and Amy did not allow even the slightest mistake.
Thinking that it was quite far away, Shirone looked back. But in the end, she had to grit her teeth, suppressing the feeling that she was going to burst into tears.
The whirlwind was drawing closer. They were destroying whatever they came across as cover.
It was natural for Ogent’s symbol, Daejikdo, to come to mind.
“Amy! come here!”
Shirone shouted as she made a sudden stop in the middle of the thick forest. Then, Amy also canceled one turn to close the distance with Shirone.
A forest-destroying whirlwind was approaching from a distance of 100 meters.
Tess stomped her feet and shouted.
“Now what? Just to get caught?”
“Catch me! It will fly!”
Shirone expanded the radius of the Spirit Zone to its maximum. Even so, they couldn’t leave the garden, but there was a way.
If you can’t win in speed, just disappear from the coordinates for an instant.
“Goes!”
When the friends arrive, Shirone uses synesthesia to find a safe place. He never thought he would be able to use magic so quickly in practice that he thought he would have nothing to cast for a while.
As we cast space movement, aiming for the outskirts of the forest, the bodies of the four people burned with light and were sucked into the sky.
At the same time, a tremendous wind rushed in with the human figures, sweeping away the place where they were.
Bischoff sadly clenched the hand that couldn’t hold Lian’s. It was a brief difference.
“this… … !”
Bischoff turned 180 degrees and braked with both legs. As if sliding on ice, his body was pushed over ten meters.
A mound of dirt 20 times his body weight rose over his heel. It was a sight that showed how much physical power his body possessed.
Bischoff looked at the path he had come on in a confused way. The ground was plowed and the trees were broken randomly.
It’s all because of Ryan. How dare you deceive your father.
“Imagination schema?”
He took out his report card with trembling hands. The more he thought about it, the more he could only sigh.
But on the other hand, I felt sorry for my poor son. How much training did you have to have the muscle strength that conforms to the schema?
‘You can think of it as an effort prize.’
Anyway, it seemed that Shirone had already learned to move through space. As it is a magic that even pros find difficult, it was a tremendous growth for an achievement achieved in half a year.
Shirone and Lian. Ryan and Shirone. Bischoff recalled the future of two boys bound together by one destiny.
Talents and inclinations are vastly different, but wouldn’t the number of steps they took in the name of being the best?
“It must be a good memory, this too.”
Bischoff tossed his report card over his shoulder and headed for the mansion.
island. Galliant(1)
After jumping over the fence of Ogent’s mansion, Shirone and the others do everything they can to get out of the aristocratic area.
Thanks to the casting of space movement, it was out of Bischoff’s expected coordinates, but it was not a safe situation.
This is because the movement of a schema adherent boasts an animal-like activity radius that cannot be escaped by a considerable amount of instant movement.
It was only after entering the downtown area that Shirone and the others breathed a sigh of relief. I still vividly recalled Bischoff’s face.
No way I wanted to hurt my son, but it was too young to live with the appearance of a whirlwind approaching that I could do even worse.
Shirone sighed and said.
“What are you going to do now? I’ve come this far, so I can’t go back.”
“Doesn’t it matter? Because I got a lot of money. Let’s borrow her carriage and go to the port.”
Lian had nothing to fear without his father. He’d get scolded someday, but he wasn’t in the dark thoughts ahead of the fun trip.
They arrived at a stable on the outskirts of the city. In addition to selling horses to travelers, they also had a transportation business that hired a coachman to drive them to their destination.
It was not a situation to spare to meet the ship’s time, so Lian rented a four-seater carriage that could be started immediately.
Ryan and Tess sat side by side, and Shirone and Amy were seated facing each other. Since it was a seat used by commoners, the inside was cramped, so we had to sit close together.
The carriage started in an awkward atmosphere, but the tension was quickly relieved thanks to the cool breeze coming through the windows.
Tess cooled her sweat with a hand fan and looked at Shirone.
Although he had never learned magic, he knew how difficult it was to teleport through a dense forest. As expected, he was a wizard of a considerable level.
However, if you just want to find someone who is good at magic, there are plenty of nobles. Doubts still lingered in that the shock was not strong enough for Lian to take the oath of knighthood.
“right. But what was the second magic? It felt strange for teleportation.”
“Oh, that’s space travel. It must have been a little dizzy because space curves along the axis of time.”
“what? You said it was space travel?”
Tess was startled. Her friends also went to magic school, but none of them mastered space movement.
It is because it is not magic that can be done only by knowing the theory. It was a matter of mental strength, and it was an area that could only be conquered with time and effort.
“amazing. Did you get a chance or something? Oh, I’m not ignoring this, I know that space movement is a magic that only pros use. Isn’t it difficult if you don’t learn magic from a young age?”
Tess thought that Shirone had been introduced to the magical world through an act of childhood. Otherwise, there was no way commoners could learn magic.
Shirone meekly nodded. It was half right and half wrong, but it wasn’t a particularly important issue, so I didn’t feel the need to correct my misunderstanding.
“that’s right. If it wasn’t for Lian, I wouldn’t have been able to attend magic school. The Ogent family helped me get into magic school.”
“As expected. Oh, but I think that alone is great. Since I was young, I competed with aristocrats, so I must have been very nervous outside of my studies.”
“haha! At first it was. But it’s fine now. Amy also protected me a lot.”
“Hey, what did I do? On a topic that I didn’t even talk about.”
Amy snorted and turned her head away. She didn’t show it, but she was frustrated by Shirone’s humble answer.
Tess didn’t seem to think that Shirone, a mere commoner, had learned advanced magic through her own efforts.
It would have been a natural reaction since they had never known each other, but I didn’t like the way they dismissed the arduous journey that Shirone had taken as an accident.
It was Lian who scratched Amy’s itchy spot.
“Anyway, that was only half a year ago. Shirone has only been learning magic for half a year.”
“What, half a year?”
Tess looked back at Lian enough to break her neck. This time, too, her mind went dark.
Space movement cannot be mastered in half a year by any means. Apart from the prosecutor’s way of thinking, this was common sense among the common sense spread in aristocratic society.
Tess glanced across the other side. Shirone smiled, but Amy still crooked her chin and didn’t even meet her eyes.
Tess then realized her mistake.
Because swordsmen and wizards pursue different directions, their personalities are often opposite.
If swordsmen speak and listen as they feel, magicians infer countless meanings from the lines of words. From Amy’s point of view, there was a high possibility that it seemed to disparage Shirone.
“Oops, I’m sorry. I didn’t even know that, and I was just talking about strange things. I didn’t mean to offend you. I would be angry if my lover was treated like this.”
Amy’s face turned red. Clearly, wizards know best how to handle language. But that’s why I wasn’t as immune to this kind of direct apology as a newborn child.
“My, what am I? I didn’t say anything. And I’m not a lover! We are just friends.”
Although she responded bluntly, Amy’s expression was much more relaxed than before.
“Since we met for the first time, it is natural that we do not know each other. I understand Tess because she’s honest, but she doesn’t mean anything. If there is something you want to say in the future, you can do it.”
Rian spoke directly as per his personality. Instead, Shirone and Amy stood still, unable to answer.
For those accustomed to arguing and weighing, the prosecutors’ candid conversation was extremely burdensome.
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 125 - Island. Galliant(2).txt
===============================
[125] Island. Galliant(2)
Tess struggled to hold back her laughter when she saw the two of them suddenly become less talkative. At the swordsmanship academy, he saw only his tough and tough peers, but when he met the students at the magic school, he felt like a younger brother even though they were the same age.
“By the way, Amy was also great. When did you learn schema?”
“Before entering magic school, I trained for about two years.”
“Oh, it’s rare to learn a schema when you’re young. Aren’t there a lot of things that say it’s not good for growth?”
“I didn’t really exercise. just… … I just happened to see it.”
Tess realized just by hearing that. Many gifted children can come out of the spirit zone, but schema is a method that overworks the body, so it was difficult to learn at an immature age.
However, with Hongan’s self-image memory, it would be possible to precisely control the body without going through a difficult training process.
“Aha, you can use the red face like that. It’s the best.”
“Yeah, it’s nothing great. There is no build, and it only strengthens the strength a little. Compared to you, he must be at the level of a child. I saw it earlier, it was really fast. If it started accelerating, it would have been wide enough that I couldn’t even cast teleportation.”
“Ah, I’m a major, but you’re a wizard, aren’t you? Moreover, Rian still can’t do the schema, so what? Now that I see it, there was a reason why the Karmis family was famous on the continent.”
Shirone looked back at Lian in surprise.
“Lian, didn’t you learn the schema? Then what about the firewood in my house? I didn’t say anything, so I thought it was a schema?”
“Ho-ho-ho! did rian do it? To borrow Mr. Quan’s words, it must be stupidly strong muscle strength. Do you know what it was like at swordsmanship school? In the last test… … .”
“Oh really! Why are you so interested in other people’s private lives?”
Ryan abruptly cut off his words. He might not know about anyone else, but he never wanted to let Shirone know about it.
But thanks to that, the atmosphere got better and everyone else talked about their school life. Even though they were in different fields, they were all students, so the conversation continued uninterrupted.
So they got to know each other.
* * *
Arriving at Creas Harbor, Shirone and his party found a ship to Galliant Island.
The large Galeas moored at Dock 6 was unfurling its sails as if it had finished preparing for departure.
Because all schools in the kingdom were on vacation at the same time, there were more tourists than usual. Cirone climbed onto the boat as if being swept away by the crowd and took her seat on the third floor deck.
There is a passenger room downstairs, but it was my first time on a boat, so it was fun to go and see the scenery.
The waves crashed and a salty wind blew. It was only after the port was submerged below the horizon that the party realized that they were floating on the sea.
“How many hours will it take?”
“I heard it’s a five-hour boat ride from Creas Harbor.”
“I see. If it was a little late, we could have left tomorrow. There are more people going to the island than I thought.”
As Shirone said, there were many people on the deck. Half of them were merchants, but there were also tourists dressed as aristocrats. Also, there were quite a few people from other places other than Creas.
“As Lian said, it must be a famous island. What kind of place is it?”
“I did my research and brought it back.”
As if Amy had been waiting, she took out her notebook. Tess, who had become friends with everyone by now, spoke openly.
“Ohh? As expected, meticulous personality.”
“I know. I never thought to look for it.”
As Shirone scratched his head shyly, Amy glared at him disapprovingly.
“You said you were exploring the ruins, but didn’t you do your research beforehand?”
“haha! no, that’s… … .”
There are two kinds of travelers in the world. People who leave recklessly and people who investigate carefully and leave.
The former could be said to be about unknown romance and the latter to be efficient, but Amy belonged to the latter.
But Shirone couldn’t belong anywhere. It was my first trip since I was born, so everything was amazing and unfamiliar.
“First, let me tell you about Galliant Island, where we are going. The site area is 1,500 square kilometers. It’s a half-moon-shaped island, and the north is a natural cliff, so ships will have to return to the southern port. The west side is a mix of residential and resort areas, and the Kergo ruins are on the eastern side of the island. The Kergo Ruins are said to be the temple of Kergoin, who established civilization 2,000 years ago.”
“Kergoin?”
“huh. Although now extinct, a small number of natives remain in the autonomous district in the center of the island. It is dark and short, but it is characterized by sunken eyes and small pupils. Oh, and he has tattoos praising Ankera on his face.”
“What is Ankera?”
“It is the name of an ancient god that Kergoin believes in. And um… … Aboriginal people chew on the hard root of a tree called loop, which seems to have hallucinogenic effects. That’s why they call loops the god’s stimulant. I was in a trance state. It is said that the cause of the destruction was religious conflict, but some say that the loop was overused and internal conflicts arose.”
“I see. that’s interesting. Hallucinogens destroy civilization.”
“Perhaps because they abused it in the name of God. That’s right, I heard from my brother, but most of the managers of the ruins are Kergoins, so you can see them. Instead, they said that they would not be able to enter the Aboriginal Autonomous Zone because outsiders were not allowed to enter. Oh, but my brother… … .”
“huh? What did you say?”
Shirone asked curiously. The older brother Amy was talking about was probably Ares, an explorer. As he traveled all over the world, there was a high probability that he knew the Kergo ruins in detail.
“My brother said so. The fall of civilizations is not decided by scholars, and if you want to know about them, you will have to come up with something more important than the price of admission.”
Shirone nodded with a meaningful expression.
“Hmm, then does that mean that there is something greater than the Kergo Ruins in the Autonomous District?
“I’m not sure. My brother is always like that. They know that if you ask a riddle, there is something more.”
“haha! But I like this more fun? That’s more important than the price of admission. What is it?”
Shirone’s heart pounded. Listening to Ares’ words as well as Alpheas’, it was clear that the Kergo ruins were not just a tourist attraction.
When Shirone couldn’t control his excitement like a child, Lian felt good in a different way. If the lord is Motivated Tang Chun, the guardian knight’s duty becomes even more important. No matter what secrets were hidden in the ruins, he intended to protect Shirone.
“Shirone, by the way, when are you planning to go? Aren’t you going right away as soon as you arrive?”
“huh. First of all, it’s a vacation, so we should have fun.”
“Then I’ll have to get a lodging first. When you get off at the port, let’s go to the resort area. Because there is a place to bathe on the west beach. There are many things to see and many famous seafood restaurants.”
Wanting to see the southern country as soon as possible, Tess clenched her fists and trembled with excitement.
“Ugh, that sounds like fun!”
There are still more than 4 hours left to arrive. However, the thrill of the trip quickly ate up the time, and finally the island they wanted began to be seen.
“and! see! It’s Galliant Island!”
Passengers standing on the prow pointed to distant islands and shouted. As if responding to that sound, Shirone and the others rushed to the top of the deck.
The northern cliffs of Galliante Island greeted them. A vertical rock wall suddenly rose as if the thick sea of trees had been split with a sword.
Passengers shouted with excitement.
“At last we have arrived! Are you really cool?”
“and! Shopping is so good! I want to swim quickly!”
But the merchants were still lying on their backs. Because the port is in the south, I knew that I would have to go around the island for another 30 minutes.
Galliant Harbor.
The port was filled with people due to phosphoric acid. Merchants getting off the ship and merchants from the island running to the ship got tangled up, causing chaos.
Tourists had to get off relatively late, and Shirone and his party waited for the crowds to subside before stepping on land.
As soon as I got off, I felt the warmth of the southern country. Creas had already entered the early autumn weather, but it was still summer on Galliante Island.
The port where the merchants fell out was filled with people engaged in another industry. They were the ones who did solicitation to attract tourists to the store.
“now! Come to the Dolphin Inn! You can have a great vacation with the lowest accommodation rates on the island! My wife says the food tastes amazing!”
“Those who want to eat authentic southern seafood! Come to our restaurant! A wagon that can move comfortably is also waiting!”
“I will lift your load! A bunch of sturdy porters waiting!”
Shirone and the others were distracted by the tout’s voice.
No one has come forward openly yet, but it is true that it is attracting attention. First of all, I got a high score for not being an adult. Besides, the clothes and weapons he was wearing were all high quality, so it was only natural that the touts would pay attention.
Of course, there were not only honest merchants among them. In the alley on the other side of the dock, several groups of people making money illegally were hunting for game.
“Whoop whoop. Come on, who shall we peel and eat today?”
A boy named Jis looked at the crowd and his eyes lit up. Behind him, two friends were looking at the same place.
What made them different from the solicitors outside was that they were not store owners. In the end, it could be said that he was a backstreet bad boy who made money only with his tongue.
The bad boy on the land and the bad boy on the island are different from each other in temperament. It was their life that they could not get even a piece of bread if they followed the rules set by the world in a space floating in the open sea.
In particular, Jess had a strong rebellious temperament from a young age and grew up receiving all sorts of scoldings. It wasn’t once or twice that he was beaten by nobles for showing his pride.
But even that experience was now just a useful tool for making money.
“Wow, there are so many people because it’s the holiday season. Jess, can we get our share today?”
“Anyway, half of them are dog hair. Don’t be flashy. You have to choose the right one to be successful.”
Jess carefully searched for customers. However, the friends who had to earn a day’s worth of money were impatient.
“Jis, choose quickly. Everyone else just snatched it up.”
“okay. wait.”
Jess scanned the harbor with a hawk’s eye. But before I could even look at the whole thing, my gaze stopped at dock 3.
Four people of similar age were having a conversation, and among them, a red-haired girl caught Jiss eye.
The features on her small face were so clear that even from afar, she felt pretty.
“Hey, that’s it! let’s make that group can you see Two men, two women.”
“really? Is there a big kid over there? Besides, you’re wearing a sword, aren’t you? Let’s just pick someone else.”
“These are real. Who am I? Isn’t it Mr. Jiss, the ruler of the port? A guy like that is a coward. If not, would you say you’re crazy and come to the tourist destination with a sword?”
“Oh, that’s a bit dangerous. No way, Jis you… … Also, isn’t the mental illness of falling in love with a woman you’ve never met? What if you are a mercenary?”
“mind! Can’t you just look at it? you are a student Students say they can’t lay a finger on us anyway. I’ll do it with a strong strategy, so support me well. Never pretend to be a noble. Guys like that need to be pushed back.”
Jess led two friends out of the alley. Even on the way to the dock, he was afraid that other touts would snatch him away, but as the girl’s face gradually came into focus, even that thought was blown away.
‘What is this girl? really pretty… … .’
It was natural romance for an island boy to feel love for a foreign woman. However, this was the first time that he felt sublime beyond her love.
Jess hurriedly gathered her mind and approached. If you leave it like this, it will be taken away by other solicitors.
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

