===============================
Chapter - 976 - Pandemonium Hell (3) 1.txt
===============================
Pandemonium Hell (3)
“by the way… …
Tess asked drunkenly.
“How is the world situation? I mean simultaneous events. After all, you are somewhere other than here.”
“yes.”
A lot of things were happening all over the world, but that was the end of Shirone’s answer.
Eruki asked.
“Is it medicine that you don’t know?”
“Not necessarily, but… … What would it be like to know? Right now, they needed a break, and bragging about useless things only accumulated fatigue.
said Amy.
“Yes, if you don’t want to talk, we won’t listen. Actually, this is normal.”
Pushing through information they couldn’t process would be nothing more than a simple mental attack.
‘But also… …
Shirone looked out the window in the darkness.
‘It’s definitely a reality that’s happening in this world.’
Havitz’s homeland, the Gustav Empire, was the country with the largest surviving population after Jincheon.
It was natural since it was a country that started a war, but now that Habitz has become more distant from humans, Gustav cannot avoid the attacks of the demons.
“Messiah, over there.”
The sun was still up, but the scenery amidst the snowstorm was as dark as night.
Beyond the snow curtain, only the lights of the castle swayed like ghosts, giving directions.
“Masarba.”
It was a strategic point and a huge city that must be passed through before going to Gustav’s capital.
Si Lorne, wearing a gray coat with a hat, glared at the city while exhaling white breath.
Between the sound of the rough wind, the sounds of battles between humans and demons could be heard.
“let’s go.”
As Shirone moved, the smoke of the Miracle Stream stretched out thin branches in front of her and turned into a giant hand, clearing the blizzard aside.
“Are you sure you’re here?”
The light dragon Phaeton and the black dragon Abyris, who followed behind, looked at each other before answering.
Abiris answered.
“yes. As a result of examining the entire Gustav Empire, we have obtained information that there is Ciri, the commander of the Hell Army’s 6th Corps.”
Her face, resembling a black panther, contrasted with the snow and gave off an eerie force.
“It won’t be particularly difficult to subdue Ciri, but there is no guarantee that you will be able to stop Pandemonium.”
The demon realm was to be opened beyond the photon signal because it was a decision, that is, a function of the mind.
“huh. The odds are half and half. Let’s do our best.”
Peyton said.
“I’m keeping my mind tight. Your brain might burst if you try to keep up with my speed.”
“Heh, being fast isn’t good enough. I found Siri’s information this time too.”
“It was lucky.”
The most important part among the 12 apostles was how helpful they were to the Messiah.
Abiris, who had been choosing his words for a while, couldn’t overcome his annoyance and slapped Phaeton on the shoulder.
It looked like a joke, but the power of the dragon’s power was enough to make your bones tingle.
Phaeton, whose face was flushed, noticed Shirone and slapped Abiris on the thigh.
Abiris immediately counterattacked, and eventually the arms of the two apostles crossed at great speed.
Hearing the sound of breaking bones, Shirone frowned and turned around.
“stop.”
The two apostles knelt at the same time.
“sorry!”
“How many times is this? Just one more fight and I’ll walk alone from now on.”
They hurriedly lowered their heads at the eerie words, but they also felt unfair.
‘Why are you pairing with this guy?’
Not only the 12 apostles, but also the Messiah should have known that the light dragon and the black dragon were natural enemies.
Abyris asked.
“Messiah, it is understandable that you paired us with the harmony of yin and yang. But I don’t fit Phaeton at all.” “It’s not because of the harmony of yin and yang.” Peyton raised her head.
“yes? If so, what kind of deep will does the Messiah have for us both…”
Shirone answered immediately.
“Everyone hates being a pair with you.” In a word, an abandoned combination.
In the eyes of the other apostles, he was both a light dragon and a black dragon, and he had the same personality that he did not want to get entangled with.
‘These children… …
When Phaeton and Abiris recalled the faces of the other apostles and strained their eyes, Shirone smiled.
“Still, I am there.”
More than anything else, Phaeton lowered his head, relieved that Messiah’s anger had been relieved.
“of course. And it’s an excellent choice. Because we will achieve the greatest results.”
“of course. Let’s get rid of everything.” The fierce burning in the eyes of the two apostles was the real reason Shirone had brought them.
As the blizzard entered the city, it turned into small, sharp ice crystals.
“It’s dangerous.”
Contrary to her words, Shirone calmly raised her hand and compressed the smoke from the Miracle Stream.
A flash of light instantly stopped the blizzard, but soon engulfed the space again.
Abyris, with ice clinging to one side of her face, looked around and approached.
“It’s magic.”
“Well, Siri’s Pandemonium is cold. Even though it hasn’t been opened yet, it’s this much power… …
Anyway, the odds of Siri being there are higher.
“Are there any survivors?” I don’t know if they were annihilated by the demons or if they evacuated to the castle in the center of the city, but there were no citizens.
I could see that the windows of every house were broken and the inside of the house was full of snow.
Help me.
Hearing a voice that could not be detected by human hearing, Shirone’s steps stopped abruptly.
Shirone jumped at the sound from the end of the area lined with twenty stone houses on both sides.
All the cold-weather windows were broken and it was dark inside, but a faint light shone from deep inside.
“Huh. uh huh.”
As I entered the house following the sad groans, a woman was holding her child and crying.
“My baby, my baby.”
“What happen?”
As Shirone approached, the woman held out her hand with a distraught look.
“help! The child is not breathing! please please… …
Seeing that her husband was not there, she was terrified and could not escape and seemed to be in an isolated situation.
It was not at all a cold period in which a child could survive, but Shirone reached out with hope.
‘Heart is beating.’
Sensing the vibration through her fingertips, Shirone hurriedly hugged the child and activated the Miracle Stream.
‘If there is life, I can save it.’
As the energy of light permeated the child, a cool smile appeared on the woman’s lips.
The moment the fingertips turned into sharp ice flew towards Shirone, a small magic circle was born in front of Peyton’s eyes.
It flew at the speed of light and kicked the woman in the face, which shattered like pottery and scattered into powder.
Then, from the neck down, it became ice powder and scattered, and a few steps behind it transformed into a woman with the color of opaque ice.
It was Ciri, the commander of the 6th Corps.
“Ho-ho-ho! Too bad! I thought I could feed you properly.”
The moment Phaeton attacked the woman, Abhiris had his arm around Shirone’s neck.
It was a move to protect Shirone’s vitals in case Peyton’s attack failed.
“I knew.”
Shirone stood up, looking down at the snowflakes running through her fingers.
Siri laughed.
“I’m sorry if I offended Yahweh’s pride, but… … I don’t think you knew at all.”
“When I found out my heart was beating, the first thing that came to my mind was that it couldn’t be.”
I wasn’t stupid enough to not know my biological limits.
“The reason I tried to revive him was because the child was dying right in front of the mother’s eyes. If I’m wrong in my judgment, even if it’s one in a million, or even one in a billion… …
So if one life dies.
“The pain is incomparable to the universe.
All right, Siri. You can’t do that. No matter how much you hate me, you shouldn’t cheat like this.”
As the Miracle Stream rose like a flame, the smile that hovered around Sari’s mouth disappeared.
Then even the last bit of life left in her eyes cooled like a city.
“That’s why I hate you. They always use swarms. Do you know how many parents have lost a child simply because of an accident or bad luck? Rather, like Buddha, just say you hate me. Then I will scream in fear.”
“Even if it doesn’t make sense, that’s the heart. Siri, realize love and repent.”
“gibberish. Philanthropy is hypocrisy. I’m sure you’re keeping an eye on when the demon realm will open anyway. Because you have to protect the people you love. Why don’t you try it? Would it be quicker to kill me or open the Pandemonium?”
“There is no priority in philanthropy.”
“Then prove it.”
Siri thumped and knelt down on her knees.
“I know I can’t win a fight with you. So from now on, I will repent of my sins and perish.”
I had already heard the news that Yahweh had pushed Buddha out of Baska.
“But can you really believe me? Maybe I can open the demon realm. Can you watch me until I disappear?” Siri laughed.
“Knock! Look! You can’t! Do you doubt the truth? You will hate me for making such a proposal, right? Let me guess what you’re thinking? What should I do, kill now? Then, when the demon world opens first… …
“Siri.”
Shirone took a step forward and looked down at her with friendly eyes and said.
“good. If you can trust me with that… …
As Phaethon and Abyris gulped, Ciri returned with a serious expression.
“Lord, I am sorry for my sins.” As Ciri’s body shattered into ice crystals, her Pandemonium Ice Age was activated.
When the temperature went down enough to feel it on his skin, Phaeton let out a furious roar.
“How dare you deceive the Messiah!”
Dispersing into powder toward extinction, she glared at Shirone and burst into laughter.
Shirone waited for her as promised at the beginning.
“By this, all beings will realize how stupid Yahweh is! I feel bad for this! I… … I… …
At that moment, Ciri saw herself reflected in Shirone’s eyes and realized.
“I won… … . I… … The fact that hot tears are flowing from your eyes for the first time in your life
O
“why… … why… … ?”
It was only when I looked into your eyes with a poem filled with sadness instead of anger that I finally understood everything.
‘Really? really me… …
The moment I experienced the huge chaos that formed the village turned into something clear.
“iced coffee??????
everything is clear
‘I see.’
maybe it could have been reversed.
“Hey, Yahweh?????
Ciri’s hand reached out urgently, but before that, her body was untied into crystals.
Cirone, who was watching Siri disappear, turned around with the same expression as the first time.
“… … let’s go.”
Watching the lonely weight of the footsteps, Aviris spoke to Phaeton.
“We must remember the events of today.”
“??????okay.”
We must follow the Messiah who fights the greatest battle in the universe alone.
Also, that must have been the last message left to the 12 apostles by the Mudeung Dragon, Kara Torsa.

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 977 - Pandemonium Hell(4).txt
===============================
Pandemonium Hell (4)
The Jincheon Empire was one of the countries that suffered the most damage from the demons.
However, as the country boasted the world’s largest population before the war began, there were still 100 million people still alive.
“It is Satan.”
Bassago, with multiple horns that make you sick just by looking at it, descends like hair down your back and looks towards the sky.
He spread his four arms wide.
“Dye the whole world with evil.”
As the Demon Realm opened, cracks began to appear in the muscular body that was petrifying to gray.
The body, which had maintained its shape even with numerous cracks as if glued together, was blown away by the breeze, and the commander of the 3rd Corps of the Army of Hell was annihilated.
Unbelievable changes began to occur in the quiet mountain where there were no humans or even demons.
The blackened grass grew to a height of more than tens of meters and broke the surrounding trees.
The winged insects fled, but for reasons unknown, they also rapidly changed shape and crashed to the ground.
Then the animals screamed, and finally the entire mountain landscape began to transform into a harmony that could not exist in reality.
The energy of chaos that formed Bassago was spreading in the form of radioactivity, causing biological mutations.
“You are late.”
The earth dragon Gaitan looked down at the landscape where the entire mountain came to life like a giant monster.
Shirone said with a sad expression.
“Bassago’s ability is mental radiation. It spreads the mind like a wave and changes the cells of living things. The Pandemonium has opened, so this is just the beginning. Many mutants will enter the human city.”
Even while they were talking, mental radiation rushed in, and sparks flew against the Miracle Stream’s defense walls.
Paired with Gaitan, the White Dragon, Assriker, looked over the city beyond the mountains and said.
“First of all, controlling human access is a priority. It would be good to see what the range of radiation is.”
“okay.”
Without imagining what monsters might be waiting for them, Shirone and the apostles went down the mountain.
“Kuaaa!”
When Gamagin, the commander of the 4th Corps, opened the Devil World, the entire continental plate of the 10 kingdoms in the archipelago began to shake.
“this??????!”
By the time Shirone caught him with the Hand of God, the vitality that was transmitted had already drained away.
“Messiah! Avoid!”
As if they were concocting each other, corps commanders from all over the world were simultaneously opening the Pandemonium.
‘I have no intention of fighting.’
As long as he is determined and focused on opening the demon realm, the only way to stop it is appeasement, but he already knew from his experience in Gustav that it was almost impossible.
An earthquake of clear power of destruction threw all creatures on land with feet upward.
I saw a landslide in the mountains and a tsunami rushing in from the reddish sunset.
‘damn!’
It was an enormous amount of flow that hit 10 kingdoms in the archipelago once and escaped.
As the Hand of God expanded to its greatest extent, it crushed the waves on one side, but tsunamis were pushing in from all directions across the archipelago.
And at the same time, Marbas, the commander of the Fifth Army in the Middle East, opened the Explosive Pandemonium.
“I will burn everything!”
Even though it was just morning, the temperature in the desert soared and the oasis dried up.
People suffering from the heat have already appeared, and weeping cries were heard from the oasis where the water disappeared.
And again, at Baska’s royal castle, Shirone was waiting for the dawn to dawn. At the table, drunk and sleepy friends were snoring or talking in their sleep, and only Rian kept his seat while sipping alcohol in a steady rhythm.
“Looks like things are bad.”
yo. this. . o”
■?
He didn’t want to give more information to his friends than he had been entrusted with, but it was reassuring if it was Rian.
“While we were drinking, a terrible tragedy struck the world. About 1.8 million deaths alone. The 10 kingdoms in the archipelago suffered the most damage. There will probably be an emergency in the morning.”
“… … Right.”
Rian followed the iron rule of not thinking about the sword.
“Shirone, stop resting too. I will take all my friends home.”
“No, do it together.”
Lian lifted the men in layers, and Shirone lifted the women into the air with the Miracle Stream.
The fact that there was no sign of anyone waking up was probably because they were tired, but it meant that it was a place they could trust.
‘That trust is so good.’
Praying that they could rest in peace a little longer, Shirone and Lian left the restaurant.
The next morning’s situation was as Shirone had imagined, and frankly worse than that.
Even though it did not affect the Central Continent, officials muttered the same thing in a state of panic.
“The whole Pandemonium has been opened.”
An emergency meeting was called, and everyone except Taeseong and Zulu, who were still unconscious, gathered at the castle.
The succession ceremony is scheduled to take place in the afternoon, but as the situation is urgent, Pony sits on the throne.
The first thing she did after receiving the king’s power, albeit temporarily, was to look back at Shirone.
“Did you know?”
“huh. Rather than knowing it, I was there. Sorry. I tried, but it was impossible to stop the Demon Realm.”
“Based on the reported time, it was when we were together yesterday! Why don’t you tell me then Pony shut her mouth.
Knowing nothing changed, and Shirone was the only one who could take action.
“And there is a mistake in the report. Not all are open.”
Shirone said.
“The first thing I instructed the 12 apostles was to find the location of the corps commander. Then you can go to simultaneous events. Some were on time, some were not, but there is the only corps commander I couldn’t find.”
“Baal, commander of the 1st corps.”
Shirone nodded at Miro’s words.
“yes. And Baal’s Pandemonium is a deadly cross, or meteorite impact. What makes it different from other demon realms is that once a meteorite collides with it, the planet itself is destroyed.”
Taeseong can no longer protect the planet.
Sein asked.
“How can you be sure that Baal did not open the Pandemonium? Meteor impacts take time. In other words, it could have already opened the demon realm and disappeared, right?”
“There are experts in this field. He is a person who can look into the space realm with the Spirit Zone.”
Amy put on a puzzled expression.
“Sending the Spirit Zone out of space? who?”
Shirone raised her index finger and said.
“Ivory Tower 3-star resident Arnold Lampa.” Lampa was located on an uninhabited island in the middle of the sea, 200 kilometers east of Galliant.
“The Demon Realm is not a phenomenon. It is a system that pre-existed before that.”
There, Shirone talked with Rampa about this Demon Realm, more specifically about Baal.
“For example, it is said to distort the law, but if you look at it that way, it is the same kind as the hidden code of Shiok that Oh Dae-seong said. But it’s much bigger and more complex code. Shall we say that there is a world with its own law within the whole law?”
“yes. Jincheon, the 10 archipelago kingdoms, the Middle East, and Gustav are not the environments I knew before. We have requested cooperation from the World Climate Organization, but we do not know how effective it will be.”
“What I want to say about that is this. I can also use the breakaway spirit zone to attract meteorites from the near universe. It is a magic called Meteor.”
Rampa’s Satellite Chong, who had been listening from a distance, corrected the mistake.
“It would have been possible 30 years ago.”
Rampa clicked his tongue at the words of the disciple who couldn’t understand the atmosphere, but Shirone smiled at him.
“If Meteor brings the meteorite directly, Baal’s Pandemonium is probably the law, the principle that changes the direct path of the meteorite. But even so, we have no choice but to use meteorites in the solar system.”
“How many?”
“There are 7,543 distances that can hit a planet in 30 days. Of these, 1,411 have a mass capable of causing lethal impact. Incidentally, even I cannot move these 1,411 meteorites. It is not meteor level.”
“Perhaps all. When the Pandemonium opens, the meteor’s course will subtly change.”
“yes. I’ve already tried it, and so far there is no special movement. The Pandemonium has not been opened yet.”
“all right. Please keep watching. If you notice anything odd, let me know.”
Lampa and Chong Yi lowered their heads.
Shirone in Baska relayed the conversation he had with Lampa to everyone.
It was fortunate that the Pandemonium hadn’t opened yet, but everyone looked tired.
“1,411?”
Meteor magic, which collides with a single meteorite, can end a city.
“are you okay. I’ll find out more about that. The World Climate Organization will work in conjunction with Pony.”
After listening to this, the friends also realized why Shirone only delivers necessary information.
‘It’s not my major. It’s an unsolvable problem. I won’t be able to do anything if I listen to all of this.’
As if reading Nade’s thoughts, Shirone nodded.
“Now let’s have a meeting where we can. First of all, the succession to the throne. If Pony takes over Tormia, I can effectively convey my voice to each country.”
The official who was listening asked in a voice mixed with concern.
“Which country will listen to us? Due to the invasion of demons, our power has already gone to the bottom.”
“But there are generals of the temple. Only this rookie knows the core technique of the elemental bomb. If we use this strategically, we will gain support from other countries.”
“But that would allow other countries to use elemental bombs. Isn’t this rather dangerous?”
It sounded correct, but the way he spoke was not good given that he was an aide to Adolf XIII.
“The elemental bomb is important in warfare. The light of agape subdues the demons, but it needs the explosive power of an elemental bomb to be as powerful as it was in the sky above Baska. We will make bombs, but we will only use them in an agape way.”
Pony asked this time.
“Can I control it?”
“I have to. Let’s create a task force. Rufist-san will have to manage it. Also, the Nade Group should monopolize the production of bombs. With these two things, you will be able to exert influence over other countries.”
Miro asked while the official was completely silent.
“What about Heaven’s Army?”
“It is still scattered all over the world. They are coming together little by little, but they won’t be able to act very quickly.”
“why? Is it because you are asleep?”
“That’s an important part, but there’s an infighting. The biggest event is that Ikael sided with humans.”
Pony’s eyes widened.
“Really? How did you capture the enemy commander?”
“I didn’t embrace it. She is my biological mother.” Silence fell in the hall.
Amy already knew, but the other friends looked shocked and couldn’t keep their mouth shut.
“An archangel, no, an archangel is your mother?”
As even the officials watched with bated breath, Shirone made eye contact with Amy and smiled.

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 978 - Major Premise (1).txt
===============================
Major premise (1)
It was a shock to everyone, both those who guessed the relationship between Shirone and Ikael, and those who did not.
The question that shakes the very foundations of biology, that angels have human children, did not even arise.
It was only important that Yahweh, who represents humanity, and the head of Heaven’s army were connected by a strong link.
‘Shirone is… … A child of Ikael?’ For the officials close to Adolph XIII, the strengthening of Syrone’s cause was not a good thing.
There is not much time left before the succession ceremony, but they are also the people who came here after experiencing numerous reverse electrodes.
‘There is no giving up until the end. I have at least one card. But if what I said is true… …
Their future was clearly looming.
‘Should I ride the pony line even now? If I do this, I’m really going to be purged.’
The Pandemonium opens on each continent and humanity is in danger of being destroyed, but who cares?
The reason they are here is to protect their own lives, not to save the world.
Shirone, who knew most of human history, was reading their minds as well.
‘it could be.’
As I heard in Guffin’s last message, protecting oneself was not a sin.
Waiting for everyone in the Grand Hall to clear their minds, Shirone spoke again.
“Ikael’s joining will be of great help to mankind, but we cannot survive with that alone. If we classify the world situation with the concept of enemies, now mankind
There are 3 powerful enemies. It’s me, Ymir, Habitz.”
They were strong people who could not present a counterargument.
“Either way is fatal to mankind. In fact, in terms of the depth of the realm, I think I am second to them. But why couldn’t I stop it…”
Miro said.
“Ultima System.”
“yes. It is because the state I have reached is based on my heart. After the succession ceremony, I will go on a pilgrimage around the world and gather the hearts of mankind. I can do kingdom or city scale through Pony, but I plan to go directly to villages and remote areas where the social system has not penetrated.”
“so?”
When I turned my head to where the voice came from, Gaold sat sullenly in the corner.
It was Gangnan who looked after him, and Miro turned away from Gaold as soon as he glanced at him.
“What are you going to do? Are you going to visit each one and beg them to change their minds for the sake of the world?”
Shirone was speechless.
“That would be fine too. But would you know? What is the human heart
hey… …
Kang Nan lit a cigarette in his mouth.
“Cool! Cool!”
Aside from being in front of Pony, who would become the next king, Kang Nan was also halfway giving up.
Gauld, who had been coughing hard, continued by inhaling a long cigarette again.
“Humans will never eat strawberries if they want to eat apples. Even if you just want to eat it. In the end, it is the heart that can’t even turn around the trivial question of which fruit to eat. If you threaten with a knife, of course you will eat strawberries, but that is far from your heart. To change his mind is to change himself. In other words, he becomes a completely different, new human being.”
The heat of the officials hurriedly dissipated as Spark threw a living cigarette butt.
“There is only one way a human who wants to eat an apple can change his mind to eat a strawberry. Do you know what that is?”
Gaold spread two fingers.
“I’ll give you both.”
Shirone was still silent, but answered with a look as deep as Gaold’s.
“If told to eat both apples and strawberries, humans would happily eat strawberries. that’s the heart They are uncontrollable monsters that want to devour them all. The only thing that can be done is to confine even the extreme maze inside the cage. Harvits completely freed him. Perhaps only I can kill that monster.”
Cutting out the heart perfectly.
“But you want to tame it? I have no intention of pouring cold water on it, but I assure you, that is absolutely impossible. Not everyone can be you.”
Gaold’s analysis, despite his apparent depravity, was still sharp.
Mir also admitted.
‘Still, it’s not completely gone.’
Well, in a way, Gaold’s life may be the reality of the monster I just talked about.
‘You can’t lock it up, you can’t release it. It cannot be tamed nor killed.’
The name of that life would be Miro, but she didn’t want to think about it that far.
“Mr. Gaold is right.”
Now, everyone’s eyes turned back to Shirone, and Shirone accepted it meekly.
“I talked about it in front of my friends yesterday, but it’s a matter of technical thinking. I don’t think we can reach Ultima in time using normal methods.”
“then?”
As Miro spoke, a knock was heard.
The big door opened, and Blitz and Aitra, who had left for somewhere last night, entered.
“Messiah, I have brought you.”
Following the apostle were Luver and Mongah, familiar to some people.
Louver greeted with a benevolent smile.
“I have been called by Oh Dae-seong.” While the people who had experienced Drimo were making faces of surprise, Miro suddenly realized.
“No way, Shirone you… …
There was such a way.
“yes. Mr. Louver is a dream keeper and manages Dremo’s territory. That is to say, he is connected to the spirit of humanity all over the world.”
Through Omega, Shirone also realized what kind of existence Louver was.
He wasn’t as top-level as Taeseong or Argones, but he was definitely an administrator in charge of a part of the system.
“The plan is this. With the approval of Mr. Louver, the manager of Dremo, the Ultima System is installed in the psychology of all human beings. It is implanted directly into the mind.”
“uh… …
A few people tried to speak up, but my mind was still unorganized.
When I finally understood what it meant, Amy opened her mouth with an expression full of joy.
“That way… … Miro intervened.
“It’s a contradiction.”
It was a problem that only she, who had no blind spots in thinking, could grasp.
“The method itself is good. But it doesn’t include a major premise. That there really should be an Ultima system. It should be at least conceptually complete. But if that was the case, I would have already solved it with education, training, or mental resonance. The reason you can’t do that is because it’s the realm of the senses. It’s easy to explain what intimacy is, but who knows what it feels like? I can’t even guess.”
“That is why the pilgrimage is necessary.” Shirone explained.
“This world consists of the exchange of photons and quantum signals. In other words, half of it is the background, and a being with a heart fills it with something to make the world. That means that all events exist with probability, and any impossible thing can happen.”
Shirone raised her index finger and asked.
“Then why don’t quantum phenomena occur?”
Everyone listened.
“Why doesn’t it suddenly fall through the floor and onto the first floor, go to the wrong place along the way, or turn into a grotesque monster?”
Miro said.
“Because that doesn’t happen. Because it’s definitely never happened before. It’s contradictory, but you want to say that the contradiction is the truth, right?”
“yes. If this world is only made up of hearts, anything you want is possible. It’s jumbled and messed up, but it’s logical in itself. But basically it’s a photon signal. That signal creates a prejudice, possibly reducing the tenuous probability of that happening to zero.”
Shirone looked at the people.
“Assuming a world of electricity, the combination of photons and protons seems surprisingly efficient. The background is laid out, and users define it themselves. The photon signal acts like a kind of consensus mechanism. There is no need for special coordination because everyone’s justice is combined to become the world.”
The world is built at the speed of light.
“Those who used this world long ago realized the truth and developed and used the signal to the limit.”
And finally, one of them denies the cold world and goes against cowardice.
“Not everyone reached Ultima from the start. Just a small incident, that one incident can change everything.”
“Limits of Cognition. Are you talking about the realm of faith?”
Shirone nodded at Sain’s words and made a small ball out of materials.
“In the world of light quanta, all truths are obtained inductively. For example, this ball can’t go through a wall, not because it’s true, but because it’s never happened before. however… …
After catching the ball in the palm of her hand, Shirone turned around and threw the ball at the window.
“One day.”
The ball flew straight through the window and flew outside.
“When that inductive logic is broken.” As everyone stared blankly with their mouths open, Shirone turned his head away.
“Human cognition is going beyond its limits, allowing it to enter new realms. In other words, the probability that had been squashed down to 0 percent skyrocketed.”
Because half of the world is made up of the mind.
“It is often said that they believe in God. But even a priest cannot be perfect. Not to disparage them, but you can’t believe something that no entity can perceive. This is why Eden’s defenses cannot be perfect. However, if a god really descends into this world, or if even a minor miracle similar to it happens, perhaps the whole world will believe in a god.” Syrone sorted it out.
“This is why I want to purify people’s hearts through pilgrimage. Because a quantum signal is a concept like multiple users using the same bandwidth, it is less effective if mutual sincerity is not intertwined. If I passed the gong a moment ago, but the person who uses the mind skill strongly rejected it, the two phenomena would have collided.”
Sein said.
“But there is no one like that. Because no one has expanded their cognition as well as you.”
“yes. Because you can’t even imagine that it’s possible. But if you’ve already seen it with your own eyes, you don’t know.”
Miro said.
“I know you can’t do that. It’s not a skill that can be imitated to the extent of seeing it with the naked eye. That’s why you’re trying to plant the Ultima system yourself.”
So, while Shirone’s words were only about possibilities, he didn’t even consider the maze anymore.
If it’s not impossible, it’s because it’s the current situation of mankind that you have to do something.
“Okay, I understand what you mean. But there’s a second problem. Even if we move the Ultima system to the depths, what about the aftermath? Actually, you too realized Ultima in heaven. If you get only the 11th sense without going through anything from the 6th to the 10th, you won’t be able to integrate it. Even if I tried to understand all the signals, it would only lead to social chaos.”
Arius, who was lying on the floor with his chin propped up, added.
“It is a question of whether people will accept it. In the case of Shirone, Ikael implanted Ataraxia. But he must have been on the verge of destroying his mind at the time. Can ordinary people who are not even Unlockers bear such a shock?”
Come to think of it, his nickname was Grave Robber.

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 979 - Major Premise (2).txt
===============================
premise (2)
Miro, who maintained a critical attitude, could not hide his disappointment when he heard Arius’ words.
“How could there be no way?”
“The human mind is exclusive, and it loathes the concept of forced penetration. That’s why divers use familiar concepts as keywords and endlessly detour. Even so, you can’t avoid the egoist. After all, it is impossible for another person to know the mind of another person perfectly. Robbery is rather irrelevant. Because oblivion is a natural flow for humans. But to engrave something on the mother’s mind is just the same as what Ikael did to Shirone. You’ll go crazy, and you could die of shock. Normally, I dive like it doesn’t matter, but this time it’s different.”
“Then why can’t we talk about it from the beginning? Even if Agape expands the limits of cognition and Ultima is transplanted through Dremo, it is only if the person concerned does not accept it.”
“I have something in mind about that.”
Shirone said.
“If you feel reluctant to accept someone else’s concept, make it a given.”
Most couldn’t understand, but Ariusman had a serious expression on his face.
“Hmm.”
It was a judgment that made sense.
“You mean you lower the threshold by repeating the experience.”
Shirone nodded, and Miro looked down at Arius and spat out fiercely.
“Explain.”
“yes.”
Arius, who straightened his upper body, straightened his posture for the first time and began to explain.
“Humans are creatures of adaptation. The more you repeat the same experience, the more you take it for granted. For example, no matter how delicious food you eat every day, you get tired of it. Of course, the reverse is also true.”
Arius raised the index fingers of both hands.
“Let’s call Mr. Shirone’s Ultima system Keith. And it is assumed that the target to be transplanted is a person who has never been kissed since birth. In that case, when the concept of kissing was implanted, there would of course be a backlash. It’s because what you haven’t experienced has been defined in your head. But what if we implanted the experience, the memory of having kissed before, all at once? Of course, the backlash drops to less than half.”
Miro opened his mouth in an absurd way.
“So now… …
“yes. What Mr. Shirone is trying to say is to conceptualize the entire experience of the Ultima system. Obviously there is a possibility. Indeed, familiar concepts are portable. Even if the memory of turning the pedals is transplanted differently to a cyclist, there will be some confusion, but in the end it is the same as accepting it as one’s own memory. In that respect, as much as the mind is exclusive, it is also a very strong attribute of self-identification.”
Miro said.
“But this time it’s not a kiss. It is transplanting a state that no one has reached in human history.”
Arius objected.
“On the Ultima system, there is only one experience. This is because the information in 1 digits is integrated no matter what is added. Once you can conceptualize it, the equation itself will be easier. And don’t speak easily. Master, you haven’t even kissed before.”
“Suddenly, the story… …
Miro looked where Gaold was and sighed when he saw that he was preoccupied with his own thoughts.
“good. So where do you get that experience? Even Shirone has never been integrated with anyone.”
Minerva asked.
“4-star villager castle brain. That guy is Gai Ain, right?”
Shirone readily admitted.
“yes. But he lost Ultima. It won’t help you this time.”
Shirone knew what happened between Adam and Eve through Omega.
Miro asked in frustration.
“Then what are you going to do? Isn’t there a way?”
“no.”
Shirone looked back at everyone and said.
“There is only one. The one who has a perfect Ultima system that doesn’t even need to be integrated anymore.”
“Is there such a person?”
Miro flashed the person he knew into his head like light.
I tilted my head for a moment, but when the category surpassed people, I finally realized it and opened my eyes wide.
“… … Ymir.”
The hall was buzzing, and even Lian, who had been contemplative without interfering in the conversation, opened one eye.
“Yes, Ymir. The only life form in the universe that has the experience of integrating 10 billion Gaians.”
With no one speaking, Shirone looked back at Louver and came to a conclusion.
“Through Dremo, we enter Ymir’s mother’s mind and steal the Ultima system. It’s transplanting it to all human beings. Then we can end the war.”
“Whoops. Whoop whoop.”
A half-mad voice echoed through the grand hall, and his eyes turned to it.
Arius was shaking his shoulders like crazy.
“Heh… … Kkkkkkkkk.”
Even though Sein is the number one person in the mental system, he can’t keep up with Arius when it comes to stealing, so the audience waited until he exhausted all of his emotions.
“ha.”
He, who had become a dog in the labyrinth and had been subdued even to his spirit, lifted his chin like a human for the first time.
“Will this happen in the end?”
Then, with his missing eye, he estimated the direction of the maze, raised his index and middle fingers, and said,
“Master, would you like a cigarette?”
“Shut up and speak quickly.”
“… … yes.”
Arius sighed and said.
“I have the experience of going into the psychology of Mr. Shirone’s mother, who is called Yahweh, and even the psychology of my master Miro.”
Both approached with bad intentions, but there was a sense of authority.
“It was amazing. yes, it was great But in the end, it’s just a human mind. It’s not that sirone-san or master are shallow, it’s just that they’re so. What I really want to say is… … 10 billion minds.”
Unlike the trembling shoulders in fear, Arius’ mouth was filled with happy madness.
“And its integration. I can’t even guess what the world would look like. Are you really going to do it? If you want to say that you are the only hope, let me say this. It’s just suicidal. He said he would give up without a fight.”
Shirone asked with a smile.
“So you’re not going?”
“I have to go.”
For the first time, Arius felt sorry for the eyes he had plucked out as he decided to dedicate everything to Miro.
“I will definitely go. However, as a leader, I am not going to live. I will do my best, but I want you to keep that in mind.”
“great. I will also join through simultaneous events, but as this is the most important issue in the Ultima System project, we need more collaborators. If you would like to support… …
Before he could finish his words, the hands of many people spread out in the Grand Hall went up.
Lian didn’t even have to check, this Rookie and Nade, Amy and Tess
eyes burned
Nade has arrived.
“Shirone, we are going too. You know my stubbornness am i sure to go? huh?”
Shirone gave an embarrassing smile.
I was moved by the determination of my friends, but considering the difficulty of the mission, it was an impossible team.
“The little ones are missing.”
Nade and Eruki looked back, narrowing their eyes, but soon shrank their necks like Zara.
Miro was walking toward Shirone, emitting an incarnation of the Thousand Arms Guanyin like smoke.
“How am I?”
He was a person who didn’t need to be judged, but it would have been easier to build a team that way.
Shirone, who was examining the energy of the iron wall emitted by the Thousand Arms Guanshi Yin, nodded.
“Enough.”
When even the maze asked for permission, Eruki, Nade, and Tess quietly backed away.
On the other hand, there were two people who still did not give up: Lian and Amy.
said Amy.
“Shirone, I will go too. You’ve experienced Dremo, and you’ve played an active role there.”
It was Shirone who saved his life with Amy’s base.
‘Amy is strong.’
Her power to conquer the world of fire is beyond imagination, but Shirone did not readily answer.
‘A little… a little bit ambiguous.’
that level of difficulty.
When Shirone first mentioned applicants, she turned her attention to the person she had in mind the most.
‘Mr. Gaold.’
He knew that if Miro went, of course he would follow, but he was still lost in thought.
People opened the way to the left and right, as if Shirone’s gaze contained invisible power.
Miro moved along the path.
“What, are you not going?”
Contrary to expectations, no answer came back.
“Are you really retired? If you can’t fight then leave. Don’t keep fooling around in front of me.”
Kang Nan glared at her.
“You speak harshly. I’ve never ruined myself for a single moment. It’s all because of you.”
“okay? I’m sorry. But what can I do, it seems like I don’t have a body to break anymore? Foolish deaf person.”
He cursed at Gaold, but Gangnan was so sad that it brought tears to his eyes.
“What are you doing… …
Why is Miro being mean to Gaold?
“There are conditions.”
As if not paying attention to the conversation between Miro and Gangnan, Gaold looked back at Shirone.
“Please speak.”
“Instead of me going, the labyrinth stays here. If it’s decided like that, I’ll destroy Ymir or whatever.” Garold’s remarks may have come from the same cold analysis as Shirone’s, but she came as an intolerable insult to Miro.
“This bastard!”
The moment Miro, who came running in one step, swung her leg and slapped Gaold’s chin.
‘omg.’
Everyone who watched blinked quickly, realizing it was an hallucination.
Miro was breathing heavily.
“… … kill it.”
I really want to kick it, but the moment the seal in my heart is lifted even a little bit, Jeon Too-yeong breaks.
“Just die. Get out of my way.” Shirone seemed to understand a little why Miro was being so cruel to Gaold.
Then Rufist came in.
“I am Lufist, the head of the Magic Association, who was in charge of the succession ceremony. Please follow me.”
Respectful, he looked at Pony and said.
“It is time to become king.”
The news of the succession ceremony being held reached the farmland outside Baska.
“I’m going out to a place like this. After all, people live a long time to see. Is that so, honey?”
The wife watched pathetically as farmer Clein tying a bow tie on his tattered clothes.
“Are you really going to come? What would a farmer like you do in a place like that?”
“You won the war. There are only a few houses other than ours where the whole family has survived. Anyway, the city is said to have been devastated, so let’s look for something that can make money.”
“I can’t live like this because I have the head to do that. Don’t go overboard and go somewhere.”
Klein scratched his cheek.
“Why has my whole body itched like this since last night? Did something strange happen here?”
“The only thing that’s strange is your face, isn’t it?”
“My wife, what are you talking about… …
My son jumped out of the kitchen when my husband turned his head in disapproval.
“dad! Are you going into the castle?” my dear son
“ha ha ha! okay! Dad went in today… …
The moment I threw my heart at my son, an intense pain spread through my whole body, like being stabbed in the teeth with an awl.
“Aaaaaaa!”
The son stopped walking in surprise, and the wife put her hand on the shoulder of her fallen husband.
“honey! What’s wrong?”
“it hurts! Do not touch! It hurts!” I was about to lose my temper.
“Are you sick anywhere? here? here?”
“I don’t know! I don’t know! just everything… … Uhhhh!”
As if his sense of pain had become more than 100 times more sensitive, his bronchial tubes seemed to burn just by breathing.
Farmer Klein.
In the Baska area, it was the name of the first person infected with emotional disease.

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 980 - Major Premise (3).txt
===============================
premise (3)
While riding in the carriage to Allogue Street, Shirone fixed her gaze on the scenery outside the window.
Lufist stared intently at Shirone, and Fleur, who was sitting next to him, gulped down his saliva.
‘This is something I can’t even do.’
He was a comrade who fought alongside him, but from now on he had to open his mouth as a representative of Tormia.
Rufist said.
“Sooner or later the temple will be reorganized.”
“… … okay.”
Shirone did not turn his head.
“It means that the power structure of the Three Emperors is changing. The elemental bomb technology will be monopolized by Tormia. Of course, this is the content of the agreement already made with the general military of the holy war.”
‘Eruki… …
Originally, it was a contract to hand over the secrets of the atomic bomb as a condition of providing a flower garden.
“But the situation subtly took a turn when you were protecting Basuka. After all, if you don’t agree, even the General Commander won’t fulfill the contract.”
It was such a problem.
Flew waited for Shirone to answer with her hands folded.
‘I can’t beg to do it.’
Although they are close friends like older sisters and younger siblings, their feelings do not work when it comes to the question of the safety of mankind and the future of the country.
Shirone opened his mouth.
“It is possible with the technology of the elemental bomb. Kashan, Jincheon, and Gustaf won’t be able to use their strength as much as before. Are you thinking of pushing one of them out?”
“no.”
Lufist stretched out his upper body.
“That too is a story when the balance of power is tight. I intend to raise Tormia to the top position.”
If it was ambition, it would be ambition, but from Tormia’s point of view, she wouldn’t want to miss this opportunity.
“Of course, if the ivory tower admits it.”
If it is approved by Oh Dae-seong of the Integrated Space Management Department, other stars will have no choice but to feel the weight.
“I’ll leave the elemental bombs to you. If Eruki made that decision, I have no intention of objecting.”
At first glance, it seemed like an easy consent, but Flew quickly realized that he had drawn the line.
‘It means that I will not give more power to the kingdom. In fact, even this is an achievement… …
I couldn’t help but feel sad.
Above all, the fairies and dragons that Shirone had under his command were once the armed forces of Prince Lee of the temple.
“sister.”
When Fleur woke up from her thoughts and raised her head, Shirone was smiling.
“sorry.”
Flew also laughed and shook his head.
“No, I am sorry.”
When you get obsessed with one thing, there are cases where you forget what is really important.
Shirone is Shirone.
He was a good younger brother who had never let me down since I first met him at the Magic Association.
“Come to think of it, I’ve grown up a lot. It seems like yesterday that I was at a loss because I couldn’t even do the force.”
“haha! My older sister was also very disciplined. I am the chief secretary now.”
Memories came and went without a break.
“Hmm.”
It was not a satisfactory result, but Lou Fist closed his eyes without further request.
“Oh right! The 5th prestigious convocation day?”
“Yes, do you remember? So while we were passing by, my sister secretly gave me a high five…”
What really matters is that you already have it.
The crossroads in four directions, east, west, south, and north, centered on Allog Plaza, were filled with crowds.
“Long live Tormia! Long live Tormia!” It is unusual for the king to change in one day, but surprisingly, the citizens did not panic.
It is probably because it gave them a sense of security to quickly seek change in the midst of the complicated world situation.
Most of the procedures were completed, and the last thing left was for Adolf XIII to hand over the crown.
While Pony knelt down and bowed her head, King Adolf XIII took off his crown and approached.
‘I, I… …
I thought I had already given up, but something hot welled up again from deep inside my heart.
‘why me?’
Decades of waiting to become king flashed through my mind like a kaleidoscope.
In the end, he became the king, and now he was in a situation where he had to hand everything over to the lowest-ranking pony in a single day.
” majesty?”
The crown hovered over Pony’s head for a long time and swayed weakly.
“majesty.”
The official’s second words were to live.
As time passed, people’s doubts would grow, and it was not the painting that Lufist wanted.
Adolf XIII relaxed his hands, and the crown brushed past Pony’s face and fell to the floor. The clear sound took the strength of the stillness and spread as an echo to the far end of the Alog Street.
“gibberish… …
Adolf XIII bit his teeth hard.
“Stop talking nonsense!”
As the citizens gathered in the square looked surprised, he lost his temper and shouted.
“This is a scam! I am the noblest of royalty! Why should I be swayed by these people?”
Shirone and the others, who were watching from the bottom of the podium, were also in an agitated mood.
said Nade.
“That way, I’m going to go to the goal.” said Eruki.
“It must be the so-called King’s Wrath. He seems to have endured on his own, but in the end, this is the limit.”
Adolf XIII pointed the finger at the Shirone team.
“Do not be fooled, people! They are the ones who threw bombs over Baska! You are being teased!”
Lufist, who was watching the situation from behind the podium, nodded at Fleur.
“Take care of it.”
It was the order promised, and Flew grabbed the phoenix and pushed his heart into his eyes.
“This crown is mine! A human being born as a king, that is me, Adolf… … Aaaaaa!”
Adolf XIII, who was about to put the crown on his head that had fallen on the floor, suddenly let out a scream.
The flue that was about to jump out stopped moving, and Shirone’s eyes changed into a question.
‘ what?’
At first, I thought it was an ambush, but there was no magic that could fool his eyes.
“it hurts! Aww! head, head… … !” Adolf XIII, who had been rolling around holding his head, forgetting the king’s body, grabbed his chest this time.
“Knives, blades! It looks like the blade is coming in!”
People were at a loss for words as they felt like they were watching a play that was not happening in real life.
and the next moment.
“Aaaagh!”
With the sound of someone’s tearing screams, everyone fell to their seats and began to roll on the floor.
“Oh, it hurts! My whole body hurts!”
The moment I instinctively felt that something was wrong, the same pain came to Shirone and the others.
“Keugh!”
Shirone finally realized.
The moment I inhaled, my throat felt like it would tear, and my lungs felt like they were on fire.
‘It’s not magic. More intrinsic than that… …
some kind of system.
Looking around, not only my friends but also Miro, Sain, and Gangnan were suffering.
While everyone in the square was rolling on the ground, the only person standing was in sight.
‘Mr. Gaold.’
Only Gaold had a serious expression on his face, as if he felt no pain.
At the same time as the sound of the jet bursting, Minerva landed in front of Shirone.
Her face supporting Taeseong was also slightly distorted in pain.
“You are awake.”
As Shirone approached, Taeseong moved away from Minerva’s support.
“Shirone, this is Demon World. Paimon’s Demon Realm has opened.”
“Paimon?”
Didn’t it melt and disappear in the light of agape?
“I was revived with a short hair difference. my fire
It’s Char. Even if you don’t lose consciousness… …
Sironer] shook his head.
“It’s not Taehyung’s fault. Even if he was conscious, it would have been difficult to detect.”
It was a dilemma like an angel’s ‘looking down’.
“Rian, please summon everyone in the party. I will tell you how to get rid of the Demon Realm.”
As it should be, at present, all four of Shirone and the others were struggling in pain.
“What kind of demon world is this?”
“Paimon’s Pandemonium is a hospital. It’s a disease of a kind that doesn’t exist on the planet. The name of the disease is emotional disease. It is a terrible disease in which nociception is modulated on a scale of emotion.”
“A measure of emotion?”
Taeseong looked back at the people and said.
“The human body works in a special way according to the mind. Heart rate, brain waves, hormones, everything changes. Emotional disease is a disease that is dormant in the pituitary gland and is activated when the body reaches a certain state. To put it simply, the pain spikes when you love something and settles down when the object is removed.”
The moment she finished speaking, Shirone’s distorted face returned to a calm state.
“… … okay.”
“How did you do it, Shirone?”
“Killed him.”
Shirone looked back at her friends and said.
“A little air.” “But this is something only I can do. It’s because you can love even the smallest air with the same weight.”
It was the realm of absolute fraternity.
Even the act of breathing out the air is the same weight as killing a person to Shirone.
“Anyone who lives on an oxygen hobo can use the same method as me. But if that’s not philanthropy… …
“You can’t keep breathing. It cuts the air itself out of the heart.”
“okay. It’s going to be hard, but kill something first. What you value.”
The moment he said it, Shirone got goosebumps.
‘I see.’
It was a truly terrible disease.
Meanwhile, the friends who got a hint from Shirone’s words began to devise their own method.
“done.”
The first person to solve the problem was Eruki.
“What did you kill?”
“The generals of the holy war.”
It was a kind of mental murder.
“ah.”
In retrospect, there are many things that human beings consider precious in life.
Among them, it can be said that it is like Eruki that he chose the commander of the holy war… … .
‘Even if it’s not Eruki.’
What else could it kill?
Nade and Amy’s eyes seemed to have the same thought, and a light of determination came into them.
“Whoa, me too.”
What the two abandoned were the positions of head of the Nade Group and commander of the 1st Valkyrie Corps, respectively.
While getting out of the pain one by one, Adolf XIII cried out in tears.
“Aaaaaa! help me! it hurts! it hurts!” He wasn’t struggling, but the pain Pony felt was no different from him.
‘No king. I can’t give up.’
Although he heard of ways to alleviate his emotional illness, things were not going well with Shirone’s friends.
It was different.
‘If I give up on the king, Shirone will lose a means to lead the country.’
So what should I kill?
“Jeonheu｝! Let go of the king’s authority! Then the pain will go away!”
Most of the officials used Eruki’s method.
It was honestly easy.
Anyone could give up a career if they had to keep swallowing glass dust instead of air.
However, the weight of the king is a little different
was
“Yes, give up! I am no longer the king! I will give up! So my feet… …
Adolf XIII’s eyes widened and he grabbed his neck with his hands.
“Quaaaaa! it hurts! It hurts more!”
“It’s not about shouting with words! Seriously, seriously, you have to give up!”
“Aaaaaaa!”
While watching the gruesome scene, Shirone and the others realized another fear of emotional illness.
‘It has to be perfectly cut out.’
That meant that as the symptoms of emotional illness progressed, the character had no choice but to change.
What remains at the end?
“Huh!”
Kneeling on one knee, Miro gritted her teeth and endured.
‘I’m not giving up on anything.’
Since she had already cast out everything except the polar line, there was nothing to give up.
‘The pain continues to rise.’
Every time my heart beat, my chest felt like it would tear, and my lungs were so hot that I was afraid to even take the next breath.
“Miro, give up even one!”
By the time Kang Nan’s voice faded away, and cold sweat dripped down like water droplets.
‘It’s not on the pain level. Being alive is hell… …
Miro finally realizes.
‘It’s like… …
A man’s face crossed his mind.
“Is it very difficult?”
Miro, who had been watching the shadows cast on the ground, lifted her head with difficulty and looked up.
The only human who does not suffer from emotional illness.
No, they are not even sending a message because they are already living in more terrible pain than anyone else.
“you… …
Gaold was looking at the maze with pity.

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 981 - Major Premise (4).txt
===============================
premise (4)
Even in his confusion, Miro could see Gaold’s scrawny face clearly.
Of course, he was living in more terrible pain than himself, but his eyes were vividly alive.
‘how… …
All the guesses I knew in my head were destroyed, and Miro realized for the first time.
‘How did you live like this?’
I’m afraid to even breathe right now, but I couldn’t believe that I had lived through this kind of pain for 20 years.
“I don’t know what’s going on, but Miro knew that Gaold’s words were not affected by emotional illness.
And that meant that the pain Gaold normally felt was beyond imagination.
“Be patient a little longer. Don’t try to fight the pain, don’t try to avoid it, just accept it.”
Miro just left himself alone.
Forgetting the idea of breathing, he entrusted the basics of living things to the laws of nature.
The size of the pain did not change, but the attitude to accept it became much more resilient.
The voice of Adolf XIII was heard from the podium.
“Huh! I’m trash! I am insignificant. I am the worm of the world.”
In the end, it seemed that he had let go of the king’s authority.
It also meant that the personality of Adolf XIII was completely different from before.
“Help me. I am a poor fellow. please… …
The dignity of royalty could no longer be found in him who was crawling on the floor with tears flowing from his nose.
People in the square were still writhing in pain.
Suffering triggers unfounded anger, and acts of violence have occurred in certain places.
Some had broken noses, others were trampled to the ground, bleeding from their heads.
Surprisingly, most of those who were beaten came to their senses with the pain of emotional illness gone.
‘flesh.’
Since humans value their own bodies, destroying them can alleviate symptoms.
Miro bit her lip.
‘crazy… … ‘
I finally understood why Paimon had boasted so much, and why Harvits coveted Mayray’s ability.
‘This disease is hell.’
Emotional illness is scary because it not only hurts the body, but also makes the mind and heart sick.
someone shouted.
“Hit! Then it won’t hurt!”
Learning through experience is the fastest, and another method was suggested in the plaza.
‘What was given up is morality.’
It is good to destroy the body, but it is also possible to give up being a law-abiding citizen.
The scene in the square quickly turned into a scuffle.
“Aye! die! Die!”
Pain paralyzes thinking, and I would do anything to get rid of the immediate pain.
The citizens were beasts, and Shirone watched the scene with sad eyes.
‘This is the world of Havitz.’
The current situation is not even a tragedy.
You can survive by giving up a few things right now, but how long will it work?
‘You have to keep killing in order to live. At first it’s strangers, but friends, family, and even yourself… …
As time goes on, horrific things will be done that cannot be compared to just beating someone up.
“it’s okay.”
Finally, Pony succeeded.
When her friends looked away, she was clenching her teeth with her index finger broken.
Kang Nan said to Miro.
“You break it too.”
Miro shook her head.
“It’s no use.”
Isn’t it yourself that you threw away first in order to reach the extreme line of perfection?
“I will do it.”
Shirone, who thought she had matured to a certain extent, raised her arms and activated the Miracle Stream.
Brilliant light gathered on the top of the head and spread out as countless particles.
“Aww! it’s annoying! I will kill them all!”
The citizens of the plaza did not see the light.
The only things that came into their field of vision were the faces of others they were fed up with and the bloody world.
As Lufist appeared on the podium and cast his magic, a huge iron pillar slammed down the center of the plaza.
Woo woo woo woo!
As the ground shuddered at the same time as the roar, the citizens stopped moving with frightened expressions.
“ha. ha.”
Having come to their senses a bit, they realized that it was no longer difficult to rest.
“Uh, how?”
Most would have killed something unknowingly, but so did those who didn’t.
Gaold said.
“You did something dangerous.”
Controlling the minds of citizens through Hexa can alleviate emotional illness for a while.
“Pain is the evidence of life that living things have. You can’t paralyze it that easily.”
“I couldn’t help it.”
If the status quo is maintained only by killing something, forcible removal of pain only raises the threshold.
That’s why Shirone also waited for people to get rid of the pain on their own.
“The second wave will bring more pain. But Miro-san has no other choice than this.”
Miro stuck out her tongue with wide eyes.
“Ok, thanks. To be honest, I think I will live for a while.”
Pony came down to the podium and said, showing her index finger that was bent to the back of her hand.
“The threshold of action is also a problem. If my brain convinced me that I broke my index finger, it would have already killed it. If so, even if you break the other index finger next time, you won’t be able to return to the incubation period.”
Nade asked.
“Wouldn’t it be okay if I broke my middle finger?” “That is ambiguous. It’s a different kind, but the concept of one finger is the same. I think I can break both of them at the same time, but I think I need to have accurate information about them to last as long as possible.”
Shirone nodded.
“You will need a lot of data. I’ll go and deliver it to the World Health Organization. Seriel will help. Blitz, go first and make the foundation for quantum transmission.”
“yes.”
Blitz, who lowered his head, immediately flew up into the sky and disappeared over the horizon.
said Amy.
“Pony, you don’t have to think too physically. I can’t give up on the king, but there are a lot of conceptual things. If the next wave comes, give up on me. The concept of friends.”
“I can’t.”
Pony shook her head resolutely.
“I’d rather have my body broken. I will never do anything like that.”
“But how are you going to hold on… … said Eruki.
“Pony is right. The danger of emotional illness is that the threshold continues to rise. Maybe you can break up with Amy. But then what? It doesn’t work the same way. In the end, you will have to go beyond severance and inflict harm, and if it continues like that… …
have to kill
Everyone who got goosebumps just thinking about the future that has yet to be shut up shuts their mouths.
Nade looked up at the sky and asked.
“What will happen next? We, and this world.”
No one could answer.
“Oh, Lord Yahweh.”
By the time the brief meeting was over, all citizens were approaching Shirone.
“Your light has saved us again. please protect us I don’t want to go through that again.”
All citizens knelt down and shouted.
“Shirone-sama! Please stay at my house! Please keep me in your light!”
“What are you talking about! I will monopolize that light! I only have 3 children!”
Shirone gasped at the sight of the citizens approaching from all sides, shaking hands.
“Then let’s choose a turn and let it shine! That is the fairest!”
“gibberish! How many people do you turn around? Instead, let’s make a specific place and gather there! Yes, we are building a church here!” Shirone couldn’t respond to their voices.
“It will be like this.”
Gaold said.
“I don’t think there are people outside Baska. Everyone puts their own pain first. Do you eat apples or strawberries? They will understand if you free all mankind from suffering. Because it gives you both. But if you can’t, they will be greedy for you endlessly.” Taesung said.
“The first wave was at a level where you just had to throw away one of many things. Therefore, agape, the intensity of the mind was not that great. But people’s threshold will continue to rise, so there will be a limit to Hexa’s power.”
Shirone’s Ultima System alone could not save all mankind.
“There is a positive side.”
Miro didn’t miss a thing.
“As I saw them, I felt that the opening of the Pandemonium made the integration of the Ultima system relatively easy. The more people suffer, the more they trust you.”
“Ironic. Evil strengthens a child.”
At Sain’s words, Miro nodded.
“The cycle of good and evil. Perhaps this is the last round left for mankind. It is still unknown which spokes will break and which spokes will remain.”
“Let’s go back.”
Shirone turned around as the soldiers blocked the citizens from approaching under Pony’s instructions.
“I need to close the Pandemonium as soon as possible.”
Shirone and the others arrived at the king’s castle using a mass teleport.
The first order given by Pony was to promote all the castle staff.
‘Most of the senior officials have given up their posts. There’s not enough people to handle the business.’
Re-employment could also be tried, but no one applied.
“As of this time, martial law is declared. Ban all citizens from going out except for royal guards. The key is to minimize the disturbance that will occur in the second wave.”
After dealing with the urgent matter, Pony asked Shirone.
“how is it? Have you reached the World Health Organization?” “Yeah, I just arrived. I’m talking to Seriel. I will pass on information as it comes in.”
Even those who experienced it directly had not yet established an accurate standard for emotional illness.
Taeseong said.
“This is not the only problem. Five Pandemoniums have been opened all over the world, including here in the Central Continent. To install a new system into the system of demonic reality. To solve this problem, we have to remove the root part.”
Shirone already knew the answer.
“The world behind it.”
“yes. The system of the demon realm raised the law of the other side world to reality. Therefore, if Hell can be completely purified, the Demon Realm will disappear by itself.”
Sein said.
“Continuing from Ymir’s mind, this time it’s the other side? Then who goes there?”
Again, with everyone raising their hands, Nade pushed the hardest.
“me! No concessions this time! Shirone, I’m coming!”
Taeseong shook his head.
“No, no. The other side of the world is not a place that anyone can go to. Shirone is possible because he opened the tissue paper, but a special method is needed for a being with the 5 senses to fall into hell.”
“What is it? I can do it too.”
“You will die.”
“The other side of the world is where the extreme emotions of reality gather. To enter the state of incarnation, you need to make a contract with Satan or have emotions that the system of reality cannot accept.”
“Emotions that reality cannot accept?”
“yes. As with Shirone’s fraternity, certain emotional limits must be reached. Death is the most common and easiest way, but there are special cases. This is called sin. Those buried in evil. Perhaps Siok is such a case.”
Eruki rested his chin.
“Then it’s a bit difficult. Because we cannot accumulate sins, and we cannot die.”
“yes. That’s why I’m begging you.” Taeseong turned his head.
“Lian, only you can fight in hell with Shirone. Please stop the Demon Realm.”
“ah??????
everyone realized
Only Rian, who has the ability to restore ideas, can experience hell while alive.

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 982 - Unselectable(1).txt
===============================
What you can’t choose (1)
“Lian… …
If the standard was to be a swordsman who reached the stage of transcendental ideals, Nade had no choice but to give up.
said Tess.
“But how do you enter the Underworld? Aren’t you supposed to be almost half dead?”
“Yes, that is it.”
Tess’ face turned pale, but Taeseong remained calm.
“in fact… … You can’t go to the other world by half dying. They are usually said to wander between death and death. Even so, it straddles the boundary between reality and the other side, but does not enter perfectly.”
Shirone said.
“The difference between reality and the other side is a blank sheet of paper. That’s why it’s called Pakji. However, the mental distance is end to end. That is why ancient people called it the river of no return.”
“Wait a minute, Shirone! So you’re saying that Lian can’t come back?”
“Seekers call the thing that crosses the boundary between the underworld and this world choeni bardo. But now it’s impossible even for me. It is because the princess of Jincheon, Jin Seong-eum, completely sealed the passage from the other world to the real world.”
Miro said.
“Thanks to that, humanity also has hope.”
“yes. Victory is impossible if demons, who are constantly reborn in the fires of hell, come over to the real world. It was such a huge achievement, and in return she… …
You must suffer forever in hell.
“So you’re asking me to handle it? There is also a woman named Jin Seong-eum, so Rian should be prepared to die too?”
Shirone understood Tess’s heart.
“Do not misunderstand. That’s half of what I mean, of course, but there’s no way to get back
It is not that there is no If you release the voice from hell, the barriers of boundaries will also disappear.”
“How do you free them? Is it possible? Has anyone ever been able to purify Hell?”
It was something even Guffin couldn’t do.
Taesung said.
“The problem comes next. Shirone can go to the other world through Bakji. But Lian has to use brutal methods. The best way is to burn it.”
Tess was on the verge of fainting.
“Lian has a strong spirit. It doesn’t budge from any kind of shock. It burns, burns endlessly, and condenses emotions to the extent that reality cannot accept them.”
“No, how could a person do such a thing…”
“Impossible.”
When Lian cut off his words, Tess turned her head and replied as if she had been waiting.
“yes? Do you think so too? You set fire to a living person.”
“No, rather the opposite. I can’t say for sure because I haven’t experienced it, but even if I burn it, my mind won’t be shaken. We need something stronger.”
Contrary to Tess’ blankly opening her mouth, Taeseong gave a satisfied smile.
“So, Lian, I need you. If you lose your reason and fall into hell, you will only be eaten by hungry ghosts. The method doesn’t matter. Fire only helps to gather emotions, what really matters is your will.”
“I understand.”
Lian, who turned around the Grand Hall, looked straight at Shirone and said.
“I’m coming too, Shirone.”
u Q ah h*
Tess, who confirmed the firm trust between the two through their eyes, lowered her head sadly.
said Pony.
“Not only Baska, but other regions are also a problem. Although the army of hell has spread radially, there will still be a significant number of demons in the central and southern regions.”
Shirone looked back at her.
“huh. Actually, I was just about to talk about it.”
Amy asked.
“I followed Dante. Have you reached Creas?”
There were Amy’s home and Lian’s home, and above all, Shirone’s adoptive parents.
“yet.”
“You didn’t arrive? What is it?”
“that is??????
Shirone opened his mouth.
From the top of the mountain overlooking the city of Creas, Dante put on a tired expression.
“That’s amazing… …
Hundreds of thousands of Demons completely surrounded the wall and were conducting a siege.
Giant monsters with their horns pierced the iron plated castle gate, and demons followed as if they were being sucked into the hole.
“let’s go. I do not have time.”
As Dante said, Shirone looked back.
Thousands of refugees rescued from each region so far stood there looking tired.
“I-I’m going there… …
An old man with a cane spoke on behalf of the refugees.
“We won’t help. I don’t know if it’s a bandit, but how can you kill monsters like that… …
Eden said.
“I will stay and protect the people. You guys go and help people.”
As the procession was large, it was only a matter of time before even a flying demon was caught passing by.
‘Eden’s defense magic. Even in the worst-case scenario, I’ll be able to last for a few hours.’
Said Shirone, who made her decision.
“Okay then let’s go. Dante, please investigate the situation at the Magic Association Creas branch. Lilia-san, please support the side of the castle wall. I will go inside the city and rescue people.”
Even as they spoke, a fire was burning every moment inside the city.
Dante hurriedly called when Shirone was about to cast the space movement magic.
“Shirone.”
“huh?”
“Stop by the Ogent family first.”
Shirone couldn’t answer.
“go. you deserve it If you don’t save your parents first, no one in the world will be able to help you kindly.”
“… … Thank you, Dante.”
Dante nodded, and Shirone’s body turned into a flash of light and flew toward the city.
Shirone, who had landed exactly in the middle of the Ogent family’s great sword, heard a familiar voice.
“Taha! Taha!”
In front of the main building, Reina was shooting an arrow at the anglers.
The rhythm of the speaker was excellent, and the demons fell down, but when the opponent rose to the rank of company commander, not even their teeth were eaten.
The company commander, whose whole body was covered in scales, approached, bouncing arrows with his forearm.
“Hehe, you are a human who attacks demons. It’s been a while since I found an interesting toy. I’ll tear off your limbs one by one.”
Reina calmly pulled the steel bow’s string all the way.
An arrow powerful enough to pierce the scales was fired, but the demons caught it right in front of their eyes and charged.
“Ha ha ha! A human like me… … ! Kuck!”
Before he could finish his words, the Hand of God flew in and struck the company commander with the back of his hand.
At the same time, a hand of light swept across the floor, seized the hungry ghost, and sent it flying across the sky.
It was literally the hand of God.
Reina, who had been watching blankly, turned her gaze to the front.
The bow fell with a thud.
“Shirone!”
As she ran away with tears in her eyes, she shouted while holding Si Lone’s hands.
“What happened? Why are you here?”
“It takes a long time to explain. What about Uncle Bischoff?”
“He’s fighting on the wall. Your parents took refuge in a magic school. It’s probably the safest there.”
‘Well, it’s not at the level that the military can stop it.’
On the other hand, at Alpheas Magic School, there was a certified second-class wizard, which was rare even in the association.
‘Deputy Principal Olivia.’
Reina continued.
“After taking my parents to the magic school, I came back briefly and was surrounded. No matter what, I think I have to protect the family seal.”
“I see.”
In a knight’s family, the seal is like the heart.
Reina was grateful for giving up such an important item and evacuating her parents first.
“It went really well. To be honest, I was giving up halfway through. Hurry to the magic school… …
At that moment, there was a pop across the city and a mushroom cloud of fire rose.
“Is that it?”
It was where the magic school was located.
Alpheas Magic School was large enough to compare to small villages in other regions.
The demons who came over the mountain gathered in the central building that had turned into a fortress and started a siege.
At the high level of the 5 prestigious teachers, the demons were clearly embarrassed.
But that doesn’t mean they’re not a race that throws away their belligerence, so they start pouring in the offensive.
Thaad, who was bombarding the ground with fire magic, shouted while looking back at Alfeas.
“principal! The barrier has been breached!”
The wrinkles around Alpheas’ eyes deepened.
“… … Teachers evacuate with students and citizens. I’ll buy you some time.”
Siena said.
“I can’t leave the headmaster behind. I’d rather stay here.”
“This is not the time to be stubborn. Shouldn’t the student die before the teacher’?”
“Then I can stay.”
Olivia stood next to Alfeas, staring at the window with a cold gaze.
“What kind of time is this old old man wasting? Leave it to me. I will get out without dying.”
Everyone knew that it was a bluff, and Alpheas raised the corners of his mouth gently.
“Geukkeu, inspiration is right, but… … As he walked to the window, a terrifying life-blood began to rise from his body.
“You haven’t forgotten who I am, have you?” Mirhi Alfeas.
Olivia’s expression became hazy at the sight of Alpheas’ back that overlapped with her youthful appearance.
“… … It’s the main book.”
Even at this age, I want to spend the end of my life with the man I love.
Approaching Alpheas, she spoke to the other teachers.
“go. We will take care of this.” In the lofty atmosphere of the relationship between the two, the teachers could no longer be stubborn.
“I will come back.”
After Thaad said that, he left the room, and other teachers quickly followed.
When the iron door in the basement was opened, the advanced class students were waiting with nervous expressions.
Behind Mark and Maria, the only seniors, were Shirone’s parents.
Thaad looked back at the students and said.
“You have to act calmly from now on. I’m leaving the magic school. I’ll take you to a safe place.”
If such a place exists in the world.
Even in the advanced class, they were aspiring wizards, and they followed the teachers without disturbing anyone.
Just as she was about to leave through the back door, Siena, who had been checking the road first, raised her hand.
“The demons are coming.” It was clear that the team was trying to infiltrate the building by bypassing it, and the number was at least elite.
“damn! Needless to say, at this time… …
“I will lure you in. Take the kids and run away.”
Thinking of diverting their gaze before they find the door, Siena casts teleportation.
There was no time to stop, and even if there was, the role of the teachers was clear.
“There! chase!”
The demon’s operation team chased after Siena, who was getting farther away, and fired an explosive pierced through her back.
Hundreds of thorns flying in pillars of fire bombarded the ground, shaking the entire site.
“Keugh!”
The heat was blocked by spreading cold air, but the shock wave devastated the eardrums.
‘What kind of firepower… …
He tried to counterattack by raising ice magic, but the enemies even surpassed his imagination with physical abilities.
The thorns were fired again, and this time it changed its trajectory following Siena as if it had a will.
‘guided missile.’
Biting her lips and waiting in her seat, she cast teleportation at the correct timing.
The spikes collided and caused an explosion, and she rolled on the floor in the shockwave.
‘I’m angry.’
Even before the world came to this point, she had her own pride.
-You will be a good teacher.
Armin knew.
The enemies that will appear in the world in the future are not at the level that mere humans can handle.
“Do not be ridiculous.”
Siena, who energized her wobbly legs, pulled up Absolute Zero’s battery.
It’s a local magic, but at least a few people should be able to use it as a road companion.
“Come on, you bastards!”
How many times in her life had such harsh swear words come out of her mouth?
Even though they were prepared for death, the demons only threw themselves away with greedy eyes.
“I will not kill you. I have a lot to hear.”
The moment Siena’s hand lifted, hundreds of thorns bent from left and right flew away.
‘ huh?’
The world tilted sharply to one side, and all the thorns began to fall down.
‘ what?’
Have the planets turned upside down?
‘no… …
It is you who is moving.
When he realized, there was no one around, and he was standing alone on the ground.
“Cheak!”
A short burst of demonic scream.
When I turned my head, all the members of the operation team were lying on the floor with their heads hanging off.
“Uh…7”
Then, in the center of that bloody landscape, a man’s back caught Siena’s eyes.
was a one-armed

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 983 - Unselectable(2).txt
===============================
Unavailable (2)
It was too hasty to judge someone based solely on being one-armed, but Siena knew with her heart.
“Quan?”
The man holding the sword slowly turned around.
Except for the fact that her right eye was closed, Siena’s appearance was exactly what Kuan thought.
“Are you okay?”
Siena ran to Kuan.
I couldn’t figure out if I wanted to be hugged or if I wanted to slap him on the cheek.
‘bad guy.’
the cheeks
‘I’m not the only one suffering.’
The moment she put strength into her shoulders and accelerated her steps, she saw Kuan’s face.
A sword scar on his right eye.
It was clear that the cut, cut diagonally, was not a cut on the skin, but a stab in the eye.
‘He’s a real bad guy.’
Her arms swung with all her might, and before that, her face was buried in Quan’s chest.
“why… …
Hot tears wet Quan’s chest.
“Why are you so stupid… …
The power of the demons she experienced was on a different level from the enemies she had fought so far.
However, Quan’s swordsmanship had reached a level far beyond them.
It was such a wound.
Kuan, with one arm wrapped around her back, spat out as much emotion as possible.
“it’s okay.”
Didn’t you keep it thanks?
If I could protect her at the cost of losing an eye, it would have been cheap… … .
‘This is not enough.’
Knowing the strength of his enemies, Kuan was prepared to pay more.
“Let’s go. Where are the others?”
Siena’s eyes widened wildly, and she pushed Kuan’s chest as she spoke.
“Is that the end? Are you talking about leaving without a word and then suddenly coming back?”
“That’s right.”
It was so nonchalant that it was rather embarrassing.
“Then why did you come? Why did you come down to this region? There will be plenty of places for you to fight.”
I don’t know.
When Shirone told her to do what her heart wanted, the first thing that came to her mind was Siena.
‘What did you expect?’
It is still in a form that can be called a human, but how long can it be maintained?
In Kuan’s head, he could see his own future in which even his limbs were amputated and turned into chunks of meat.
“It is part of the strategy. I have nothing left. Siena-san, please close your heart.”
“uh… …
She pursed her lips to speak, but soon closed her mouth and put on a cold expression.
At that moment, the demons who ran after hearing the explosion of the operation team filled the front line with blackness.
“Quack. What are you?”
They were about 3 meters tall and had dozens of mouths on a muscular body without skin.
Even though a piece of amulet was covering her face vertically, she could not calm the disgusting feeling.
Brigadier Kerer.
One of the things that divides the ranks of anglerfish is the number of mouths, and Kerer had a whopping 237 mouths.
“Please step back.”
Kuan blocked the way with a serious expression.
‘Is it one ear?’
An ordinary anglerfish has the energy efficiency of digesting a loaf of bread in two seconds.
‘That’s why I’m always hungry, but…’ …
Once full, the anglerfish was one of the most difficult demons to deal with.
Quan drew his sword.
“I’ll lure you as far away as possible, so stay away.”
“no. I will fight too.”
“They are stronger than turtles. It is too much for you to handle with your skills right now.”
“It doesn’t matter, to you.”
Quan looked back at her, frowning at the cold tone that left a residue.
“I only have one arm.”
The bitter feelings were conveyed as they were.
“I can’t fight with you.” As Siena’s eyebrows drew a sad figure, Keruere burst into laughter.
“Puhehehe!”
The sight of tongues protruding like rainbows from his entire mouth made him vomit.
“That’s it. Even if you die, only that woman… … . huh? But what? I would definitely eat that woman first. Fuhehehe!”
The subordinate frowned.
“Stop laughing. Even we are hungry.”
Keraire was serious.
“Okay, let’s do it quickly.”
Siena’s shoulders trembled as the energy of demons rose from the group of meat-killing demons.
The first demon.
The desire to eat, which existed from the moment the creature was born, made her mind confused.
‘I have to run away.’
Just before the omnipotence and omnipotence of space movement were combined, Ker-Ehr came right in front of me.
The demon’s face was reflected in Siena’s retina, but the signal had not yet been transmitted to the brain.
‘ huh?’
When I came to my senses, I wasn’t there anymore, and everything that had happened in an instant rushed into me.
‘Quan.’
He felt his one arm, the only one he could wield, wrapped around his waist.
Siena bit her lip and said.
“because of me… …
“Calm down. Because this is the beginning.”
Hearing those words, Siena raised her head and saw the demons moving at tremendous speed.
‘They’re chasing after this?’
Even the energy metabolism of an ordinary anglerfish reached 30 times that of a human, and that of a carnivorous demon was 240 times.
“There! excuse me!” Quan said at the time when he felt a strange feeling that even though he could hear it from afar, he was approaching him.
“You may lose consciousness.”
” what……
The moment Siena opens her mouth.
Clown Pierrot – super-excited.
As the landscape tilted more than 70 degrees, the flat land turned into a cliff as huge as the world.
“Huh!”
Gravity shook the inside of the stomach, and according to the acceleration, a shock was applied that turned the blood in the whole body backwards.
“Huh!”
the world rotated
In that landscape, the afterimages of demons were passing over the retina at tremendous speed.
‘Where is this?’
In a state of disorientation, Siena half-forcedly embraced the landscape.
The sky and the earth interlocked vertically and began to tilt sharply to one side.
‘It will fall.’
Gravity that can’t help but think so.
“ah??????
However, the scenery waiting beneath her feet was a sky covered with white clouds.
falling into the sky
‘And this… …
The world where a man named Quan lives.
‘Because it’s so crooked.’
Confessing your love or walking hand in hand is something you cannot even dream of.
Siena’s eyes grew hot.
‘ still… …
The sea of sky that we looked at together was so beautiful that we couldn’t give it up at all.
“Kuan-san, I… …
The moment she was about to express her determination, Siena’s stomach convulsed.
“town!”
That moment when his cheeks swelled up due to vomiting, but he couldn’t spit it out to Kuan.
“Miss Siena.”
After the landscape turned half a turn, the weight of standing on the ground spread throughout the body.
It probably didn’t go very far, but it was important to persevere anyway.
“Wook! Woo!”
Kuan patted him on the back.
“If you want to vomit, vomit. It is only natural that the gravitational acceleration keeps changing.”
She endured, and whispered ferociously.
“Is that a problem now? As the demons stopped talking, the shouts of the enemies looking for Kuan and Siena could be heard from all directions.
“come out! Where are you!”
“Cowardly child! come out quickly! Do you think we’ll be this hungry?”
He was in the middle of the scattered demons, and no enemy could find Quan’s location.
‘Surely this is a circus.’
said Quan.
“You will not be able to fight like before, as your energy has been consumed rapidly. Now we just have to deal with it.”
They were all screaming, but their shoulders were drooping, and eventually even their voices were locked.
“I will.”
Since he wasn’t the type to intercept the ball, Ku An’s closed eyes frowned even more.
“Because I have to get used to it in the future.”
As she said with a smile, she tightened her eyes and fired ice magic in all directions.
A scream erupted as the thick icicle landed precisely in the carnivore’s open mouth.
When the sight opened, Kerer, who was still looking around, finally found Quan.
“How dare you mock me!”
The posture of kicking the ground was good, but it was so slow that it was incomparable to the first time.
“Big!”
There was an empty stomach rumble so strong that it could be mistaken for thunder.
“wait! Chew me up!”
Grabbing the still-living subordinate and hugging him with both arms, his entire mouth moved.
“Kuaaa! Aagh!”
“Be patient. I will avenge you.” Hundreds of mouths licked the flesh on her side, and Siena made a disgusted expression again.
“I’m going to live for a while.”
Kerer, who had thrown his withered subordinate to the floor, widened his eyes at Quan.
“Just kill… …
Kuan’s appearance disappeared.
At the same time, the ground tilted in Keruère’s field of vision and finally flipped completely 180 degrees.
“this??????!”
Even while raising his arms and waving at the situation of falling into the sky, he did not realize.
When I realized that the neck cut by Quan was falling from my body and was going up to the sky, my face spun around, and the world turned around and the unbearable motion sickness intensified.
“Aaaaaaa!”
The face that fell with a thump rolled on the floor.
Siena stared blankly at Ker’er’s body still struggling with her arms.
“Let’s go.”
When Kuan returned to her sword, she hurriedly turned her head.
“that’s right!”
Thaad seemed to have escaped safely, but demons were still gathered in the central building.
“The principal is still here. It was surrounded by demons, but at that moment, an explosion erupted from the central building.
“oh my god… …
Where Siena turned her head, a huge mushroom cloud was rising into the sky.
‘haha. Cheek. Alfeas, crushed by the rubble of a building, burst into laughter.
“Alfeas! are you okay? hey!”
Olivia crawled over and shook his body, oblivious to the blood flowing from her head.
“don’t worry. I won’t die like this.”
Looking at it with lighting magic, a huge pillar crushed both knees.
“… … Why did you do that?”
When the demons entered the building, Olivia tried to cast the self-destruct magic.
But Alpheas was faster.
“A bomb?” While pressing the detonation switch of the bomb piled up in the basement, she protected Olivia with magic.
“why? Are you going to sue me?”
It is absolutely illegal to store explosives in schools, but Olivia chuckled.
“Is this what it means to be confident? A wizard too.”
“It doesn’t matter, magic or bombs.”
“… … It is you.”
Whether it’s a particle or a wave of light, like Al Peas in his youth, when he thought it was enough to be beautiful.
“wait. I’ll take your leg off.”
When Olivia tried to lift the pillar with magic, Alpheas frowned.
“Arthur. It’s probably buried as deep as 10 meters underground. If you touch it wrong here, you will be crushed to death.”
“It’s the same. Because the second collapse will happen soon. Whether it works or not, I have no choice but to try it.”
“do not do that.”
Hearing Alpheas’ unusual voice, Olivia quietly looked back at him.
“little bit more… … Will you stay with me’?”
I already knew.
The fact that there is no way to get out of the underground with the power of two people who have run out of energy.
“okay.”
Olivia squeezed into the narrow space and lay down next to Alpheas.
It was quiet.
“What are you thinking about? Thinking of your wife?”
“Not that shameless. I said goodbye Before the demons come.”
“then?”
“Is this also the main book… … I want to.”
Alpheas turned his head.
“It wasn’t something I didn’t like. When you confessed, I thought I might have a new life. Sorry. I didn’t have the courage.”
Olivia was in tears.
“Are you saying that now? stupid long.”
“Cheuk, anyway, you heard it alive, didn’t you?” She smiled and nodded and gently stroked Alfeas’ cheek.
When I turned off the lighting magic and slowly brought my lips together, a stream of light flowed in from outside.
“huh?”
In the next moment, the entire wreckage of the building began to rise slowly, driven by some force.
“principal! Are you okay?”
Shirone’s face was visible above the pit, and a huge hand of light was grasping the rubble above it.

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 984 - Unselectable(3).txt
===============================
What you can’t choose (3)
“Shirone?”
After confirming that the two were all right, Shirone said with a smile.
“Please wait.”
The sound of the Hand of God pouring building debris into the clearing at the top of the mountain could be heard from here.
“what? however… …
The postures of Alpheas and Olivia lying down were quite meaningful.
“What were you two doing?” Realizing that she was still in her arms, Olivia dropped her hastily.
“Ugh!”
Alpheas groaned in pain.
“Mi, I’m sorry. are you okay?”
As if the pain was not going away easily, he frowned arrogantly and winked at Shirone.
“Thank you for saving me, but can you cover it up again? It was a very important topic right now.”
Olivia’s face brightened.
“What nonsense are you talking about, you crazy old man!”
Shirone laughed.
Seeing that both of them were full of energy, it seemed that there was no internal injury.
“I’ll take it out now.”
The Hand of God penetrated the ground and lifted the two as if they were being pulled out of water.
“Hmm, light.”
Alpheas smiled.
Who would have known that the child who asked what magic was would become the light that saves the world.
Upon reaching the ground, Olivia was able to confirm the power of the bomb that had just exploded.
“oh my god… …
The entire radius was blown away, and a huge crater was formed where they were.
Siena came running.
“Sir! Are you okay? how
what happened? The school exploded!”
Olivia chinned.
While receiving emergency treatment from Shirone, Alfeas raised his thumb.
said Rayna.
“My kneecap was crushed. The magical treatment was given by Shirone, but I think he will have to combine surgical operations.”
“I must go to the army. It would be the only place where you can meet surgery in this situation.” Thaad’s voice was heard from outside the crater.
“Master! Are you all right?”
Arriving in front of the group by teleportation, he too lost his words when he saw Shirone.
“What happened? An explosion?”
Thaad, who had heard everything from Siena, let out a sigh of relief and said,
“thank god. Others are hiding in the mountains. Shirone, your parents too.”
I shot the lighting magic up into the sky, and 10 minutes later the students came down from the mountain.
“uh? Shirone-senpai!”
Mark and Maria ran first, but Shirone did not even receive a proper greeting.
It was because he saw Vincent and Olina standing in the crowd of students, haggard.
” mom.”
They didn’t even expect to have a son, so Vincent and his wife froze in their seats.
But nothing could overcome the hot energy burning in his chest.
“Shirone!”
” mom!”
As Shirone hugged Olina roughly, Vincent covered them in tears.
Numerous questions that did not wait for an answer were poured out on each other, and people watched happily.
Shirone exhaled impulsively.
“I found my birth mother.”
Why is this timing?
The thought of making a mistake flashed through my mind, but it seemed like there would be no timing if it wasn’t now.
“Uh, hey, I thought I should tell you first. Of course, my father and mother… …
“okay.”
Olina, who was making eye contact with her husband, said while caressing Shirone’s cheek.
“That’s great.”
“… … yes.”
In the end, Shirone burst into tears.
The night streets of Baska, where martial law was declared, had turned bleak like a ghost town.
Occasionally, the screams of emotionally ill people floated through the air like ghosts.
There was an echo of a loud bang, and from somewhere a woman’s cries of terror could be heard.
Pony’s face overlooking the city from the castle was already exhausted.
‘I’ll be able to get past the day.’
After breaking two more fingers, she realized that self-injury was not a problem.
‘The rise in the threshold is much larger than expected. I can’t even last a few days in this state. I have no choice but to be patient.’
The key was to get rid of the Demon Realm, and as soon as I wake up, Shirone and Lian will leave for the Underworld.
‘Is it okay?’
According to Shirone’s hint, the process of going to hell in the state of a living body is truly terrible.
If you don’t do it, you will become a demon.
It was Shirone’s expectation that even if he maintained his sanity, things would not be normal.
When I lowered my gaze toward the garden, Tess was out alone, looking up at the moon.
‘Are you Lian’s lover? It must be disturbing.’
Since it was not a situation where anyone could sympathize with anyone, Pony closed her eyes and went inside.
“ha.”
Tess sighed.
‘Are you really going?’
Hearing how to cross the river of no return burned his stomach.
‘I can’t stand it. It’s crazy.’
If it wasn’t for the situation where all of humanity would perish, Shirone wouldn’t have taken Lian either.
‘Bad child.’
Even when I was angry with Ryan, I ran chills down my spine when I thought of the fear he must feel.
‘Yes, I should wake up too.’
After returning to the castle, Tess packed snacks and headed to Lian’s accommodation.
“Rian, it’s me.”
“… … come in.”
Again, his voice was trembling.
Taking a deep breath, she opened the door with an effortless expression on her face.
“hi? A beer or something… …
Tess’ movements stiffened as she held the bottle up.
“Whoa! Whoa!”
The heat was hot in the room, and Lian was doing push-ups with her shirt off.
he said, turning his head.
“What are you doing, won’t you come in?”
It was a stiff expression, but there was no fear of tomorrow.
Tess slammed the door shut and sat on the bed.
“Are you okay?”
“Emotional disease? No problem for the time being. Even if I break or tear something, it will be restored.”
“No, not that. Do you know what you have to do tomorrow? You, still in the fire… …
Tess abruptly stopped talking.
Even if it is something that has not happened to you, it is terrible. How would the listener feel?
“Yes, it sets my body on fire. That way you can enter the Underworld.”
“Aren’t you afraid?” Tess finally couldn’t stand it and spat out.
“You don’t know what kind of effect the fire on your body will have in this world! it’s crazy? Or are you really stupid? may not die But that’s what makes it even worse, you idiot!”
Ryan stopped exercising and got up.
“Tess.”
Then he took the beer bottle Tess was holding and said while removing the cap.
“don’t worry. You will do well.” Tess was staring blankly at Lian, who was drinking beer, and suddenly got goosebumps.
‘I’m not stupid.’
It’s courage.
The courage to not give in to anything was Lian’s talent.
After the workout, Lian drank beer with Tess.
Time passed without any mention of tomorrow, and it was midnight.
After a moment of silence, Tess, who was fiddling with the bottle, burst into laughter.
“ha ha ha!”
It’s such an atmosphere when a man and a woman are in the same room.
“What, all of a sudden?”
When Lian asked, Tess’ laughter spread to a self-deprecating smile, and the words continued.
“We are cool.”
she asked, turning to Lian.
“Or am I just being cool? In fact, you are not thinking about anything.”
Ryan was speechless.
“Do you want to do it?”
When there was no answer even after exerting the greatest courage, Tess hurriedly changed the atmosphere.
“ha ha ha! I’m kidding! I hope I do you… …
Was that why it was more sad?
A warm feeling gripped her heart, and tears welled up in her eyes.
“Couldn’t you just tell me? I will never bother you, so can you just tell me that I love you?”
“You are a good person.”
“why! why!”
Tess jumped up and stood in front of Lian.
“You are leaving tomorrow! You don’t want anything! What’s so hard about just saying something?”
“Why did Shirone choose me?” I was angry at the sudden question, but I couldn’t get anything out of it without going through Shirone.
“Only you can enter the other world, you are strong, and Shirone trusts you the most.”
“no.”
Lian shook her head.
“If that was the only reason, Si Lone would have gone alone.”
When I heard it, I was right.
“I don’t know the principle, but it seems that Shirone is all over the world at the same time. When I heard that, the first thought that came to my mind was this. Then how do I keep it?”
Tess kept her mouth shut.
“If Shirone dies in one space, what will happen to Shirone in another space? Will everyone die, or will only Shirone die in that space?”
“so… … Did you ask Shirone?”
“No, I didn’t ask. If it was tactically necessary, I would have told you without asking. But Shirone did not reveal. That means… …
Ryan’s eyes turned cold.
“When Shirone in one space dies, all Shirone in the world will die.”
Saliva ran down Tess’ throat. “That’s why I didn’t say it on purpose. Knowing this will lower your morale.”
“Ha, but it’s just speculation. If you ask Shirone tomorrow… …
“You really think so?”
Lian stopped talking.
“Do you think Shirone would have asked her friend to do something she could do alone, knowing that her friend would suffer terribly?”
no.
“I will go to hell by any means. And I will protect Shirone there. Tess, I know your heart. But I don’t want to take on any responsibility other than Shirone. It will prevent you from making a choice when it really matters.”
If your judgment is delayed because of the lingering attachments left in reality, you should cut off everything and go.
“So, you can’t take any responsibility for me? Even just saying a word? Even 1 percent?”
Ryan said firmly.
“Even 0.1 percent.” “Sorry. It’s okay to resent it anyway. I’m already determined. I must… …
“ha ha ha! Ha ha ha ha ha!”
Tess’ laughter was mixed with crying, but somehow her expression looked lighthearted.
“It’s really like you. I know that? You are the worst of the worst men I have ever met.”
“sorry.”
“no it’s okay.”
Tess grabbed Lian’s head with both hands.
“Because I never regret it. Now I know why I like you.”
Because he is a real knight.
‘And me too.’
She put her hands on Rian’s hair and said with a sharp expression.
“go. Go fight.”
“?????Tess.”
“Listen carefully to what I say. You must keep your sanity. And if Shirone is in danger… …
Tess held back her tears.
‘Don’t cry, Tess. Smile. You have to laugh.’
Somehow I couldn’t see the tears, but in the end I couldn’t make a smile.
“If Shirone is in danger… …
Biting his lip, the words he pulled up finally passed through his throat and out of his mouth.
“You must die. Promise. I won’t hesitate even for a moment. It is to protect the lord.”
Lian lowered her head and closed her eyes.
“okay.”
Suddenly I had this thought.
If peace reigns in this land someday, it would be nice to live with Tess.

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 985 - Unselectable(4).txt
===============================
Unavailable (4)
At the Creas Defense Forces Infirmary, Alfeas underwent surgery to put the bone fragments together.
Excluding Alpheas, numerous wounded soldiers were bleeding and moaning in pain.
“Huh.”
They saved their lives with recovery magic, but they suffered severe functional damage to their bodies.
Lyria asked.
“Shirone, how can you help me?”
“Nothing is impossible with quantum phenomena, but curing someone is an elusive problem. Hexa’s ability is that two people’s perceptions collide over one world.”
Shirone turned around.
“Usually I win. You can’t beat me for feeling the world based on my 11 senses. But what if it was the body of another person or a common thought recognized by everyone? For example, asking the sun to suddenly disappear would probably be difficult.”
said Dante.
“Everybody thinks it’s impossible
peel.”
“okay. If it were me, I would get rid of the sun with greater power, but my heart is different from the law. The Miracle Stream could take your life. Because death is a natural perception. But I can’t make you a woman. It is because it is a certainty that transcends the five senses.”
“Hmm, it’s a technique of the heart.” Shirone took out a ballpoint pen.
“The basis of Hexa is a perfect state of mind. For example, if I recognize that this ballpoint pen does not exist… …
The ballpoint pen is gone.
“It really doesn’t exist. It also means that my perception overwhelms you. But if you can create the same state of mind as me, you can too.”
Shirone handed over a ballpoint pen, and Dante took it and stared at it.
‘Ballpoint pens do not exist.’
He tried to erase it somehow, but the ballpoint pen was still imprinted in his hand and in his eyes.
“… … I understand. No matter what method you use, a perfect state of mind cannot be created. As long as we don’t know what the condition is, we can’t block suspicion.”
Shirone nodded.
“It is the limit of perception. People in particular are incredibly confident in their bodies. Regenerating an amputated leg would be something that could never be established from their point of view. No matter how desperate you are.”
“If you truly believe it?”
Eden asked.
“What if someone believed in the power of the mind to the same extent as common sense? Can it be cured then?”
“Then nothing is impossible.”
Shirone smiled.
“But if it were that easy, we wouldn’t be fighting hard. Legal treatment is the most convenient way to fix the principal’s knee. It is not necessary to solve simple quadratic equations with algebra.”
While Dante, Eden, and Lilia were testing the quantum phenomenon by passing ballpoint pens around, Shirone looked at the scenery of the infirmary and headed for the door.
Dante followed.
“Where are you going?”
All the demons in Creas City had been wiped out, and the refugees had also joined the city.
“Wherever. There are soldiers here and there are people to share the pain with, but there are also places where it is not.”
“Can we do quantum transfer?”
“Simultaneous events are like a paving stone. When the two me recognize each other, one disappears. Beings with 5 senses would not be able to recognize each other even if they were placed between just one wall, but I have 11 senses.”
Dante kept his mouth shut.
“Quantum is a phenomenon originally created to build systems on a cosmic scale. There is a feeling that time and space are too narrow to be used inside the planet. If two me pass by at a distance of several tens of kilometers, it is about the extent of normal humans barely passing each other.” Shirone brought his two fists together, almost sticking together, and slowly crossed them.
“No need to complicate things.] You shouldn’t be aware that there is another me in a certain space. But what if a fierce battle takes place in a certain space? I will maximize my senses to fight.”
Shirone spread her right hand and covered her left fist.
“In this case, the first I recognized becomes the real one, and all the remaining me becomes emptiness. If you’re on an important mission, there’s bound to be a setback.”
“Right.”
“I want to move as organically as possible within the scope I can afford. There are many villages outside of Creas, so I’m thinking of going there. In the meantime, please.”
“Don’t worry about that. however… … Dante’s face nodded happily
it got serious
“When will you come? Emotional disease.”
This was the reason why Shirone and the others couldn’t smile comfortably even though they had won a small victory.
“Within 24 hours.”
Shirone slowly turned around.
“You have to prepare, Dante. We will all see a different world than before. mind
keep the tone and… …
What I wanted to say was this.
“Save yourself.”
Pesian kingdom.
It was around 2:00 in the morning when the remnants of the demons rushed into the kingdom south of Tormia.
As it belonged to the poorest country in the Southern Continent, it lacked supplies and manpower to stop the demons.
At around 4:00 in the morning, the demons that penetrated the capital spread radially and slaughtered humans as they could be seen.
The port city of Verikent.
Dark blood soaked into the lifeline of Pescia, where 200,000 people live.
“Aww! Save people!”
The demons who occupied Verikent were an army led by Brigadier Della under the command of the 6th Corps.
Dela, the demon of delusion, took the form of a slender girl with black hair that hung down to her shoulders.
However, his true color was the worst of evils, playing with human emotions like toys.
“Please save me. Please, please save me.”
About 100 people who entered the pier after fleeing the alley knelt down and prayed.
Men, women, old people and children.
While searching for a target, she spotted a stout man glaring at her.
He, who had fought the sea all his life, was showing a distinct aggression unlike other people.
Dela asked in the language of the behind the world.
“Don’t you like me?”
The language of the demons felt like tearing dozens of sheets of paper at the same time.
“What are you talking about, dirty evil
Mark!”
He fired hard, but he knew that the man also had no chance of winning against the demons.
‘Aim for a gap and jump into the sea.’
The sun hadn’t risen yet, so if you dived under the water and hid in a ship, you might be able to save your life.
“Looks like the captain, let’s have a bout. If I beat you, how about releasing me?”
After thinking for a moment, Della nodded.
“good.”
It was human language, and the man was displeased that his voice was unexpectedly beautiful.
‘Pretend to fight and fall to the side.’
The distance to the water is 20 meters.
If it was a demon, it was a distance that could catch up in one second, but the story would be different if you avoided the blow.
‘You can avoid it. can avoid… …
Sparks flew from his brain like a revelation, and the man threw himself away, blocking his thoughts.
don’t look back
Relying on his senses while still breathing, he threw himself off and rolled on the floor.
‘I run here.’
I saw the Black Sea.
As the man plunged into the water with a splash, the captives exclaimed.
“ah??????
Jealousy for life and despair that he will die at the same time.
“It’s not human, but it’s a human choice.”
Della turned to the people.
“One person escaped, so you guys will have to pay for that crime. Previously… … Anyone else up for the challenge?”
As soon as the words were finished, those who could run with all their might raised their hands.
Della chuckled.
“Okay, give me a chance. from you there Take a step back to the sea. I will kill one person for every step I take.”
The man who was called stood up immediately, but his face hardened after hearing the words behind him.
“That, like that… …
“How is it? You were going to throw everything away and run away anyway, right? If you’re going to do it, do it proudly. start.”
Numerous gazes pressed the man.
“If you don’t like it, make someone else do it?”
Before he had time to make a decision, his foot moved backwards by itself and took a step.
“For now, one person.”
Della waved her hand and blew the old man’s head off.
“Wow!”
The woman screamed, but she was also hit and pierced through Della’s blow.
“He who cries also dies. Go ahead.”
“Huh”
When the man cried, Della even designated a person to show him.
was a child
“Okay, this time I’m going to kill him. What are you doing, run away? Or will you come back? Is it better to wait for someone else to kill you?”
“Save me, please save me. please… … As the man ej*culated, Della’s expression became ecstatic.
“walk. Or should I trade you with this kid? This kid will run away whether you die or not.”
Bloodstains rose in the eyes of those who bowed their heads.
‘Evil! devil!’
And among them was Ethella, who was once filled with the will of goodness.
There was still a spark of goodness left, but it was just a weak emotion like a burnt-out charcoal.
‘What can I change?’ During her hiding she was the one who descended to the edge of the abyss where humans could fall.
‘Everyone will die anyway.’
the devil is coming
Here comes the worst human ever, roaming the planet only after her scent.
Della shouted.
“good! Then let’s give this kid a chance!”
“Keugh!”
Della’s hand went up as the man with his eyes tightly closed took a step back.
“Ho-ho-ho! I knew it!”
Just as I was about to split the child’s head with the water tap, I heard a scream from the other side of the pier.
“Kuaaa!”
It was the demon’s scream.
“what?”
Turning her head, Della’s eyes widened, and she saw countless men falling in her field of vision.
Hundreds of fountains of blood gushed from the backlit shadows.
“Sniff sniff. Sniff sniff.”
The sound of sniffing like a dog.
Then there was the sound of iron striking and the sound of something heavy dragging the floor.
“… … Here.”
I saw the silhouette of a man pulling a bundle as large as a wagon with one hand.
It was Chagall of the rapid-fire sword.
When the red was broken by an uninvited guest, Della gave instructions with a frown.
“What are you doing? Go and kill him.”
At the same time as the demons rushed in, Chagall’s arms disappeared with the bee’s flapping sound.
“Kuaaa!”
A structure unique to a rapid-fire sword, dozens of blade shells rushed in and embedded themselves in the bodies of the demons.
The muddy blood of the demons burst like a fountain through the hole in the blade that had completely penetrated.
“ah??????
With the appearance of a master who could not be found in the Pesia kingdom, hope dwelled in the eyes of the people.
“Sal, please save me!”
As soon as a woman ran, all the people who gained courage got up and ran to Chagall.
“Save me! Those bad demons… … Kuck!”
A rapid-fire sword was lodged in the man’s neck, and the slaughter began before he could even scream.
Della watched with a blank expression.
“… … What is that?”
It wasn’t human, it wasn’t human.

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 986 - Other space(1).txt
===============================
other space(1)
When dozens of people were killed by Chagall’s attack, those who remained hurriedly stopped walking.
Behind them were demons, and in front of them were demons who stabbed them to death.
“Why why?”
As Chagall approached, those who had risked their lives to escape slowly retreated.
“Why are you killing us? You are human too… … !”
Before she could finish her words, the rapid-fire sword mercilessly stabbed the woman in the abdomen.
“Aaaaaaa!” At that moment, people clearly knew where to go.
“Run away!”
The fact that the man in front was far less human than the demons behind him.
“Big!”
Baring his teeth, Chagall swung his arms wide and threw the huge bundle into the sky.
His skin was torn, and hundreds of quick-firing swords spun and rained down like rain.
Kicking off the ground and charging, Chagall caught the falling dagger and began killing indiscriminately.
The port quickly turned into a sea of blood with the blood spewed out by those stabbed by the dagger.
“Knock-knock! What a fun person you are!”
It was said that demons came from humans, but it was pure evil that even Della had never experienced.
Steel claws protruded from her fingers as she bent her lower body against the charging Chagall.
The corners of her mouth were grotesquely torn, and her beautiful face quickly turned into that of a vicious beast.
Amidst the frightened, motionless people, Ethella bit her lip.
‘Not yet, not yet.’
Chagall had reached the pinnacle of slaughter, which cannot even be called a skill.
He didn’t even know if it was a set procedure since Ra Enemie mocked his fate.
‘It’s not madness. obviously some ability. Now, there is no chance of winning in a head-to-head confrontation.’
He fought seven times while escaping, and each time Chagall’s power grew stronger.
‘One chance.’
Even if it meant sacrificing everyone here, he had to seize the opportunity.
“It’s quite good!”
Even while Della and Chagall were circling the same place, demons and people were dying.
“How about this?”
As Della accelerated, the body disappeared and a stormy wind rose.
Chagall couldn’t even move at the speed at which the moment was lengthening like an eternity.
‘Huh, human anyway… …
While orbiting around the target, she turned sharply and aimed at Chagall’s side.
‘I’ll play with it to my heart’s content.’
Pulling out her sharp claws to the limit, she aimed at Chagall’s shoulder and swung it.
‘ uh?’
Chagall’s pupils moved sideways.
‘I saw me.’
When she stopped her attack in a hurry and tried to lean her upper body back, she heard a vibrating sound.
‘Huh?’
When Chagall’s arms moved, the seesaw of time reversed and Della’s motion stopped.
Dozens of rapid-fire swords, still falling like rain, moved simultaneously and pierced Della.
hooked
Starting with the first blow on the collarbone, the blade of the rapid-fire sword dug in every centimeter.
Della’s face had been stabbed more than seventy times by the time it turned into a perfect demonic form.
“Kyaaaaaa!”
Staggering back, her eyes opened wide, and blood gushed out from all over her body.
“Huh uh uh uh!”
Chagall charged again.
He knew from experience that powerful demons would not disappear to this extent.
“100 million! 100 million! 100 million! 100 million! 100 million!”
stabbed, stabbed, stabbed again.
Della, who was being attacked with half-open eyes, suddenly witnessed a strange sight.
‘what?’
Around Chagall’s body, things that were not real colors shimmered grotesquely.
And the next moment, he began to stab the rapid-fire sword at an unexpected place, not at Della.
‘I don’t have anything?’
But surprisingly, the blade of the rapid-fire sword was disappearing as if something had really been stabbed.
‘The other world?’
It is killing the existence of another dimension.
“Knock-knock! Knock-knock!”
The reason why I feel good even in the midst of extinction is that Chagall’s situation is not that different.
Della hugged Chagall.
“Poke it as much as you like. don’t wait in hell At that time, I will repay you hundreds of millions of times what I am now.”
Chagall turned her away without even listening.
And he continued to stab her abdomen, where there was nowhere else to stab, and moved forward.
The feeling of a hand tearing through the flesh.
Like an obsessive-compulsive patient, the only thing that moved Chagall was the sense of impact in that brief moment.
Consciousness goes away.
‘Tia.’
As his consciousness grew farther away, the numerous anguish that plagued him in reality dispersed like smoke.
“Tia!”
The last quick-fire sword I had been saving for one hit was thrust deep into Della’s forehead.
An eyeball pops out of her eye socket with a crackling sound… … .
‘Now!’
Ethella’s regime aimed at Chagall’s side.
When Chagall turned his head, his pupils were so cloudy and dark that he could not be thought of as a human being.
‘Master’s enemy.’
And now he’s after Ethella
He was also the enemy of the 6,000 people he killed on the way.
Chagall, who had used up all his rapid-fire swords, swung his fist, but Ethella was prepared.
Taking the blow to her shoulder, she twisted and thrust her fist into her ribs.
“Big!”
Chagall’s face contorted, and Ethella quickly withdrew her fist and attacked again.
‘one more time.’
If it could create an interfering wave of waves, even the masters of the schema would have their guts ripped out.
“Kuaaaaa!”
As Chagall screamed and straightened his upper body, a strange light appeared in Ethella’s eyes.
‘How can this… …
Chagall was already holding the rapid-fire sword.
“Black!”
They avoided the attack with a narrow gap, but dozens of daggers began to appear in the air.
‘Material Embodiment?’
It’s not like that.
The anxious energy that I felt every time I collided with Chagall was finally materialized.
“Aaaaaaa!”
The sight of the blades rushing in so densely that there was no time to avoid them gave me goosebumps in itself.
He backed away with all his might, but in the end, Ethella was hit in the thigh.
“Huh!”
As soon as he looked down at the blade stamped into his thigh, red blood fountains gushed high.
Grabbing the skin of the rapid-fire sword with her hand and pulling it out, she tightened her muscles and stopped the bleeding.
“Tia.”
Whenever Chagall took a step, his teeth shuddered and countless rapid-fire swords fell.
Even Ethel did not know why.
Just guessing, Chagall seemed to perfectly believe that the rapid-fire sword actually existed.
‘Can you do that? No matter how much you believe… …
Ethella realized.
“ah.”
limits of awareness.
Chagall was a person who had already experienced the overlapping of virtuality and reality once through La Enemie.
Just as people believe that what they see with their eyes exists, the rapid-fire sword was the same for Chagall.
‘It’s a big deal. I can’t stop it now.’
After seven battles, Ethella’s strategy was to wait for the rapid-fire sword to be consumed.
But now the number of weapons was infinite.
“why?”
Ethella shouted.
“What do you want? If you want to kill, you can kill. Why are you torturing me?”
Although he fought fiercely, he never saw that Chagall had no chance.
“Because I hate you.”
When he realizes that his life and everything that happened in it was just a dream.
“You are not Tia.”
What is left of man?
“I will torment you. Until you howl in despair, no, I’ll haunt you though! continue! continue! forever!”
everything was a lie
When Chagall woke up, the only thing Chagall could be angry with was Ethella, who was Tia.
“I sympathize with your life. But it has already reached the point where it can’t be forgiven. I killed too many people.”
“not there yet.”
Chagall laughed bitterly.
“I will kill them all. When I kill, kill, and kill again, until I am the only one left in this world.”
when that time comes
“You can tell. what is real and what is false. what my life was like.”
The fact that it wasn’t a lie made it even more frightening.
“go. go anywhere I will follow you. I will kill everything connected to you. You will experience the same pain as me.”
Ethella contemplated suicide.
If he took his own life here, would Chagall stop meaningless killing?
‘it is not so.’
Ending Chagall’s life with his own hands was the only way for Master, the victims, and mankind.
While the two glared at each other, the few people who couldn’t escape managed to get up.
With just that brief slight movement, Chagall’s hand moved, and the rapid-fire sword penetrated the back of everyone’s head.
“Quack. Kkkkkkkkk.”
The scenery distorted again around Chagall, who was staggering and shaking his shoulders.
Landscapes and colors that are not of this world, and the feeble screams of the dead leaking out.
Ethella’s eyes sparkled.
‘I see.’
At the boundary between delusion and reality, Chagall was already neither dead nor alive.
Ethella, who had been glaring at Chagall fiercely, turned around and quickly left the port.
‘This is the last one.’
It was not about running away, but about risking everything to negotiate with Chagall.
‘Don’t worry, Master.’
Realizing her mission, Ethella’s eyes burned with strong will of goodness unlike before.
The chase, which lasted all night, ended in the morning.
At the top of the Ardos Mountains, Ethella knelt down and meditated.
The refreshing song of the birds suddenly disappeared, and I felt a great evil energy.
When I slowly opened my eyes, Chagall was coming up with a haze that was bigger than the night.
“You are misunderstanding something.”
The translucent devil’s face intermittently overlapped Chagall’s face as he spoke.
“Isn’t that the way it was written before? If you hide where no one is, you will die.”
“I went to many places avoiding you.”
Things that had fallen endlessly to fight evil flashed like a kaleidoscope.
“Beast cages, brothels, sewers… … . The light of the soul has gone out, and the body has become dirty. The Ethella you were after at first is no longer there.”
Chagall’s brow wrinkled.
“What are you talking about?”
“I hated myself for losing my will for good because I was mad for revenge, but now I realize it.”
Ethella smiled.
“The true meaning of Master’s words. sacrifice. Courage to embrace evil.”
“Kill them.”
Ethella was no longer afraid.
“You don’t have to follow me anymore. because… …
He smiled softly at Chagall, who was striding forward, and spread his arms.
“I will forgive you.”
“Aaaaaaa!”
Chagall defeated Ethella.
“shut up! Stop talking nonsense! die!”
Despite the random fists, Ethella did not even move.
‘It’s a sacrifice, Master.’ As she waited for the end of her life, she saw Chagall, half turned into a demon, before her eyes.
“why! what are you What are you like!” Tia.
Half-conscious, he bit Ethella by the scruff of the neck and made a beastly noise.
“Kreureung! Kreureung!”
Ethella embraced Chagall’s back, which moved with animalistic desire, with her arms.
‘Don’t miss it.’
By doing good, evil became the greatest.
Like that, good and evil amplify each other, creating extreme emotions that humans can’t reach… … .
“Aaaaaaa!”
Eventually, the scenery changed terribly, and he began to fall into hell in a state of flesh and blood.
Last minute in reality.
Ethella looked up at the sky over Chagall’s shoulder and parted her dry lips.
‘iced coffee?… ”
I saw a sky full of clouds of fire.
‘The world behind it.’
It was a soul purifying system in which emotions that could not be dealt with in real life were stored.

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 987 - Other space(2).txt
===============================
other space(2)
* * ?
Crete, the capital of Tormia.
The screams that had been heard all over the capital the night before were quieted down around dawn.
From the tallest watchtower, Miro captured the pale scenery of dawn.
‘He must have found his own way.’
Because a lazy person cannot exist in the face of pain.
“ha.”
Miro was like that too.
There was nothing precious to her who sealed her heart to protect the good.
The only way is to accept the pain.
‘It’s painful.’
It was as if knives were mixed in his veins.
I was afraid to even breathe because every breath of air seemed to tear my organs.
‘I wish time would stop.’
Who can dream of a hopeful future in a life where every moment is painful?
‘I have to endure it.’
At least Gaold did, so she clenched her fists and took a deep breath.
“Keugh!”
Just as the signal of pain pierced his brain, Gaold’s voice was heard from the door of the watchtower.
“Initially… …
Standing side by side with Maze, he looked down at the city and opened his mouth.
“I am angry. When you’re too angry, listen to fight the pain. Picking up the wounds, prodding them. But how long can that be? In the end, you are the one who hurts.”
Before I got emotionally ill, I thought it was all about putting up with the pain.
‘Pain is not like that.’
Any terrible pain can be endured if there is hope that one day it will go away.
‘True pain is… …
The fact that it never ends.
‘Can I hold on, can I? Will I be able to fight to the end without succumbing to pain?’
like Gaold.
‘Stupid child. how… … How can I live like this?’
I thought I understood all human emotions on the journey to the extreme.
How arrogant.
‘Human beings shouldn’t talk carelessly about things they haven’t experienced.’
I thought I knew Gaold’s pain.
It will be hard enough to die. It will hurt thousands, tens of thousands of times more than if my hand was cut.
that would be really terrible
‘… … say.’
should have been silent
At least I shouldn’t have made any judgments about his pain.
Gaold asked.
“Are you really going?”
There is no way to survive in the spirit of Ymir, where 10 billion Gaians are united.
“If you’re thinking of paying with your life to go sightseeing, I won’t stop you… …
“no.”
Miro shook her head.
“I don’t care how the mind came about. It’s just there what you need to get rid of evil.”
“What are you going to do? You really don’t think you can make it, do you?”
“Why are you asking me that?”
Miro smiled at Gaold.
“You have to find a way.” “Find it. Whether it’s chasing me and protecting me, fighting enemies, or beating up Ymir, it’s up to you. Somehow get the Ultima System in my hands.”
“I don’t like it… … i won’t tell But what if you can’t? There are things that are impossible.”
“okay?”
Miro grabbed Gaold’s collar with both hands.
“Then I die. Do you see what I mean? It’s saying I can’t be happy. Do you want to die in pain?”
While receiving Miro’s evil gaze, Do Gaold’s expression did not change.
“ha.”
Miro sighed and placed her forehead on Gaold’s chest.
“Do you know what annoys you the most?”
“What?”
“That you are stronger than me. You, the human being, would be annoyed and annoying to death, but since there is still value to use, you can’t get rid of it. That makes me so angry.”
“… … I’ll try my best.”
Miro raised her head.
“Let’s go in together, in the spirit of Ymir. I’ll come up with the means, so take care of your emotional illness.”
Gaold thought simply.
It would be enough to raise the sense of pain much more than it is now, that is, to an unimaginable level.
“I’m going to talk to Shirone.”
As Gaold tried to leave the watchtower, Miro, who was watching his back, opened his mouth.
“I will ask you one thing.”
Gaold stopped at the door.
“Why do you like me?”
As he tilted his head, as if he hadn’t expected it, Miro asked as if to scowl.
“Am I that pretty? Are you in good shape? Or are you just coming? He always makes it hard for you.”
“You?”
With an absurd smile on his face as if he was going to listen to everything, he said as he pulled the doorknob.
“Why do you hate me?”
After Gaold went down the stairs, Miro thought for a while.
Neither could she say anything.
Three streets, 32 kilometers from Baska.
The two-headed carriage stopped, and Meniruki and Nade unloaded the large suitcases.
“Is this right?”
Eruki checked the sign.
“That’s right, the fork in the journey. Did we arrive sooner?”
Just as they were about to check the time, the smoke from the Miracle Stream condensed in front of the two of them.
“Shirone!”
Shirone, who appeared in front of them by quantum transmission, smiled and raised her hand.
“Did you wait long?”
said Nade.
“no. We’re just here too. But what about the wagon? Shall we leave it here?”
It was the time to prepare for the next two days and start the mission in earnest.
Eruki and Nade planned to spread the Ultima System on a pilgrimage around the world following Shirone.
“Because we’ll be going around remote areas, that would be good. And I’m sorry. Dorothy and Mr. Liz, actually you can go together.”
Eruki shook his head.
“There is not enough manpower in the capital. At times like this, you should also draw on connections you don’t have. She said Dorothy was bringing an excavation team.”
said Nade.
“Liz will also join Pony. I handed over everything about the elemental bomb manufacturing plant.”
Friends of friends and friends of friends, where the hell is the enemy?
Nade asked, weighing the backpack on his shoulders.
“Then where shall we go?”
Although Shirone learned all the geography of the world through Omega, the aftermath of the war was unknown.
“How about this?”
Eruki unfolded the world map in his head that he had been saving since Valkyrie General Command.
“To explain my map, every place where the army of hell passed is lit up. The dark part is sparse like an island. I think we can use that place as a point to move.”
“aha. Then where is the nearest one?”
“O”
As I zoomed in on the world map with my thoughts, thousands of place names within a radius came to mind.
“The Borshua region.”
Shirone nodded.
“It’s the Akros Kingdom.”
As a country that came down long along the coastline, it had a border with Tormia to the north.
“Although it was almost destroyed in the war, it seems that the area near the seaside has not suffered much damage. Let’s go there first.”
Nade asked.
“But what about emotional illness? I’m buying time with Shirone’s ability now, but I won’t be able to handle it later.”
“I guess there is no back. It will be solved if Shirone and Li An purify the back world. If it’s impossible… … Eruki shrugged his shoulders.
“Isn’t it the same anyway? The end of the world.”
“Of course it is. What I’m worried about is that we’ll be incurable before the Underworld is cleansed.”
The threshold of pain rises endlessly, and in order to calm it down, the power of Hexa must continue to grow stronger.
Shirone said.
“It’s a bad thing to have your ability to act at a critical moment. but this is for the best According to Seriel… …
Shirone gave them information he had just received from the World Health Organization.
“It seems that emotional diseases can be transmitted through the human body. Emotional disease outbreaks were also found in areas other than the direction of the wind. It was confirmed by the World Climate Organization.”
Eruki’s expression became serious.
“Hmm, then the propagation speed must be faster than expected. There will be those who give up their hometown to soothe their pain. You’re giving up the biggest material piece of real estate, your house.”
“huh. Pony took emergency containment measures, but since even the soldiers are infected, it’s impossible to prevent them from escaping. That’s why you made the decision. Those who carry out the core mission are trying to increase the incubation period with Hexa’s ability.”
Since they were a community with the same destiny, Eruki and Nade also accepted their opinions meekly.
“I understand. Then let’s go.”
The world is heading toward ruin day by day, but the hearts of the three are a little excited.
said Nade.
“Come to think of it, this is my first trip after graduation. We promised before, let’s be together even when we go out into society. A dream has finally come true.”
“It’s because it’s free. Was unemployed a dream?”
Nade pointed at Eruki’s words.
did.
“Then he is also dog hair! Just get better. I will make a lot of money.”
“haha!”
Listening to the two bickering, Shirone let out a relieved laugh for the first time in a long time.
‘Yes, I’ll start from here.’ I hope everyone can laugh
“Shirone.”
Miro came to the room.
“What are you doing?” It could be said that the atmosphere in the royal castle was heavy because Lian had to leave for the Underworld soon.
“interview. Did you hear from Gaold?”
“yes. I decided to go with Drimo. I’ll be leaving as soon as Lian’s work is done.”
“huh. Before that, there is something I want to say. I can deliver it anytime, but when I enter Mir’s mind, I only want to focus on the mission.”
It seemed that he was giving homework.
“Yes, please.”
“I mean Havitz.”
Power entered Miro’s eyes.
“I got a lot of information while attempting to assassinate Havitz this time. I’m sure he’s the most dangerous. If the circumstances are right, he could even kill his Buddha.”
Shirone was just listening.
“Quan, who attacked Habits while listening to God’s frequency, expressed the situation at the time like this. that it was embarrassing He said he felt like a delusional child.”
“okay.”
Quan’s feelings were fully understood.
“But Havits definitely exists. There must have been moments when Mei Ray and Lian felt something. Therefore, it is not delusion, but we who dismiss it as delusion are the problem.”
“Limits of Perception.”
“okay. The quantum barrier you mentioned. If the human mind defines everything, vanishing is the exact opposite. Havitz is in the realm where nothing should be defined.”
“for example… … Is it purity?” Miro clicked with her fingers.
“That’s right. pure existence. In other words, if you are a child who has just opened your eyes and accepts the world without any preconceived notions, can you see Habits?”
“Hmm.”
Shirone rested her chin.
“Perhaps, no, you can definitely see it. because… …
both said at the same time.
“Even if you see it, you don’t see it.” Miro nodded her head.
“He can see Harvits. It’s because I don’t even know what the form of Havitz is. Without any preconceived notions, it just sucks in all the signals it gets into the optic nerve.”
“… … It is not invincible.”
Said Shirone, who was lost in thought.
“But isn’t it the same? How do you get help from a toddler who doesn’t even know what a Havitz is?”
“There is one.”
Shirone’s eyes widened.
“A child who is not perfect, but still close. No, that kid could kill Habits.”
“that is… … Who are you?”
Miro raised his index finger and said.
“Wenna Wizard.”
Along with Nane, Jin Seong-eum, and Shirone, it was a name that was listed as the 6th place in the list of candidates for the Ivory Tower.

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 988 - Other space(3).txt
===============================
other space(3)
Kashan Empire.
Averion, a cultural city, was a special tourist zone where you could see the world’s customs in one place.
As an empire with a strong sense of pride in its culture, it was one of the cities that did not suffer significant damage in the aftermath of the war.
Humans’ ability to survive was truly tenacious, and when the demons’ momentum subsided, the market revived.
It looked like the only paradise in a ruined world.
“Hmm.”
And in the midst of that crowd, Havits drew his sword while activating his vanishing ability.
“buy! Cheap! The royal cactus essence, which can only be found in Aberion, is only money… … Kuck!”
Havitz, who had decapitated the merchant, accepted the glass bottle he was holding and introducing.
Blood fountains erupted, but no one in the market felt uncomfortable.
“I sell pretty necklaces. It is a handicraft weaved with desert crystals. A gift to her wife… …
Havitz held out his arm while tasting the cactus sap, and the tip of the sword pierced the old woman’s neck.
In that state, he looked into the glass bottle and tasted it, then drew his sword and turned around.
Then, he put the glass bottle on the head of a passer-by and stuck it.
There was a knock and the bottle broke.
The passer-by who sat on the floor did not understand the situation he was in, even though he was possessed by blood.
Havits thrust the sword through his abdomen, and finally slaughtered passers-by at will.
In the market that turned into a sea of blood, people were still laughing and chatting.
Harvitz’s eyes were locked in the abyss.
“It’s a bad place.”
When the Pandemonium was opened, Habitz experienced great pleasure through the god’s frequency.
In particular, when emotional illness broke out, I lay down on the wasteland for almost half a day and shuddered.
However, the voices collected from Averion were far from what he liked.
As he waved his sword and regurgitated the crowd, he stopped in front of a shop selling cloth.
A young woman with a child on her back was bending over, choosing fabric.
Harvits looked at the child.
“Ah, ah.”
The child, who must have just turned 10, stretched out his hand to Havitz and smiled.
Havitz held out the bloody sword to the child and slowly moved it left and right.
“iced coffee. ah.”
The child wiggled his hand to grab the sword.
A middle-aged woman, the owner of a cloth shop, said while looking at the lively child.
“A son? I am curious.”
“Oh, is it? It’s rare. He is calm at home.”
“It’s a good thing that you come out too. Perhaps Kashan’s guardian deity is giving it a blessing.”
The baby’s mother laughed.
“Are you the guardian of Kashan?”
“This is what my grandmother told me when I was little. They say babies can see God. It’s a different thing from the eyes of an adult who is tired of septa. So, in her grandmother’s days, when a baby beckoned into the air, a prayer was raised. Please, please let my baby grow up healthy.”
“yes??????
It may be an old folk tale, but when I became a mother, I became interested in those things.
The shop owner hinted at it.
“Why don’t you try it? You have to get down to make money.”
“Oh, is that so?”
It was embarrassing to try it, but she still closed her eyes for the sake of the baby.
“God.”
Harvitz cleared his ears and yawned.
“Please don’t let my son get sick. And let him be a great man.”
Havitz raised her face to the baby and made a funny face, letting out an innocent laugh.
“cadet! Aww!”
Mom was startled.
“Oh, I laughed. Did you just hear?”
I got goosebumps from being honest, but I knew it was just a coincidence anyway.
“Look at it. It’s God’s answer. bless the baby
would have given it to you.”
In any case, I was in a good mood, so my mother handed over the two pieces of cloth I was weighing.
“Give me this.”
Since it was a fairly expensive cloth, the profitable shop owner was excited to put the item in it.
“My mom likes it, so I feel good too. I put another handkerchief in her, so she’ll have a baby bib.”
“thank you.”
Havits held the baby’s bracken hand and moved it up and down while the mother picked up the item.
“huh. handshake. handshake.”
“cadet. cadet.”
The baby, who had been salivating and laughing, clung to the coop again when the mother turned around.
“bye.”
After waving to the departing baby, he dug into the crowd again.
“Yesterday there was a bad sandstorm. the window… …
As he swung his sword at a passer-by, his throat was severed with a single blow, and a fountain of blood gushed out.
“The blade is dull.”
Hundreds of corpses were soaked in blood behind him as he headed towards the forge.
Wena Wizard.
He was once ranked 6th in the list of candidates for the Ivory Tower, and his track record has been obscure since then.
“I think I’ve heard the name. How old are you now?”
Miro said.
“Seven years old. I only heard about Wizards when Hugo joined Shion. He’s dead now… …
“yes. It is a pity.”
Sky Hugo was also a wizard with a full future to the extent that he was ranked ninth among the candidates for the Ivory Tower.
‘He was a strong person.’
Although he was overpowered by Shirone, Dumpra’s incarnation skills were amazing.
‘Does that mean that the ivory tower rated the four-year-old Wizard higher than Hugo?’
Shirone gradually became curious.
“What kind of child are you?”
“Mother Awakener. I heard that the spirit zone was already opened when the fetus was 3 months old.”
“Right after the brain is formed.”
“yes. With an immature brain, he reached a level of concentration impossible even for adults. Can you imagine what happens when a fetus perceives the world through synesthesia in the womb?”
Shirone couldn’t answer.
In human history, there are quite a few people who have been awakened from birth, but this was the first time they entered the Spirit Zone.
“Where are you now?”
“I don’t know. When the World War broke out and the supply and demand of manpower became important, I got a list of candidates for the Ivory Tower… …
This was the last list since no new additions have been made since Shirone entered the Ivory Tower.
“As a result of the tracking, all died. But if you’re on the list of candidates for the Sang A Tower, it’s no small matter. Of course, some people are really dead, but at least the Wizard will be alive.”
“How can you be sure?”
“Because I can’t die. It’s actually a bit contradictory, but there’s no such thing as “absolute” in combat, right? However, considering the characteristics of wizards I have researched… …
“You mean never?”
Miro nodded awkwardly.
“Human beings are born, learn the world, and have the ability to conquer that world. But not Wizards. From the time he was an embryo, he belonged to the world. To be honest, I wonder more how the child could die.”
She pointed at Shirone.
“For example, if you attack me, I will consider all the variables in a split second and make the best choice. No matter what happens, it is said through thought and calculation. But the wizard… …
“You mean you just know?”
“I think maybe. According to what I have heard.”
“Hmm.”
Shirone was lost in thought.
“All wizards use batteries. The pinnacle is Shirone, it must be you. Wizards are fundamentally different. If I had to put it into words… … Shall we call it pre-knowledge?”
“Sunji.”
“okay. I don’t calculate, I don’t think, I just react. like nature. And because of that… …
Shirone said.
“pure.”
Harvits can be recognized.
“huh. still seven years old As you get older, your perception may be limited and your wisdom may deteriorate. So we have to do it now.”
“But isn’t that too harsh? If you’re truly pure, dealing with Harvits… …
“It is unavoidable. Because neither you nor I, even me, can kill Havitz.”
“Because it is impossible to collide.”
“okay. Havitz’s death event itself doesn’t happen. The moment we make any calculations, the law spits everything out of the conflict boundary. No matter how hard I tried to get close, I couldn’t make it. But wizards can.”
“Because it doesn’t count.” Miro nodded.
“Havitz’s chaos is like an amoeba proliferating with desire. It’s so violent, you can’t predict where it’s going to stretch its tentacles. But strangely, very strangely.”
According to her insight.
“Purity. So when you don’t define Havitz, it seems to be quiet like a lie. As if chaos had fallen asleep.”
A thought ran through my brain.
“Idea and Chaos. Number 2 of the law Yes. If chaos is not defined, chaos itself cannot exist.”
“We need to find the wizard.”
Miro’s voice gained strength.
“Havitz can hear the vibrations of the heart. Now is the point where even perjury is impossible. There is no other way than the Awakened Mother.”
Shirone also understood.
“I’ll go with Amy. With Mr. Lampa’s help, I think we’ll be able to find her.”
Tess was almost crying.
“oh my god… …
How can he be sane when he is anointing Lian, who is alive and well, with black oil?
‘It must be painful.’
He wouldn’t be able to stand it even if he asked himself to hold his hand over a campfire for three seconds.
“This is not it.” In an instant, my mind went round and round, and I reached a state where normal thinking was impossible.
“Shirone, wait a minute. Even though… …
Then something heavy was placed on his shoulder and Tess looked back.
“ah??????
It was Lian’s grandfather, Klumph.
Shirone, who turned her head at Tess’ voice, found him and moved on.
“hello.”
“OK.”
Klump stared at Lian, who was sitting cross-legged, from a distance of 20 meters.
“Are the preparations going well?”
“yes. sorry.”
I had already told this to Lian’s family in Creas, but it must have been on a different level than seeing it with my own eyes.
said Tess.
“Grandpa, do we really have to go this far? How to set fire to a living person. If you can’t stand this… …
The moment Lian’s idea disappeared, his body would also turn to ashes.
“Of course not, my precious grandson.” Tess’ eyes widened, and Clump continued with a benevolent smile.
“No one can set fire to my grandson. As long as I don’t do what that fool does with my own hands.”
“Grandpa.”
“Let’s go. Open her chest proudly. Shouldn’t you at least respond to Lian’s courage?”
Holding onto Klumph’s arm, Tess moved towards Lian with heavy steps.
The smell of oil stung my nose.
“How does it feel to be dragged into hell?”
Lian, who was lost in meditation, opened one eye.
“I don’t know if I can. Because it’s a gem disease in this way. It may take a long time.”
Tess shouted.
“That’s not it! how you feel can you hold out If it doesn’t work, take a break and do it.”
The word to give up didn’t come out, so I spat it out, but it seemed to have become more cruel.
“It will be difficult.”
Klumph finally took on a serious expression.
“You won’t want to endure it. But maybe that’s the key to hell. If you wish, I will avoid your seat.”
Who would want to show their family how they were screaming in pain?
Instead of answering, Lian looked at the wall in the distance.
A black-haired swordsman was standing.
‘lie.’
Even after the battle in Baska, his brother never visited Lian.
“Let’s start, Shirone.”
As Shirone approached, Clump and Tess stepped back, keeping their eyes on Lian.
Tess was nervous.
‘Shall we go back to the castle? should i stay here? No, because of me, Lian is more
If you are suffering… …
“Tess.”
When Tess looked pale, Lian smiled with one eye closed.
“Look smart. how well I do it.”
While Tess, who had managed to suppress her burst of tears, clenched her teeth and nodded, Shirone raised her hand.
“See you in Hell, Lian.”
A small flame burned on the palm of my hand.

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 989 - Other space(4).txt
===============================
other space(4)
Hwangseong Yeomra.
Accompanied by Gaitan the Earth Dragon and Assrike the White Dragon, Shirone knocked on the gate of Enma.
Even before confirming their identity, the gatekeepers put on a dazed expression as if they were bewildered.
‘Oh my god, such a beauty… … White Dragon As Striker.
Not only the soldiers but also the officials opened their mouths in a daze at her appearance, which reached the pinnacle of all living things.
“This is Shirone, the Five Great Stars of the Ivory Tower. Emperor of Jincheon… …
As everyone’s eyes were fixed on As-Skiker, Shirone cleared his throat.
“Hommum, hey, I’m here to see His Majesty the Emperor.”
No answer came back.
As Shirone let out a sigh in a familiar situation, Assryker opened his mouth.
“This is the Five Great Stars of the Ivory Tower. Can I have an audience with His Majesty the Emperor?”
“yes? Ah yes! please wait a moment
Come on!”
Baekryong’s ultimate protection was so strong that even the gatekeeper of Yeomra, who was famous for his naivety, was willing to follow.
Three minutes later, the Royal Guards, accompanied by a small but luxurious carriage, arrived at the gate.
The same situation as three minutes ago had occurred, and even the ladies-in-waiting had lost their souls to her.
‘… … I can’t go to places where there are a lot of people.’
It’s okay to share a few words.
However, the situation becomes serious when the assriker talks to a specific person for more than 5 minutes.
‘You’ll have to risk your life.’
Countless kings, leaders, artists, scholars, and priests throughout history have died from love sickness.
Even more terrifying was the will of a king who took his own life 1,400 years ago.
‘It is said that it is better to know her even if I die now than to live an eternal life without knowing her.’
It was the fear of the white dragon that handles the soul.
Upon arriving at the civil war, Jincheon’s general, Oh Ryong-jang, was performing a sword dance on a high platform.
They were Yucheong, who is called the incarnation of the sword, and Hwang Yi-seong, who is nicknamed the Devil of Paedo.
‘It’s very thin.’
Shirone watched for a moment the dance of the two who wielded swords and axes in a flamboyant way.
It must have been the unique momentum of the Jincheon Empire to not stop fighting despite the visit of Oh Dae-seong.
“Taha!”
As Hwang Yi-sung rushed forward with his ax raised, he felt the force behind him as if a wave was rising.
Yucheong, who put his sword forward, rushed like a flash and broke the waves, and a strong wind blew up.
Gaitan was indifferent with his arms folded, but the expression of Assryker got worse and worse.
‘These… …
Aren’t you intentionally ignoring the Messiah who will save the world?
She turned to the manager and said.
“Are all the generals of the Jincheon Empire so rude? I’m a little disappointed.”
“Oh, sorry!”
He was not just a general, but a general at the pinnacle of the military, but the official responded immediately.
‘Looking forward to me.’
Showing an ugly figure in front of Assryker was something he hated more than dying.
“General!”
He raised his voice uncharacteristically for a civil servant and shouted loudly as he threw his fists.
“Shirone, the Five Great Stars of the Ivory Tower, has arrived! You have to be polite!”
The movements of Yoo Cheong and Hwang Yi-seong stopped abruptly.
‘Am I crazy?’
She already knew about Shirone’s visit.
However, it was the law that even the emperor did not stop the sword of Oryongjang, which symbolizes the power of Jincheon.
“To prevent a samurai from flying… … Hwang Yi-sung, who put his ax on his shoulder, frowned arrogantly, but soon his expression relaxed.
“huh?”
The moment I saw the woman staring at me, I felt like my soul was ascending to heaven.
‘Who is that woman?’
Hwang Yi-seong has an honest personality.
In addition, his wife was Princess Yeon, the most beautiful woman in the kingdom of Moon, but she could not ignore the feeling of Geuk-ho.
‘I’d like to share a word with you.’
The gulp went over, and Yu Cheong, who was next to her, couldn’t take her eyes off her.
“ah??????
Hwang Yi-seong belatedly expressed an example.
“I didn’t notice it because I was fighting a whole-body battle. This is the surname of General Hwang.”
Yu-cheong was not to be outdone, so he swarmed with his sword.
“This is Jincheon’s Oryongjang, Yucheong. Please forgive the rudeness. There is no compromise when it comes to swords… …
Shirone just wanted to get into the civil war.
“No, thanks. I only came because I had something urgent to say to His Majesty the Emperor.”
Assryker added.
“Thank you for your kind hospitality. Please don’t worry about us and keep training.”
“Ah yes. then… …
When the two generals started fighting again, Shirone moved towards civil war.
Perhaps because he was conscious of the As-Skiker, the impact sound of the cold weapon was several times louder than before.
‘watching.’
Assriker, who was passing by the podium, slowly turned his head to watch Bimu.
‘Looking at me.’ Yoo Cheong and Hwang Yi-seong, who had the same thoughts, pulled out all the strength they had.
A roar echoed throughout the enclave.
“Yaaah!”
Yu Qing’s face, which was pushed back by Hwang Yi-seong’s blow, turned red from ear to ear.
‘Keugh!’
You can still feel the gaze of the Astriker.
‘What disgrace is this!’
I was dying of pity at the thought of how little she would see me.
“Hwang Yi-seong! Do you look down on me!” Salcho was developed in the skill competition, and Hwang Yi-seong also used the secret technique of repentance to be outdone.
In a situation where it wouldn’t be strange if anyone died, Shirone stopped walking.
I didn’t look back, but I was able to recall the scene of the dance just by listening to the sound.
“Go, whey!”
As Riker watched the murderous blow toward his comrades with indifferent eyes.
‘I win! The thing she loves about her is… …
Just as the cold weapons were about to break each other’s bodies, a blindingly powerful light exploded.
“Kuk!”
The hearts of everyone around them sank calmly, driven by an unknown force.
“Heo-eok! Huh!”
The two generals who managed to stop their swords gasped for breath with dazed expressions.
‘what? why am i… …
Did you try to kill your colleague?
The two of them suddenly realized it and turned their heads to see Shirone facing the front.
“Ass Rider.”
Her shoulders twitched at the cold voice.
“Yes, Messiah.”
“I must have said that? Never keep an eye on a specific person for a long time.”
The existence of the white dragon itself is a weapon.
Just staring at someone makes your heart boil.
“sorry. To build up her pride without knowing how much the Messiah sacrifices… …
I understand your feelings, but if it continues like this in the future, the unity of mankind will be difficult.
“People almost died. If you think you can do more just because you’re strong, you don’t have to stay by my side.”
Shirone’s face turned pale due to the rain.
“sorry! I will never do that again!”
“let’s go.”
Seeing her sullenly following her, people opened their mouths in a daze.
A similar situation occurred during the civil war, but she did not make eye contact with anyone.
Upon arriving at the palace, Jin Kang opened his mouth.
“Are you here?”
‘The emperor of Jincheon, Jin Kang.’ The steely eyes were still there, but everything else seemed at stake.
Aside from being skinny, I didn’t feel the vitality that is natural for humans.
“I came because I have something to tell you.”
“If it was caused by the Demon Realm, I already received a report. The Empire’s doctors are preparing countermeasures with all their might.”
Jin Kang glanced at the two apostles guarding Shirone’s left and right.
As Riker made eye contact, but Jin Kang could not find any change in emotion.
‘Such a soul.’
she was sad
‘Even though I’m alive, I’m not alive. I can’t squeeze out any more.’
Any parent would feel the same if they thought their child was struggling in eternal pain.
“I will go to the world behind it.”
A light flashed in Jin Kang’s eyes.
“If you purify hell, the underworld will disappear. We are currently preparing in Tormia Kingdom.”
“… … Right.”
The reason he didn’t ask about Seongeum was probably because he was still the emperor of Jincheon.
“I can’t save it. However, if Hell is purified, it will be freed from suffering.”
Jin Kang’s eyes turned red.
“The magician Jin Seong-eum is the one who saved humanity from the swamp of despair. She was able to fight this far because of her. If I meet her in her hell, I will kill her at her charge.” Jin Kang struggled to endure it.
This is because the emperor Jincheon wants is a son of heaven who rules over all people, not a human being bound by family love.
“I will be entering the world soon. Before that, I came to ask permission for the extinction of the voice.”
I knew why he had to ask for permission.
“… … When my daughter disappears, the psychic realm will reopen.”
“yes. Of course, if Hell is purified, there will be no problem. But if you are faced with a situation where you have to choose between the two… …
The purification of hell and the extinction of the sacred sound.
“I will choose to liberate the voice. Even if the psychic realm opens again.”
Now it was the emperor’s turn to answer.
“Then Jincheon will lose. Humanity, of course. Are you asking me to abandon the empire and save her daughter?”
“It’s up to His Majesty’s heart.” A heavy silence passed.
“You chose it even after knowing the ending of the voice. Do you regret sending your daughter that way?”
“regret… … do you?”
Jin Kang turned his head and recalled the feelings at the time, but his mouth did not open any longer.
“If I can’t choose, I will.”
As Shirone was about to lead the apostles out of the palace, a hoarse voice was heard.
“If it were me… …
Jin Kang stood up.
“If it were me, I wouldn’t have done it like my daughter.
hey.”
Then, with a polite fist, he bowed his head deeply toward Shirone.
“Liberate the hero of Jincheon.”
“I will do my best.”
After saying that, as we headed towards the gate, all the servants bowed in unison and shouted.
“Please free the hero of Jincheon!”
I wonder if the burning of a living human being is more beautiful than any other flame…
“Whoa!”
For a moment, I had such a crazy idea.
“Lian!”
If life could be seen, wouldn’t it be burning in that form?
Even if he was breathing while standing, even if he was crawling on the floor, the flame was always pointing upward.
‘It’s on fire. What should I do now?’
Endlessly restoring his body, where pain was everything, Lian walked around aimlessly.
‘It’s much harder than I thought.’
The thought that I’d rather die flooded my mind, growing in size in an instant.
“Great!”
There will be no screaming.
Lian made that promise, and thought he had kept his promise to the end.
Even until Tess sheds tears as she rolls on the floor and screams evil for three hours.
“Lian, Lian!”
Two more hours had passed since then, until Klump bit his lip until it bled.
“Aaaaaaa!”
I thought that Rian never did anything evil.
“Shirone! now that’s the limit I’m going to go crazy! Let me rest for a moment.”
Shirone shook his head coldly.
“If you stop now, you will have to repeat the process from the beginning. This is for the best.”
Tess covered her ears at Lian’s shout.
“please! Please stop!”
“??????haha.”
When I turned my head to Lian’s laughter, he was standing up before I knew it.
“Heh heh! Hehehehe!”
At first I thought it was crazy.
However, his voice, clearly staring somewhere, did not waver.
“I see, Shirone.”
Every time the flames flew, countless scenes that were not real were overlapping.
“uh… …
Inside Tess’ retinas, the ghosts screamed.

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 990 - Karma Chain(1).txt
===============================
Karma Chain(1)
behind the world.
This place, called Hell, is as wide as the real world and has a society as organized as humans.
However, while human society was a product of reason, hell society was a product of emotion, and the system was different.
The most representative is that if the base of reality is water, the base of hell is fire.
A world where the sky is mostly covered with fiery clouds, and hot fire flowers fall instead of cold rain.
The fire that fell to the ground melted like lava and flowed into a huge river of fire.
Cities are formed along the tributaries of the rivers, where, without exception, there is a device called a purification plant.
A lava dam that adjusts the amount of fire, a soul treatment plant that controls the quality of fire, and a 24-hour hellfire simmering fire pit.
And the place in charge of all these purification facilities was the Hwa Resources Management Corporation, which boasts the highest authority in hell.
“Aaaaa!”
A shrieking sound could be heard from the office of the head of the Korea Fire Resources Management Corporation, also known as the Chemical Corporation.
It sounds painful, but between the syllables there was a feeling of pleasure.
The door opened hastily.
“president! What are you doing!”
The president, who had put both legs on the table, hurriedly crouched down and turned around.
“Aww! what!”
Chief Secretary Monoras said calmly.
“No, I came because I heard a sound.”
The president of the chemical company, Lethe, narrowed her eyes and took a cold look at the Monolas.
A pig’s head with reddish-brown skin, the worst and lowest demons with no intelligence.
‘Why is that guy… …
Are you working as the chief secretary of a chemical company?
“Sniff sniff. Sniff sniff.”
Lethe’s face contorted when Monoras sniffed the bell as if searching for something.
“What are you doing?”
“It is nothing. Hmm, ha. Hmm, ha.” I would hate to hear that blinding voice, but what annoyed me the most was the fact that he was the most shameless guy in hell.
“Monoras.”
“Yes, boss.”
Lethe snapped her fingers.
“Come over here for a minute.”
“I have to go to work now. I am busy.”
When her dull body did not budge, she quickly nodded as if she had expected it.
“okay. Okay, so come see me for a second.”
Monoras, who had been blinking his eyes, walked to the desk, giving out a hint of dislike.
“why? Even if you’re going to eat… … Before she could finish her sentence, she jumped over her desk and slapped her fist on the chin of her monolas.
“This bastard is real!”
The pig’s body flew through the wall of the president’s office and landed bluntly on the wall in the hallway.
Lethe, who ran with all her might, kicked his stomach and began to step on it with small steps.
“Didn’t I tell you not to come in? You said it over 300 million times! Are you ignoring me now?”
Every time Lethe struck, it made the same sound as kneading meat.
“Kwuik! Kkuik!”
Lette followed with strides as Monoras rolled down the hallway making a pig-picking sound.
“How many more times do you want to come to your senses? I’m the boss! okay? Answer me! Who is the boss?”
“My, I am the boss!”
“Aagh! it’s annoying!”
When Monoras’ stomach was kicked, the giant’s body hit the ceiling and fell vertically.
“ha! ha!”
Lethe caught her breath as she glared at the pig’s weeping face as she clutched her stomach.
“I am the boss! I! So for you, not me, but you… … !”
“president.”
A voice came from the end of the hallway.
A refreshing voice that does not match hell.
But this was their job.
informator.
A woman with goat-like horns on her head approached her like a cat, clutching a file folder to her chest.
“You’re still good friends.” Lethe, who was breathing heavily, looked at her monolas with her unfocused eyes and lifted her head.
“what’s the matter?”
“Ah yes. Two live births came in. Baramaon District 7, in the Tomb of the Spine. It is a different type from Jin Seong-eum’s sacrifice.”
Lette sighed as she recalled how the purification system was messed up due to the sealing of the psychic realm.
“What type is it?”
“Taegeukyo.”
“What!”
Lethe’s eyes widened.
“It’s a super-large emotional body! No no! Right now, purification facilities across the country are almost paralyzed. It cannot be purified.” The informator shrugged.
“Even if you say so… …
From the perspective of the Korea Fire & Marine Resources Management Corporation, it was a problem that had to be solved by putting all duties aside.
“damn! What a madman!”
Taegeuk refers to a phenomenon in which two concepts that refer to each other are merged into one.
Usually, it is only a temporary, one-off phenomenon, but once it came over to hell itself, it was a problem.
“I wouldn’t be able to cross the threshold of hell with some taboo. What the hell, how did you get here?”
“Well, the type of karma chain is the color realm. I reached First One with the amplification of good and evil.”
“Ugh.”
Lethe made a tired expression.
“It’s a complete mess, these things. Aside from what evil decrees, what does good accept?”
“I think it was a way to prevent evil.”
“Hmm.”
As Lethe rested her chin on her chin and thought, she heard strong snoring on the floor.
Monoras, who had fallen asleep before he knew it, was talking in his sleep.
“Hehehe, boss, it tickles me.”
The blood drained from Lethe’s face, and a few strands of hair stood up like static electricity.
“cadet! really!”
As soon as he kicked it without stopping, Monoras’ face crashed into the wall.
“Mmmm, mmmmm.”
Lethe turned away with tears in her eyes.
“That’s the chief secretary! I can’t cut it, and I can’t quit. Is there an alternative god?”
Just as Taeseong manages the resources of the real world, Lete manages the resources of the other side.
The difference was the extreme work stress from a company with no breaks or retirements.
District 7 of Baramaon.
The skeletons were piled up with their vertebrae pulled out, giving it the name ‘grave of the backbone’.
There, all deformed children roamed the tombs and sucked out the marrow.
As a race called Limbo, their fighting power was weak, but their cruelty was unrivaled.
There was no life to be found in his bony legs bent and marrow-sucking eyes.
“Aaaaaaa!”
At the roar that exploded in the air, Limbo threw bones and quickly scattered in all directions.
The space shuddered, and a man and a woman hugging each other fell onto the tomb.
“Keugh!”
Chagall’s expression crumpled as Ethella groaned, stabbed by a sharp bone.
“Whoa. Whoa.”
When I came to my senses and looked around, I found that I had fallen into a place completely different from reality.
“Where are you?”
“maybe… … It must be hell.”
When I turned my head again, Ethella, who was still lying down, spoke calmly.
“Because this is the only place you will go.”
“Kick!”
Chagall shook his shoulders and laughed.
“Ha ha ha! Was this after all? Did you forgive me or what to bring me to hell?”
“Are you disappointed?”
Laughter broke out and stopped.
“no.”
Rapid-fire swords rained down like hailstones, and Chagall grabbed one of them.
“You must be disappointed. Falling into hell because of someone like me. But what should I do? From now on, what you will experience is me, not hell.”
Chagall’s tongue licked the blade.
“Since you’re already dead, you can’t die again, can you? isn’t it? Shall we try an experiment?”
A rapid-fire sword was embedded in Ethella’s shoulder.
“Huh!”
At the same time, Chagall, who felt the pain of a knife stabbed into his shoulder, instinctively backed away.
“damn! what!”
Ethella raised her upper body and examined her chest with a surprised expression.
“This??????
A chain that started from the side of the heart pierced through Chagall’s clothes and was connected to the chest.
“damn! annoying.”
As Chagall pulled the chain, Ethella was overcome with a shock that drained her soul.
“Huh!”
Ethella crawled forward, and Chagall, shocked by the same shock, sat down.
Both of them thought the same thing.
“It is connected.”
Chagall, who thought he needed more information, stabbed himself in the thigh with a rapid-fire sword.
“Kuh! What are you doing!”
Ethella grabbed her knees and lost her temper, but this made it clear.
“Hmm.”
You have to take the lead.
Chagall pulled the chain again, but this time Ethella responded in the same way.
Clap!
The moment the chains were pulled tight, both of them shivered as if they had been electrocuted.
“Big!”
While I crouched down and waited for the pain to subside, my thoughts were somewhat organized.
“I got dirty. Are these my sins?”
When she turned her head, Ethella was also looking at Chagall with a dejected expression.
‘do! do!’
The scenery of reality disappeared, and Rian saw that everything in his field of vision was dyed red.
At that moment, the burning pain disappeared.
“Huh uh uh uh!”
I felt the extreme emotions quickly cool down, but nothing happened to return to reality.
In a sense… … It is dead.
“That is it.”
Lian checked the surroundings while holding the handle to see if <Idea> was well.
There were hungry ghosts all over the place, and they were eating stones like crazy as if they couldn’t stand being hungry.
“Khehe! Khehe!”
The stone caught in his throat was coughing, but when he found Lian, he stopped breathing. Thousands of anglers who smelled the raw flesh were looking this way.
The sulfur smell was disgusting and the air was hot, but at least not as much as burning.
“Shall we loosen up a bit?”
Looking back at the ghosts who were already narrowing the distance, Lian pulled out a great sword.
“Keeeee! It’s meat! meat!”
Spouting incomprehensible words, hungry ghosts gathered from all directions like water filling up.
The moment when Lian, who had confidently stepped forward, was about to swing the great sword horizontally.
“Kuk!”
My heart felt as if it were burning, and the strength of my whole body began to drain rapidly.
‘ what?’
Lian, who rolled on the floor to avoid the attack, examined his chest with his great sword forward.
The frame was pierced through the body.
Small chains were endlessly wrapped around the floating red stone instead of a heart.
‘Is it because of this?’
When I gave strength in that state, the speed of winding the chain became extremely fast and caught fire.
“Huh!”
Feeling the burning pain, Lian frowned, and the demons clapped.
“Gehenna! Gehenna!”
I didn’t know what it meant, but I guessed it roughly.
‘Right. The lights are not off. The fire of reality is applied differently here.’
That’s probably Gehenna.
“It doesn’t matter.”
Lian raised an eyebrow and stood up.
“Come on.”
The demons gathered again, and regardless of the pain, Lian swung his sword freely.
The weak demons were not opponents, but the fire in their chest grew hotter as they moved their bodies.
Smoke rose from Ryan’s mouth.
“Huh!”
The hungry ghosts realized that the opponent was strong, but did not give up and took their time.
A chain slipped from Lian’s chest and at one point anchored him to the ground.
Rian, who rushed in without noticing, knelt down with his upper body bent by the force of the pull.
“Keugh!”
There was no power.
As if they had already expected it, the demons burst into screams and attacked Lian at the same time.
“It’s meat! I will eat!”
The moment the demons hammered their sharp teeth, Lian clenched his teeth and stood up.
“Something like fire… …
The chains nailed to the ground were pulled taut and red hot as if they had been heated.
“Gehenna! Gehen… …
The hungry ghosts, who had stopped their actions, looked around.
The earth turned into lava and swayed, and the bodies of the comrades were flowing like porridge.
“How can Gehenna… … !”
divine transcendence.
As Lian advanced, the heated chains broke free, scorching the atmosphere.
“Hee! Gee, hell fire!”
The ghosts started to develop, and demons in a pure state flowed into the heart along the chains.
“Huh!”
At the same time, thick smoke began to pour out of Lian’s mouth as if his lungs were on fire.

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 991 - Karma Chain(2).txt
===============================
Karma Chain(2)
Is this what it feels like to become a bomb?
As things that were not his own filled up exponentially, Lian clenched his teeth.
“Big!”
It wasn’t until hot smoke billowed out from between my teeth that I realized I couldn’t stand it.
Regardless of the pressure, demonic energy was rising through the chains of Gehenna.
“Aaaaaaa!” With her upper body wide open, Lian vented the irritating pressure outward.
Kurrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr
With him as the center, hot steam spread along the ground while eating reverse rotation.
“ha! ha!”
He exhaled heavily, but didn’t feel particularly tired.
I heard Shirone’s voice.
“Gehenna.”
When Rian slowly raised her head, Shirone was walking over the horizon.
“Shirone, what is this?”
“A fire that never goes out. aka g
It’s called jade fire. In fact, this is a phenomenon that cannot happen to a living God.”
Shirone looked around and said.
“Usually, it burns in hellfire and becomes the origin of demons. But you endlessly regenerated your body in real life. That’s why it became Gehenna, the living hellfire.”
“Are you saying I have to keep wearing this?”
“Even if you fell into hell, your mind is still tied to reality. It’s because it’s a living body. It is called karma, and the chains tied to the heart represent the lingering regrets in reality. If you purify that karma, the chains will disappear, but
“I am going to die.”
Shirone nodded.
“huh. A complete annihilation. The body has already disappeared, but the soul is also evaporating.”
“okay. But how do you purify?”
“Hmm, in my memory…
Shirone recalled Omega’s records.
“The other side of the world is the realm of emotions, so I don’t know exactly. I have only experienced it indirectly by following the movement of atoms, that is, the record of birth and death. When Guffin met Lucifer, a voice was heard from the sky.”
” sky?”
Lian, who looked up at the sky full of flames, exclaimed in a loud voice.
“hey! Say something!”
Whoa!
The sky was just spitting out angry flames.
When the red light came on, the informator fidgeted and twisted his back.
“What do we do! What do we do!”
Basically, at least one informator is always attached to the person subject to purification.
It was a world overflowing with labor, and most of them had nothing to do.
“I broke the karma chain by myself.” As far as she knew, this was impossible, especially if she was in hell-fired Gehenna.
beep! beep!
The buzzer rang every time Lian shouted, but he didn’t have the courage to respond.
“I have to tell you about the purification time… …
The time of the photon field is used as a measure of the magnitude of emotions in the underworld.
In other words, the greater the pain, the faster time passes, and the weaker the pain, the slower it passes.
“But why?”
Is it not measurable?
The signal that emerged from the blood in the hemispherical bowl was the phrase ‘impossible to measure’.
It was the first time in my life, and I didn’t even know that these signs could appear.
“president!”
In the end, Informator, ignoring the red light of the beacon, went straight to find Lethe.
“what?” Lethe raised one eyebrow.
“Impossible, what do you mean? No being can receive such a signal.”
“Because there really was such a signal.”
Seeing the informator’s unhappy expression, Lethe buried her elbow on the desk and touched her head.
“The chains of Gehenna… …
The Hwa Resources Management Corporation is rusting in hell, but it is an independent institution.
As a group faithful to the original purpose of being behind the scenes, only the purification of demons was the main task.
“Are you a weird guy?”
It’s a bland reaction, but in fact, there was no other way to explain it other than that.
“Not even Satan can go against Gehenna. He too was born in Hellfire. In short, it’s a system failure.”
“What should I do? You can’t honestly say that it’s not measurable. The beacon keeps ringing… …
“Don’t make a fuss. It’s a simple error. The Karma Chain does not in any way bind the Purified to Hell. That it was just cut off for a while. It will reconnect.”
“And what if I hang up again? It is dangerous for a living body to roam freely.
You can come to the chemical company.” Lethe, her eyes widened, went outside the door.
“Monoras, come in.”
I waited 10 seconds after that, but I couldn’t even hear footsteps in the hallway.
“ha.”
She bowed her head deeply, hesitated for a moment, then opened her lips and let out an excited sound.
“Ahhh… …
With a bang the door opened.
“president! what’s going on… … !”
Monoras entered with his eyes wide open and saw a completely different scene from what he expected.
The informator was looking back, and Lethe’s cold eyes were open in front of the desk.
A long silence passed.
“Hmm.”
Monoras licked his lips and, without saying a word, turned and headed for the door.
“hey!”
Lethe hit the desk and stood up.
“I called you! Please do some work! Just looking at you makes me a thousand years old!”
Monoras asked in an amused tone.
“What is it?”
It was known from the beginning of the birth of the Underworld that it was not worth using a bad basket.
“Go on a business trip. There’s a problem with the purification system right now, so we’ll have to call in an expert. The city of magic engineering, Laviette. Tell the Grand Duke to come this way.”
When Monoras was about to leave the room without a word of understanding, Lethe spoke quickly.
“Don’t take bribes. okay?”
“yes.”
“Don’t even accept entertainment. Don’t hit the demons, don’t bully the residents, and don’t use power. No, no.”
Lethe waved her hand.
“Just do it. It’s okay to do everything, so please do your job properly. Don’t leak anywhere else. huh?”
“Do not worry. Who am I’?”
Who are you?
Monoras, who turned around in front of the door, gave a wink with a nice smile.
“This is Monoras, the chief secretary of the chemical company.”
Lethe, who had been staring blankly with her mouth open, sat down in her chair.
“… … I will really go crazy.” Long after noon, Shirone and Amy arrived in the southern part of Tormia Kingdom.
The damage to the demons was not so great, but the aftermath of the emotional disease spread to this place.
As screams could be heard from door to door, Amy pointed the way to the noble quarters.
“As far as I remember, that building is right.”
It was so gigantic that it was comparable to the Karmis family’s mansion.
Shirone confirmed the surname ‘Cross’ engraved on the nameplate.
“Kayden.”
Amy nodded.
“I will be at my hometown. I checked the formation of the Valkyrie unit just in case, but they didn’t enlist.”
“Do you still like Maya?”
“So you must be stuck. If you like it that much, why don’t you confess? I’m going to die of boredom.”
“But Caden… …
“Yes, I was destined for the Red Cross. The ability to use your 100% potential in everything else, even though what you really want never comes true. At the time, I thought it was absurd, but… …
Now that I have approached the truth of the world, I can fully understand Cayden’s feelings.
“The fate of reaching the limit of the law at the cost of giving up the heart. Perhaps that is the mechanism, the Red Cross.”
“That’s why I asked you. If it’s a miracle stream, maybe there’s a way. If Cayden joins, it will be of great help to mankind’s power.”
Shirone also had no objection to that.
“Okay, let’s go in.”
There was a knock on the door from outside, but neither the guard nor the butler came to meet him.
Since he was one of the best families in the kingdom, he must have been able to control his emotional illness well, but he was still struggling.
“Who are you?”
Just as I was thinking about getting over the fence, a man in a martial uniform walked over from the garden.
He was Caden’s father.
“hello. This is Amy. Karmis Amy.”
Cayden’s father, who had been watching her, rather looked at Shirone and his eyes lit up.
“Is it Yahweh?”
“hello. I want to meet Cayden.”
The door opened, and Caden’s father walked into the mansion with his hands behind his back.
“I knew someone would come. Unless my son is really an idiot. come in.”
The mansion was cold and even the air was cold.
The reason why I couldn’t blame the emotional illness was because I felt the chill that had lasted for a very long time.
“It has been a long time since we spoke. Did you say Fisho, he hasn’t come out of the basement since he went to the funeral.”
Father knocked on the iron door.
“Kaden, your friends are here.” He didn’t hear an answer, so he sighed and went up the stairs.
“From now on, take care of yourself. maybe dead It’s a pity. The family genius… …
There was a sense of loss in his voice that he couldn’t do anything until the world was destroyed.
When her father left, Shirone made eye contact with Amy and knocked on the door again.
“Kaden, I am Shirone. Amy is here too. Can I talk to you for a second?”
“??????go back.”
It was a sound I couldn’t hear without putting my ears to it, but it was definitely Kayden’s voice.
said Amy.
“I will be back soon. I have something to tell you about Maya.”
I tried throwing a bait, but there was no response until 5 minutes had passed since then.
“Shirone, let’s open it.”
Amy pointed to the doorknob.
“Can you open it? open it.”
“Coercive methods do not help persuasion. If Cayden doesn’t want to… …
“There is no reaction even after hearing the word Maya. If you’re stuck inside yourself, it doesn’t matter one way or another. Someone has to go in and get them out.”
It made sense, so Shirone cast Miracle Stream on the doorknob.
Quietly, as the lock unlocked and the door opened, the sound of a pen brushing paper quickly was heard.
“No, this is not it!”
At the dark desk, Cayden was drawing with a single light.
“… … oh my god.”
Seeing the room covered with Mayan paintings, Amy gave goosebumps.
“Not even this!” Cayden threw the paper he was drawing on to the floor and pulled out a new one.
At first, I thought it was a failure, but when Shirone entered and checked it, it was the perfect Maya face.
‘The technique is very strange. How did you… …
Shirone looked back at Cayden and stopped thinking.
“Huh. uh huh.”
Can you call that a painting?
Cayden was just drawing his pen from left to right at breakneck speed.
‘It’s just a straight line.’ However, when the lines continued to be added and became planes, a picture of perfect intaglio was born.
“no! This is not it!”
Cayden threw away the paper again and this time held a pen in each of his right and left hands.
The feast of lines created by moving both hands at the same time was drawing a new Maya.
“shit! why! why!”
Cayden, who threw the finished painting away on the floor, clutched his head and wept.
“Why can’t I draw Maya?”
Shirone watched him with sad eyes.
did
‘Technically, there is no problem. No, it has already transcended human limits. but… …
In Caden’s eyes, she would not be Maya.
‘Because I love her.’
No painting can contain the essence of a woman named Maya.
“Kayden.”
Shirone put his hand on Caden’s shoulder.
“Go to Maya. She’s in a dangerous place right now. She might die.”
“… … I can’t.”
Caden said with a desperate look on his face.
“I can’t draw Maya. If you can’t draw, you can’t protect it. I won’t.”
Amy finally realized why Cayden had been drawing like crazy.
“Maya is now… …
Shirone keeps quiet about the simultaneous incident, but this time he conveyed the information.
“It’s as bad as you.”
Caden’s gaze first turned to Shirone.

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 992 - Karma Chain(3).txt
===============================
Karma Chain(3)
Galliante Island.
When the Ultima System Extraction Team arrived at Mount Toa, Kergo Chief Mahatu came out to meet them.
“Welcome, Mr. Shirone.”
“yes. How are you? I’m sorry to say this as soon as I arrive, but I’ll take care of you for a while.”
“Thank you. It is the glory of Kergo.”
Mahatu went down underground and led them to a mysterious temple.
It was a scene familiar to Miro and Gaold.
“The Kergo tribe. It’s a fortress, but… … Will it be safe?”
To Sein’s concern, Mahatu said.
“There is a separate shelter underground. My direct subordinates will take turns guarding it 24 hours a day.”
Because they have to go through Dremo, the team members have no choice but to fall asleep defenseless.
It was the reason Shirone set up a base on the island.
‘While sleeping, activity is impossible. I want to avoid overlapping simultaneous events.’
Mahatu emphasized again.
“Please leave it to me. I will risk Kergo’s honor and my life to protect you.”
Arius said while crawling on the ground.
“The dreamer can penetrate the dream. Through Drimo, you will enter Ymir’s REM area, the 6th level of depth. But getting out is another matter. I can’t install the door.”
Divers inject keywords into objects and use them to install doors.
“This is absolutely magic. Keywords cannot be injected into Ymir outside the galaxy. Even if he did, he would die instantly.”
Miro asked.
“Then how do we get out?”
“If you really intend to come back alive, I would like to tell you to stop now.”
“Answer me.”
Arius fell forward as Miro kicked him in the butt, landing his chin on the floor.
“It comes from the deep sea. Falling from Ymir’s Dream to Drimo again. But the reason it’s quite difficult is, once you get to the depths, the upper levels become a complete mayhem. Because the core of the self has been attacked.”
Gangnan rested his chin.
“Battle is unavoidable. In other words, you mean we have to break through the Egoists, right?”
“Puhahaha!”
Arius burst into laughter and quickly coughed.
“sorry. It’s so absurd. Think about it anyway. Even in the current room, Ymir is the strongest. But now we are entering the world where Ymir is the master.” The atmosphere got heavy. “I have no intention of giving you despair. Our team also has Mr. Polar, Fraternity, and Autumn de. What I want to say is, the choice to fight and win must be made before death. Once you enter Ymir’s mind, a lot of information will come to you. I’ll try to find a way out somehow.”
The moment Arius’ explanation ended, the group entered a bunker deep inside Mount Toa.
There was a bed prepared in advance, and several days worth of food and water were piled up in a corner.
Mahatu said.
“Once you shut the door, no one could open it until you gave a signal, forever. Even after 100 years, this gate will be guarded by Kergo’s descendants.”
It was a grandiose statement, but no one knew what would happen.
“thank you. I’ll be back.”
After Shirone’s greeting, Mahatu closed the door, and complete darkness came.
Shirone, who cast lighting magic, pointed to the bed.
“Let’s start. It would be better to come up with a specific strategy by entering Ymir’s mind first.”
As the six occupied the bed one by one, Arius cast a sleep spell.
Shirone slowly opened her eyes.
It was inside a cabin that seemed abandoned a long time ago, and moonlight was seeping through the walls.
As I focused my senses with lucid dreaming, I felt myself sitting on a chair in the center of the cabin.
A cold wind, the smell of old dust.
A skinny girl in a white rag was walking around the cabin with her hair covering her face.
‘It’s a nightmare.’
You will probably have to be locked in a hut with an unknown girl until the end of this section.
A normal person would have been crushed by the scissors, but Shirone calmly opened her mouth.
“Mong.”
Louver’s satellite and dream designer.
“I don’t have time to play around.”
The door to the cabin creaked open and a pale-faced, goofy-eyed boy entered.
“sorry. But it’s no joke. The fastest way to use nightmares
Because it is.”
Shirone and Mong-a followed the girl passing between them and turned their gazes.
“what does it mean?”
“It doesn’t make any sense. That’s the hallmark of nightmares. In short, it just needs to be terrible.”
Mong-a grabbed the girl’s wrist and lifted her dark hair covering her face.
A distorted face appeared as if it had melted in the heat.
“Nightmares deal with negative energy. Events unfold in a way you never want to experience. In reality, everyone wants a girl to have a pretty face, and they probably do too… …
“Behind it, there is a psychology that fears the worst is about to happen.”
“That’s right. The reason this is important is because the dreamer intends to inject Ymir with nightmares. Even if you are the owner of a dream, if you are surrounded by negative energies, everything will attack Ymir. Then we can save the mobility of our team.”
Shirone blinked and was lost in thought.
“I know it works, but… … Is there really a situation where this Mir feels fear?”
“I don’t know. However, since it is using the inner energy, the possibility is not completely absent. In fact, what worries me more is when the nightmare actually unfolds.”
It must have been on a different level from the nightmares of ordinary people.
“Let’s leave at once. By now, the others must have followed the nightmare.”
Shirone got up from her chair and looked back at the girl before going out the door.
Shirone, who was staring at her barefoot, slowly lifted her hair.
A pretty face appeared.
When the girl smiled, revealing her white teeth, Shirone smiled and stroked her hair.
“everything will be alright.”
At the end of the wasteland sucking in the moonlight, Maze and the others were waiting.
10 kingdoms of the archipelago.
Most of the island was submerged as the tsunami caused by the earthquake in Gamagin, the commander of the corps, caused a tidal wave.
Shirone, on board a sailboat carrying refugees, looked at the sea from the deck.
‘The Kingdom of Dionas.’
Although it is the least damaged country, it would take several months to cross the windless zone.
“Messiah.”
Poine, the poisonous dragon, approached Shirone.
“According to Kaios, the tectonic plates are constantly shaking. If a tsunami occurs, people on the boat will not be safe.”
“It is not a one-off. It’s serious.” Demon world is another poem planted in reality
Because it’s stem, it was impossible to block it
‘As long as the purification of hell does not end… …
While Shirone was in trouble, the crew carried blankets and food to the deck.
“Now, take turns! Since supplies are limited, we will distribute only the quantity. If we do, we don’t know how we will change!”
The reason for threatening them is probably because they know how cruel it is to survive in an isolated sea.
“… … I will eat.”
One by one, the people who came alive in their exhausted eyes headed for supplies.
started to gather.
“Back off!”
At that time, the stalwart knight pulled out his sword.
“Where is the commoner going to lay his hand! According to the laws of the kingdom, Minister Desika will cook first.”
People’s eyes turned to one place.
Decica, the interior minister of Rosarion Kingdom, was taking a break with a cold expression.
“Move! I mean Vicky!”
The knight who defeated the people brought a thick blanket and plenty of food and presented them to the minister.
The expressions of the sailors who watched the scene became grim, but they could not handle the article of the Home Secretary.
“There will be problems. The bread taken by a skinny human like that anchovy is one-fifth of the total.”
Because there was not enough time to load supplies, the amount of food per person went far short of one meal.
“At least you have to eat your fill. Well, since it’s a creature, it’s only natural.”
In Poine’s eye smile, there was condensation of unapproachable miasma.
“What would you like to do? If you give only one name, this old man will give you a sharp admonition…
“Let’s go.”
Poine tilted her head.
“yes?”
“We should get it too, bread and water.”
Shirone, who waited at the end of the line, was able to pack supplies on her turn.
As expected, bread was scarce, and all they got was half a bucket of water and a shabby blanket.
Those who couldn’t eat were angry, but the knight’s sword was still more frightening than hunger.
Poine sat down next to Shirone.
“Messiah must have a lot of troubles too. In my opinion, ‘extraction’ is also fine.”
One way would be to remove factors hindering integration.
Shirone said.
“Desica is not fair. However, in order to extract, a more fundamental standard is needed. If everyone in this seat becomes Decica, what other actions can be taken? Because principles and principles alone do not unite human beings.”
“What matters is the heart… …
Poine spared his words, but the light in his slender eyes became even more terrifying.
“Drink slowly.”
When Shirone looked away, the girl was drinking all the water for the day.
“Oops. It looks like you drank seawater. It is an unbearable pain for children.”
As expected, the child who licked the last drop cried out, as if it hadn’t sunk.
“Mom, I’m thirsty! I will die of thirst!”
Although the mother could not even touch the water, her child’s pain burned her even more.
“Water, water… …
As people’s eyes turned to the minister, Desicca turned her head away.
‘No water. It is said that the knights can find food, but water is life in the sea.’
Then Shirone beckoned and called.
“Baby, come here.”
When the child who saw the water ran to it as if possessed, Shirone handed him an open water bottle.
“Drink this.”
The child raised his head and emptied the water in an instant.
“Are you okay now?”
“??????yes.”
As the child bowed his head in disdain, Poine held his water bottle and said,
“Take this to your mother. Instead, you should drink sparingly from now on. got it?”
The child hesitated, but eventually accepted the reality without turning away from the pain of the family.
“thank you.”
A heavy silence fell on the deck.
The man on the other side jumped up as if he had made up his mind, approached Shirone, and offered him water.
“ruler. Take a sip.”
The man who received Shirone’s gaze scratched the bridge of his nose with an embarrassed expression.
“I can’t give you everything, but we should help each other and live. drink. Because there is no need to be burdened.”
As if a wall had been demolished, people were finally able to see who was around them.
“excuse me… … Let’s eat this together.”
A small loaf of bread was split in half and divided into the hands of those who had not been fed.
“grandma.”
A young man handed Poine a bucket of water.
“Take this. You’re older, but if you don’t drink even one sip, you can’t stand it in broad daylight.”
The gaze of the venomous dragon, said to be the cruelest among the 12 apostles, pierced the bucket.
Water is just a drop to a dragon.
However, her smile had a different warm energy than before.
“Thank you, young man.”
Taking a sip of lukewarm water, Poine turned his gaze to Desicca.
‘Criteria for extraction.’
The Messiah’s words finally made sense.

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 993 -Karma Chain(4).txt
===============================
Karma Chain(4)
Sailors’ supplies were insufficient to last a day, but people gained confidence.
In some situations, killing someone may be the only way to survive.
But at least they weren’t alone.
This atmosphere won’t last forever, but Shirone smiled happily.
‘It’s just a moment.’
Because if everyone could take care of each other’s hearts, this world would never be hopeless.
A warm wind of human warmth circulated among the people who were stunned by the flood disaster.
However, seeing the situation from far away, perhaps from a higher place than them, Shika was displeased.
“What is that guy?”
If you were a country’s home minister, you would have heard of Yahweh’s name, but knowing his face was another matter.
The article insinuated.
“There are people like that everywhere. Guys who act foolishly without knowing the tragedy to come. I really wonder what he will do when we run out of water to share.”
Desicca snorted.
“Perhaps I will cry and ej*culate. You don’t know how hard life is. It gets tough when someone like that gets in the way.”
When people start helping each other, the arrow will naturally be pointed at the desicca, which is an oligopoly on food.
“Take care of it.”
“… … All right.”
Decica’s knight lowered his head with cold eyes and walked towards Shirone.
“Hey, you.”
Shirone looked up.
“Me?”
“Yes, you. I’ll take a look at it now, but this kind of behavior is taboo in the future.”
“I understand that the Minister’s rations you follow are untouched.”
“That’s not the problem. If you start sharing materials, you will eventually die together. In any world, resources are limited. Unless you’re an idiot, you wouldn’t know, would you?”
For the first time, displeasure appeared in Shirone’s eyes.
‘This is it.’
What really makes me feel bad.
“I’m sorry, but giving my share to someone is free. I cannot follow your words.”
The knight sighed heavily.
Then, turning to the minister, Desicca nodded as if she knew what she meant.
“Son.”
The knight’s sword, drawn with the sound of water, dug deep into Shirone’s nape.
“Where do you think you are right now?”
Unlike the unconcerned Shirone, Poine’s eyes harbored terrifying malice.
‘An insignificant creature… …
Just when she was thinking about turning the knight’s neck 180 degrees, Shirone asked.
“Where is this?”
“In the middle of the sea. Food is scarce, and it is unknown when a big wave will strike. Killing you alone is nothing. No, it might be helpful.”
The knight’s expression turned cruel.
“It will be good food.”
The moment the blade touches Shirone’s skin in an area that humans cannot sense.
“decided.”
Shirone slowly raised herself.
Decica’s expression was crumpled, but the knight was motionless as if he was frozen with his sword pointed.
‘what?’
The field of view was far away, and the control of the body disappeared as if it was trapped in the brain.
The art of the mind – confinement.
‘help me! who… … !’
His five senses were still alive, but none of them seemed like he was experiencing them.
While people were wondering, Shirone turned to Desica and said.
“The desire to live is the natural nature of living things. I don’t even want to deny that.”
Desicca was still speechless.
“But some people share even the smallest things. I don’t care what you think… …
Power entered Shirone’s eyes.
“Don’t even mock that heart. Even if it looks stupid, this is also a great nature for survival.”
People gulped and looked at Desika at the sight of the minister of the interior.
“Hmm.”
Desicca asked while resting her chin.
“Who are you?” When Shirone did not answer, he raised the corner of his mouth and made a suggestion.
“You’re probably a wizard, so why don’t you come under me? I give you half of my share.”
If you are a knight escorting the Home Secretary, even from a global perspective, the level is not low.
If he made such a talented person unable to move, he had no choice but to use a conciliatory plan.
“You stupid.”
Desicca’s eyebrows twitched, but Shirone turned away as if there was no need to deal with her anymore.
“This is in the middle of the sea.” In the distance, the back of the sea was rising.
“Save yourselves.”
As soon as Shirone finished speaking, the crew rang the emergency bell and moved busily.
“It’s a big wave! Everyone get inside!”
As people watched with uneasy expressions, the captain himself came out and shouted at them.
“What are you doing! in… … !” Cuckoo Cuckoo!
The deafening sound stopped the captain and turned his head toward the sea.
“Damn it.”
Waves of a height I had never seen before in my life were crashing down on the boat as if to swallow it.
“Kihehehe! Human, human!”
The amphibious demons were soaking in the tidal wave, each raising their weapons.
“Save yourself.”
After muttering that, Shirone wrapped the Miracle Stream around her body and prepared for a fight.
“Keugh!”
The knight whose five senses returned like a lie grabbed his head and looked at the tsunami.
‘… … I can’t stand it.’
It was not on a scale that humans could do anything about.
“Minister! Come this way! We must run!”
In terms of taking care of the minister until the very end, it could be said that he is qualified as a knight… … .
“Messiah.”
“Leave it alone.”
Shirone knew what would happen to those who lost their minds in the world of the end that someone had already revealed.
“Aaaaaaa!”
Knight Teshikawa saw the tsunami that approached 400 meters away and turned pale.
At that moment, dozens of huge water columns began to shoot up into the sky from the back of the ship.
“Aaaaaang!”
With a roar that resounded the heavens and earth, the water dragon Chaios flew up and faced the tidal wave.
The breath of the water dragon, which boasts a charging time of 24 hours, exploded through the dragon.
As the astronomical amount of water twisted like a twist and hit the tidal wave, the sea rumbled and the boat carrying them floated hundreds of meters high.
“Aaaaaaa!”
There was a chaos on the ship, and only Shirone and Poine were watching the demons descending from the sky.
“Poine, I’ve decided.”
At least I saw hope.
The Miracle Stream strongly condensed in Shirone’s hands and exploded into an intense light.
“Keeeh!”
The demons wrapped in light turned to ashes and perished, and on the contrary, people felt the impression that their hearts were purified.
“iced coffee??????
The feeling of falling from the sky was dizzying, but it was a warm feeling that touched even that.
‘Hand of God.’
A hand of light came down from the sky and supported the boat, slowly descending and floating it on the surface of the water.
The storm was still rough, but it quickly subsided as the Hand of God whipped around the boat.
“Oh, this can’t be… …
Not only Teshikawa’s knights, but even those who were helped by him, couldn’t reach Shirone.
“Yahweh.”
News from across the sea says that a blonde boy is fighting for the world.
The Home Secretary also knew the boy’s identity and physical characteristics.
“Nonsense.”
The current situation did not make sense to blame myself for not recognizing it.
‘Yahweh is here? why?’ The one who will save the world cannot be on a ship carrying dozens of people at most.
“Desica.”
“yes yes!”
Decica, who grasped the situation, fell flat on her face.
“Once you arrive in Dionas Kingdom, set up a provisional government. Someone from Tormia Kingdom will come soon. Work with them to help the flood victims as much as possible.”
He wasn’t a politician so stupid that he couldn’t read the situation from Shirone’s words.
“… … All right.”
A huge tectonic shift, the world was about to be reorganized around Tormia.
“However, we still have a long way to go. If Yahweh uses his strength, he will come to land soon… …
Desicca looked into Shirone’s eyes and was taken aback.
“Huh!”
In front of the feeling that your mind has been pierced, no words will go through
was
“If only the people on this ship could go to land right away.”
Shirone looked back and said.
“We are all going together.”
The people who turned their heads to follow the scene opened their mouths with blank expressions.
Countless ships were filling the horizon along the flying Kaios.
behind the world.
The Valley of Wailing was originally the river through which the hottest inferno flowed in Hell.
However, after the psychic realm was sealed, the lava completely dried up and became a cliff hundreds of meters deep.
On the rolling pebbles, Ethella and Chagall descended to the bottom of the valley.
‘I need to find something to eat.’
He was hungry because he had fallen to hell in the state of a living body, but he was not sure if he would find food.
Just as Ethella looked around and was about to move on, a strong pain came to her thigh.
“Kuk!”
Looking back with one leg bent, Chagall drew a knife to his thigh.
it had been plugged in.
Glaring at him with a fishy smile, Ethella stood up again.
“Why do you keep doing this?”
“Are you asking because you don’t know?”
Chagall pointed to the chain.
“You and I are trapped in this hell of chains. A chain in which pain, emotions, and feelings are all shared.”
Ethella gritted her teeth as the chain between the two gradually diminished.
“Huh.”
I tried to hold on, but it was an uncontrollable force, and it was the same with Chagall.
Eventually, when their bodies were completely connected, Ethella turned her head away with a disgusted expression.
“okay? this is a bee You’re paying the price for daring to forgive me. You will never escape me.”
There was nothing to refute.
Since it was a decision he made on his own to remove Chagall from reality, he had no choice but to take responsibility.
“I’ll do the bullying later and find a place to rest. You never know what kind of demons will come out at night.”
When Ethella pushed Chagall away, the chain lengthened again, but even so, the limit was
It was about 2 meters.
Ethella, who was in front, collapsed as Chagall drove a rapid-fire sword into her thigh.
Chagall thought as he looked at her back, who hadn’t even responded.
‘And this must be the punishment given to me.’
In order to torment Ethella, it was his fate to first harm his own body.
‘ huh’?’
How long had he walked, Chagall’s superhuman senses detected the eerie energy and transmitted it to his brain.
“stop.”
Belatedly, Ethella stopped walking, and the illusion of a rapid-fire sword flickered around Chagall.
A ghastly aura still emanated from the dark end of the valley, far away.
Ethella’s face turned pale.
‘I feel it. Untouchable emotions, anger, sacrifice, pain.’
Do not come.
The woman’s voice sounded as loud as a roar, as if it had echoed directly from the brain.
It is unlikely that Chagall did not hear what Ethella heard, but he moved on slowly.
“Hey, is hell a place where people live anyway?”
Because they were connected by chains, even Ethel had no way to stop Chagall from going.
The deeper I went, the more my emotions grew, and finally, I was overcome with unbearable fear.
“That one?”
The two stopped and looked up.
Hundreds of chains were nailed to the rock walls on both sides, and a woman was seen imprisoned there.
“Oh, don’t come… …
It was Jin Seong-eum, the princess of Jincheon.

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 994 - Karma Chain(5).txt
===============================
Karma Chain (5)
Ethella saw hundreds of chains extending from the heart of the voice, connected in all directions.
Although he did not know the details of the underworld, the chain was telling his identity.
‘Genuine sound.’
A woman who sealed the psychic realm for the sake of mankind.
It was clear that he had entered the state of a living body, and how he felt could be seen by comparing the chains connected to him and Chagall.
“you are… … Is it a true voice?”
Ethella took a step closer and asked.
“Oooh…
The voice shuddered, and chains slid from the end of the Valley of Wailing.
A force rushed towards her from all sides.
_Ah ah ah ah ah!
I never made a sound with my mouth, but the cry of my soul was carried on the wind.
“You’re annoying.”
Chagall kept his eyes on the voice with the rapid-fire sword in his hand.
I wasn’t interested in who she was, but it was natural for me to think more about the chain.
“Oh, don’t come… …
A muddy, hoarse voice escaped from the mouth of the voice wrapped in chains.
Ethella said.
“Take it easy. I too, guardian of goodness, will not leave your suffering unattended.”
Clack, clap!
Seongeum, who struggled for a moment, shook his head.
“Shirone.”
“Shirone?”
Ethella’s eyebrows rose, and Seongeum swayed and looked down.
“Tell Shirone my words. never come here go back.”
“I don’t know what you mean. Where the hell is this? And what about the chain? Why can’t Shirone come here’?”
When the second wave of pain was delivered, Seongeum spread her limbs and raised her head.
-Ah ah ah ah ah!
Hearing the screams of the one called the Steel Lady was a horror in itself.
said the voice.
“This is the Valley of Wailing. The river of the source where the devil of reality flows and the fire of hell flows. but i dried it Instead, it ended up like this.”
Ethella looked around.
If hellfire had flowed here, it would have been unapproachably hot.
The voice spoke.
“I don’t know what happened to you, but the chains represent human karma, real attachments. Chains are hell And those who entered hell in a living state are imprisoned here and made to suffer forever. Until it is purified.”
Ethella examined her chains.
“But I, no, we are not bound to Hell. They are connected to each other.”
“I don’t know why. But maybe… … Maybe it means you two are hell for each other.”
While Ethella was lost in thought, Chagall snorted and walked out.
“gibberish. I don’t know if it’s this woman, but these other chains can’t give me any pain. Well, it’s a little annoying, but at this level, hell is a good place to live, right?”
Seong-eum had no expression, but for a moment she looked at Chagall with a pitiful look.
“All is well, wicked man. There is anguish because there is obsession. There is no one who can avoid suffering here. You will end up cursing that chain. You will shed bloody tears like all flesh and blood gods, including me.”
Waves of pain rushed in several times while he was speaking, but the vocal voice was silent for a moment.
‘It’s superhuman mental strength.’
Right now, I don’t know what the chains connected to him and Chagall mean, but at least Seong-eum needed to be released as quickly as possible.
“Is there anything I can do to help?”
“go back.”
The voice repeated the same words.
“There is no way out of the karma chain. no one can quit No, you can’t cut it. Ruin will happen in the real world. Tell Shirone to go back.”
“I can’t.”
If Shirone really came to the Underworld, she would definitely have some possibility.
“I will set you free. wait for me. I will find a way somehow.”
Voice was no more.
Falling into hell and suffering was all she did, but she felt something in the process.
‘Maybe this is also natural?’
Seong-eum, who was watching the karma chain connected between the two of them, said.
“You are free to do anything. but keep in mind This place… … That this is not a place where you are left to care about the suffering of others. One day your karma chain will bind you.”
“We will overcome.”
Just like the voice does.
Ethella turned around and looked up at the Valley of Weeping.
“Let’s go. The first step is to get out of here and get information.”
Chagall laughed.
“Do you think I will let that happen? First of all, I don’t care what happens to that woman. and… … If it’s what you want, I won’t do anything.”
Ethella opened her cold eyes for the first time and glared at Chagall’s face.
It was the look of hatred and resentment that I couldn’t see even after countless battles in reality.
Perhaps it was Ethella’s personal feelings, not the spokesperson for good.
“You are not the only one who can restrain me. I can redeem you too. If I want to see who wins, I will.”
Chagall kept her mouth shut.
Of course, I wasn’t scared, but looking at Ethella’s eyes, I felt an inexplicable anxiety.
‘What is this?’
A stimulus that made a corner of the heart flinch along the karma chain was transmitted.
It was similar to the emotion that completely changed his life in the real world.
‘Tia.’
Now, the face of a woman who doesn’t even know if it’s real or not comes to mind.
“Quack.”
Chagall shrugged.
“Okay, there’s nothing to do, so let’s go. But remember. I will never see you smile.”
Ethella put on a hateful expression again, but was satisfied with this and went to the wall.
The two people, tied to Taegeuk’s chains, began to climb the rock wall.
“Keugh!”
Lian, who was moving her steps, stopped abruptly.
Because again the chains of Gehenna ricocheted out of his heart and pierced him into the ground.
“Huh!”
When I tried to break it with the power of divine transcendence, the second and third chains came out.
“Rian.”
When Shirone turned around, Rian, who felt impatience in his gaze, put more effort into it.
The three chains broke with a clank, and the source of the devil seeped into his body.
“Huh!”
” are you okay?”
Lian nodded.
“I just got used to it. I knew the trick. But, this is really inconvenient. They come out without even trying.”
“Perhaps it is impossible to move in hell while incarnated. You must be a special case.”
Is this really an unusual case?
‘Lian’s chain burns hellfire.’ As I guessed, it could have been an error shaking the foundations of the system behind the scenes.
‘According to Guffin’s experience, there must have been an upper class in addition to Satan’s army in the Underworld.’
If so, there was a high possibility that they were keeping an eye on them.
‘Eventually some movement will be revealed. I need to find something like a city in it.’
Although the psychic realm is sealed, demons from the real world are endlessly flowing into the other side world.
No, now that the Pandemonium has been opened, Hell must have been saturated with unprecedented visitors.
‘Even if all the fires of hell were extinguished, the world itself would not be purified.
no.’
What Shirone was aiming for was to meet the person who manages the hell system.
“Let’s go, Shirone.”
Lian, who did not want to cause concern, moved first, and Shirone followed without a sound.
The reason why I wasn’t so lonely even after falling into hell was probably because Lian was by my side.
As I climbed to the top of the sheer mountain peak, I heard a strangely huge scream that I had never heard before.
“That one?”
Countless humans were walking towards the place where the huge river of fire flowed.
The reason they couldn’t escape was because there were countless hungry ghosts around them.
“That’s a huge number.”
There were so many hungry ghosts that the army of hell that invaded reality was not even the number.
“Aww! Aww!”
Devils attacked and ate humans from all sides, and those at the forefront were being whipped by masked demons and drowned in the river of fire.
“Those bastards!” Rian grabbed the big sword, but Shirone opened her mouth with a calm expression.
“calm down. I am not a human living in reality. It’s just that the emotions at the moment of death are embodied in human form.”
“but… … You are suffering.” Ryan doesn’t know what’s difficult.
“If the chains represent the attachments of this world, then they don’t have chains. Emotions have entered the other world, but the mind must have already gone elsewhere.”
“By other places, do you mean the outside world?”
“… … anywhere. Because no one knows What I’m trying to say is, I’m not really a referee. It is a system in which the emotions of reality flow into the other world and are purified.”
“It’s a cold world.”
If there is no salvation or hell in the first place.
The two of them quickly descended the peak to a place where there was a procession of people.
Everyone was naked, and demons watching for an opportunity were attacking people.
“Aaaaaa! help me!”
When an anglerfish brought a human, dozens of them rushed around it and ripped off the flesh.
A demon wearing a mask wields a whip
drove away the demons.
“Go away! Do you know how scarce the resources are right now? Anyway, it’s a problem everywhere.”
Shirone read the letters written on the armbands on their forearms with Ultima.
‘Fire Resources Management Corporation.’
While moving among the crowds, countless people were eaten by hungry ghosts.
“scared. scared.”
The woman walking beside her turned to Lian.
“Where are we going? Will it disappear like this? No, I don’t want to disappear.”
I know it’s a system. But even if it was a lie, Lian couldn’t turn a blind eye to those who were suffering.
“Shirone, I don’t quite understand.”
Shirone nodded.
“okay.”
And that would be the reason humans have to fight in this cold world.
“How can I save them?”
“Hell fire.”
Shirone pointed forward.
“You can get rid of the river of fire. But even with Yahweh’s light, it’s hard to get rid of all that… …
“Hey, you two there.”
An employee of the chemical company noticed the strangeness and approached.
“What are you guys?”
The biggest proof was that Shirone and Lian didn’t feel fear.
“Why are you here? It’s not a place for you guys to be. Get lost in the original world.”
At that moment, several chains protruded from Lian’s heart and pinned him to the ground.
The surprised employee of the chemical company watched without a word and then slowly raised his head.
“Gehenna. no way… …
The Chemical Corporation had already issued instructions for those who had broken the chains of Gehenna.
“Kill! It’s this guy!”
The procession became a mess, and the staff as well as the ghosts rushed at Lian.
“I will stop. Eliminate the fires of hell.”
Shirone stepped forward and radiated the light of Yahweh, and the demons burned in an instant.
Meanwhile, Lian broke her chains and ran into the river of fire.
‘Can I do it?’
Without time to figure out a way out, he jumped into the river before the chains went in.
“No, no!”
The fireman shouted, but Lian’s body had already fallen into the fire.
“Aaaaaaa!”
Hundreds of chains sprang from Lian’s heart and began to suck in the hellfire.
“Uh-oh… …
In a situation unprecedented in the world behind the scenes, the staff stopped fighting and watched the scene.
A violent foam rose in the middle of the river, which after a while retroactively calmed down.
“Rian… …
Shirone looked back with a nervous expression, and the worker at the chemical company smiled faintly.
“That’s right, where the fires of hell quaaaaaaagh!
A single flash of light pierced the flames and soared into the sky.
The great jigsaw <idea> linked to the chain gushed endlessly and pierced a huge hole in the cloud of fire.
Along the chain, a planetary scale of flame twisted like a twist and ascended to heaven, and a river of fire began to reveal its bottom.
Shirone, the staff, the hungry ghosts and the humans all stopped moving in a state of fascination.
“Aaaaaaa!”
Lian, who was extending a chain from his heart, was roaring with his limbs wide open.

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 995 - Tomb of the Gods(1).txt
===============================
Tomb of the Gods (1)
Drimo.
Seekers around the world, including Shirone, now understood dreams.
“Dremo is a system that processes logical and illogical signals.”
Shirone said.
“Therefore, signals from the real world and the other world come in at the same time. This is why dreams are contradictory when you wake up.”
Miro added.
“It’s not really a contradiction. It is perfectly logical, at least in dreams.”
Sein agreed.
“That’s what makes hidden codes so scary. Things that can only be dreamed of happen in reality.”
Even now, thinking about Shi-ok made my teeth clench.
‘I’m still in the labyrinth… …
To the extent that not being able to choose her at the time of the 20 judges is the biggest regret of my life.
Of course, I had no intention of hurting Gaold.
‘I don’t deserve it’
Old Ga is the only one who is qualified to love Miro, and that’s why Miro’s heart also had a crack.
‘but… …
What you like is what you like.
Sein, who was looking at Miro’s face, met Kangnan’s gaze.
We both knew what each other was thinking, but in the end, we didn’t show it and looked away.
“by the way.”
Gaold looked up and said.
“Certainly not a place to go sober.”
Aaaaaaang!
A monster-like roar was coming from all around the machines turning.
“This is the heart of Dremo.”
The world called somnambulism was spreading frantically before the eyes of Shirone and the others.
Gangnan opened his mouth.
“oh my god… …
No madman’s head seemed like this.
Mysterious structures were repeatedly assembled and dismantled, and among them were ancient artifacts from Shirone’s planet.
Abstract and Impressionist paintings, sound waves exploding like firecrackers, unknown mathematical formulas.
Louver said.
“The process by which illogical emotions are expressed as rational symbols is phenomenal. That is why some people call dreams a source of inspiration.”
Arius, who had robbed countless minds, could only spit out praise this time.
“Awesome. The common sense we know is overturned, and concepts belonging to completely different categories are combined without difficulty.”
Mongah said proudly.
“In dreams, all concepts go through a mysterious combination. There, logic and non-logic are distinguished. When you wake up from the dream, only the logical part remains. This is very important. If illogical code comes up in reality… …
“Because the world is changing.”
Shirone said.
“It is the human mind that defines the world. Therefore, if you perceive the world based on illogical criteria, the world itself will eventually become distorted.”
Sein asked.
“Eating out?”
Mongah nodded.
“yes. But is it rather a small part in that it uses equivalent exchange?”
Louver took the word.
“There are cases where concepts are artificially manipulated. A representative example of this is <Objet>.”
“ah??????
“Concepts that should not have come out to the world of logic are implemented using the expedients of the system. People who do such things are called grave robbers, right?”
When Louver looked away, Arius shrugged.
“Ha, but not all objects that exist in the world are the work of grave robbers, right? <Idea> that Mr. Lian has is also a representative example of self-expression.”
“If you are a user with faith, the system cannot do anything about it. But rules are meant to be followed. The reason I didn’t enter your dream and punish you is because of the rules.”
“… … sorry.”
Louver didn’t scold anymore.
“All right. In any case, there are parts where objects have contributed to the world. Besides, I… …
Louver smiled bitterly.
“It’s not like I’ve never broken a rule.”
“Mr. Louver broke the rules?” It was something even Shirone hadn’t heard.
“That’s right. There was only one time when, with my own will, I brought an object into reality. That is the object that Oh Dae-seong uses, <Demonic Sword Armand>.”
Many thoughts passed by.
Of course, Louver would know the source of all the objects, but it was quite a strange feeling that Armand was made by his own hands.
“I have met Armand. Was she a Hwajok?”
“yes. It was what she wanted. I’ll tell you later when I get a chance.”
Louver has nothing to hide from Shirone.
That’s why I guessed that the reason for avoiding words must have been personal feelings.
‘If it’s Arius… …
The person who handed over Armand to Kazura’s prince Zion must have known something.
But even that Arius just kept his mouth shut with a disgusted look on his face.
The place Louver led was at the bottom of a huge pyramid.
“This is it.”
The small fountain pointed by Louver contained a viscous red liquid like a mirror.
“A non-physical engine, often called a dream engine. When it is put into operation, the barrier between logic and illogicality breaks down, and the boundaries of space as well as time disappear.”
Shirone said.
“That’s why dreamers can exist in everyone’s dreams at the same time.”
“yes. It is not a logical phenomenon like simultaneous events. It just doesn’t have space-time itself.”
When Louver started the dream engine, blood-red liquid gathered in the air and caused a chaotic change.
Mong-a held out her hand.
“Currently, I am injecting negative energy, Nightmare, into Ymir’s dream. Dreams will be at their maximum, embodying the event that Ymir fears most.”
Arius added.
“If there really is such a thing.”
When everything was ready, the red liquid began to change its shape at a tremendous speed.
Like a human face, like a monster, maybe all of this is an illusion.
“I’m going in.”
As the engine of dreams turned the Drimo, the scenery around it began to change little by little.
It was Ymir’s dream.
It was dark and I couldn’t see anything. ‘here?’
It was as if the world that had swallowed them turned away from their existence.
I heard Gaold’s voice.
“It resembles a vacuum.”
The words were so close to the correct answer that the party rather couldn’t answer.
The maze recited in my head.
‘Ymir’s dream resembles a vacuum.’
Isn’t it natural for Ymir that even insignificant creatures do not appear in his dreams?
Gangnan asked.
“Is this a nightmare? Or do you have no dreams?”
I heard Mona’s voice.
“The problem is that we don’t know that. But I think it’s more likely a nightmare. If it were really a vacuum, it would erase our existence as well as our communication.”
Miro said.
“I used Shining Magic, but the light doesn’t turn on. Shirone, how about Miracle Stream?”
“It is the same. It can be cast, but this space is controlling the phenomenon.”
Sein swallowed his saliva.
‘It’s not just a vacuum. A world of power that even ignores Shirone’s abilities. maybe here… …
It seemed like it could be annihilated.
“There is something.”
Cirone stopped at the sound of Gaold’s voice and looked at the pupils floating in the air.
The reason why I can see even though there is no light, is probably because that is the only reality of this dream.
“It is a nightmare.”
Mona said.
“I don’t know why this is a nightmare… … At least it’s not like Nightmare didn’t work.”
“Hmm, the fear of Ymir.”
Arius raised his chin and analyzed the psychology contained in the keyword eye.
‘Voyeur, watch, watch. Or is it the sensory system? It could be a physical weakness.’
The eye has so much symbolism, but at least it is far better than the infinity of the vacuum.
“It’s getting more and more.”
As he moved, the number of pupils continued to increase.
Even so, the distance could not be measured, and finally the entire darkness was filled with pupils.
‘Many eyes. It’s a passive concept. Are you a persimmon poet? Or resistance to Quan Yin?’ Miro said as Arius kept rolling his head.
“Ankera?”
“no.”
Arius, who stopped walking, opened the spirit zone and felt the number of pupils.
Synesthesia’s insights never miss, but this time there were too many.
“The number of pupils is about 10 billion or more. This is probably Gaia’s eye.”
At first glance, he understood, but Miro tilted his head.
“But why 10 billion? Two eyes are a pair. Then over 20 billion
Shouldn’t it be?”
“That’s the point. Why is there only one eye? It is psychological unification. It’s like the friends you hate appearing compressed into a single human being in your dreams.”
The group listened quietly.
“Then here is the problem. Why is the concept of the eye itself not unified? If it’s just a fear of surveillance or voyeurism, wouldn’t one giant eye suffice?”
“well. Because Ankera is there?”
“That is one answer. Avoid conceptually redundant forms. But that doesn’t mean it doesn’t output that many numbers. Perhaps this number itself can be a terror to Ymir.”
Shirone looked up.
“Ten billion eyes. Why are you afraid of this?”
“Because there is not one.”
Arius continued.
“Eyes also have the meaning of perseverance and materialization. In other words, 10 billion eyes are defining it. Right on Ymir. And he’s afraid of this situation. thus… …
Arius circled around and aimed at the center of his gaze.
“There is Ymir.” As soon as Arius finished speaking, a shape appeared from the darkness where there was nothing.
Ymir, who was sitting cross-legged, smiled at me with his chin resting on his chin.
“That is correct.”
“Ymir.”
Everyone took a combat stance, but to be honest, even the people who saw it didn’t know what stance they were taking.
‘I have no sense.’
Because 10 billion eyes don’t define them.
“okay. as it were… … Is this a dream’?”
Normally, they do not recognize dreams, but this Mir was not a being in the ordinary category.
“Yeah, that’s a good way. Perhaps this is what you guys are looking for?”
Ymir held out his hand, and the orb of electricity emitted a blue light.
‘Ultima system.’
It was almost the same shape that Shirone got from Babel.
“Honestly, I feel bad. No enemy has penetrated my mind. Are you a manager? Well, the world is on the brink of destruction… …
Shirone said.
“Ymir, hand it over. If you are really strong, use your strength for the world.”
Ymir willingly held out his hand.
“Okay, take it.”
After watching for a while, Shirone threw herself, but no matter how much she stomped her feet, the distance was not shortened.
‘No, it’s not that kind of problem.’
To be honest, I wondered if I even had feet.
“Look, look, you can’t take it. I don’t even know who you guys are. Do you know why?”
Ymir pursed his lips and said.
“I don’t even care.”
Unless 10 billion eyes define them, they are still nothing.
Ymir absorbed the Ultima System into his palm and slowly stood up.
“I will tell you that I ate one. But you will have to struggle to meet me. Because my memory… …
Ymir’s figure disappeared into the darkness.
“Because it is the tomb of the gods.”

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 996 - Tomb of the Gods(2).txt
===============================
Tomb of the Gods (2)
Ymir left.
She is probably waiting for Shirone and his party in the deepest part of the first level of depth, the psychology of the mother’s womb.
“however… …
A strong voice was heard.
“Is it really a nightmare? For something like that, Ymir is too calm.”
Arius replied.
“I wouldn’t have been calm. You can tell just by the fact that she left immediately. Of course, I didn’t cry out of fear, but I think it’s true that the situation was unpleasant.”
Miro asked.
“What would have been unpleasant?”
“I have something to tell you first.” Mona said.
“Currently, my dreams are out of control. Because Ymir doesn’t define us by anything. It is a kind of text state. It is a challenge.”
“Arius, is there any way?”
“You just need to find keywords that are connected to the 5th level of in-depth, unconsciousness. However, the problem is that there are only pupils, and the fact that there are over 10 billion is a bigger problem.”
Gaold muttered.
“Wouldn’t there be something special in the eyes?”
Everyone looked around, but at each moment about a third of them all blinked.
“fear. fear.”
Arius looked again.
“After all, this dream is the only hint. Why does 10 billion eyes make Ymir afraid? Dismantling of the Ultima system? The very fact of being defined?”
“Couldn’t it be the eyes?” Shirone said.
“To be more precise, there are not only pupils in this dream. A state resembling a vacuum, and us too. To be precise, those of us who are not defined.”
“Hmm, that’s right.”
Arius, lost in thought, raised his head.
“Tombs of the Gods.”
He muttered as if he had received some revelation, and spoke to everyone in a raised voice.
“Yes, this is a nightmare. Ymir said, his own memory is the tomb of the gods. In fact, I was overlooking it because it was impossible, but Ymir understands it.”
“Explain so I can understand.”
“Based on the 6th level here, the realm of REM, consciousness and unconsciousness are separated. In other words, this is the middle ground where consciousness and unconsciousness are mixed. But look at this dream. Nothing. In other words, you are conscious of nothing.”
Sein asked.
“Because it is too strong?”
“yes. To Ymir, all matter is lighter than air. It means that there is no special stimulation transmitted through the senses. It is a state resembling this vacuum.”
“Hearing is everything. But why is that a nightmare? It’s the same in real life.”
“It exists in reality. Ymir has defeated countless foes since her birth. They must be worshiped as gods in any civilization. For Ymir, the experience of the senses is, at best, that much. A powerful enemy that can be counted on her fingers.”
All the enemies that Ymir had fought so far flashed through Shirone’s mind.
“Usually that kind of is placed in the realm of consciousness. Why, isn’t there such a thing as a memory that you will never forget for the rest of your life? But Ymir would be the opposite. The unconscious, lacking in senses, sucks up the stimulus like a sponge.”
“Then what about the realm of consciousness?”
“Only the shell remains. In fact, there may not have been anything special in the surface layer. So it’s more serious. Perhaps from the deepest level 5, below the REM area… …
Arius said in a solemn voice.
“The strong enemies who gave Ymir the greatest stimulus in his life will be holding on.”
tombs of the gods.
“It is in reality. It could be anywhere in the universe. But not in this dream. So it’s a nightmare. all enemies
I had a dream that disappeared and I couldn’t feel any stimulation. That is probably what provoked us.”
Miro said.
“I understand. So how to go down?”
“It’s those eyes after all. The way out of the nightmare is to give Ymir a stimulus comparable to the one he fought. She goes into the tomb of the gods.”
Silence passed.
Normally, there would be an overflow of volunteers, but since the opponent was already different, he needed time to think.
Miro asked.
“then… … who will do it No, what are you going to do before that? Can I hit you really hard?”
Arius said.
“In the first place, those eyes don’t even define our bodies. If it’s Mr. Kang Nan’s schema, there might be some possibilities, but I think magic would be good for now. Mr. Shirone or Mr. Gaold will do it.”
“Hey, me?”
At Miro’s words, Arius avoided a direct answer.
“Let’s attack. Among Mr. Shirone and Mr. Ga Old, the person with the highest single destructive power should do it.” Miro laughed when neither of them answered.
“Yeah, well spoken. Gaold, if you and Cirone decide to play, who will be stronger?” said Gaold indifferently.
“I’m not a child, childishly… …
Of course, but the fact that Gaold didn’t give a definite answer was a subtle surprise.
“Uh, what is it? Could it be that Gaold is also going to give up in front of Shirone? why? Aren’t you confident?”
“Are you Satan?”
In the end, Gaold decided to step in, and soon after, the air press was cast.
“Great!” Tremendous pain flooded in, but 10 billion eyes didn’t do magic justice.
“… … Can’t you?”
Everyone who had been waiting with confidence because it was Gaold finally realized the seriousness.
“I will try.”
Hearing Shirone’s voice, Gaold said.
“wait.”
Gangnan insisted.
“Don’t build your ego. Ymir is your worst enemy. Even if we join forces, we will not be able to grow… …
“It’s not that kind of problem.” Gaold’s voice was serious.
“Even though it’s the magic I cast, the power can’t be measured. Shirone will be the same.”
Miro tried it himself.
“Yes. There is no sense of reality at all. I have to do my best to run, but it’s just imagining it. Only then can you set standards.”
“But I can catch it.”
Gaold said.
“You can catch it based on the sense of pain. If you continue to increase your power like that, you will reach the realistic best, that is, your strength.”
Gangnan was worried.
“Are you okay? If the nightmare doesn’t break even if you reach the best of realistic… …
Only Gaold had standards, and the Gaold she knew was not a man to give up.
“God.”
Gaold tore his mouth open.
‘Where should I look for a mug?’
As the air press was activated, Gaold’s sense of pain began to soar without knowing the end.
“Great!”
Although it had already reached full strength, the nightmare still did not budge.
‘Yes, you are the owner, right?’
As Gangnan feared, Gaold ran faster towards the path of the blade that was spread out in front of him.
“Aaaaaaa!”
When Gaold’s desperate scream was heard, Kang Nan activated the schema to the limit.
“Gaold! Gaold!”
It felt like I could feel some bodily sensations, but it was still far from reality.
“Stop it! You will die before you even fight!”
“Quiet, wait.”
Miro said coldly.
“There is no way we can help anyway. Let Gaold take care of it.
Leave it.”
Kang Nan was about to die of resentment at not being able to grab Miro by the collar right now.
“Aaaaaaa!”
Gaold’s screams were a nightmare, and Sein finally spoke.
“Maze, it’s too long.”
It was the first time Gaold, who overpowered an opponent in an instant, had held off the air press for so long.
“I die like this.”
Old Ga Old would never stop until Maze told him to.
“If you die, you die. Are you going to live here?”
Sae-in also loved her, but at times like this, there was no way to suppress the creepiness.
Eventually, Shirone stepped in.
“Anyway, once… …
At that moment, I thought my eyes were shaking, but I felt a weak vibration in everyone’s body.
“Sense… …
are being defined
Gaold’s howling like a beast began to be reflected by the nerves running through his body.
“Aaaaaaa!”
Finally, with a thud, a hole in the floor of the Nightmare with a radius of several hundred meters was born.
The shaped Mong-a said.
“The nightmare is over.”
At the same time, Gaold slumped to the ground and let out a heavy breath.
“Haha! Haha!”
“Gaold!”
The moment Kang Nan jumped, Miro came up to him first and patted him on the back.
“Hey, how cool is that? good job. You did very well.”
Seeing Gaold’s shoulders tremble, Gang-Nan lost his temper for a moment.
“Did you do anything? It is also worth bringing… …
Before she could finish her words, Kang Nan grabbed Miro by the collar and jumped her up.
Without stopping there, he raised his arm, and Miro’s toes rose to the ground like an awl.
“Are you crazy?”
Miro’s gaze, looking down at Gangnan growling like a wolf, was terribly cold.
“What, all of a sudden?”
“I’ve known you’re a psychopath for a long time, but listen carefully. If you play with the gaold one more time, then I know I will crush you.”
Miro looked at Gaold for a moment.
“I’ve known for a long time that you’re stupid.”
“What is it?”
“Aren’t you here to fight for the world? In the end, you broke through. Do you think this would have happened if I had dried the garold?”
“that is… … Is it extreme?”
“okay. I’m fighting because there are kids like you who are swayed by weak emotions and then get beaten up by evil. To carry everything on your back and block it until the very end.”
Kang Nan raised the maze even further.
“Tell me you’ll never use Gaold again.”
“Nope? Do you deserve that? Above all, Gaold will do it.”
Gangnan raised his fist.
“You can really get hit by one.”
When there were signs of violence, the party approached, but Miro’s life came first.
“Leave your hand.”
The incarnation of Guanyin with thousands of arms soared high, and thousands of arms aimed at Gangnan.
“This is your last chance.”
Gaold stood up in an atmosphere where the Thousand Arms Guanshi Yin seemed to move at any moment.
“It’s a maze.”
A hot energy like fire was emanating from the back, which felt bigger than before.
“You’re right. We’re here to fight. I don’t fall down like this either. but… …
There was power in the low voice.
“Don’t touch the river.”
Kang Nan’s head jerked back, and Miro’s eyes shook for a brief moment.
‘It was like that in heaven too.’
It was Gaold who sacrificed his life to save the maze, but went to the limb to save Gangnan again.
“mister… …
Gaold gave a dry smile.
“Hey, don’t worry. I barely made it this far, but I have to go catch it, Shin.”
Miro doesn’t know.
How a fourteen-year-old girl saved Gaold when he fell into hell and lost consciousness.
‘I’ll never know.’
As humane emotions crept into his heart, Miro desperately made up his mind.
‘It must not be broken. It must not be broken.’ Her eyes quickly cooled, and she raised her arms with a bright smile as if she hadn’t done that before.
“okay. sorry. Can you please release this now?”
Gangnan didn’t get angry, but he was more concerned about Gaold’s condition.
She untied her collar and walked away, supporting Gaold.
“Are you really okay?”
“Because it’s okay. In any case, the temperament is arrogant. When are you going to break that habit?”
“Who started first? why? Is it because you’re really afraid that they’ll hit you?”
“haha! I’m glad you didn’t die. Well, you still have to have that level of knowledge to say something like that, don’t you?”
“huh?”
Gaold, who was lying on Gangnan’s lap and breathing, pointed at her with his index finger.
“You said you wanted to become the world’s strongest woman?”
” ah.”
I’m sure I remember, but had I ever told Gaold anything like that?
“Do you know how old he was then? When the hell are you talking about enemies…
“It will be.”
His eyelids closed, and soon Gaold fell asleep with even breathing.
Miro put his hand on Gaold’s forehead and saw Gangnan laughing.
I thought you were a pretty person.

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 997 - Tomb of the Gods(3).txt
===============================
Tomb of the Gods (3)
About ten minutes later, Gaold regained consciousness.
Her hair was bleached white, but her eyes looked clearer than ever.
Miro asked.
“How are you?”
“are you okay. 100 percent recovered.”
Humans can’t do that, but I thought that it might be possible for Gaold now.
‘I’m not losing my memory.’ It meant that he was concentrating on the battle, and the root cause must have been the maze.
It was an opportunity for the team.
‘If your mind is clear, Gaold is invincible.’
said Arius, looking down the huge hole in Ymir’s dream.
“This is the fifth level in depth. This can be said to be the beginning of a full-scale exploration. Would you like to go?”
“of course. Let’s leave now.”
Then Mona said.
“for a moment. I’d rather stay here.”
Shirone asked.
“why?”
Nightmare’s ability, Nightmare, was able to exert sufficient effect even in the depths.
“If Ymir is really offended by this nightmare, then I’d rather stay here.”
Arius was convinced.
“okay. Ymir invites us into the depths to destroy the Nightmare. Therefore, there is a high probability that Egoist will not activate.”
“Because you want it.”
“yes. Conversely, if we get rid of the nightmare, the egoist will attack us in an instant. Mongah is right. Someone has to keep this nightmare alive.”
Louver said to Shirone.
“There is no door, so you have to go through the Dremo when you return. It seems like the right decision for Mong-a to stay.”
“Then we go downstairs. Mong, please.”
Mongah nodded, and Syrone and the others jumped down the hole, following Arius.
It was the spirit of Ymir, the 5th level of depth. It’s already been a week since Shirone left for many worlds with their respective teams.
In the meantime, the blood of demons blew through the world.
The number of deaths increased day by day, and the screams of the emotional sickness continued in the Central Continent.
“Kill! Aww! I’d rather kill you!”
Those who had nothing more to throw away were forced to completely surrender themselves to suffering.
Lucky people met Shirone and regained a moment of peace, but it was only a stopgap.
Shirone bit his lip.
‘At this rate, everyone will die.’
Neither the earthquake, nor the cold wave, nor the scorching sun seemed to be as terrible as emotional illness.
‘I have to find a way.’
Shirone’s gaze was directed somewhere in the central continent.
World Health Organization.
Shirone watched the patients through the glass windows installed along the long corridor.
All of them, their bodies under pressure, screamed, but no sound came over them.
“The capacity is also limited.” Shirone looked back at Seriel.
Although less than two weeks had passed since the outbreak of emotional illness, her face had been greatly damaged during that time.
“Actually, there is no meaning other than restraint and experimentation. That no anesthetic works.”
The devil’s egg is like that.
“Don’t be too pessimistic. There will be a room law. I am also looking for it in every way.”
At the end of the hallway stood Seriel’s superior, Tenos.
“You’re here early.”
Tenos nodded and said.
“I can’t say good morning. It was urgently evacuated at dawn. All family members are dead.”
The place Tenos pointed to was not an inpatient room, but a small room where patients were consulted.
Looking through the window on the door, I saw a man with his head down.
“Is that Klein?”
There were traces of self-injury even on the outside of the clothes, and the face was skinny like a corpse.
but… … Somehow it seemed lighthearted.
“okay. A farmer who lived outside Baska. As a result of the epidemiological investigation, it is presumed that he was probably the first person infected with emotional disease.”
Shirone was speechless.
“It doesn’t make any sense, but it does. It has already passed through the central continent and spread to the southern continent. In this camp, countless nobles come every day with bags of money.”
Tenos lit a cigarette in front of a no smoking sign.
“They must be hoping for something, to the headquarters of medicine. I wonder if it can at least reduce the pain. But I still haven’t found a way to alleviate the pain, let alone a cure.”
“They were all high-ranking officials or royalty.” Tenos built Arsenic.
“Isn’t it obvious? That’s lucky. I came here with the nameplate of being the first infected person. No, should I say bad luck if I judge it that way? Now I can’t even commit suicide.”
In some cases, the expert’s words offended the listener, so Seriel quickly cut off her words.
“Let’s go in.”
Even while the door was opened, Klein didn’t even react, let alone move.
Dilated pupils, gaping mouth, seemed to be somehow happy.
‘The pain is gone.’ Something was thrown away, and Shirone didn’t want to hear what it was.
From Shirone’s point of view, the reason why emotional illness is more dangerous than other demon realms is not because of pain.
‘Really dangerous things don’t get destroyed O’
This was the reason why the World Health Organization called emotional disease the Emotion Scale.
“Materials are important for emotions, for example.”
said Tenos.
“Material is life. Food, clothes, a place to rest, of course the sum of them is money. Seekers like you may be trivialized,” Seriel drew the line.
“Shirone doesn’t take it lightly.”
“anyway… … Those who have a lot have a lot to throw away. Besides, it’s cunning. I don’t just throw anything away to suppress the pain. It is said to be finely classified and used one by one. But this farmer couldn’t do either.”
At first glance, it is said that there was nothing left after 3 days of infection with emotional disease.
After that, it’s just a terrible pain.
And this morning he lost a child.
“It’s not just Lee Yijae’s fault. At least I thought it might lessen the pain.”
Even the researchers were the ones Shirone suppressed emotional illness with the Miracle Stream.
The World Health Organization would become a battleground if patients had a way to get rid of their pain.
Having grasped what Tenos wanted, Shirone firmly shook her head.
“The standards are clear. It is used as the quickest way to stabilize the world. Leaning on emotions only adds to the confusion.”
“I guess so.”
There was no way that a country’s royal family or minister would leave it alone after knowing the mystery of Shirone.
‘but… …
Tenos had Klein in his eyes.
‘If the Lord of the world hadn’t come here, that man could have been me.’
Klein opened his mouth.
“Please kill me.”
Seriel walked over and patted his shoulder.
“It was an accident. After three days of suffering, Mr. Klein was already losing his mind.”
“I should have died. Even if I had gone mad, I should have died.”
“First of all, get some rest.” Klein raised his head.
“I have no intention of living. What experiments do you do when you come here? do it. Whatever you do. Cut open my stomach or take out what’s on my head, whatever you want.”
A cold silence passed.
The reason Seriel and Tenos spared their words was because they honestly expected such things.
‘There is a limit to experimenting on nobles. Even the temple’s leading figures are hospitalized here. When a cure comes out, they are the first to get better.’
Seriel suddenly had this idea.
Even though the world is heading towards catastrophe, seeing that we have to consider these things, we wonder, ‘Are humans still worth living?’ Since it was a problem that could not be changed anyway, Seriel got rid of his distracting thoughts and focused again.
‘Klein presumed to be the first infected person.’ Since he had already lost his family, and because it was his own responsibility, he would not choose to do anything.
‘I have a few hypotheses I’d like to confirm. At least a bioequivalence experiment on a banned substance… …
Seriel shook her head.
‘Let’s not lose our reason. The more you hurry, the more important the rules are.’
Having regained her composure, she finished poisoning Klein.
“My heart is grateful. However, according to the 13th Holy War Convention, the World Health Organization… …
“please!”
Klein prostrated himself in tears.
“I think I’m going crazy because I’m angry, because I’m angry. I want to take revenge on this damn bottle. And me too! Please use me!”
Seriel looked at Shirone’s eyes.
‘Human experiment.’
It must have already been done in the shadows, but the value of the name of the world organization was on a different level.
“If I don’t write, I’d rather die in a place where no one is around. I don’t want to live in terrible pain any longer.”
Shirone asked Tenos.
“How effective will it be?”
“You may fail. However, when it comes to data collection, there is a difference in quality and quantity. After all, this is where the world’s best biologists gather.”
“It must not lead to death.”
“I can’t say. You could die.”
“Even if that were the case, you shouldn’t conduct experiments knowing that you could die.”
Tenos then turned his head.
“What are you thinking?”
Shirone approached Clein, who was touching the ground, and brought her to eye level.
“It can be tough. Are you really prepared?”
“Are you sure? Now ask me to do anything. do whatever it is
I will throw it away.”
Shirone nodded.
“is it so. I will follow your will. Humanity will owe you a great debt.”
Seriel shouted.
“Shirone, what now… … !”
At that time, Shirone raised her hands and raised the smoke of the Miracle Stream.
As the orbs of light gathered from the sky slowly descended, Klein gaped and opened his mouth.
He had never seen magic before.
“Eh, what is this… …
“I will forgive your sins.” As the light of agape descended on Klein’s body, the incubation period of the emotional illness was extended.
“I will never be sick with emotional illness in the future. This is my heart for your determination. Are you still willing to take the test? Even if I refuse, my opinion will not change.”
A fire burned in Klein’s eyes.
“I lost my wife and I killed my children. I want to atone. It never changes.”
Seriel’s eyes warmed, but Tenos still asked with a hard expression.
“Didn’t you tell the patient that you wouldn’t use that ability?”
“The standards are the same. However, Mr. Klein is no longer a hospitalized patient here.”
Shirone stood up and continued.
“Just like me, Seriel, and Mr. Tenos, he’s a person who risks his life to fight for humanity.” Tenos raised his glasses.
‘The fastest way to stabilize the world. Is this Yahweh’s standard?’ It felt like my blood was boiling for the first time in a long time.
“Please, Seriel. Please make a cure. At least in some way to alleviate the pain.”
Seriel kept her mouth shut and nodded.
‘Do it. I will definitely do it. Because that’s the only qualification I can breathe comfortably.’
On that day, an unknown team was formed at the World Health Organization.

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 998 - Tomb of the Gods(4).txt
===============================
Tomb of the Gods (4)
Spirit of Ymir.
After arriving at the 5th level, Shirone and the others couldn’t go deeper for 7 days.
“I’m going crazy.”
Arius became impatient.
As previously expected, the depth level 5 was a fairly rational environment, but the problem was that there was no discrimination.
“Hello, Mr. Shirone.” The villager, who seemed to have placed a white egg on a wooden doll, bowed his head.
And in another place, a person who looked the same as the villager from earlier greeted him.
“Hello, Mr. Shirone.”
Shirone just passed by without replying.
‘I don’t know who it is.’
The residents had no name, age, or gender, and the scenery around them was the same.
It was a world in which structures such as the simplest circles, triangles, and squares were randomly arranged.
“I feel bad.” Miro couldn’t stand it and frowned.
The residents and scenery they see now must be Ymir’s eyes to see the world.
“Anyway, does it make sense that all villagers are the same? At least there must have been people who left an impression, right?”
Sein said.
“Looking at it now, it doesn’t seem to exist. I don’t even care about the background. Is the world we live in fiercely so simple to Ymir?”
“They said it was the tomb of the gods.” Shirone said.
“At least they said that Ymir acknowledged it. So it’s not like there aren’t any beings left in the impression. At least Lian has to be there.”
The maze grabbed a passing resident and shouted.
“hey! Where is Ymir?”
It is taboo to raise one’s name in the spirit world and use it as a droid, but the villagers didn’t care.
“Hello, Shirone… … !”
Miro’s fist pierced the villager’s face.
Sein let out a sigh, but it was only a mental body anyway, and honestly, he felt relieved after being deceived.
When Miro withdrew his fist, the villager stumbled like a doll whose thread had been cut and fell down.
“You know what really sucks? That means we’ve met the guy we just destroyed 3,000 times.”
In fact, it was a problem that no one could prove, but that’s why Miro’s words had some truth.
“Let’s get rid of everything. First of all, you have to reduce the number to increase the chance of meeting new residents.”
Shirone said.
“You’ve already finished off a city, Mr. Gaold.”
They had done everything that could be done in the deep 5th level world.
Arius said.
“The point here is that no villager responds to the keyword for Ymir. Perhaps this is already a world ruled by a being other than Le.”
“Didn’t Ymir use all the names of the gods he fought with? With Shirone’s Omega. I even tried sirone, the buzzword in the world, ‘Hello sir sirone.’”
Arius’ steps stopped abruptly.
“Hello, Mr. Shirone?” Miro opened her eyes.
“Are you okay?”
“No, this is something to think about. Why do the inhabitants of this world say hello to Mr. Shirone? Not even responding to Mr. Gaold who pierced the nightmare.”
Shirone said.
“I thought it might have something to do with the Ultima system. But all I tried was in vain.”
“Of course it is. What I want to tell you is that it is structured like consciousness, but this place is definitely unconscious. It wasn’t like finding a specific keyword to activate it like in the surface layer. That’s what it’s like to lose.”
Miro said.
“Are you saying you were mistaken after all?”
“I admit I failed, but… … Misunderstanding is a word that hurts experts. You cannot mistake what you don’t know. I am new to this kind of in-depth.”
“okay. Keep talking.”
“If this was the surface layer, the reason why the residents have no personality can be interpreted as Ymir’s view of the world. But there are many overlapping things in the unconscious.”
“aha.”
Arius spread his arms.
“It is everything in the end. All of them, in other words, this world itself is the keyword.”
I got it.
“But does knowing that change anything? After all, it’s the same thing as having tried everything.”
“perhaps… …
Arius, who paused for a moment, opened his mouth after a long pause.
“I feel like there are things I haven’t tried.”
Shirone asked.
“what is that?”
“Inverse Integration.”
Arius raised his index finger.
“The villagers are Ymir’s point of view, but they are also Gaian. The unification I spoke of in my nightmare. In other words, these are the simplest diagrams of the Ultima system that Ymir thinks. And Shirone-san couldn’t break it.”
u 99
Shirone, who was watching the busily moving residents of each street, readily acknowledged it.
“It’s impossible for me alone.”
“is it so. That’s why there was no response. But what if Mr. Shirone is incorporated into them?”
To blend in with those who just roam the streets, unable to find meaning or purpose.
Shirone, who has trained her mental skills to the limit, can move in a state of no mind.
“maybe. The inhabitants of this place are united, but in reality they are only shells without a heart.”
Only the concept of integration remained.
“all right.”
When Shirone immediately erased his mind, Sein, who was beside him, felt terrified.
‘Perfect nonchalant. Currently, Shirone exists only by the work of the mind and body.’
Shirone said.
“Then let’s begin.”
It was clearly spoken, but it was a tone devoid of emotion, like a machine.
As I walked to the place where the residents were, they bowed their heads to Shirone.
“Hello, Mr. Shirone.”
Shirone, who had been listening to them indifferently, at some point quietly opened her mouth.
“Hello, Mr. Shirone.”
All the inhabitants of the world stood still.
Shirone and the others anxiously watched the world caught in perfect stillness as if time had stopped.
Arius said.
“Ymir’s subconscious responded. something here… …
At that moment, the golden light emitted from the bodies of the residents soared toward the sky.
“idea?”
It was a gigantic hexa that was created by the 10 billion Gaians that make up Ymir.
A mighty voice was heard from the sky.
-He who does not belong to us, we deny your existence. get out of this world
If it were real, the heavens and the earth would have trembled, but the only ones suffering here were Shirone and the others.
“Keugh!”
-denial! denial! denial!
As the entire world surged forward, the bodies of Shirone and the others were pushed endlessly.
Although he quickly regained his consciousness, he had already been pushed several kilometers away, and Miro developed an incarnation.
‘Thousands Arms Guanshi Yin.’
The incarnation of the Heavenly Arms Crown, Seeum, growing huge without knowing the limit, their palms collided.
A tremendous bangong sound exploded, but it could not stop the power that defined the whole world.
“Shirone! Break Ultima!”
Shirone reacted mechanically and regained her mind where she was blended in with the residents.
‘I deny negation.’
In an instant, the Ultima System was split into two, and the explosive power generated there.
Indeed, the world was on the verge of collapse. As the landscape radiates like thorns, all structures crumble to dust and the inhabitants
It screamed.
“Keeeee! Kieh!”
As the forms located in the middle of the human and the dummy grabbed their heads and suffered, it was so frightening that it made my shins tingle.
“I’m awake! What now?”
Sooner or later, Shirone caught up with Miro and the others, but even there, the residents were saturated.
“Fight!”
Arius, the weakest, was placed in the center, and the others surrounded him and formed a defensive line.
And countless residents began to run towards them.
“scram! get out!”
The villager rushed in with a white face and raised a clumsy sphere fist.
‘How strong is it?’
Since it was Ymir’s spirit, it must have been as powerful as he felt for Gaia.
Aaaaaang!
Gaold’s form, which had blocked the villager’s blow with a full blow, was blown away by the shock wave.
“Gaold!”
Just as Gangnan was about to approach, Gaold appeared, holding onto the sphere’s fist.
“are you okay. This is enough to endure.”
“Tombs of the Gods.”
Arius said.
“This world is just a shell of Ultima. After all, there is nothing stronger than Ymir in Ymir’s mind.”
After that, it was a series of battles.
The air press slammed down and the Hand of God struck the villagers with the back of his hand.
‘Too many. It can’t end like this.’
Louver, who did not take action until fatigue appeared on the faces of the party, said.
“I will.” As he flew up into the sky, he opened his arms to the left and right, and a ring of light appeared in front of his palms.
“Dream Machine.”
There is a condition of being in the mental world, but the dreamer can transform all dreams into objects.
However, as the distance from the REM area increases, the level of objects that can be summoned decreases.
‘It’s possible if it’s in the 5th level.’
The object that Louver summoned at the stage just below the realm of REM was a small wooden box.
“<Firstborn’s Butterfly>.”
Although the appearance was ugly, it was a dangerous object that could not even be rated if extracted in reality.
“Wake up from your dream.”
When the box was opened, all the Gaians living in this world began to be released into particles of light.
“What, what?”
The Butterfly of the Firstborn is one of the three dreams that Drimeau’s office treats specially.
kind of enlightenment.
If it comes to reality, the effect will be ‘momentarily leaving the photon field.’
“Keuuugh!”
As Drimo was shaken by the shock of the summoning, the aftermath hit Louver, the incarnation.
Still, he didn’t close the box.
‘It’s still not enough. little bit more!’
What the firstborn butterfly actually attacks is Ymir’s spirit, not the inhabitants.
However, even if it was unconscious, it was unreasonable to give a huge shock because it was at the 5th level.
“Mr Louver! It’s dangerous any longer!”
Shirone shouted, but Louver just held on with the box open as if he had already made up his mind.
“Shirone! excuse me!”
Miro pointed to the sky and everyone turned around.
Particles of excited light moved in a dizzying fashion and began to coalesce into a single point in the sky.
A huge voice was heard.
– Deny it.
When everyone crouched down and covered their ears, Louver screamed and fell.
“Aaaaaaa!”
The box closed by itself, ignoring the force of the grip, and the pillar of light struck the ground like an awl.
Woo woo woo woo!
Shirone looked ahead at the vibration she felt for the first time after entering the 5th level.
“uh?”
Standing there was Mackline Guffin, with steely hair and an intense impression like a beast.
“Guffin?”???
As Shirone muttered, the party turned around.
“what?”
“It’s McLean Guffin.”
Miro studied Guffin’s face.
I don’t remember, but I found myself with a frighteningly fast heart.
‘Does the heart remember?’
“Concentrate.”
Gaold stopped talking.
“He moves.”
As the guffin slowly approached, a miracle stream rose and shot into the sky.
“Hand of God.”
A gigantic hand, on a different level from the one Shirone developed, controlled the entire sky.
continues in the next volume

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 999 - Infinity(1).txt
===============================
What is Infinite(1)
Mackline Guffin was a person who existed in the world right before Shirone was born.
Even though it was erased, Shirone and the others were shocked to see such a person right in front of their eyes.
“No, why… …
Arius’ expression was serious.
According to what I heard from Shirone, Imi Le collided with a Guffin in the early days of her birth.
‘Of course I thought it would be the final gateway… …
It is true that other people also vaguely thought that Guffin would be the final gateway.
“If Ymir’s unconsciousness is divided into layers based on the size of the senses, Shirone understood the current situation.
“It’s no wonder that the guffins come out first. Even though we clashed, we didn’t give each other our full strength.”
Still, the power was great.
“The mere fact that it is at the fifth level is proof that it was a powerful shock. I have no choice but to fight anyway.” Shirone was calm.
The form is the same as that of the Guffin, but it was just a fictional character created by Ymir anyway.
‘But it’s strong.’
Just looking at the size of the Hand of God floating in the sky made me feel how great it was in its heyday.
Miro said.
“Let’s start, Shirone.”
As the incarnation of Guanshi Yin with his thousand hands rose up into the sky, the Guffin’s Hand of God crushed it.
“Huh!”
Miro’s face crumpled.
Thousand Arms Guanyin’s fist struck the palm of light quickly, but it was only pushed back by overwhelming power.
“Come down!”
Garold and Shirone, who had Sein’s sun and moon halo spread, attacked at the same time.
joint work in the middle
“Big!”
Truly overwhelming power.
Guffin’s Hand of God slowly covered the ground without slowing down.
get faster
Everything brightened, and finally, Shirone looked around at the pale world.
I heard a voice from a place where I didn’t know if my eyes were closed or open.
“Shirone.”
It was a terrifying voice like a ghost.
“Where are you?”
I couldn’t feel direction or gravity, and even time felt like it had stopped.
“AA AA AA!”
Shirone shouted at the ensuing scream.
“who is this!”
“… there is… a crab… I…
I couldn’t make out the content of the broken syllables, but I could feel one thing.
‘anger.’
They called Shirone.
“Awesome!”
As more than 10 billion syllables overlapped, it produced a sound like a thick string plucking.
In the cosmic sound waves, Shirone was able to intuit the protagonist of the voice.
‘Gaian.’
They, who are united as Ymir, are seated in the unconscious as anger and despair.
‘no. The Gaians are already being integrated. But why does this sound… …
A thought flashed through my mind.
‘The Butterfly of the Firstborn.’ According to what I heard before, it was possible to temporarily leave the photon field.
A hypothesis was formulated.
‘If there is an outside world, what is affected when <Chuang Tzu’s Butterfly> activates… …
Maybe a user?
‘In reality, the Gaians were integrated into Ymir. But in the outside world, they are each distinctly individual.’
<Zhuangzi’s Butterfly> was opened in the 5th level, so it will not be fully awakened.
‘It’s just that they’ve been conscious to some extent, and their consciousness is flowing
ramen… …
I got goosebumps.
‘What state is Ymir in now?’
“AA AA AA!”
Shirone tried to cover her ears at the sound of another scream, but to no avail.
The sound waves are broken, so you can’t understand them with your ears.
‘It’s calling me.’
I’m deciphering the signal with Ultima, but even the meaning has been broken into fragments.
‘What do you want to say?’ Shirone gritted his teeth.
It is because I felt the extreme texture of the language before I grasped the meaning.
If it had to be conveyed in language, it was something that could not be expressed even with a list of 100 million words.
‘Careless. God is indifferent.’
Shirone knows.
The moment they convert their feelings into language, most of what they say is distorted.
It would be perfect in itself if I just melted into this concept without thinking about anything… … .
It is also futile.
‘Let’s think. I’m thinking.’
Shirone tried to somehow put language together to give meaning to the current feeling.
for example.
‘One dot goes around a circle.’
It can be said that the point that does not stop and goes through the orbit endlessly symbolizes infinity.
Perfect, nonchalant.
‘Stuck in infinity.’
To use a little more language, it is to be trapped within the definition of infinity.
That’s not infinite.
… … said, a certain Gaian voice was heard.
Wouldn’t true infinity mean forgetting even the concept of infinity?
In order to do that, isn’t it not to go endlessly, but rather to have nothing?
‘Nothing that doesn’t think about Han.’
That is, infinite without infinite.
‘Empty your mind.’
Shirone emptied his mind.
‘Forget its existence.’
When Shirone’s existence disappeared, the universe, materials, and concepts became essentially non-existent.
‘It must be infinite.’
So, if Shirone still exists, or if he is thinking of something.
It is just an illusion.
‘An illusion without a subject.’
There were no screams and no Gaian voices, but the illusion continued.
‘how is it?’
Maybe I’m mistaken as if I heard this.
‘Are you infinite now?’
Shirone let out a silent shout.
I opened my eyes at the same time, and the whole world exploded with light, and all concepts were born.
the world is made
“Aaaaaaa!”
A curtain of light was peeling off around Shirone, and a faint voice was heard in the distance.
It was clear this time.
‘We are imprisoned gods. infinite human beings.’
The scenery of the 5th level returned, and the figure of the party was seen being crushed by the Hand of God.
‘Open it, Hexa.’
In an instant, a signal from the outside world that no one should know about was imprinted in my brain.
“Keugh!”
don’t know the meaning
Perhaps it is the name of a rare insect, such as the sand burrowing beetle, that is not particularly used in real life.
‘but… …
It was a sign from the outside world.
‘I can’t imagine the unimaginable. But I picked up some fragments now.’
An extremely blurry image of the outside world was drawn in Shirone’s mind.
Even if that image is completely wrong.
‘ no way??????
The imagination that was triggered there was different from anything in reality, and I was thrilled.
“Shirone!”
When I turned my head to Miro’s voice, Thousand Hands Guanshi Yin was almost crushed to death.
Shirone, who was looking up at Guffin’s Hand of God, opened her eyes while biting her molars.
“infinite?… ”
radish
I /\≫
Like smoke from a rocket, the Miracle Stream spread out in all directions.
‘Hand of God.’
As if it had received momentum, Shirone’s Hand of God collided with Guffin’s palm.
‘It’s just an illusion.’
The party, who had endured with all their might, turned their heads as they realized the pressure had suddenly eased.
“What, what?”
Shirone’s Hand of God grew indefinitely and inserted a pod into the hand of light made by Guffin.
“Yaaaa!”
Shirone’s Hand of God, pushed vigorously as if an adult broke a child’s hand, soared into the sky.
‘Guffin.’
Then, along with Guffin’s Hand of God, it began to fall vertically towards the ground.
‘Even though Ymir remembers you, I was happy to see you.’
Cuckoo-cuckoo-cuckoo!
The guffin, which was hit directly by the waterfall of light, faced extinction while standing alone.
At that moment, Shirone seemed to see it.
A faint smile appeared on the guffin’s face as it faded in the light.
The waterfall of light continued for a while and only disappeared after 5 minutes.
“Is it over?”
When Arius, who had been lying down like a dog, raised his head, there was a huge hole in front of him.
Gangnan winked and raised his thumb.
“Nice job, Shirone. You did it this time.”
Since it was a team, it didn’t matter who succeeded, but I wanted Gaold to act as a last resort.
“I was lucky.”
“Lucky… …
Miro looked at Shirone with a serious expression.
‘The technology is the same. The reason it can increase its power is probably because it has reached a certain level. but… …
Oddly enough, it didn’t feel like a state.
‘It feels strange. It’s really strange.’ To the point where I couldn’t bear to go up to Shirone and ask her what happened.
‘A sense of heterogeneity. Yes, it is a vague fear that arises from a deeper level than instinct.’
In other words, a sense of cosmic heterogeneity that transcends living things.
Perhaps this is the reason why Mongin Louver looks at Shirone a little coldly.
‘The firstborn’s butterfly’. I thought it was dangerous, but… …
Ruber sighed.
‘Shirone, Oh Dae-seong is a good person.’
As the incarnation of Drimo, she loves all beings who dream, but Shirone’s dreams are truly clear.
‘sorry. It’s not something I can help you with. Maybe ‘them’ too… …
The size of the aftermath could not be predicted, but at least it was true that the situation was twisted.
‘Argones will not stand still. Even if it doesn’t reach the ‘last moment’.’
Louver shook his head thinking that he should at least reveal this.
‘I’m not an immature dreamer. It exists in reality, so I’ll go through it enough.’
He just didn’t want to see Shirone screaming in sorrow in the future.
Arius said.
“Let’s go down at once. I delayed too much time. Spent about a week here?”
Miro shot.
“It’s all because you can’t come out. I’ve fed and put them to sleep until now, but it doesn’t help anyway.”
He made no excuses.
“sorry. But now that I know how, it will be faster. Of course, if you can destroy the god who is sleeping in the fourth level of depth.” It was certainly surprising that Guffin was first, but Gaold didn’t mind.
“Thinking about it won’t change anything. No matter who it is, just hit it and it’s enough.”
Without a moment’s fear, Gaold threw himself into the pit, and an ordeal immediately followed.
“Shirone, let’s go too.”
Even after everyone left the 5th level, Shirone remained for a while, lost in thought.
‘I shouldn’t reveal it.’
When I reached the state of infinite infinity, I felt that Miro and Louver’s gaze became colder than before.
‘It can be enough. To be honest, I see myself that way too. This makes no sense.’
If an event has no precedent, then whatever it is, it must be a mistake.
I was afraid, and my heart was filled with the fact that I couldn’t predict what would happen.
“Guffin.”
Turning around, Shirone remembered that Guffin had smiled at the last moment.
‘The Butterfly of the Firstborn.’
Was he really a guffin?
“It doesn’t matter.”
The fact that he warmly smiled at himself who had reached the state of infinite infinity was important.
“I’m fine.”
Feeling much lighter, Shirone moved quickly and flew to the entrance of the 4th level.
‘Yeah, I’m not wrong. We’re moving on.’
perhaps… … .
Even that may be an illusion without a subject.

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 1000 - Infinity(2).txt
===============================
What is Infinite(2)
The Borshua region of Akros Kingdom.
Shirone, who was walking on a steep mountain road, suddenly stopped.
“Heh! Heck!”
Nade, who had been climbing the slope with his tongue sticking out like a dog, looked back while touching the ground.
“what’s the matter? it’s hard?”
“It is gone.”
“huh’?”
Eruki, who was going in the lead, turned around and put his butt to the ground with a bang.
“Let’s get some rest. What is it?”
“One of the simultaneous events is missing. No, maybe I am not feeling it.”
“Where is it?”
“Spirit of Ymir. To be precise, the moment I was engulfed in Guffin’s Hand of God, I lost my presence.”
“A guffin?”
It wasn’t a real guffin, but it took too long to explain in detail.
“Anyway, the signal was cut. Quantum signals are not entangled with me here
would mean.”
Nade tilted his head.
“Can you? Quantum signals transcend time and space. How do you stop that?”
“No. At least in this universe, it’s impossible. If there is only one possibility… …
Shirone rested her chin and said.
“The current me and the me in Ymir’s mind have become completely different people.”
Nade’s face went pale.
“No way, the dead… …
“No, it won’t be. Because I’m alive and well here
peel.”
The friends could indirectly know that Shirone’s life was connected.
Eruki said.
“If not dead, is it like rising to a higher level? But you are the infinite magician.”
“Even if that were the case, the quantum signals would overlap. Then what’s left? Shirone stopped talking.
‘The outside world.’
If combined with information from outside the universe, even the Ultima system could be blocked.
‘What happened?’ I wanted to check right away, but Shirone, who was already in Le’s mind, didn’t seem to think so.
“Nothing will change. let us proceed like this It will be revealed when your mission is over.”
After Eruki got up from his seat, the three of them started riding the steep mountain path again.
“I’m going to die hard. Now I don’t know where this is. Aren’t you wasting your time?”
Eruki patted his head.
“According to the map in my head, the demon army did not pass through this place. Of course, the road has to be rough.”
Arriving at the top around sunset, Shirone and the others frowned and vomited.
“Ugh!”
There was a great stench.
“The smell must have been trapped in a place surrounded by mountains. It depends on the quality of the air. how… …
Eruki looked under the mountain, but even the moon was covered by clouds, so he could not see anything.
“Let’s go.”
The downhill road was a little faster, and I arrived at the halfway point, illuminating the map in my head.
“what’s this… …
The fence of a small village with about 100 families came into sight.
The signboard at the entrance to the village was broken, but it was unreadable due to dried blood.
“Let’s go in.”
Amidst the sound of the windows shaking in the wind, I saw a corpse lying on the street.
“Whoa!”
The maggot-covered corpse was so decomposed that even the beasts of the field were not interested.
Iru picked up a branch and looked at the body.
Key said.
“My head was broken by a blunt instrument.”
“Is it a demon?”
“Looking at the traffic line, the distance is too far. Besides, the buildings are too intact to be the work of demons.”
“Then maybe it’s the aftereffects of an emotional illness… …
This time, Shirone shook her head.
“It’s not impossible, but emotional disease will spread to the southwest from Tormia. This is in the northeast, so it’s on the opposite side of the transmission route.”
Eruki threw a tree branch and said.
“Let’s take a look. There might be survivors.”
The number of corpses increased towards the center of the village, and all of them were hit on the head with a blunt instrument.
“Shirone, here.”
The words ‘I am the King’ were written in blood on the wall Nade pointed to.
The corpse of a man with two severed wrists sat beneath the wall, looking sullen.
“Shirone, do you know who it is?”
“no. It’s already been 22 years, so I can’t tell just by looking at your face. At least if you know the name… …
Nade rummaged through the man’s clothes.
“There is something.” When I took it out and checked it, it was a letter from someone.
“Can you read it?”
“huh. Shirone, some fire.”
As Nade approached, Shirone and Eruki clung to each other and read the letter together.
-Honey, something is wrong. I can’t stand it because I’m anxious. She’s that girl, yeah, that girl she never names?
“The woman?” Listening to Nade’s voice, Shirone continued to read her words.
-Remember, honey. During the time we were born and raised in this village, have we ever met anyone from outside the village? The evil woman tricked her chief with cunning words and made a mess of everything in her. And in the end… … She even sacrificed our child.
Shirone was uneasy as the man’s severed hands popped up at this moment.
– I have a confession to make. actually… … When I was young, I met someone from out of town. He rescued me from getting lost after injuring my leg while gathering herbs. With the mighty power of God Yor. He taught me the heart of love.
Eruki thought.
‘A figure from the Church of Yor. Did they meet during missionary work?’
– The reason you kept it a secret until now… … You know how the villagers are afraid of the outside. but i know That this world is full of God’s love.
‘Afraid of the outside world.’
Shirone’s eyes deepened as he read the letter.
-The woman! A vicious and ferocious bitch! The devil is clear! I’m afraid the villagers believe her words. is it so! As if in a dream, it seems that everyone in the village is dreaming with their eyes open.
‘Is it some kind of hypnotism?’
It would be easiest to think so, but Shirone felt that he was missing something.
‘No, this is not like that.’
-I’m going to go to the sacred place of God with the chief. Maybe I can make people wake up from their dreams. Only I can make this work.
The woman continued writing on the next line.
– I’m sick of fighting you. It’s the villagers who are crazy, not me. Look at our new born son. Take Leas and run away. If you don’t believe me, we will lose our son.
Nade recited the last name written on it.
“Wife, Ravika.”
Omega’s record was retrieved from the library of knowledge made up of Shirone’s 5-dimensional cube.
‘That’s a lot.’
There were numerous Ravicas in the universe, and among them were humans from other civilizations.
However, Terra Force was the only race in the universe that could cross the barrier of the speed of light.
‘It’s a different story when it comes to individuals.’
Shirone set the region and year within the physically possible range.
‘Only one person. This is the person.’
From what comes to mind only up to the age of seven, her present age must be twenty-nine.
“This is Kashiram Village. It was built 230 years ago by war refugees. It has been self-sufficient in isolation from the outside world for a long time.”
Eruki said.
“There are too few corpses for the number of buildings. It looks like you went to the place called God’s Holy Land written in the letter.”
Nade flew into the sky and pointed forward.
“Shirone, Eruki. Let’s go over there.”
As I ran to where Nade was flying, I saw a building completely demolished.
It was the largest building, and all the materials were turned into charcoal as if there had been a fire.
“The town hall. Why did you burn it?” After casting Hand of God, Shirone grabbed the building with her huge hand of light.
When I lifted a handful, the miserable scenery inside the town hall was revealed.
Each of the charred corpses lay with their jaws wide open and their bodies twisted.
“There was a fight here.”
Putting down the rubble of the building, Shirone examined the collapsed stone wall on the side of the auditorium.
“It looks like the building collapsed on fire. Maybe there are some that haven’t been burned.”
When the Hand of God raised the wall with his thumb and forefinger, a poster made of planks was revealed.
On the left side, there was a writing written by the village chief.
– Worship. As God’s messenger, I say, you will be able to enter God’s holy land by burning the place you return to.
There was a guide text on the right.
-We are going to burn down the town hall at 5pm, so everyone is welcome. Those who have circumstances or will not attend will be punished by God. Bringing food is prohibited, and there is a ceremony where everyone’s sins are atoned for with the blood of an innocent child.
said Nade.
“Something… … It seems normal, but it is abnormal.”
“You call it crazy. Anyway, let’s find a place called God’s Holy Land.” Shirone and the others inspected the village. The scenery decorated with the corpses of murders and suicides tested the courage in itself.
Arriving at the place where the warehouse buildings were gathered, Shirone pointed to the other side of the waterwheel.
“There are signs of an explosion.”
At the bottom of the cliff, I saw a huge pile of stones.
“The entrance must have been sealed.”
It was a question of what power they used to blow up the entrance after living a closed life for 200 years.
Eruki said.
“Judging from the decomposition of the body, the time is at least three weeks. Whatever happened, it’s already over.”
“You’ll know when you go.”
When the Hand of God moved a large rock, a gap was opened for a person to enter.
As I entered it, I saw a winding road lined with sharp stalactites.
“hey! Who is it?”
No sound could be picked up except the echo of Nade’s voice.
How much time had passed, Eruki asked as he crawled through the narrow entrance.
“But why did you block the entrance? It’s not big enough to get out by manpower.”
“well. To keep them from escaping?”
“But the village chief also entered. Besides, it bothers me that they told me not to bring food.”
Many thoughts ran through my head, but I couldn’t figure it out without checking it myself.
A sound came from the other side of the narrow passage.
“Kreuk. Kreuk.”
” Shh.”
At the same time as Nade gave the signal, Shirone lowered the intensity of her Shining magic.
‘Infrared vision.’
Upon activating the Miracle Stream, Shirone and the others’ eyes peeled off the darkness in a pale green color.
‘Sir… …
Three people curled up like rats were swallowing something with their faces buried in the belly of the dead body.
“Give me your finger.”
His tone was so calm, to the ears of the three of them, it sounded like ‘Give me that salt shaker over there.’
“It’s cold. It’s cold.”
Hearing reconstructed the scene even though he tried to turn away, and Nade couldn’t stand it in the end.
“What are you guys doing here?” As the three surrounding the corpse raised their heads, I could see their eyes in infrared vision.
“who is this! who!”
On the other hand, they couldn’t see Shirone and the others.
“Speak quickly! What are you doing by locking the villagers in a cave!”
“Aww! Devil, devil!”
Unlike being invisible, it was surprisingly fast when it came to running away.
“Looks like you memorized the topography. Shall we pursue?” Nade creates lightning magic and water
However, Shirone shook her head.
“no. Let’s look at this.”
The body was severely mutilated, and most of the flesh had fallen off.
“I feel like throwing up.”
Unlike Nade, Eruki was calm.
“At least there was no food. In this way, it can last for more than three weeks. The question is why.” There was cold anger in the eyes of the three people who gazed into the depths of the cave at the same time.

=============XXXXX=============

