===============================
Chapter - 26 - Things Money Can't Buy (1) 6.txt
===============================
Chapter 26
Black Magician.
A research group created by six problem children, led by Jake.
Aside from Jake, it was a group of students who had no dreams or futures and were students who were repeatedly held back.
There was a time when they, too, were noticed as brilliant talents… If only they had the spirit to try again, they could have made great achievements.
But they took their hands off the competition. In a way, they were the only losers in the fierce competition.
“This can’t be. There must be something wrong.”
Jake shook his head. This may have been possible for Amy, but it should have been impossible for Black Magician to lose to a freshman who had just enrolled.
“Yeah. I didn’t lose. I just got unlucky.”
So far, the students Jake had forced to drop out had excellent grades. How could Shirone even compare? Jake felt he was just unlucky.
‘Doesn’t everyone go through a day like this in their lives?’
‘It’s not over yet. I’m a Class 4. I’m naturally different from those backstabbers who use Anti-Magic.’
After reading Jake’s deadly atmosphere, Shirone tensed. Jake’s Spirit Zone, which turned into a star shape, was felt by Shirone through synesthesia. It felt as if hundreds of archers were aiming their bow at him.
‘What do I do? I haven’t learned magic yet.’
He was able to resist Anti-Magic because it was a battle fought using the Spirit Zone, but a magic battle was a completely different story.
There was no way Shirone, who had not mastered any offensive or defensive magic, could face Jake.
Jake called forth wind between his palms and pressed them down to compress. Then the air began to rotate in the form of a disk. It was Windcutter, a magic that could easily cut through tree trunks.
“I’ll take your arms first. Then your legs.”
Just as Jake was about release the Windcutter, someone grabbed his shoulder from behind and turned him around. The person touched his body at the same time Jake sensed their approach through synesthesia. The speed at which the person moved was inhuman.
Amy’s face appeared right in front of him with eyes glowing red. As her fist smacked his chin, the scenery in front of him shook.
“Argh!”
To a mage who was not well-rounded physically, physical attacks were like rat poison. And in addition to that, being attacked by a punch that contained the power of Schema would do even greater harm. Their Spirit Zone would not be able to withstand it.
Amy got on Jake’s stomach and threw out a barrage of punches. The power of a single strike was like being struck down by a big stone.
“What did you say you were going to do to me? I dare you to blabber again, you bastard! Say it!”
Jake’s head snapped side to side as if it were close to being yanked out. Worried that something terrible would happen if left as is, Shirone ran to Amy.
“Amy, stop it! He’s going to die at this rate!”
“Let go of me, you bastard! You must have thought I was easy to target, Jake!”
“He’s going to die!”
Jake heard the conversation as his consciousness slowly started fading away. He no longer felt pain, only a dull shock traveled from his face to his body whenever Amy struck.
‘Die? I’m going to die?’
The fear of death awoke Jake’s mind. He covered his face with his arms and shouted at the top of his lungs.
“H-Help me! Just spare my life! Please!”
Amy’s eyes watered. She had almost lost her eyes. She had been on the brink of going blind. Remembering that she had been shamed by this good-for-nothing scum, she felt her blood boil even hotter.
“I will never forgive you! You sick bastard!”
“Amy, please stop!”
Shirone tried to pull Amy back with all his might. He felt like he was pulling out a wooden stake stuck in the ground due to her Schema. But, when he pulled her one last time with a forceful tug, Amy fell back and crushed Shirone.
“That’s plenty enough, Amy. Please stop it.”
Shirone was breathing hard. When he came to his senses, Shirone felt something soft and tender against his arm. Realizing that he was pressing Amy’s chest, he hurriedly pulled his arm away.
“S-Sorry!”
Amy was unresponsive. She was only shivering sporadically as she exhaled and inhaled roughly. Her body was clearly reacting to how she was feeling, so Shirone, feeling sorry for her, gently hugged her waist and softly said.
“Amy, because of me—”
“AHH! That felt soooooo refreshing!”
“Ack!”
Amy bounced up, ramming Shirone’s lower abdomen with her butt.
Shirone turned around, clutching his abdomen. If he had been hit a little further down, a horrible situation he did not wish to further imagine could have happened.
“What’s wrong? Are you not feeling good somewhere?”
He was able to avoid the vulnerable spot, but a cold sweat broke out on his forehead because the impact poured downwards. But he did not show it.
“No… It’s nothing.”
“Hehe! Of course you should be. I know how light I am.”
There was no way that Amy, who had been a very curious girl since childhood, was unaware of Shirone’s ‘state’. It was a sign of her own friendliness, as she was poor at expressing emotions. It also reflected Shirone’s success trying to quietly overlook the dangerous collision with Amy a minute ago.
“Anyways, what now?”
Shirone changed the subject and turned to the members of Black Magician. He didn’t notice while they were chaotically fighting, but after assessing the situation after things had settled down, he noticed the condition of the boys was serious.
All of them fainted with bloody noses, and Jake was crawling on the ground, half-dead.
After examining their wrecked faces, Amy decided to cover the situation at this point. She wanted to expel them from the academy, but if the case grew bigger, Shirone’s identity could be revealed.
“Let’s head down. They’ll lay low now that they have something to feel remorseful about.”
“But Sharelle is probably on her way.”
“What? Did you perhaps tell the teacher?”
“Of course. How can I come alone when you’re in danger?”
Amy sighed, facepalming. She could accept the fact that she was humiliated, but Amy thought that she could at least enjoy the victory. However, she was bummed out by the fact that the incident had already been reported to the teachers.
Shirone was deeply moved. The reason Amy was disappointed was because she was trying to keep his secret.
“Thank you, Amy.”
“Hmm?”
“You came here all by yourself because of me. But don’t fret over it. It doesn’t matter if my secret is revealed or not. I’m just glad you’re safe.”
“No, I didn’t……”
Amy avoided eye contact, scratching her cheek. There were times when she felt neglected in the freewheeling atmosphere of the Karmis family. She yearned for human affection. She wandered through the back alleys to search for it. Shirone’s kind words made her happy, but at the same time, she couldn’t completely digest them.
“Hmph! Who said it’s because of you? It was only because I could handle these guys on my own. In fact, I’ve been thinking of doing this for a while now… I just had the perfect chance to carry out that plan today.”
Amy’s cheeks were completely red. Shirone was satisfied. He felt like he knew what she was like.
“Kekeke, you’re so childish it makes me cringe. You call yourself geniuses? As if. You guys are just a bunch of ignorant kids.”
Jake stood up with his hand against a tree. His face was a mess, but his eyes were full of malice.
Amy placed her hand on her waist and spoke.
“You are really pathetic. If you can’t even stand up properly, just stay sprawled on the ground. Are you a pervert? You like being punched by me that much?”
“Puhahaha!”
There was no such thing as defeat in Jake’s mind. After all, it was money that ruled the world. He may have lost this fight, but he still had strong financial power.
“You think everything is over? No, this is just the beginning. Let’s be honest, you can’t actually kill me, can you? Kill me if you’re so confident. You guys will never graduate as long as I’m here. I’ll destroy you guys through any means necessary!”
Shirone was appalled. However, Amy, who had dominated the back alleys since she was young, knew people like Jake all too well.
“Kill you? Why should I kill you? I’d only be wasting my time on a guy like you. But keep this in mind… I won’t kill you, but I can still beat the living daylights out of you.”
Jake flinched as Amy walked towards him with a clenched fist. No matter how hard he tried to stay strong, his body remembered the fear afflicted by her previously.
“…Do you think I’m scared?”
“Did someone say something? Since you’re up and talking, I should beat you again. I still haven’t gotten over what you did to me.”
Jake choked up seeing Amy’s dramatic motion of rolling her shoulders, and his face was distorted in fear.
Screeeeeeeech!
A shrill fricative/sound was heard from the sky. Shirone looked up, but the other two knew without looking.
It was a noise unique to Spatial Warp, an upper-level of teleportation magic.
The moment Shirone thought starlight was shining in the sky, the flash quickly bent and came down to the place where he and the others were.
Sharelle landed with two instructors.
With a restless heart, Amy glimpsed at the instructors’ faces. Then she let out a small sigh.
It was Siena of the Ice and Thadd of the Flames.
‘Ugh, of all the possible teachers…’
Along with Ethella, the youngest instructor at the magic academy, there was no way they would handle this incident lightly.
“Amy! Are you okay? Are you hurt anywhere?”
Sharelle ran to Amy with a crying face.
“Yeah, I’m fine. I’m not so easily beaten, you know.”
Sharelle didn’t miss a small change as she had a sensitive personality. Amy’s bangs, which flowed down as if slightly covering her right eye, were burned.
Although she had thought that Amy’s hairstyle was too retro compared to her pretty appearance, Sharelle’s heart ached when her friend’s hair, which she’d been sticking with for six years, was ruined.
“Why is your hair like that? What happened?”
“Oh, geez! I said it’s nothing. By the way, is it already past 7 o’clock?”
“What do you mean? Do you know how long we’ve been looking for you? I wouldn’t have arrived in time without the instructors.”
The sun had set and it was getting dark.
As the surroundings became dark, Thadd casted a fire magic. The ball of flame soared up and lit up the surrounding area like a small sun.
‘So this is the Fire Sun magic.’
Shirone admired the glowing sphere in the sky. The heat wasn’t felt even though the surroundings brightened as if struck by broad daylight.
This was impossible without converting thermal energy into light energy. According to a book Shirone read, the Fire Sun, unlike its appearance, was an advanced skill and was mainly seen on a battlefield.
Thadd approached Amy with a tearful face.
“What’s going on, Amy! How could a brilliant kid like you do such a foolish thing…”
Thadd, who was only vulnerable to women, did not seem to care about Shirone. In particular, Amy’s grades were first place, her family was first class, and her appearance was also top one, so he couldn’t help but worry.
Disgusted by Thadd’s attitude, Siena turned to Shirone.
“Shirone, can you explain what’s going on?”
“Oh, umm, the thing is…”
“Let me tell you what happened.”
At Jake’s words, the instructors turned their heads. The person who was responsible for the incident said he would explain it. It was questionable whether something went wrong in his brain after being punched so hard numerous times.
But this was also part of Jake’s calculations.
He would only be hit with disciplinary actions. A school that needs the funding of the Ardius family would never be able to throw him out.
On the other hand, what about Shirone? Jake heard clearly about Shirone having some kind of a secret in the conversation a while ago. And along with Amy’s behavior to cover it up. That meant there was something fishy going on.
“I called Amy out. But since her skills are far superior compared to mine, I had no choice but to use Anti-Magic… But it was fair play. The emotions that had stacked up over time eventually led to a battle for pride. As you can see, it’s only our side that has been seriously injured.”
Siena spoke with a disgruntled look.
“Are you telling me to believe that? You guys broke the academy rules.”
“I’m not saying I did anything good. But think about it. If Amy’s a victim, why didn’t she report this? Since they’re trying to cover up this incident, they must be also guilty of something.”
Amy shouted.
“What the hell are you saying?! What do you mean we’re trying to hide something?! You were the one who threatened to kidnap Shirone!”
“Haha! But did we actually kidnap him? We did not. Moreover, Shirone didn’t inform the teachers after reading the note we sent. What do you think this means?”
“You… You bastard…”
Amy couldn’t refute. It would not be understandable to anyone who did not know the actual circumstances behind the matter. After all, Shirone, who had not been kidnapped, came running without reporting to the instructors. However, if she were to tell the truth, Shirone’s secret would be revealed.
Chapter end

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 27 - Things Money Can't Buy (2) 18.txt
===============================
Chapter 27
Jake mounted his high horse.
‘Behold, this is the real battle of adults. In this world, dirty, cheap humans will always end up winning. Kekeke. Goodbye, Amy. Even if I fall into hell, I’ll make sure to bring you with me.’
“Don’t get c*cky, Jake.”
Siena narrowed her ice-cold eyes and spoke.
“I’ve already heard from Sharelle before coming here. You won’t be able to attend this academy anymore.”
“Don’t make such assumptions. You’re a teacher who teaches students. You’re not a part of the management team, correct?”
“What did you say?”
“You know how much the Ardius family donates, don’t you? It’s more than 10 first-class aristocrats combined. You think you can expel me?”
Most aristocratic academies ran on a donation system. It was for the maintenance of expensive equipment. If the equipment was underdeveloped or outdated, students would not be able to reach their highest potential. If their grades drop, the title of being one of the top prestigious academies would be taken away, and the vicious cycle of talented students being reluctant to enter would repeat.
If there was history and tradition to back up an academy, it would at least be able to hold out to some extent. However, that was not the case for Alpheas Magic Academy as it was an emerging one that was only 30 years old, it needed support from the nobles.
It was Thadd, a graduate of Alpheas Magic Academy, who knew this better than anyone else. If the money from Jake’s family disappeared, they would be financially damaged.
“Ms. Siena, I think you’re being a bit too hasty regarding the talk of expulsion. Wouldn’t that matter be for the disciplinary committee to decide?”
“No. Jake is expelled. If we don’t expel him from the academy, how will we be able to face those who dropped out? If Jake stays, I will take responsibility as a fellow instructor and resign.”
Thadd imagined an academy without Siena and immediately stamped out the thought. Much to Thadd’s displeasure, she was a woman with a cold personality… But he knew she had great magical qualities. Her quitting the academy was a different matter from Jake’s expulsion.
Jake’s shoulders shook as he laughed.
“Hahaha! You’ll quit? I’m down for it! Let’s see if it will be the teacher or me who leaves first.”
Frost materialized on Siena’s shoulder. Since she was an ice mage, even her boiling anger manifested through cold ice.
“Where do you think your salary comes from? How do the libraries buy their books? What about the money to open a training ground? Expensive magic devices? At the end of the day, the world revolves around money! Money! There’s nothing in this world that can’t be achieved through money!”
At that moment, Siena raised her hand. Jake looked around at the ground around his feet in bewilderment. The moment he felt his surroundings get chilly, cold air whirled above ground in a vortex.
“Keuk!”
Realizing that it was an Ice Tornado that would drop the temperature of the air on call, Jake curled up and covered his face.
CRRAACKKK!
The whirlwind of frost ascended and trapped Jake. Hundreds of icicles revealed themselves as the air froze over.
“Ughh!”
A sharp icicle scraped past Jake’s face, shoulders, sides, and legs. Jake couldn’t move an inch. It was as if he was trapped in a mold.
‘Wow! That’s amazing.’
Shirone genuinely admired Siena’s work. Even if a mage was omnipotent, it was difficult to control the freezing phenomenon at a molecular level. The rumor that she was a genius mage coveted by the royal palace was no exaggeration.
“How dare a student lecture me, an instructor? Unlike what that minuscule brain of yours might think, there are many things in this world that money cannot buy.”
Jake scrunched up his face. There was nothing in this world that money could not buy. He grew up watching countless nobles turn into mindless beasts when faced with the gold he would at times present to them.
“Something you can’t buy with money? What the hell is that?”
“Talent.”
Jake flinched. Siena stabbed where it hurt most.
“Quality. Personality. Faith. Intelligence. Trust. Effort. True willingness. Should I continue?”
Jake wanted to scream. Why was this woman bothering him? As long as he could shut that blabbering mouth of hers, he didn’t care about how much money he’d have to give. He just wanted her to shut up.
The Ice Tornado shattered into pieces when Siena flicked her finger. The ice shards smacked Jake in the face with no remorse.
“Eeeukk…”
Jake didn’t even have the courage to open his eyes. He was terrified. He was worried that his face might get ruined by the sharp ice shards.
“Now you understand, Jake? Money can’t buy everything… And that is why you don’t have anything.”
Siena, who had grabbed Jake by the collar, pulled him hard and looked him dead in the eyes.
“Urgh!”
“So, I’m telling you, don’t get too full of yourself. The Academy is the only place that teaches you things that money can’t buy… And you just took that for granted. When you leave this academy, no one will teach you these things… Because no one outside of this place truly can.”
Jake had a sinking feeling in the pit of his stomach. He had never thought about that. A situation wherein he would not be attending the academy.
Siena would definitely expel him. If that happened, he wouldn’t be able to challenge anything. That’s how he would become a loser and stay one for the rest of his life.
The son of the Ardius family labeled a loser…
‘It’s over. I’m…’
An appearance of a young juvenile boy gradually began to emerge from his pale-stricken face. Jake, with a scrunched-up face as if he was about to cry, knelt at Siena’s feet and burst into tears.
“I’m sorry, Ms. Olifer. I was wrong. Please, don’t kick me out of the academy. Give me a second chance. I won’t do this again. I’ll really study hard from now on.”
Shirone’s company became solemn. They understood how scary it would be for a student if they were to get kicked into the real world.
Siena bent her knees and pulled Jake.
“When the disciplinary committee is held, sincerely apologize. That’s the bare minimum you need to do in order to put everything back in place. I will be on your side, so let’s do this one step at a time.”
“Thank you! Thank you so much!”
Shirone realized again that there were so many things that money couldn’t buy. Many students here also had to work their butts off in order to advance and achieve their goals.
So what if you were a commoner or an aristocrat? Not all dreams could be achieved with money.
Members of Black Magician were confined to a punishment room and treated.
The disciplinary committee was scheduled to be held around tomorrow, and Shirone’s group had a separate meeting with the instructors.
As Thadd wrote the affidavit, Shirone detailed how he suppressed Black Magician. As expected, the instructors’ eyes widened.
“What? You overpowered Anti-Magic with your Spirit Zone?”
“Yes, I heard from Ms. Romie that Anti-Magic is a magic that requires high mental fortitude, so casting it recklessly is dangerous. I guess I tried to hold out with the Defense Form without realizing it.”
Everyone, except Amy, was speechless.
Of course, if one did not specialize in Anti-Magic, it was difficult to achieve full efficiency. However, even taking that into account, it was a simultaneous attack by five people against one.
This kind of result would have been impossible if Shirone’s Spirit Zone was not stronger than all of the five Black Magician members combined.
Siena leaned her face close to Shirone’s. She lifted his eyelids around to observe his pupils, and when no abnormal findings were found, she sighed in relief
“Never do that again. Anti-magic is a much more dangerous magic than you might believe. We made it through safely this time, but if things had been different, someone could have ended up crippled with no way to use magic.”
Even Shirone, who had nerves of steel, felt a sinking feeling when he heard such a possibility directly from Siena. At the time, all that was going through his head was ‘protect Amy’.
Amy avoided his gaze. Since she was the one who put Sirone in danger, it was natural for her to have a guilty conscience.
Siena rested her chin on her hand and got lost in thought. To be able to subdue Anti-Magic meant that you had great talent. She knew from the beginning that he had excellent durability, but she didn’t expect it to be this splendid.
Thadd, on the other hand, scowled in disapproval. He got annoyed that Shirone could do something Amy couldn’t.
With that in mind, Thadd said.
“Shirone, why didn’t you tell us right away? The first thing you should have done was report it to us, not fly over and then report. I can’t understand why you, by yourself, went to go save a senior who is in a much higher class than you.”
Shirone and Amy felt that the time had finally come.
For once, Siena did not step in to stop Thadd. Since they were in a situation that involved Black Magician, an organization that has forced multiple students to drop out, she wanted to get at least this cleared up.
Shirone smiled and nodded to Amy who had a questioning look. Even if the secret was revealed, he wouldn’t resent her.
Amy sighed as if she could not do it.
“Okay. I’ll tell you the truth.”
Sharelle was more curious about Shirone’s secret than anyone else. How long have they known each other? No, rather than that, why was Amy covering for him?
“Actually, Shirone is…”
As everyone waited in anticipation, Amy scratched her head, and with a big smile, she said…
“My lover.”
“WHAT?!”
The unexpected answer shook the room.
Despite his disbelief, Thadd pressed her for answers.
“Since when? You were never interested in dating. Besides, Shirone is a freshman who just entered the academy.”
“I met him when I was young, haha! This is common, is it not?”
Amy made a fuss on purpose.
‘This should do it.’
After all, she would soon graduate to the Advanced Classes anyways, and she wouldn’t run into Shirone much if their class time was different.
It would be noisy for a while, but it wasn’t a bad thing. If students found out that she had a lover, there would be fewer boys chasing her around.
It was an excellent improvisation, she thought.
On the other hand, Shirone, who had to accept this new announcement, had a pounding heart. Amy was a higher-than-high upperclassman and was the object of envy for quite a lot of students. He knew this was just something to solve the current situation, but to say it was a huge burden was no lie.
“Right, Shirone?”
Amy looked back, smiling with her eyes. It was obvious it was forced. Shirone felt like he could hear her voice threatening to kill him if he did not answer quickly.
“Oh! Yes, yes that’s right.”
“KYAAA! How could this happen? I’m shocked, no, I’m moved! My heart’s throbbing with emotions.”
Sharelle slapped herself and spoke quickly.
“Hoho, I thought so from a long time ago! No wonder this girl always turns nice whenever she sees you! When did you guys start dating?! Who confessed first?!”
Since Amy’s friend, Sharelle, believed the story, even the instructors could not help but suppose it was true. If they actually were a couple, Shirone chasing after Black Magician with such vigor was not surprising.
Thadd wrote the affidavit as he tore out his hair.
“The victims of this incident, Shirone and Amy, have a relationship…”
The rumor spread quickly.
There was no student at Alpheas Magic Academy who did not know that Shirone and Amy were lovers. The news became so big partly because of the shocking behavior of Black Magician, but it was mainly thanks to the saga delivered by the chatterbox Sharelle.
Shirone infiltrates the enemy’s camp alone to protect his lover. Black Magician fought back with Anti-Magic, but he overcame it with the power of love and rescued Amy.
The villain boss Jake was overwhelmed by the gleam in Shirone’s eyes and shed tears. And with a runny nose, he begged for forgiveness. After everything was done and dusted, the two kissed each other amidst the moonlit mountains.
“SHARELLE!!! You wanna die?! Why the hell did you run around spreading such a baseless rumor?!”
“KEKEKE! Why? It’s all facts! roughly.”
“Roughly? Roughly?! That also means not everything is true! When the hell did I kiss Shirone?!”
“Oh my, don’t act so coy. You said you guys were dating. And since you two have been dating each other for quite a while, you must’ve already kissed. Don’t you think you need this much to dramatize things?”
“Are you some kind of a playwright? Why are you dramatizing other people’s stories on your own?”
“Well, isn’t this better? The boys who were bothering you won’t dare to come close now! Hahaha!”
“SHARELLE!”

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 28 - Things Money Can't Buy (3) 7.txt
===============================
Chapter 28
That bit was a plus for Amy. Not only were they dating, but they’ve also kissed, at least according to the rumor. So the boys who chased her around were in a state of panic.
“What are you gonna do about today? Aren’t you going to go meet Shirone? Hm? Hmm?”
“Don’t know. We both agreed to focus on studying for the time being.”
There was a hint of disappointment in Amy’s tone.
‘I know we’re only fake dating, but even so, how can he be so indifferent?’
Her pride was hurt by Shirone’s stone-cold attitude. It was no princess syndrome, but whenever Amy looked in the mirror, she herself thought her appearance was enough to turn heads. But Shirone seemed to have zero interest, seemingly because of his concentration on studies. Even if it was only a pretend relationship, they were definitely an “official couple” in the eyes of most.
‘Shouldn’t he be at least a little conscious?’
“I don’t know and I don’t care either. I have a pile of work to do. I don’t have time to get distracted.”
“You’re disappointed, aren’t you? Well if you are, I wouldn’t be surprised. I also think Shirone is being too harsh. How could he leave such a pretty girlfriend unattended? I’d stick together around all day if I were him. Oho! Maybe that part was what cracked the iron-hearted Amy’s heart?
“Sharelle…”
When she saw Amy’s eyes burning red, Sharelle shook around her hand and released cold sweat.
“Haha… Okay, okay! I’ll stop!
Amy let out her anger with a snort. In a sense, Shirone was well aware of the situation. If he was distracted by something he shouldn’t be distracted by, it wouldn’t be worth it for her to keep up their relationship, even if it did chase away the boys.
“Oh! Amy, isn’t that Jake over there?”
Jake was coming down a hill. He had bandages all over his face and was carrying a large backpack on his shoulder.
The disciplinary committee had decided to put those part of Black Magician on probation for two years. With a condition that they ask for forgiveness from the students who dropped out, but anyone could tell there was an unusual leniency.
“Hey! Long time no see, Amy.”
Jake’s face was bright, unfitting for someone who was essentially getting kicked out for two years.
“You still haven’t left? Gosh, so clingy.”
“Kekeke! I’ve done so many bad things that there are a lot of places I need to pass by.”
“That doesn’t suit you. Did you change? Hah, no way. How can a person’s personality change so easily?”
“That’s true. But there are people who trust a wastrel like me, so now I can’t do anything bad anymore.”
It was known among students that Siena struggled with the committee to lower Jake’s disciplinary penalty. If it weren’t for her, Black Magician wouldn’t have been able to avoid expulsion from the academy.
“By the way, what are you going to do now? Taking two years off will make you have to drop your classes.”
“I’ll have to beg for forgiveness from the kids who dropped out. They probably won’t forgive me, but I’m prepared. And in any case, won’t something come to mind after I try and put everything back to how it was before?”
Amy didn’t think it would be easy. Most of the kids who were tormented by Jake were first-class nobles and suffered from injuries that could not be healed, so the possibility of Jake getting beaten to death was not completely out of the question.
However, the one who knew this better than anyone else was Jake himself, and yet instead of being afraid, he was rather relaxed.
“I’ve got to go. You’ll be graduating by the time I get back. I don’t know when the opportunity will come, but when that time comes, I will do my best. Take care. I wish you the best with your relationship.”
As Jake turned around with a wave of his hand, Amy responded with an awkward smile. Even Jake, the person involved in the case, found it absurd when he thought back to how Amy was dating Shirone.
Despite what happened, seeing him being sent off in this shabby way left a bit of a bitter taste in Amy’s mouth as a fellow student. She thought for a moment as she remembered something. She called out to Jake.
“Hey, Jake!”
He looked back.
“Two years will go by real quick! Don’t give up!”
“Haha! Call me whenever you need my help. At the very least, I can help by lending you as much money as you need!”
“Two years… Yeah, it’s probably nothing. It’ll go by quick.”
Amy thought as she looked at Jake’s figure growing smaller and smaller in the distance. He would not be able to go to school for at least two years. But was that really something to cry about? After all, if one didn’t have the skills, one would rot in the same place for the rest of their life, anyways. That was the world of magic.
“Sharelle, I’ve made up my mind.”
“Hm? Are you going to see Shirone?”
“I’m going to apply for promotion to the Advanced class.”
“What? Already? Aren’t you being too hasty?”
Upon entering Class 4, you were automatically eligible to apply for the Advanced Class. However, if you were to fail the promotion exam, you would not be able to apply again that year, so the battle of nerves had been fierce since the beginning of the semester.
Not to mention, graduation was a long way off, even if you were to pass the promotion exam. This was because only the best talents could enter the Advanced Class out of the whole magic academy where many geniuses were gathered.
According to graduates of the magic academy, the Advanced Class was a battlefield far more fierce than the one in society. It was a place where only 30 prospective mages competed for survival, having to put aside their friendship for the time being.
Some criticized this system of infinite competition, but considering the specificity of the job as a mage, it was inevitable.
The Alpheas Magic Academy was a state-designated institution, meaning if you graduated, you’d receive a non-certified license, which meant you were recognized as an official mage. Essentially, as long as you graduated, you were given “instant power”.
In the worst-case scenario, the students would have to fight for their lives on a battlefield once they graduated, so instructors shared the common opinion that strict standards had to be imposed on the Advanced Class students.
“Why don’t you wait a little bit? The garden is still empty, and it won’t be too late to apply after analyzing the level of the Advanced class and its trends, right?”
“No, I don’t want to dwell on it. I just want to keep moving forward right now.”
Knowing how stubborn Amy could get, Sharelle knew she couldn’t stop her. On the other hand, she was also looking forward to how far her genius would get her in the Advanced Class.
“Alright, I’ll cheer you on. You can do it.”
“Thanks. I’ll be heading up first to see what the atmosphere is like.”
“Hehe, I’m actually a little nervous, so I’m thinking of collecting some information first. Anyway, let’s both work hard.”
“Yes, I’ll help you, too.”
Amy looked up at the blue sky with a light heart.
Dreams were as far away as the sun. However, dreams were also a guiding light, a beacon to those who needed something to cling to.
‘I will definitely become the best mage.’
The integrated class for the Intermediate class was back.
While upperclassmen and lowerclassmen were going around interacting, no one approached Shirone.
Sometimes standing out too much was also a problem.
Surprising the teachers during the entrance test, managing to showcase one of the Four Way Formations on his first try, crushing Black Magician, and becoming Amy’s official lover.
In a short period of time, the marks left by Shirone were considerable. Nevertheless, since he belonged to Class 7, the lowest Intermediate class, the feelings of his classmates were inevitably complicated.
“Huh? There he is, Amy! Your boyfriend, Shirone!”
Sharelle waved from afar. Shirone pushed his way through the crowd. Amy stood with her arms folded as if she were sulking.
“Hello, seniors.”
“Hahaha! What’s up with the formalities? It’s not like we’re strangers, and plus we’re the same age anyways, so no need to be so polite. Talk casually.”
Amy continued sulking despite Sharelle’s matchmaking temperament. From some point on, going beyond his indifference, Amy felt like Shirone was avoiding her.
She wasn’t trying to brag, but inside this academy, Amy Karmis was not someone who got turned down by anyone. So on the other hand, she thought a lot about how to deal with Shirone if he did approach her seriously.
But what was Shirone doing? He drew a line as if they couldn’t even be simple friends at all. Aside from their occasional business-like conversations, he paid her no mind.
“Haha! But even so, I would have to refuse. You guys are still my upperclassmen.”
Amy almost threw a punch at Shirone due to his impassive response. but she firmly held it in. If she got angry here, it was like acknowledging that she was unattractive.
“Just speak comfortably when we’re alone. And it’s funny if you speak formally even though you guys are dating.”
At Amy’s trembling voice, Sharelle recognized the power of love. Amy was empty without her pride, but she still calmed herself in order to earn Shirone’s favor. Normally, this would not have been possible.
“No, it’s okay. I’ll get going. I have class to attend.”
As Shirone returned to his previous seat, Amy was on the verge of crying out in anger and shame.
“Whatever! Do whatever you want! If you hate this so much, don’t do it!”
Sharelle chased after Amy. Even from her perspective, she thought Shirone was acting quite strange lately.
“Amy, did you have a fight with Shirone?”
“I don’t know! I don’t care anymore! He’s so full of himself!”
Shirone returned to Class 7, holding back his feelings of guilt and regret. Amy was a good person. However, being close to the queen of Class 4 brought too many troubles.
PR/N: Amy? A good person? Now, maybe. A good person for you? Cap. #ReinaSupremacy
As Shirone sat down, his classmates began to murmur amongst themselves.
“Yeah, yeah. He thinks he’s the best. Does he want to show off that much?”
“Dating during class? Really? He doesn’t even know his ass for his elbow. Did he come to this academy depending only on that face of his?”
Their jealousy was up to their eyebrows. It was much worse than Shirone had expected.
The average age of Class 7 students was 15. It was only slightly younger than Shirone’s age, but one year was still enough to create a huge gap. In this age group, immature happenings often occurred.
The kids disliked the fact that the new freshy who just entered the academy was chosen by Amy, the top student of the Intermediate class. And with mob mentality at its fullest, even female students were now gossiping about Shirone.
“Gosh, there must be something wrong with my eyes. Isn’t he actually a total player? All he does is date and not study. That’s why he is still unable to cast single spell.”
Shirone decided to stay away from Amy. If not, she’d be the one to receive a fatal blow in terms of image.
It would be a lie if he said he wasn’t offended by the numerous criticisms. Though recently, the degree of their accusations had gotten worse, so he was slowly getting irritated.
But whenever that happened, he stomped those feelings down, recalling Temuran’s advice, he grit his teeth and manned up. His job right now was to rise through the ranks as quickly as possible.
“From today onwards, I will reduce the amount of theory and focus on training. Practice the Four Way Formation you specialize in for an hour. And for the rest of the time, practice pattern changes.”
Under the instruction of Ethella, students began to gather to train their Four Way Formation, but Shirone couldn’t mingle with them.
In the early days, he inadvertently displayed his Spirit Zone and suffered a setback. The students avoided Shirone’s Spirit Zone, which was transmitted through synesthesia, as if it were a bag of filth.
Shirone moved to a secluded place. Since he had the largest Spirit Zone in Class 7, this was the only way for him to train comfortably.
Shirone, who trained the Defense Form for an hour, practiced the remaining three formations. While they were not as good as his Defense Form, his Attack Form was quite good, while he found the Target Form quite difficult to manage.
His biggest problem was with the Deviate Form. Not to mention its difficulty, he couldn’t even imitate it.
‘It’s really tricky. What in the world do I have to do to get my Spirit Zone to deviate?’
Shirone tried to deviate the Spirit Zone to the right, but the shape got all distorted. It was not an exaggeration to say that there were only a handful of higher-class students who were able to use the Deviate Form.
‘Center. The key is to move the center.’
Shirone corrected his mistake and tried again. The center slowly moved while the shape of the Spirit Zone was fixed.
He felt woozy.
‘Is this what it feels like when the soul leaves the body?’
Shirone’s consciousness became distant and numb. He felt disoriented. Then right before his Spirit Zone was about to deviate, it burst like a bubble.
“Phew!”
The only thoughts going through his head were that Deviate Form was too difficult for the current him. For one’s mind to take off somewhere was not a natural phenomenon, so he had to approach it very carefully.
‘Rather, should I move the center first? No, the first method is right. If the shape is not perfect, the center won’t move.’
As Shirone struggled, Ethella came up to him personally.
“How’s it going, Shirone?”
“Deviate Form is difficult. It’s not easy to move the center.”
“That’s normal. It’s usually quite a challenge for convergent types. The Four Way Formation is a natural phenomenon… Except for the Deviate Form, which is an unnatural phenomenon. By the way, what about the other formations?”
Ethella did not have high expectations for Shirone to succeed in the Deviate Form. What she was looking forward to was Shirone’s natural insight, not computational competence.
“Mmm, as for the rest… I don’t think there are any issues.”
Shirone answered honestly. He was becoming proficient in the Four Way Formation to the extent that he was satisfied with his own progress.

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 29 - Eye thorn (2) 5.txt
===============================
Chapter 29
Ethella was lost in thought, fiddling with her lips.
“Then would you like to try it out in the Image Zone?”
“Yes? But… Right now?”
“Why? Are you feeling unwell?”
“No, it’s not that.”
Ethella blinked, puzzled. The ambitious student who couldn’t contain his excitement in regards to the Image Zone had turned passive.
‘What’s going on? He doesn’t look very happy. The kids seem to be keeping him in check, is that why? He’s more sensitive than I thought.’
Ethella said while patting his shoulder.
“If you’re not feeling well, you can always do it next time. I was simply curious and wanted to see because you’re the only one who can change between the Four Way Formation in Class 7.”
“No, I’ll give it a go. Please assess me.”
Shirone changed his mind. Even if his classmates went around criticizing him, he would not give up the opportunity to receive Ethella’s guidance for just that reason alone.
Abusive remarks started to fly around the moment Shirone entered the Image Zone.
“Huh, look at him go. He must be thinking of doing it again. He just loves to stand out, doesn’t he?”
“He wants to show off to his lover. Well, it’s true that that’s the only thing he’s good at. The dude can’t even cast a single spell.”
On the other hand, upperclassmen stopped whatever they were practicing and turned to focus on him. A month had passed since the successful demonstration of the Defense Form of the Four Way Formation, so they were curious to see how much he had grown since then.
“Ms. Romie, I’ll begin.”
“Alright. First, let’s do it one by one.”
Shirone started off with what he was best at, the Defense Form. A strong, huge Octacontaoctagon was formed.
The upperclassmen were awed.
“When speaking in regards to your Defense Form alone, it’s high-class.”
On the other hand, the Class 7 students glared at Shirone as if they were dealing with a public enemy. Nevertheless, the reason why they couldn’t complain was because his skills were actually really great.
Shirone shifted to the Attack Form of the Four Way Formation. Instead of the size of his zone being reduced, it stayed the same with the only difference being numerous, dangerous-looking thorns emerging.
Next was the Target Form. The length of the cross was considerable, but its torque was too weak to use in practice. Nevertheless, Shirone was making rapid progress.
Ethella smiled in satisfaction. It was safe to say that Shirone would soon probably be promoted to Class 6 considering his skills.
But Shirone didn’t stop there and attempted the Deviate Form. It was also important to fail so that he could get advice from Ethella while she was here.
Then he hit a wall. The shape of the Spirit Zone might change, and even if the center was shifted, the Zone often exploded instead of just successfully deviating.
Ethella’s eyes lit up in astonishment. She didn’t expect him to attempt the Deviate Form as it did not fit his convergent tendencies. But surprisingly, things were going roughly, which was to be expected.
Seeing this, each of the Class 7 kids, who had no intention of even trying to aim for the Deviate Form, breathed out a sigh of relief.
“Kekeke, what the hell is he doing? How is that the Four Way Formation? He’s just horsing around.”
“They said he was a genius, but he’s nothing close to one. He should be doing at least one thing well. How the hell is he going to become a mage doing things like that.”
Shirone was offended. Not a single person from Class 7 could pull off the Deviate Form. He couldn’t understand their way of thinking at all, especially considering the fact that they placed standards on him that even they couldn’t reach.
His Spirit Zone shook when he lost his composure. The more it shook, the more the Class 7 kids continued to gossip and bring Shirone down.
Amy, who was watching, frowned. So far, she was satisfied with his demonstration of changing between the different forms of the Four Way Formation, but suddenly his Zone started shaking.
“What the hell’s wrong with him? What is he doing?”
“Deviate Form is usually hard to control. I guess he’s bothered too much by the reactions of the kids.”
“No way. He’s never that shaky. Is he really going through something these days?”
“Oh, are you covering for him? Well, I guess he is your boyfriend.”
Amy shut Sharelle’s mouth with her red eyes and got lost in thought. It was certainly strange. Where did the Anti-Magic-resistant durability go? How come his Spirit Zone was stumbling around like it was drunk?
‘Is there really something going on that I don’t know about?’
Shirone tried everything to suppress his emotions. However, anger was not easy to control because once it bloomed, it grew by consuming itself.
‘Why do they hate me? What did I do wrong? I just want to study hard and do better. What’s wrong with wanting to be a mage?’
His Spirit Zone began to convulse as if it was about to explode. His mind was all over the place.
“Hey, you have too many miscellaneous thoughts.”
Shirone broke out from his thoughts. Someone from Class 5 side spoke.
“If you want to do something, just do it. You’re here to learn magic.”
Shirone finally looked back on his condition with impassiveness. When he came to his senses, he realized how foolish he was being.
‘What was I doing?’
Shirone, who erased all distractions, attempted once again.
‘It’s okay to fail. The important thing is to learn from it and grow.’
A Zone with a 40-meter diameter slowly began to deviate from the center. As the center moved away, the diameter decreased exponentially.
Would it deviate first or get extinguished first?
All the Intermediate class students stared at the scene.
By the time the size of the Zone was reduced to two meters in diameter, the surface of the Spirit Zone had been completely pulled off from Shirone’s body.
The shock that the Class 7 students were in was indescribable. Even upperclassmen in the Intermediate class found it difficult to succeed, so it was natural for them to be in a daze.
The Spirit Zone began to hover around Shirone. Every moment, new information entered his mind. He felt like his head was about to explode due to the huge amount of information pouring in. When he opened his eyes, the Spirit Zone burst and disappeared.
“Hah… Hah.”
He was out of breath, even though he didn’t do anything physically taxing.
“I did it. I really succeeded in the form… I made it work.”
The upper-level classes began to stir.
It was an achievement that was incomparable to the success of a Defense Form. Not one person in Class 7 nor Class 6 succeeded in the form.
Sharelle shook Amy’s arm and made a fuss.
“Amy, Shirone did it! He really did it.”
Amy was smiling, too. Regardless of her emotions, in terms of being a colleague reaching for the same dream, he had talent worthy of her respect.
‘His growth rate is monstrous. It’s insanely fast. If a month was enough to achieve the Deviate Form, I’m sure…’
‘He’s a talent equal to me… Or even greater.’
Amy was a little upset. Perhaps Shirone trained his mind without wasting even a single day. But what about her? She had gone around the back alley, doing stupid and morally-disgusting things.
‘Why did I… Waste my precious time doing such things?’
Shirone, who succeeded the Deviate Form, looked around for the person who gave him a piece of advice and turned his head toward Class 5. However, he could not figure it out through voice alone since he didn’t have a chance to talk to the upperclassmen.
‘I just wanted to say thank you…’
Ethella was absorbed in thought as she looked at Shirone, who was being applauded by nearly everyone. Everyone was influenced by Shirone’s growth. She came up with a way to give rise to the atmosphere of the class a bit more.
“Hmm, you came earlier than I expected.”
Recently, Shirone had one concern no one knew about. It was that he did not know how to use any magic.
The knowledge needed for magic was not easy enough for lower-level class children to simply obtain. Therefore, even in school, fully-fledged magic practice was conducted starting Class 5.
But in reality, that wasn’t true either. The nobles were educated from birth, so even lower-leveled students knew how to use at least two types of magic. On the other hand, Shirone studied only for a year and a half with the Ogent family.
Shirone’s dilemma was this.
‘If you concentrate on one subject, you may be able to use simple magic.’
The problem was… He felt like he would never be able to overcome students who had been taught since childhood.
So the strategy he came up with was to study all the disciplines at once.
As a result, the number of books he started to borrow increased, and these days, he pretty much lived in the library.
The students laughed at Shirone. They thought it was foolish to study so much in the library considering he wouldn’t be able to keep up with his classes.
But Shirone did not falter. He had the Core of Knowledge, so any discipline or type of knowledge could be arranged in chronological order. In other words, this meant that the probability of forgetting the content was significantly reduced.
‘The immediate results may be minimal, but I must keep this up for a minimum of two years… If it is possible to study for two years in this state, all the main points in each field will start to connect.’
This was the framework of knowledge. An entire encyclopedia in his head that he could reach out to at any time.
After turning over a new lead, Shirone focused back on the book. It was well past midnight when he came to his senses. The only person left in the library was a girl from Class 6.
When Shirone nodded to her as she packed her bag, she also nodded back with a shy smile.
It was two in the morning when he left the library.
However, even if he went to bed now, he would only be able to sleep for about 4 hours. Whenever he thought about how behind he was in comparison to the nobility, he felt that sleep was a waste of time.
Whenever he had those kinds of thoughts, Shirone recalled a book he once read called “The Great Scholars’ Dialogue.”
Among them, he found the interview of a biologist named Torkcholin most impressive. He, who claimed that a person must get more than six hours of sleep, joked at the end of the interview like this.
“Of course, I only slept four hours during my student years.”
And the author of the book asked.
“Then, aren’t your claims incorrect?”
Torkcholin’s answer was:
“Haha! Those who are in their teens are not humans. They are superhumans. Whether they sleep or not, it would not affect them in any way.”
Those words uplifted Shirone who was always pressed for time.
‘Yeah! Let’s work hard. If I do my best, results will follow naturally.’
The lights in the Advanced class building were on. The lights from the window flickered as if someone was conducting a magic experiment until late at night. What new magic was being created there?
Shirone’s eyes were already on the Advanced class.
At the end of lunchtime, Ethella went to see Siena. They were the same age at 26, and they had already worked together for four years, but they still remained formal with each other.
“Ms. Siena, can you spare me some time?”
“Yes, but I don’t think I can talk for too long because I have a class to teach in Class 7 soon.”
It was common to easily exceed an hour while discussing things related to magic, so Siena asked for understanding in advance.
“Oh, I see. I have something to discuss with you about Shirone.”
Siena showed interest at the mention of Shirone. Unlike in her class where he laid low, she heard that in practical training led by Ethella, he stood out like a sore thumb.
“How is he these days? Looking at his practice score, it seems like he’s doing quite well.”
“He certainly is. Last time, he succeeded in performing the Deviate Form of the Four Way Formation.”
“Oho, I see.”
Siena smiled with satisfaction. As an instructor in charge of Shirone, it was a pleasure to hear him being praised by other instructors.
“So I’d like to make a suggestion, Ms. Siena.”
“Yes? A suggestion?”
It was quite rare for Ethella herself to give suggestions to another instructor, especially in regards to a student. So as much as that was a rare occurrence, Siena thought it to be an exceptional suggestion.
Chemical theories filled up the blackboard in Class 7. The students taking notes were busy trying to write everything down. They felt like the class was going really fast, especially today. As expected, Siena, who finished the class about 10 minutes early, came down from the platform.
“That’s it for today. Instead, I have something to announce.”
The students were very compliant. The students were willing to eat rice seeds if it meant ending a class early.
“Early promotion has been decided. Shirone Arian, please stand up.”
Shirone was pleasantly surprised at the very sudden and very unexpected early promotion. His classmates, on the other hand, looked displeased. Early promotion was not uncommon. However, the problem was that the person getting promoted was Shirone.
“Shirone, you will be promoted to Class 5. Please make sure to check and follow your new schedule starting tomorrow. I hope the rest of you will also work harder to earn the same opportunity. That is all. Class dismissed.”

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 30 - Eye thorn (3) 12.txt
===============================
Chapter 30
The class became noisy. Class 5? It wasn’t just an early promotion, it was a ticket to the 2nd-highest floor. This was an unconventional decision not only for students but for the school as well.
“Teacher, I object! How can Shirone jump two classes? He can’t even use any magic.”
This was the first time Siena heard of such a thing. Ethella had also never mentioned it, but maybe she didn’t know either. After all, one never really used magic in the lower-level classes.
“Is that true, Shirone?”
His classmates looked back at Shirone. Their eyes seemed to be saying:
‘Please just say you can’t. Say you can’t.’
“Yes, there’s no magic I can use yet.”
“Hmm…”
Even so, there was no problem with early promotion. Magic was taught in earnest starting from class 5, and the curriculum of the lower class focused on strengthening the Spirit Zone.
Shirone had mastered the basics of the Four Way Formation, and the size and durability of his Spirit Zone were not inferior to those of the upper-leveled class. Therefore, in determining the exact class, five was quite appropriate.
But it was indeed quite unusual that he still couldn’t use magic. If you were a student, you were bound to try and use magic secretly. After all, the only reason one would ever come to the academy would be to learn magic.
“I, too, find it a bit questionable. However, there is no magic evaluation until Class 6. Shirone’s early promotion will progress as originally planned.”
“I can’t allow this!”
Mark, the implicit leader of Class 7, jumped to his feet. He was a student with a large square jaw to match his big size.
“How can you show such favoritism? Please, provide us a reason why. You said omniscience is just as important as omnipotence! I do not and cannot understand the special treatment given to Shirone!”
“That’s right! To be honest, even if I compete with him in terms of grades and achievements right at this moment, I’m confident that I’ll win! He can’t even keep up with the theory class!”
“If you promote Shirone early, I will present this situation to the student council and hold a hearing!”
The students’ protest was much stronger than expected. Even though they were young, they were all children who pushed through competition from Class 10. Siena had expected them to be spurred on by this happening, but they were burning with hostility as if facing an arch-nemesis.
‘There’s something I don’t know.’
Siena realized that the situation had turned pretty serious considering the look of the students’ faces who were set on fighting as if this was a war. If their resistance was this strong, it could adversely affect the class atmosphere, opposite to how she had originally hoped it would.
“This hasn’t been officially decided yet. Accurate notices will be announced after an instructor meeting. I will wrap up today’s class here.”
Siena, who returned to the instructor’s office, placed her chin on her hand and fell deep in thought.
Competition was inevitable due to the nature of this specialized academy. Also, the students were aware of this fact and voluntarily enrolled in the academy.
‘What was it? Those strange looks in the students’ eyes?’
It wasn’t simple jealousy. Early promotion had been around for a long time, but it was the first time that there was such a strong backlash to someone receiving it.
“Excuse me, Ms. Siena.”
A female student named Maria came to see Siena.
She was the oldest in Class 7, at 19 years of age. She has not been promoted for four years and has been drifting in place.
She was not lacking in talent at all, but because she had a timid and fearful personality, the academy pitied her, as they knew the atmosphere in the academy was not one that welcomed someone like her.
“Yes? What’s the matter, Maria?”
“Um… I have something to tell you.”
Maria, who was hesitant for a long time, confessed everything. What kind of treatment Shirone was currently facing in class, and why the children were so angry at the announcement a while ago.
As the story progressed further, Siena’s frown deepened more and more. They were tormenting Shirone with a method that was too foul to be considered a simple emotional quarrel.
As if they planned to do so, whenever they encountered Shirone, they would pretend to vomit, and there were many cases where they intentionally flocked around Shirone and talked among themselves.
Maria ended the story in tears.
“I’m not really affected by it now now, but looking back, I was treated like that once too, at least to a degree. At that time, I didn’t care about studying or anything. Honestly, I think Shirone is amazing. How can he be calm in such a situation?”
Siena grasped the full extent of the situation. One student was being ostracized by a group. Without fair competition, There was no reason for this academy to exist.
“Alright, thank you for telling me. I’ll take care of it from here.”
Shirone arrived at the dormitory around midnight. The bullying got worse ever since the early promotion was mentioned, so he found it better to just return early and read a book.
Knock, knock.
Someone knocked on the door. When he checked the time, it was already past 1 a.m.
‘Who is it at this hour?’
It was a time when students were unable to go out and for employees to leave work. Could it be that the kids came all this way to bully him?
He couldn’t easily approach the door because anxiety left him stunned, but he heard a familiar voice from the other side of the door.
“Shirone, are you sleeping?”
“Ms. Siena?”
Shirone hurriedly opened the door. It was really Ms. Siena.
“Can I come in?”
“Oh, yes. Come in.”
Was Ms. Siena on watch today? Her hair was still a bit wet as if she had recently come out from the shower.
The Intermediate class dormitory was not a place for female instructors to come and go at night, as students in their early 20s also resided here. However, Siena chose this time to interview him secretly away from his classmates.
Unlike the rooms of other male students, Shirone’s was very tidy and organized. Guessing from Shirone’s personality, she checked each book on the desk. There were textbooks as well as books on subjects that he had yet to learn.
‘So it’s true. His thought process is extraordinary.’
Without observing closely, one would think the books were spread open with no relation whatsoever, but if someone knowledgeable saw this, they would notice that all of them were very closely related fields.
Siena could roughly assume the reason why Shirone could not use magic yet. It was not because he couldn’t, but because he didn’t want to start yet.
‘He was weak in omniscience from the moment he entered the academy. He is desperately looking for ways to make up for his shortcomings. This kid doesn’t want to just learn magic… He wants to become a mage.’
Siena supported Shirone’s decision. The process of linking and finding the relationship between different fields was difficult, but it was a worthwhile one. This was because linked knowledge was never forgotten.
“Excuse me, teacher. Would you like a cup of tea?”
“No, it’s all right. I came here because I wanted to ask you something.”
As Siena sat on the bed, Shirone dragged over a desk chair. It was his first time seeing her face up so close. She looked much younger than during academy hours, perhaps because she had her hair down and was in plain clothes now. He lowered his head gently, feeling embarrassed for some reason.
Siena looked at him calmly.
‘He’s quite the shy boy. Is this his usual personality?’
His reaction was very unfamiliar to her because in class, Shirone would stare and focus so intensely at either the board or her that it seemed like he was trying to burn a hole with just his eyes.
“Isn’t academy life difficult?”
“Yes, but it’s fun. And I find it enjoyable to study.”
“…Why didn’t you tell me that the kids were bothering you?”
Shirone had already anticipated she’d ask that. In fact, it would have been stranger not to know. Due to recent events, the kids started to bully Shirone quite openly.
“It’s okay, you don’t have to worry about it.”
Siena, who heard of the student’s abusive actions from Maria, didn’t believe what Shirone said.
“You can be honest about this. It’s nothing to be ashamed of or embarrassed by.”
“It’s really okay. It’s a pity that I can’t make friends, but if they find me unlikeable, I can’t really do anything about it.”
“The bullying is what’s wrong.”
“Well, how people think of me and the emotions that come with it isn’t something I can just change on a whim. Of course, it was hard at first, but now I’m okay. I can’t help it if the kids of Class 7 don’t like me. But that doesn’t mean I’m hated by everyone in the world.”
Siena could understand. For some, the group they belonged to was everything to them, but to those looking up, such a group was no more than a stopover.
“I want to meet more people. And I believe there is someone out there who will listen to me more seriously.”
Shirone had an apparent attitude towards early promotion. If Ethella thought that he should be placed in Class 5 at the very least, then there was already someone who accepted Shirone without feeling inferior.
“Shirone, I certainly sense your determination. I’ll make mention of this at the instructors’ meeting.”
“And with this, we conclude the presentation of our discovery regarding Shirone’s early promotion.”
With headmaster Alpheas and the Intermediate class instructors in attendance, Siena submitted the documents relating to the case of Class 7 bullying and sat down.
The teachers who read the contents frowned. The circumstances in which Shirone was being persistently ostracized under the pretext of not being able to use magic were being revealed one after another, in detail.
“Does this even make sense? This is why they would bully a kid in their class? How… Disappointing.”
“It’s quite possible in the lower-level classes. There are many young children, and there are also students who have thick hair, but stay behind because they have no talent. After all, they’re only kids, and kids often lack the wisdom to make the right choices.”
“Then we’d better promote Shirone quickly. That child will be able to graduate in at least 4 years. Now that nearby academies are challenging the Alpheas Magic Academy, the more early graduates, the better.”
The age of graduates was also part of the data that proved the excellence of a specific academy. If an academy didn’t perform well enough to help students graduate in a timely manner, their credibility, along with the students’, would decrease.
“There are rumors flying around that the other academies are now stepping up in order to produce early graduates…”
It was a standard method used to elevate a normal academy to a prestigious one. After all, once that prestige was won, outstanding talents would gather, and then the quality of the class would also improve naturally.
In the face of severe checks from other academies, the solution the Alpheas Magic Academy came up with was to educate and focus on students with excellent quality in order to help them graduate earlier through the early promotion system. In that sense, the instructors had high expectations for Shirone.
“I, on the other hand, disapprove of this.”
Thadd raised his hand and voted against it. And automatically, Siena’s face wrinkled. At this time, considering the fact that early promotion had become a standardized reality, she was annoyed to death at seeing Thadd, once again, picking a fight. However, Alhpeas expressed interest in the first different opinion.
“Against it? Why is that?”
“I know that Shirone is talented, extremely talented, but the whole point of this case is focused on Shirone’s inability to use magic. That’s where the resistance of the children comes from. Shouldn’t we be talking about that?”
Siena spoke.
“I’ve already mentioned this, but sure, I’ll say it again. He’s not in a position where he can devote himself to one discipline. Instead, he’s focused on mastering all aspects of knowledge. Personally, I also think that this is the optimal way for Shirone to grow.”
“I’m not questioning that choice, the problem is that Ms. Siena favors him too much.”
” …What did you just say?”
“Anyway, the Class 7 children also attend the academy and they also study hard. I mean, the problem of Shirone not having enough time to acquire knowledge is not something we have control over. Most of the students who come to this academy prepare extensively beforehand because they know it’s gonna be hard. That’s why I don’t think it’s fair that Shirone gets a special pass in regards to the assessment because “he didn’t have enough time”. If not, why can’t other students be promoted early? Even if their Spirit Zone is weaker than Shirone’s, in theory, they have the upper hand.”
“Stop pettifogging! I’m not judging this case emotionally. It’s a conclusion based on pure academy regulations. The main thing that is truly evaluated in the lower-leveled classes is the Spirit Zone.”
“The problem is the students’ opposition. This incident may motivate them less. Are we instructors supposed to just bet everything on one genius, forgoing the other less genius students?”
“Well, it’s also not our job to just neglect those who are talented because of the misguided jealousy of other students!”
The two stood up, slamming their hands on the table at the same time. This was a common sight to see every time there was a meeting held.

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 31 - Teleportation(2) 4.txt
===============================
Chapter 31
Older instructors possessed looks of disapproval at the relentless debate. Nevertheless, the reason they remained silent was because the rank of the two that were arguing was higher.
Siena and Thadd were both active as certified Grade 6 mages while only being in their mid-20s. Not to mention Ethella, who was also the pride of the Alpheas Magic Academy.
The argument showed no sign of abating. Ethella tried to intervene, but no side yielded.
Alpheas was just smiling. If you didn’t have a passion to teach, it was impossible to fight like that.
Thadd wanted the development of his alma mater, while Siena wanted the growth of her students. If one was an instructor, they would have to side with Siena, but it wasn’t that they couldn’t understand Thadd’s side as well.
“I’ve heard both of your opinions well. I understand your positions, so let’s stop and take a seat.”
As soon as Alpheas’ words fell from his mouth, Siena and Thadd listened and stopped arguing like two obedient puppies. The only thing they had in common would be their respect for Alpheas.
“I find both sides’ arguments and points to be valid. Ms. Siena’s words are logical, but we’re also instructors. Shouldn’t we avoid prejudice and favoritism?”
“That’s exactly what I’m saying, headmaster.”
Thadd laughed and Sina was expressionless… But Alpheas wasn’t done. After carefully devising something, he revealed his idea with a big smile.
“That is why we should… How about it?”
A single official notice was pinned on the bulletin board of the Intermediate class building.
Dozens of students gathered in front of the bulletin board and were shocked at the contents of the official notice.
This was the first time in the history of the Alpheas Magic Academy that a promotion was open to a whole class. In this case, Class 7.
The main gist of the notice was this.
We are providing an early promotion opportunity for all of Class 7. We will only pick one person who is eligible for promotion and the moment they pass the exam, they will be promoted to Class 5. As we fully acknowledge the students’ concerns, this evaluation will be graded in terms of magic and not Spirit Zone.
The subject of evaluation is teleportation.
“T-Teleportation? I don’t know how to do it. Can you do it?”
“No, of course I can’t. It’s an official Class 5 designated magic.”
“I’ve done it once. But it was so scary that I don’t dare to try again.”
“You stupid! It’s easy if you follow the original formula. The problem is that it’s just so difficult to apply.”
The noisy children suddenly died down. Shirone was walking their way. Arriving at the bulletin board whilst under many different stares, he read the official notice. This was the conclusion reached by the instructors.
‘Teleportation.’
Shirone engraved the word and concept in his mind.
The so-called Class 7 bullying incident interested the upperclassmen. In particular, because the target was Shirone, there was a lot of talk due to that fact.
“Oh my God! Something like that happened? Amy, did you know?”
Amy, who only checked the bulletin board at the end of the day, read the official notice and frowned. When Sharelle informed her of the specifics of the rumors, her knuckles turned white.
‘You were being bullied? Is it because of me too?’
According to Sharelle, some of her classmates don’t even make eye contact when looking at Shirone. Moreover, there were some who even antagonized Amy during integrated classes.
“What do you think? I mean, they are kids from Class 7. Actually, I went through something similar, but since I was promoted quickly, nothing happened.”
“ Bullying and Isolation are not things that can be excused just because one is young. If we start thinking that it’s okay, then shouldn’t we be doing the same things? After all, we’re also young.
“We’re in Class 4. Magic requires maturity and a lot of mental and emotional control, so age can’t matter.
Amy didn’t want to argue about this or that. In fact, she couldn’t think of anything because her mind was a mess. Amy was just angry that Shirone was being tormented and was suffering.
“Stupid! Why didn’t he tell me?”
‘If he had been honest and discussed it with me, we could have come up with a better solution!’
She was certain they would have. Popularity aside, she was still at the top of Class 4. And Shirone was ‘dating’ her. Thinking about the possible things Shirone had to go through angered Amy. She was angry in fact that one could mistake her for the victim.
“I need to go see Shirone.”
“That’s no problem, but what are you going to do?”
“Well first, I’m going to hit him once. Then I’ll get all of Class 7 to assemble. I should be able to do at least that since we’re in a relationship.”
“What? Are you crazy?!”
“What do you mean? So you want me to sit still and do nothing? This happened because of me.”
“Gosh, you really don’t know men. Do you know why he didn’t tell you? It’s because it would hurt his pride. What do you think will happen if you go and assemble all of Class 7 hmm?”
Amy couldn’t understand. The only reason he didn’t even make eye contact with her was because he was scared of Class 7 children?
It was Amy whose pride was hurt by this incident.
“Men, you know, like to be recognized. Men live for pride and die for pride. But since he’s getting bullied, do you think he’d tell that to the girl he likes?”
There was some truth in what Sharelle was saying, but that was only in the case of those who were in a really loving relationship. How could she know that Shirone and Amy were in a fake relationship?
‘He must be thinking that he stepped on poop because of me. That’s why he’s avoiding me.’
Sharelle viewed the school’s initiative positively.
“But isn’t that a relief? If he passes the promotion exam, he will enter Class 5. They did really well in choosing teleportation as the subject of evaluation. All of the Class 7 students will need to learn from scratch.”
Amy’s thoughts were different. There was a difference between having a broad understanding of the magic type and understanding the specific spell.
And what’s more. It was teleportation magic.
When learning teleportation, the most important thing was to overcome fear. It was on a whole other level compared to flight magic in terms of speed and the perception of things during transit. Just knowing of the fact that you could teleport into something and lose your life was deterrent enough for many.
“Come to think of it, isn’t this a very dangerous test? What are the teachers thinking?”
“I’m sure they will adjust the difficulty level appropriately. They could also just be testing the students’ passion and bravery. More than half of Class 7 will probably take the test.”
“What? That much even though they’ve never been taught teleportation?”
“The passing reward is being raised up to Class 5. And it’s all about learning from scratch. If I were in their position, I would totally go for it.”
Amy couldn’t get rid of the uncomfortable feeling. Perhaps the students who took the test would practice intensively with help from their seniors or a dedicated teacher. It was clear that the students who were planning to take the exam would practice intensively with the help of their upperclassmen or with their exclusive instructor.
Shirone, on the other hand, was not so lucky. Having an exclusive teacher was definitely out of the picture, and he did not even have any friends to ask for advice.
‘At this point, what if he doesn’t succeed?’
Although Shirone’s talent was acknowledged, in the short run, the exam could never guarantee his passing.
“Right! Amy, why don’t you help? Take this opportunity to make up with him.”
“Hmph! He didn’t even say a word about being bullied, you think he’ll accept my help? I’m just going to keep pretending like I know nothing.”
“Ugh, you guys are really something. If you like each other, just like each other. What’s the problem with you two?”
“Mind your own business, this is our way of dating. It’s not like I’m free anyway. The Advanced class promotion exam is just around the corner.”
“Oh, right! I forgot about that. Sorry.”
Nothing was more important to a student than promotion. No matter how smart Amy was, she couldn’t afford to lose focus if she wanted to overcome the high barrier of being promoted to the Advanced class.
“He’ll be fine on his own. If he can’t do even that, he shouldn’t be allowed to be called my lover.”
Turning away from the bulletin board, Amy continued to speak inwardly.
‘Even if he’s a fake one.’
Around midnight.
A masked figure infiltrated the garden of the men’s dormitory. As they moved forward, no sound could be heard, not even the rustling of grass. When they checked that the light on the 7th floor of the building was on, they scratched their head in annoyance.
‘I am NOT doing this because it bothers me. I’m only helping because I feel a sense of responsibility!’
Amy ground her teeth. Even though she tried to forget and move on, she couldn’t concentrate on her studying because she was worried about Shirone.
“Y’all better watch your backs! I’ll make you all kneel and beg for forgiveness once Shirone passes!”
Amy climbed the wall to the 7th floor. If rumors spread that she had crossed the threshold of the men’s dormitory at night, she would not be able to carry her head high anymore. But at the same time, her old playfulness went nowhere.
‘Hoho, since this is already happening, may as well surprise him enough to make his heart jump out of his ribcage.’
Amy did a forward roll as soon as she opened the window. The calculations were made upon her landing. She was going to subdue Shirone and throw him on the bed. Then twist his arm to the point that it would make him scream.
“Huh?”
But Amy couldn’t even take one step. Shirone stared at her with eyes that screamed surprise. And next to him was Ms. Siena, who was sitting on a chair.
“T-Teacher?”
“Are you… Amy?”
Siena adjusted her glasses and looked again. It was clear that the trespasser was Amy as she was the only student with red hair and thick, double-eyelid eyes.
She knew Amy was dating Shirone, but she thought that they were both focusing on their own goals. However, after she thought about it once more, and considering the current situation, she couldn’t help but feel that what they were doing was absurd and deceitful.
“Do you guys meet like this all the time? Pretending you don’t know each other during the day whilst secretly enjoying meetings at night?”
“I-It’s a misunderstanding! That is a huge misunderstanding!”
Siena hurriedly placed a finger over her mouth.
“Shh! The room over will hear.”
Amy covered her mouth and looked at the room next door. This was the men’s dormitory. If rumors spread that a woman’s voice was heard in Shirone’s room, the first suspect would unconditionally be herself. Well, even if that happened, she had nothing to say.
“No, wait! Forget about me for a second, what brings you here? At this hour?”
Come to think of it, it was Ms. Siena who didn’t fit in this situation the most. This was because there was no reason for a teacher to come in plain clothes at night.
“Please, do say. Why are you here at this hour?”
Amy’s reasonable misunderstanding flushed Siena’s cheeks. However, she quickly returned to her original state and spoke coldly.
“I’m here to give Shirone some advice about the promotion exam. I didn’t think it would be good to stand out by showing everyone that I’m helping him, so this is how I do it.”
If the promotion test was the reason, then Amy had nothing to say. It was because she went for that same exact reason herself.
“Um… Excuse me, senior.”
Shirone, who prepared tea, held out a cup to Amy and spoke.
“First, here’s a cup of tea…”
“Hmm…”
Amy took the cup and savored the aroma. As a polite lowerclassman, he had the basic posture of welcoming a guest.
“…As if! This all happened because of you!”
“S-Sorry!”
As Shirone apologized, Amy was even more annoyed. Because of that nice temperament of his, he was currently being pushed around by those lowlives.
“Sit down for now. I want to finish what we were talking about.”
Siena offered a seat. Amy sat next to Shirone and quickly turned her body away from him. Because although she did come because she was worried, she was still angry with him.
“As you guys know, the evaluation will be on teleportation. The headmaster made the decision himself.”
“The headmaster?”
Amy finally understood the situation. She thought it was a test that was not suitable for Class 7, but since it was the playful headmaster who decided it, that explained it all to her.
“Yes. To be honest, I don’t understand his intentions either. Teleportation is a dangerous magic.”
Amy asked.
“The test will probably be done at ‘The Bridge That Cannot Be Crossed’, right?”
“I’m not quite sure, but that’s the only place I can think of.”

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 32 - Teleportation(3) 10.txt
===============================
Chapter 32
The Bridge That Cannot Be Crossed was a bridge that connected two mountain peaks that were both about a thousand meters above sea level, the highest amongst the training grounds. The bridge was 700 meters long, and a torrent flowed down the valley.
“How come it’s a bridge that cannot be crossed?”
Amy explained why.
“It’s literally a bridge you can’t cross. It’s a training ground for teleportation practice. The level of difficulty ranges from 1 to 10, and I, despite being a Class 4, have to risk my life from level 8 or higher.”
Siena added.
“The promotion exam was adjusted to a difficulty level of 1. Currently, there are no obstacles. Since it’s impossible for Class 7 children to even jump* 700 meters.”
PR/N: Another way of talking about teleportation in this context.
Amy questioned.
“Huh? Then how are things going to work? Isn’t the first person to arrive the one that gets promoted then?”
“The student who leaps the furthest will be selected. It won’t be too dangerous. There will be safety devices as well as teachers from the Advanced class overseeing things. The problem is the students. There are many cases where they collide with each other if their competitiveness gets a bit excessive.”
In Amy’s opinion, that was the difficult part of the exam. But since it was a test for early promotion for those in Class 7, such a thing would probably not happen. But nevertheless, it was still Shirone who was most disadvantaged.
“How about this method? From the beginning, Shirone will go all out before anyone else does. Of course, it will take a lot of mental energy, but I’m sure Shirone can do it.”
“I was thinking the same. That’s why I’m going to be training Shirone from today onwards.”
“What? Really? You will?”
Amy opened her eyes wide in bewilderment. A teacher of Ms. Siena’s caliber being in charge of a particular student was frankly unfair to the other students. Knowing this, Amy was worried that if someone found out that Ms. Siena was teaching Shirone privately, strange rumors would appear.
“How come Ms. Siena is going so far to help Shirone?”
“This incident is something I’m responsible for. My original intention was to list Shirone under Class 5 from the start, but my proposal was rejected due to opposition from other teachers. If things had gone the way I planned, Shirone wouldn’t have been bullied in the first place.”
“But if some kind of a rumor spreads, the problem will grow. I’m sure other students will also learn and study teleportation with help from others, but Shirone’s a special case. If word gets out that a teacher is in charge of handling Shirone, the students could complain that the test was rigged from the start. And this test is too good of an opportunity to risk that. Let’s not do that, I’ll be in charge of Shirone for the time being. I can teach him everything he needs to know if the level of difficulty is only 1.”
Siena shook her head.
“If I remember correctly, you recently applied for the Advanced Class promotion. Wouldn’t it be better for you to focus on that? You don’t have the time to worry about Shirone.”
“Huh? Really?”
Shirone asked, seemingly unable to believe it. Nobody applied for the promotion this early in the school year. And the fact that Amy would be the very first one to apply meant that she was going to have to tackle things blindly.
‘I see. That’s amazing.’
Shirone was grateful that she came to see him despite the fact she was most definitely busy preparing for the exam. However, the situation was now heading in a different direction from the nice, heartwarming atmosphere Shirone was expecting. The two women, whose prides were lit on fire, did not back down even a single step.
“No matter how busy I am, I can make time to help him with something as simple as teleportation, so I think you should be the one to back off on this one, teacher. Rather, such meddling could have a negative effect on Shirone.”
“As a teacher who knows that this is a very important period for a student such as yourself, I can’t just let things be. You can only apply for the Advanced Class exam once a year. Don’t you think it’d be better to leave things to the teacher and focus on the exam?
Both had smiles on their faces, but contrary to their lips, their eyes remained serious and their wills unbending. Realizing that they would not reach a consensus, they looked towards Shirone one last time.
“Shirone, you choose. Is it me or teacher? Of course, it would be better for your girlfriend to teach you.”
“Yes, Shirone. You should decide. Wouldn’t I be the better choice instead of a student who is about to take thier Advanced Class exam?”
Despite their friendly voices, Shirone felt a sort of veiled threat underneath the facade. However, Shirone was not swayed by their argument and confessed what he had originally thought of.
“I’ll just do things myself. Thank you, but I don’t need any help.”
The women were speechless.
“Getting help from a teacher is against equality. But I also don’t want to get help from an upperclassman who is about to take an important exam. I’ll try my best to pass this exam on my own.”
“You idiot! The other kids will, at the very least, take private lessons to pass! And everyone is keeping an eye on you! Keeping you in check! I’m telling you, you are not at the level to try and do things on your own!”
“I don’t care.”
“Huh?”
“I honestly admire the fact that you plan to take the Advanced Class exam blind. Frankly, I think it’s amazing. It’s as if you’re making a statement to those below you. That if you can’t do it, then no one else will be able to do it either.”
“Yes? That’s… That’s true, but…”
“It’s the same for me. I will do my best and pass. As your boyfriend, I will not bring shame to you.”
Realizing how strong Shirone’s determination was, Amy could no longer object. But above all, she was grateful to him for acknowledging and respecting her decision.
“Humph. O-Of course you should.”
No one was chosen by Shirone, but looking at the atmosphere, it was Amy’s victory this time.
Siena stood up, adjusting her glasses.
“If that’s what the student wants, then this teacher will accept. But whenever you’re stuck on something, don’t be afraid to ask. All my students get to do that, so there is no fairness argument that can be found there.”
“I will, thank you for your concern.”
As Siena walked towards the door to leave, she said something to Amy.
“I have no choice but to let it slide this one time, but from now on, refrain from entering the male’s dormitory. If you get caught next time, you may get punished.”
Amy lowered her head, grateful for Ms. Siena. Even in her opinion, she could only say that she was very lucky today.
When Siena left, an awkward silence came upon them.
Shirone, despite the calm facade he put forward, could not say one word as this was the first time he was in a room alone with a woman of his age.
Amy was also swept away by the strange atmosphere. She came all this way with the intention of teaching him a lesson, but now she found herself fidgeting in front of Shirone.
“W-Well, then… I’ll get going, too.”
“Oh, yes! Thank you, you know, for worrying about me.”
Amy sighed with relief and prepared to head back. Then, as if something suddenly came to mind, she looked back at Shirone and shouted.
“You idiot! Why didn’t you tell me? If that kind of thing happened, you should have discussed it with me.”
“I’m sorry, but I didn’t want to tell you.”
“Because of pride? That’s stupid.”
“Rather than that… It’s because I didn’t want to break up with you.”
Amy’s cheeks heated up.
“If I did tell the truth, it would’ve only made things more awkward between us. But I want to continue to have a good relationship with you. Because reaching you is my goal.”
Shirone remembered his first day at the magic academy. From the moment he saw the name Amy Karmis at the top of the Class 4 list, he swore to himself that he would catch up to her.
“I will definitely catch up to you. So please do your best, too.”
Despite being in a good mood, Amy was burdened. In fact, she had similar feelings due to the incident with Black Magician.
“Then don’t just call me ‘upperclassman’ from now on.”
“What?”
“We’re the same age anyway, and I acknowledge you, so don’t call me upperclassman from now on.”
“But…”
“I’m saying that I feel bad! What the hell is that? Acting like you follow and obey me while calling me ‘senior’ or ‘upperclassman’, but in reality, you’re actually coming after me? Stop being so coy and stand next to me and challenge me proudly!”
The specific Class in the magic academy was also a matter of social status. When she said not to treat her as a senior, it meant that she thought of Shirone as an equal.
“Instead, hurry and catch up! If you blabber with only your mouth and continue to stay down there pathetically, I will dump you, okay?”
Amy walked towards the window with a face flushed red. Since she couldn’t leave through the door, she had to go out the unorthodox way.
“Amy.”
Amy jumped and looked back when Shirone called. Embarrassed, she thought she looked back too quickly when Shirone called out.
But Shirone’s eyes were burning brightly, almost to the point it was scary. As soon as she met his eyes, her stupid feelings disappeared in an instant.
“I will definitely catch up. Please wait for me in the Advanced class.”
Amy’s eyes bent like a seagull. Her smile was hidden behind her mask, but she was clearly smiling.
“Hmph. I’ll have already graduated by then. Feel free to chase after me. If you can, that is.”
Amy jumped out the window. By the time Shirone looked out the window, she had already disappeared.
He sighed. Shirone pretended to be strong, but it was true that he had no idea where to start.
“Teleportation…”
There was a month left until the promotion exam. He had to somehow learn teleportation in that time frame. First, he went to the library and raked up all the books about teleportation magic. Contrary to his expectations that there would be none in stock, it was actually not difficult to get them.
‘Rumor has it that about 20 students are going to take the promotion test. In the end, all of them study in their own special way without relying on books.’
“My, my… I might actually fail this time around.”
Shirone calmed his anxious mind and steadily learned the basic concept of teleportation.
One of the greatest discoveries in the history of magic: the theory of photonization. It was a type of magic that turned the mage’s body into light.
The thing of importance was the property of light, which was too difficult to understand with the human head.
Light had no relative velocity, did not even contain mass, and even had the properties of particles and waves at the same time. But Kergos obtained great insight from its abstruse nature. By using the absoluteness of light that had no relative velocity, it was possible to quickly jump through space.
By adopting the photonization theory as omniscience, anyone could successfully teleport. That was why it was such a great discovery.
However, the problem of control arose. Since teleportation was instant, calculating using the brain could easily lead to death.
‘Understandable. Since we can’t calculate the speed of 10 to the power of 20.’
Shirone continued to read books. It was said that mages divided the speed of light into four main categories: ultra, super, sub, and semi.
Ultrlight speed was faster than light, and in theory, time-slip magic was possible. But so far, it was an unknown area that no mage had reached.
Therefore, the most outstanding mages of light among humans were those who used super-light speed. They could learn Stop magic, which was labeled as something under the realm of gods. However, there were only a handful of mages who reached that level throughout history.
In the end, most of the professional mages who deal with light had their skills divided and categorized in the realm of sub-light speed.
According to the definition of the mages, sub-light speed was ‘a speed that transcends the maximum speed of matter, but was much slower than that of light.’
The sub-light speed was also the basic omnipotence of space movement. In super-light speed, it would take no time to travel, but with sub-light speed, it took seconds.
Shirone read the book in amazement, but all the information had yet to reach reality for him. What he had to worry about was the last speed of light, the semi-light speed.
The definition of the semi-light speed given by the mages was that it was ‘a speed that transcends the maximum speed of any living organism, but was much slower than sub-light speed.’
Therefore, even if teleportation had the property of light, it was possible to capture the path with the human eye.
Since it was not at a speed that could distort space, an irreversible mishap may occur if you mistake your surrounding environment.
‘The moment I miss even one detail, it’s over. Even if the photonization theory reduces our mass, hitting something would still be fatal due to the speed.’
He realized why Siena emphasized that there would be no obstacles on The Bridge That Cannot Be Crossed. Teleporting itself was dangerous. However, she had said that there were no specific countermeasures for clashes between students.
‘Can I really do it? With just the basic formula?’

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 33 - Teleportation(4) 5.txt
===============================
Chapter 33
Moving from point A to point B took no more than 1 second. It was quite difficult to calculate variables in your head since you were limited to that 1-second time frame. And above all, due to the nature of teleportation, short distances had to be repeated several times, meaning multiple calculations.
“Ah, I get it now.”
Shirone slapped his forehead. You couldn’t calculate with your head, but you could still feel with your intuition.
Just as the number of leaves in a tree could be counted through the Spirit Zone, the speed of light was also perceivable through insight.
This was exactly what Alpheas wanted. A magic that anyone could utilize, but not everyone could master.
Shirone gained confidence. Although he lagged behind in terms of omniscience, he had been honing and polishing his omnipotence every day since he was 12 years old.
30 days left until the exam.
Shirone did his best to expand his knowledge of Kergos’ theory on photonization. After class, he spent night and day digging through the books in his dormitory. After 20 days of doing so, he could no longer find a book that could offer him anything new.
So from that day onwards, he started visiting a training ground dedicated to Class 7. The training ground was empty, presumably because his classmates had better, more private training areas.
Shirone combined the omniscience of the photonization theory with the omnipotence of the Spirit Zone. He found it difficult to grasp the feeling because this was his first attempt.
Shirone stood between omniscience and omnipotence. In that state, as soon as Shirone erased himself, the omniscience and omnipotence grew an affinity with each other. They then attached themselves as the magic activated.
Shirone cast the magic while in a state of trance. As he felt his body disintegrate, a light flashed before his eyes. At the same time, he bobbed his head to move forward, the distorted world crashing down on him.
“AHHHHH!”
Shirone, after traveling 5 meters, rolled on the floor. He felt like all the bones in his body were breaking.
“Ughh…”
As he grit his teeth and endured the pain, the word ‘failure’ got engraved in his mind. If the mass was not completely reduced by the photonization, the impact force from the speed would follow. Hard.
It was a magic too dangerous to try alone.
However, Shirone, who had no upperclassmen to ask for advice, let alone a private teacher, had no choice but to learn by tackling it with his body. And while yes Amy and Ms. Siena offered to help, he could not accept either. He chose not to out of principle.
‘I won’t give up. I’ll definitely succeed.’
From that day onwards, Shirone went through numerous trials and errors to correct anything he was doing wrong. An ignorant method at first glance, but in the end, only muscle memory would remain when facing the actual test.
A few days later, a mysterious person suddenly appeared on the training grounds and started watching Shirone. They could have been a spy sent by someone, but Shirone didn’t care. There was no other suitable place to train.
How many times did he roll on the floor and bust his lips on the ground? He had bruises all over his body while his muscles did not forget to ache each time he woke up in the morning.
The day before the exam.
With ten minutes to go before midnight, Shirone stumbled back to his position.
“Never give up… Never give up…”
His throat was dry and sore from inhaling all the dust. He stood in the center of the training ground with half-open eyes.
He had corrected most of his mistakes by this point. All he had to learn now was perseverance in front of pain and gain the will to overcome fear.
Shirone couldn’t move. He was too afraid to teleport. His stamina had fallen to the point that it could no longer get any lower, while his bones and muscles were bruised so bruised that just a light brush of anything left them throbbing in pain.
“Let’s do it… I have to do it…”
Shirone muttered these words as his consciousness began to fade. He was mentally knocked out. But maybe that was a good thing as he did not have to put in any effort to erase himself.
“Te…Teleportation.”
Shirone’s body stretched 10 meters out. His speed was not comparable to light, but to the naked eye, it seemed as if he was.
After arriving at point B, Shirone hurriedly straightened his upper body as it was about to drop forward.
He just stood there for a long time. He didn’t feel it. This time around, he didn’t feel any pain.
“Hehe… I did it.”
Then the midnight bell rang loud.
Hearing the reverent sound, Shirone dropped to the ground from his standing position. The smell of dirt irritated the tip of his nose.
The result of the 30 days of training was only 10 meters. But still, this was the first time he had successfully leaped 10 meters.
‘How much farther can I go with this?’
To cross the Bridge That Cannot Be Crossed, he had to cast a minimum of 70 teleportation magics as the bridge was 700 meters in length. Furthermore, since this was a race, he had to pay careful attention to his stamina as well.
Casting a single teleportation magic was much more costly than casting a single attack magic.
This was because it was simply better to just run fast rather than use teleportation that only moved you 10 meters forward. It was more efficient.
Ultimately, the key was connectivity.
If you could not cast it consecutively, teleportation was a magic one was better off not using.
If one arrived at their destination in a fully photonized state, the inertia would disappear. And thanks to this, the mage’s body would not shatter and be destroyed due to the inertia.
‘I don’t have time for this. I shouldn’t be lying down. I have to practice a little more. At the very least, I should be reinforcing the connecting part…’
Shirone’s determination remained the same, but sadly he couldn’t lift a finger. His consciousness was tugged into an abyss, and Shirone’s eyelids closed gently.
And just like that, the morning dawned.
Mark opened the window and enjoyed the fresh morning breeze. He stretched and went into the bathroom to wash his face. The smile on his face did not fade while he got changed.
Today was going to be a historic day in his life.
‘Promoting from Class 7 at full speed. Haha. I’m already looking forward to the kind of treatment Class 5 will give me.’
Mark was incredibly strong at the young age of 15. In the magic world, physical appearance was not very important, but young children were still intimidated by height. And in addition to that, he was gifted with magic talent, so there was no brave soul who dared to bother him in Class 7. Thanks to that, he gained this opportunity by driving Shirone into a corner, so knowing that he made this opportunity fall into his hands, it strengthened his pride.
“How do you feel, young master?”
A slender man opened the door and greeted Mark. It was the mage who taught Mark teleportation for a month. Although Mark was pressed for time to hire someone quickly, he managed to find someone who was a certified Grade 9 mage.
“All right. How about Shirone?”
“Still the same. Even if teleportation is easy to learn, there is a limit to training alone. Even if he takes the promotion exam, he won’t even be able to come close to the young master.”
“Hmm. But I shouldn’t let my guard down. His Spirit Zone is bigger than mine.”
Mark was satisfied with what he had just said. It was often said that the weakness of genius was laziness. But Mark thought himself different. In his head, with his natural talent and hard-working character, there was no way he could lose against Shirone.
“By the way, how many kids are participating in the operation?”
“As of yesterday, four.”
“That’s quite small. After all, receiving private tutoring from a certified mage is rare.”
“They either do not know their limits or are simply ignorant. Or maybe too prideful.”
Mark snorted at the thought of the students who refused to participate in the operation. Those losers who had not a speck of talent were blinded by the opportunity for early promotion and kicked off the lucky chance with their feet.
‘Well, whatever floats their boats. Let them do whatever they want. I’m the one who will get promoted anyway. It’s Mark Slider’s victory.’
The House of Slider was not very high up in the social class. However, despite being 3rd-class nobles, most of the family members worked for the Magic Association, so in the magic society, they had a pretty significant influence.
In any competition, if there was an upper rank, there of course would also be a lower rank. Mark decided to draw in half-baked kids with poor grades to form an operational group. When he offered to help them get a job at the association after graduation, several chose to come over. They concluded that it was more realistic to make a deal than to pass through the eye of a needle.
“Four people are enough. We can just crush him from the beginning.”
“How about teleportation”
Mark opened the door and gave a thumbs-up as he walked out.
“Perfect. I will cross over 700 meters with my eyes closed.”
“I wish you all the best, Young Master.”
The certified Grade 9 mage was courteous to Mark ’til the end. From his perspective, he was a distant lowerclassman, but Mark was the son of his employer, who was a technical advisor at the Magic Association.
Mark headed to the Intermediate class building. There was no class because it was the day of the promotion exam, but students who were not participating in the exam remained and were studying on their own. Mark also visited this place for a meeting with the operation team.
As expected, the expressions of the students self-studying on their own were not good. It was because of the sense of shame they had for knowing they did not have a chance in the exam.
Mark enjoyed a sense of superiority whenever he looked at their faces. He burst out laughing when he thought that the kids who were left in the classroom today would probably be polishing shoes after going out to society.
“Yo, Maria! Are you giving up on the exam?”
Mark raised his hand at Maria, who was approaching from afar. Then Maria’s face turned pale. She had become an outcast ever since she filed a complaint to Siena about Shirone’s bullying.
Mark looked abhorrently at the helpless Maria.
‘Tsk. This bat-like girl. She goes out and snitches on us, forgetting the times we used to bully together? So old and so useless. Why the hell is this thing even attending the academy?’
Frightened Maria spoke first.
“Mark, you didn’t go to the training ground? Are you going to self-study like us?”
“Haha! You seriously think that? I’m not you. I just came here to meet my friends because I have some time to kill.”
Maria, who was being condescended by Mark who was four years younger, turned gloomy. However, she couldn’t even blame anyone because she was the one who lacked the talent and skills.
“Forget me, what are you doing here? What difference can you make by studying today? That’s why your grades look like that. Come up to the training ground and take a look. Watch us. Observe. Observing those who are talented is also another form of studying, you know.”
“Yes, I guess so…”
Maria gave an awkward smile while listening to Mark. She just wanted to end the conversation quickly and leave.
“W-Well, then, good luck. I really hope you pass.”
“Kekeke! Do you really think so?”
Maria’s heart sank at Mark’s sneering.
“I’ve only tolerated you for so long because you were in the same class as me. But if I become an upperclassman, you better be prepared. I won’t forget the time you snitched on us.”
Maria urgently tried to make an excuse, but her mind went blank and she couldn’t think of anything. In the end, she resigned and ended up bowing her head as she walked off.
Mark snorted while watching her walk away. He entered the classroom where the operation team gathered. Four classmates were waiting in the empty classroom.
Three men and one woman. They were students who had been training for a month to interfere with Shirone’s path. In particular, the place they focused on was the situation that would happen within 100 meters.
Shirone for sure knew he was being kept in check, so he was definitely going to go all out in the beginning. Eliminating him by using any method possible before that happens was the key.
They had to be careful since a deliberate collision could lead to them being disciplined, but from Mark’s point of view, it didn’t matter if they crashed into him. He thought so because he felt that their sacrifice was equal to the compensation he was going to give them.
“So how is it? You guys must have set up a plan, right?”
“Yes. As soon as the exam starts, the two of us will cling to Shirone. In the meantime, the other two will cover you. If Shirone breaks free from us, we’ll at least have another two waiting.”
The number of opportunities they had to fail Shirone was at most two times. However, considering his victory was going to be determined within the first 100 meters in the exam, Mark was pretty satisfied with the plan.
Shirone’s leaping distance was probably a standard of 10 meters. If so, the operation team needed to bring him down within the first 10 times they cast teleportation magic.
“I won’t forget your help today. I will lead you guys if I get an early promotion.”
“Okay. We’ll be trusting you.”
Mark was satisfied. Everything was going according to plan. He was going to be the winner.
“Great! Shall we get started?”

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 34 - Teleportation(5) 2.txt
===============================
Chapter 34
Teleportation training grounds.
One after another, students arrived at the peak that was 1,000 meters above sea level. Since there were no classes, students from other classes were also there.
After today, a student from Class 7 was going to be promoted to Class 5.
Considering that it usually took an average of two years to pass one class, in the worst-case scenario, it was possible for a student who was 4 years younger than the average to be attending a class meant for older students.
“Wow! So this is the Bridge That Cannot Be Crossed! It’s my first time up here.”
The participating students were amazed by the enormous size of the training ground. Instructors and students were also gathered on the opposite peak, 700 meters away.
“But why is it called the Bridge That Cannot Be Crossed? Where even is the bridge?”
“Idiot. It’s over there.”
A long iron bar connected the two peaks. As the length increased, the tension dropped. The fact that the bar stretched out 700 meters indicated that it was an alchemical material.
A few students walked to the cliff and looked down. Contrary to what the instructors had told them, there were no safety devices, let alone anything that looked similar to it.
“What the hell? Won’t you die if you fall?”
Thadd, who leaped over the peak with Spatial Warp, spoke to them.
“You don’t have to worry. There are safety devices.”
The students were not reassured. In fact, they heard that in another academy, a student had actually died during teleportation practice.
“How does it activate?”
“If you fall 100 meters, the Air Net Magic gets automatically activated. It was designed to be invisible so you guys push yourselves not to fall.”
“What if it malfunctions?”
“Hahaha! I can’t say that it’s impossible. But so far, nothing like that has happened before.”
“So there’s no guarantee that we’ll be absolutely safe?”
“Well, so to speak, yes.”
The students paled. Then Thadd turned around with a smug look. Even if the safety device broke, there would be no accident. That’s why all the classes were canceled and why all the instructors were told to gather here.
However, even if an accident were to occur, there was not much anyone could do. The magic academy was a special-purpose academy supported by the kingdom, so it was part of the rule not to blame anyone for an accident, even if someone was injured or killed during class. Students were already aware of this fact before applying for the Intermediate class.
“It’s been a long time since I’ve been here. Amy, let’s go that way.”
Sharelle grabbed Amy’s hand and dragged her up the hill. Amy looked like she didn’t want to go, but she eventually followed as Sharelle led her.
“I said I don’t want to see it. It’s a Class 7 exam! The results are obvious.”
“Oh, look at this girl! What are you saying when your boyfriend is about to proudly go up to Class 5? How will you ever score some points with your boyfriend if you don’t do it on a day like this?”
“Tsk! What’s the point of cheering? Whether I cheer or not, those who are bound to fail will fail, and those that are bound to pass will pass.”
Amy was pretending to be unconcerned, but she was quite bothered inside. How much did his mastery of teleportation go up? Could he even teleport?
Practical training was the best way to grasp the feel of teleportation. However, since the process was so painful, the advice given by experienced professionals was to learn the tips and tricks first.
Amy, on the other hand, was literally the type of person who learned by tackling with her body. Of course, it was not too painful for her since she had Schema to rely on.
‘But it’s different for Shirone. He’s not one to give up. I hope he’s in good shape.’
Class 7 had some remarkable talents. Depending on the situation, it would not be too unusual if Shirone failed.
“Huh? I don’t think Shirone is here yet.”
When Sharelle, who was looking through the peak with a telescope, said that, Amy snatched the telescope away. As she said, among the 20 students standing on the cliff, Shirone was not one of them.
“What? What happened?”
“You don’t think he failed, right?”
She couldn’t guarantee it. She also believed in him because he was Shirone, but in all honesty, teleportation was not a magic that could be easily learned on one’s lonesome.
‘You idiot… Where the hell are you? What in the world are you doing?’
Shirone opened his eyes, squinting against the bright, warm sunlight. Visibility was low and the sky was higher than usual. When a jay flew up in front of his eyes, he came to his senses.
“AHH! What’s this?”
Looking around, he noticed he was in the middle of the training ground. He did not wake up once ever since he collapsed and lost consciousness last night.
Ever since he started practicing and studying teleportation, Shirone only slept for three hours a day. Plus, on the final week, he overworked his body to the point he dropped dead.
“Promotion test!”
Cold sweat dripped down Shirone’s back. He rushed out of the training ground without even having the time to feel disappointed in himself. To climb 1,000 meters above sea level, he had to start running like crazy, no matter what his condition was.
‘Please! Please!’
“We’ll start, Headmaster.”
“Mm, do begin.”
As Siena burst the Illumination magic toward the sky. Tension enveloped the training ground. Ethella, who noticed the illumination from the opposite peak, looked back at the students and spoke.
“Once my signal goes off, run to the cliff. Whoever teleports the furthest will pass the promotion exam.”
The students gulped loudly, their mouths dry. The difficulty of the Bridge That Cannot Be Crossed was level 1, so there were no obstacles, but the fear of moving through empty space shook them to their core.
Regardless of rank or whatnot, they had to link at least 70 teleportations to safely reach the other end. Moreover, if their rhythm broke in the middle, even their Spirit Zone would disappear due to their fear of falling.
‘We can’t cross the whole thing, anyway. We will eventually fall… But what if the safety device doesn’t work?’
Most of the students were stiff with tension because it was human psychology to not fully believe something unless seen. Mark and the operation team were the only ones who could manage to stay a little more relaxed.
‘Hmph. I trained every day. I can easily leap 70 times if no one just gets in my way.’
The variable was that Shirone was absent. The mage dedicated to Mark reported that Shirone’s progress was slow, but it was true that Mark didn’t believe the report until he saw it with his own eyes. But since Shirone wasn’t there, he thought that he was uselessly nervous over a nobody.
‘Teleportation. I see he couldn’t learn it. Well, he never had anything else but his Spirit Zone to show.’
The person most anxious due to Shirone’s absence was Amy. Her unconcerned facade disappeared and she began walking back and forth uneasily near the cliff.
“Gosh! What happened?! Why isn’t he coming!”
“Amy, look over there!”
Sharelle pointed to the opposite peak. When Amy checked with the telescope, she saw Shirone running to the top. It looked like he rolled around on the ground somewhere because his clothes were covered with dust and his face was beet red.
“What the hell has he been doing until now?”
Sharelle let out a sigh of relief.
“That’s a relief, though. He arrived on time. But he must be tired. I wonder if he’ll be okay?”
“Whatever! Who cares?! I’m just relieved that he didn’t drop out!”
‘Anyways, seeing as how he managed to get to the training ground, it seems like he can teleport.’
When they saw that his lips were busted open and his arms were black and blue, they could vaguely imagine how extreme Shirone’s training was. Amy regained her senses and looked around.
“It’s quite windy today. This is going to be a tough test.”
Although not as much as flying magic, teleportation was not completely unaffected by wind speed and pressure. The students could not lose their concentration for even a moment in this test.
At the appearance of Shirone, the gazes of the students hardened. Thinking he had given up, they were caught off guard by his sudden appearance.
“Tsk! He probably did that on purpose to mess with us.”
“He’s a wolf in sheep’s clothing. Does he want to be promoted even after doing such a cowardly trick?”
It was true that his appearance shocked some of the kids, but Shirone was the one who was most at a disadvantage due to his current state.
Ethella got troubled when she saw Shirone panting. Since he arrived before the start of the exam, there was no problem with him taking it. However, he was not in a shape comparable to everyone else
‘Will there be no issues with inequality if we proceed like this?’
She launched an orange Illumination spell into the sky. Blue meant ready, red was to start the exam, and orange was for a question.
Instructors who saw Ethella’s flare shared opinions. There were mixed opinions. One side stated that they should start right now while another stated that they should wait for 10 minutes to give Shirone a break.
“What do you think, Headmaster?”
Alpheus was adamant.
“Let’s start. Being in control of your condition before an exam shows competence. I do not believe it is a matter we should concern ourselves with.”
“Alright, then…”
Siena conveyed the message to continue with a red flare. Shirone cut in between the students standing in a row. The person who kindly stepped aside to make space for him was someone who was part of Mark’s operation.
The students were all nervous. After all, no matter what special training they went through, teleporting across a 1,000-meter cliff was another matter entirely. It was an uncharted territory where all of them had an equal opportunity to get through.
“Then starting now, we will begin the early promotion exam of Class 7. Get ready.”
The students took a running stance. Once only the sounds of heartbeats could be heard, Ethella cast the Illumination magic.
A red sphere soared into the sky with a bang. The instructors on the other side were flipping through the files, ready to record.
The students shot off from the ground.
‘The lead! I have to take the lead!’
‘I might have a chance if I start first and take the lead!’
Most students had similar ideas. Shirone, whose legs had pretty much no strength, was forced to fall behind.
But Shirone was not bothered for there was still a chance to make up for the loss. Depending on the person’s determination, the point they would cast teleportation before reaching the edge of the cliff would be different. The best method was to reach the edge, jump off, and then teleport.
But how many people could do that? The starting line was the point that held the highest tension amongst the competitors. Also, the Bridge That Cannot Be Crossed was 1 kilometer above sea level.
Wind speed, wind direction, and air pressure. All these factors differed in comparison to the environment they trained in. If they jumped off with their bare body and their magic failed, that was it. Risking their life for the chance to take the upper-hand was not something most students had the guts to do.
As Shirone predicted, with five meters left to the cliff’s edge, students who could not withstand the fear began to teleport away. The rest of the students followed one after another. The students that were part of Mark’s party were among the few that did not teleport immediately.
‘No! Just a little bit more!’
He staggered on, stomping down the rising fear. Shirone was aiming for the best possible start.
‘Can I do it? What if I fall?’
Despite clenching his teeth in an effort to calm his racing heart, the feeling of nausea did not disappear.
As they got closer and closer to the cliff’s edge, the team escorting Mark couldn’t hold out any longer, so they began to teleport away. Soon after this, Mark followed suit.
Shirone continued to run despite over half of the students no longer being on the cliff. And due to that, the team who was keeping pace with Shirone felt their blood dry up.
If they kept going, they were going to fall off the cliff. With two steps left to the cliff’s edge, the operation team cast teleportation.
But despite the close distance, Shirone kept moving forward. Fear was of no hindrance to him, who understood the nature of the danger.
Shirone knew that as long as he could keep could running forward on foot, he could make up for the time he lost due to his condition.
‘The competition isn’t over yet!’

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 35 - The Bridge You Can't Cross (2) 10.txt
===============================
Chapter 35
Despite the fierce mental battle happening between the competitors, in the eyes of the spectators watching from afar, it simply looked like they were busy jumping off.
‘I’m not teleporting until I start falling down.’
Despite the edge of the cliff being one step in front of him, Shirone’s body did not disappear with a flash. Seeing him so close to the edge, the hearts of those watching thumped loudly.
And their eyes widened.
“He jumped off…”
Shirone jumped off the edge, as far as he could, and into the sky.
The weightlessness of floating. Strong winds shook his body and mountain birds flew in flocks, dozens of meters beneath his feet.
Shirone grit his teeth and focused on teleporting. At the critical point of the leap, his body finally jetted off with a flash.
Shirone was the last to get off the cliff, and as the people ahead started to get ready for the second round of teleportations, the rankings got overturned. The group that started first sagged to the rear.
Shirone made up for his late start… But above all else, he was able to get ahead of Mark by a narrow margin.
“Wha—”
Mark freaked out when Shirone suddenly popped up in front of him.
‘What the hell?!’
‘How late did he start to overtake me in the first cycle of teleports?!’
Of course, they were still on their first turn, so the chances of the rankings getting reversed still existed, but the fact that the first operation went down the drain ticked Mark off.
“You weasel! Stop right there!”
With a hair width of a difference, Shirone and Mark cast teleportation magic almost simultaneously.
10 minutes before the start of the promotion exam.
A girl headed towards the training ground with a gloomy face.
Maria Earlin.
She was the third daughter of the House of Earlin, which was a 3rd-class noble family. She was a 19-year-old talent who entered the Alpheas Magic Academy after waking up to her magic talent early.
Although she was now stuck in Class 7, it was not as if she never stood out from the beginning.
She entered the academy at the young age of 10 and has since then been fighting fiercely to rank up.
But when Maria entered Class 7 at the age of 15, she was so happy she felt like she could fly. But her happiness was short-lived as her fear of the competition grew.
Ironically, her best performance was in her first year of being promoted to Class 7. However, starting the following year, her grades gradually started to decline. This trend continued to the point that now she was even ignored by new students.
At some point, such competition felt meaningless. She realized competition was not something she desired.
Knowing it would only bring her suffering, she couldn’t find a reason to push for the top-level classes. She knew that even if she were to get promoted, it would just be the start of a new competition with new people. Like a marathon that had no destination, she hated the continuous climb up the world pyramid knowing there was no end to it.
She didn’t want to deal with the competition, She only wanted to learn magic for that was what she loved.
“Haah, what am I doing right now?”
She felt like she had missed all her opportunities to climb up. And coupled with the fact that she eventually realized she was the oldest in Class 7, she felt like everything she worked for went down the drain. This realization took everything from her. Even her love for magic.
But yet she still couldn’t find it in herself to leave the academy. Was it because it was part of her life already? Or was it because she still had a little bit of that passion from before left inside her?
“Haah…”
Maria, who entered the magic academy because she liked magic, sighed when she realized she was starting to not even know who she was.
To her, the promotion exam was none of her business. But to also study side by side with her younger classmates while the exam was happening did not sit well with her.
That was the only reason why she started heading to the training ground.
‘I think it’ll start soon.’
As soon as she checked the time, an Illumination magic flashed near the peak of a mountain.
It was blue in color. And the moment that light flashed, she could hear the cheers of the students echo.
She couldn’t continue walking. Tears flowed down her eyes.
‘I have no place there. I guess only the talented ones out of Class 7 are there.’
Was this the end?
As soon as she realized that she didn’t have the courage to even leave the academy, fear consumed her.
At that moment, a devil’s thought consumed her mind, leading her astray.
‘If Mark wins…’
He would never let the person who snitched on him about Shirone’s bullying go.
It felt like her heart was about to burst out of her chest and her field of vision turned dark.
‘No!’
She knew that she had to stop Mark, but she knew that with her strength alone, there was nothing she could do.
She looked towards the location of the engine room of the Bridge That Cannot Be Crossed.
‘Maybe, just maybe.’
A small hope sprouted within Maria.
She contemplated once again…. She was positive that letting Mark win was the worst possible outcome.
Grasping that hope, she opened the worn-out, iron door.
Screeeech.
One employee who was seated on a chair yawned.
“When will this end? I just want a jug of beer.”
After blinking once, his eyelids started to slowly close while his head started bending forward.
“Hooh…”
Maria let out a breath while standing behind the employee who had fallen into a deep sleep.
Sleep magic that relaxed the mind hardly worked on mages, but for those who did not practice magic, it had a significant effect.
Maria looked around the engine room. After searching for a bit, she found a rotary switch that controlled the difficulty level of the Bridge That Cannot Be Crossed.
It seemed as though it wasn’t even activated because the protruded indicator was pointing to level 1.
Grasping hold of the switch, her hand shook.
‘Is this the right thing to do? No, whether it’s the right thing to do or not, is this something I can even do?’
She just had to turn the switch. It would cause something terrible, but when a person was possessed, only the sweet rewards blinded their thoughts.
‘I just have to make it so that no one passes.’
Maria turned the switch.
She expected something big to happen right after she turned it, but contrary to her expectations, her surroundings were dead quiet.
The silence weighed down her shoulders, making her plop down to the ground.
BOOM! BOOM! BOOM!
Explosive sounds erupted from the competing students. They were in a situation where 20 people were each flashing and trying to cross at a height of 1,000 meters.
At an average of 3 turns, while the distance between the leading group and the one lagging behind was not so huge, talent-wise, it was clear who was better.
Those who started off early could not endure the considerable height. They were Class 7 students who did not even learn flying magic, so the shock and fear were enough to hinder them.
‘What do I do? Am I really gonna fall?’
The other side seemed too far from reach.
The Spirit Zone demanded extreme focus from a person, so it was an extremely sensitive state of mind. Therefore, even a little distraction might shatter it. Eventually, the students in the rear group, who failed the omnipotence of teleportation, began to plummet.
“AHHHHHH!”
“Help! Save me!”
The upperclassmen burst out laughing. Since they’ve already experienced this, they only thought those lowerclassmen were adorable.
Even the instructors had little smiles on their faces while writing the names of those who failed in order.
However, the festive atmosphere took a complete 180-degree turn.
One after another, the instructors raised their heads in surprise. During the time the students started dropping, the Air Net should have had plenty of time to activate, but the siren did not sound.
“What?! What happened?!”
“Save the students first!”
Siena dived down the cliff and cast teleportation at a terrifying pace. And Ethella, who was watching from the other side, noticed the strange situation as well and jumped down.
“Headmaster, what should we do?”
Alpheas hummed and let out a breath.
Since two Grade 6 mages took the initiative, all the students were gonna be fine. If they were to stop now, the students who did their best to maintain their position in the leading group would suffer great losses. It would be better to respect the will of the participants as long as their safety was ensured.
“Let’s watch for now. We have enough manpower to protect 20 people. Instead, wouldn’t ending things here disrespect the students’ passion?”
Siena and Ethella both shot up from the bottom of the cliff at the same time, students in tow.
“What’s happening? There must be something wrong.”
Sharelle spoke while looking through the telescope. Other students murmured at the unexpected situation.
But Amy wasn’t really bothered. A student dying due to falling was impossible with certified Grade 6 instructors on watch. Besides, the students in the front remained undistracted. If it was her, she wouldn’t have cared either. The ticket to be promoted to Class 5 was on the line, so who cared about safety?
However, the second half of the group was in a noticeable uproar. They saw instructors jumping off the cliff to grab the students who were falling.
‘Is there no safety device?’
The only reason why they made it this far was because no matter how similar it was to a real match, it was not an actual one where their lives were on the line.
“AAAAAAHHHHH! NOOOO!”
“Instructor! Please save me! I give up!”
“I’m dying!!!”
A large number of students started dropping like flies, but the instructors came to the rescue, saving all of them.
The leading group who were still in the game continued to fight their fear.
‘What’s going on?’
They could hear the loud noises from the upperclassmen. This ruffled their currently sensitive feathers greatly.
Their shouts reached the ears of the leading group, but it affected no one.
In fact, it actually caused their blood to boil even hotter knowing that there were fewer competitors.
‘This is my chance! All of you, just keep dropping.’
The leading group had advanced 270 meters, and considering they were from Class 7, that was pretty good.
And while all of this was happening, Shirone continued to protect his place as the first.
Mark and his team tried to take Shirone’s place multiple times, but to avail. Shirone bested them each time.
Mark gritted his teeth.
‘Who the hell is he?’
Shirone had so far leaped 27 times, and each time, he teleported exactly 10 meters.
If compared to a pull-up, it was the same as someone doing a rep of 20 while maintaining the same pace.
‘Is he a machine?’
He knew Shirone’s mental endurance was high, but he didn’t think there would be this big of a difference.
And all of this was being analyzed by the instructors.
Ethella spoke out.
“Oho, Shirone sure is a talent.”
The weight behind her words was heavy since she was an influential figure who never really commented on anything.
Other instructors started joining in.
“Well, Mark isn’t too bad. He is still young, after all. His routine is being shaken up. From a minimum of 9.5 meters to a maximum of 11. He’s being inconsistent.”
It was safe to say that his mind was shaken.
“On the other hand, Shirone’s routine is consistent. Their speed is about the same, but the one with a higher chance of winning is Shirone.”
In the midst of the compliments, Thadd’s expression wasn’t so bright.
‘Talent…’
He glimpsed at Alpheas’ face, worried about him… But his face showed nothing.
Suddenly, the students of Class 7 who did not participate in the exam approached Thadd.
“Mr. Thadd, how is Shirone’s routine that stable? I’ve never seen anything like it.”
Leaping a set distance consistently did not seem like something a human could do.
Thadd couldn’t help but agree.
“That’s…”
Amy spoke.
“He’s using Compulsion.”
Sharelle nodded in agreement.
“To be specific, he’s using Repetitive Compulsion. When you objectify yourself, your mind becomes more stable and develops a characteristic inertia. It’s impressive that he’s able to activate it at will. After all, it’s an advanced-level Spirit Zone technique not taught in Class 7.”
Since it was not something taught in Class 7, that meant Compulsion was a dangerous state of mind.
“He must have learned it before coming here. Since it helps one endure pain… Sometimes, becoming a machine is necessary…”
‘To take what we want.’
Keeping that last thought to herself, Amy watched Shirone continue to widen his lead.
It seemed as though he was flying towards her.
‘You’d better come quickly… Since I won’t wait for you.’
Shirone’s stubbornness in keeping his lead annoyed Mark to no end.
‘f*ck! Why can’t I pass him?!’
Knowing things couldn’t keep going like this, a female student, who was part of the operation team, flinched as Mark glared at her.
‘Is he telling me to do it here? Right now?’
There was a way.
As long as they gave up on their goal of completing the exam, Mark would be able to overtake Shirone for a short while.
‘Then after that, drop out together.’
Their plan was too obvious, but in their heads, it was better than doing nothing and ending it there.
‘My life is at stake, too.’
With a boom, she teleported right in front of Shirone.
“Shit!”
As soon as Shirone hurriedly tried to brake, another member of the operation team flew towards him from the side.
‘Sorry. We have to make a living too.’

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 36 - The Bridge You Can't Cross (3) 12.txt
===============================
Chapter 36
‘I’m sorry. We have to make a living too.’
The male student closed his eyes tightly and teleported to Shirone.
Fatal injuries were inevitable in the event of a collision.
“Eek!…… Huh?”
He cried out in fear, but he did not feel the impact he was preparing for.
When he opened his eyes, Shirone was exactly 10 meters away from where he was.
‘He dodged?’
In the process of traveling forwards, Shirone abruptly curved right to avoid a collision. It was better than dropping out due to a collision, but he still took a speed loss nonetheless.
The female and male students plunged down with satisfied looks. They had successfully slowed down Shirone.
“No…!”
Shirone, whose repetitive compulsion was cut off by the dodging he did just now, gritted his teeth and focused his mind to try and raise back his teleportation tempo.
“Hey. Just now, the movement of those two kids. Wasn’t it kind of weird?”
A kid from the Intermediate class said with a frown.
“I thought so too. Maybe they just got tangled in a rush? No way they tried to crash on purpose.”
“By no means was that an accident. They did it on purpose.”
The person who made that comment was a student from Class 5, Yiruki Mercodine.
She was the same person who had given the advice to Shirone back then when he was in the Image Zone. She was thin as a rail, had heterochromia, jagged teeth, and a pointed nose.
“How are you so sure? Sure, it was suspicious, but you can’t be positive unless you’re part of the accused party.”
With one palm spread open, she collided it with her other hand which was clenched in a fist.
“One person blocks the road. The other hits from another side. It’s a great strategy to block both the instantaneousness of teleportation and the space leap aspect of it. If Shirone didn’t dodge by modifying his usual cycle, he would have fallen down. Well, I would have found some other way using equations of motion.”
Her classmates turned their heads towards the training ground again.
‘Gosh, what a poser.’
Meanwhile, Shirone began to get a little nervous after looking at the growing distance between him and Mark.
350 meters remaining.
By the halfway point, the only competitors left were Shirone and Mark.
‘I won! I’m first!’
Convinced that he was going to win, Mark’s body vibrated with excitement.
Although he had leaped about 40 times, seeing as how there was no one standing in his way, he did not feel fatigued.
‘I’m the one who will pass!’
High-speed promotion to Class 5. The faces of envious classmates and the sour faces of Class 6 upperclassmen crossed his mind.
“HAHAHA! I’m first!”
As Mark sped up the tempo of his teleportation, the distance between him and Shirone began to widen even more.
‘Mark is in good condition. He will complete the exam by the looks of it. At the rate I’m going, I won’t be able to retake first place.’
There was only one possible method left for Shirone.
‘Acceleration.’
While he might be able to get closer to Mark, the risk of breaking his routine was high.
However, the only solution was to increase his teleportation link rhyme by a beat faster.
“HEUP!”
With clenched teeth, Shirone’s rhythm suddenly accelerated. The sound of the teleportation wave resounded like the beat of a drum.
The excitement of the students reached its peak.
“Shirone is starting to catch up! The winner is going to be decided soon!”
“Mark! Faster! Faster!”
Like the last spurt of track and field, everyone’s adrenaline shot up as the distance shortened.
Then, something strange was detected by Mark.
The iron bar of the Bridge That Cannot Be Crossed started fluctuating like waves.
Mark frowned.
At first, he thought he was mistaken, but now he was sure that the bar was squirming around like a living creature.
“What the…?”
The material of the Bridge That Cannot Be Crossed had alchemical components to it. It was a special material that could change its shape in response to electromagnetic force.
‘There should be no obstacles though… It should be set to level 1.’
Shattering Mark’s belief, the bar bent like rubber and turned into a lasso.
“AAK! What the hell!”
At the same time he freaked out, Mark’s body passed through the huge circle and came out the other way.
Though the situation was not too dangerous, since the bar completed its transformation, it was now as solid as steel.
‘Why is this happening?’
Then, the mechanical voice of a woman rang out within the training ground.
–Warning. Warning. The engine system of the Bridge That Cannot Be Crossed has been activated. Level 10. Level 10.
“ …What?”
While Mark was questioning who exactly was operating the engine system, he was also doubting if he had heard the system right. He heard it say level 10.
The black iron bar that bent and twisted created an ugly-shaped obstacle.
“Wh-What is that?”
Since Class 4 trained on a difficulty level of 6, The class 4 students watching couldn’t help but fear for Mark and Shirone.
“How the hell did this happen?! Why did the engine activate all of a sudden?!”
The instructors were in disarray.
It was not enough that the safety device was turned off, but the difficulty of the traps was also at its highest.
The advanced-class level obstacles had complex shapes and their speed was also very fast, so the risk of injury was extremely high.
“Damn it! Engine room!”
Thadd was the first to teleport to fly off to the engine room, while the rest of the instructors questioned what to do now.
“Headmaster, what should we do now? The promotion exam…”
The only students left were Shirone and Mark. They had come so far.
If the exam was interrupted while there was no clear winner, some people might speak ill of the academy.
In particular, since this was a promotion test, they would have to suffer pressure from many nobles.
‘This is not a simple promotion. Students who have already dropped out will insist on fairness as well.’
In that sense, the instructors’ questions were understandable, but Alpheas shouted in outrage.
“Are you all really asking that right now?! Halt the exam immediately and signal the participants to stop!”
Thadd, who came down to the ground with a boom from teleporting, frowned and headed towards the engine room.
“Whoever it is, if I catch you…”
‘For the prestigious Alpheas Magic Academy to have an engine system malfunction… It’s probably a mistake done by staff.’
He roughly twisted the door to the engine room.
“Huh?”
The door was locked.
Thinking that maybe this whole thing was not a mistake, his eyes turned hard.
“Oh, so you want a piece of me?”
While he held up his right hand that held a big fireball, he felt the inside of the room with his Spirit Zone.
‘What?’
Someone had their back against the iron door.
If he released his fireball like this, it would put that person in danger, so he first sent a warning.
“Open the door. Now. I’m going to cast Fire Strike. If you don’t open the door, you’ll die.”
“I don’t care. In fact, please do it.”
“You… Are you Maria?”
Although Thadd had never been her instructor, she had entered the academy while he was in the Advanced class.
“It is Maria, isn’t it? What are you doing? The promotion exam’s a mess. This has turned into a huge problem.”
“I’m sorry. I troubled everyone once again.”
“First, let’s talk face-to-face.”
“Mr. Thadd, am I going to be expelled? Will I go to jail?”
“No, Maria. I don’t know what your circumstances are, but I’ll listen.”
“I don’t think I was thinking straight. I only came to my senses after I did everything. I must’ve gone mad. I’m sorry…”
“So open the door. I don’t want to use harsh methods.”
“But the thing is… I don’t want to live, Mr. Thadd. What should I do?”
Hearing Maria’s cry, Thadd quietly put out the flame in the palm of his hand.
He no longer thought of turning off the engine system to turn the promotion exam back to normal. He knew it was going to get canceled anyway and that the students would be fine.
‘Maria Earlin.’
What kind of a student was she?
A quiet, timid child whose name had never once appeared on any paperwork at the academy.
“All right, I understand.”
Thadd scratched his head and turned his back. He just leaned against the railing as if to say he didn’t want to think further.
“If you don’t want to come out, don’t.”
Maria did not answer.
However, the fact that he didn’t try to turn the handle and start yelling at her calmed her a little.
Amidst the silence, Thadd looked up at the sky.
‘Still the same.’
The blue sky of the Alpheas Magic Academy that he so hated during his academy life.
“Mr. Thadd.”
“…Yes?”
“You hate me, right?”
“Don’t you know? I don’t hate girls.”
“Why is the world so unfair?”
“Why? Cases where someone is born as pretty as you are rare. You’re not lacking in any way.”
“You, someone who’s called a genius mage, wouldn’t know what it means to have no talent. Even if I do my best, despair is always waiting for me ahead. It feels like anything I do just… goes down the drain. Nothing feels like it’s working, I can’t seem to do anything. Do you know what that feels like? Do you know how daunting that is?”
“…Of course. I know that feeling very much.”
Maria turned her head toward the iron door.
“You do?”
“I graduated when I was 22, so it’s already been four years since I’ve become an instructor. When you entered the academy, I must have been in the Advanced class. You know I’m a graduate from here, right?”
“Yes.”
“Then do a bit of thinking. Have you ever heard of a student named Thadd attending this academy?”
Now that she thought about it, she couldn’t remember a single time she heard his name during his time as a student.
Shirone was an outlier as he was the topic of the students’ gossip as soon as he entered the academy.
“No, never.”
“And that makes perfect sense. My grades were low, I didn’t have any talent, and in addition to that, I wasn’t from a big, rich family. In fact, I used to always go start fights outside of the academy.”
“You did?”
“Yeah. It took me an average of two years to go up a class. Hell, when I got into the Advanced Class, it started taking me three. Though, I know things are a little different for you.”
Thadd continued while imagining Maria sulking.
“But aren’t our situations quite similar? Unless you are the best period, everyone is bound to fail or be defeated someday. The same principle applies to me. I had gotten into the Advanced Class, but I flunked my classes every time without fail.”
“But how…”
“How did I become who I am now? It’s all luck. Luck. I met a wicked mage who yelled and scolded me. You know, I convinced myself that I was doing my best, but compared to others, that ‘best’ was nothing. And struggling to defeat someone was something I got sick of. But one day, that same wicked mage, told me this…”
Thadd recalled that time.
“To dream of success while not having the courage to give up something in order to achieve it is arrogance.”
Maria kept silent, but a lot of thoughts were going through her head.
“Maria, you don’t need to compete. You don’t always have to win over someone. If you like magic, there you go. That’s all you need. There are people in this world who don’t wish to compete with anyone. Like me. While it may be a tougher path than the one most tread, you have the courage to take that path. It’s something you can do.”
‘Something I can do…’
Maria asked.
“What kind of person was he? The mage that scolded you?”
“He’s someone you’re very familiar with. The headmaster of the Alpheas Magic Academy.”
“Really? The Headmaster?”
Thadd’s eyes dimmed at the memory.
“Yes. From that day on, I became his full-time student and received private tutoring. It was a great privilege. Well, thanks to that, my life worked out for the best. Doesn’t that explain why a dirtbag like me gets called a genius? It’s because I was taught by a man whose name is known all around the continent. How’s that? Jealous yet? Life is all about luck. Hahaha!”
Maria once again felt blue.
“So, what I’m really trying to say is, the world isn’t fair. Some people are born with talent while most aren’t. Some, whether it’s because they’re dim-witted or laid-back, jump into any competition. Some just work their butts off. But for someone like me who has no talent or anything like it for that matter, sometimes, very occasionally, a miracle happens. That’s why I find life worth living.”
Thadd rose from his seat and turned around.
“What do you think, Maria? Wouldn’t ending things here be a waste and an affront to the effort you put in to get this far? How about trying just a little bit more?”
Maria dug her face into her knees.
“What more are you saying I should do? That miracle you mentioned… I don’t even know if it will ever come… Like, what if it never comes? Then what would happen to me?”
“What are you saying, Maria?”
Thadd spoke with his hand against the iron door.
“The miracle you’re looking for? You’re looking right at it.”
Maria’s face scrunched up.
“Heuk…”
Perhaps those were the words she’d been hoping to hear her entire life. Warm tears dripped down her face.
“Can you trust me and try one more time? I’ll help you become an outstanding mage.”
“Really? You think I can do it?”
“Of course. Talent isn’t being good at something. It’s having the heart to love that something so much your body devotes every facet of its being into it. That heart makes everything possible. Maria, you’re an excellent student.”
Maria started sobbing.
She, who was pouring out her emotions, suddenly realized and opened the iron door.
“Mr. Thadd, quickly, the system…!”
“It’s already too late. When I got here, an Illumination magic flashed. The promotion exam is canceled.”
“Th-Then…”
“The situation has gotten a little complicated, but I’ll take care of it.”
At that moment, a person suddenly appeared in front of them. It was Siena.
“Mr. Thadd! What in the world are you doing?”
“Ms. Siena?”
She first glared daggers at him, but after seeing Maria, her face was full of shock.
Thadd questioned.
“Why? The exam is already over. More than that, the person responsible for this incident…”
“It’s not over!”
“What?”
“Both of them did not give up. I’m saying the competition is still ongoing!”
Was that even possible?
Level 10 of the Bridge That Cannot Be Crossed was a practice assignment for the Advanced Class.
Of course, it was not an assignment that those in the Advanced Class really worried about, but for the two who were in Class 7, completing it was nigh impossible.
“AH! F*ck!”
Thadd, who grasped the magnitude of the situation, was about to turn to the engine room, but a flash caused by Spatial Warp turned up near them.
Ethella rushed over.
“Instructors! Something big happened!”
Seeing her pale face, Siena asked while trying to hide her anxiety.
“What happened?”
Ethella shouted.
“Shirone, Shirone is…!”

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 37 - The Bridge You Can't Cross (4) 13.txt
===============================
Chapter 37
Prior to Siena arriving at the Engine room.
Under Alpheas’ instruction, the other instructors cast the Illumination magic which was meant to stop the exam.
The sky glowed red, but Shirone and Mark showed no intention of stopping.
‘It’s a huge trap.’
As the iron bar bent, circular rings of various sizes started heading towards them.
From the front, the trapps overlapped like a net, so there seemed to be no room to escape through it.
‘Do I have to give up?’
Shirone and Mark glanced at each other. And right as their gazes collided, they teleported.
BOOOOM!
Some instructors started shouting when the shapes of the two were obscured by the obstacles.
“How foolish! Are they planning on going through with this to the end?””
Siena spoke.
“They just don’t want to give up first because the one who does will definitely be shamed later.”
“This is a problem. What the hell is Mr. Thadd doing?”
Another reason for this chaotic atmosphere was that Alpheas was silent. To be honest, anger was boiling inside Alpheas. Especially towards Shirone.
‘Sometimes you have to know when to back down. Don’t you know that much?’
But he also knew that at times, doing such a thing was not an option.
‘…There are times when you can never back down.’
There was no right answer in life.
‘Whatever you choose to do, as long as you take responsibility for your decision, what others think becomes meaningless.’
“Let them proceed. Neither of them seem satisfied with my decision.”
The instructors were surprised.
“What? But if an accident were to occur, this could turn into a huge problem.”
“No matter what happens…”
Alpheas’ eyes turned icy.
“I’ll take responsibility.”
The instructors were bewildered and could not reply back to their Headmasters’ cold attitude that did not usually surface.
The only one who could perhaps somewhat understand Alpheas’ intention was Thadd, who was currently absent.
His gaze went back to the competition.
‘Alright, I understand your will.’
He had heard all about Shirone’s past, his origins, and the things he had to go through to enter the academy.
‘Every moment must feel like your last. I will respect that. But if you can’t take responsibility for the results…’
Alpheus was resolved.
‘This will be the end of your path to becoming a mage.’
Shirone felt dizzy.
“Keuk!”
The traps were so fast that he had no time to dodge one and have the luxury to think about the next.
‘I have to look at the whole thing all at once.’
To compare it to a maze, it was like running after memorizing the whole map.
‘There’s no end to it.’
Due to being too focused on avoiding the obstacles, Shirone advanced less than two meters.
‘At this rate, my mental strength will be exhausted first. I have to try and move forward somehow.’
Mark was thinking the same thing.
‘There is a possibility that both of us will fail. The one who gets the furthest will probably be the winner.’
Like a lion in a circus jumping through a hoop of fire, Mark broke through the obstacle.
“Here I go!”
The instructors admired Mark’s bravery and decisiveness as he sharply swerved and penetrated through the obstacle.
“The change of direction of teleportation is by no means easy. I see Mark has prepared well.”
Mark was delighted.
‘It worked! I can do it!’
When Mark turned his head to look back, he saw that Shirone was in the same place he was previously.
‘Kekeke, he’s terrified.’
Mark was no longer worried about Shirone as he felt he had taken a far enough lead.
Shirone shook his head.
‘No.’
If it was simply avoiding a couple of obstacles and advancing forward, that was something Shirone could do as well. However, after analyzing the combination of all obstacles approaching from afar, Shirone realized that there was only one way out.
‘The path Mark chose is blocked.’
As expected, Mark felt the difficulty of the traps increase as time went by.
“Keuk!”
The iron bar that waved around like a whip came at him in the shape of an X.
“HEEUUK…!”
Mark looked like he was about to break down.
The endless number of iron bars that were seemingly dancing in the air suddenly tangled up and transformed into a net.
‘I can’t avoid that.’
Ever since the beginning, Mark was mistaken to think he had chosen an easy path. He tried to leave the current route belatedly, but the net was already right in front of his eyes.
The observing students paled.
“He’s going to collide!”
As soon as the obstacle passed with a roaring sound, the eyes of those watching tightly closed. On the other hand, students who could not move a muscle had their eyes opened wide.
“Shirone!”
Shirone had snatched Mark away on time and escaped the net using teleportation.
“Did he jump in to save Mark? One can only be so nice. He still annoys me.”
“How can you say that? Isn’t it natural to try and save people who are about to die?”
“Natural? Would you be able to do that?”
“Hey, you jerk! Why are you imposing that on me?”
Yiruki had a knowing smile while the other students were busy arguing with each other.
‘It’s not that, idiots.’
Meanwhile, Shirone was lost.
Although he did good in saving Mark, he was knee-deep in trouble.
“AAK! S-Save me!”
Mark, who had already lost his beast-like will, floundered about with tears in his eyes
“Just keep still!”
Even though he was shouting, Shirone’s eyes did not leave the coming obstacles and continued to analyze.
‘There’s none.’
He had rescued Mark from trap hell, but he himself couldn’t find a way out.
‘No, there’s no way. They wouldn’t make a trap that has no way out.’
At that moment, his frame of common sense shattered.
‘I was being stupid…’
Wasn’t there another escape route? Go back out the way he came in.
“Ahhhh! We are all gonna dieeeee!”
Ignoring Mark’s screams, Shirone rushed backwards with teleportation.
Yiruki jumped to his feet in the audience.
“That’s right!”
Backing up was also a strategy.
The key was to not obsess over moving forward. Shirone didn’t have to only go straight in order to avoid the obstacles.
“Here I go!”
Shirone, who was moving rapidly, jumped over a huge obstacle that was approaching.
‘Yes, it worked!’
The immediate threat had passed, but level 10 was not level 10 for nothing.
As soon as Shirone jumped up, the iron bar tracked him down after transforming into a large parabola.
‘So it’s impossible to escape this cycle even if I move up?’
As long as the participant did not fall to the ground, the Bridge That Cannot Be Crossed would continue to harass the participant until they either failed or got to the end.
“Keuk!”
The trap became harder to analyze than before due to a slope being created because of its parabola shape. Though, the presence of Mark was also a big burden on Shirone.
Sharelle grumbled frustratedly.
“Why is he doing such a reckless thing? If Mark is eliminated, he will be promoted. And not to mention, it’s really dangerous to teleport with someone else. You only do that in case of an emergency.”
Amy’s replied.
“That’s just who he is. He actually does the things other people only dream or talk about doing.”
“I know that Shirone is kind, but Mark even hired people to bother him.”
‘Perhaps that is why he’s more…’
She thought it a little strange that she understood Shirone’s intention.
“He wasn’t interested in the ranking from the beginning.”
“Shirone is not competing with anyone. His only goal is to become a mage. A person who is deadset on a goal does not really care about the process or what other people think. It doesn’t matter whether they’re first or last. All the things they do are in service of reaching said goal…”
‘And in his case, it’s to become great at magic.’
While Sharelle was lost in thought, Amy watched the struggling Shirone.
She knew Shirone had no luck this time.
‘No one in the Intermediate class can cross level 10. It’s right to stop the exam here.’
All she could do was hope that Shirone would come back alive.
“AAAHH! AAAAAKK!”
Shirone was so focused on the traps that he couldn’t even hear Mark’s annoying screams.
‘It’s getting more and more difficult.’
This was of course natural, however, the difficulty was so high that it now seemed like the iron bar was a huge worm-like parasite, instead of an object.
‘It’s unpredictable.’
Mark’s scream disappeared around the time Shirone advanced 100 meters through the wriggling parasite.
Mark fainted with foam coming out from his mouth, but Shirone continued on with no care. He had already forgotten about him.
Focusing on one thing while thinking of the whole was similar to the Deviate Form of the Four Way Formation.
The instructors who were arguing and the students who were making a fuss a minute ago had all gone silent.
Alpheas narrowed his eyes.
‘Crisis raises one’s ability… However, everyone has limits…’
How was he still holding out? The traps present in the Bridge That Cannot Be Crossed were moving at a speed of 200 km/h.
It was safe to say that any average student would have long lost consciousness.
Yet, Shirone continued to pass between the black iron bars.
‘ …Does that boy have no limits?’
The reason why some couldn’t soar indefinitely even when they once rode through an upward trend was because they would eventually feel satisfied with themselves.
The same went for magic.
Why couldn’t all mages be the best? Was it just a matter of skill or talent?
Satisfaction was the enemy of progress. But at the same time, it was human nature and something everyone eventually felt. The feeling of satisfaction was not something humans could do without.
‘But I don’t even see a hint of that in you. Shirone, are you dreaming of infinity with that human body of yours?’
It seemed like he never had a vessel that held him back to begin with.
Since satisfaction did not exist in him, his mind was able to handle the ever-increasing difficulty.
Shirone, who must’ve been in a trance, would not remember this moment.
However, Ethella, the youngest bishop of the Karsis Order, would never forget the dance… No, the valor she observed today.
‘Even in a trance, he’s constantly calculating and finding a way out. An exit that he has a one over-infinity chance of finding.’
What kind of mental state did one have to have to be able to do that?
‘Even a high priest can only maintain that kind of mentality while in a transcendent state for a short while.’
‘However…’
Ethella’s face turned serious.
‘Even if he can feel and calculate everything, techniques and skills are a whole other matter. The next trap is really hard.’
Shirone had anticipated it.
The distance between the obstacles was extremely narrow. They left Shirone with only a 1-meter gap.
It was literally a trap of chaos where no such thing as rules applied. The only rule was that things would continue to become more difficult.
‘I have to break it down smaller.’
He had to reduce his 10-meter teleportation distance to 1 meter.
Doing so would place Shirone at a level that absolutely surpassed Class 7’s, but no such distracting thoughts bothered him.
‘Left and right pattern.’
Shirone analyzed dozens of ring-shaped traps arranged in pairs at the same time.
Left, right, left, right… The moment his thoughts finalized, he teleported left and right without even taking the time to look at each trap.
A flash of light zigzagged through the rings.
‘I made it…’
However, the moment Shirone finally started to regain his bearings, the rings with up-and-down patterns rushed towards him.
‘KEUK!’
In a situation where the angle was not straight, his body took another leap forward.
‘If I break it down to the extreme…’
Shirone’s body shone once again, and as it did a flash of light that bent appeared.
The students’ eyes opened like saucers.
“The light bent?’
Yiruki got up and opened his different-colored eyes wide.
“Rainbow Drop! He actually did it!”
Most of the students did not understand the flash that followed the trajectory of a wave, but that was probably because Rainbow Drop was a top-level skill that teleportation specialists learned.
“Is that really possible? How does teleportation bend? Lights only travel in a straight line!”
Yiruki tapped his head twice and said,
“It’s a simple principle. Differentiating a circle yields an infinite straight line. Break down the interval of teleportation enough times and you can make it look like light bent.
“How do you even calculate how many times you need to break it down?”
“It’s not a calculation, it’s a sense. Even then, it’s hard to do, but let’s just say he has more omnipotence than omniscience. Though, I can confidently say that he is a genius with a tendency opposite to mine.”
The students turned their heads back to the examination hall.
‘For someone who’s only in Class 5? Genius my ass.’
When the speed of the Bridge That Could Not Be Crossed reached its maximum, even the shape of the structures could not be easily distinguished. Though Shirone’s eyes had adapted to it, so he could still tell.
30 meters left to the end.
The students began shouting words of support towards Shirone.
For the first time in the history of the magic academy, they were expecting a student from the Intermediate class to cross a level 10 Bridge That Could Not Be Crossed.
“Headmaster! Over there!”
The faces of the instructors paled.
As if jealous of Shirone’s near success, the iron bar started twisting randomly, creating a three-dimensional structure.
“Damn it! It’s the Dragon’s Labyrinth! What the hell is Mr. Thadd doing?”
While the instructors were busy shouting, Siena had a deep frown and hurriedly cast Spacial Warp.
‘Thadd! You f*cking…!’
The Dragon’s Labyrinth, which only appeared at level 10, was a trap with a gigantic dragon’s head.
Once you were swallowed, it was the end, so you had to link your magic while also remembering how the structure was created step-by-step.
Shirone bit his lips and analyzed the pattern.
“AAAAHHHHH! What the f*ck?! What the hell is that?!”
When Mark regained consciousness and screamed his head off, Shirone’s Spirit Zone shook violently.
“Keuk!”
Even at that moment, the Dragon’s Labyrinth approached at its fastest speed with its jaws wide open.
‘Here it comes!’

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 38 - The Bridge You Can't Cross (5) 32.txt
===============================
Chapter 38
The time left until the collision was at most one second, and this time, Shirone’s heart couldn’t help but race.
He could smell death.
‘Let’s stay calm.’
He was not yet dead, so with that in mind, Shirone narrowed his eyes at the iron structure that wished to swallow him whole.
‘Think.’
Intense electrical impulses hit his brain, and Shirone quickly readjusted his omnipotence and omniscience to repair his Spirit Zone which had been shaken by Mark’s shrill screams.
That took a tenth of a second.
Shirone thought to himself.
‘Was that enough…? No, not yet.’
He thought faster.
A hundredth of a second.
He reconstructed the internal structure of the Dragon’s Labyrinth and simulated exactly how it went in his mind in order to find a way out.
A thousandth of a second.
There were 6 roads in front of him. Shirone needed to link nine teleports in order to escape.
‘No. It would be possible alone, but with Mark? I have to find another route…’
Right as Shirone was about to begin a new simulation, the Dragon’s Labyrinth devoured them both.
Many students turned their heads, and some even screamed.
Sharelle’s scream was the loudest among them.
BOOOOOOOM!
The sound wave in the narrow space sounded like the screams of Shirone and Mark.
ten-thousandth of a second.
Despite only being given ten-thousandth of a second, a time which was too faint to be perceived with insight, Shirone somehow managed to analyze all the patterns and teleport accordingly.
A single flash of light pierced through the Dragon’s Labyrinth. And in a flash of dazzling light, Shirone crossed the finish line.
“Hahh… Hahh.”
Shirone dropped Mark onto the ground and walked a few more steps. But his body couldn’t take it anymore, so he ended up curled up on the ground. There was no place in his body that was not overloaded and aching.
Nobody made a sound. The students who took in the scene were blown away. They looked at the boy who triggered this response with frightened eyes as if they were looking at a ghost.
Ethella cast Spatial Warp towards where Siena had left in search of Thadd, and shortly thereafter, the engine system turned off, and a voice echoed out.
–The engine system of the Bridge That Cannot Be Crossed has been deactivated. Level 0. Level 0.
Shortly after the empty voice of the machine sounded out, the movement of the iron bar slowed to a stop, and the vine-like structure returned back to how it was initially.
The upperclassmen from the Advanced class were the first to speak up.
“Wh-What the…”
All the students had uniform thoughts.
“Is that really possible?”
“No way. This is absurd. That was level 10. He passed the Dragon’s Labyrinth…”
Awakened by the students’ voices, Shirone took a second to look around.
‘Huh? Why are they all staring at me?!’
Some parts of his memory were hazy, but he at least knew he had crossed the Bridge That Could Not be Crossed.
As his head started to clear, and everything came crashing down, Shirone’s eyes got teary as his lips trembled.
“Wahhhh… I really thought I was going to die.”
Considering it was said by a person who just made history, the remark was almost too tasteless and uncool.
Sharelle pulled Amy in for a hug and cried out.
“Shirone did it! Your boyfriend really did it!”
It would’ve been better if she didn’t mention the boyfriend part, but Amy let it go this time after feeling her teary friend’s sincerity.
Students shoved each other around to reach Shirone in order to congratulate him.
“Congratulations! You were really cool!”
“So I guess you’re going to be promoted to Class 5 now. Hahaha! Class 6 kids are going to go green with envy.”
While Shirone was busy getting praised, the instructors that had gone to the engine room returned… With Maria in tow.
Siena first looked Shirone up and down.
Though he did seem distracted by the surrounding students, he did not seem to be seriously injured.
‘He passed the Dragon’s Labyrinth? How in the world did he do that? Even the Advanced Class kids have to practice dozens of times.’
She narrowed her eyes at the person who made her miss such a historical moment. Thadd just shrugged his shoulders and made an excuse.
“As you know— Actually, no you probably don’t, but I did my best.”
Sighing, Siena headed towards Alpheas.
It was unlikely, but since Shirone and Mark came in at the same time, Siena thought it would be better to clearly announce the results so that there would be no arguments later on.
“Headmaster, let’s first announce the win—”
Siena stopped when she saw that Alpheas’ eyes, which always shone with intelligence, were deep in sorrow.
‘Is something wrong?’
Thadd approached fast.
“I’ll do it. He seems to have a lot on his mind right now.”
“What? There were no casualties or major injuries, though.
“Yes, but…”
Thadd fell silent.
As someone who knew of Alpheas’ past, he understood his teacher’s feelings.
The sight of Shirone’s witty and lively appearance must have reminded him of his youth.
‘Don’t blame yourself. It’s not anyone’s fault.’
The House of Myrhe’s Light.
Alpheas was famous because he redefined photons.
It’s an old theory now, but at the time, his idea was so unprecedented and so shocking that it even won him the Gold Circle Award, an award bestowed upon him by the Emperor.
However, it was that brilliant talent of his that plunged young Alpheas into the depths of despair.
What would have happened if he hadn’t wandered through the dark for 10 years due to a single mistake?
‘If that hadn’t happened…’
Alpheas would have become an archmage etched in history.
Thadd tried to put up a bright face.
“Headmaster, a word, please? A man of talent who will brighten the future of this academy has appeared.”
“Mm? Hoho! Right, it slipped off my mind.”
Alpheas, who smiled as kindly as ever, looked back at the students.
“The one who passed this exam is Shirone Arian. And although there is only one victor, I would like to applaud the rest of the students who participated. The courage you showed today will be the driving force that will lead the world in the future. I hope that you will continue to work hard and achieve great results. I wish you success.”
The upperclassmen started clapping, followed by the lowerclassmen.
No one could possibly grumble about Shirone’s early promotion now. Even Mark had to admit his loss.
‘There really is such a thing as a genius.’
The scene in which Shirone cast teleportation at an incredible speed during the Dragon’s Labyrinth stage was still vividly etched in his mind.
It wasn’t a matter of talent.
Most would get intimidated and retreat when faced with a near-impossible situation, but there were also those who didn’t run.
‘At this point, I can’t even make an excuse.’
Mark wobbled over to Shirone with his trembling legs.
Most of the students knew of the existence of Mark’s operation team, so there was no way Shirone, who experienced it first-hand, did not know of it. But Mark was prepared.
“I lost. I won’t ask you to forgive me, I don’t deserve it. But do know I will take responsibility for my actions.”
Shirone looked at him.
It was certainly out of the ordinary for a belligerent man like him to admit his defeat.
On the other hand, Shirone thought that since Mark had no way out of this and had to accept it, he was trying to keep his pride and face by bearing with it.
“All right. You worked hard. I hope you do better from now on. As a person.”
He had many complicated feelings regarding the issue, but Shirone wanted to leave the rest of it for the academy to deal with.
And Seeing how Mark raised the white flag, other Class 7 students began to give congratulatory words to him.
“Congratulations, upperclassman. You were awesome.”
Having proven his skills, no one from Class 7 even thought of treating him as someone from Class 7.
Amy smiled subtly.
‘Congrats.’
And after staring at Shirone for a while more, she turned around.
“Let’s go, Sharelle.”
“Already? You should stay with your boyfriend on a special day like this one.”
“I don’t have time for that. Since Shirone succeeded, it’s now my turn. I have to prepare for the promotion exam.”
Her steps were heavy for she did not want to leave yet, but she knew that in order to respect Shirone’s resolve and meet it, she had to go and train.
“You sure it’s okay to just leave like this?”
“Amy.”
Amy flinched when Shirone called.
When she turned around, their eyes met. The students around them murmured with surprised faces.
“Did he just call her by name?”
“Of course. Aren’t they dating?”
“I mean, even then, Amy is still an upperclassman…”
Amy, who had never given up her place as 1st, was more than just a simple upperclassman.
She was considered to be more than skilled enough to enter the Advanced Class. That was why this situation was quite a surprise for them.
“Now there are only two steps left.”
“Haha…”
A corner of Amy’s lips lifted up.
If she passed the Advanced Class promotion exam, the gap between Shirone and herself would be two classes.
Amy turned around and walked down the mountain with Sharelle hot on her heels.
Around the time the Advanced Class students started dispersing, Thadd approached Alpheas.
“Headmaster, I have something to discuss regarding Mary.”
Thadd reported everything that happened in the engine room.
“I see. What made you decide to do such a thing…”
Maria bent over 90 degrees.
“I’m sorry. I’ve made an irrevocable mistake. I will accept any punishment readily.”
Alpheas sank deep in thought.
“Hmm.”
Of course, disciplinary action was unavoidable, but there was much to consider due to the harassment she faced.
“Then first…”
“I have something to confess. Everything that happened today was because of me.”
And there stood Mark.
“What do you mean?”
“I really got under Maria’s skin this morning. In fact, if I were in her shoes, I would have flipped out as well. I’ll take her punishment. I’m the one who caused all of this.”
Siena spoke.
“Even so, there is a problem with Maria’s behavior. But why are you doing this?”
“I know I’m a shitty person, but I’m not a coward. I’ll take full responsibility for my actions as well as the actions of those under me. Everything I did, I did knowingly.”
“And that aside, the other kids know it too, anyway. Continuing to keep my mouth shut like a petty loser will only serve to embarrass me. Also, I was the one who came up with the plan to keep Shirone in check.”
‘I was overwhelmed in terms of skill.’
The way Shirone jumped over walls he had yet to overcome made him envious.
“ …In any case, that’s what happened. I will take the heat. But please let it slide for the other kids. Especially Maria…”
Glancing once at Maria, Mark spoke again.
“She must have been under severe stress due to the constant bullying. Think about it. To do such a thing, she must’ve lost her mind for a second.”
Alpheas pondered for a long time about Maria.
Although her grades weren’t the best, she was an aspirant mage who had been training for a longer period of time. Longer than most people in the academy… However, she made an awful mistake and was on the brink of being expelled.
‘Teacher…’
Thadd looked at him with sad eyes.
“You will both be referred to the disciplinary committee. Maria is guilty of interfering with the test by illicitly operating the engine system. Her actions caused unnecessary risks. However, since Mark gave rise to the whole situation, we will take that into account and deal with the punishments accordingly.”
As Mark and Maria lowered their heads, other students from Class 7 also started raising their hands one by one.
“Um, I also bullied Maria. I think that makes me responsible for this as well.”
“I joined the operation team and attacked Shirone.”
“I did something bad, too.”
When all the students raised their hands, Siena spoke out, concerned.
“This is not a class meeting. You broke the rules. And since you’re all confessing, you will be punished.”
The students did not back down.
“These punks! If you’re going to act like this, why bother breaking the rules in the first place…”
“Enough.”
Alpheas held her back.
“Since Shirone showed such an amazing performance, one at the level of an Advanced Class student, I’m sure they felt and learned something.”
“But there’s also that mob mentality. I think they think that if they hold out and confess together, they’ll end up fine and with no punishment. Do you really think that’s repenting for their mistakes?”
Alpheas only smiled and let out a small laugh.
“Come to think of it, I think I see an adorable side to Ms. Siena.”
“Don’t expect much from humans. Humans are humans. There is no one who is only bad and no one who is only good. Even if they didn’t plan on repenting, at least they have a strong enough conscience to confess. And considering they did confess, I’m sure they’re ready to accept responsibility as well as disciplinary action.”
Siena closed her mouth shut.
“To shoulder all responsibilities together. Such a thing can barely be seen in Class 4, let alone in the Advanced Class. Look how all of them are growing up like that. So, well, I don’t exactly hate it. If only everyone in the world had this level of belief and conviction… The world would be much different. Though I suppose the question is whether they can keep this level throughout their lives.”
Alpheas walked up to the students.
“I understand. In other words, you guys are saying it’s okay to punish everyone, is that right?”
A few were startled, but after looking at each other, they answered.
“Yes!”
A corner of Alpheas’ mouth rose up.
“Great. I’ll reveal the details of your punishment right now. The entirety of Class 7 will be placed under probation for a month.”
“What?!”
The students were surprised, but the instructors were shocked.
Not only was the period long, but this punishment meant that Class 7 would be shut down altogether.
“But Headmaster, words of complaint will come from the students’ families. This will also cause conflict with the class progress…”
“I’ll be responsible for that.”
Alpheas cut the instructor’s words and stared at Shirone, who stood a little away from the group.
He looked like he had something to say, but in the end, he gave a small smile and went down the mountain.
The rest of the students stood stunned.
“One month…”
They felt woozy for a second, but they didn’t feel afraid.
“I-It doesn’t matter! We’re under probation together. None of us can take a class.”
“Yeah. It’s much better than something like a three-day suspension. After all, probation is not even written in our academic record.”
The students calmed down a bit.
“Haha! So what now? Do we get to play around and relax starting today?”
“As if! I have to stay up all night in the library. Why don’t we all get together and study?”
“Yeah, let’s! Maria, you’re coming too, right?”
“Huh? Um… That’s…”
Maria was conscious of what the instructors might think.
Thadd simply smiled and nodded his head. Maria then smiled and spoke shyly with teary eyes.
“Yes, I’ll join.”
Thadd felt happy as he watched the scene. It would be awkward at first, but as long as the punishment kept the kids together, she would be fine.
‘Were you aiming for this? You are always a step ahead of me, teacher.’
Perhaps this situation was a miraculous opportunity for Maria. One that would never come again in her life… Just like how becoming the student of Alpheas was for Thadd.
‘We say the world is about luck… But once you give up, even that string of luck will be of no help.’
If Maria hadn’t really loved magic, would she have survived that long in Class 7?
Although the world was unfair, Thadd thought it was worth living for that reason.
As long as one held on strong and persevered, opportunity was bound to come knocking eventually.

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 39 - Another Genius (1) 6.txt
===============================
Chapter 39
Shirone was promoted to Class 5.
Siena, who knew the unique study method of the Core of Knowledge, became the homeroom instructor.
It was hard for Shirone to keep up with the classes as he had jumped up two levels, but Shirone decided to stick with his old method nonetheless.
Class 5 had a test that occurred once a week and had a final exam at the end of the month that determined a student’s rank for that month. In the first test, Shirone placed 40th out of the 40 students.
There were a total of 11 different subjects, and his average score was only 32 points.
However, it was worth noting that his score across all the different subjects ranged from 30 to about 33.
The average score for the second theory test was 34.
‘A two-point improvement in average might seem insignificant. However…’
His scores for all subjects increased simultaneously.
The third test was similar. However, there was one slight difference this time, as there was a steeper upward trend for he scored 36 to 39.
‘It’s increasing all at once.’
Shirone’s will could be felt through his progress.
‘It’s a relief. Staying in the lower ranks for a long period of time can lead to a decrease in self-confidence.’
Siena saw no such anxiety through his progress graph. He was just quietly walking his own path.
‘Theory tests are important. It is one of the key components that helps one evaluate omniscience.’
Instructors regarded a score of about 60 or higher as the minimum standard for one to start using magic.
‘If he were to raise his average by 10 points per month, he can start using basic magic after three months. And if so…’
‘In less than half a year, he should be able to use basic magic.’
Of course, since humans were not machines, their aptitudes varied depending on their dispositions.
However, looking at the graph now, she had a strange feeling that it might be possible since it was Shirone.
How far could he raise his score without missing a single subject?
Depending on the results, the level of Shirone’s potential could be judged.
‘His relationships are also smooth.’
There were no students who looked down on Shirone because of his low grades.
By the time the students reached Class 5, their attention was focused towards the Advanced Class rather than rankings.
Countries around the world did not cut corners when trying to maintain the highest level of magic hierarchy. And especially in such situations, it was important for students to specialize in their major in order to differentiate themselves from other mages.
Therefore, students who did not yet have any kind of special skills were envious of Shirone, a specialist in light.
‘I, too, think he has an affinity in the Photon field.’
But above all else, The photon field utilized omnipotence more than omniscience. This was because the limits were more so with the human brain itself rather than aptitude.
If Shirone had not felt the segmentation of time through insight, he would not have been able to complete the Bridge That Could Not be Crossed.
For this reason, Shirone’s classmates could not ignore him and lowerclassmen would often greet him during integrated class.
Ironically, one student amongst the lowerclassmen who followed Shirone the most was Mark, who returned after being punished.
“Please, sit here. I saved a seat for you.”
“Thanks.”
The leader of Class 7 took pride in the fact that he could be friendly with Shirone.
“Oh! You were here! Any place for me?”
Mark gasped and jumped up to greet Sharelle.
“Hello!”
Sharelle was one of the top students of Class 4, so she was an upperclassman who could not be easily approached.
Sharelle waved her hands with no care and sat right next to Shirone.
“Our Shirone, you look a bit frail these days. I mean, your lover did leave, so obviously.”
“Haha! It’s not like that.”
A week ago, Amy took the promotion exam and finally got promoted to the Advanced Class.
According to Sharelle, she passed effortlessly, but anyone could tell how hard she trained for the exam.
“You must be more lonely than me. You were always together with Amy.”
“Yeah, that’s true. But it’s okay. I’m thinking of going to the Advanced Class sometime soon.”
“Yes? The Advanced Class?”
Sharelle was more than capable enough to get into the Advanced Class.
There were many talented people in Class 4, but she was a talent who stood out in terms of recovery magic.
Moreover, since the Advanced Class was a class that only focused on majors, recovery magic that had high performance would give her many advantages.
“Although I’m not doing it just to follow my friend… Like Amy, I was inspired after seeing you. My original dream was to go work at a public health center and live whatever, but at some point, I thought it would be a waste to end it like that.”
Hearing that a talented person recognized by the academy wanted to work in a public health center as her dream job caused Mark to nearly burst into tears.
“If you say something like that, then what does that make me, senior?”
“Hoohoo, don’t worry too much. I didn’t come all the way up here knowing there was something I was particularly good at. Anyone can make it to Class 4 if they work hard enough. Shirone is just a special case.”
Shirone hurriedly shook his hands.
“No, I was pretty lucky too. The promotion exam last time was also something that was out of the ordinary.’
“I told you, there’s no need to talk like that. I assure you, you will be going up to the Advanced class sooner or later. Although Amy is saying that she will never let you be her classmate. Hoho, try your best anyways.”
‘Huh. Never be her classmate.’
That was something Amy would say. And as Shirone imagined her grinding her teeth while training hard, he felt his blood heat up.
“Right. Come to think of it, did Amy decide on her major?”
“What? You mean you still don’t know? I’ve had this thought for a while, but you guys really date mundanely.”
“We were always like this.”
Shirone smiled and swallowed quickly. Sharelle rested her chin and fell in thought.
“Hmm, Amy’s specialty is fire magic, and she specializes in the Target Form of the Four Way Formation. From what I heard before, it sounded like she was probably aiming to be a sniper.”
Most fire mages aimed to become battle mages, so sniper was a fairly unique field for it.
“Sniper? Does that mean she wants to join the army?”
Reading Shirone’s thought, Sharelle smiled bitterly.
“She can’t. I also think it’s weird for Amy to become a soldier, but it’s normal to choose a career based on talent. Besides, Amy is a Karmis, a 1st-class family. She will have to do anything for the honor of the family.”
Shirone was worried.
“But it’s dangerous work. After all, if a war begins… Well, I’m sure you already know.”
“That can happen, but honestly, if a war really breaks out, majors mean nothing. Anyone with a mage job will be made to fight. No exceptions. The magic academy will also become a training center to train prospective mages according to the kingdom’s order. From then on, such a thing as graduation will not exist. After receiving basic military training, they must be put into service.”
It was the bitter truth that was hard to take in.
“To put it simply, we are just tools for the kingdom. After all, the more talented and stronger a person is, the stronger the deterrent.”
“Even so…”
Thormia was a kingdom of great power in its own way, but peace could not be maintained at all times. So being in the military was not the safest profession.
This is because if a kingdom they were allied with asked for support, Amy would have no choice but to fight on the frontlines.
Mark did not take it seriously and took interest in something else.
“Amy becoming an officer in the army… I’m sure she’d be incredibly popular in her unit. To be honest, I can’t imagine her as a soldier.”
“Hohoho! It’s because you don’t know Amy’s personality. I personally think she fits well as one. And Shirone, don’t worry too much. After all, it’s not like mages will sword fight on the battlefield. Snipers tend to focus on espionage and covert operations. Amy the Beauty Spy. Great name don’t you think?
“Haha, I guess so.”
Shirone put aside his petty worries.
It was true that he was worried, but it was a choice made by a talent who never lost her first place, so he was sure she could handle it.
After the integrated class ended, it was time for practice, so students categorized themselves by Class.
Shirone waved goodbye to Sharelle and Mark then made his way towards his own classmates.
As many were the same age as him, there was a very lively and fun atmosphere.
“Wow, Shirone. You’re blazing hot today as well.”
Nade started off.
He was the same age as Shirone, and He had green hair which made him look like a troublemaker.
He had a cheerful personality and was a very sociable person, so there was nobody he wasn’t close to. Nade was also the first person to talk to him.
‘He has a good personality.’
His grades were somewhere in the upper-middle ranks, having no particular subject he was neither good nor bad at.
Well, if Shirone had to pick a subject he was a little better at than others, he would say it was electric magic. This was because Nade was at a level where he could somewhat cast electric magic. And considering an affinity with electricity was quite rare, he could be considered a rare talent.
There was no easy magic in the world, but the electric field was a particularly difficult one to acquire omnipotence.
‘It’s not an attribute humans are familiar with.’
After hearing his story, he understood why Nade had an affinity for it.
Nade’s dream was to become an inventor of magical weapons, and thanks to his constant handling of machines and electricity since childhood, he found it easy to acquire omnipotence in electricity.
“Blazing hot? As if. It’s so hard it’s killing me!”
“Haha! That’s why I’m here. Two’s better than one.”
Everything put aside, he was a friend who had a talent for making people comfortable.
That was probably why Shirone’s classmates would go to Nade first whenever there was a topic to talk about, even if it was something trivial.
Meanwhile, two boys started walking towards where they were, arguing to and fro.
“Hey, hey! Shironade, hear this.”
Shirone and Nade canceled their Spirit Zone after hearing the neologism of their two names.
A classmate came close and questioned.
“Which side are you, Ms. Olifer or Ms. Romie? Oh, maybe Shirone doesn’t care since he has a girlfriend? What about you, Nade?”
“Hmm, I’m, of course, Ms. Romie. Though Ms. Olifer is beautiful as well.”
“Ohh, my comrade! Ms. Romie is the best, I’m telling you. She has a baby face! And her body… Ugh!”
Shirone realized again.
‘It’s really different from Class 7.’
‘I think they are both pretty.’
Siena had a calm and cool aura, while Ethella’s looks triggered everyone’s protective instinct.
Perhaps it was because of her curves, but even after growing, she had a baby face.
As Shirone started to worry about getting asked that question, his classmates suddenly left.
“Eh?”
Shirone thought it was strange and turned around to see a boy with an eccentric look heading towards him.
It was the Class 5 geek, Yiruki Mercodine.
It could be seen as bullying, but in Shirone’s opinion, Yiruki really didn’t seem like a people person.
But even such an oddball had someone he talked to, and that was Nade, the friend of all.
“What fun things were you guys talking about?”
Nade shrugged.
“Just the same old thing. Who’s prettier, Ms. Olifer or Ms. Romie? Things like that.”
All gone was his excited demeanor, for he purposely looked less excited in consideration of Yiruki.
Shirone admired his quick, mindful personality.
Something suddenly came to Nade’s mind.
“Oh right, Shirone. Let me introduce you. This guy here is Yiruki. An outsider of Class 5.”
Chapter end

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 40 - Another Genius (2) 11.txt
===============================
Chapter 40
It had been a month since Shirone was promoted, but it was his first time having a direct conversation with Yiruki.
It wasn’t like he was purposefully avoiding him. It was because there were more days of Yiruki missing classes than attending them.
“Yo, Shirone Arian. Aren’t you the genius who caught the academy’s attention? I’m so honored I’m going to record this moment in my diary.”
Just by his first words alone, Shirone could understand why his classmates tended to keep away from Yiruki.
“Hi, I’m Shirone. Please take good care of me.”
“Kekeke, why is the genius asking for such things? Actually, I’ve been watching you ever since you were in Class 7. When you succeeded in the Deviate Form and also when you crossed the Bridge That Cannot Be Crossed. I was there.”
Shirone had a look of surprise.
“You watched me?”
And that’s when he noticed.
‘This voice…’
The thin voice… It was the voice that encouraged him when his Spirit Zone was shaken by the students’ criticisms back when he was in Class 7.
“Are you the one who cheered me on back then?”
“I wouldn’t call it cheering. I was just frustrated, so I said something. And I also didn’t like you being swayed by the kids.”
Yiruki said it as if it was a small, troublesome thing to do, but Shirone was still grateful nonetheless.
“No, it was a huge help.”
At that, Yiruki stared hard at Shirone.
“You are quite a boring kid, aren’t you?”
“Huh?”
It was Shirone’s first time hearing such a thing, and it strangely offended him.
That was when Nade butted in.
“Hey, hey Yiruki! He’s still thanking you. It’s rude to say that.”
Yiruki twisted his head and turned around.
“Yeah? I was complimenting him. Anyway, do your best. Of course, things won’t be easy. Class 5 harbors lots of obnoxious kids.”
Then he walks away with a cackle.
“Hey, where are you going? Let’s practice together.”
“It’s tiresome. I’d rather just sleep.”
‘The magic academy classes are tiresome?’
Shirone was left dumbfounded. Class 5 was an Intermediate class. He couldn’t understand how such a student got all the way up here.
“He seems to have a little bit of a… Strange personality.”
“Sorry, Shirone. He’s not that bad after you really get to know him.”
“But…”
“I know what you’re thinking. We will be the only ones left tired if we try to pry. That guy’s a genius too. The problem is that he’s a different type of genius compared to you.”
“Genius? Yiruki is a genius?”
“Ah! You probably don’t know because you haven’t been here for too long.”
Nate told Shirone who Yiruki was. Contrary to the word genius, his grades were similar to that of Nade’s, but none of his classmates looked down on him for it.
Yiruki was the epitome of a master-of-one human being. He was a genius who received zeros on all subjects that were influenced by emotions, like literature and art. But for subjects that required computational ability, he was a genius who would get full marks with his eyes closed.
At first, the instructors went nuts over Yiruki’s talent and fought over who would be his homeroom instructor and be in charge of him.
However, because of his eccentric personality, most of them gave up and paid no more attention to him.
Nevertheless, talks about him possibly surpassing those in the Advanced class in terms of mathematics arose, and many instructors started to observe him in order to see if he would be promoted in the near future.
Though, if Shirone continued to raise all his subjects together, he would eventually overshadow Yiruki, who tended to cover up his weaknesses with his strongest strengths.
The field Yiruki performed best in was computational physics, which only a limited amount of people with special brain functions could do.
For example, calculating phenomena that occurred in extreme conditions such as absolute zero or high heat in the 100,000,000 degrees range or more using numerical figures.
A person with a brain capable of such calculations often had such a thing called the ‘Savant Syndrome.’
The possessor of such a brain capable of mechanical calculations beyond the limits of human beings. That was who Yiruki was.
After hearing the explanation, Shirone had an absent-minded look.
If everything Nade said was true, then it was an amazing talent.
“Why is a person like him still in Class 5? No, even if he had no talent, scoring zero makes no sense. Even if he rolled a pencil and took a guess, he should have still gotten a few questions right.”
Nade laughed.
“The thing is, he’s always been like this. About a month ago…”
He told the story of Yiruki’s theory test.
In the natural science section, he received perfect scores, but things were a whole lot different for the literature exam. His results were disappointing in the instructor’s eyes.
It was a problem that had an excerpt from a poem called by a poet named Gilberto.
The last verse was “leaf that has fallen in zigzags”, and the question asked the students to answer why the leaf fell that way. Most interpreted it as the poet expressing his fear of death… But that’s not what Yiruki came up with.
[Answer] Since the speed of the fluid (in this case, gas) flowing on the surface of the leaf is met by different levels of air resistance, the leaf would move in the direction of the vector with the greatest sum of force exerted by the pressure. Equations using the standard model for the leaf are written below.
‘Equations using the standard model for the leaf are written below…’
Below that, there was a formula that the one who was grading the test couldn’t even understand. Instructors who knew Yiruki’s personality simply thought it was just Yiruki being himself and passed over it. But Adelia, a literature instructor, could not tolerate it.
As a mother of three, she rushed into the classroom with her plump body. Then in front of Yiruki, she slammed the exam paper down and demanded an explanation.
“Yiruki! What is this?”
“The exam paper.”
“Not that! Look at the answer you wrote! This is a literature test, not a math test!”
“Doesn’t the distinction between mathematics and literature itself prove the unrealistic aspects of literature? And it also asks why the leaf fell the way it did. And I answered it.”
Adelia’s round face turned red like a tomato.
“How dare you brag like you know something. You’re a student. It’s still a few years too early for you to act like you’re an expert. There are also deep and mysterious ideas in the world that you cannot grasp mathematically.”
“Teacher, there’s no such thing. If some part of the world is illogical, that would be scary. If such a thing were true, then there’s a possibility that I might just turn into an orc right now. Who knows?”
“So you’re saying everything is logical? Even poet Gilberto’s verses?”
“Yes. That’s why I wrote that answer.”
Adelia kept standing for a while, then pointed her finger and shouted.
“Then answer this. A thousand innocent people are at risk of dying. But you have the power to save everyone by killing one innocent person. What will you choose to do?”
“I’d let the thousand people die. Mathematically, the lives of one thousand people who are supposed to die, and the life of one who wasn’t, don’t follow the rules of equivalent exchange. The equation cannot be formed in the first place.”
Adelia stomped the rising anger from deep within her.
She came up with something.
“Is there a god or not? Answer that!”
“There can be none.”
His logical reply made Adelia even more virulent.
“Mom or dad? You can only pick one!”
“Both.”
“Get out!”
Adelia’s fingers trembled.
“Get out, you punk! You don’t deserve to be in my class! Get out!”
A faculty meeting was held.
In the end, the instructors concluded that Yiruki’s answer contained ridicule against the authority, so they dropped all his scores for the humanities subjects to 0.
“Wow, that’s no joke.”
Upon hearing Yiruki’s story, Shirone couldn’t believe he was 17 years old like himself.
Having the temperament to go against an instructor took courage.
“Haha! It really isn’t. Anyways, he’s that kind of a person. He’s extremely hard to get along with.”
“Now that I know his personality, I kind of get why he called me boring. But how is that a compliment?”
“Who knows? Maybe he saw something extraordinary in you. Anyway, that’s why I purposely introduced you to him. In hopes that he might get along well with you.”
Shirone got curious and wanted to know more about Yiruki. If he had known earlier, he would have talked more with him. With that, he searched around for Yiruki, but ended up widening his eyes in surprise.
“Eh? Nade, look over there.”
Yiruki was walking towards the Image Zone with half-closed eyes. As he approached, the kids around took notice and backed off, not because they wanted to avoid him, but because they respected him since he was an upperclassman.
“Damn it! What is he thinking of doing now? Let’s go and see.”
Shirone ran after Nade.
One by one, other students started gathering to watch.
“Why is he like this again? Isn’t he supposed to take his clothes off and lay down somewhere like he usually does?”
At their words, Shirone’s eyes popped open. He was gonna take his clothes off while female students were watching?
Ignoring the audience’s uneasiness, Yiruki opened up his Spirit Zone. A sphere with a diameter of 15 meters. It was on the small side, considering he was in Class 5.
“The Deviate Form?”
The moment Yiruki performed his Four Way Formation, his Spirit Zone broke away from his body and separated.
“Oho, that guy. It’s been quite a bit since he last did that.”
“Don’t we have to stop him? That jerk was banned from using the Image Zone by Ms. Romie.”
“Leave him be. Even if we tell him to stop, he won’t listen.”
At that moment, Yiruki’s Spirit Zone began moving around a large area.
Amidst everyone’s admiration, Yiruki saw Shirone in the audience. The edges of his lips curled up.
He flicked his finger and targets popped out from all directions and flew around him like birds.
Some students simply sighed as they knew it was forbidden for students to release targets arbitrarily, while some just enjoyed the spectacle.
“Wow…”
The Deviate form of the Spirit Zone pursued the targets.
Like the bouncing of a rubber ball, Yiruki freely bent the angle of his Zone and even its speed. It was impressive.
Shirone was genuinely surprised.
‘That’s amazing.’
Ethella, who was instructing Class 4, looked around the Image Zone once and started running.
“Huh? Yiruki! What are you doing right now?!”
Seemingly already having made up his mind, Yiruki hardened his eyes and flew his Spirit Zone to a target.
The moment the sphere swallowed up the target, light began to bubble like foam.
“That lunatic!”
By the time the students turned their backs on it, Yiruki’s Detonation magic was completed.
“Atomic Bomb.”
The wind pressure caused by the explosion pushed back the people around. Some students even fell on their butts.
“Keuk!”
When Shirone faced forward again, he saw Yiruki standing at the end of the Image Zone.
He had his hands intertwined behind his back and spoke with a blank face.
“See you next time, Shirone.”
What did he mean by ‘See you next time?’
‘What was he thinking? What compelled him to do such a thing?’
Shirone couldn’t understand him at all, but thankfully, one question was quickly resolved.
Ethella pinched Yiruki’s ear and dragged him away.
“Yiruki! I told you last time that if you were to do something like that again, you would be punished!”
“Ow, ow! I held back so that the device wouldn’t break. You know what happens when I make up my mind to blow something up.”
“You…! You really don’t reflect on your actions until the very end! You are on probation for a week starting today! Don’t come to class!”
“Aak! That’s too harsh!”
Yiruki shouted, but he continued not to acknowledge that he had done something wrong.
Rather, while he was being dragged away, he looked at Shirone and Nade and smirked.
“Ha! In the end, he did it again. Sorry, Shirone. I think I’ll have to go.”
Even after Nade chased after Yiruki, Shirone did not move from his position.
‘Detonation magic.’
It was the most extreme way of handling energy.
Chapter end

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 41 - Another Genius (3) 9.txt
===============================
[Proofreader –Enigami]
Chapter 41
The other students who were stimulated by Yiruki’s action started busying themselves by talking.
“Isn’t that punk amazing? Though the explosive power is the same, the detonation reaction seems to have gotten faster.”
“It’s probably just the Savant Syndrome doing its work. He can calculate the reaction equation at an astonishing speed.”
Shirone cut in.
“You mean the equation that causes the explosion?”
“Yeah. I don’t know much about detonation magic, but I heard that the explosive power changes depending on how you set up the reaction equation. You could say it’s a similar concept to that of the combustion equation for fire magic.”
“I see. With that level of explosive power, I guess he doesn’t even need to learn fire magic.”
“No. Denotation magic is used differently from fire magic. First of all, fire magic activates immediately. Even for Yiruki, if his firepower is that strong, it will take that much longer to detonate. Well, reducing that reaction time is up to the detonator.”
If Shirone’s insight specialized in teleportation, then Yiruki’s superhuman computational power was specialized for detonation magic.
The biggest advantage of detonation magic was that it could create an enormous explosion from a tiny dot.
The further away from the center the Deviate form got, the smaller it got. It was a magic that was optimized for the Deviate form in that respect.
Yiruki’s talent, spirit zone’s propensity, and his main specialty were all specialized for explosions…
‘Why is Nade close to someone like that?’
Shirone did enjoy reading history that involved wars with mages, but he didn’t think that magic had to be so destructive.
‘I’ve never learned magic with the intention of hurting someone.’
He was curious about Yiruki, but it was Shirone who thought that getting along with him was out of the question.
As if he really put himself under probation, Yiruki did not come to class.
Although he felt a little bad, Shirone was relieved by this.
‘I wouldn’t know what to say if we ran into each other again.’
After an ordinary day, Shirone took his first formal Class 5 evaluation.
His average score was 41 points.
It was still in the lower range, but it wasn’t an easy feat to raise all subjects by 10 points in one month.
After checking the test results, the students tidied up their desks and stretched.
“Phew, I guess I can lay back for a while. Shall we buy something and go to our research group?”
“Let’s. With all the stress off my shoulders, I’m feeling hungry.”
Students started leaving in pairs or more, but not Shirone, for he was not part of a research group yet.
‘I should go to the library and study some more. My average score is still 40 points…’
He was not satisfied with the results, but the process of enhancing his Core of Knowledge was going smoothly.
Shirone was pleasantly surprised when he noticed that all the knowledge was connecting much faster than he expected.
‘It’s proof that my network of knowledge is evolving. Let’s not waver and stick to it until the end.’
The fact that he had already finished the 20 books he had borrowed a week ago kept his spirits up.
“Hey, Shirone.”
“Yes? What is it?”
A female student approached him as he was packing his backpack.
From a corner of the classroom, her friends were eyeing them with excitement.
“I’ve talked with my friends about this, but would you like to join our research group? We’re researching object-moving magic. We thought that if you were in our group, we could maybe make more achievements. It’s also a field that has a lot to do with photon magic.”
Shirone thought carefully.
He had received offers from several groups after being promoted, but this was the first research group that suited his aptitude.
Whether students wanted to join or not was 100% up to them, but there was no case where joining one would be a waste of time.
The academy’s evaluation methods were largely divided into three parts. Practical exams, theory exams, and performance evaluations.
Among them, the performance evaluation required one research paper on whatever topic to be submitted between semesters. That’s why many students joined a research group, to save time and effort.
Most of the students did it this way, as during vacation time, they would be able to visit their hometowns or stay at the academy to focus on fixing their weak points.
Of course, Shirone also checked the qualifications to join a research group, but eventually changed his mind.
Since he did not complete his work of enhancing his Core of Knowledge, his clumsy participation would only cause them harm.
They gave their proposal based on his previous achievements, but Shirone wasn’t sure if he could match their level once all the work and activity started.
“Um… I’m sorry. There’s a field I’m studying right now, and I haven’t been able to make much progress on it yet. I’m planning on focusing on that for the time being.”
“Oh, I see. That’s a bummer.”
“Sorry to turn you down even though you personally made the offer.”
She gave a light laugh.
“No, you don’t have to be sorry for anything. Let me know if you change your mind.”
The girl went back to her group after leaving behind kind words. In fact, there were not many students in Class 5 who acted upon their emotions. Though there were eccentrics and exceptions like Yiruki.
‘I’m jealous. It looks fun.’
A corner of Shirone’s heart ached. He had friends like Rian and Amy, but Rian was studying a different field, and Amy was in the Advanced class, so she was busy.
They say that life is a lonely battlefield, but he felt that he couldn’t get any lonelier considering he had no comrades in Class 5.
“Eh? Shirone, you leaving now? Wait for me.”
Nade ran towards him and put his arm around Shirone’s shoulder. This was a regular occurrence already.
The two walked to their dormitory while talking about random things. Most of their talks were about topics Shirone liked.
“The library is fine, but there are quite a few specialized books exclusive to research groups. Come to think of it, why did you refuse earlier? They’re a pretty decent research group.”
“I just feel like I don’t have enough time.”
“Well, I get you. You should busy yourself with raising your theory grades first. I’m still envious. I don’t even have that kind of desire.”
“You have so many friends. I think it would be okay for you to join any research group.”
“What are you talking about? I already have something like a research group. I’m even the president.”
“What? Really? I didn’t know that.”
Shirone assumed that Nade would hate belonging to a certain group, so he didn’t even ask. But for him to be the president?
“What kind of research group is it?”
“Haha! I’m actually embarrassed to brag about it. There are only two people. Myself included.”
“Huh? Isn’t that below the minimum? Your subsidy should have been long cut off.”
The academy required at least three or more members in a research group. It was because two was company, while three was a crowd.
“Our upperclassmen graduated last semester. That’s why I became the president. But yeah, I’ve been really worried about that.”
“Oh, so that’s what happened.”
There were numerous research groups in the academy, but having one with Advanced-class members was rare. Moreover, the fact that they graduated meant that they were cream of the crop upperclassmen.
“If it’s okay, can I take a look?”
“Really? I thought you weren’t interested in research groups.”
“I have always been interested, but I felt that if I joined one, I’d just be a nuisance. I was just being careful.”
“Hahaha! What are you saying? Even though it’s called a research group, it’s just kids grouping up to study and play together. There is no need to feel any pressure.”
“Hmm… Is that so?”
“ Actually, to be honest with you, you have a side that makes it difficult for people to approach you. You know, kids our age hit on each other, play around, tease, and do all that. And although Class 5 does have its share of vulgar fellows as well, I’ve chatted with most of ’em, and there aren’t any bad guys. So open up a little more.”
Realizing that both Rian and Amy reached out first, Shirone took note of those words.
Noticing Shirone’s attitude change, Nade shouted as if he had made up his mind.
“Great! I’m feeling good. I don’t normally do this, but this is a special case. Let me introduce you to my research group. In exchange, don’t tease me and say that it was boring or lame.”
“Really? Thanks a lot. I swear I won’t tease you or anything like that.”
“There you go again. Why so serious? Loosen up. Now, come on, let’s get going!”
The place Nade took Shirone to was a remote place northwest of the central park of the Magic Academy.
In front of them was a building formed out of 100 tetrahedron-shaped structures that were all connected together to create one building.
The material of the building was iron, and if one looked closely, one could see magic patterns engraved on the surface.
Shirone was surprised by the shape and structure of the building since it defied common sense.
“Where is this?”
“It’s a warehouse we use to keep the magic equipment. Almost all teaching materials are kept in there. Of course, our lab’s there too.”
The laboratories were not specifically assigned. When the president of a research group submitted their application documents, the academy would simply give an empty room to them.
‘Even so, a warehouse?’
Shirone couldn’t understand why the academy, considering the vast land in its possession, would place a lab in such a remote place.
“This place is something akin to a hideout. Upperclassmen have been protecting it for generations. Actually, our research group has quite a long history. You don’t know how many fights there were to occupy this place.”
“But this is a bit…”
“Haha! It’s okay. The coolest thing is the countless materials in the warehouse. You can make anything. Oh, that’s supposed to be a secret. I’m only telling you this because it’s you.”
Shirone gasped.
“Really?”
He was quite surprised. Nade, the king of normalcy at the academy, breaking rules?
“Come, I’ll show you.”
Nade led Shirone into the building. As the building was complex, there were multiple entrances and exits. It was like wandering around in a maze.
“How is it? Cool, right? You don’t have to study it so closely though. We change the structure of the building whenever.”
“Change the structure? Is that possible?”
“The official name of this building is Estas, the magic warehouse. The building itself is a magic device. It was made with the concept of allowing the building to bring us the items we need… Or bring a section of the building we need. It’s quicker than having to manually go somewhere to get something and then go back. That’s why there are times when the structure changes on days when students are training. The point is, no matter what you do, if we don’t want you to find us, you won’t find us.”
Nade ended with a cackle.
‘A hideout no one can find…’
Shirone’s heart thumped loudly. In the end, when in the face of cool things, he acted the same as any other boy his age.
“To be honest, finding the path is simple. But you’re not a member yet, so I can’t tell you that. Let me know if you have any thoughts. You’re always welcome.”
Nade quickly led Shirone through a complex path that made them pass through 20 warehouses. Finally, the two arrived at a building with blue-painted walls.
There were about 10 large warehouses and 10 small warehouses located in the building. Nade’s research group stayed in the largest one.
“Tada! Here we are!”
Shirone approached with a nervous face.
‘What kind of research group hides in a place like this?’
At that moment, Shirone’s eyes landed on a signboard that was hanging crookedly above the iron door.
Supernatural Psychic Science Research Group
“Psy-Psychic Science?”
Shirone murmured in bewilderment.
He had thought about many different fields while on his way here, but he hadn’t even thought of psychic science.
An excited Nade suddenly spoke quickly.
“How is it? Our research group is awesome, right? We literally do research on the supernatural. Ghosts, spirits, the afterlife, aliens, hell, gods. It encompasses all that.”
At first, Shirone thought it was absurd, but after hearing a bit more, Shirone was not totally uninterested.
The topic that caught his attention was…
‘Gods.’
Some mages denied the existence of god/s.
Of course, each country had its own state religion, and there were priests who performed miracles. However, their abilities were also considered just another form of magic.
On the other hand, some religious people regarded magic as just a type of miracle, while some labeled magic as heresy.
‘Who is right?’
‘Does a god really exist?’
“Yeah, sounds interesting. I don’t know if it has anything to do with magic, but it might be worth studying.”
“Right? I knew you would understand. Come in. Make yourself at home.”
Nade opened the door.
Shirone imagined a neat research area filled with books that covered their research topics… But instead, a thick cloud of dust welcomed him.
Cough Cough
Seeing as how a thick cloud of dust welcomed him the moment he opened the door, Shirone frowned and was not looking forward to seeing the rest of the space.
The room was about 534 square feet. The desk had a broken leg and was filled with bread and crumpled papers.
‘And he told me they renovated the warehouse…’
As a matter of fact, it seemed that only the sign had been renovated.
“Hahaha! A little dirty, isn’t it? You’ll get used to it after a while. Don’t just stand there, come in, come in.”
Shirone did not understand why he had to get used to it.
‘…Why not just clean the place up.’
However, even those questionable things disappeared the moment he saw the board hanging in front of him.
There was a boy who was writing mathematical formulas at an insane speed.
As Shirone approached, he noticed it was a familiar figure. Shirone’s eyes widened as he made a noise of recognition.
“Eh?”
The boy was Yiruki, who was under probation for a week.

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 42 - Another Genius (4) 6.txt
===============================
Chapter 42
Shirone was speechless. Nade gave a sheepish smile and explained the situation.
“Sorry. Actually, our research group has a bit of notoriety. It’s a bit difficult to reveal our members.”
Now Shirone understood why Yiruki was close to Nade, but aside from that, his confusion stemmed from the fact that Yiruki was in the Supernatural Psychic Science.
Considering that Yiruki followed and praised logic, him being in an unscientific group was extremely surprising for Shirone.
“You mean Yiruki is interested in stuff like this?”
Nade shook his head.
“No, it’s actually the opposite. He’s approaching it from the opposite side. He believes that there’s nothing illogical in this world. So what better group could there be to join than this one?”
Even amidst Nade’s and Shirone’s conversation, Yiurki murmured something as if he hadn’t noticed anything.
Then after looking Nade’s way, he noticed Shirone. His face brightened.
“Shirone!”
He approached without even giving Shirone time to say hello and shook his shoulders.
“You came just in time. I just came up with something great! That great thing is… Splitting the smallest matter! You might think how splitting the smallest is possible. That’s exactly what I’m saying. If you split the smallest matter, it’s no longer a substance! So then, what the hell is it? I’ve been doing the math for three days, and to my surprise, my god! It contains tremendous energy! What if this whole thing is possible? Hm? What do you think will happen? Quickly, tell me.”
Yiruki spoke so fast Shirone couldn’t clearly understand, but seeing as how Yiruki’s eyes were burning with passion, he felt like he had to say something.
“U-Um, well? The energy will be released?”
“An enormous explosion! An unimaginable explosion! An explosion that can blow up an entire city! Can you imagine it? Huh? If it’s you, you might be able to imagine it!”
Shirone was dumbfounded.
Of course, he could imagine, but it was terrifying to even think about.
“If that happens, a lot of people will die.”
“What do you mean? I’m telling you, it’s an explosion! An explosion! The city will be completely blown away!”
“That’s what I’m saying! What will happen to the people living in the city if an explosion of that magnitude were to occur?”
“Huh? The people living there?”
Yiruki tilted his head, unable to understand what Shirone was saying. Shirone finally realized something and asked again.
“You… You’ve never thought about that, have you?”
“Of course not. What’s of importance is how big the explosion can be. Do I have to bother thinking about things like that?”
Shirone got goosebumps.
“How could you? Does it make sense that a mage doesn’t even consider the ramifications of his magic?”
“You talk foolishly, Shirone. Leave those things for anthropologists to ponder over. It is the duty of a genius to breakthrough. It’s not that other mages don’t do it even though they can. It’s simply because they can’t. The genius-ness given to us only exists so that we do something with it.”
“Genius or not, I don’t care! I’d rather be a fool than be a genius who chooses to harm people.”
Yiruki did not back down either.
“Handful geniuses lead the majority that are fools. History proves it. It’s also the unwanted reality in which we belong, Shirone, you should know how much I hate rubbing idealism in someone’s face.”
“No, your logic is derived from defeatism, not reality. Ideals can come true.”
“An ideal is only that. Something that we WISH could be.”
Considering how heated their debate had gotten, Nade finally decided to break them apart.
“Now, now, stop it. Discussions and debates are all good, but emotional fights are a no-no. Let’s sit down and talk calmly.”
“No, I have nothing to say. Nade, I’m leaving.”
Shirone opened the door and left.
Seeing the benignant Shirone leave so coldly meant he was really angry.
“H-Hey Shirone, wait up! How are you going to find your way out alone?”
“Leave him. It’s not like the structure has changed. He should have at least memorized the way to get here. If he can’t even do that, then he’s really stupid.”
By the time Nade opened the door and left the room, Shirone was already walking out of the building.
Returning back to their hideout, Nade frowned and asked.
“Why did you do that? You could have said it in a more acceptable way.”
“I don’t know why I did that either. I’ll admit, I was a little aggressive. After all, he is my rival.”
“Whaaat?”
It was extremely rare for the word ‘rival’ to leave Yiruki’s mouth. Not because he was arrogant, but more so because Nade knew his friend wasn’t interested in competition.
‘It’s not just a competition to him.’
Relationship with the opposite sex, wealth, fame. Nothing could move him.
The only thing Yiruki was crazy about was the mathematical expression he considered the most beautiful in the world.
“Shirone is your rival? Are you serious about that?”
Yiruki smirked and sat down on the sofa, causing a cloud of dust to fume into the air.
“Shirone’s early promotion exam. Did you see it?”
“I saw it. That’s why he’s our classmate.”
“Do you know how fast a person who first learned teleportation must think to pass level 10? And the Dragon’s Labyrinth at that?”
While Nade kept quiet, Yiruki tapped his head.
“It’s impossible without an enormous division of time. According to my calculations, Shirone must have made his decisions in a ten-thousandth of a second.”
“A ten-thousandth of a second…”
As Nade tried to imagine that, Yiruki let out a shrill laugh and cackled.
“That’s the mystery of insight. Faster than effort while also being more accurate than knowledge. Any conscious calculations will be slower than intuition. But, say, Nade.”
Yiruki’s eyes gleamed.
“What if it was me?”
Shirone’s insight versus Yiruki’s calculation speed, the question was which of the two would be faster.
The question remained unanswered.
Like a showdown between different species of animals from different myths, Nade’s blood rushed just thinking about it.
After being called out by Siena, Shirone followed her into the teacher’s lounge.
She spoke as she set down the teacup.
“Now, since I was treated last time, it’s my turn this time.”
“Haha, thank you.”
‘He seems to be faring much better than when he was in Class 7.’
She heard that Shirone had grown a bit bolder and even joked around with his classmates.
“Why did you call me over?”
“I saw your report card and noticed that you’ve been consistently growing. I’m particularly happy that the subject I teach, chemistry, is your highest grade.”
“Hehe. It’s still only by one point.”
In Siena’s point of view, that single point was enough to build up her pride.
‘Honestly, I didn’t expect him to last this long.’
No matter how much of a genius one was, once one reached a certain point, their talents and weaknesses in certain fields would show.
However, Shirone maintained an average of 45 points for all subjects.
‘That means Shirone’s limits are higher than I expected.’
Siena, who came to a conclusion, said.
“If you continue like this, you’ll be able to make it to the upper-middle ranks starting next month. The academy will also start paying attention to your way of studying.”
“Ah, I wasn’t trying to attract attention to myself.”
“Of course, I know. That’s why I called you, to make a proposal.”
“A proposal…?”
“Did you know that there is a practical evaluation every two months? After looking into it, there is a targeting exam at the end of this month. Do you know what that is?”
“Yes, I saw it while Amy was still in Class 4. It’s a test where you hit a target within a certain amount of time. Amy in particular was very fast because she’s a target type. It was amazing.”
Shirone’s eyes were shining.
Siena felt that his strong suit was that he was unconcerned with superiority and inferiority.
“That’s right. Amy seems to have adjusted well to the Advanced class. You must be sad to be separated from your girlfriend.”
The Advanced class and the Intermediate class were far apart, and they also had different curricula, so there were nearly no opportunities to meet.
They could go on a date on the weekends, but they weren’t actually dating, and Shirone didn’t want to disturb her either.
“It’s enough that I know she’s working hard. I have to support her as her boyfriend.
Siena smiled
At first, she was concerned, but if their relationship stayed like this, she would rather encourage it.
“It’s rare to see a couple like you guys. Alrighty, let’s get down to business. The reason I called you today is because of the practical evaluation. Besides teleportation, have you learned any other magic?”
“No. As you can see from my grades, I haven’t met the standard yet… Oh! That’s right!”
Shirone realized belatedly.
‘I have to use active magic during the practical evaluation.’
There was no need to insist on attack magic, but the only magic that Shirone could use was teleportation, which was a passive magic. Passive magics were magics that affected the caster.
On the other hand, active magics were magics that affected the world itself. There were various types, such as Fire, Windcutter, Healing, Ice Sword, Lightning Bold, and Atomic Bomb.
“What should I do? I have to know at least one active magic to be able to attack the targets, but I totally forgot about learning one because I was busy studying.”
“Nothing to worry about. Since you’ve mastered the Rainbow Drop, a simple active magic should be nothing.”
“But my average theory grade is 45 points. You said that the minimum in order to cast active magic is 60.”
“Usually, it is. But you have something going for you… Your knowledge that nearly reaches 100 points.”
“Yes?”
Shirone blinked once and shouted.
“AH! The Photonization theory!”
“That’s right. There are also several different types of photons. Since you’ve studied enough theory, you’ll be able to apply that.”
“Right! Thank you, Ms. Siena.”
“As your supervising instructor, it’s something I have to do. If you face any difficulties in the future, consult me anytime.”
“Okay, then I’ll consult you right now. What kind of active magic can I develop from the photonization theory?”
Siena smiled at the key question.
“Have you ever heard of photon output?”
“I read it in a book. Is it the shooting of photons outward?”
It was a phenomenon called ‘photon emission.’
Of course, due to the nature of photons, shooting them outwards didn’t mean something special would occur.
If one were lost in the mountains, it would be easier to cast lighting magic to light up the surroundings than to light the surroundings through photon emission.
Even the theory of photonization, which was called the great discovery, varied in efficiency depending on how it was used.
Shirone asked.
“I can take the test itself, but is it really efficient to study for it? Wouldn’t it be a waste of time?”
Siena’s thoughts were different.
“In terms of the present, yes. However in the advanced magic society, for example, in the Ivory Tower, some view photon output as the future of mankind.”
Shirone listened carefully.
“It is often overlooked, but the really important thing is that there is no matter faster than light. Besides, collimation is easy to control. It is viewed that way because, due to the way photons work, it can lead to innovations in the field of information and communication in the future.”
“Ah, I see.”
“The future of photon output is bright. It wouldn’t be a bad idea to master it in advance.”
Shirone nodded.
“Yes. It’s fine as long as I don’t waste any time. As you said, I will start practicing today.”
In any case, the only magic he could learn immediately for the exam was photon emission.
After the consultation, Shirone headed to the training grounds.
There was not much time left until the practical evaluation, so he was on a tight schedule.
“Alright, let’s do this!”
Shirone held out his hand and focused.
‘Magical action.’
Magical action referred to a mage taking a special action or posture to strengthen his omnipotence.
‘Here goes!’
…No light shot out.
‘Darn!’
While his omniscience was perfect, he couldn’t reach the omnipotence required for photon emission.
‘Teleportation was easy though…’
Shirone was more inclined towards defensive and passive magics rather than offensive magics, which was what photon output was mainly used for.
‘Switching to an offensive type means I have to give up a lot of Spirit Zone area. Even so…’
‘Does that mean I can’t cast photon output in its entirety?’
‘No way. Even students with a smaller Spirit Zone than me can use simple active magic.’
Suddenly, Ethella’s words regarding Spirit Zone strengthening came to Shirone’s mind.
‘There must be a special method. What could it be?’
Shirone, who was thinking hard, noticed an inconsistency.
‘Spirit Zone is the most sensitive state of mind. How can I strengthen it?’
On his first day, questions mounted high in heaps.

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 43 - Limitless(2) 8.txt
===============================
Chapter 43
The next day.
Shirone headed to the training grounds early in the morning. There were an unusual amount of students already there.
‘Everyone is thinking the same, I see.’
He was more motivated than ever to start training in preparation for the practical evaluation.
The test subjects varied per class, but the class which Shirone belonged had targeting, a.k.a the evaluation called Speed Gun.
“Ugh! I guess today I’ll practice for Speed Gun until I die. It’s the subject I’m least confident in. Target types are lucky, they’ll have the advantage.”
“Not necessarily. The Target Form works best against a small number of targets, but during the evaluation, there will be a lot of them. Wouldn’t it be better to convert to Offensive Form and explode them at random?”
“Then you’ll get tired early. Still, it’s either Offensive Form or Target Form. No one would ever use the Deviate Form. How would they catch up with all the targets?”
“There are exceptions. I mean, look at Yiruki. Won’t he use the Deviate form again?”
“Haha! No way, unless he’s an idiot. But aside from that, I’m curious about Shirone. He’s strong in actual live practice. Is he going to find a breakthrough using the Defense Form?”
Though they were not top-rankers, Shirone and Yiruki were often mentioned.
The expectation was that they would show an exceptional performance at a decisive moment.
Though, it was also not unreasonable to think that Yiruki would cause a disaster this time around.
On the other hand, Shirone wanted to cry.
Strong in live practice? As if. He hadn’t even successfully cast the Photon Output yet.
“Ugh, what do I do? I’m getting antsy.”
At that moment, the other side of the training ground suddenly grew noisy.
The girls were the first to notice the sound of a dog barking. The boys, who belatedly noticed it as well, ran towards the noise.
“What the… How did it get in?”
“Must be a dog from the mountains. But why’s it barking like that?”
As people started gathering around it, the dog started getting defensive and growled. It bore its teeth.
Then the students from Class 7 started throwing stones.
“Hey! Get out of here! You’re making our days worse!”
The upper class didn’t even try to stop them.
They thought that since the dog was hostile to people, it was no different from a wild beast.
Conversely, Shirone, who had been listening carefully to the dog’s howling, ran to the dog with a surprised expression.
“Wait a minute! Stop throwing stones!”
Mark moved quickly.
“Hey, HEY! You guys are going too far! Your upperclassman is telling you to stop.”
While the students from Class 7 stood frozen, Shirone strode towards the dog.
Mark followed behind.
“It’s dangerous. It’s a wild dog.”
“ It doesn’t matter if they grew up in the wild, dogs don’t typically bite people as an instinct. They actually rather run away than fight.”
“But it’s barking like that!”
“That’s probably…”
The dog growled, but it couldn’t bear to attack, so it backed off.
Capitalizing on this, Shirone looked straight into the dog’s eyes and pushed it back into the woods.
As expected, a tiny puppy was lying in the grass.
“It hurt its leg.”
“Huh? You’re right. Guys, there’s a puppy. A puppy.”
Shirone stopped Mark.
“Don’t call them yet. If the dog feels that we might threaten the pup, it will attack. ”
“Oh, I see. Hey! Don’t come, don’t come!”
“Instead, can you find someone who can use Recovery magic? Someone from Class 5.”
He thought it would be nice if Sharelle could help, but no matter how close he was, he couldn’t call an upperclassman.
“Maria knows how to. Give me a minute, I’ll bring her.”
After her probation ended, Maria, guided by Thadd, had a much brighter personality.
“Oh my! How did it get hurt like this?”
“It looks like it was bitten because it got caught up in a territorial fight. Can you heal it?”
“Yes, I can. This small of an injury is easy.”
Maria healed the dog and the puppy with Recovery magic. The puppy, which regained its health, ran around in circles. The mother then stopped barking and took her pup back to the mountain.
“That’s amazing. How did you know there was a puppy?”
“Hm? Haha! I lived in the mountains for a long time.”
Shirone recalled when he was 11 years old. He had gone hunting with his father.
They were lucky that day. A red bear, which was known for its value as even the claws could be sold for money, was caught on a rope and was struggling. Vincent had hurriedly aimed his arrow at it, not giving it time to tear the rope.
Shirone waited behind anxiously. If they were to catch a red bear, they wouldn’t have to worry about food for the time being.
…But the arrow showed no sign of being released. Shirone turned his head in question, but Vincent had already retracted his bow and was preparing to leave.
“I couldn’t be any more unlucky. Let’s go back, Shirone.”
“Huh? Why don’t you catch it? Mom would surely love it.”
Vincent squatted down and pointed to where the bear was being held.
“Look over there, Shirone.”
Shirone looked carefully. It was a bear cub whimpering next to its captive mother.
“A hunter doesn’t catch a mother with a cub. Even though they are animals, they love their young the same way we humans do.”
“But then we’re at a loss. There’s amazing prey over there.”
Vincent looked at Shirone with a warm gaze.
“Just as that bear has a cub, I have you too. As a parent, how can I just ignore that? Fighting to live is the same for everyone. It doesn’t matter if you’re a human or animal. But you shouldn’t kill a parent in front of their child. It is an unwritten rule that applies to all living things.”
Shirone couldn’t express it in words, but he felt something get engraved into his heart.
Something that would never be forgotten even after a lifetime.
The students were moved by Shirone’s story.
“Ah……”
“Your dad’s amazing.”
“Yeah. No wonder Shirone is so kind.”
As Shirone’s classmates also joined in to say something, Yiruki appeared and decided to pour cold water on the warm atmosphere.
“That’s a stupid theory. Hunters don’t let go of their prey just because of that.”
Everyone turned their heads in discontent at Yiruki’s words, even the lowerclassmen.
But Yiruki kept calm.
“The reason why hunters don’t kill animals with babies present is so that the baby won’t grow up to be aggressive towards humans. In zoology, this is called the imprinting effect. Once the parents become hostile to humans, their offspring inherit their nature, and it becomes increasingly difficult to hunt them. But if you kill the young, the population would be cut off.”
Shirone choked up in tears. Of course, Yiruki was saying things without knowing anything, but his remark was an insult to his father’s sentiment.
“How can you say that? Of course, there are hunters who may think that way, but most hunters release the beast out of compassion.”
“Heart. Emotion. How they wanna package it is up to them. I’m talking about reality. Unlike you, I don’t delude people with foolish idealism.”
“What?! Are you done talking?!”
Shirone got up quickly and glared at Yiruki. This was their 2nd argument.
The student onlookers were dumbfounded. Shirone was not the type to fight anyone, while Yiruki didn’t get along with anyone. When the two collided, the tensions soared multiple folds.
“What is this? Did something happen between those two before? It seems like this is a continuation of something.”
“They’re keeping each other in check. After all, those two are definitely among the candidates to be promoted next.”
Shirone narrowed his eyes and glared. Yiruki, on the other hand, looked around and did something else. It was clear he did not want to fight.
“Hey, hey! Why are you guys like this again? No wonder it was quiet. Since a teacher is coming, let’s go back.”
Thanks to Nade interfering and tearing the two apart, it didn’t turn into a big fight, but Shirone was still displeased.
He couldn’t understand Yiruki’s way of thinking. First, his researching of a power strong enough to blow up a whole city. Secondly, belittling the lives of animals. Shirone did not like Yiruki’s perspective on things.
‘Whatever. I’ll stop confronting him from now on.’
Class started.
As Ethella climbed up the mountain, The mouths of the students dropped due to her unusual appearance.
Was it because it was the practical evaluation period? She was wearing a training suit with short sleeves. She also wore shorts that revealed her thighs for easier movement.
Most shocking of all was that she was not wearing glasses.
The male students’ minds went blank at the sight of her. How could one’s appearance change so much?
“You guys all know that there is a special education starting from today onwards, right? The Speed Gun exam for Class 5 will be held first due to the practice ground circumstances. Please note that the time allocations will be divided by class starting tomorrow. In any case, today’s class will begin after we watch the assistant’s demonstration. Samuel, this way.”
A tall, handsome blond man stood in front of the students. He seemed to be in his early 20s and had long hair stretching down to his waist, which was uncommon.
“The teaching assistant standing before you is Samuel, who is preparing for his graduation from the Advanced class. His major is Incantation magic, and today he came to demonstrate some magic. It is related to strengthening your Spirit Zone as well, so pay attention.”
The students gave a big round of applause, especially the female students.
“Nice to meet you. It feels like it was just yesterday that I was in your shoes. Time sure does fly. Although I’m not too skilled, I’ll do my best in hopes that it will help with your education.”
‘Advanced Class.’
Shirone’s eyes sparkled.
It was an opportunity to see how good the students who were competing with Amy were.
Shouts of awe burst out as Samuel opened his Spirit Zone in the Image Zone.
“Wow…”
A Spirit Zone 42 meters in diameter was surrounding him.
Samuel spoke.
“Incantation magic is used to strengthen magic through the power of words. First of all, let’s try to cast Tornado with no incantation for comparison. Tornado.”
A powerful tornado was cast in a short moment. Samuel raised both his hands lightly as if to support it.
“F-Fast.”
There were students in the Intermediate Classes who knew Tornado, but Samuel’s proficiency with it was on a whole other level.
Samuel spoke with a kind smile.
“Please remember the strength of the spell. This time, I’m going to use Incantation magic to strengthen it. By using the will contained in the words, the mage’s mental gets stronger.”
Samuel recited a poem consisting of eight phrases.
“Earth of furor, I borrow thy power, so touch my hand. Looking down at the sky, the history of achievement, be captured in a moment. When the power of inanity is in the hands…”
The faces of the students got painted with boredom as they felt like they were now in a literature class.
Though not long after, Samuel spoke, holding his hands up again.
“…Tornado.”
As the tornado burst out with a tremendous explosion, the students couldn’t help but hold their breath.
The wind was so condensed that Samuel’s figure looked hazy.
“This is the power of Incantation. Words have a will of their own, and when savored, it strengthens the mind. Speak and ruminate. That is the basic system of Incantation magic.”
“Haa.”
As the frozen-stilled students let out a breath, Samuel spoke with a smile.
“Now… let’s get down to business.
Chapter end

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 44 - Limitless(3) 9.txt
===============================
Chapter 44
The students were stupefied.
“G-Get down to business?”
They were bewildered because the power Samuel had shown just now was enough to really showcase the power of Incantation magic.
“Earth of furor.”
Samuel recited the same poem again.
One difference was that the speed at which he spoke became faster.
“I borrow thy power so touch my hand. Looking down at the sky, the history of achievement, be captured in a moment.”
It was almost frightening how fast he sped up. His words were almost incomprehensible.
“Thesacredlandoftheskyexistsinthyheart,andthewillofthemageistoextolandsingsongsofpraiseintheworld…!”
And finally, a sound that could not be considered as language broke and spread out.
Samuel’s face distorted terribly while the sound he was creating resembled that of a dolphin’s cry.
The speed of the incantation seemingly reached its limit.
He recited the phrases that took 2 minutes to complete in 4 seconds.
He cast the magic while clutching his chest.
BOOOOM!
A huge whirlwind with a mixture of dirt and dust soared through the sky.
“AAAHH!”
The loud shouts of children from the lower classes were heard, and a strong wind swept past their seats.
By the time the dust disappeared, Samuel had a peaceful expression with a soft smile on his face.
After the tinnitus disappeared from the ears of the students, Samuel explained calmly.
“That, everyone, was the basis of Incantation magic. It’s called Supersonic magic.”
“It is an indispensable skill in battle. Of course, it’s not just about speaking fast. It may have been simply a noise to you, but I ruminated over and over the full meaning of the phrases. I think the power of the whirlwind that every one of you has seen serves as proof of that.”
As they were still in a daze, nobody replied back, but everyone agreed with Samuel’s words.
It was the same for Shirone.
‘The Power of Incantation…’
‘The last whirlwind that was 10 times more powerful than the first.’
‘Is this the level of the Advanced Class?’
Not to mention, he was the teaching assistant that Ethella chose, so he must have been in the top ranks in the Advanced class.
But regardless, he was still a student.
The thought that Amy was competing with such people made him nervous, but at the same time, something hot flared inside him.
‘I’ll definitely reach that position.’
The other students seem to have felt the same way because their eyes looked slightly different from before.
This was the exact reason why Ethella called a teaching assistant.
“Good work, Samuel. The students should have picked up a few things. Thank you for following through despite the difficult request.”
“Not at all, Ms. Ethella. Just call me up anytime, I’ll be happy to help.”
Compared to the comfortable way the Intermediate class acted around Ethella, Samuel bowed his head politely.
‘That is the kind of world for mages.’
Shirone realized anew who he was taking lessons from.
Once Samuel eventually graduated, he would be a non-certified Grade 10 mage. However, the instructor in front of him was a Grade 6 mage, and a state-certified one at that.
‘How strong is she, our teacher?’
The other students must have registered this fact as well, as even after Samuel left, they were filled with reverence.
“Okay, everyone. Did you enjoy the demonstration of Incantation magic?”
“Yes!”
Hearing the louder-than-usual reply, Ethella nodded, satisfied.
“The reason why I decided to show you Incantation magic is because it’s closely related to the strengthening of your Spirit Zone that you will learn about today. Now, do you think you can answer this question? What is the best way to strengthen your thoughts?”
The students responded unanimously.
“Through words!”
“Correct. Because thoughts are made up of words. So in other words, what does this mean?”
Class 4 was the one who answered.
“You can materialize your thoughts.”
“Yes, exactly that. Whatever you think, you can see it with your own eyes. Now, close your eyes and try. See if you can see your thoughts.”
The students who actually tried realized what it felt like to see their thoughts.
“If you can see it with your eyes, it means it’s real. That’s the main point of Incantation. Incantation mages materialize the words they speak.”
Ethella raised her index finger and explained.
“The basic system of Incantation magic is simple. Speak and ruminate. Speak and ruminate. They continue to amplify the meaning of the words this way and strengthen the magic.”
A student from Class 7 asked.
“Ms. Ethella, then can we learn Incantation, too?”
Ethella smiled.
“Would you like to?”
“Yes. That older brother just now was really cool.”
“Right. Choosing a major is important. But unfortunately, since Incantation magic is a major, it will not be covered in Intermediate class.”
“Then how do we strengthen our Spirit Zone? Weren’t we gonna do it through Incantation?”
“And that is what I will explain starting now. Incantation is used to increase the power of certain magic. There are countless kinds of magic in the world, and there are also different languages to express that magic. However, the Spirit Zone purely operates through mentality, so there’s no need for you to learn linguistic or supersonic techniques.”
Ethella paused for a moment and entered the Image Zone.
“In order to strengthen your Spirit Zone, a unique concentration method called the Sequence method is required. Raise your hand if you have ever counted from 1 to 100 either in your head or through your mouth.”
Most of the students raised their hands.
“Good. How about 1 through 1,000?”
Those who lowered their hands looked around.
All of the Class 4 students raised their hands, but only a few from the lower-level classes were seen.
“The Sequence method is literally a technique that expands numbers. Contrary to language, numbers are symbols in the state of axiom. So it meshes well with the Spirit Zone.”
“So you’re saying that counting increases concentration?”
“That is correct. Of course, you can’t simply count numbers. That won’t do anything. Essentially, it’s the same as Incantation. Speak and ruminate. However, In the case of the Sequence method, you have to think and ruminate. The Sequence method will not work unless you focus on each and every number individually.”
Except for the fact that language was replaced with numbers, it had a similar mechanism to Incantation magic.
‘So that’s why we were shown a demonstration first.’
Ethella’s explanation continued.
“The faster the number expands, the stronger the Spirit Zone becomes. In other words, all parts such as the probability of a magic being activated and its precision are increased. However, you do have to keep a few things in mind. The Sequence method is not omnipotent. The Spirit Zone can only really be enhanced through rigorous mental discipline. So in the future, don’t rely too much on technical enhancements. That being said, I will now demonstrate the Sequence method myself.”
After the explanation, Ethella spread out her Spirit Zone but limited it to a diameter of about 10 meters for her demonstration.
“I will now perform the Sequence method. I will strengthen the currently visible Spirit Zone with only the Sequence method. Since this is not an Incantation, I will tell you the expansion of numbers in units and multiples of 10. Let’s begin. One.”
As soon as Ethella spoke the number, the Spirit Zone visibly grew.
“100.”
“100? Did she just say 100?”
Like Incantation, one needed to accurately perceive and recognize each number in order for the Sequence method to be effective.
Even so, counting to 100 in one second meant that the speed of her number expansion was insanely high.
“400.”
The students’ eyes grew to the size of saucers.
Suddenly, Ethella started to accelerate for it took her less and less time to pass an interval.
“1,000. 1,700. 2,400.”
Shirone was absolutely stupefied.
‘No way.’
How could a human being count that fast?
It did not even pass 10 seconds, but Ethella technically added 1+1 2,400 times while also ruminating on it.
As a result, the size of her Spirit Zone swelled into a sphere with a diameter of 30 meters.
It was only strengthened using the Sequence method.
When the sequence reached 10,000, the Spirit Zone gradually got smaller in size.
“Huuu…”
Her concentration which allowed her to count to 10,000 in one breath proved that she was worthy of her position as the youngest bishop of the Karsis Order.
‘She’s really amazing. How much do you have to train your mind to reach that level?’
The students were shocked. Even Ethella’s appearance seemed dim when compared to her abilities.
“Did you see? Depending on how quickly you perform the Sequence, the range of its enhancement increases. Since it is only a technique, if the Spirit Zone itself is insufficiently practiced, the method will also be inefficient. However, I think everyone here can use it effectively depending on the situation.
Shirone shouted Eureka.
‘That’s it!’
Shirone found the easiest way for him to use active magic despite his convergent and defensive tendencies.
‘To strengthen the Spirit Zone using the Sequence method.’
Ethella gave advice.
“The basis of the Sequence method puts 1 to 1,000 as the standard. Until you get used to it, focus on shortening your reach to 1,000.”
After the class was over, the students scattered and started immersing themselves in the Sequence technique.
After expanding the Sequence from 1 to 1,000, Shirone immediately checked his measured time.
‘Took me 48 seconds.’
It was an okay result considering it was his first try.
Most of all, the best part was that he finished counting up to 1,000 without stopping once.
In fact, it was normal for first-timers to lose concentration halfway through.
‘I have no problem with counting itself. Shall I expand the Sequence further…? No, teacher told us to focus on shortening the time it takes us to reach 1,000.’
Judging from Ethella’s personality, she must’ve determined that her previous demonstration was enough for her current class.
‘The 10,000 mark was just a model. An example. That must mean there’s a much higher level than that. Is it really possible through just counting numbers? If there is an actual special way…’
At that moment, a possibility came to Shirone’s mind.
The time fragmentation effect that he experienced while crossing the Bridge That Could Not Be Crossed.
‘Insight. Just as you can count the number of leaves, you can count numbers, but also feel them at the same time. I can group individual numbers into units and process them at once.’
Shirone did not know this, but what he thought of at that moment was the Concept of Modularity, which was the basic principle of Information magic.
Shirone immediately started putting it into practice.
‘Set the module unit to 10, and process the 10 pieces of information contained in that number in an integrated way…’
’10. 20. 30……’
As he moved forward, savoring the gaps between the numbers using insight, he began to gain momentum.
‘1,000!’
Shirone had arrived at 1,000 much faster speed than before.
Shirone switched his Spirit Zone into Attack Form.
‘Photon Output!’
A strong feeling of something leaving was felt, and a ray of light shot straight towards the forest and stretched far.
“Whoa! What is that?!”
Strictly speaking, he shot a sphere of light, but in people’s eyes, it looked like a ray of light.
Shirone clenched his fist.
‘Yes! I did it!’
His classmates talked about it amongst themselves.
“It’s a Photon Output. Is he preparing for the targeting exam?”
“But why go out of his way to learn that? Isn’t it a particularly useless magic? Though maybe he’s learning it to set foundations for Information magic?”
“It doesn’t matter because the target in the Image Zone activates upon any kind of magic. It is also said that it can be removed by recovery magic. Besides, it may be advantageous for the exam. That’s honestly super fast, isn’t it?”
The students nodded.
It was safe to say it had no power, but it was ideal for hitting fast-moving targets.
Chapter end

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 45 - Limitless(4) 5.txt
===============================
Chapter 45
Despite the commotion, Ethella turned her head.
As the students watched, flashes of light continued to shoot from Shirone’s hand.
‘Active magic.’
That meant that he had successfully strengthened his Spirit Zone.
Ethella approached Shirone.
“Shirone, I see that you’ve prepared well.”
“Thank you. But in fact, this is the first time I’ve succeeded.”
“The sequence method seems to have worked. Would you like to try it again? I’ll watch.”
“Alright.”
As Shirone cast photon output. Ethella touched her lips and fell into thought.
‘Hmm.’
It was not simply the Sequence.
‘He exceeded the level that can be strengthened with basic skills. Did he combine the modularization from the information department?’
Whether he did it while knowing or discovered it by accident, with Shirone’s insight, either was possible.
Organizing her thoughts, she made a suggestion.
“Shirone, you haven’t tried hitting a target yet, have you? Would you like to try out the Image Zone?”
“Yes.”
The students stopped what they were doing and gathered around to watch Shirone.
“How effective will photon output be?”
“Not sure. It’s one of the fastest magics out there, but the accuracy of it depends on the mage.”
After checking the safety device, Ethella spoke.
“You may begin.”
Shirone nodded and flicked his finger.
The target jumped up and flew around quickly.
The thorns of the Attack form pierced out in all directions, and one of them caught the target.
‘Photon output.’
The magic was cast without delay. A flash of light sped toward the target and turned it into ashes.
“Wow.”
The students were awed.
While it may not actually be effective in real combat, the flashy lights overwhelmed the viewers.
‘Not bad.’
The targets turned to ashes left and right as Shirone fired a series of flashes.
Shirone’s performance really emphasized the advantage of photon output in regards to the Speed Gun Test.
‘Yes! I can do it with this!”
The Sequence method already exceeded 1,500, and the count on the display board continued to rise.
Currently, Shirone had eliminated 172 targets.
Shirone had 20 seconds left. He could easily break through to 200 points, and with time to spare.
‘As expected, he’s using modularity.’
Ethella was finally certain.
The realization he had when he crossed the Bridge That Could Not Be Crossed continued to help him with the current exam.
‘I was worried for nothing.’
She originally thought it would be better to strengthen Shirone’s Spirit Zone through mental training rather than technical training because of his disposition.
‘Surprisingly, there is quite a belligerent side to him.’
His desire to obtain victory seemed to have spurred his thinking to become stronger and more fierce.
A minute passed, and when the targeting program ended, Shirone let out one big breath.
The final total was 342 points, which was recorded on the electronic signboard. All gazes were pointed there.
“342 in one minute. But how did he not miss one? Should I just switch to photon output instead?”
“Does that look easy to you? Shirone mastered teleportation. That’s why he’s at that level.”
Meanwhile, away from the group of students, Nade and Yiruki sat side by side and shared their opinions.
“As expected of Shirone. Even though he specializes in defense, he is also good at offense, too.”
As opposed to Nade, Yiruki was negative.
“I don’t know. 342 points isn’t all that great.”
“Still, it’s a great score for his first time. Up until yesterday, he didn’t even know how to output photons.”
“The number is not of importance. There’s a separate ability to grasp the main point. To have that kind of ability, that is what’s actually great.”
Nade was surprised.
“Oh, what a surprise. For you to praise Shirone of all people.”
“I’m just acknowledging what should be acknowledged. Anyways, it’ll be a good experiment anyway. We will get to see who is higher up in this practical evaluation.”
“What are you up to?”
Instead of answering, Yiruki headed to the Image Zone.
“Ms. Ethella, I would like to do it too.”
“Yiruki, you?”
Ethella looked uneasy.
‘There was that last incident as well…’
With Yiruki’s personality, Ethella didn’t know what would happen if she were to allow him to demonstrate recklessly.
“I’ll just do a quick warm-up and come down. The safety device is on anyway.”
Ethella was forced to say yes.
It was not fair to restrict a student who was eager to prepare for the exam.
“All right. But keep in mind, don’t make a scene.”
“Leave it to me.”
With Yiruki’s appearance, the students’ attention focused on him, and so did Shirone’s.
Honestly, he was curious.
‘Is the Savant Syndrome effective on the Sequence method?’
He may be able to do complicated calculations, but counting numbers quickly was a whole different matter.
While everyone had the same question, Yiruki cast the Deviate form of the Four Way Formation.
“Eh? Is he using the Deviate form this time as well?”
The smallest and most agile form out of the Four forms of the Four Way Formation, but due to that, there was little room to rely on synesthesia.
“Tell me about it. I mean, we’re going to hit them using our naked eyes, so wouldn’t it be better to use the Attack form?”
Contrary to the skepticism, Yiruki actually reduced his Spirit Zone even smaller. He did so in order to speed things up. When the signal flared, the 60-second countdown was seen along with targets soaring in the air.
Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang!
The Spirit Zone, which was reduced to 20 centimeters in diameter, moved as fast as a whip and hit the targets.
“Woah!”
Seeing the quick and accurate targeting, not only were the students surprised, but also Ethella.
‘To use the Deviate form. It’s a pretty unique approach.”
The count exceeded 100 points.
Since Shirone went through the same procedure, he was able to gauge Yiruki’s skill.
‘I see.’
If the photon output offset the distance, the Deviate form was also activated immediately.
‘The downside is that you have to discern the target with your naked eyes. But Yiruki…’
Did not need high dynamic visual acuity. With the help of the Savant Syndrome, he predicted where the targets would be in advance.
Yiruki was smiling.
‘You can’t be surprised already, Shirone.’
In the next moment, his Spirit Zone began to move at a speed that the eyes could not follow.
“Huh?”
The faces of the students were stained with astonishment. The sound of exploding targets could be heard from all directions.
POWPOWPOWPOWPOW!
Since the power of the Atomic bomb was minimized, it took little to no time for it to detonate.
When the count reached 200 points, Shirone could tell what was going to happen without having to see the final results.
‘The score will be higher than mine.’
Shirone was not bothered by it, but he was curious as to how Yiruki was strengthening his Spirit Zone.
“Perhaps modularization?”
“No.”
Nade said.
Although he was often caught in between the arguments of the two, he wasn’t the type to hate pure competition.
“Yiruki wants to beat you through his own method. Yiruki is not counting in the thousands.”
“Not in thousands? Then?”
“A million.”
Shirone’s mind went blank. Was it possible to count to one million in a minute?
One minute passed by in an instant, and Yiruki came down after using up that minute to its fullest.
The final score was 548 points.
It was a score that far exceeded what Shirone had gotten.
“That’s insane.”
Seeing Yiruki, who was seriously engaged in class for the first time, made the students murmur amongst themselves.
“548 points using the Deviate form? Is he really human?”
“He calculated the equations of motion for all the targets using his savant ability. Honestly, isn’t that cheating?”
Ethella was puzzled.
‘Hitting the target using the Deviate form is the result of coordinating between mathematical calculation and the usage of his Savant Syndrome. However…’
That alone did not explain how his Spirit Zone moved much faster than the targets.
‘How did he strengthen it?’
Her eyes twinkled as she pondered.
‘No way? That child…?”
Yiruki, who came down from the Image Zone, approached Shirone while looking at him inquisitively.
“How was it? Worth watching, wasn’t it?”
Shirone admitted honestly.
“Yeah, that was amazing. I never thought you could use the Deviate form in the way you just did.”
“Hmm, that’s it? Well, that’s disappointing.”
“What?”
Shirone frowned, but Yiruki couldn’t care less and continued to talk.
“To modularize numbers to speed up. I guess it was a method that utilized your strength.”
Shirone winced.
“Want me to teach you how I strengthened it?”
“Are you allowed to tell me so carelessly? Even though you seem to want to keep me in check?”
“I don’t care. It’s not something you can just do by knowing.”
As expected, Yiruki was skilled in getting under people’s skin.
“Actually, it’s nothing big or amazing. While you speed up by expanding your units using modularization, I speed up by reducing the units through algebra.”
“Huh? Algebra?”
Shirone’s mouth gaped.
‘Such a way exists…? No, he’s right, what he performed was just algebra… Albeit really quickly.’
Yiruki wasn’t lying when he said that knowing how to use the method did not equal to being able to use it.
“With logarithms, even astronomical numbers can be expressed in a simple way. This time, I just tried it out for practice. After all, the real competition is the practical evaluation.”
Shirone chewed on his lips.
‘Through the power of log, one could feel the numbers intuitively, no matter how big…’
‘I’m guessing even ten billion wouldn’t make him sweat. After all, logarithm was created to easily calculate and express difficult expressions.’
Therefore, if it was applied to a simple number play like the Sequence method, the whole operation would become extremely complicated.
‘But he did it. He developed his own Sequence method using the Savant Syndrome.’
What was Yiruki’s limit?
Amy Karmis, the members of the House of Ogent. Shirone had met many geniuses in his life, but it was his first time coming across someone with an extremely tilted pendulum of talent like Yiruki.
“What do you think? You still think you can beat me?”
“I’m not trying hard to beat anyone. If they try their best, it doesn’t matter who wins.”
“What a classic answer. Alright, we’ll see when the time comes. Maybe I was wrong, maybe you aren’t that guy. Maybe you never were to begin with. But next time, watch what you say. It’s unpleasant to hear an idealist with no skills say what life is all about.”
Shirone gritted his teeth
‘What in the world is wrong with him?’
He just wanted to say that everyone’s life was precious. But if even that was Idealism, at least according to Yiruki, then Shirone had no choice but to show him he was worthy of saying such things.
“Fine! If you think that way, then let’s compete. I will beat you for sure on this exam.”
“Haha! Now you’re talking. Though, the winner will still be me.”
“You…!”
The moment Shirone was about to go at him again, their classmates gathered around Yiruki.
“You were amazing! How did you do it? Can you teach me, too?”
“You had such a skill all along! Why did you hide it? Why don’t you join our research group? We might be able to finish our project within a month if you were to join.”
Compliments rained down, but not once did Yiruki’s expression change. Instead, he turned to Shirone.
“Shirone, the insight you showed during the Bridge That Cannot Be Crossed was a sight to see. However…”
He gave an ominous smirk and turned away on his heel.
“My calculation is faster than your insight.”
Shirone gulped.
He had faced lots of competition ever since he entered the magic academy, but it was his first time against such a powerful opponent.
Nade patted Shirone on the back.
“Cheer up. While this might sound bad, as a spectator, I can’t help but find this competition exciting. Of course, I don’t care who wins since you guys are both my friends.”
“Competition is what I want, too. But not this kind of competition. Yiruki just flat out hates me.”
“What can we do? That’s the guy he is. But not just him. To make him go all out like that, you bastard? You’re something yourself too. You two are probably the only ones who have the potential to break the highest targeting record.”
“Huh? What’s the score?”
“Let’s see. From what I know, it should be 987?”
“What? 987?”
Shirone was astonished.
Aside from his score, even Yiruki, who used log, scored only 500 points.
How fast did one have to be to earn a score of 987?
“That’s incredible. Who is it? They must have graduated already, right?”
“Eh? What are you talking about? How do you have no clue even though you guys are dating? The person who scored the highest was Amy.”
Chapter end

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 46 - Limitless(5) 8.txt
===============================
Chapter 46
“Amy…?”
Despite knowing that the Target form was her specialty and that it gave her an advantage during the exam, Shirone felt that the score of 987 points was out of this world.
Nade recalled and spoke.
“You might not know, but during exams, our senior focuses so hard to the point she seems like a different person. It’s no wonder she never lost her place as the rank 1 prior to entering the Advanced class. I mean, you’re also not much different in that sense.”
Shirone realized once again.
‘How many people of talent live in this world?’
But on the other hand, it gave him courage.
‘That’s right, there’s nothing that is absolute in this world. Like how Amy won using her own method, I will also win using my own method.’
Nade advised.
“There’s no need for you to break the highest record, so relax. Before the record-breaking 987 score, I heard that the highest score was somewhere in the late 700s. Our senior achieved her highest record when she was in Class 4, not 5, so even more reason to take it easy.”
“Hmm.”
Shirone thought.
‘Then let’s make my primary goal 700 points.’
3 weeks were left before D-day. Shirone had to think of a way to raise his score in that short period of time.
‘I won’t lose. Not in a million years.’
Shirone clenched his fists.
The only thing clouding his thoughts was the Sequence method.
He had to count faster than Yiruki, but he couldn’t come up with a number.
‘Damn it. How should I execute this exactly?’
No matter how much he increased the set numbers using modularity, it was shabby compared to the unit compressive force of log.
“First, let’s train.”
At night, Shirone practiced Photon Output.
The speed at which the Sequence method reached the last number was much faster, but even so, he could only count to 10,000 in one minute.
‘Yiruki reached one million on the first day. I may have the upper hand in terms of stamina, but Yiruki is superior in terms of the speed at which he strengthens his Spirit Zone. If I do nothing about the gap between us, winning will not be possible.’
There was the exam he had to think about as well.
If there were an unlimited number of targets, achieving 1,000 points wouldn’t be too difficult, but there was a unique pattern.
‘At level 1, 10 targets appear. You have to take them all out in order to move on to level 2. Moreover, with each increase in level, there’s an additional target that gets added.’
At level 10, nineteen targets appeared all at once.
Therefore, if one were to start off slow from the beginning and take too much time, one wouldn’t be able to earn a high score.
‘If I miss a target even once, the delay could prove fatal. After all, the name of the game is Speed Gun.’
Shirone finished training around midnight.
Currently, Shirone’s daily routine looked something like this:
He would go to his dorm, sleep like the dead, wake up to take classes, train until midnight, and then repeat the process all over again.
Other students either shared tips and tricks with each other or practiced the Sequence method while waiting in line for the Image Zone.
When it was his turn, Shirone poured out everything he learned and trained without restraint.
Every time the thorns of the Attack Form made contact with a target, the beam of the Photon Output pierced the air.
The students gave him their full attention.
“It’s getting faster and faster.”
As Shirone continued to get used to active magic, eventually, he was able to hit the mark without even turning his body.
A minute passed by in a blur for the students who watched the light show.
The final score was 567 points.
Shirone regained his confidence seeing as his score was higher than what Yiruki had gotten previously.
‘Good. It’s faster than before.’
…Though, his performance lowered the self-esteem of his classmates.
“Over 200 points more than his last score! And all this In the span of a week?! What the hell is this?! It’s an absolute violation of equity!”
“The speed of those light bullets are too fast. Once a target is sighted, it never misses, so leveling up is a piece of cake. Moreso, his linking has improved. He seems to be casting more than 4 times per second.”
“Seeing Shirone’s performance has gotten me fired up!”
“Let’s do this!”
And so, the students eagerly awaited their turn in the Image Zone.
“I guess it’s my turn now?”
Since it was almost the end of the class, the line for the Image Zone dwindled, and as such, the aloof-looking Yiruki made his appearance.
Until now, he wasn’t even practicing and was relaxing under the shade of a tree.
The corner of his mouth curved up and Shirone watched him activate the targeting program.
As soon as Yiruki released his Spirit Zone, he immediately switched to the Deviate Form. And this time, it was smaller than before.
Sounds of awe erupted from all around.
“Wow…”
Shirone’s light was flashy, but Yiruki’s demonstration of speed excited the spectators as well.
“Done.”
After one minute was up, Yiruki didn’t even look back to check his score as he walked away with hands clasped behind his back.
His final score was 568 points.
A single point ahead of Shirone’s.
‘…That was not a coincidence.’
Even after this incident, Shirone’s skills continued to improve, but Yiruki was always ahead by a single point.
The intention was clear.
“Yiruki wins once again. As expected, I don’t think Shirone can do it.”
It was Yiruki’s strategy to drive Shirone into a corner. He wanted to make him despair. He wanted to make him feel like no matter how hard he tried, there was no way he’d win.
‘I won’t give up, no matter what!’
Despite Yiruki constantly one-upping him, Shirone continued to devote himself to the Sequence method.
As Shirone broke through and exceeded the multiples of 100, the performance of his Spirit Zone increased exponentially.
In his last practice before the exam, Shirone surpassed 700 points, a score difficult to achieve.
Students cheered for him.
“I can’t believe the score I’m seeing right now. It really IS possible to earn such a score.”
“If you don’t pass level 10 in approximately 10 seconds, it’s impossible to get to the 700 mark. If so, how many do you have to knock down in a second?”
Shirone made a fist.
‘I did it. I earned 70 more points compared to my last real practice. I’ve reached the primary goal I set.’
With the exam day right ahead of him, Shirone’s concentration only increased.
Shirone came down the stairs while hiding his excitement. At the same time, Yiruki walked past him and said.
“Congrats. 700 is definitely an impressive score. Your growth rate is fast, almost to the point it’s scary.”
“Cause I don’t want to lose to you.”
“Kekeke, I see. But you shouldn’t let your guard down. The exam hasn’t even started yet.”
By the time Shirone reached the bottom of the stairs and turned around, Yiruki was already practicing for the Speed gun.
The students’ eyes widened.
“Wow! It must take some serious skills to make the Spirit Zone that small.”
The Deviate form was almost the size of a marble, and it was so fast that not even an afterimage was apparent.
BAMBAMBAMBAMBAM!
With Yiruki in the center, it looked like the explosions were just happening on their own.
BAMBAMBAMBAMBAMBAMBAMBAMBAMBAM!
…And just like that, a minute passed.
Silence.
701.
He beat the score Shirone tried so hard to reach by one point yet again.
The students shouted.
“Amazing! Yiruki still has the upper hand!”
They were looking forward to the competition between Shirone and Yiruki.
One genius vs. another genius.
So far, Yiruki was winning.
‘Again with that one point difference?’
For once, Shirone broke into a cold sweat.
If Yiruki had won using all his might, Shirone wouldn’t have been so nervous.
‘I don’t know. What’s the highest point Yiruki can score?’
The evaluation period started next week.
Class 5 had the busiest schedule, so even with the weekends included, he only had three days left.
‘I need to find a way.’
Shirone left the training ground with an anxious heart.
Central park, which was usually packed with students during the holidays, was empty due to the pressure of the exams.
On a quiet street where most shops were closed, Sharelle headed towards the fountain.
‘Am I too early?’
She was excluded from the Intermediate class evaluation because she had submitted the Advanced Class promotion application the day before yesterday.
Arriving at the fountain, a red-headed girl was sitting on a bench reading a book.
Sharelle’s face brightened.
“Amy!”
Amy, who had a haggard expression, heard her and closed the book she was reading and stood up.
“Wow, you’re so thin. The Advanced Class must be hard.”
Amy had become much thinner and was evidently lacking sleep as her face was pale. There were even not-so-concealed dark circles under her eyes.
“Soon, we’ll look like twins. Anyways, welcome to hell. Here, are the files you asked for.”
Amy passed over the files related to the Advanced Class promotion.
It wasn’t considered an expedient means because what she handed was information all Advanced students had access to.
“Thanks. Let’s sit down first. Wanna drink something?”
“Coffee. Coffee is the only reason I’m alive and awake.”
They each bought a cup of coffee from an empty cafe and returned to the park.
They sat down on a bench.
Sharelle asked a question after looking through the files.
“How is it? Is the promotion exam very difficult?”
“Hmm, should I say it’s hard? The level is high, that’s for sure. However, it doesn’t use the system where your score determines whether you fail or pass. Instead, it’s like checking what you can do… Kind of? That’s why cramming is out of the picture. It won’t help. Essentially, they examine the standard at which you can operate.”
“Yeah? That makes me more nervous.”
“It’s fine. Being at the top of Class 4 definitely means you’re at the Advanced class level. The problem is what comes after.”
“The after…”
Sharelle, who was deep in thought, turned her head to look at Amy. She saw her looking up at the sky.
‘She’s changed.’
Although her appearance was downright bad, Sharelle could feel a distinctive aura unique to those from the Advanced Class.
‘The mental, physical, and technical parts of her all seem to have become stronger. I should get promoted quickly.’
Amy, who was sucking on an empty cup of iced coffee, opened her mouth.
“How’s Shirone these days?”
“Hoho! I thought you’d never ask. You guys seriously haven’t met up once? Haven’t you heard the rumors?”
“Don’t know. I don’t have the time, and both of our classes are strictly divided anyway. Though I did hear that Samuel visited as a teaching assistant. In any case, what are those rumors you mentioned?”
“There’s something fun happening in Class 5.”
“Something fun?”
As Amy faced her with the straw still in her mouth, Sharelle did what she did best. Blabber away.
The main point was that Shirone and Yiruki were having a showdown, with the Speed Gun exam as the backdrop.
“…Reducing the units through log. That’s quite fresh. Very Yiruki-like.”
Sharelle was surprised.
“Eh? You know Yiruki?”
“Of course. We were classmates. Of course, I got promoted early, so we weren’t close. But he’s that guy, the one with Savant Syndrome, right?”
“Ho? You do really know him. Have you talked? He doesn’t seem very friendly.”
“Yeah, I did. When I freshly entered Class 5, he was the one who started the conversation.”
“What? Does he perhaps like you? Oh my god. Then it’s a battle between two love rivals.
“Keep talking. He’s a bit weird, you know? He talks like he’s dried up and numb from any sort of emotion. I think that whatever he’s doing to Shirone right now, he was gonna do to me. After all, he immediately picked a fight with me. Though I couldn’t be bothered, so after I stopped paying any attention to him, his interest towards me naturally dwindled.”
“Hmm, in other words, he is a genius hunter. What do we do? Shirone was unlucky to get caught.”
“I don’t think it’s to that extent. It’s a barrier he has to cross either way. Doesn’t matter if it’s now or in the near future. But I agree, he will have quite a difficult time. Using log in Speed Gun will get Yiruki a pretty high score.”
Sharelle glowered a bit.
“How can you say that? Your boyfriend is standing at the edge of a cliff and needs some cheering up. What if Shirone loses?”
“It’s just an exam. They aren’t fighting. Losing is an inevitability, no need to go nuts…”
Amy seemed unimpressed.
Since everyone in the Advanced Class were stars, it did not matter who won or lost, but…
Sharelle was still disappointed.
“You’ve never lost before! So say something that’ll cheer Shirone up! I’ll personally deliver your message.”
“No need. You’ll probably exaggerate whatever I say anyways. Plus, it’s not like it’s a promotion exam or anything of great importance this time. It’s a practical evaluation, for heaven’s sake. Shirone is someone who’s aiming to join the Advanced Class. It’ll be a good experience for him.”
“Then maybe share the secret to getting a high score in Speed Gun. You’re the record holder, after all.”
“Advice, you say? There’s no advice I can give Shirone as he probably already knows what he needs to do. I’m not like this because I’m uninterested, it’s because Shirone’s really talented. You said he achieved 700 points. I only reached that high score because I specialize in the Target Form.”
The one person who wished the two the best more than anyone else was heartbroken.
“Then what? Shirone still has a chance of winning, right? He has to win.”
Amy just nodded her head back and forth with the straw still in her mouth.
‘Yiruki Mercodine.’
Though she disliked his first impression, he was a formidable opponent.
“It is quite tricky if we were to only look at his targeting. That’s why the Savant Syndrome is such a strong weapon. With the addition of logs, he is close to being a firm, resistant wall. In fact, he’s nearly an unbreakable one. And not only that, you said he’s serious this time around. If we competed in the Speed Gun test back when I was in Class 5, and if he was seriously determined to win…”
“Wh-What?”
Amy, who was debating on the result, bore a frown and said.
“I would’ve probably lost.”
“What?!”
Amy never gave up her seat as the rank #1 in the Intermediate class, so Sharelle couldn’t help but be shocked.
Considering she was already in the Advanced Class, she may have been generous with her claim as everything was in the past, but it was still a pretty big statement nonetheless.
Sharelle looked like she was about to cry.
“Wh-What…? So what about our Shiro?”

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 47 - Limitless(6) 11.txt
===============================
Chapter 47
With the practical evaluation one day away, Shirone meditated in his dorm room.
‘I did everything I could.’
He didn’t have the time to devise a new special method for doing so would only hamper his ability to perform.
So instead, he explored the essence of the Sequence method.
‘What is the Sequence method?’
Starting with the question that marked the beginning of everything…
‘Why is it the Sequence method…?’
‘How is the Sequence method…?’
He pondered nonstop.
Shirone, who thought of so many questions it could fill up a field, closed his eyes.
‘Don’t think… Feel.’
Just like that, Shirone embarked on a journey in which he built up his knowledge of the Sequence method from the base while increasing his knowledge one step at a time.
He has no set goal or limit in regards to how long and how far he should count.
‘I feel unrestrained. There is no incorrect path.’
How long had he been at it?
When he reached a point most humans never set foot in, Shirone had a sudden thought.
“Ah…”
When he reopened his eyes, the sun was there.
24 hours had gone by, and yet Shirone didn’t even feel an ounce of fatigue.
However, a holy light that could not be described by any human emotions or words was fluttering in his eyes.
With a sorrowful expression, he asked in the direction of the ceiling.
“Is that so?”
No one replied back, but Shirone felt like he had already received a response.
There was still an hour left before the practical evaluation, but the training ground was swarming with participants.
The academy also paid great attention to this exam’s preparation.
The safety device was strengthened, and scoreboards to keep track of the scores were placed all over the place.
Although today was for the Speed Gun exam, Class 7 and 6 attended without exception. They were hoping to impress their upperclassmen.
On the other hand, most of Class 4 were not present.
Only a few who took interest in Shirone and Yiruki’s contest bothered to take the time to watch.
Of course, if someone had to name a person most recognized among them, it would be Sharelle, a prospective Advanced Class student.
Mark being Mark, ran up to her and said his hellos.
“Senior! Hello!”
“Hey. All the lowerclassmen seem to be present. Well, I used to be like that, too.”
“That hurts my feelings, senior. I’m only here to cheer and celebrate senior Shirone’s victory today!”
“Oh! Good! Very good! Then let us fire up and cheer like crazy!”
The two were able to take the best seats available.
Needless to say, wherever Sharelle passed by, the path always opened up by itself.
As predicted, the students’ interest was towards Shirone and Yiruki’s Speed Gun competition.
“Up until now, Yiruki has always had the upper hand, but there’s a variable nobody can control. The practical exam is done by two people at the same time.”
The reason why the academy chose to go for a competition layout was to push the students to achieve higher scores.
“It’s similar to a race. If you have a competitor, you get a score higher than when you take it by yourself. But can that variable alone bridge the gap? Yiruki hasn’t even tried his best yet.”
“That’s why I find it dangerous. For me, the level of tension I feel during actual combat is different. If you set the difficulty of training too low, you may not reach your maximum potential in actual combat.”
“Each of you, check your assigned group and wait for your turn. The exam will begin in 10 minutes.”
As Ethella started talking, everyone went quiet.
In order to maximize their potential, students were partnered with opponents of similar records.
In addition, those with high records were placed on the second half of the exam. This was to ensure that those who were not as talented would not suffer any psychological blow before their turn to perform.
As such, both Shirone and Yiruki were allocated under group 20.
‘As expected.’
The 10 minutes came to an end, and two people from group 1 walked towards the Image Zone.
“It’s finally starting. I’m nervous.”
The Speed Gun was popular with the spectators due to its competitive nature.
Perhaps the participants were aware of that as well, as even if they attained a new high score, they would return to their seats with an unsatisfied expression if they lost to their opponent.
“Good job. Next group, get ready.”
It took about an hour to get through 10 groups and the highest score so far was 533.
Nade earned a score of 491, which was considered to be slightly above class average.
As the second half neared, the hearts of the spectators thumped faster, and their cheers got louder.
They knew as well.
‘Soon.’
The main event of the day was coming soon.
“Nice job, group 19. Alright, the next group is the last—”
“WOOOOOO!”
Ethella’s voice got buried under the loud shouts.
Contrary to the excited students, Shirone and Yiruki didn’t even bother glancing at each other.
They only stared straight ahead.
Mark, who saw Shirone, spoke.
“Wow, upperclassman Shirone sure looks psyched up! However, won’t it be hard for him this time around? I heard upperclassman Yiruki say he was falling behind.”
Sharelle made an unhappy grunt.
“Shirone is stronger in actual combat. Even during that teleportation exam, if I remember correctly, a certain someone said something similar and paid the price for it, correct?”
“Haha… Right…”
Mark let out an empty laugh and gave his cheek a scratch.
Shirone and Yiruki got into their place inside the Image Zone. Ethella went over the rules.
“You have one minute. You begin as soon as the red light from the scoreboard flashes. The divisions are divided using Magic barriers, so work comfortably and feel free to think of it as an individual test. Also, a lot of your lowerclassmen are watching, so don’t do anything embarrassing.”
As if to save their energy, the two only nodded and moved away from each other.
The cheers quieted down, and the lowerclassmen held their breaths and kept their eyes wide open so as not to miss a single movement.
‘Both are holders of records over 700 points. They will start off strong in the beginning.’
Shirone stared at the scoreboard indifferently.
Though his heart was beating slightly faster than normal, he was in a state where he couldn’t feel any nervousness.
Perfect concentration.
“We will begin in…”
When the preliminary light on the scoreboard turned on, Shirone counted in his head.
‘3… 2… 1…’
The moment the red light flashed, Shirone began his onslaught.
Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam!
Ten Photon outputs per second shot out in all directions, hitting the targets.
Yiruki’s Spirit Zone also moved like a bee, causing a train of explosions.
“Both of them are so fast! As soon as they began, everything exploded!”
In the midst of Mark’s excited shouts, in level 2 and level 3, the targets disappeared as soon as they appeared.
They were on equal grounds up to level 6, so Sharelle clenched her fist.
“Nice! If Shirone keeps this up, he might actually win.”
The two, who passed level 10 at about the same time, took a huge breath.
‘The real battle starts now.’
The number of targets for level 11 was twenty.
They could not get rid of that many targets in a single breath, so the road up ahead would only become more complicated.
The current score was 239 points vs. 237 points, with Shirone ahead by a narrow margin.
As the level rose, the number of targets would also increase, so at this pace, they would definitely pass 700 points.
‘Good! I’m in my best condition. Even though Yiruki is trying his hardest, I’m not getting pushed back.’
Even a single mistake was fatal. But thankfully, Shirone’s Photon output never missed its mark.
That was the same for Yiruki who was a savant.
‘Oh, so you wanna play?’
The Spirit Zone of Yirruki, who was using the Sequence method of log, sped up.
377 points vs. 377 points.
At the 30-second mark when Yiruki caught up, Shirone accelerated his Sequence method.
‘Faster… FASTER!’
Shirone was in his absolute best condition ever.
As he continuously jumped over huge numbers, the world flashed left and right in a quick blink of an eye.
The students shouted.
“Shirone is in the lead again by 4 points!”
Yiruki was slowly being driven to the edge.
Unlike the practice rounds, he was actually putting in effort this time around.
“Still, I’m being pushed back? My calculation speed?”
He couldn’t understand.
Only three days ago, he was well ahead of the game. What kind of magic did Shirone conjure in that short period of time?
Shirone seized his consciousness desperately.
‘Release the limitations of modularization.’
If he had been dealing with multiples of 100 before, now, he was doing whatever random calculations came to mind… At least it seemed random. Shirone was relying on his intuition to give him numbers that would work.
187, 293, 378, 423…
Shirone’s concentration had reached an all-time high. He was on a tightrope where the Sequence method itself would collapse if even one number was not analyzed properly.
469 points vs. 432 points.
When Shirone suddenly propelled, all the students stood up and cried out.
Even Ethella couldn’t take her eyes off as she couldn’t determine who would win either.
Yiruki saw through Shirone’s plan.
‘He broke the arithmetic routine. A kind of mental doping, I should say. He is thinking of absolutely winning .’
The corner of his mouth tilted up.
‘Do you know how long I’ve waited for this?’
For an opponent who would put in everything they had.
‘I’ll face you, Shirone.’
To take on his first, legit rival, Yiruki chose to walk on a tightrope as well.
‘My gambling is on a different level than yours.’
The change happened instantly, and the students noticed it too.
“Hey, what’s going on?!”
542 points vs. 558 points.
Yiruki’s newfound speed managed to catch up with Shirone’s and not long after, completely surpass his.
Mark questioned.
“Senior Sharelle, how did this happen? Did upperclassman Shirone perhaps make a mista…”
“No, Shirone’s speed is also increasing. It’s just that Yiruki’s is speeding up at a faster rate.”
“But he gained 100 points in a heartbeat! Is it possible to suddenly increase 2 folds like that?”
Sharelle pursed her lips.
It still didn’t appear possible, but there was no other explanation.
Also, if it was actually feasible, the current situation would be perfectly explainable.
“That guy… He has two Spirit Zones.”
As soon as Sharelle spoke those words, the lowerclassmen squinted their eyes to try and detect even a wisp of the 2nd alleged Spirit Zone.
Although it was blurry, it seemed like there were two afterimages flying around at different angles.
“I-It’s true!”
Sharelle’s expression turned dark.
‘I knew he was outstanding, but really, a double Spirit Zone?’
Mental Partition, a unique characteristic of Deviant types.
However, not every Deivate type could do it. Even if one were familiar with the Deivate form, only a chosen few could put this advanced skill into action.
‘It’s my first time seeing it. Currently, Yiruki is probably the only one who can do it in this entire academy, including the Advanced class. Above all, even though he split his mind into two…’
His speed did not drop.
‘He is carrying out two different Sequence methods at the same time. Is that even something a single human brain can do?’
Yiruki’s performance proved that it was possible.
‘To process everything with mental arithmetic… That is not a level that can be explained by the word ‘talent… Yiruki is more like a mutant.’
The Savant Syndrome’s true power could be seen through the scoreboard.
692 points vs. 845 points.
There was over a 100-point difference, and Yiruki was ahead in terms of level as well.
“It’s over. The winner will be decided here.”
While most students were thinking Yiruki had won already, Shirone did not give up.
‘More. I have to tie up more numbers!’
The amount of numbers Shirone was processing using modularity was not at an average of 1,000 or more.
732 points vs. 911 points.
Shirone broke his personal highest score… But Yiruki was far ahead.
It looked like he was going to break Amy’s record.
The students just sat there as if they had lost their souls.
“Yiruki… He’s out-of-this-world amazing. At this rate, he’s going to write a new history for Class 5.”
Meanwhile, Shirone didn’t stray away from his thoughts. There was only one thing on his mind.
‘I can’t reach it through arithmetic.’
He had to go beyond.
‘Can I do it?’
Was this really an ability humans were allowed to use?
There wasn’t anyone who was going to answer those inquiries, but Shirone felt like he received just the answer he needed.
‘In order to transcend the number… I have to…’
‘REACH FOR INFINITY.’
PR Note: Prolly the worst cliffhanger yet no cap.
Chapter end

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 48 - Limitless(7) 14.txt
===============================
Chapter 48
Shirone’s calculations got faster.
However, the place Shirone wanted to reach was a point that was impossible to attain using the Sequence method.
A concept that went beyond units.
‘Infinity.’
The limit of modularization, which bundled hundreds and thousands, gradually disappeared…
‘Even further…’
It was as if all the numbers that existed in the world combined into a single point.
Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam!
The attention of the students focused back on Shirone when the speed at which his targets exploded skyrocketed.
Two flashes of lights appeared at the same time.
“Senior Shirone is also doubling! B-But isn’t it already too late? They only have…”
“No, it’s not double.”
Sharelle couldn’t believe the scene in front of her.
The number of flashes continued to double, and eventually they started colliding with each other.
A shudder ran down Shirone’s back at the feeling of liberation.
“Ah…”
The feeling was out of this world.
All the senses that made Shirone himself permeated into creation, even his ego seemed to disappear.
The flashes all around combined into one, and in the end, a huge curtain covered the area.
The targets didn’t even have a chance to make an appearance before exploding.
The Speed Gun level began to continuously rise.
Shirone could not stop the tears from dripping down his face.
‘Ahhh… AHHHHH!’
It was being forgotten.
His own name. His existence. Everything that constituted him was fading away from the world.
As for Yiruki, he focused harder on himself.
“Eeeeuukk!”
He checked Shirone’s score and noticed that it was catching up to his quickly, but he didn’t seem to care.
No matter how much Shirone sped up, he felt that he just had to run a bit faster to maintain the higher score.
‘A savant’s calculation has no limits! Watch me calculate everything! I’ll see to it that I reach the end of the numbers that exist in the world!’
Yiruki’s double Spirit Zone flew around so fast that not even an afterimage was in sight.
‘I’ll win! I can win! I have 1 second left! 0.9 second! 0.85 second! What kind of timer goes this F*ckING SLOW!!!!!’
BEEP!
The one minute that felt like an eternity was finally over.
As soon as the target holograms disappeared, Shirone and Yiruki fell on their asses at the same time.
“Haah… Haah.”
Compared to Yiruki, who was gasping for air, Shirone had his head lowered. He was not moving an inch.
He had already lost consciousness.
“Hooo…”
Yiruki checked his score.
1,247 points.
Yiruki set an unprecedented record. He somehow managed to beat Amy’s highest record by 260 points.
‘Not bad. Did I win? Why don’t I hear anything? What’s Shirone doing?’
Yiruki turned his head and saw that Shirone’s head was tilted to the point it was nearly touching his chest. He wasn’t moving.
Shirone was still breathing, and he didn’t seem dead, but at the same time, he didn’t seem alive either. It was a strange feeling.
‘What?’
Yiruki checked out Shirone’s score.
1,253 points.
Mark couldn’t believe it and swung his head back and forth between Shirone’s and Yiruki’s scoreboard. Then he opened his mouth.
“S-Senior… Shirone… Senior Shirone…”
“Shirone won!”
Sharelle, who was hugging Mark while leaping around, ran to Shirone. And with her were the lowerclassmen, who were fighting to reach him first.
“HEUK!”
And as if he had just been resuscitated, Shirone gasped for air.
His mind, which had scattered after delving into the Infinite Realm, started combining back together along with the threads of his consciousness.
“Ughh…”
He looked around to see Sharelle and a bunch of other students crowding around him.
“Shirone, are you okay? It’s me, Sharelle.”
His memories had returned. And Shirone, who had finally regained his ego, gave a soft smile.
“Yes. I’m alright.”
The moment he himself solidified that he was okay, the lowerclassmen and his classmates cheered, whistled, and applauded.
“You were sooo amazing! Really, you’re the best Shirone!”
While everyone was praising Shirone, nobody was around Yiruki.
Yiruki was deep in thought with an indifferent look when someone approached and placed their hand on his shoulder.
It was Nade.
“You lost. But it was a great match.”
“Not really, you don’t compete to look good. You do it to win.”
Hearing Yiruki’s response, the corner of Nade’s mouth went up, and he looked towards Shirone.
‘He’s an incredible guy.’
And considering he was his friend as well, his heart silently gave him a thumbs up.
‘Congratulations, Shirone.’
Unlike the students who couldn’t hide their excitement, Ethella had a serious expression.
The difference in their score was tiny, but the difference in their mental speed was huge.
‘Yiruki tried to reach the end of the number. To have gone beyond that…?’
There was the notion of infinity.
The greatest axiom that could never be reached by simply being pushed to the limit, far beyond the number.
Some call such a thing god, and some others call it All Creation.
‘Humans cannot become infinite. But… They can reach it.’
The emotions contained in these sentences were the sorrows that Shirone felt last night.
‘How long have you known?’
Realizing the finite barrier of numbers, Shirone spread his mind into the Infinite Realm.
Indeed, humans could reach Infinity, but from then on… They were no longer human…
‘Was he really planning to leave?’
Mages referred to this phenomenon as the ‘Immortal Function.’
And Ethella knew another name for this occurrence. A name that came from the monks.
‘Nirvana [निर्वाण] ‘
It was not a level that an ordinary person could reach…
But it was also something that shouldn’t be reached for in the first place.
Tears welled up in Ethella’s eyes.
‘No, Shirone. Humans should not recklessly embrace infinity. No matter how glorious one may seem, no matter how brilliant one may seem, the moment you enter Nirvana, your existence…’
‘Will crumble away and dissipate.’
Only high monks, who realized the world’s impermanence through long asceticism, laid down everything and entered the world of Nirvana. But Shirone was still only a 17-year-old boy.
He had a bright future ahead. Infinity was a dangerous and futile venture.
‘Right, seeing as how it ended with him only losing consciousness, it doesn’t seem like he completed the journey. However, if he actually did enter Nirvana…’
Then even Ethella didn’t know what was next.
The only thing she knew was that she would have to live the rest of her life repenting for Shirone.
Uncharacteristically, for someone who won first place, Shirone was lost in thought and looked sad.
Ethella was sure it was no coincidence.
“Shirone, you…”
“I’m sorry, Ms. Ethella. I wanted to win. I wasn’t sure how dangerous it was.”
“Since when?”
“I left for… A very long journey.”
All the emotions Shirone experienced were hidden in his words, similar to that of a zen riddle.
“Don’t worry, instructor. Because now I know. I won’t make the same mistake.”
Ethella knew he needed no advice.
He understood the situation and stopped himself, so Shirone deserved to make his own choices as well.
“Alright. Please, treasure yourself. This teacher loves and cares a lot for you.”
Not as a mage, but as a monk, Ethella was genuinely concerned about Shirone’s state.
“Yes, I’ll keep that in mind.”
Seeing the opportunity, the students rushed forward.
“I love you too, Ms. Ethella!”
Siena would have rained fire on them and scolded them, but Ethella patted each and every one of them on the head.
“I love all of you guys too. Now I should finish the exam.”
Class 5 gathered on the training ground.
Everyone had done their best, so they harbored satisfied expressions.
“Good job. It’s nice to end early on days when you have exams, right? Everyone has worked hard. All of you take a good rest and have fun training for next time. Thank you for your hard work.“
Since Ethella practiced monk etiquette, the students copied her. Half as a joke, and the other half as respect.
“Thank you for your hard work, Ms. Ethella!”
Even after Ethella went down the mountain, the students could not leave because of their lingering emotions.
“Shirone, I’m so happy for you! I’m sure Amy would be as well! No, wait… Would she be angry since her record got broken…? Eh, whatever! It’s her own boyfriend who won! Hohoho!”
Shirone showed signs of exhaustion while listening to Sharelle blabber away.
‘I want to rest.’
And as if to answer his prayer, Yiruki approached, causing everyone to shut up.
“Oho.”
The students watched, excited.
They were curious as to how the haughty genius would dig at Shirone this time.
Contrary to their expectations, however, Yiruki did the exact opposite.
“I lost. Completely.”
“No, I don’t think that way.”
“At times like these, you don’t have to be humble. Especially when it’s a guy like me who’s waving the white flag.”
“I really don’t think I won. This exam was evaluating targeting. However, the last magic I cast covered up the entire area.”
“Keukeuk. Seriously, you really don’t change. Just because you eliminated the targets all at once doesn’t mean you didn’t use targeting. That was still targeting, so don’t feel iffy about it. You won.”
After a short pause, Shirone’s eyes hardened.
“Then admit it. It’s not idealism. It is wrong to study a magic that is strong enough to destroy a city while not accounting for the humans contained within it.”
“Yeah, you’re right. Sorry.”
He admitted it so easily that he left Shirone rather puzzled.
Even though his admission didn’t fully satisfy Shirone, he knew Yiruki was a nerd who only pursued mathematical results.
“…Are you serious?”
“Shirone, you are misunderstanding. Explosion is not equivalent to violence. Violence is the will to hurt someone. It’s up to the humans. There’s no will to an explosion. It’s just something that has a much stronger energy than humans.”
“But it is us humans who wield that energy. We might not have it within us, be we can wield it.”
“I agree. So this is how I define explosions. It is an uncontrollable energy. But you know, what if we are able to control the explosion? Explosions powerful enough to blow up cities can turn into a force for good. Imagine… An energy that can feed and keep 100,000 people alive. In simpler terms, energy is also our life force. What would happen then?”
Shirone blinked once.
“A new era will commence. If we could control such energy, people would fight less due to the abundance of resources. Many could have luxurious, care-free lives. Of course, I don’t have such a noble belief. But if such a world is possible, shouldn’t we at least try? Because my abilities are meant to be used to help push for such a future.”
“Uh…”
Shirone’s mind got all jumbled, but he heard Yiruki’s words clearly.
“You should have just said it like that from the beginning then… There would’ve been nothing to be offended about.”
Yiruki smirked.
“You’re so… Naive. Even if we can control the energy, if we can’t control the humans that use it, it will only be a force that will lead the world to its downfall. But Shirone, I’m going to do it. I’m not stopping because I’m afraid of that. Even if one of the victims ends up being me.”
“…What if it can’t be controlled? What if such a situation occurs? Nobody can take responsibility.”
“Haha! That’s right, but…”
Yiruki sat down and looked up at the sky.
“Should I just stop here, then? Play around and waste my time in Class 5? Then if staying here gets boring, maybe I just live my life as a dungeon digger or something? These kinds of thoughts have never left me. It might be better for a dangerous guy like to stay here. To never go out into the world.”
His classmates were dumbfounded.
Didn’t that mean his only reason for staying in Class 5 was because he was afraid of his own talent?
Shirone was distraught.
‘ Idealism or realism? What side is this guy on?’
“That’s why…”
Yiruki reached out his hand and grabbed Shirone, pulling him into a standing position.
“From now on, I’m your responsibility.”
“Huh? Responsibility?”
“I never thought I’d lose to anyone in my life. So maybe you’re the only one who can beat me. In the distant future, if my ways will cause tragedy, you prevent it. If I am too much of a risk, even if you kill me, I will never resent you.”
Shirone was panicking.
“But give me a little more ti—”
Yiruki interrupted.
“If you don’t do it, I can’t take a step forward here. I will not move on. I will stay here.”
Shirone stared Yiruki in the eye.
There was not an ounce of sarcasm, pretentiousness, or exaggeration. Only true sincerity.
“Okay.”
If he had rejected Yiruki then and there, the future Yiruki himself had envisioned would have merely become an idealistic theory.
“I will definitely stop you. No. I will make sure you never make such a mistake.”
The students looked blank.
‘What’s up with them? Do they really think they can achieve such a feat? This is Class 5.’
To make their dreams a reality, they would have to overcome countless barriers.
But unlike their other schoolmates, Nade was moved.
He gave a small shout.
“Aaahh!! You guys are so cool! As expected of my friends! Nice, let’s do our best!”
Nade wrapped his arms around both of their necks, and Shirone and Yiruki smiled at each other.
‘Perhaps… He might actually be a pretty nice guy.’
While they both had similar thoughts, Shirone recalled his face-off with Yiruki.
‘He’s really strong.’
Shirone felt that there was a possibility he might not be able to win next time, but he didn’t care. Because he knew that he was the only one who could suppress Yiruki.
‘I will definitely keep my promise.’
The only thing that could stop something finite that was running at the speed of light was the great infinity.
Chapter end

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 49 - Strange Study Group (1) 8.txt
===============================
Chapter 49
Shirone was floating in darkness.
It was a quiet and cold space where countless stars were scattered around.
An overwhelming world of stasis…
But suddenly, the scenery in which time seemed to have stopped suddenly accelerated.
The stars began to lengthen into lines.
‘I’m being absorbed.’
In the midst of the stars gathering towards one place, there were immeasurable spherical rocks and gasses.
‘NO!’
Seeing the stars rush to each other, Shirone shuddered, but before that happened, the planets began to collapse first.
It was a phenomenon that ignored the law of physics.
‘Time is flowing backwards.’
Following the stars, Shirone’s own physical body dissolved, and in the process, his consciousness also disappeared.
‘But I still exist.’
This last remaining ‘thing’ that constituted a human being. Shirone didn’t know what that ‘thing’ was.
He felt the world that was compressed into a dot.
The result of light, time, acceleration of gravity, and universal gravitation being tied and brought together was…
‘Vibration.’
Light was vibrating.
When he delved in deeper, the light became bubbles and then quickly popped.
It was as if the bubbles mirrored and repeated both creation and extinction.
Everything was filled with light, and even the last thing that made up Shirone joined in.
‘Ahhhhh…’
An extreme sense of unity.
And that feeling felt like an explosion.
“AHHH!”
Shirone woke from his sleep with a shout. His clothing was drenched as sweat dripped down his face.
He looked around his quiet and moonlit room.
After seeing the books regarding Photon output spread around messily on his desk, he managed to calm down.
“Hoo… Another nightmare.”
He drank water from the pitcher and opened the window. The winds of the early summer cooled down his body.
‘Why is this happening every night? What’s happening to me?’
Ever since he entered the Infinite Realm during the Speed Gun exam, Shirone had been plagued by the same dream every night.
Come to think of it, his nightmare didn’t seem that horrific, but each time he woke up from it, his shock was considerable.
‘Something’s weird.’
Anxiety seeped in.
After experiencing the thing called the Immortal Function, Shirone felt like everything that made him himself was out of sync.
“Eeeuuuk…”
Due to the chill, Shirone hugged his body.
‘Disregarding the nightmare for now…’
The real problem was that the strange feeling followed him even in reality.
He didn’t know what exactly was going on, but he felt like a particular sense of his became extremely sensitive.
‘But what exactly is it?’
It wasn’t like he could smell better, or had sharper sight, touch, or hearing.
‘It’s not the five senses. It’s…’
It was as if he was equipped with a new sensory organ.
“No way I can sense ghosts now… Right?”
Music coming from a piano was heard from the ceiling.
As Shirone turned around in surprise, he noticed dawn was already peeking through the horizon.
Shirone went to the bathroom with tired eyes.
‘I don’t feel like I rested.’
Since the Intermediate Class practical evaluation ended last week, normal classes would once again resume this week.
‘That might be better. If I train like crazy, I might be able to get rid of this strange feeling.’
With his mind made up, he changed his clothes and left the dorm with a backpack slung on his shoulder.
The academy atmosphere was peaceful.
Most of the students who returned to being friends again after the competition were all talking about the Speed Gun exam.
After the evaluation ended, it was normal for a single star to appear in each class, but this time was an exception.
This was because the Class 5 Speed Gun exam, which was held on the first day, left too big of an impact.
It was inevitable since not one, but two students achieved scores of over 1,200 points! Such a score was unprecedented in the history of the Intermediate class.
“Hey! There goes Shirone!”
They felt something different new from Shirone, who was heading to the Intermediate class building.
The rising star went from Amy’s boyfriend to a student who represented the academy.
That was why the upperclassmen from Class 4 would take the initiative to start up a conversation with him
“You did well during the Speed Gun. Let’s check up on each other now and then.”
“Yes, senior.”
The reason why the upperclassmen-lowerclassmen relationships were strict was because getting promoted was difficult.
In that sense, it meant Amy had great foresight as she recognized Shirone’s talents early on.
The Class 6 students started to come up to Shirone after he finished talking with the upperclassmen.
“Hello, upperclassman!”
“Senior Shirone, I’m your fan! Can I study with you as my role model?”
They were in the class that was the most displeased about Shirone’s early promotion. It couldn’t be helped since Class 6 was caught in the middle, as he jumped from Class 7 to 5, skipping over 6.
However, they had no choice but to forget about the past and change their attitude since even their seniors from Class 4 considered Shirone as an Advanced-Class rival in the future.
“What is your plan after class today? There’s going to be a magic demonstration inning, would you like to come with?”
“Our research group decided to visit during the holiday, let’s go together. I’ll be happy to be your partner.”
Only after he managed to kindly decline their offers did Shirone finally arrive at Class 5.
“Shirone! Shirone! Shirone! Shirone! Shirone!”
As soon as he opened the classroom door, his classmates pulled him in by his neck.
He was kidnapped before he could even put his backpack down, and when he saw all his friends looking at him, he was left puzzled.
“Why? What’s wrong?”
“The school semester is coming to an end. Join our research group. It’s one that we Class 5 kids made ourselves. The topic for the performance evaluation is up to the taker to choose anyways. It’s going to be fun, and moreover, you can save time. So join us.”
“Hmmm…”
Shirone had consistently declined all offers to join a group so far.
“Don’t be like that and think about it in a positive light. I heard you refused to join a research group because of your personal studies? There are quite a few students like you here, but we still have to take the performance evaluation. That’s why we’re making one temporarily. No discrimination. We’ll quickly finish the evaluation and disband. Then you can study in your spare time.”
“Aha! I see.”
It was a good strategy.
Since the subject for the performance evaluation was up to the taker, there wasn’t a set criteria. That being said, joining an existing research group only to leave right after the performance evaluation was a bit rude.
Therefore, their solution to this problem was to create a temporary research group.
At that moment, Nade came running.
“Hey! What trick are you guys playing?! Shirone is off-limits. He’s mine!”
In the midst of his friends staring at him like he was absurd, a friend who knew what was going on with Nade countered.
“That’s ridiculous. I know what you’re planning. You want to admit him into that weird research group, right? Shirone, you should never join it. Even if you don’t end up joining our group, at least don’t join his. During my entire time here, never have I ever heard of Nade taking the performance evaluation.”
The Supernatural Psychic Science Research Group showed off a pretty long history and tradition, but they did not participate in many public activities.
“Eh? Nade, you have a research group? Where is it?”
Nade racked his brain and avoided the crisis with his unique secret technique that had so far brought him success in life.
“Hoohoo, of course. You think the most popular person in the academy won’t even have a research group? Anyways, you can’t have Shirone, so I’ll be taking him.”
When Nade pulled Shirone away, the student who proposed the idea to Shirone shouted loudly.
“Shirone! You have to think carefully! Never go in there! And Nade, don’t bother Shirone with his studies and just let him join a group where he’s comfortable.”
“Hahahaha! Too late. We already crossed the forbidden line.”
“Wait! What does that—”
The door slammed with a bang, and with that, Shirone was cut off. The students left in the classroom had dazed expressions.
“…What did he just say?”
“This is a problem. Nade, that bastard. He’s really thinking of bringing Shirone into that group. He shouldn’t be swayed.”
“No, I think he’s already swayed. And why the hell did they leave anyway? It’s almost time for class.”
Shirone, who was now in the hallway, shook off Nade’s hand.
“What the heck! What in the world is the forbidden line?”
“Haha! You are the only person who has seen the true nature of our Supernatural Psychic Research Group. That is the forbidden line you crossed.”
“True nature of the research group? There’s nothing to see though.”
Nade looked around and crouched down pulling Shirone along.
“First, sit down a bit.”
“Okay, okay. Just stop pestering me.”
Nade lowered his voice and said.
“It means you’re the only non-member student to have ever entered the research room. So you should never reveal it.”
“Nobody asks about it anyway.”
“Whatever! We already don’t have enough members. Moreover, there are talks going around that the management team is thinking about disbanding it. We have to keep a low profile, so don’t even mention the word ‘super’ in supernatural.”
“Alright, alright. I had no intention of doing so anyways.”
Shirone thought of it as a group on the brink of going under, but those who knew the real value of the Supernatural Psychic Science Research Group were trying hard to swallow it up. In fact, even the instructors were anxious to disband it.
“By the way, Shirone, are you… Really going to join that research group they made?”
“I was contemplating. Why? Is there a reason not to?”
“Of course. No matter how little discrimination there is in the performance evaluation, it’s your loss if you are in a research group with just random people. Besides, you’re aiming to be the no.1 of the entire academy. A single point is important. Instead of clumsily joining a so-so group, I think it’d be better for you to do it alone. Or join a really proper one.”
There was a full score of people in Class 4 who were aiming for the Advanced Class, so even a one-point difference in the performance evaluation mattered.
‘Hmm… But to take the performance evaluation by myself would take too long.’
Shirone beat his brain thinking of a way to make it work.
“What if I join the Supernatural Psychic Research Group?”
“You?”
“Yeah. It looks like you guys don’t participate much in outside activities, and both you and Yiruki have to take the performance evaluation anyways. I think it’ll be better to join yours than to go and ruin a totally normal research group.”
“Haha! That’s true.”
Nade didn’t rebuke.
That was also why he couldn’t readily recommend his group to Shirone.
It had been 45 years since the establishment of the Alpheas Magic Academy. Most students successfully graduated and left to explore the outside world, but in secretive places they did not know of, various people were doing all kinds of extraordinary things.
The Supernatural Psychic Science Research Group was one such secretive place.
Shirone asked again.
“Well, what I said earlier was a joke. What do you say? You, me, and Yiruki. Taking the performance evaluation together?”
“Are you really okay with that? It’s a plus for us if you join, but in all honesty, our research group isn’t exactly normal. Though I can’t go into details, it won’t be like whatever you’re hoping for.”
It was obvious there were many secrets just by looking at Nade’s attitude in the lecture room back there. However, regardless of interest, a group created just for grades wasn’t appealing.
“The thing is… It’s not just for the performance evaluation”
“Hm? What are you talking about?”
“I’ve been feeling a bit strange lately. I was meaning to ask you guys, but maybe, supernatural psychic science can help explain some things too.”
Chapter end

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 50 - Strange Study Group (2) 6.txt
===============================
Chapter 50
The bell that indicated the start of class rang.
“Hooo? If that’s the case, I’m the expert regarding those sorts of problems. Let’s go to the research group together later.”
“Where’s Yiruki? I haven’t seen him.”
“He’s not coming today. Something along the line of his renewed passion not prepared to accept old, bland education. Anyways, he’s sleeping like a log in the research group.”
“Haha! That’s so Yiruki.”
Yiruki declared that he would advance towards his dream after the confrontation with Shirone, but it seemed like his tendencies would not easily change.
“Let’s talk later. Class is about to start.”
Seeing the empty hallway, Shirone quickly made his way towards the lecture room.
After diligently focusing on his studies for the day, he headed to the research group with Nade after his daily routine.
Shirone was amazed once again as he stood in front of the magic warehouse, Estas.
If the shape he saw last time was a colony-like structure, now there were seven towers scraping the sky.
“Even though it’s my second time seeing it, this building is really amazing.”
“I mean, there are 89 buildings, so there’s no end to the patterns. I hope Yiruki’s awake.”
As much as the outside had changed, the interior was no different, but Nade walked all around the maze with no hesitation.
“I’m curious, how do you find your way around? Even labeling would be of no use if the structure changes.”
“Haha! We don’t use such a one-dimensional method. Simple enough, we just memorize everything. A long time ago, an upperclassman who was part of this research group restored Estas’ blueprint.”
Shirone’s eyes grew large.
“What? Of this complicated building? No, before that, why did he do that? It wasn’t like he was going to build a new one.”
Though it was unproductive, Nade was still proud.
“There, look at the ceiling over there. There are three dots. That means this is the 3rd Room. Then we look to see what the color of the iron door to the 3rd warehouse is. It’s blue, right? Hence, this place becomes the Blue of Room 3.”
Shirone looked to where Nade was pointing.
“Then, you count the number of cubes. Since there are four intersections, that means there are four cubes connected to the surrounding area. It gets important from here. X is used to represent the room numbers, Y is used to represent colors, but in number form, and Z is the number of cubes. Finally you plug in the variables into the equation.”
“Equation?”
“Actually, the blueprint isn’t the standard blueprint that you’re thinking of. It’s simply impossible to express this building that way, so this blueprint that I’m talking about is really an equation. One that was made by analyzing Estas’ pattern. If you plug in the data, you will end up with a number with two decimal places. With that number, you can figure out where you are and where to go. In other words, there’s no way we’ll ever get lost inside Estas. Should I say it’s like a Master Key?”
‘Master Key.’
Shirone realized that the Supernatural Psychic Science Research Group was nowhere close to being normal.
Estas could change into different shapes an infinite number of times, and yet the seniors who established the equation managed to figure out its patterns.
While Shirone felt it was slightly unnecessary, he couldn’t understand the underlying reason behind it.
“But doesn’t calculating take a very long time? And all this just to get to the research lab?”
“You get used to it. It’s learning through experience. By the time three months pass, you won’t even need to substitute things into the equation. You’ll know it by heart.”
“Even now, Estas is still a unique structure because it only exists inside the Alpheas Magic Academy. According to the rumors, there was an ace savant amongst the first members of this research group. Even Yiruki said the equation was beautiful the moment he laid his eyes on it. Something along the lines of he didn’t think he could design an equation simpler than this. Anyways, don’t tell anyone about this. If the Master Key is leaked, there will be a big problem.”
‘…Certainly maniacal.’
A place that contained unproductive and crazy-obsessed seniors from the first generation.
And that place was the Supernatural Psychic Science Research group hidden deep inside the labyrinth known as Estas.
The two arrived at the lab.
Similar to before, the sign was tilted, and as soon as the door opened, clouds of dust rose and attacked them.
But this time, Shirone was prepared. He blocked his mouth and nose with his hand, thus avoiding managing to avoid what he felt was a catastrophe.
“Yiruki, we’re here.”
Yiruki, as usual, was writing complicated formulas on the blackboard. He smiled as soon as he saw Shirone.
“Hey, Shirone. What’s up? I didn’t think you’d come back to such a shabby place.”
Nade laughed as he recalled the past.
“Haha, seems like we were both wrong. He wants to join.”
“Oho?”
It must have been a surprise because Yiruki put down his chalk and walked towards them.
“How unexpected. This research group should have nothing to do with your personal studies.”
“The thing is, it doesn’t seem like that anymore. Something’s been troubling me recently. Can I get some consulting?”
Yiruki and Nade made eye contact. Yiruki smirked.
“The genius who beat me has something he’s concerned about. Hmm, I can already tell it must be a heck of a concern.”
Now that Shirone knew and understood Yiruki’s personality, he was not offended by his twisted words.
“Something inside of me has changed. Ever since the Speed Gun exam, I have been having nightmares, and whenever I wake up, I feel kind of creeped out. No, I feel very creeped out. It feels like there is someone right next to me. Could this have any relation to either the supernatural or the psychic? Don’t you guys know those things like the back of your hands?”
His friends’ eyes shone.
Nade, the explorer of the supernatural, and Yiruki, the critic of the supernatural.
“Then you’ve come to the right place. First things first, sit here.”
Nade dusted off the sofa and offered Shirone a seat, Shirone stared at the rising dust in disgust.
‘I finally figured it out. The origin of the dust…’
It was chalk dust. It was evidently a by-product of Yiruki’s obsession with disproving the supernatural.
“Don’t dust it off, I’ll just sit down. Please, don’t do anything in this room… But if you do, I beg of you, please clean up more regularly.”
“Now, now! Don’t fuss about mere fine dust! You are the first client of the research group, hurry up and tell us more about your problem!”
Nade and Yiruki pulled up chairs and crossed their legs, acting like actual experts.
Shirone was speechless, but he was as desperate as a thirsty man searching for water.
“The problem is, I’ve been dreaming about this lately…”
Shirone explained what he saw in his dreams, as well as the strange feeling he’s been getting from time to time.
“I have no clue what it is. Perhaps some kind of ghost entered my body? Or… I don’t know. Have you heard of anyone who’s ever experienced something similar?”
Silence.
Shirone swallowed. Considering who he was talking to, he thought that they would say a joke to break the serious atmosphere.
“Wh-What’s up? You guys are making me anxious. You are pulling a joke again, aren’t you?”
Nade scratched his eyebrow with a stumped expression.
“Mmm… The thing is… After hearing about what you said, it seems like it is quite like that.”
“What are you saying? Tell me in detail.”
“That sensation you said that you felt. The creepy one that sends shivers down your spine.”
“Yeah. It gets especially worse at dawn.”
“It’s not scientifically verified, but what you’re experiencing is a phenomenon called the ‘Mourning Sensation’.”
“Mourning Sensation?”
“200 years ago, a scholar conducted an experiment on a death row inmate. It was called Soul Electrolysis. It’s a hypothesis that if a person’s soul is made of matter, it can be decomposed using electricity. Here’s how. The inmate was put in a sealed, electrically conductive metal box… Then he let the electrical current flow. However, because it was so inhumane, the experiment was put to an end. Thanks to that, the death row inmate survived, but it was said that he was unconscious for a month. The problem starts there. When the inmate finally woke up, they knew everything that went on in the outside world.”
“No way. How is that possible?”
“That’s what was so surprising. The scholar put up a hypothesis about Soul Ionization. When the soul was electrolyzed, an electromagnetic force would be generated, causing the world’s information to be attracted and pulled into the inmate. Of course, the scholar was treated like a lunatic in academia. Besides, there were rumors that the criminal bribed the guards to get outside information just to push back his execution.”
“…I see, so there are experiments like that.”
“Although orthodox scholars don’t like to admit it, it’s still a hot topic in the psychic science community. Besides, even the Séance, which is a formal religious organization, recognizes the trance state. Therefore, I don’t think Soul Ionization is some groundless, absurd theory. Anyways, the sensation the inmate felt, we call it the Mourning Sensation in this field.”
Thinking he might be going through the same thing as the inmate, Shirone felt shivers run down his spine.
“Okay, it’s my turn now.”
Yiruki took over the discussion.
“I have a question. You said you started feeling the Mourning Sensation after the Speed Gun? Your Photon Output was certainly different than usual. If it’s a secret, you don’t have to reveal anything, but I think it’ll be helpful if we hear about it.”
Shirone felt that Yiruki was right. They had to know the cause if they wanted to get anything done.
“What happened was…”
Shirone explained the process of reaching the Infinite Realm in detail.
The enlightenment he discovered during the Sequence method, and the fact that he transcended numbers under the pressure of the match.
Yiruki nodded his head. He had already heard about the concept from his father.
“It’s an Immortal Function.”
“Immortal Function?”
“I heard about it when I was young. It’s the Absolute Function that can solve the world’s mysteries. I think that’s very dangerous. Because everything is phenomenally the same as nothing.”
Shirone realized anew how dangerous his attempt was as Yiruki’s words were somewhat similar to Ethella’s.
“I only theorized and thought about it, but I didn’t think it’d actually work. It’s something I don’t want to experience again.”
Yiruki laughed.
“What stupidity are you talking about? Achieving an Immortal Function is a dream come true for mathematicians. I accept it now. If you can beat me, you should be able to at least achieve an Immortal Function. Kekeke.”
Yiruki, who thought of the Immortal Function as a simple talent, truly showcased why he was labeled an eccentric. However, it was that laid-back attitude that lowered Shirone’s anxiety level.
“Well anyways, Immortal Function you say? Hmm, that clears things up.”
“Really? Did you figure something out?”
Yiruki turned to the wall. It was as if he was writing formulas using his eyes.
“I don’t know much about the Mourning Sensation since I don’t major in psychics, but the nightmares you’re having every day? I can kind of understand what it is and why you even dream of such a thing.”
Shirone clenched his fist.
“Tell me. I’m prepared to hear anything.”
“First of all, dreams distort and exaggerate memories. But your dream is probably projected exactly as your memory. This phenomenon is called psychological regression, and it follows the same principle as someone under hypnosis trying to remember clearly their past. Anyways, supposing your nightmares are of that kind, then…”
“Then?”
“What you saw was probably the universe.”
“Th-The Universe?”
Shirone knew what the universe was. It was the unknown world outside of theirs.
But that was it. No one knew much else.
From time immemorial to the present, dragons were the only species that officially went out into the universe.
680 years ago, Saint Dragon Gramisch flew out of the continent and into the universe in the presence of representatives from each race.
However, he eventually crashed to the ground in 13 hours. His body was in a state of disrepair.
Under the treaty, the representatives of each race split his body into pieces and returned to their respective territories, and the evidence obtained from said pieces later contributed greatly to the development of cosmology.
“The thing in my dream… Is the universe?”

=============XXXXX=============

