===============================
Chapter - 176 - 2. Guffin's Gate (3) 2.txt
===============================
Please enable JavaScript
[176] 2. Guffin’s Gate (3)
“Chief Kadum is the current head of that faction.”
Sirone recalled the two gazes she felt at the banquet. The elders who welcomed the Unlocker would be angels, and those who looked intently at them would be anti-angels.
According to that classification, Hasid, the patriarch’s father, was half an angel. And Mahatoo too.
“Chief Khadum is destroying Kergo. It’s funny that I, who smuggle loops, say this, but I don’t think it’s right to leave the fate of the tribe to the Messenger of God. In fact, I come from anti-angel faction blood, and I was originally destined to be a slave. You may have heard about human tourism by the Galliant Municipality. Most of the victims were anti-angel factions. My mother was also kidnapped by outsiders.”
Amy decided to erase the remnants of Mahatu. If her parents had been through that, it would be understandable for her to express her animosity towards strangers.
“100 years ago, the Kergo tribe was shaken by the invasion of civilization. The anti-angel faction’s wrath intensified when the Galliant Autonomous Government began a manhunt. A third civil war was in the air, and destruction seemed inevitable. But there is someone who reversed it all. The person who ended the civil war by designing the room of achievement and sacrifice to prevent reckless passage to heaven. That is Mr. Miro.”
Sirone recalled the image of the maze. There were times when he felt terrifying in his eyes, which seemed to have a lot of emotional change. However, she was a human being before entering her maze of space-time.
“In fact, it is not without conflict even now. But it’s much better than it was back then. Thanks to Miro. If it had not been for him, I would have been nothing more than a slave.”
“Where is Maze now?”
Sirone knew that she was staying in the middle dimension of Istas. But on the other hand, she thought that she might be everywhere.
“After designing the Chamber of Achievement and Sacrifice, Lady Maze entered Guffin’s Gate. I wasn’t there, but I heard that he left the word that he was going to meet Guffin.”
Amy asked with a puzzled expression.
“wait for a sec. Aren’t guffins from 250 years ago? How can I meet him?”
“I don’t know that either. But it was clearly written that way.”
Sirone thought it was possible.
The fact that he installed the Guffin’s door meant that he was an unlocker who used scale magic. If the maze has a strong spatial aspect, wouldn’t the guffin have a temporal aspect?
Armin, the Eternal Reflector, came to mind. He, too, had been contemplating stop magic for over 100 years, so it wasn’t surprising that Guffin was still alive in some way. Didn’t even the great mage Arcane survive 150 years with only his biological abilities?
Kanis had no interest in the maze. However, the room of achievement and sacrifice she designed was an important clue to her journey to heaven.
“Then, where is the person who passed through the labyrinth of time and space waiting? Since Sirone came, shouldn’t they go with them too?”
After hearing it, Sirone was also curious.
People who proved their strength in the labyrinth’s space-time. If they were still here, we might have gotten more clues.
“Whether or not to accompany is a matter for the messenger of God to decide, but currently no one has. The last team left for heaven two years ago and never returned.”
It was shocking that it was two years ago. More often than expected, people are heading to heaven.
The reason Kadum hid this fact was because he was an angel. He was hoping that more people would go to heaven.
Amy asked another question.
“Every Kergoin believes in Ra, right? But how could a faction arise against an angel?”
“I am also an anti-angel, but I do not know how the first civil war occurred. A volcanic eruption 500 years ago destroyed most of the records. Call it the lost record. Honestly, I don’t even know if volcanic eruptions are the power of angels. It’s just that the story is being told.”
Mahatu’s story influenced judgment. Even if there was a way to return, it was a matter of caution. I couldn’t even get a sense of what heaven was like.
“If you go anyway… … I won’t dry it. No, there is no way to dry it. But I want you to know. The fact that all those who have passed through the time-space of the labyrinth have been stronger than me.”
Mahatu turned around, but in the end, they were saying that they were stronger than Sirone and the others. Even such people could not return from Heaven.
In the heavy atmosphere, Sirone and the others were lost in thought. Mahatu bowed his head, realizing that his sincerity had been conveyed.
“I respect sirone-sama’s will not to be shaken by tribute. It must have come with some meaning, not a common worldly desire. So I thought I should tell you the truth. Whatever choice you make, it’s none of your business, but please make your decision carefully.”
“yes. I heard important information. thank you.”
Silence came as Mahatu left the room.
Heaven was still attractive, but no one tried to convince Sirone.
Sirone’s insight was correct. It was a situation where only Sirone could decide, and the rest had no choice but to follow.
“The headmaster… … How long did you know?”
At the end of the thought, the person who came to mind was Alfeas. Knowing that Sirone is an Unlocker, why did he tell me about the Kergo Ruins?
“Maybe you know what we know? You said that Miro was the principal’s pupil. She must have heard about her actions.”
“Why did you allow it? What if the reality we are facing is happening outside the principal’s expectations? Then what should I choose?”
“There is such a problem. I don’t know how far he expected it, but maybe he thought you wouldn’t go to heaven? Because the country will too. Ultimately the problem is… … .”
Kanis threw the metagate and said.
“It means I was a variable.”
Alpheas did not expect Canis’ existence. He would never have guessed that even if he expected, he would have found a route back.
All that was left was a choice.
First of all, it was positive that there was an exit. Unless it’s a world filled with poisonous gas, you won’t die as soon as you go there.
When you think about it like this, it’s kind of silly not to even try. However, the worst situation of missing the opportunity to return could not be overlooked as long as one did not know what variables human psychology would act on.
By dawn, Sirone had not been able to sleep.
@
The next morning, Sirone and the others went down to the basement of the temple. Chief Khadum led, followed by Hasid and Mahatu.
Amy thought that this would be the secret space of the ruins that could not be explored with the Spirit Zone.
Upon reaching the lowest floor, there was a straight path through which traces of a volcanic eruption remained. Jewels studded along the walls were guiding the way.
When I opened the iron door and entered, a cavity appeared. Priests stood along the walls, and in the center was a lonely stone gate. The appearance of a door that is not connected to anywhere made it impossible to deny the existence of heaven.
Sirone reached the door.
Guffin’s Gate. It was the entrance to heaven, reborn by Mackline Guffin, an Unlocker from 250 years ago. There was a red orb embedded in it, and a gap of vertical lines was dug around it.
Before coming here, the contract with Kadum had ended. His request was simple. He said that all you have to do is go to Ingris, the archive of angels, and convey the will of Kergo’s chief, Kadum.
An angel’s library. Kadum said that it would not be difficult since it was not a journey to reach God, but he only thought that it was a god and an angel and an impossible mission.
Sirone made eye contact with his friends. he will be able to come back perhaps. Since he had decided to go, he had no choice but to take it easy.
Amy nodded, and Sirone placed her hand on the orb in the center of the door.
The moment I took a deep breath and opened the immortal function, a flash of white light came out of the marble.
“Oh, oh oh oh!”
A voice of awe was heard. Even Mahatu, a half-angelpa, was on his knees and chanting Ankera.
Sirone concentrated more power.
Contrary to first thought, it was not a simple stone wall. The scratch on the door, which was thought to be a trace of the years, turned out to be an indecipherable magic letter as it glowed red.
As the magic worked, the stone wall began to fall apart in cubes the size of dice.
The fragments that had been disintegrating regardless of gravity were pulverized like powder and finally absorbed by light.
A white light burst out from the door and swallowed Sirone.
“The Guffin’s door is open! Praise the angels!”
The priests fell down and shouted Ankera.
Sirone couldn’t hear their voices. All he could hear was the beating of his heart.
For the first time, I felt afraid. It was just one step, but it was an eternity of distance. I didn’t want to move.
A strong, warm hand touched his shoulder. It was Ryan.
Yes, you are not alone. Ryan will not give up under any circumstances.
Tess’ delicacy, Amy’s cleverness, Canis’ defensive power and Arin’s mental power. Harvest was also a strong ally now.
Isn’t this a great party? A little bit relaxed.
Sirone stepped through the door.
When Sirone and the others left the altar, the white light coalesced into gray particles and the stone wall began to be restored.
The floating cubes found their respective positions and finished assembling them, and the magic letters lost their light.
No one was standing where the stone wall was closed.
The joint was silent.
@
Sirone gritted his teeth. Brilliant lights were racing all around.
What awaits at this end? No, is there an end? The melody of light that disturbed my eyes did not disappear even when I closed my eyes.
As if it had become a cannonball protruding from the gun barrel, the field of view was wide open.
The feelings of the group were the same. I just hoped it wouldn’t be a world where brimstone fires were burning.
First impression wasn’t bad. The air was clear and cool. But the moment I realized where I was, I screamed.
Guffin’s door was on the ground, so how stupid to think it would come out.
They floated in the sky above the clouds. It was high enough to see the end and end of the sea with the naked eye.
The wizards cast teleportation, but in vain. It fell to the ground faster than a free fall, probably still affected by the Guffin’s door.
The sea receded and I saw a dense forest.
Sirone found a city standing in the center of the forest in the distance. He was the same as he had seen in the labyrinth’s space-time.
It was a castle surrounded by two concentric circles like a ripple, but the area was divided into six equal parts like a pie based on the inner concentric circle.
Machines resembling ladybugs were flying in the sky. I thought at first glance that it was similar to the human brain.
As the altitude decreased, even the city disappeared and eventually crashed into the forest. When I came down through the flood, I saw soil. If he was stuck like this, he would have died instantly.
I tried magic, but it was impossible. It wasn’t until the pebbles rolling on the ground touched his retinas that the Guffin’s Gate let them go.
3. Forest of the Vulgar (1)
out of heaven. purgatory.
Sirone touched her head first, not even having time to look around. It fell on his face first, so it was normal for his head to be smashed.
It seems that I lost consciousness for a moment, but when I came to my senses, I was standing with both legs on the ground without any injuries.
said Tess, looking around her body.
“Are we alive? Or is it dead?”
“Looks like you’re alive? I see you are hungry.”
Being hungry even under these circumstances was an expression of Lian’s boldness, but in reality, he was trying to reassure Tess.
“Maybe we didn’t fall from the sky.”
Sirone explained using his major.
“So it’s like space travel. I came here simply through a tunnel, and I think I saw various landscapes as the space folded.”
After all, it is space movement. However, it was a strange phenomenon that appeared because the distance traveled was beyond common sense.
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 177 - 3. Forest of the Fallen (2) 4.txt
===============================
Please enable JavaScript
[177] 3. Forest of the Profane (2)
The group looked around. Trees with long leaves covered the sky.
Viewed from above, it seemed that there were no gaps, but the light crept in through every gap and illuminated the world. Moss and mushrooms grew in the shade, and the dampness of moisture was felt in the soil.
Even so, I didn’t feel like it was similar to the original world.
The secret to feeling like time has stopped is the size of the rock.
The age of space can be determined by the weathering of rocks. However, the rocks here were of different sizes. There were small stones, but there were countless rocks as big as houses. It was impossible unless someone moved it.
“The material may be different from where we live. For example, it has durability to the extent that it will not deteriorate over time.”
There was some truth in Canis’ words.
Ancient artifacts are made of minerals that do not exist in the original world. And the fact that it is an ancient relic itself means that it is a pre-historic object. If it’s from heaven, the rock that has endured eons of time is the living proof.
“After all, is this heaven?”
“Let’s check the Spirit Zone first.”
At Amy’s words, each of them checked whether or not they were casting magic. Although the Spirit Zone is an area of omnipotence, I felt uneasy that the battery might be out of order in a physically distant world.
Are you happy? The magic was working normally.
“So this is heaven, right? Now, since we had a good look, shall we go back?”
Everyone looked at Tess. She shook her hand with an awkward smile as if she hadn’t expected it to attract her attention.
“Ahaha, no, I’m kidding.”
“no. I was seriously considering it.”
To the extent that Rian said this, I could imagine how nervous the others were.
As if to prove that fact, Sirone and the others hadn’t moved a single step from where they arrived.
Sirone said, taking a small but great step.
“Let’s move first. Whether it fell from the sky or curved space, you’ve seen the city. Can’t we just walk that way? At least that means there is civilization.”
Where there is civilization, there are laws. Of course, it was unknown whether the law was valid for common sense, but it was a more realistic decision than spending the night in the woods, not knowing what might come out of it.
“But how do you find the city? You don’t know the direction.”
“I can do that.”
Amy’s eyes reddened. Reading the information stored in her memories of her self-image, she pointed to the side where Lian was standing and said.
“From an azimuth perspective, there must be a city over there.”
Amy’s self-image memory perfectly restores a specific point in time. It was the same even when she flew an astronomical distance.
This was based on her abilities not being mathematical. Just as a compass points north regardless of space, she also has a kind of magnet that can center any variable.
Following Amy, the group did not miss the sounds coming from the scenery. I heard grasshoppers and birds, but for some reason I couldn’t see them.
Realizing that it was a phenomenon that should not be overlooked, I stopped walking when I heard the rustling of grass in the forest.
Sensitive Tess drew out her saber and turned around. Lian stood beside her, holding the hilt of the greatsword.
“What is it, Tess?”
“I don’t know. I think someone is coming this way.”
Amy asked with a nervous expression.
“Are you really sure about someone? What is it not?”
Tess couldn’t answer. The sound of breathing was similar to that of a human, but it was something that could not be determined.
There is no guarantee that people will live here in the first place.
In a situation where you don’t know what kind of monster will pop out, the tension of the party has risen to the limit.
Ssssss! Ssssss!
The sound of the vegetation shaking came close and fast. Tess was sure they were on their way, aiming for this place.
As the wizards entered the Spirit Zone, Lian drew his greatsword and hung it down. Whatever it was, the moment it came out of the forest, I intended to pick it up.
Lian, who was waiting for the opponent while taking a deep breath, made a puzzled expression.
Judging by the frequency of the sound, it should have arrived by now, which is normal. However, only the sound was still heard, and the other person did not reveal itself.
“Rian, you better back off.”
Tess’ voice trembled.
When she thought, there was only one possible case. It was a sound coming from farther away than expected.
When Lian, who maintained the posture to raise the sword, took a step back, there was a thump! thud! The ground roared.
Finally, after destroying the bush, the guy showed up.
“What, what is this?”
Sirone looked up. With his head lifted as high as he could break.
was a giant
It is also a giant with a height of 8 meters. She was naked, but there were scraps of cloth draped in places.
His beard came down to his chest, and his face was lined with unsightly wrinkles. In contrast, her body was as strong as that of a young man.
Tess looked at her groin with a strategic decision to find a vital spot. It was flat. His face was also male, and his breasts were not protruding, but he had no genitalia.
“excuse me… … Something bad has happened.”
Arin said. Tess, who entrusted Rian with the giant’s search, looked behind her and asked.
“what’s the matter? Is the situation worse than the current situation?”
“I don’t know which is the worse situation, but it’s the first time something like this has happened.”
Sirone also looked back at Arin. How does her menarche look at the current giant?
“I can’t read emotions. Are you angry, are you laughing, are you sad? Everything is jumbled up.”
The most surprised was Canis. Harvest, materialized behind him, also tilted his head and looked at the giant.
“Arin… … You can’t read emotions?”
It can’t be. In theory, this is impossible.
The ability of supergyeong brings the characteristics of all things in the world down to equal status.
If she blocked her emotions like Sakiri from the Magic Association, it would be normal if she showed at least that level of menstruation.
It was obviously bizarre that he couldn’t read the giant’s emotions.
“He who comes to Purgatory… … . You who denied God… … .”
I couldn’t understand the giant’s words. He didn’t even seem able to get an interpreter. The only person his group could rely on was Arin.
But she shook her head again.
“I don’t know. I cannot decipher it.”
Menarche and even telepathy do not work. Arin was no different from a blind man. Unable to even read her opponent’s expression, she borrowed Kanis’ eyes.
“Canis, do you think that giant has hostility?”
“Anyway, I guess so.”
Are you saying that Arin, who specializes in telepathy, can’t even sense that he’s alive? Even with the metagate, the reason why I stepped into the unknown world was because I believed in Arin’s ability to neutralize experience.
Arin, it is impossible without Arin. Amy may have felt the same way, so she left her judgment to her until the end.
“Arin, what should we do now?”
“Oh, what to do? Of course you have to run away!”
As Arin quickly ran away, Amy lost her temper.
Kanis chased after her, and the others began to retreat as well.
Amy, who was the slowest to react, looked back at the giant. She was chasing after picking up a sapling nearly two meters high.
“Gaaaaa!”
The giant’s roar was equal to that of a sonic cannon. Amy kicked herself belatedly in her distraught state.
The roots of the sapling that the giant had swung grazed her collar.
“Because he’s so big, he won’t be able to catch up! You have to run away for now!”
“You don’t have to say that quickly!”
Amy, who caught up with Arin with the schema, shouted. Fortunately, she dodged the blow, but a slight delay in her reaction would have split her back.
“Sorry! I didn’t even know it would be like this.”
Arin did not evade responsibility.
It was an ideal team that entered heaven. Part of her contribution to her party, not being a battle mage, was to discern the tendencies of her enemies and objectively analyze the situation and communicate it to her leader. Now that its functions were paralyzed, all I could say was that I was sorry.
Because it was a community of destiny, no one blamed Arin. But she was worried about the future.
Arin’s mental abilities were a huge advantage. It’s too soon to conclude that she can’t work against just one giant, but it’s true that she’s been twisted since the beginning of her journey.
At the sound of the ground shaking, Sirone turned around. It was a mistake to think that he would be slow because he was big. The giant followed closely.
Tess’s voice was heard through Arin’s mental channel.
-Sirone, give me instructions. Can’t we just run away with teleportation?
-That’s dangerous. We still don’t know where this place is. If you encounter a greater danger, you will be annihilated there.
-But you can’t keep running away, can you? To be honest, I don’t even notice what’s around me right now.
-… … It doesn’t. Then let’s fight here. I think the order is to catch the giant first.
As Sirone took the battle line, Lian and Tess turned and sprang towards the giant.
Amy and Canis took positions on the left and right with Sirone at the center, and Arin played a supporting role at the rear.
Like a avant-garde knight, Lian tried to attack first.
There were many unpredictable variables in fighting an 8-meter-tall enemy. It was difficult to predict an attack from the top of the head, and the only area that could be targeted was below the knee.
Rian aimed at the Achilles heel.
The moment the greatsword was swung, the giant swung the tree trunk. At the halfway point, the weapons collided with each other, tearing the tree trunk apart.
It was not a situation that could be said to have been cut. The giant’s physical strength was so strong that his weapon was destroyed.
The impact of the blow sent Lian flying 3 meters. She managed to land, but her legs dragged on the ground nonetheless.
Feeling a cramp in his right arm, he grabbed the blade of his greatsword with his left hand and assumed a fighting stance.
The giant’s strength was amazing. But what surprised him more than that was that he was fast.
“How could this be? It’s against the laws of physics.”
An 8-meter-tall creature needs hundreds of times greater muscle strength than a human to support its body.
He thought that even standing there was a surprise, but his combative movements were comparable to those of a beast.
“Heresy… … Punish!”
The giant vomited incomprehensible words and threw the cut up sapling at Tess.
The moment the 1-meter-long sapling landed on the ground, Tess took off and flew up.
The giant, who was in a throwing stance, threw out his fist in a connecting motion. Tess, floating in the air, seemed to have no way to escape.
At that moment, as if defying inertia, her body flew forward and landed on the giant’s fist.
It was outside gravity.
Charged on the giant’s forearm, she slashed her left eye with her saber and jumped off. and shouted at her party as the giant covered her eyes and lifted her upper body.
“Now!”
Sirone fired a photon cannon. He was in no position to spare his sanity given the size of the monster.
The light comparable to the size of a cannon ball hit the giant’s abdomen directly.
As the giant’s body bent as if holding a photon cannon in his arms, his two legs rose.
The sight of the giant being pushed back was hard to believe even after seeing it with my own eyes. Canis, who had been subjected to the same technique the other day, squinted in hallucinatory pain.
Sirone and the others thought it was over. However, the giant’s legs, which had been level with the ground, came down and stopped pressing the ground with the soles of his feet.
Everyone is speechless.
I received the Photon Cannon with my body. Wasn’t it the magic that had a destructive power close to 5,000 in the Achievement and Sacrifice Room? It might be an iron gate, but it was absurd that a creature made of flesh and blood could survive.
“oh my god… … How can you get hit and be fine?”
The giant’s impression was crumpled. The wrinkled face was grotesquely frightening.
At that moment, Amy’s fireball flew from the side and burned the giant’s face.
Amy’s judgment worked. Fire is the natural enemy of cells. No matter how strong the muscle was, it was enough to burn it.
The beard-ridden giant grabbed his face and staggered.
I got goosebumps when I checked the face of the giant caught in flames. New skin was regenerating inside the melted and flowing skin.
Tess muttered in disbelief.
“Isn’t that a ski? How does the giant skim?”
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 178 - 3. Forest of the Vulgar (3) 3.txt
===============================
Please enable JavaScript
[178] 3. Forest of the Profane (3)
Arin cast the power of darkness. Now that the giant was wounded, it was an opportunity to see if his abilities were working.
The power of darkness that Arin uses was a shadow that spreads branches like a plant. The branches dug into the giant’s shadow came up like vines and grabbed his ankles.
Arin cast Mental Shock, a mental shock spell.
If telepathy is a thief, think of mental shock as a robber. Although it was impossible to reach the trauma, I was able to convey the shock of a phobia.
The true strength of Mental Shock was that it could be linked with mind control.
Mind control, which was also Arcane’s long-term skill, is magic that manipulates the opponent’s body, but it is difficult to succeed.
Approaching 100 percent probability requires concentration equivalent to 20 times the opponent’s mental strength.
After all, you can’t dominate an opponent who is stronger than yourself.
However, depending on the strategy and tactics, that sometimes happens, and that was when the mental shock was successful.
As long as you can control the giants with mind control, there is nothing to fear in the forest. Kanis, who was aware of this fact, did not respond in any way and paid attention to the results.
Mental shock was a failure.
The giant, whose face was on fire, started charging at the party with even more violent movements.
Arin bit his lip. Telepathy, mental shock, mind control. The things called the three great spirits of the spirit system did not work on the giants.
It was the first feeling of helplessness she had ever experienced. Her tender sensibility soared on fire.
‘Why? why doesn’t it work? He’s just a big human, isn’t he?’
“scale! damage!”
Canis blocked Arin and cast a shadow wall.
As the shadow stood up, the giant’s fist was plunged into the shadow. The darkness of the shadow wall scattered like powder. It was an impact that exceeded the absorption of magic.
However, the giant could no longer push in as if his strength had been taken away.
Harvest rode the giant’s wrist and cut the area where blood vessels would pass with his fingernails.
If you mastered the schema, the calculation that it would be similar to the human body was correct.
Blood fountains gushed out as the veins at the folds of the elbows were cut. But the wound quickly healed. She went mad and went on a rampage, perhaps motivated by her pain.
‘Really strong. There are creatures like this in the world.’
When Sirone lured the giant away by teleportation, Lian cut off the giant’s heel as if opening a gun.
Canis cast the power of darkness. The sawtooth shadow is specialized for attacks, but even with its ankle wrapped around it, it was unable to cut its muscles.
Canis, who was all about immobilizing the giant, shouted.
“It’s a great monster! Do anything quickly!”
Amy’s flame strike bombarded the giant’s face. However, adding fire to the burning yard did not change anything. Although the power of the wind was added, it was weaker than the Photon Cannon compared to physical power only.
Sirone compressed the photons. Contrary to what everyone thought it was a photon cannon, the activation time was longer than expected.
Canis burst out annoyed at the sight of the mass of light being distorted.
“shit! what are you doing! I mean focus!”
“No, that’s not it.”
Arin said.
“You are changing the shape of the photon.”
Since it cannot be defeated by physical force, it is converted into cutting force. If neither heat nor impact is of any use, you can create sharpness.
It was the right decision in the current situation.
But Kanis wondered if it would be possible. Changing the shape of light was beyond common sense.
Sirone felt it too. It was difficult to artificially suppress the light to be emitted. I thought it would be possible by making a difference in the direction of the force that compresses the photons, but the consumption of my mind was absurdly high.
A moan escaped through his teeth. As I tightened my shaky mind with diamonds and increased the intensity of my concentration, the photon was flattened.
The photon cannon, which had changed into a disk, rushed towards the giant.
The giant who cut off the power of darkness with force twisted his back. When the blade of light cut through his side, the wound opened a span and blood gushed out like a waterfall.
It was a fatal blow anyway.
Realizing that fact, the prosecutors and wizards turned their eyes and rushed at it.
Stabbed with a saber and beaten with a greatsword. After burning it with flames and cutting it with a saw of shadows, the giant’s body fell backwards.
The attack continued, but it felt like dismantling the dragon with only a hand knife. Even a single muscle fiber had the strength of steel.
said Amy gasping for breath.
“haha. dead? would be dead, huh? yes?”
“I don’t know. must be dead Shall we do it one more time if we’re anxious?”
Tess shuddered.
“No, I can’t do it any more. There is a certain level of cruelty.”
“I tried to cut my throat with the power of darkness, but it really didn’t work. How about peeling off the flesh?”
Kanis’s words seemed to be the decisive blow, and everyone backed away with their bloodless faces. In any case, the giant showed no signs of moving, and the wounds from Sirone did not regenerate, so it was best to leave it alone.
Tess gave Sirone a thumbs up.
“Nice, Sirone. Is this a new magic?”
“I was lucky. If the giant had avoided it, there wouldn’t have been a second time. Just imagining it is terrifying.”
Canis was displeased. Photon Cannon is a shock-oriented magic. But change the shape and convert it into cutting force? The idea itself is great, but as a dark mage, I couldn’t help but feel like I was being taken away from my bowl.
“Hmph, since I won, it’s a shame. It was like gambling. As long as we move as a team, the individual’s mental strength converges with the party’s mental strength. If he failed, he was incompetent. In a situation where even the magician’s body can be a shield, it’s dangerous to break the line.”
“I know. I was embarrassed because the efficiency was worse than I thought.”
Canis snorted and turned around. Although he had a blast, the insight that turned the line in that situation was definitely a talent.
Perhaps Arin had the same idea, he watched Sirone taking a break with menarche and said.
“I’ve felt it before, but that kid is really free to think.”
It was a gamble, but it was a gamble with high probability.
Insight into what to give up and what not to give up to reach victory. If only 1 or 2 out of 10 were wrong, I wouldn’t have reached the current result.
“Sheesh, he was a quick-witted guy from the beginning.”
Kanis added a word. No matter what, we were a team now, and denying what we should admit was the result of an inferiority complex.
“Geuuuu.”
When the giant groaned, Sirone and the others’ hearts sank. He hadn’t shown any signs of getting up yet, but he could see his fingers moving little by little.
Without even having to exchange opinions, we ran into the woods.
I still don’t know what kind of world the place called heaven is, but I thought I would never fight a giant again.
@
With the addition of Rin’s senses, Tess’s senses, and Arin’s ability to distinguish what is natural and what is not, Amy was able to find her way without any crisis.
The destination was a rocky area.
Canis and Arin liked that there were many shadows. This is because Sirone’s magic is not affected by the environment, but dark magic is maximized in darkness.
“It’s safe here. If necessary, you should be able to move to the Dark Fort.”
“But Darkport can’t move multiple people, right?”
Dark magic has no theory of transferring effects like photon magic. Therefore, it was impossible for anyone other than the Dark Wizard to ride in the shadows and move.
Kanis shrugged his shoulders as if it was no big deal.
“At least tactically it will help. Because here, I can lure the enemies alone.”
Tess said as she handed over the water bottles that were returning in turn.
“A giant who uses schema. Isn’t it too dangerous here? Besides, I’m worried that Arin’s mental magic is useless.”
“Sorry. I can’t be of any help.”
As Arin lowered his head, Tess waved her hands.
“no. Giants are what I couldn’t handle. you won anyway It’s important that we all worked together and won. Come to think of it, heaven is no big deal, ho ho ho!”
Tess eased the mood, but the wizards rather darkened their faces.
Unlike swordsmen who are prone to improvisation, wizards hate unexpected situations. They were the ones who could be relieved by controlling all the variables and finally mastering them.
The magic that transforms the form of photons was not included in the party management strategy.
Knowing that adding variable to variable will eventually lead to annihilation, they were not happy about the victory they gained by relying on individual ideas.
“In the previous battle, we did not have complete control of the situation. It’s a little bit like saying this right after arriving, but I think it’s necessary to consider returning at this point. What do other people think?”
As Sirone started rhyming, Amy said.
“I guess I was fine for the first time. Shouldn’t we overlook the fact that we won? So what I mean is, anyway, Sirone has found a solution, and that solution has room to be applied in many situations in the future. Therefore, even if we meet the same enemy, we can avoid the current situation.”
There was some truth in Amy’s opinion.
Of course, Kanis was on the side of not going back. But he was not foolish enough to give false opinions out of greed.
“It’s not that simple. Perhaps Sirone won’t use the strategy from earlier. yes?”
“that’s right. It’s too dangerous. The time to compress the photons and the efficiency are also low. I don’t think I’ll try unless it’s something very special.”
“The idea was plausible. If a photon can contain mass, light can also change its shape because it is close to matter, did you think that?”
The reason Canis was able to read Sirone’s thoughts was that the method he was trying to try was exclusively for dark magic.
“But it is a mistake. Crafting the mind is at odds with you. Because it is a characteristic of dark magic. Dark magic has low impact power, but exerts engineering power through shape transformation. For me, it’s a cog, for Arin, it’s a tree vine.”
Arin demonstrated the power of darkness. The shadows rising from the ground turned into the shape of an elaborate apple tree. In addition, the size was adjusted to reveal the three-dimensional beauty.
As Sirone admired, Arin smiled and explained.
“Wizards use four methods, but dark magic specializes in mental work, so there is no need for a separate method. We call this modeling. Models with good stability, such as ice and darkness, are easy to model, while fire and light are very active and difficult to model.”
Amy agreed.
“Come to think of it, so am I. I can’t even control the shape of the flame. That’s why we use magic by grafting air-type attributes.”
“that’s right. But light is harder than fire. No, modeling is theoretically impossible. It’s like you can add the characteristics of light to other properties, but you can’t add other properties to light. Of course, Sirone made it possible with God Particles, but it’s just a special case. Thanks to that, I succeeded in modeling to some extent, but even that is difficult to use in practice.”
Sirone sighed and said.
“Then how should we fight the giants in the future? It might be possible with a laser, but I don’t think it will be easy considering the giant’s movements.”
The laser can destroy materials regardless of durability, but it takes time to accumulate energy, so it is less effective against fast-moving targets.
It was a magic that did not exist in the world, so if Harvest had known the characteristics of the laser in advance, he wouldn’t have suffered as easily as the last time.
“The problem is that we’ve only ever met one giant. How strong are the giants in this world? Wouldn’t knowing that help us explore?”
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 179 - 3. Forest of the Vulgar (4) 1.txt
===============================
Please enable JavaScript
[179] 3. Forest of the Profane (4)
At Lian’s point, Sirone clicked with her fingers.
“I see. Let’s think about it. Being alive means eating, and when you think about it that way, the food chain in an ecosystem is pyramid-shaped. If we extract only the distribution of predators from there and produce statistics, wouldn’t it be roughly like this?”
Sirone drew a pyramid that was curvy like a woman’s body.
It was a form in which a small number of mutant predators were sandwiched between lower predators, intermediate predators, and higher predators.
Since only carnivores were marked, the lowest and middle classes showed equal distribution.
“What is a mutant predator here?”
“Because there are many species of predators that do not hunt for food. Whether it’s using traps, or there may be creatures that feed on intelligence. Kind of like monkeys in our world.”
“Right. Then where is the giant located?”
“Since the gravity is similar and there is air, it won’t deviate too much from biological characteristics. Assuming that, is it about here? Between mesopredators and superpredators.”
“Oh, is the giant a mutant predator? Are you that strong?”
“Well, it could be a top predator. So, there is hope for us too, but is the fighting method too primitive? Even in the case of cats, the hunting method itself is sophisticated. But pulling out a tree and wielding it doesn’t seem to help much in hunting. So I classified them as mutant predators.”
Tess tilted her head and asked.
“Could it be a mutation between a lower predator and a mesopredator? Wouldn’t that be a problem? That means most of the predators in this forest are stronger than the giants.”
“I don’t think so. Because it seemed to use language. If you have even a little bit of intellect, you can’t be lower than a mesopredator.”
said Canis.
“Right. Then you can say that the first giant we met was in the top 30%. Of course, it’s not impossible that it belongs to a different distribution.”
“Statistically, yes. Anyway, there won’t be many of them. Based on my sensory calculations, I think the probability of encountering an enemy stronger than a giant is less than 10 percent.”
After sorting out the situation, Amy came to a conclusion.
“Isn’t it okay then? It’s not an opponent you won’t be able to fight with the 6 of us. No one was hurt.”
Sirone carefully analyzed the situation.
On a positive note, Amy is right. However, it was also true that probability was nothing more than a mirage in matters of life and death.
The fact that less than an hour had passed since I arrived in heaven seemed to make it impossible to turn my steps. It was just an illusion without any probability, but everyone should have known about it anyway.
After all, I still don’t want to go back. Even if the danger is greater than now.
“Okay, let’s go up to the wall for now. Because I don’t want to give up here either.”
Just as I was carrying my rucksack and preparing to set off, I heard an explosion in the forest.
Tess’ hearing caught the woman’s voice.
Anxiety that the situation might be more dangerous than the giant’s attack passed by. However, it was said that a woman is truly an intelligent being. The information she could hear from her would be infinite.
After exchanging opinions while looking back at each other, Sirone and the others ran into the forest as if they had promised.
@
keying! Kick! Kick!
The six-legged horse’s solitary ear burst into a wild cry.
The monopod, which belongs to crustaceans, was a creature that moved by sticking its six pointed legs into the ground like a triangular pyramid. Its light purple body was surrounded by a carapace, and a large eye was embedded in the center of its face. The long horn on his forehead looked longer and harder than the horn of a unicorn.
“Lena! Drive this way!”
“okay! Watch out, sister!”
Kanya and Lena surrounded Venom Ear from the front and back.
The woman with black hair down to her waist was Kanya, and the big-eyed, pretty child was her sister Lena.
As a race called Mecca, a subject of heaven, they boasted a slim jaw line, small nose, and lips as thin as a crescent moon compared to other races.
Their ages were 17 and 14, but I couldn’t tell who was younger just by looking at their faces.
Having subdued the poisonous tail, Lena swung her sword aiming at the blind spot. A sword with numerous lines intersecting at right angles on its blade was highly effective, befitting a weapon made with a complicated assembly method.
When it hit the back of the monopod, a shock wave exploded with a bang, and fragments of the carapace bounced.
The poisonous ear, which had already been attacked for the third time, shrieked and moved aside. In response, Lena also threw her body.
The single eye of the solitary ear has a wide field of view that can see a radius of 330 degrees, but Lena sticks to the only blind spot of 30 degrees and strikes the carapace again.
As the excited monopod turned and charged, this time he held out a kite shield-shaped shield he was wearing on his wrist.
It was a small shield like a toy, but when the horns collided, an illusion of a shield several times larger than that popped out and pushed away the poisonous ear.
The upside-down Sophia Ear struggled on several legs like a scarab. I managed to find my center and stood up, but the shock kept staggering to the right.
Kanya aimed at the arc.
It resembled the shape of a bow, but was made of iron and lacked a bowstring. Instead, there was a handle that could be pulled, and when it was pulled, a red light came out from the tip and end of the bow, aiming at the monopod.
It was a weapon capable of aiming at a target by triangulation.
As long as the zero point is set, the projectile will not miss. Kanya set the red dot where the red light converged on the monopod’s face.
The solitary ear, feeling a sense of danger, moved left and right even in the midst of dizziness. Then Kanya also twisted her waist in line with the movement of the single ear.
As Lena disappeared into the blind again, the terrified Venom Ear jumped at Kanya.
Kanya aimed at the one eye of the monopod and let go of the handle. As the wire wound rapidly, a small orb protruded from the center of the arc.
The orb that penetrated the monopod’s eye caused an explosion inside. The monopod’s body jolted and fell to the ground.
His intestines must have melted, but he was still screaming in horror.
Lena raised her sword in reverse and pierced the gap in the carapace. With a popping sound, the monopod’s body rose like fried salt. And she never moved again.
After the battle, Kanya lowered her arc and wiped away her sweat.
“Whoa, it was hard. This time he was a bit tough. yes?”
“huh. Is your sister okay?”
“As you can see, nothing is wrong. But it’s strange. Why did the solitary ear appear? There must be a distance from the habitat.”
“Could we have lost our way?”
“No way. Even the drone is pointing in the right direction. Maybe the law of the forest has changed. Let’s get out of here quickly.”
“Still, I need to take the Elixir. She might be in it.”
Lena climbed onto the body of the monopod. Her molten intestines were as hot as her porridge as she opened her carapace and thrust her hand into it.
It was a gross feeling, but Lena boldly stuck out her tongue and stirred until she caught something.
After looking around for a while, pleasure filled her eyes.
“uh? there is! Sister, yes!”
A red glowing orb came out of the body of the monopod.
“Hurray! It’s the red elixir. Thank you, monopod.”
Seeing her younger brother jumping around, Kanya also smiled happily.
Most of the creatures in Purgatory grow elixirs within their bodies. It is not particularly necessary for the subjects who are protected by the gods, but it was the most important substance in purgatory.
“You were lucky. Now, let’s go quickly.”
As soon as she came back as a strict older sister and urged her younger sister, Kanya looked back at a strange energy that sent chills down her spine.
The eyes stuck in the forest flashed to live.
After a while, they appeared as they pounded the rocky ground with their pointed legs.
It was a solitary ear. That’s a whopping seven marinas.
“Lena! come here!”
Caña, pulling her sister, took a fighting stance. Still, the question did not leave his mind.
It was impossible for solitaires to appear in groups far from their habitats.
‘Sheesh. I was careless. I should have kept checking the drone.’
Although it is called purgatory, it is also called the outer hell, but the will of God was overlaid here as well. Of course, since it is a monster without reason, the law works like instinct. In the end, it was that some incident had occurred nearby that would cause a change in instinct.
“Of course now… … !”
The law of the forest rarely changes. And very few subjects ever left heaven and went to purgatory.
The fact that two events with low probability overlapped made her more anxious.
“Sister, what should I do? Too many single ears… … .”
One Poison Eagle can be caught by one Mecca. However, for two, more than five Meccans were needed.
According to the law, Mecca’s chess was a collective battle based on technical skills.
Although their physical abilities were the weakest among the subjects, they were the ones that even the Kergos and Nords could not ignore when forming a group.
This was the reason Kanya trembled with fear. Even with the Ark, it was impossible to defeat the seven poisonous demons.
What the hell is going on in the forest?
I checked the route for a year to avoid monsters, but everything went to waste.
keying! Kick! Kick!
As the monopods threatened by waving their horns, the sisters put their backs on each other and protected each other’s backs.
A poisonous eagle, which was approaching as if looking at the liver, jumped at Lena.
When he held out his mecha shield, Xd, the powerful anti-elastic force bounced off the poisonous ear.
Kanya, who switched places with Lena, hit the arc. As precision aiming was impossible, the projectile struck the monopod’s carapace and caused an explosion.
At the same time as the solitary ear rolled on the floor in shock, the remaining ones attacked.
“sister! Hide behind me!”
Lena changed her position again and held out Xd. Every time the horn of the solitary ear touched the shield, there was a thundering sound.
She even wielded the shock wave weapon, Cigna, but it was a monster that was difficult to hit unless attacking from a blind spot.
The time I could endure with XD was gradually decreasing. When the limit of anti-elasticity was exceeded, the shield stopped functioning and became a common toy.
As the seven monopods attacked from all sides, Kanya and Lena hugged each other and closed their eyes.
The pain leading up to death was more fearful than the fear of death.
The monopod inserts its snout into the belly of a living human and sucks out the intestines. Kanya wondered if she should take Lena’s Cigna and cut her throat.
As the seven monopods tried to pierce the sisters’ bodies with their horns, a light flashed from the sky and a flash came down.
Kanya and Lena saw the boy’s back. She was blonde and had a strange outfit that was not seen in this world.
As soon as she landed, Sirone cast a beam of light.
A curtain of light reciprocated between 3 and 5 meters in radius, bouncing off all poisonous ears.
The two women sat down as the floor sank in a circular shape. Even so, her eyes were fixed on Sirone. I had never heard of a man living in the woods of the profane.
“are you okay?”
Sirone smiled and turned his head.
Meeting people in a world where you can’t go home even if you run your whole life was a joy that couldn’t be compared to homesickness. No matter what the identities of the two women were, they felt that the creepy monster was their enemy and that they were allies.
The appearance of the boy raised Kanya’s vigilance. Conversely, Lena, her adolescent girl, had her cheeks flushed.
‘handsome. Are you Norse?’
While the two women were dreaming of different statues, Sirone and the others were fiercely fighting against the poisonous demon.
Ryan and Tess took charge of one each.
After the match, Lian was quite relieved. He was not an easy opponent, but this level of strength was quite a familiar in the original world as a monster.
Grabbing the monopod’s horn and pulling it back with force, the six precarious legs turned over.
Lian thrust a straight sword through his abdomen and anchored him to the ground.
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 180 - 3. Forest of the Vulgar (5) 2.txt
===============================
[180] 3. Forest of the Profane (5)
Tess’s battle was also at an end.
The saber, which lacks a sense of weight, cannot break the carapace of a monopod, but is optimized for targeting gaps.
Tess, who lowered her mobility by poking between the carapaces, landed a saber in one eye as a final blow. And twisting the saber, she subdued her solitary ear at her feet.
As the battle seemed to be getting longer, Amy put a fire wall around it.
Since they were irrational beasts, it would have been the best result if they had run away, but one unexpectedly broke through the barrier of fire.
Harvest, who had inflated his size, grabbed Poison Ear’s torso and broke his backbone.
Arin was relieved that menarche worked. When she cast mind control on four single ears, two of them shuddered.
The two poisonous ears caught in the mind control turned around and started stabbing their allies.
Since the monsters were fighting each other, there was no need for the party to fight.
Lian and Tess, who had killed the monopod, returned to Sirone with their weapons secured.
When Amy released the fire wall, the bloody battle between the poisonous demons was visible. They were using their horns, legs, and snouts to stab, knock, and trample each other.
Since the number of two and two was the same, Arin’s ability to control the single ear was the key. At first, I couldn’t adapt to it because it was an unfamiliar creature, but I quickly saw through its characteristics and tried individual breaking tactics using its long-range horns.
The party, who was watching the tragedy of the fratricide, wiped away the goosebumps.
It was especially shocking to Kanya and Lena. A being who follows the law goes against the law and kills his own people. Today was a day of much happening in the woods of the profane.
Having won the battle, Arin sighed heavily.
Mind control itself constantly consumes mental strength, and when fighting, even the controlled creature’s will to fight flowed in, so the mental fatigue was considerable.
The solitary demon under Arin’s control turned to Sirone. Kanya and Lena hurriedly backed away, but they merely assumed an attitude of submission.
Arin pondered over what to do with the remaining poisonous ears.
The enormous success rate of mind control through menarche was Arin’s strength, but on the other hand, it also became a weakness. A high emotional assimilation rate means that you accept the other person’s heart more clearly.
It could be said that it was a fate-like pain for a spirit-type wizard who handles all the spirits of the world.
Arin hesitated as expected. No matter how much she was a monster, it was painful for her to brutally end the life of the being who fought for her.
If the self-proclaimed soft-hearted is the second best, the sad Tess represented Arin’s feelings.
“Can’t I just take it with me? Do you think it would be very reassuring even if there were only two of them?”
“no. I can’t waste my mental energy on a monster like this. Now that she knows menarche works, Arin should focus on that. You have to maintain her mental channel at all times.”
“Um, what about releasing them?”
“I will come to attack again. The worst is bringing another group.”
“I see. It’s a pity, but I have no choice but to die. Can’t we just make them fight and kill each other?”
Arin pursed his lips at the sad words of Tess, who claimed to have a weak heart.
It was a different situation from controlling a poisonous ear to kill other poisonous ears. The conflict intensified as the assimilation rate was already high and the feelings of the allies that they fought together were added.
Lian said while holding the handle of the greatsword.
“Then I will kill you. Just hold on.”
Canis shook her head.
“No, this is what Arin has to do. If you want to reach a high level as a spirit-type mage, you cannot remain weak forever.”
There is also a limit to revealing the prominence with the ability of menarche. If you want to get to where you want to go, this shouldn’t be a problem.
Kanis hoped that Arin would stay by his side for a long time.
“Arin, you promised when you were taken to the Magic Association. Master is no longer in this world. we have to be strong This is not a relaxed place to be compassionate.”
Arin closed his eyes and took a deep breath. Canis was right. Will you rely on menarche or dominate menarche? It was difficult, but it was a problem that had to be overcome once.
Arin made the monopods walk to the border of the forest. Then he made them gouge out each other’s eyes with their horns.
The two monopods collapsed face to face.
He was still alive, but since he could no longer move, there was no other way to inflict a fatal wound.
Arin tried to smile.
Watching that scene, Harvest recalled the time when he faced her through a glass tube.
Although he is still evaluated as weak for a wizard, compared to the time when he was afraid of everything in the world, he has become a completely different person now.
“Arin’s strengths and weaknesses. It easily resonates with the other person’s mind, but that’s why it can’t be poisoned. Arcane always regretted this.”
“But now things are changing. Arin will be able to do well.”
Sirone, who shared Arin’s sadness, was relieved to hear the conversation between Harvest and Canis. Even though she chose a tough job, she had companions for the rest of her life.
“anyway… … .”
As Sirone looked back with luck, her friends also turned their attention to Kanya and Lena.
The two women flinched. It was because in the eyes of the six people, there was a wave of emotion that did not match the situation.
“It is a person.”
“Yeah, it’s a person. I also have a sword and shield.”
“Ah, sword and shield. I thought I was going crazy wanting to see that. I was dizzy at the thought of talking to a giant who could uproot a tree and wield it.”
As the incomprehensible words continued, Kanya interrupted her sister and shouted.
“What are you saying? Who the hell are you?”
Arin tried telepathy by connecting the spirit zone. When Kanya’s spirit was transmitted, Arin materialized it into her menarche and passed it on to Sirone and the others.
Sirone spoke in the most friendly way possible.
“Uh, so we’re from different places… … .”
The fierce gaze stopped Sirone.
Kanya’s tension rose as she suddenly understood the words she couldn’t understand. Above all, the shape of his mouth and his language did not match.
“What did you do? Is this magic too? Are you Norse?”
“Norse? what is that?”
Instead of answering, Kanya held out her right arm. A drone flew from the sky. A mechanical device resembling a beetle landed on my wrist, then detached like a staircase and mounted it as a gauntlet.
“Decoding Language.”
Light came on the back of the gauntlet.
“You guys, say it again.”
“What do you mean?”
That was enough. Kanya bent his arm to check his gauntlet.
no data. Undecipherable.
After checking the drone’s information, she took out the arc. As she pulled the handle, a red dot appeared between Shirone’s forehead.
“What, what are you doing? suddenly.”
Sirone, who watched from the forest, knew how powerful the Ark was.
I was embarrassed to be in this situation without even knowing the reason. It was absolutely not the reaction that comes out when people run into each other in a place where monsters live.
“Lena! These are not subjects! We have to fight!”
“Ha, but sister… … Still, it’s a lifesaver.”
“I get it now. Why is the monopod here? They disturbed the laws of the forest.”
When Lena heard that, she couldn’t help but move. Her face showed unwilling emotions, but she nonetheless took up a fighting stance with Cigna and Xde.
“You’d better be honest, if you don’t want your head blown off by the arc. What the hell are you doing in this forest? Who the hell are you?”
If you ask who it is, there is no way to explain it. The frustrated Sirone had no choice but to shout.
“We are people too!”
“How can you believe that? You don’t speak the language of the subjects! It’s not even heresy!”
“Anyway, it makes sense. Isn’t that what happened?”
Kanya frowned. Oddly enough, Sirone’s words were persuasive.
“So let’s talk about it. If we can talk, at least we can find a way to be peaceful rather than using that strange weapon.”
“peace? To bring up the word peace in the woods of the profane. You guys are really suspicious.”
“The forest of the profane?”
“This must be the name of the forest.”
Silence passed at the end of Arin’s explanation.
The standoff continued for some time.
It wasn’t a problem for Sirone to subdue her if he wanted to, but he absolutely hated fighting.
is human The words work. If she only let go of her hostility, she could be given a detailed account of this world.
At that moment, Lena looked up at the sky.
A drone patrolling the area projected a scene 500 meters away into her retinas. More than 20 monopods were coming.
“Sister, it’s a big deal. It’s a solitary ear.”
Kanya finally came to his senses. Staying longer than the laws of the forest were violated was tantamount to committing suicide.
Even the unknown strangers seemed unwilling to fight. I can’t be certain, but if I had the skills to defeat the poisonous demon, I would have been able to subdue myself.
“Follow me at once. Let’s talk after we get out of here.”
Kanya returned the gauntlet on her arm in the form of a bug and sent it flying into the sky. Ascertaining the location of her solitary ear, she decided on her bearings and entered the forest.
Sirone and the others followed her without a murmur. Amy said it was the direction away from the city.
4. Reversal of the Law (1)
Kanya entered the valley, a mixture of jungle and rocky terrain.
The surroundings were blocked by cliffs, so only the sky could be seen. Passing through the bottom of the V-shaped valley, Sirone could guess how long this world had existed.
As we walked along, we exchanged voices with Kanya and the others.
Kanya couldn’t believe them yet, but at least she seemed to accept that she wasn’t willing to fight.
“This is the Valley of the Whirling Serpents. The law is different, so there will be no danger.”
“The most dangerous thing is that Sirone gets hit by that strange weapon.”
Kanya’s eyes widened at Ryan’s joke. She seems to care about what happened in the woods, but if she had to pick a tantrum, she was rather herself.
Guessing that Sirone is the leader, she pointed and asked.
“What is your real identity? Does it make sense that you came from another world?”
“But it is true. Believe it or not believe it, I can only say that. Please explain this time What is this world like? The same goes for the giant we defeated earlier.”
“giant? Did you just say you were a giant?”
“Yes, a giant.”
“So you killed a giant!”
“No, I didn’t kill him. As for what happened… … .”
Before Sirone could finish her words, Kanya grabbed her by the collar and shouted.
“What if I kill a giant, you idiot! A giant is one who keeps the law! it was you after all The poisonous demons killed the giant!”
Amy shook Kanya’s hand. She’d been killing her temper for information, but she couldn’t tolerate being mean to her friends.
“You said you didn’t kill me! And the giant attacked first!”
“of course! Because we broke the law! The forest of the profane is a place that humans are not allowed to enter!”
Sirone pierced the gap between the two growling women.
“Even if you say that, we don’t know what you mean. okay? We really come from a different place.”
Kanya was dazed. She couldn’t convince herself of anything Shirone said, but she did, and she realized that it had to be true.
“You guys can’t… … Are you really from another place?”
“You’ve said it before. Is that so?”
“No, I don’t mean that, um… … .”
Kanya’s expression changed seriously.
It’s just an anecdote I heard when I was young, but it was definitely there, the people of the earthly country ruled by heaven.
They are the descendants of the subjects, but they are pitiful people who cannot feel the existence of God. I was told that this is why they do not enjoy eternal life and struggle in mortal pain for the rest of their lives.
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 181 - 4. Reversal of the Law (2) 1.txt
===============================
[181] 4. Reversal of the Law (2)
“Okay, let me explain. This place is called Outer Hell. Also called purgatory.”
“purgatory? here?”
“Yes, the land prison. It is where heretics who rejected the law live. now i get it You denied the existence of God in the earthly kingdom. That’s why I fell here.”
Sirone did not correct her misunderstanding. She wouldn’t understand even if I explained it, and it wasn’t exactly wrong. There was no one in her party who believed in Anchera.
“Seeing that you use magic, you seem to be a descendant of the Norse, but I feel sorry for you. Since you fell into purgatory, the only thing left for you is death. You will die eventually.”
“That’s right, I will die in the end. But neither do you.”
Kanya lifted her chin, a little smug.
“you’re welcome. I am a subject chosen by God. So you can be assured of eternal life.”
Sirone remembered the myth of Kergo. If you can give someone eternal life, you can definitely call it a god.
But it didn’t feel realistic.
Organisms age and someday they will surely die. It was impossible to prevent death even with the power of magic.
After realizing the true identity of Sirone and the others, Kanya felt relieved. I hate heresy, but they were pitiful people who didn’t even get a chance to receive the power of God.
“I can’t. you are lucky Follow me. I will introduce you to a place to stay.”
“Why are you being nice all of a sudden? If you are a subject and we are heretics, shouldn’t we think badly?”
Kanya turned around when she realized that no one was following her.
“Looking at your suspicions, you must be a descendant of the Norse. If it were heaven, I would have kicked you out, but this place is okay. No law can protect its subjects in purgatory. You and I are in the same situation. Anyway, you have to go fast. It gets dangerous when the sun goes down.”
As we entered the valley, the height of the cliff soared. It was a lonely place where not a single flying insect existed. A little moisture and an echo. I could only hear their footsteps in the great nature.
“Couldn’t it be that something strange is coming out again?”
“don’t worry. The Valley of the Whirlwind Serpents is a place where one powerful law exists, so there are no dangerous monsters like Poison Eagles.”
“Which law is it?”
“Whirlpool snake. It is a monster known to have lived here for over 10,000 years. But you’ll be sleeping now. They don’t wander around during the day. So we want to go quickly. We have to go to Nohr’s Shelter before the sun goes down.”
“Didn’t we say that we were descendants of Nor? Then you are not a subject of Norr?”
“Of course I am a citizen.”
“Then why is there Norr’s shelter in Purgatory?”
Kanya was frustrated, but recalled where they came from and added an explanation.
“There are three races of subjects residing in Heaven. Norse is one of them. Subjects have a fixed lifespan from the time they are born, but when their lifespan ends, they gain eternal life. But I guess some people in Nord couldn’t tolerate it. That’s why I escaped to purgatory and created an independent society.”
Sirone did not understand the saying that lifespan is determined from birth, but for now she passed. He was at least less miraculous than the word that he would gain eternal life.
More than that, I was grateful for Kanya’s consideration. Since Sirone was thought to be a descendant of the Norse, he guided her into the society of the Norse.
“Thank you, Kanya. You are kind.”
“What are you talking about! There are no subjects who are kind to heretics. We’re going anyway because we need something, so don’t misunderstand. When you arrive at Norr’s Shelter, don’t pretend to be an egg from then on.”
Contrary to what she said harshly, she did not look into Sirone’s eyes.
Lena puffed out her cheeks at Kanya’s condescension and added another word.
“that’s right. My sister is going because she really needs something. But I am going because I really want to help.”
“haha! Ok, thanks. Lena is kind.”
Lena’s cheeks turned red at Sirone’s praise.
Kanya stopped. It’s a sensitive time, so it’s understandable to be attracted to strangers, but as a subject subject to the law, it was a thought I shouldn’t have.
She took Lena by the wrist and led her to the cliff. While Sirone and the others looked at each other in bewilderment, she urged in a whisper.
“Lena, what are you doing? You know, you can never lead a heresy. Even having such a heart is blasphemy.”
“I know. But that brother… … .”
“If not, then no! No matter how immature you are, being handsome isn’t everything. If you choose a man like that, you will be in big trouble.”
“How does your sister know that? You don’t even have a boyfriend.”
“When you grow up, you know everything. Anyway, listen to your sister, okay? I mean, treat that man coldly from now on.”
“I don’t like Sirone oppa because he’s handsome, I like him because he’s kind.”
“Are you friendly? that kid?”
Kanya looked at Lena with an absurd expression. How should I take his brother’s words.
He was definitely a unique boy. But the reason he feels that way is also heresy. Freedom leads to depravity. In that sense, hanging out with Sirone was dangerous.
“You, tell me clearly. Do you like good-looking people or kind people?”
Lena is also 14 years old, so she is the age to feel the feelings of love. With her soon-to-be mother, she felt the need to change her brother’s mindset.
“Of course both. You have to be handsome, but you also have to be kind.”
“Whoa, you really don’t even know.”
“It’s okay, sister. I wouldn’t fall in love with someone I’ve only seen for one day. and… … After all, we are no different from those people now.”
It was against the law for a subject to enter Purgatory without permission. Maybe I could be punished, but it was something I couldn’t give up.
However, I regretted taking my brother with me.
No matter how much Lena had a longer lifespan than herself, it was a decision that she lacked responsibility as an older sister.
“I’m sorry, Lena. I am… … .”
“I know, sister. Besides, you begged me to go. She doesn’t have to take on dangerous jobs alone. I also want to give it to her mother as a gift.”
Kanya stroked Lena. The child who cried for her milk was already this big. I hoped that she would receive the grace of her god and enjoy her eternal life.
Since it’s a lovely child, Ra will surely do that.
“OK got it. let’s hurry.”
The valley was now becoming a labyrinth. Even the air was damp because shallow water was flowing at the narrow fork.
Amy noticed that Kanya’s movements were jumbled using her red eyes.
It was a typical path of a lost person.
“It’s quite far. Is Nor’s resting place still far away?”
“I am not going there. We don’t even know where Norr’s shelter is.”
“what? You said earlier that you were going to Norr’s Shelter.”
“There is a destination. We, the subjects, have no way of knowing where the Norse who fled from heaven made it.”
Sensing Amy’s absurd stare, Kanya added her words.
“don’t worry. But there is a way.”
“How?”
“It’s using drones. Nord’s Shelter is an open market that anyone can go to. The guide dispatched from the market is waiting for you at the Valley of the Whirling Serpents. You just need to find that person. So right now, I’m searching for a place where people can stay with a drone.”
Sirone looked up at the two drones flying through the sky.
That flying object would also be something called an ancient artifact in the original world. However, the ancient land technology was incomparably cutting-edge.
Suddenly, I wondered what kind of expression he would make if he showed it to Nade.
“I know that machine is doing reconnaissance, but how can we see it?”
said Kanya, poking her temples.
“It is connected to my head. We call it frequency.”
“frequency?”
“Well, it’s like an invisible sign. Is it a similar concept to sound? It’s a technology called retinal vision, and when a drone shoots radio waves at my frequency, an image is formed in the pupil. Look closely at my left eye.”
An electric field formed in Kanya’s pupils, and a bird’s-eye view of the valley quickly developed. Even though it is smaller than the pupil, the resolution is high, so I was able to see what kind of scenery was unfolding.
“This is the valley as seen from the drone’s point of view. You may not be able to see it in detail, but in reality it occupies half of my field of vision. Because the screen is directly reflected on the retina.”
“It’s a great technique.”
Tess couldn’t hide her envy. She’s always been into ancient artifacts, but her drones in particular have been game-changers in her espionage warfare.
“Where can I get something like this?”
“This is not to seek, but to be supplied. It’s something that is only given to Mecha, but when you turn 12, you can get a drone.”
“Then can I get one for you?”
“no. The quantity is strictly controlled, so if you secretly steal it and get caught, you will be punished severely.”
“I see. I want one too… … .”
“The other subjects are envious of drones. However, it has a personal password anyway, so no one else can use it. As soon as the owner changes, it beeps and goes to sleep.”
Tess was even more upset that it was only for one person. want to have. However, if it was a product provided by the state, it could not be bought with money.
Jealous, Tess kept her mouth shut from then on.
“I found a place for the Norse to stay. It’s not far from here.”
Kanya then started running and arrived in front of the cave.
The drone landed on the back of Kanya’s hand and turned into a gauntlet.
The landscape of the final capture point appeared on the surface. Kanya, who compared what she saw with her eyes and the photos, approached the cave saying that this place was certain.
At that moment, Tess raised her hand to stop her.
“Wait a minute. I smell blood.”
“The smell of blood? I don’t smell anything.”
“Huh, of course not. Because I’ve been training since I was little. You can’t even smell that machine, can you?”
“What are you talking about? Mecha technology can distinguish 140,000 different smells. It’s just that drones don’t have that capability.”
Only then did the party realize that there was a war of nerves between Tess and the drone.
Well, the drone’s reconnaissance ability was overwhelming even in their opinion. However, Lian felt sorry for Tess, who was only jealous of the iron block.
“It’s okay, so do it quickly. Don’t feel inferior to strange things.”
When Rian said it was strange, Tess, feeling relieved, traced the reverberation of the blood with the sensory system schema.
After taking a step into the cave and looking inside, I looked around for a while.
After finishing the analysis, she looked back at the group and said.
“I can smell blood from inside the cave. I’m sure someone is there, but they don’t seem to have ventured out of the cave.”
“why? Can’t you smell the blood outside?”
“no. Rather, it is assumed that it did not come out because the smell of blood was strong from the inside.”
“By the way, didn’t you check outside longer?”
“It is a manual of sorts. If you can smell blood outside, the cave is highly likely to be a trap.”
“Then, it’s not a trap. Let’s go in.”
Sirone cast the lighting magic, Shining.
Kanya and Lena were frightened as the sphere of light floated over their palms. Although the Norse are a race that deals with magic, they have never seen magic like this in heaven.
“Sister, can you see that? I made light from my body.”
“okay. The people of the land country use strange magic.”
“huh. But that… … Doesn’t it look just like that?”
“Lena! That kind of thinking is disrespectful. I beg you to make a mistake in your heart soon.”
Lena’s expression softened. She didn’t say anything because she noticed, which means her sister felt the same way.
In any case, disrespect was a sin, so in her heart she begged Ra to forgive her.
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 182 - 4. Reversal of the Law (3) 2.txt
===============================
[182] 4. Reversal of the Law (3)
After 10 meters, the smell of blood became stronger.
Tess, with tension rising, was about to tell Sirone to slow down.
Suddenly the cave shook and blunt pillars protruded from the walls. The speed is also fast, but the size is also enough to crush humans.
Sirone and the others reflexively retreated.
It was even more bizarre when I looked at it from a distance. Dozens of pillars protruding from the walls of the cave intersected.
“are you okay? Is anyone hurt?”
Sirone shouted, and Amy answered.
“huh. I don’t think there is. Sirone and you?”
“I’m fine too. Could it be that it was a trap?”
“no. There is no sign of artificial alteration in the cave. Besides, for a trap, the activation time is too fast.”
Tess was right. If he really wanted to kill him, he would have lured him to the point of inevitability and set off a trap. But the pillars jutted out from the front, as if their purpose was to deter access.
“If not a trap, what is?”
A boy’s voice came from the end of the cave.
“Identify yourself! I won’t miss it this time!”
Sirone held out her Shining to reveal what was inside.
A boy of about the same age was squatting with his hands on the floor. In the back, a strong-looking hairy boy was sitting with both legs stretched out, and blood could be seen between the fingers that covered his stomach.
It was Gadlock, the guide to Norr’s shelter.
Guard Rock, who was looking at Sirone and the others, said to his disciple.
“Clove, I would have told you not to use earth magic in the cave. If even the ceiling collapses, we die too.”
After hearing the teacher’s words, Clove stood up slowly. Even so, the eyes of the boundary did not disappear.
From their conversation, Sirone felt familiar as if she had come to her original world. He did not understand the language of the Norse, but the pronunciation and intonation were similar to those of the common continent.
Kanya went up to them and spoke in the Norse language.
“Are you Norwegians? I’ve been looking for you all this time.”
“Hoo? Now that I see it, they are proud subjects. So, what are the Mecha people who hate exploration and adventure terribly doing here?”
“Yeah, of course in Nord’s Shelter… … .”
Kanya stopped talking and checked the condition of the guard lock. Her mouth is smiling, but her complexion is pale.
Blood was flowing from his stomach.
It was strange. What was there to be injured in the valley of the whirling snakes where there was only one law?
“Are you hurt? Maybe the whirlpool snake… … .”
“No, not the law. I was beaten by Kergo.”
The word Kergo stuck in Sirone’s ears. At first I thought I had heard it wrong, but as Kanya raised the language of the Norse to the surface, their conversation began to be interpreted.
“Kergo? You mean they came all the way here to hunt?”
“There is no such thing as hunting because heretics do not live here. It seems that he was determined and aimed at us. Fortunately, I escaped a fatal wound, but I don’t know what will happen if the bleeding continues.”
Sirone interrupted the conversation between the two.
“Did you just say Kergo? What did they say?”
“Kergo is also a race of subjects. The valley of the whirlpool snake is a safe place because there are no monsters living there, but it is a route that heretics often find to go to Norr’s resting place. There are other hunters in those places.”
“After all, Kergoin hunts heretics.”
“Maybe you will catch up soon. It has good tracking ability. On top of that, they even use giant technology. It’s not a problem to find this place by smell like Tess.”
Sirone guessed that the giant’s skill was a schema. If so, this wasn’t the time to be talking about it.
Arin attempted telepathy directly to the Norse.
“Could you take us to Nord’s Shelter?”
Guardlock and Clove’s expressions changed to bewilderment. Although the language was unintelligible, the meaning was automatically understood.
“What are these little boys doing? Is it a fairy’s ability?”
“No, they are from the country of the earth. Like you, I use magic. In fact, it may be a little different, but I think I’m a descendant of the Norse anyway.”
Kanya packaged it so that the Norse could accept Sirone and the others as friendly as possible. It is because the best way to survive Purgatory for as long as possible is to enter the Norr community.
“What, so you’re saying imitation?”
Clove’s eyes toward Sirone and the others turned disgusting.
Norse people are curious, so they were the most law-breaking race in heaven. Therefore, they knew more forbidden secrets than the Meccans.
The same was true of the kingdoms of the earth.
The earthly kingdom is said to be a shadow imitating the heavenly kingdom, the perfect world. That’s why the people living there are nothing more than imitations made after the people in heaven.
In Clove’s opinion, Sirone and the others were worse than anything else in heaven. It was because the gap between the Norse and the Mojo was as great as the difference between the Creator and the creature.
“Are we imitators? what is that?”
Ignoring Sirone’s words, Clove pointed to the backpacks placed along the wall.
“Hey, you guys. Come over here and pick up your luggage. singly.”
There was no need to go through menarche. Clove’s tone contained feelings of humiliation. Amy shot at him, stunned by the sight of him standing with his chin held up arrogantly.
“Why do we have to carry your burden?”
“Isn’t it obvious? Because you have to run away.”
“Then why do we have to carry that burden?”
“Because you are imitators. Wouldn’t you be here without us? Of course, you should follow it with a grateful heart.”
Clove seemed to accept it as an established fact that Sirone and the others had to obey orders.
Even so, when he checked his face, he twitched his nostrils and played with Amy’s hair.
“It’s fine for a mojo. How about coming into my house? Don’t you want to live safely in Purgatory?”
Amy’s eyes widened.
Whether it is a subject or a fake person, such a problem can be passed over because it is the way of thinking here. However, the act of touching a woman’s body was just out of character, regardless of heaven.
“Get your hands off me. Because I can blow it up.”
“haha! are you me Well, since I’m a mojo, I’ll use a little magic. But it won’t work for me.”
“Stop it, Clove.”
Sensing the anger at Master’s voice, Clove stepped back.
Only then did I feel the atmosphere of this place. Sirone and the others were glaring at him with murderous eyes.
“what? What if you look at me?”
“Clove, there is no time. Are you going to make me die here?”
Realizing Master’s injury, Clove hurriedly helped Guardlock. Then, Gadlock stood up on his disciple’s shoulder and apologized on Clove’s behalf.
“I’m sorry. It’s the first time even I’ve seen a mojo person, so I think there was a problem with how to respond. After all, you are also human. I am a guard rock I think we have to leave this place. Can you help me? It looks like you guys have come to Norr’s Shelter too. We will guide you.”
Guardlock was at least like a wizard. It’s not easy to apologize in front of a student, but he knows that it’s important to cooperate in order to survive, whether it’s a mojo or something.
Sirone and the others also decided that it would be dangerous to stay for a long time, so they carried their backpacks on their backs without muttering.
We arrived at the place where Clove’s work, Pillars are intertwined.
Clove, who was supporting Guard Rock, had to sweat for a long time to get out.
Amy snorted. She also accused the situation of being hit by the magic she cast, but seeing that she didn’t expect this, I wondered if her head was falling a little.
Sirone paid no attention to Clove and was thinking about the magic he cast.
The magic of pillars coming out of the walls was both radical and dynamic. However, I felt that it would be very inefficient to use it in the way I know.
Maybe the ancient magic’s ingredients are different. With that in mind, Sirone asked Gadlock.
“But what is this magic?”
Clove let out a condescending laugh and intercepted the answer.
“haha! what are you not able to do? This is crazy. Earth magic is the basic of the basics.”
As he said that, he winked at Amy with one eye.
“I can teach you.”
“No thanks? I don’t want to make my friends suffer.”
Clove’s face turned red at the sarcastic comment about the situation from a while ago.
Guardlock was also curious about Sirone’s magic. He is a fake and uses unusual magic.
As far as he knew, the sphere of light Sirone was floating in her hand was magic that could not be realized here. Because the cave is a realm of darkness.
I don’t know if I made a contract with the light spirit, but judging from the lack of activity, it wasn’t like that.
“Hmm, hard to explain. You guys don’t use this kind of magic, do you?”
“There is magic that uses the properties of the land, but there is no magic that makes columns protrude from caves.”
“Maybe the principle is different. We use magic by borrowing the power of nature. Where there is fire, there is fire magic; where there is water, there is water magic. It’s the same reason why Clove used earth magic. Of course, I don’t think I even thought about the danger of collapse.”
“No, Master. It was really urgent at the time.”
Clove made an excuse, but Sirone and the others weren’t listening anyway. He couldn’t afford to pay attention to other people’s bullshit because he was talking through mental channels.
– Magic using the power of nature. Quite peculiar.
– The destructive power was also quite good. In the original world, the magic cast by Clove would be quite difficult. You made it easy though. Even though he’s such a low-key guy.
Amy added to Canis’s words.
-There are other advantages to borrowing the power of nature besides power. One person can handle multiple series. It’s different from choosing a major and training like we do.
Arin pointed out the flaws.
-But there seems to be an aspect where the applicability is low. You are bound by the environment. You cannot cast magic if the desired attribute is not around.
To summarize the characteristics of ancient magic, it is broad, powerful, and capable of using various attributes. On the other hand, the environment was severely restricted, and in some cases, there was room for the magic itself to be blocked.
Heavenly magic and earthly magic. Which one would be more effective was still a question that could not be determined.
After leaving the cave, Kanya turned to Guard Rock and asked.
“By the way, where is Nord’s shelter?”
“You can’t tell that to a Mecca. At least know that it’s not here. It has to be done by magic, but it’s impossible here. Follow me.”
At that moment, Lena, who received the signal from the drone, confirmed her retinal vision and shouted.
“sister! It’s a big deal!”
Kanya also closed one eye and received the information transmitted by the drone. In a valley not far away, a group was approaching at high speed.
“Oh, it’s Kergoin! We have to go quickly!”
A light of resignation dwelled in Gardrak’s eyes.
“no. It’s already too late. Their sense of smell is incredibly sensitive. You smelled blood.”
I haven’t even heard the sound of it approaching yet. Still, the smell of blood meant that at least one of the group was an expert in the sensory system.
“What do we do? What should I do, Master?”
Clove asked, stamping her feet.
There was no way there was a clever idea called Guard Rock.
According to Lena, the number of pursuers was about twenty. Guardlock is injured and Clove is inexperienced. A collision like this would be annihilation.
“How about we do this?”
Everyone’s eyes focused on Sirone.
@
A Kergo chasing party riding black horses galloped over the stream.
Their eyes, clad in red armor reflecting the sun, sparkled like a famous sword just pulled from a forge.
Upon arriving at the cave, the captain of the chase party raised his hand to stop the approach.
“stop! It’s in a cave!”
Twenty men, led by the captain, stopped. A woman with a ponytail pulled her horse by the captain’s side.
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 183 - 4. Reversal of the Law (4).txt
===============================
[183] 4. Reversal of the Law (4)
“Shall I go in?”
“no. Norr uses the ability of nature affinity. It is at a disadvantage in confined spaces. They know that, so they’re luring us in.”
The captain shouted so that the cave reverberated with schema’s ability.
“If you don’t come out right away, you will be in trouble! I will count to three!”
The men took out their bows and loaded their arrows.
It’s not an arrow that causes an explosion like an arc, but an arrow that flies with schema’s brawn can pierce even rocks. If you are in a cave, you will end up being full of holes without even a chance to escape.
“one!”
The cave was silent.
“two!”
The captain’s expression distorted. Did he decide to die?
The only way the Norse could try was to block the cave using the magic of the earth. However, such a stopgap could not last long, and it was like eliminating the retreat itself.
“three!”
A red dot appeared between the captain’s forehead.
When something burst out of the cave, the captain drew his sword with superhuman reflexes and covered his face.
But by the time I realized what had been blocked, the projectile was already exploding.
“Damn it… … !”
With a roar, a ball of fire engulfed the captain.
The aftermath of the fire reached even the subordinates, and the frightened horses ran amok.
At that moment, Sirone and the others came out of the cave.
The captain, who fell off his horse, glared at them with a body rising from smoke. He stood up as he planted his sword on the floor and looked back at the confused displays and shouted.
“I am with the Meccans! Don’t miss it!”
Since I was chasing the Norse, I never dreamed that there would be a Mecca.
Sirone aimed at that blind spot.
The prediction was right. Kanya and Lena waited for the pursuers to approach through drones and fired an arc at the right time to create an opportunity to escape.
“The number of enemies is high! Find the narrow road!”
At Sirone’s words, Kanya checked the terrain with her drone and turned.
The pursuers who saw through the strategy fired their bows.
Even though it was shot directly from a distance of 100 meters, it did not lose speed and passed by Sirone and the others.
Clove turned around annoyed.
“I’ll buy you time!”
“no! Just run!”
“You have to pay back one blow to save Norr’s face!”
Clove plunged her hand into the shallow water and cast an ancient magic shaving.
As the stream water froze, it began to bleach white.
Hard!
The sound of hardening water spread through the valley and columns rose above the frozen surface, similar to those seen in the cave.
Sirone watched the scene even while running.
The scale of ancient magic that borrowed the power of nature was much larger than expected. The water in the stream froze, and so many pillars obscured my view that I couldn’t advance on my horse.
There was a bang and the sound of ice breaking.
The group’s faces darkened. The pursuers who had given up on their horses were running towards them, bursting ice pillars with knives and fists.
“Did Norr and Mecca hold hands? They are lowly heretics!”
Kanya shouted while aiming the arc.
“We are subjects! There is no reason for you, fellow subjects, to get involved in the law!”
As soon as I let go of the handle, Ark’s projectiles rushed in.
A warrior with a longsword cut the projectile in half. A moment later, two fireballs exploded from behind.
“Those who break the law will be beheaded! We are the first subjects chosen by God!”
The Kergo chasers raised their weapons and let out a roar.
It was a completely different look from the Kergo civilization he had seen in the original world. Luxurious armor and extravagant accessories. They were aristocrats of the Shinmin faction.
Sirone ran to Kanya’s side and asked.
“Why are they doing that? Why do you fight like this even though you are the same subject?”
“It’s a heresy hunt. They are the most faithful race among the subjects. As such, they are arrogant and warlike towards other subjects. There is nothing good about being entangled.”
Sirone shut his mouth. already properly entangled.
“They are irritating, but they are strong because they use the powers of giants. Purgatory is an extraterrestrial theocracy, so anything can be done. If I get caught, I won’t kill you gracefully.”
The distance between the pursuers was getting shorter and shorter.
It was because everyone was operating the schema, and Sirone and the others even had an injured person called Gardlock.
Gadlock shouted at Clove.
“Clove! Let’s cast Aeos!”
“It’s dangerous! Master is injured!”
“Anyway, everyone will die! Hey, we’ll fall first!”
Gadlock cast the wind magic, Aeos. As Gardlock floated up, Clove flew up with the same magic.
Sirone remembered fly magic from Aios. If it was a similar device, it would be difficult to balance the atmosphere in a narrow valley.
As expected, the higher they climbed, the more they swayed. It was a situation where it looked like it would crash into a cliff at any moment.
Without them, there is no way to get to Norr’s shelter. Feeling the need to save it, Sirone told his friends.
-Take one person at a time! Let’s go teleport!
Canis wanted to use the Dark Fort, but four wizards had to move two mechas and two swordsmen, so he had no choice but to use photonization magic.
Amy caught Tess, and Sirone caught Lian. Kanis and Arin also grabbed Kanya and Lena’s hands, respectively.
In the meantime, the pursuing party had reached a close distance.
Kergoin in the lead raised her sword from her horse. A silver longsword fell like lightning toward Sirone’s head.
At that moment, Sirone and the others’ bodies turned into flashes of light and surged up.
Gardlock and Clove almost lost their magic.
It’s not enough to make light, so it turns into light. Besides, moving the Meccans at the same time was unimaginable in heaven.
At least by human standards.
“Uh, how can you use light magic without borrowing the power of nature?”
Ancient magic must borrow the power of attributes. The most difficult of these was the light.
Light is a weak and widespread force. Therefore, even if it is an ancient magic that borrows the power of nature, it is difficult to focus the light.
The only time a Norse could cast light magic was when there was a Shining Spot, a place where light gathers.
Clove was distraught.
Shirone and the others, who caught up to the height in an instant by teleportation, were completely different from the insignificant and incompetent imitations they thought they were.
Even when I saw Sirone’s Shining Magic, I thought it was just moving light from a Shining Spot somewhere. But they produce light from their bodies.
And as far as he knew, there was only one Aspect other than Ra who handled light in Heaven.
Arin, who read the emotions of the Norse, relayed them to the spirit channel.
-The Norse don’t know teleportation magic.
said Amy with a snort.
-joy! Isn’t it obvious? The photonization theory is one of the greatest discoveries in the history of magic, even in our own world. If you look down on the geniuses of the earth country, you will get hurt.
Amy was proud of being born in the country of the land.
However, Kergo of the Sky was also a formidable opponent. It was running vertically up the cliff using external gravity.
Amy lay flat and landed a fire strike.
The pursuit team, which caught the spear of flames, was divided into left and right sides. After making a big detour around the cliff, they increased their speed and closed the distance with Sirone and the others.
– Chet! You’re so tenacious!
-I’ll try.
Arin extended her tentacles and attempted mind control.
Most of the pursuers resisted, but one was caught. As the warrior dominated by Arin swung his sword at his comrades, the pursuit line broke.
“These stupid bastards!”
The captain watching from the bottom of the cliff twisted his nose. Then he took a deep breath and roared towards the cliff.
It was howling, a schema technique.
“Ooooooooooo!”
As the reverberation of the howling spread along the cliff struck the minds of the wizards, the Norse aeos broke free.
Sirone showed concentration and endured. It was a technique that shook the mind itself, like Etela’s perm roar.
Sirone cast teleportation on the falling guard lock. As soon as he grabbed hold of his body, Amy flew in and grabbed Clove by the ankle.
Inertia was initialized by casting photonization magic. As Sirone sat down with Lian and Gadlock, his friends arrived on the ground one after another.
“damn! Howling is always a problem. Nor is it compatible with Kergo.”
Guardlock, who lost his face, made an excuse. Come to think of it, it seemed that master and disciple were not different at all.
Then, all of a sudden, I was curious. Even though they were subjected to the same howling, they couldn’t figure out why Sirone and the others were fine.
“Hey, why are you all okay?”
Sometimes asking innocently is more irritating. Kanis spoke bluntly with such feelings in mind.
“Can you be okay? My head will ring to death.”
“But how did you cast your magic?”
“I am just observing. If you’re at this level of shaking, don’t go anywhere and call me a wizard.”
Unlike the Norse, who borrows the power of nature, the land’s magic is manifested in a state of combining omniscience and omnipotence. It cannot be denied that it is a trickier method than ancient magic.
However, that inefficiently refined concentration actually had the effect of strengthening their mental powers.
Also, there were many people with special abilities in Sirone’s party.
For Arin, who specializes in mental power, mental defense was her major, and Amy was immune at all thanks to her Hongan ability. In addition, Shirone possessed the mental power of an adamantine Buddha, said to be equivalent to the effect of Hong’s face, in terms of her durability alone.
Clove landed face down in the creek. Then he stood up and looked back at Amy with an angry expression.
“you! Do you dare to put me down?”
I couldn’t tolerate Amy’s arrogance any longer. Her temper was nasty, but it also had its own charm, so I endured it, and something like imitation was climbing all the way to her head.
“Never let go… … !”
Clove felt a chill and stopped talking.
Amy’s eyes were shining red. She also felt her ghostly chill in her expression as she glared at her pursuers.
Amy said without even looking away.
“Don’t touch it during battle. I’ll accept the foolishness later.”
Clove slowly turned his head. The Kergo chasers were approaching with their eyes shining like wild beasts.
Clove’s face turned to tears.
“done. we’ll get caught And you will be tortured until you die… … .”
“Don’t interfere with the plan and come in if you’re not going to fight.”
Even if you win in momentum, what do you want to do because you are weak when the charter is at a disadvantage?
As Amy grabbed Clove’s hind legs and pulled her back, Clove’s legs were weak and she landed on her buttock.
This time, he asked Amy, not caring whether Guard Rock was in the spirit of taking care of his disciples.
“Is there any way?”
“I can’t be sure, but I think I managed to make it on time somehow. Sirone, are you done?”
“huh. It was close.”
Gadlock tilted his head and asked again.
“What are you talking about? what ends?”
Sirone looked up at the sky. His spirit zone reached the sky in a curved form from the target type in all directions. Because it was a unique shape, it took quite a while to transform.
Sirone cast photonization magic on everyone without touching them. It was mass teleport, a magic that he realized at the cost of risking his life on the cliff of a bridge that he couldn’t cross.
“Hurry up! I intend to run away again!”
The captain of the chasing party charged his men. Then he took a deep breath and let out a howl.
A roar swept over Sirone and the others. Gardlock and Clove frowned, but the Diamond Buddha did not waver. Compared to Marsha’s sonic cannon, it wasn’t even noise.
Sirone calmly watched the captain as if to destroy the enemy’s fighting spirit, then cast a mass teleport.
A massive flash of light swept the party and carried them to the top of the cliff where the Spirit Zone touched.
“shit! Howling doesn’t work!”
The captain of the pursuit party gnashed his teeth with a huff.
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 184 - 4. Reversal of the Law (5).txt
===============================
[184] 4. Reversal of the Law (5)
But when I thought about it, the howling wasn’t the problem. I had never seen magic that turned into a huge flash and flew into the sky.
“How did you do it? Who are those?”
Two experts in pursuit started chasing the trail of Sirone and the others. One snorted like his dog, the other had his head raised to the sky and his tongue pulled out.
A man using his sense of smell declared surrender.
“Captain, the wind is blocked. I cannot pursue you.”
The man who uses his sense of taste endured a little longer. He lowered his tongue to the tip of his chin and returned his white eyes to normal.
“It is caught by the taste buds. It is over there.”
The captain got on his horse when the second party arrived. Then he turned in the direction the olfactory expert had pointed and said.
“I just got over a wall anyway! Didn’t get far! Pursue!”
“Kirya ya ya!”
The pursuers went back the way they had come, groaning.
1 minute after that.
Sirone and the others rode the flash and came down to their original place.
It was Sirone’s proposal to use Kergo’s search ability against her.
The smell is already permeated here, so it is impossible to search. Therefore, they will come back after checking all points.
Gardlock was supported by Clove again. Then he pointed to a crevice deep in the valley and said,
“Thank you for being alive. We won’t be seeing each other for a while. let’s go this way There will be a way.”
Amy asked incredulously.
“Where the heck is Nord’s resting place? How much further do we have to go?”
“That is what I want to ask. How do you handle light magic freely? Are you extracting it from the air?”
“We don’t use that method. Why is that all of a sudden?”
“To move to Norr’s shelter, we need a place where the light gathers. It’s similar to the magic you cast, but it can fly farther. Anyway, trust me and follow me. There is a Shining Spot if you go a little further.”
Perhaps the magic Gadlock was talking about was space movement. It seemed to be a way to borrow the power of photons from the place where the light converges and fly to Norr’s shelter all at once.
It’s a good choice. In this way, even if the pursuer kills the guide, Nord’s resting place will not be open to the public.
The mindset of the Norse was decidedly wizard-like. where such people gather. What kind of place is Nor’s shelter?
With a little excitement, Sirone passed through the gap in the valley to the other side.
@
“Where are you hiding?”
The captain of the pursuit party was serious. I had been looking around for 20 minutes, but I couldn’t find their smell.
A group of scouts came riding on horseback. A look of failure was evident from his eyes.
“doesn’t exist. I can’t find any traces of entry into Maru Valley or Fan Creek.”
“shit! Missing all the catches!”
“By the way, Captain, isn’t it strange? How did you escape when fighting us? Certainly, it wasn’t even the area where the light was concentrated, as the Norse say.”
The captain was thinking about it too.
As far as he knows, there is no wizard in Norr who uses magic like that. It may be an alien species, but there are many corners similar to humans.
He, who has been hunting heresy for 400 years this year, came up with a hint from old history.
“no way… … Are you a land person?”
A sharp light shone in the captain’s eyes. If it was a land man, the pursuit was not a problem.
Mecca digs into what is known, and Nord digs into what is unknown. But Kergo digs into the gods, so he was the only subject who knew all the truth.
The earth man was not a mojo. At least for Kergoin, it was a serious variable that could affect the law.
“Stop the chase. return to shaman Report first.”
Following the captain of the chasing party, the subordinates turned their horses’ heads.
At that moment, a sudden vibration came from the ground.
Everyone who looked around indifferently opened their eyes wide as the vibrations gradually got stronger.
“no way… … ?”
The reason why the Norse used the valley as an intermediate base was because it was a clean area where no one would be harmed by avoiding one law.
So this vibration was something that should never have happened. The story of whirlpool snakes appearing at the time of sunrise was an event not recorded even in history.
“The law… … It is out of sync.”
As the strong wind blew, a black curtain was drawn over the 20 people’s field of view.
What followed in the absence of anything was screams and screams.
As time passed, their cries faded away.
The darkness lifted, and the sun came down and illuminated the cold valley. Thousands of flesh were floating on the red stream.
@
“Sharmain?”
When Sirone made a puzzled expression, Kanya realized that she had shortened her words and added an explanation. Meeting people outside of heaven for the first time sometimes forgets that they are from an earthly country.
“Even in heaven, it is the area where subjects live. It is also called the first thousand.”
“The first thousand. Is it the first sky?”
Gardlock answered that question. As a heretic, he was less burdened than Kanya in explaining heaven.
“Heaven is divided into 7 divisions from the 1st to the 7th heaven. Among them, the place where the subjects live is called Sharmain.”
Sirone recalled the scenery he had seen from the sky.
Six districts divided like a pie inside a huge circular castle wall, and another district nestled in the middle.
The 7 heavens Gadrak said was what he meant.
“Are all races living together in Sharmain?”
“yes. The living area is different, but living in the first thousand is the same. Kergo also behaves calmly. Because subjects are basically protected by the law. But purgatory is an extraterrestrial priesthood. So the laws of heaven do not apply. It is not easy to survive here.”
“How many tribes live here?”
“Including purgatory, there is no number. There are many creatures that do not know where they came from because they are called extraterrestrial species. The solitary demons you said you dealt with are also alien species. However, there are still only three races of subjects who keep the divine law. Because the pros and cons are different, we join forces to form the foundation of heaven. Norr likes to explore, and Mecca likes to explore.”
“Then what does Kergo like?”
The corners of Gardrak’s mouth went up.
“They like God.”
“Gadrak! Such blasphemous words!”
Kanya fired back, but Guardlock didn’t care.
From the moment he decided to become a heretic, there was no law governing him anywhere. He gained a painful life as the price of abandoning God, but that was also his own will.
“Kergoin likes to fight. Their job is to hunt. That’s why they are the only race allowed to enter Purgatory. Of course, the parties seem to be interpreting it strangely, but it is.”
This time, Kanya had no choice but to agree.
“It’s a race I really don’t like. Just because they use their giant abilities doesn’t make them giants. It annoys me to see you impersonate a law-keeper.”
“But what is the law?”
When I first heard the word law, I interpreted it as I knew, but as time passed, it seemed to be used with a different meaning from the original world.
Kanya asked with a puzzled expression.
“You don’t know what the law is? Are there no laws in the kingdoms of the earth?”
“No, there is, but do you really have to protect it?”
“of course. Law is the will of the great Ra. Those who oppose that will cannot exist. That’s why it’s called the law.”
Sirone spread both hands as if frustrated.
“But aren’t we breaking the law now?”
Kanya seemed to be more frustrated.
“That’s why you’re being treated like this in Purgatory! Why can’t you understand what I’m talking about! Would you like to live your whole life in a place like this?”
Clove responded at the demeaning words of Purgatory.
“Hey, what else can I not buy? Much better than living your whole life in such a confined space.”
“Oh, so? Then where do you live well? Being hunted for heresy by Kergo all my life.”
The moment Clove was about to shoot, Guardlock opened his mouth.
“Things like that happen, too. Anyway, we are the ones who broke the law. So he was banished to purgatory, but how is it? At least we got our freedom.”
“Why is that freedom? It’s just horror. The fear of not knowing when to die.”
“You never know when you will die. Still, I have the right to die. Wouldn’t that be okay?”
Kanya’s expression hardened.
Subjects were said to gain eternal life, but death was a sensitive issue nonetheless. In particular, the fact that the word “right to die” came out of the mouth of a heretic was a mockery of heaven.
Kanya couldn’t hold back her anger and fired at her.
“If you are a subject, shouldn’t you obey the law? Are you saying that your life will be better if you wrap it up with words like freedom and the right to die? This is why I don’t like Norr.”
Lena dried up.
“Stop it, sister. Even if you fight heresy, the result will be the same.”
Kanya knew too. I couldn’t communicate with them, who stood at the symmetrical point based on the law.
However, Gadlock was thinking of putting an end to it while the fight had already taken place. During his long life in purgatory, he too had accumulated a lot.
“Do you really think so? Do you think you are right?”
“of course! we are different! The reason I went to Purgatory is because I don’t use elixirs in Heaven. As long as I get the goods, I will return to Sharmain and live happily there for the rest of my life under the protection of the gods!”
“You don’t have to wrap it that way. Aren’t you just a creature thirsting for eternal life?”
There was life in Kanya’s eyes.
Until now, the reason I stayed quiet despite the disrespectful conversation was because there was an acceptable line. However, Gadlock had just crossed that line.
“You, no matter how heretical you are, I cannot forgive you for saying such things. We can get rid of it right here.”
“Sister, don’t.”
Kanya shook off her brother’s hand and took out the arc. But her guard lock only looked at her calmly, in a sense, with her sympathetic eyes.
“Then why did you come to see me? No, what are you trying to get from Norr’s Shelter?”
Kanya’s shoulders twitched while aiming the arc.
“It’s obvious even if you don’t say it. Sooner or later, someone in your family will be receiving anecdotal liquor, right? That’s why you came here to buy Nord’s medicine.”
Ark’s aiming point shook. If you release the handle at this distance, there is no way to block the projectile. But she couldn’t shoot. Tears flowed uncontrollably from her.
“What, what’s wrong? What’s wrong with thinking of your parents! This has nothing to do with the law! i just… … Just my mother… … !”
Since men in the sky are also weak to women’s tears, Gadrak’s emotions softened. At one time he too was a subject. That’s why he knew better than anyone how Kanya was feeling.
Lena hugged her sister and said to Gardlock.
“sorry. Sister… … .”
“know. You don’t have to apologize to Ethan. Meccans have strong family ties. I must have been unreasonably excited. It’s all because of this wound.”
Gadlock shyly examined the wound on his abdomen. Only his muscles were cut, but his organs were unharmed. The problem was the amount of bleeding, which was not severe, but the bleeding was not being stopped.
Gadlock turned around and said.
“don’t worry. Norse people don’t put their emotions on things, so you’ll get what you want. But you’ll need quite a bit of elixir. The sales skills of the Norse are excellent.”
Kanya said courageously, wiping away her tears.
“Hey, don’t worry about that. I’ve saved enough for a year.”
A sad smile crept across Gardlock’s mouth as he moved away.
Sirone, who watched their conversation, felt depressed. Many of the words were unfamiliar and the motive for the explosion was unclear, but this place was also not a place where absolute values dominated.
What is anecdotal alcohol? Is Ra really a god? Is this heaven or just another world?
When this journey is over, will we be able to return with all the answers?
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 185 - 4. Reversal of the Law (6) 1.txt
===============================
[185] 4. Reversal of the Law (6)
Guard Rock found the place he wanted not far away.
It was a place where the valley subsided and cracked. It was a gap that one person could barely enter, and a ray of light was coming down through the gap.
“Look here.”
Gadlock pointed to the center of the flash and said. Only there was a toxic light. It was fluffy like snowflakes, but if you looked closely, you could see grains of light swirling around.
Sirone looked at it and scratched her head. How should I explain it? Due to the nature of light, it was impossible for particles to naturally agglomerate.
Of course, the Norse thought was not different.
Gardlock said while covering the particles of light with both hands, as if emphasizing that it was a unique phenomenon.
“Can you see the light only converging here?”
“yes. But how is this possible?”
“It’s Jeong. The spirit of light dwells here.”
“therefore… … Do you mean that Jung is gathering light?”
“no. Because the light stayed for a long time, affection came to dwell in it. Jeong can be anywhere. It can dwell in wind, water, and even thoughts. Of course, as long as that thought doesn’t change for an eternity.”
I wondered if Sirone had a similar concept to magic stones.
It was a phenomenon in which the concept of a certain quality was materialized when it was stored for a very long time.
“If the spirit dwells in one place for a long time, it becomes a spirit. So, the spirit… … I’m talking about the spirit with activity. Besides, you can make contracts with humans. If you make a contract with the spirit of light, you can use the power of light anytime, anywhere. But saving is picking stars from the sky.”
Sirone pointed to Jeong and said.
“Then this light will also become a spirit someday?”
“Haha, that’s right. Wouldn’t it be a thousand years? Unless it perishes in the meantime.”
thousand years. It was much longer than the time given to humans. Perhaps the period during which certain qualities become positive is also similar. I understood the saying that saving the spirit is picking stars in the sky.
“Anyway, you can go to Norr’s Resting Area through this place. Everyone gather here.”
“The space is small, so don’t a few people have to cross over to the other side?”
“are you okay. Come to think of it, the magic of the land country doesn’t have a wide radius. We can increase the size as long as we have the affection of light. It’s like this.”
Guardlock grabbed the bundle of light. His fists turned golden and rode up to his shoulders.
Sooner or later, the light seemed to spread all over the body.
Since the power of nature is infinite, humans who borrow that power can scale up as much as they like.
However, it seemed to take quite a bit of time.
After a long time, the light did not pass over his shoulder, and a mysterious light passed through Gadlock’s eyes.
“Strange. why does it take so long Usually five minutes is enough.”
“Master, isn’t it that the affection of light has weakened?”
“No way. I did it 3 days ago with no problems. It takes at least hundreds of years for the aura of justice to change. Or what factors are weakening the aura of justice?”
“But it can’t be. Because there is only one law here. That’s why we also use it as an intermediate base.”
From Clove’s words, Gadlock realized. It may be a delusion, but it was a bigger delusion to leave the only correct answer and look for other factors.
“no way… … ! But why?”
The light began to flicker. Then the ground, and finally the whole valley, shook like an earthquake.
“What’s wrong? What’s wrong?”
“Quickly get out of here! It’s a whirlwind serpent! Things are getting messy!”
If the cliff collapsed, it would have been overpowered, so Sirone and the others hurriedly escaped through the gap in the valley.
Looking outside, everything around me was shaking. It was clear that any being of this size was close.
But looking around, I didn’t see anything that looked like a snake.
“shit! Where are you? Where are you from?”
Lian pulled out her greatsword and stood in front of Sirone.
The wizards also formed formations and entered a battle posture.
Tess focused her senses and explored her surroundings. The left tremors and the right tremors are different. It’s going around the corner on the right.
Tess finally felt something strange when the ground shook so much that it was difficult to keep her balance. Her senses and reality don’t match. At this level of trembling, it was normal for her to appear before her eyes.
“Hey, over there!”
Sirone pointed with a surprised expression.
A cute little white creature was propped up on all fours on a rock three meters away.
No, can this really be called a living thing?
There were no eyes, no nose, no mouth. Her appearance resembled a salamander, but the surface was smooth as if it had been carved from jade.
I had never seen such a white creature in my entire life.
“what? Is this a vortex snake?”
“Not that way!”
At Guard Rock’s cry, Sirone reflexively took a backward step. His eyes opened and he could finally see him.
The shadow of the whirlpool serpent hung over the valley. Unbelievably, it was a huge shadow that filled the entire cliff.
Sirone turned her eyes to the rock again. The body of the salamander-like creature glowed intensely.
The shadows are raised with the light emitted from the body.
By the time I realized that, a shadow had already emerged from the cliff and was flying in, tearing at the corners of its huge mouth.
A veil of darkness blocked the view. It was so large that it exceeded common sense, so I didn’t even think it was being attacked.
The moment Sirone and the others were trapped in darkness, Guard Rock, who was watching from the gap in the valley, shouted.
“Dangerous!”
Sirone’s beam exploded.
The moment the light spread, everyone realized that a sharp shadow rake was right in front of them.
Even if it was a little late, the flesh would have fallen off.
Kyaaaaaa!
The whirlpool serpent that had been ripped apart in a frenzy screamed.
Perhaps it is the same description as Harvest. Because a creature without a mouth cannot have a sound organ.
When they came to their senses, everyone could see the shadow of the vortex snake moving away like a storm cloud.
It was fortunate that the first attack was stopped.
Most prey are killed in the first attack of the vortex snake. It’s because you can’t even see the attack coming in because you’re doing something in the dark.
Amy asked, wiping away a cold sweat.
“What is that? Is it a creature or not? Is that salamander-looking thing piloting it?”
Gadlock said as he came out of a crevice in the valley.
“No, the reality of the whirlpool snake is a shadow. no body Standing on the rock is nothing more than an ‘incarnation’ created by the shadow of the Whirling Serpent.”
“Where in the world is there such a thing? There must be a body to have a shadow!”
“I don’t know. We call this ‘reversal of the law’. That’s an alien species. I don’t know where it came from, but it’s definitely not the world we can imagine.”
The whirlpool snake didn’t come close. None of the humans he had defeated so far emitted light, so it was natural to be wary.
As the incarnation’s body shone, the shadow grew larger. It was like a wild beast making a display in front of an enemy.
Sirone realized from that fact. Maybe this isn’t his grave.
“It looks like a wild beast. Wasn’t it a common predator in the original world? like a cat or mouse. A creature at the top of the pyramid would not take such a defensive response.”
“cat? mouse? Are you kidding me now?”
Kanya represented what everyone wanted to say. But besides Sirone, there was one more person who realized that.
It was Canis.
He watched the whirlpool snake’s every move with awe-inspiring eyes.
‘It really did exist, a world where darkness rules over light.’
reversal of the law. What was written on Arcane’s note was true.
“Sirone is right. In a world where the rules were really reversed, all creatures would exist as shadows. If so, it wouldn’t have been particularly strong just because it was a whirlpool snake. Of course things are different here.”
Guard Rock looked through the cracks in the valley.
As expected, the law of the whirlpool serpent had been activated, so the energy of light had weakened.
Escape from this state was impossible.
But it wasn’t the time to give up. It was because the waves of light that Sirone showed off were strong enough to make the whirlpool snake retreat.
“Hey, we’ve passed the crisis, but we’re nervous. His weakness is light. So he is not active during the day. I don’t know why the law was broken, but if you use light magic, you have a chance.”
Sirone recalled the battle with Harvest. What I learned from that battle was that the impact was not important to the dark. The key was the total amount of energy.
When Sirone cast the photon cannon, 8 photons were born in irregular positions on the left and right sides.
All 8 flashes of light were immersed in the whirlpool snake. A terrible scream erupted.
Amy fired fireballs. Since there is light in the flame, it will be effective.
The shadow of the whirlpool serpent caught fire.
But it was just such a shock that an ant climbed on the elephant and pinched its skin. To be honest, it was such a huge shadow that I thought it was a foul play.
Canis’ magic couldn’t even be tried. He tried to attack with the power of darkness, but rather the power was being absorbed.
Winning or losing between the same attributes is judged by brute strength.
If you can’t master the darkness bigger than the vortex snake, you will be eaten.
Sirone left the group of friends. It could be really dangerous if its veil covers it again.
True to its name, the whirlpool snake was moving in a way that rotated greatly through space. After slamming a photon cannon into his side, he struggled in pain and pursued Sirone.
As the whirlpool serpent swerved sharply, its huge tail curved towards Amy and the others.
Clove grabbed his head and screamed.
“Aww! come!”
Amy spreads a fire mist. The smoke of her fire protected everyone, but she couldn’t burn her tail this much.
As if sweeping with a broomstick, the moment the tail was about to blow away the party, Amy even cast an additional fire wall.
The tail caught fire. Then the trajectory did not change.
Amy bit her lip and increased her firepower. Even if she died, she intended to keep this position.
The tail, which had been flying into Amy’s body, suddenly moved away and grazed her face. The whirlpool snake, unable to withstand the pain of fire, threw her body out.
“Sirone!”
Amy screamed before she could catch her breath.
The whirlpool snake opened its jaws and swallowed Sirone. At the same time, the snake’s face exploded as the berserk exploded.
The high-speed continuous fire of the Photon Cannon exploded.
Amy calculated it to be two hundred rounds per minute. If it was Sirone who set the best record in the school in the speed gun test, it was possible.
The rate of fire was getting faster. Then it became a flash of light and pushed the shadow to the opposite wall.
It is the subtraction of mass from photons.
Since the impact force was zero, it couldn’t tear the shadow apart, but the flash entered the body little by little.
“What kind of magic is that? Nonsense! There’s no way something like that is possible!”
It’s good when your teammates win, but Clove couldn’t accept the reality that was happening right in front of her.
It was embarrassing for Kanya and Lena as well.
Unlike the Meccans, the Norse can exert great power alone. But I’ve never seen anything like that in heaven.
It was awe-inspiring to see him fight alone against the vortex snake that everyone feared.
Above all, winning. I shuddered at the sight of the whirling snake clinging to the wall.
Sirone’s flash turned red.
From photon cannon to photon output, if you further increase the energy level here, it is compressed into a single wavelength laser.
The whirlpool serpent restored the realm of shadow and pushed the laser, but even that was scattered in a series of explosions.
Kyaaaaaa!
It was a ferocious roar.
The whirlpool snake was afraid.
In the original world, it was the lowest predator. Then, it was 10,000 years ago that he passed through a strange tunnel and came over to heaven.
Evolution was impossible in this place without natural enemies, and they just lived comfortably.
But now that comfort is about to break. To the insignificant human beings who had been ripped apart for fun.
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 186 - 4. Reversal of the Law (7) 2.txt
===============================
[186] 4. Reversal of the Law (7)
The whirlpool serpent split the shadow into dozens of strands and attacked Sirone.
Sirone was defenseless against the tentacle attack from all directions.
At that moment, the laser scattered and spread out in several lines.
The strategy of dispersing energy and destroying each battle was an excellent choice. However, the decrease in damage per second was unavoidable.
Shadows thicker than the giant’s thighs pushed up to Sirone.
People watching screamed. I had the illusion that Sirone’s body would be torn to pieces sooner or later.
One tentacle could not withstand the accumulation of energy and exploded. Then all the tentacles exploded simultaneously.
The explosions that followed tail after tail pushed into the body, the main body.
The whirlpool snake stretched out new tentacles, but Sirone knew by now that the tentacles reached energy saturation faster than it took them to reach.
This is because as much as Sirone’s energy is dispersed, the durability of the whirlpool snake will also be dispersed.
The battle that followed was a battle between light and darkness.
Just as two fleets floating on the sea exchange relentless bombardment at a distance from each other, whenever dozens of tentacles created afterimages, Sirone’s flashes followed and exploded.
The tempo of attack and defense was fast, so I couldn’t follow the movement of the shadow with my eyes.
Sirone fired lasers while relying on Spirit Zone’s synesthesia for 70 percent of her senses.
There were dozens of ejection points, and the super-dimensional speed of the lines dominated the space.
Now it was a matter of who gets tired first.
Sirone sensed defeat. It seemed that he was about to burst into tears from his nervousness, but his mind, preoccupied with battle, did not allow even a change of expression.
Just when Sirone’s mind became faint, the whirlpool serpent roared. It was the same for him that he was doing his best.
When I thought that way, I felt a sense of unity.
The whirlpool snake struggled as if it had intuited death, but there was no space left in the shadow to absorb the energy.
The energy of the laser shook the whole of the vortex snake.
An intense explosion blew away the torso, scattering fragments of shadows.
The gradually tapering laser gradually disappeared from the front of Sirone like water droplets.
People watched the development of the situation without even moving.
Sirone also made up her mind to collapse immediately and glared at the incarnation of the whirlpool snake.
As the light disappeared from the salamander’s body, it returned to the same white jade material as at the beginning. Then, the saturation seemed to fade, and then it disappeared as if it had assimilated into the air.
“Porridge, is it dead?”
No one could answer Tess’ words.
Creatures that lived here for 10,000 years were analyzed by countless subjects and cults, but death was an unknown territory. It was because no subject had ever driven the whirlpool snake, let alone killed it.
Lian swung his sword at the spot where the salamander had been.
Guard Rock looked through the cracks in the valley. The energy of the light that had regained its strength was being revived as a transformed light.
Gadlock said confidently.
“It must be dead. No, at least not here.”
Sirone just sat down. Others watched him devastated.
Earth man erased the law.
Kanya and Lena, Gardlock and Clove knew what the current results meant.
that boy is dangerous
It is the law because it cannot be destroyed. God’s will can only be changed by God. Sirone invaded the inviolable realm where no existence was allowed to change.
“You… … What is it? what is that magic? How did you learn this magic?”
The group was silent.
In fact, they don’t even know. The principle of magic is the same, but Sirone’s magic is impossible to imitate.
Inherent magic created from God Particles has both advantages and disadvantages.
Lasers have the potential to subdue strong enemies, but are less effective against fast-moving targets. Timing is important for light width, and Photon Cannon consumes a lot of mental power for a basic magic.
However, Sirone compensated for her shortcomings with the scattering of light, the durability of Diamond Steel, and the infinite mental power she drew from the Immortal Function.
The current Sirone was in a unique position that could not be classified as a wizard of any kind.
Canis realized why the wizarding community calls unlockers unique.
It didn’t end just by opening Immortal Function. How much balance can be harmoniously packaged through the unique battery.
In that sense, Sirone was becoming a unique.
Clove looked at Sirone with a complicated feeling.
I didn’t want to feel bad because he saved his life, but the question was what would happen if he entered Norse society.
It should never happen to be dominated by imitations.
However, they could not be subdued with their skills, so the only thing left was to kill the spirit from the beginning.
“There’s nothing to be condescending about with just that much. Even if Master hadn’t been injured, he would have been able to get out. Even for heretics, it is dangerous to remove the law carelessly. With the whirlpool serpent gone, there will be a new law, and I will no longer be a guide here. It’s dangerous this time, so I can’t help it, but you’d better be careful from now on.”
Sirone wasn’t listening. Suddenly he was staring at something that had fallen from the sky.
It was a jewel that shone transparently in the shape of a drop of water.
“hey! can’t you hear me? Are you ignoring me now?”
Sirone then turned his head. Then, pointing to the three jewels that fell in front of his eyes, he asked.
“Hey, what is this? It looks like the whirlpool snake exploded and fell.”
“uh? this this… … !”
Clove’s eyes widened when he found the jewel.
It was the White Elixir.
The first time he encountered White Elixir was at Norr’s Shop on the mainland, a huge community.
At the time, the water drop spirit, which was expected to be the most expensive item on the market, was being auctioned off, but an independent Norse group that did not belong to the community won the bid for 23 white elixirs.
Unlike the water spirit, the water drop spirit was difficult to obtain. Since the sea or river does not move, emotions are often born, but water droplets are not of a constant nature.
Even so, magically it is weaker than the water spirit.
However, making a contract with the water drop spirit made the skin smooth, prevented aging, and had some healing properties, so it was popular with women.
At the time, he knew that the water drop spirit was worth 4,600 Red Elixir or 670 Green Elixir.
It was worth taking 23 elixirs for something that could only be obtained by catching 7,000 poisonous ears.
“white! It’s the white elixir!”
Clove fluttered like a flying squirrel and reached out.
The moment she was about to grab the elixir, Sirone scratched the floor and grabbed it.
Feeling the sadness of the ground collapsing, Clove frowned and turned her head.
Of course, since it was caught by Sirone, it belongs to Sirone. However, it was not easy to give up because materialism seemed to be greater than that of others.
In particular, doesn’t Sirone even know the value of the White Elixir?
“Hmmmm, why are you looking at me like that? I just wanted to take a look.”
“What is this?”
“Just what… … No big deal. It’s called an elixir, and it’s what heretics use when trading things. I have to look closely to determine the value, can you show me a moment?”
“Ok, fine. ruler.”
Sirone readily handed over the elixir. Fearing that she might change her mind, Clove quickly took the elixir away.
Kanya, who grasped the situation, approached with twin wicks in her eyes.
“hey! why are you taking it? Ethan must have his own rules. Didn’t you know that the person who hunted got the elixir?”
“My, what did I say? And we hunted together.”
“What have you done? Sirone is the only one who deserves an elixir here. Come on, give it back.”
“Sheesh! We had a fight before, but suddenly you’re pretending to be friends? In front of the Elixir, do you think there are imitations and subjects? Do you think you don’t know the heart that wants to eat rice cakes because you look good?”
“You are laughing! Subjects don’t need elixirs! Also, Sirone, if you plan to live with the Norse from now on, be aware! Elixir is food and water, air and life. In particular, the value of the white elixir is enormous! You can’t just hand it over and do that.”
“are you okay. He said he would take a look, so he showed it to me.”
“Then what if you run away? What are you going to do then?”
Sirone bent her upper body and touched the ground.
“haha! How are you going to escape?”
“How are you running away? of course… … .”
Kanya stopped talking and blinked.
Come to think of it, what was he going to do by snatching the White Elixir from a subject with no skill?
Sirone’s friends standing in the back were also watching Guard Rock’s every move. But they didn’t show any signs of nervousness either.
If Sirone puts his mind to it, he knows that it will take less than a second to subdue Clove.
Clove was clearly puzzled as to whether he had come to the same idea. It seemed that his judgment was clouded by his lust for water. It was fortunate that he did not reveal his true feelings.
Gadlock looked at him pathetically and said.
“Clove, give it back. It’s not something you can deal with.”
Red-faced Clove handed over the elixir.
“I was just trying to watch. So, here. Nice to see you.”
Sirone accepted the elixir. As he tossed it over his palm, examining the reflection in the sunlight, he asked Gadlock.
“But what are you using this for? Did you say Elixir?”
Gadlock checked how much the light’s affection had been restored. Judging by the intensity of the light, which was getting stronger at a fast speed, it seemed that we could start in the next five minutes.
“To survive in Purgatory, it is not possible to have only human strength. The environment is barren and food is scarce. Disease circulates in some places, and brimstone fires that cannot be extinguished burn the air in some places, making it impossible to breathe. Elixir is an item that allows humans to survive in such an environment. There are five colors, but in fact there is no superiority or inferiority. Because any color is a must. However, they are graded according to their rarity value. The White Elixir is the second rarest item. Thanks to its regenerative and purifying properties, it is a material that does not fall into devices that make air or medicines that treat wounds.”
“okay. Can I buy something with this?”
“of course. There are also merchants at Norr’s Shelter, so if you want something, you might as well buy it. But for the white elixir, you’ll need to go to Norr’s shop. Because it is the most active market on the mainland.”
Sirone came up with a question.
3 Elixir obtained from the Vortex Snake.
However, the fact that these items were traded on a regular basis meant that someone was hunting creatures of a similar rank to the Whirlwind Snake.
Hearing Sirone’s question, Guard Rock meekly agreed.
“Purgatory is wide. It’s incredibly wide. The Norse built their own society, but there were countless communities before that. Where we are going is only the closest to heaven. I don’t even dare to escape from the world beyond that. The White Elixir comes from beyond its borders. From those who can travel farther than us.”
Thinking that it would be nice if there were many merchants in Nord’s shelter, Sirone kept the elixir in her arms.
It’s the same in the original world, but if you can’t exchange it for something, gold coins are just a mineral. No matter how precious the white elixir was, unless you were going to make a living in purgatory, it was better to buy it immediately if you needed it.
As people gathered through the cracks in the valley, Gadrak grabbed the essence of light. As his body glowed, the ancient magic Elijah was activated, and white light spread through the cracks in the valley.
The original landscape was revealed as the edge of the light scattered like a blade weakened.
The quiet sound of the wind permeated the place where the person had disappeared.
5. Nord’s Shelter (1)
Remnants of ruins were buried in the fields. A shallow stream flowed, and wild flowers were in full bloom along the stream.
The historic site, which has become old with time, felt more comfortable than desolate. Butterflies flew between the slanted arches and three or four people were taking a break.
Arriving at Nord’s Shelter, Sirone checked the destination.
Light was coming down like a spotlight. Looking more closely, I could see the crystals of light flying around on the pillars of light.
The ancient magic Elijah seemed to be a magic that moved from light to light.
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 187 - 5. Norr's Shelter (2).txt
===============================
[187] 5. Nord’s Shelter (2)
“Is this the shelter of the Norse?”
Please enable JavaScript
“okay. It is a place where the affection of light dwells strongly. It can move hundreds of Norsemen. I heard that it was the site of the Altar of Light a long time ago, but they say that the aftermath remains.”
“It is more peaceful than I thought. Is it a safe place from raids by extraterrestrial species or heretical hunting?”
“It’s not that far away. It was just covered up with a curtain of light. If you look at this place from outside the shelter of Nord, it only looks like a field.”
It was a similar principle to invisibility magic.
Invisibility refracts light with the power of electricity to make it transparent. However, this place made the reflectance of light 100% and assimilated it with the landscape as if a mirror was erected.
A keen eye would be able to spot repeating patterns, but it seemed that no human would do such a thing in this vast land.
“Of course, the higher things in heaven can be found to recognize. But no one cares about life in purgatory. It’s only Kergoin and the starving omnivores that give off heat.”
A simple tent village was formed near the forest. I also saw vendors laying out stalls. There were no customers, but they were chatting leisurely, as if they had no intention of selling anything anyway.
Guard Rock explained that they were merchants going to the mainland’s shops. It was literally a shelter, and to find the right stuff, you had to go to Nord’s shop.
Even so, it was said that from time to time subjects would come to ask for Norr’s goods, and Kanya and Lena were one of those types.
Kanya has been nervous since arriving here. If purgatory is a neutral zone, this is the realm of heresy.
Maybe that’s why Sirone and the others didn’t even make eye contact and asked Gadlock.
“Where can I buy Nord’s medicine?”
“Hmm, did the apothecary come? Look for it over there.”
Gadlock shouted behind her as Kanya walked away.
“Remember one thing. You must never fight in Nohr’s Shelter. you know?”
No answer came back. Instead, Lena looked back at Sirone and smiled. It was a pretty heart trying to alleviate her sister’s rudeness, but it was a smile that also contained her girl’s selfishness.
“Brother, see you later.”
“okay. I hope you find what you are looking for.”
No matter how wide Norr’s shelter was, it was there, but it was good to see it as a breakup because conversation was impossible outside the radius of Arin’s Spirit Zone.
Sirone watched Kanya’s walking steps away from her.
He looked nervous.
What did she leave heaven for?
While Sirone was lost in thought, Gadlock inspected the wound on her abdomen. The bleeding was stopped, but the wound was a mess. He could be dangerous if not treated properly.
“I will rest for a while. I’m tired from bleeding. Listen to Clove on how to buy things. You, too, will need to know if you want to live in Purgatory.”
Master’s face was pale, so Clove couldn’t bear to refuse. Taking Sirone and the others to the stall, he realized that there were more vendors than usual, and his eyes lit up.
“Hey, white elixir, are you going to use it now?”
“well. I look at things first and buy what I need. why?”
“I can bargain if you are willing to pay brokerage fees. Since you’re new here, you probably don’t know what’s good, right?”
There weren’t many things that could be obtained with White Elixir at Norr’s Shelter. It was like paying gold coins to buy apples.
But since Sirone doesn’t know what’s valuable, there’s a good chance that he’ll get even scraps of rice cake if he negotiates well with the merchant.
Sirone checked the location of her friends. Everyone was scattered and looking at things. Since they are connected through a mental channel, there seemed to be no need to call them together.
-Clove soothes the brokerage fee. What do we do?
-well. I guess you’ll need a middleman. To be honest, I don’t know what they sell here besides clothes and food. But can you believe it?
Arin answered Amy’s words.
-I can figure it out.
Sirone made a decision.
Menarche can tell if a clove is cheating. I just hoped it wouldn’t happen. You can pay as much as you like, but it was a mutual loss to waste time with useless emotional fights.
“Okay, then let’s go around together. Introduce what kind of items you have.”
As Clove took the lead, friends also flocked to Sirone.
The items handled were diverse, probably because many merchants from the mainland were included.
At first, it was a necessity. Things like food, clothing, pillows and blankets seem common, but they were important items to heretics living in purgatory.
Clove said, pointing to a white loaf of bread that looked like a pebble.
“This is a color that is a must for heretical travel. It’s food made with an elixir, so if you eat just one, you’ll be full all day long.”
Amy squatted down to examine.
There were several colors, but other than that, there was nothing special about it, so I couldn’t guess the taste.
It’s a good product if it can cover a day’s meals with one color, but it was a question to consider whether it was the number one purchase item.
“Hmm, it looks cute because it’s round. Would you like to try it?”
Amy threw the bait and Clove snapped. He could tell how sincere he was by the words that came out of his mouth.
“This is such a great thing. Even if you fall in a remote area, you can survive for a month with just this. I like to buy as many as I can while I can.”
Then Clove winked at the merchant.
Arin scratched his head in embarrassment. She was so blatantly menacing that she didn’t even have to analyze it.
Assuming that her friends knew about it, she left out miscellaneous explanations and only spoke of conclusions.
– Should we just do it ourselves? Do you think this kid has no intention of doing it right?
Amy also stuck out her tongue at his audacity.
– It seems so. But let’s take it for a moment. Who would have guessed that these pebbles were food? Anyway, I need someone to introduce me to. You’re not lying, are you?
-huh. I just want to earn an elixir. I guess I want to have it for a while. Seeing this makes me a little sad.
Canis winced.
– I guess so. Second, it’s magic. His ability to judge the situation and respond in an instant is too poor. Can a guy like that really hunt? So I’ll be more greedy.
The power of magic varies greatly depending on the level, but it cannot be a standard for determining superiority or inferiority in detail. This is because the effective magic is different depending on the environment and situation, and there are compatibility.
Even if the magical power of the whirlpool snake was overwhelming, it was the same reason as losing to Sirone.
To judge a wizard’s level, one must look at how quickly and accurately he makes magical judgments.
Of course, that part took longer than magic. This was also the reason why the anecdotes of mercenaries who were hired based only on their visible magic skills and then were annihilated due to the magician’s mistake were often handed down.
Canis, who traveled the continent to find Arcane’s will, had more such experiences than anyone else.
Considering how effective Sirone and Amy’s judgments were in the three battles that took place after arriving in Heaven, Clove was ashamed to even be called a wizard.
The next place Clove introduced was a stall selling medicines.
Sirone heard the apothecary and Kanya arguing a moment ago, but couldn’t understand because the mental channel was cut.
Clove introduced several medicines to the party.
There were colorful drugs in a small vial, and it was said that it was made using an elixir.
The red potion heals wounds and the blue potion clears the mind. Those two types were the most common.
The other colored drugs were also unique in their effects.
It is said that the pink potion amplifies the feelings of love, and the brown potion makes memories of a certain time permanent.
Sirone pointed to the white potion that Kanya had been looking for when arguing with the apothecary.
“What potion is this?”
Clove narrowed her eyes in surprise and picked up the vial.
“what? did you have this It’s pretty difficult to make.”
“Where are the drugs used?”
“This is a stimulant. Stimulant Epines. People who drink this can stay fine without sleeping for a week. It also works great for wizards. For example, if you are shaken by howling, you will be able to survive if you eat this.”
Sirone tried to organize Clove’s explanation in her own way. If the blue potion increases the power of magic, the white potion seems to have the effect of enhancing durability.
“It’s just the right thing for you. It’s expensive, but I’ll tell you and make it cheaper. How about buying this?”
Sirone had no intention of buying Epines. If you have enough mental strength to stay awake for a week, it’s sure to have an excellent effect, but bringing consumables to the original world was a waste.
If there is only one thing in the world, it becomes ambiguous to set the timing to use it. In purgatory, it would be something to drink every time there is an emergency, but it will rather act as a mind for the wizards of the other world.
I suddenly thought that drinking it the day before the practical test would kill the effect, but I gave up thinking that I could be expelled for taking a banned substance.
After the trivial analysis, the thought that came to my mind was Kanya.
speed.
What on earth is she going to do with this drug?
When Sirone came to his senses, the group had moved on to the next stall.
Tree vines, which grow tens of meters within 10 minutes after planting seeds, were said to be essential when traveling in rocky areas, and things like fire powder, which boiled water when sprinkled with water, were also strange.
Sirone, who had been listening to Clove’s explanation, looked back at Amy, who had been watching from a distance.
Curious to see her staring at something without even blinking, Sirone walked away.
Something was moving around in the colander that looked like a cage. It was a fireball.
Do you think fire is alive?
As Clove approached, Sirone pointed to the barricade and asked.
“What’s this?”
Clove, who was looking inside the cage, opened her eyes wide in surprise, as if the object was unfamiliar to her.
“wow! Are you a spirit? Mister, where did you get this? You had a windfall.”
“haha! To tell you a story, it’s long. I had a good dream after a long time and went hunting outside the community. Because the brimstone worm gives you a green elixir with a low chance. So I caught a few, but they were all red. Shit, I thought it was a dog dream and tried to go back, but I was caught by ‘fire pitchforks’. I thought of you as my wife and ran away. Then he tumbled down a rock wall and, oh my god, that was the spot of fire. The fire had been burning for a long time thanks to sulfur gas leaking from the floor. So I was going to drink the brown potion to remember, but the fire came to me in a splash. I just blew it out. I frantically took out the spirit prison and captured it. Anyway, that’s how it happened, hahaha!”
Clove was in no mood to laugh along. He was saddened by why such an opportunity did not come to him.
The sulfur earthworm was an outlandish species that could be commonly found not only in Muspel, the land of fire, but also everywhere in the lava region.
A 1-meter-sized earthworm that spews lava, but its sluggish behavior makes it easy to catch even cloves.
The only problem was the fire pitchfork, but it wasn’t enough to save his life from such a powerful alien species, and he even obtained a fire spirit, so he wondered if he was born with the law of heavenly luck.
Sirone looked back at Amy. She was looking at herself with eyes that didn’t know what to do.
Sirone fully understood what he wanted.
If the light spirit was trapped in the cage, he couldn’t know how he would change.
For the first time, Sirone seriously asked for value.
“Mister, how much is this?”
Transmitting meaning telepathically was new to merchants as well. But he responded calmly, only blinking his eyes.
One could think of merchants as such, but Sirone inferred a possibility from his reaction.
It was the fact that those who did not speak the language of the subjects might not be the only ones in this world.
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 188 - 5. Norr's Shelter (3).txt
===============================
[188] 5. Nor’s Shelter (3)
Sirone’s prediction was correct, and the merchant further pointed out that they had just entered purgatory.
“Hmm, you can bargain, but I don’t think you guys can buy it. Spirits are very hard to find even in Purgatory. I was about to take it back to the mainland, and I was only stopping by the shelter.”
I expected that the value would not be low, but when I refused to even bargain, I was scared.
Can it be purchased with 3 white elixirs? Amy’s disappointment would grow if she confidently attacked and then ran out of elixir.
Thinking that a criterion for judgment was necessary, Sirone stopped bargaining and asked a question.
“I heard that you can make contracts with spirits, but is it possible with this spirit?”
“contract? Ah, the contract. Of course it’s possible. But what do you do with a contract with a fire spirit?”
“If you make a contract with the fire spirit, you can use fire magic.”
“It is, but… … Normally, contracts don’t waste precious spirits. How much easier life becomes when the spirit enters the village. So, usually, they collect elixirs by village and prepare them. People from the outskirts of the community live in barren places and have plenty of elixirs, so they buy them on the premise of a contract. I don’t think you guys will live that way.”
“Um, is the contract possible anyway?”
When Sirone asked, the merchant nodded as if he couldn’t do it.
In fact, it was a common reaction in the mainland. The idiots who do not have the ability to pay the price voice their own voices, and among them, the operation team infiltrates and reduces the value of the goods.
If people from outside the community participate, the auction ends there, but those people didn’t even pay attention unless they were special spirits. It was normal for most of them to have blood-drying fights in the atmosphere of walking on thin ice.
Amy wiggled her fingers. She’s an expert at bargaining, but she couldn’t say anything right now.
In a world where gold coins were used, he would have bought it with his savings. However, this place was a purgatory where only things directly related to life had value.
I didn’t want to embarrass Sirone by showing possessiveness in such a situation.
Sirone already knew. For a wizard, improving magic power is what life is all about, so he wanted to save it if possible.
Sensing that the time for a decision had come, Sirone asked again.
“Then how much elixir do I need to buy a spirit?”
The merchant laughed as if it were ridiculous. However, she thought with a serious expression on Shirone’s figure, staring intently and waiting for an answer.
“Hmm, if you buy it here, at least… … .”
Sirone’s heart thumped. I wish I could buy it with the elixir I have now, no matter what the price.
As expected, the price was quite high, and the merchant was also cautious. He paused and continued talking.
“White Elixir… … .”
Sirone and Amy’s eyes showed disappointment. Given that the unit of elixir was white, the odds were quite low.
After thinking about it, the merchant raised his head and offered a price.
“I’ll have to get one.”
“yes? 1 outline?”
Sirone doubted his hearing, which had never betrayed him.
If it is one, you can purchase it.
Realizing the same thing, Amy knelt in nervousness as if someone might snatch it away.
Sirone checked things out. At first, he thought it would be nice if he had the ability to pay, but it is a wizard to let go of past thoughts without any regrets.
But the moment I looked back at Amy, I smiled. Biting her lower lip, she spoke in an inaudible voice.
“Want.”
Amy, the only daughter of the Karmis family, grew up rich enough to not know what materialism was. But when it came to magic, she was also just a sorceress.
The merchant understood Amy’s desire to have it with resignation. Since the white elixir is something that even merchants on the mainland cannot easily touch, it was only natural for them to despair after entering Purgatory.
He remembered his daughter’s face and soothed Amy.
“White Elixir is difficult to obtain. In fact, this is also cut a lot. When you go to the mainland, a lot of tiring things happen. it’s dangerous too It’s a conclusion based on the assumption that you can sell it at Nord’s Shelter and return home. Since you guys are serious, I calculated it correctly too. Don’t be too heartbroken. One day, if you’re lucky, you might be able to save the fire spirit.”
“I will live.”
“huh?”
“I live, I am.”
As Sirone rummaged through his inner pockets, the merchant blinked like an idiot. He was clearly trying to make fun of himself, but he wasn’t sure whether to get angry or laugh and move on.
However, when he saw three elixirs rolling around in Sirone’s hand, he fell off the chair in fright.
Even looking at the iridescent spectrum, it was clear that it was a white elixir.
“Here you go. Can I take it now?”
The merchant said nothing and nodded. Sirone put the white elixir in her hand.
At the same time, Amy brought the elemental prison into her arms.
I felt warm warmth.
warmth of fire.
This was Amy’s life.
“Hey, are you okay? Aren’t you hot?”
After confirming that the elixir was real, the merchant came to his senses and asked.
Fire spirits are different from inanimate objects in that they are active, but they were fire anyway until they made a contract. It was normal to get burned if you grabbed the heated iron bars.
“huh? no. Is it just warm enough?”
“Strange. Can I take a look again? It’s something I’m selling, but I’m stung by my conscience. It could be a defective product.”
“No, it’s fine. This is really a fire spirit.”
Amy looked lovingly at the fire elemental bouncing in the air. And he spoke to Sirone using the mental channel.
-Sirone, it’s the Spirit Zone.
-Spirit Zone?
-huh. this is awesome It’s real fire, but it’s also connected to the spirit. I am still getting the feeling.
Wizards do not get burned by the fire they create. Real fire, but because the creator is a wizard.
According to Amy, I wondered if the spirits were also beings with fixed spirit zones. It has become a kind of spiritual sublimation.
“By the way, how did you guys get the white elixir?”
“It’s from a whirlpool snake.”
“A whirlpool snake? Could it be that you broke the Law of the Valley?”
“Somehow it happened that way.”
It is not unusual for a wizard powerful enough to defeat the Whirlwind Serpent to have a White Elixir.
Although not common, this kind also certainly existed in purgatory. Merchants refer to such people as marginals or people outside the community.
“By the way, what about the contract?”
“Ah, I don’t know, but I’ve seen borderline people do it. If you hold the spirit in your hand and mumble something, it will disappear by itself.”
Jung doesn’t have reason, so it didn’t seem like it was activated with a keyword. Then, all that was left was the spirit of the word magic.
exhale and repeat Resonating with fire was important.
Amy opened the bars with the prison key the merchant gave her. Then, holding her spirit with her hands, she recited her improvised decree.
“Fire spirit, dwell within me.”
As the fire spirit permeated Amy, she felt a warm energy in her stomach.
The contract with the spirit was similar to realizing a new battery. Apart from Ignite, which is a battery of ignition, it is now possible to battery a new fire.
As Amy summoned the spirit, a ball of fire rose and circled around. As she watched happily, she remembered the name of a false flame that was said to have existed in ancient times.
Jack O’Lantern.
This phenomenon, also called demon fire, disappeared into a page of mythology without being verified despite the hypotheses of numerous scholars.
But no more. The Jack O’Lantern existed as an ancient magic in the kingdom of heaven.
The fire elemental was strategically useful.
First of all, it was nice that it could be activated regardless of Ignite, and it could move in the desired orbit, as well as being divided into several parts like an illusion.
Strategies that can be used such as induction function, deception, and multiple fires have come to mind.
Amy realized Sirone’s gaze and extinguished the spirit.
I should have said thank you, but it didn’t come out well. Because it just seemed like it would be awkward.
It was different from receiving an expensive item as a gift. Perhaps what she received was Sirone’s heart.
Sirone smiled. Then he turned and walked away, as if he knew she wouldn’t say anything.
Only then did Amy start to regret it. Why didn’t she say anything? Does that mean she knows her own mind? Or did she have no special meaning in the gift from the beginning?
Sirone has an unpretentious personality, but sometimes, like this, she doesn’t know what she’s thinking.
Sirone looked around the items carefully.
What I realized while watching Amy sign a contract with the fire spirit is that the idea of finding something to take back to the original world was complacent.
Heaven was a dangerous place to cross life and death, and if you reinforce something, you should immediately find a sense of power. If there was such a thing, buying it, no matter how valuable it was, was the way to increase the survival rate.
Since Nord’s Shelter is a place where the cults belonging to the community usually stay, it mainly sells daily necessities.
Of course, it wasn’t that there were no merchants with special items. It is so expensive that it is not even on the market.
Upon learning that Sirone was carrying the White Elixir, a man secretly placed the item on the stall.
Tess ran over and pointed to the item the merchant had raised.
“oh! Isn’t this by any chance?”
A mechanism in the form of a beetle.
It was a drone made with Mecha technology.
Clove ran over and explained. Realizing that Sirone is a big hand, he became more active.
In addition to the already known reconnaissance function and language decoding function, it said that it has functions such as radio communication and map display.
“how is it? Wouldn’t you like to trade with the White Elixir? As you all know, drones are not something you can buy with an elixir. It’s equipment only for subjects.”
Sirone was also positive about this stuff. The drone’s reconnaissance ability was something I had experienced through Kanya. If Tess can use it, it would be a great accessory.
At that time, Arin said that he might be able to shave a little. She said that the merchant’s menarche caught the emotions that he called expensively.
However, I was rather surprised that the price was cheap.
If the fire spirit is a product, the drone is a limited product. If a subject’s belongings were leaked, wouldn’t it be worth it to call?
– Arin, is there something wrong? Unless… … .
-I think so too, but I don’t know. In any case, it’s true that it cost a lot compared to the price. figure out the rest
Tess hadn’t taken her eyes off the drone. She was a stickler for ancient artifacts, so it was clear that if you bought her with or without flaws, she would get it.
Sirone asked instead of her.
“How did you get it? I know it’s something that’s only given personally to the Meccans.”
“Of course it is. But even the Meccans have heresy. He must have stolen it before fleeing to Purgatory. Even if you sell just one, it won’t be difficult to make a living. See here for proof. Isn’t there a strip connected between the rims of the drone? This is proof that it has never been used. That is, straight from the factory. Perhaps the original owner was someone who worked in a Mecca technical facility.”
“Where is he?”
“I don’t know. He could have run away, or he could have died. probably dead It’s almost like that when things from heaven come to market. If you die in purgatory while taking items from heaven to earn elixirs, only the items will remain.”
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 189 - 5. Norr's Shelter (4).txt
===============================
Please enable JavaScript
[189] 5. Nor’s Shelter (4)
Indeed, such a situation was possible. It is not an item that cannot be purchased just because it is a subject matter.
Nevertheless, the merit of the limited edition was still maintained.
First of all, the merchant knows that the customer’s payment limit is two white elixirs. The fact that the price he was greedy for was a single elixir was actually much cheaper than that.
“Can anyone use it?”
“Once it is installed, anyone can use it. Hunting weapons such as Cigna, Xd, and Ark are common, but drones are personal encryption devices. Even if you steal someone else’s, you can’t use it. But it’s brand new, nobody’s owner has found it yet. So you can sell it.”
I don’t know. If it’s new, there can be no flaws.
Is it a simple mistake that comes from not understanding this world? Or was it that the fire spirit was such a difficult thing to acquire?
Sirone, unable to decide, asked Tess.
“Tess, do you want this?”
“huh! Sirone, I really want it. buy this Other things are cheap anyway, so you can get them anytime later.”
Sirone laughed and threw it away. Even when she asked for something, her cool personality was definitely different from Amy’s.
Anyway, it’s good to use Elixir for everyone. If so, I would have to buy a scam, but I couldn’t bargain because I didn’t know what flaws there were.
If I asked him openly, he would definitely be swayed by the merchant, and Clove wouldn’t be of any help.
“Why are you not selling it! You brought it exactly as I said!”
While Sirone was troubled, she heard Kanya’s voice.
Everyone turned to him. Unlike Kanya, the merchant had a relaxed smile.
“Hey, lady. Where is the scout in Purgatory? An auction, an auction. The price has gone up, but the lady can’t lower the price at will.”
“It must have been a month ago! Epiness says that one green elixir is enough! They give you up to 30 red elixirs, but why aren’t they selling them!”
epines.
Sirone remembered the white potion the apothecary recommended.
However, Kanya’s reaction was intense to say that it was simply a stimulant. What’s not to do in heaven?
“It was like that a month ago. But now the price has gone up.”
“no! I never said anything like that two months ago or even three months ago! This is profiteering!”
“My lady, the price of an auction is set by the desire of the buyer. Isn’t it basic that the more you want it, the higher the price? Aren’t Ilhwa’s sake not going to last for a few days?”
“All, you… … .”
Kanya’s face went pale. Even though he is a merchant, how can he say such a thing?
Even the crappy Clove frowned this time.
The merchant’s expression did not change even when he bought it. Because from the start, I had no intention of selling things to subjects.
“Saving Epines today would mean that my family will die within a few days. So, the lady must buy this one. So what’s the problem with paying a high price?”
“you! I won’t let you go!”
When Kanya took out the arc, Lena stopped screaming.
Violence is forbidden in Nord’s Shelter. Violence doesn’t end with being kicked out.
Maintaining a community was a reasonable majority promise. The moment the rules are broken, the community collapses.
“sister! Please be patient! If you fight here, you will die!”
Lena pulled her sister by the waist. Even while Kanya was being dragged away, she didn’t stop rant.
The merchant turned his attention to the customer and made eye contact with the medicinal material merchant across the street.
An unspoken promise never to sell Epines.
It was an oligopoly.
When Kanya came to rescue Epines three months ago, the merchant charged a price she could not pay.
In reality, it could be exchanged for about 40 Red Elixir, but it required a Green Elixir.
Elixir is different from currency. Arbitrary exchange is possible, but if the other party insists on using the green elixir, no matter how many red elixirs they collect, they cannot purchase the item.
In the end, Kanya had to buy the Green Elixir higher than its actual value. Then he came back to buy, but the merchant said he would not sell even at that price.
“Why are you so excited? What is the sake of anecdotes?”
“It is the art of regenerating life.”
Gadlock’s voice was heard. He was just about to come out of a sigh of sleep because his seat was noisy.
He could guess the situation just by looking at Kanya’s murderous expression. It was the first time I met him as a guide, but I had heard rumors floating around among the merchants.
“As you know, subjects have a fixed lifespan. When your lifespan ends, you will be reborn through the sake of anecdotes. They said that the girl’s mother was the target.”
“What kind of liquor is it exactly?”
Gadlock squinted one eye.
“I want to talk less about that. As you can see, it’s a sensitive issue. The subjects say Ilhwa’s sake is a blessing. On the other hand, most of the heretics are those who escaped heaven because they felt repulsed by the alcohol of anecdote. So does the merchant over there. It’s because of her elixir that she’s not bothering her.”
“But Kanya’s mother said she was going to end her life. So what role do stimulants play? Can you live by drinking it?”
“no. There is no case where the law is broken. To put it in heretical terms, Kanya’s mother will die sooner or later. Even so, she wants to buy Epines… … .”
Gardlock groaned.
There was a time when he was also a citizen. On the one hand, he felt sympathy because he knew what Kanya wanted to do for her by giving her life.
“Nothing. It’s just a ray of light given in despair. It is like administering an anesthetic to a dying person.”
Sirone was heartbroken. He thought that although he did not know how different the mindsets of subjects and heretics were, the sincerity of trying to alleviate the pain of parents would work everywhere.
But the law made a distinction even between them.
Kanya went into bargaining again. It was plain to her eyes that she was holding back her temper to buy epines.
There were two stalls selling epines, and maybe Kanya wouldn’t have another chance if it wasn’t today.
Sirone looked at the apothecary on the other side. His conscience pricked him, and he kept his head down.
Wouldn’t everything be fine if he bought the epines and gave it to Kanya?
As if he had read Sirone’s thoughts, he quietly put away Epines. The contract is absolute for the Norse, so I prevented the incident from escalating by causing a fuss.
Kanya offered a last resort.
“great! Then I’ll do it externally. I will do anything to get the elixir, so please give me the epines.”
“What can I get you?”
“anything! He said he would save me even if I had to hunt for the rest of my life!”
“So you ask. What are you going to get me?”
The merchant did not hide his emotions anymore.
He hated his subjects terribly. And heaven was hateful. No matter how good medicine he takes, he can’t erase the memory of living in heaven. The law of Ra was just as strong.
“Even if he said he would give it all, he said he didn’t like it. How the hell are you going to sell that drug?”
“okay? Then, even if you don’t like it, say that you live. Hmm, what should I do… … .”
The merchant, who had been pretending to be thinking, turned to Sirone and said.
“Will that boy’s entire elixir be sufficient?”
Sirone realized, that the merchant’s strategy had been hastily modified.
He must have been looking at the calculator since Kanya brought Sirone.
If you are a merchant, it is natural. But it was exhausting.
I got greedy after seeing the White Elixir, but none of the items I own are expensive. So she hooked up with Kanya.
It was a good strategy, if only emotions were excluded.
I heard that the Norse is good at business. He was certainly an excellent merchant. But he was never a good merchant.
Kanya was speechless and speechless. As her position was cleared, she only thought that she was being played by an impostor.
“I get it now. You never intended to sell in the first place. For three months I had fun, hoping I would die in purgatory! What did I do so wrong to you?”
Sirone felt sorry for her. Emotional responses, like Kanya’s, don’t work for wizards. This is because they are adept at using the opponent’s psychology to turn the situation to their advantage.
If you want to piss off a wizard, you have to do it the same way.
“You make me a bad guy. The more this happens, the more difficult it is for the lady. You didn’t say anything impossible, did you? It’s much easier to get that boy’s elixir than to hunt for a lifetime. is not it?”
“That’s stealing! It’s a robbery! Besides, you can’t even fight here! How am I supposed to get an elixir from someone who has nothing to do with me?”
“Aren’t there many things? The lady is a woman and that boy is a man, so it’s up to you to find a way.”
Kanya’s lips trembled. He wanted to shoot the merchant in the face with an arc. But the fact that she had no more chances calmed her down.
How will Sirone react if you ask for an elixir? The Elixir, which is like life to Heresy.
Still maybe… … I thought I might be able to help. This is because even though Lena is immature, she sees people well.
-I don’t like Sirone oppa because he’s handsome, I like him because he’s kind.
I laughed at him at the time, but he was definitely different from the usual heretic. Maybe he won’t hand over the elixir? That expensive white elixir? perhaps. perhaps!
everything was home Even so, the reality of having no choice but to rely on the family was miserable.
I would do anything for my mother. She couldn’t just leave her mother, who lived only half of an ordinary subject.
Leaving behind the merchant’s fishy laugh, Kanya headed for Sirone. She already knew the situation through the conversation, and Shirone’s expression was calm.
Kanya was creepy. what is she thinking? She wouldn’t be a good idea. She’ll ask why she’s walking What’s the relationship between you and me
I will apologize nonetheless. I am prepared to give up everything.
Kanya, who approached Sirone, spoke with a miserable heart.
“excuse me… … .”
“ruler.”
Sirone held out his hand. A white elixir was placed.
Kanya groaned. The rising emotion resembled anger, but it didn’t hurt in the slightest.
Why is this man doing this? Shouldn’t he at least be given a chance to kneel? Wasn’t the purpose of good deeds to buy emotions with money? What does this kind of mercy mean?
Kanya thought she should listen. But it was questionable whether the words would come out right.
“why… … .”
“Go ahead and buy Epines. It is precious to you.”
“but… … .”
It’s not valuable to you.
I wanted to spit it out, but my throat was locked and no sound came out.
This boy was different. It is different from humans and different from other species. even… … It was also different from La.
The moment the blasphemous thought came to Kanya, it was a thrilling experience. Maybe this was the beginning of the fall, I thought.
“thank you.”
Kanya, barely able to utter a single word, went back to the merchant.
As expected, purgatory seems to be a different place from heaven. Strange emotions that I have never felt in my life crossed.
She walked wearily to the merchant and handed over the elixir.
“Now, give me the epines.”
“no. You can’t sell it with this.”
“why… … And why?”
Kanya didn’t even have the strength to scream. Her determination to hold back her tears was her only support that kept her standing on her own two legs.
“I said all the elixirs that boy has. And according to my calculations, I think there will still be one more elixir?”
“no. I have no elixir left.”
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 190 - 5. Norr's Shelter (5) 2.txt
===============================
Please enable JavaScript
[190] 5. Norr’s Shelter (5)
Sirone threw the elixir at the merchant with the drone.
The merchant’s body trembled as he received it with both hands. He was so thrilled that he couldn’t even hold it properly.
It was not red, green, or yellow, but a white elixir.
Sirone flipped her palms and said.
“How are you done with this? Now give the thing to Kanya.”
“It is difficult to behave like this. That elixir must also be mine to trade.”
“Then take it from this person.”
The merchant’s eyes twitched. He realized that Sirone’s behavior was not a mere provocation.
As if to prove it, Sirone asked as she turned to the merchant who was fiddling with the elixir.
“I mean, what are you going to do? Can you back off?”
“Oh no! The deal can never be canceled!”
The merchant was frightened and waved his hand.
Of course, Mecca’s drones are highly valued. Only if the item is in usable condition.
The drone he sold was actually an item that was sorted out in the Yellow Elixir line. He handed it over to the White Elixir, so he was Suzy who would never have it again in his life.
“Now, what are you going to do? Are you going to get along with each other and even fight? I guess that’s his specialty.”
The pharmacist’s face hardened.
It’s definitely embarrassing in this case. Bargaining with customers can be shameless, but conflicts between vendors have nothing to gain. It was even more so among the lower-level community merchants who mainly deal with daily necessities.
Only then did the apothecary look closely at Sirone.
Seeing that they were pressuring me like this, it was clear that they were Norse. It is also not easy being a Norse.
Will you take one and pass it on? Exchanging epines for white elixir is a business that will go down in history.
But it was a matter of mood. He did not want to accept the fact that the will of his subjects was done.
“Okay, I’m not selling. So be content with a toy or something. I know that? You have ruthlessly trampled on this lady’s hopes.”
The merchant abandoned Pato. He gave up the money and chose the pleasure of victory.
As a merchant, it was a bargain, but as long as he could see his subjects crying, it didn’t matter.
Sirone realized he had lost the game.
“No, you have to sell drugs. Otherwise, it would be a breach of contract.”
“what? What contract am I breaking?”
“You said I will sell you medicine if you bring me all the elixirs I have. Kanya did just that. But suddenly canceling the deal is a breach of contract. You know what happens when a merchant loses his trust?”
It’s not as far as I know, it’s the end. At least it was true that there was no place to stand in the community.
But there was no sense of remorse. It was because it was Sirone who was forcing it.
“Speak straight. When I offered you the contract, you had 2 elixirs. And since I bought the drone right after the contract was signed, I was not in breach.”
“How do you know that, when did I buy the drone?”
The apothecary’s eyes shook in shock. He lost his temper, but his long business experience helped him.
The disadvantaged side was himself.
“I was already contracted to buy a drone. It’s just that he didn’t give out the elixir. To say you’re a merchant and trade without checking that much, you’re still a long way off. If you have any doubts, you can check it out.”
The apothecary honed his teeth. Things were going by the touch.
The merchant who sold the drone will take Sirone’s side under any circumstances. This is because if you prove that you signed a contract with Sirone, the ownership of the White Elixir will pass.
It was uncommon in the mainland. Since he himself took advantage of the oligopoly, he was not in a position to criticize others.
‘Why am I at a disadvantage? Shouldn’t it be the other way around?’
The yakjaesang, who was trying to recover, realized. Sirone knew that the value of drones was lower than expected.
I don’t know how I investigated, but if that doesn’t work, the current situation doesn’t exist.
The reason why merchants are on Sirone’s side is because they’ve made profits many times over.
Exclamation burst out. It penetrates the human nature of dealing with matter. It was a skill that could be eaten even among the mainland traders.
“How are you, uncle? We signed the contract first, right?”
“Of course we go first. Even before that wife started screaming, the verbal contract to hand over the drone in exchange for the white elixir was over.”
I didn’t even ask for it, but Sirone directly confirmed it.
Now I can’t seem to get rid of it. If the contract is signed with another merchant, it is the merchant’s responsibility for not checking the limit of the customer.
Should I leave like this? One white elixir was also a huge harvest, but it was a matter of pride.
He pulled out the lowest card a merchant could do.
It was a stomach slit.
“My mother was a subject of Heaven. But she didn’t take Anecdote’s drink. Do you know why?”
When no one answered, the apothecary tapped his head and continued.
“You went crazy. His father was killed in heaven. To some madman who had a crush on his mother. But do you know what the punishment was? It’s a 40-year lifespan cut. Even so, he had 40 years left to live. My father is dead. Mother cursed that human all her life, gigg. But, it was absurd that Ilhwa’s drinking date was set. With the madman who killed my father.”
Kanya’s eyes twitched.
Sirone didn’t know what that meant, but everyone except the party couldn’t help but be shocked.
“So my mother took her own life. Since the number of targets for the spell decreased, I had to pay for her remaining guilt. So she ran away from the law. Do you understand now? i hate shinmin Just looking at it makes me vomit! But do you think I will sell you drugs?”
In a word, the lid was opened, so let’s die together.
Sirone responded with a snort.
People who really decide to kill themselves don’t explain why. It’s because in a situation where you die and I die, the process doesn’t matter.
All he wanted was an emotional victory, and Sirone had no intention of giving it his way.
“So are you going to sell drugs or not?”
“I don’t sell. I won’t even vomit the elixir. I’ve decided, so do as you please.”
“Then I have no choice but to take it by force.”
“Anyway. but are you okay? If you use violence, you can’t live in the community. You have to wander all your life.”
Sirone held out his hand. As the photons were compressed, the white sphere vibrated.
The drug dealer was frightened. Magic like this was impossible. The only possible ones were people from outside the community who signed a contract with the Light Spirit.
“you… … Are you a borderline?”
“The whirlpool snake was quite strong. Thanks to that, I got three white elixirs.”
Sirone did not show emotion.
And the apothecary knew that wizards become most cruel and heartless when they castrate their emotions.
“What kind of elixir is in your body?”
Everyone knew that the survival of the apothecary would depend on the answer.
The drug dealer had been in conflict for a long time. It was the point of reaching the end of the curtain. Realizing that he couldn’t win in the end, he raised his hand with a bitter smile.
“doesn’t exist. There is no elixir in my body. So save me.”
Sirone fired a photon cannon. A flash of light passed the tip of the apothecary’s nose and crashed into the pillar of the ruins.
A roar erupted, and the column burst.
The drug dealer looked back at Sirone with the smile on his face gone.
“Do not laugh. You may be bluffing, but I’m serious. It doesn’t matter if it’s the law or the community. If you show meanness one more time, then I will not forgive you.”
“OK got it. Got it. calm down.”
The drug dealer realized the seriousness of the situation.
Sirone showed maximum hostility in a non-violent line. As a swordsman, he drew his sword, and as a beast, he exposed his fangs.
Realizing that there was no further concession than this, the apothecary threw the epines at Canya.
“Okay, okay? The contract is over.”
“One more thing left. I apologize to Kanya.”
“Why should I? You don’t have the right to interfere with my personal feelings, do you?”
“But you also have a painful past, don’t you?”
“What does that have to do with an apology?”
“It’s not like you have to apologize. Because words without sincerity are worthless. But don’t you want someone to know too? The wounds of the past.”
Really? I am… … still couldn’t get out?
The apothecary looked back at Kanya’s face, which was making a pitiful expression. He said that the person waiting for Ilhwa’s drink was his mother.
At the time, his mother was insane. Day after day she screamed and harmed herself. The fear she felt had grown even more frightening to him as a child.
“Sheesh, who knows how to apologize?”
The drug dealer snorted and cleaned the stalls. He put the medicine bottle in his bag, rolled up a blanket, and put it on top of his backpack. He got up and threw the purple potion at Kanya.
“It’s called Korfin. It’s a nervous system strengthening potion. Since you got your portion right, I’ll give it to you as a service. If you use it with Epines, it should work. Even so, it would be futile.”
The apothecary, who was walking towards the tent village, turned to Sirone and said.
“And kid, everything I said was made up. It’s great that you defeated me, but if you don’t notice that much, you’ll be beaten badly on the mainland.”
Arin delivered the words through the mental channel.
-Sirone, can you confirm that it is false?
-no it’s okay.
Sirone stared at the back of the apothecary who was lonely walking away.
Nord’s Shelter.
A place where the wanderers of Purgatory rest.
I thought that maybe what they put down here for a while might not be a tired body, but a wound in their heart.
The splendid shopping has come to an end.
Sirone soothed Kanya, who couldn’t stop crying. Beside him, Lena puffed out her cheeks and watched.
Amy and the others started the meeting without Sirone.
The items purchased with 3 white elixirs were fire spirits, drones, and epines.
Even if it was the best thing according to the situation, I couldn’t help but feel like I was losing money. In particular, Tess couldn’t hide her sorry feelings.
“I don’t mean to say that I begged you to buy it, but is it really okay? There must have been something useful in battle. In particular, you bought Epines at a ridiculously high price.”
“What does it matter? You can hunt if need be. You don’t have to worry about the past.”
“Lian is right. And it’s not just financial loss. Sirone managed the Elixir most efficiently, and you just have to be satisfied with that.”
Tess, who was comforted by Amy, cried.
“No matter how efficient it is, what do you do? Things were messed up. I also support Sirone’s choice, but the apothecary could have cut the drone in half if it hadn’t been for some weird tricks.”
Kanis said with a sneer.
“Amy didn’t mean that. Actually, Sirone didn’t see any loss. He bought something that couldn’t be obtained even if I gave him all the white elixirs.”
“what? Was the fire spirit really that expensive?”
“no. The most expensive was Epines.”
Tess thought Canis, whom she was not friendly with, was joking.
I’m just saying it because I said it, but thinking that I bought something with a white elixir that could have been bought with a red elixir made me wake up in a fit of rage.
Ryan asked as if he couldn’t understand.
“Why is Epines the most expensive? It’s a common drug.”
“That’s true, but for today, the price was beyond imagination. The most important thing is the owner of the item. Kanya and Lena. In other words, they are citizens of Heaven.”
“ah… … .”
“You understand now? It’s not epines. Sirone bought a ticket to heaven with just one white elixir.”
Indeed it is.
Come to think of it, the way to enter heaven was far away. But now, they also have a corner. If you borrow Kanya’s power, you can enter heaven.
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 191 - 5. Norr's Shelter (6) 2.txt
===============================
[191] 5. Norr’s Shelter (6)
Even so, the reason I felt rejected was that it sounded like Sirone was using her.
“Sirone is not like that! Even if Kanya wasn’t a subject, she would have helped me the same way! Sirone is nice and… … !”
“I know, what kind of character it is. Because he is that kind of guy.”
Tess was speechless when Canis readily admitted.
“You must have been sincere in giving away the White Elixir. So what I want to say is this. Shirone must have acted like that with good intentions, but he’s not stupid enough to even think about the situation. is not it?”
The group did not object.
If it was Sirone, there was no way she wouldn’t know what Canis thought of. If so, you will be strategizing one way or another. Just in time, Sirone walked this way with Kanya.
Kanya lowered her head and said.
“I’m sorry, I suffered a loss because of me. I will never forget this grace.”
Amy asked with a wink at Sirone over her shoulder. She shook her head as if she knew as well.
In life, there are times when good intentions are reflected as calculations, but this was the case with Sirone now. I didn’t want to hurt Kanya, so I wanted to watch a little longer.
Opinions came and went through mental channels. Kanis said he would speak, but the majority vote decided to delegate it to Sirone.
After the meeting, Amy and Kanya were busy examining the fire elemental and the drone.
While watching, Sirone realized that among the women in the party, only Arin had nothing.
“Sorry. I ran out of elixir.”
said Canis.
“I do not need. I didn’t come here just to get something like this.”
Tess, who was petting the drone, became angry.
“what? Say it again.”
“I do not need. I didn’t come here just to get something like this.”
As Tess gritted her teeth, Canis added.
“We risked our lives and came here not to go to purgatory. You have to think that even that drone you are hugging is a piece of equipment that everyone carries around in heaven.”
Canis was right.
If Purgatory was a market for selling goods, Heaven was a factory for manufacturing goods. All the principles of this world came from the law of heaven.
Tess pouted and sat back down.
Anyway, the drone is yours. Even if there are some bizarre things in heaven, if you can’t find them, isn’t it a piece of cake?
Feeling good again, she pet the drone. Then, she suddenly became curious about how to use it.
I didn’t handle it harshly for fear of breaking it, but shaking it and tapping it showed no sign of it working.
“Kaña, how do you use this? I said it was new, but it doesn’t work.”
“Give me I’ll look into it.”
Kanya was handed the drone and turned it around. Then she saw a steel strap tied to the drone’s flight organ, and she looked puzzled.
I know she also bought a drone with the white elixir. But she never thought to sell something like this. The equipment of the Mechas whose belts were not untied was useless.
“excuse me… … I can’t use this.”
“What? why? Is there something wrong with it?”
“No, rather the opposite. This is brand new, right out of the factory. Do you see the inscription on the steel strip here? This is called henna, but it can only be used if you break the seal. But the seal can only be broken at the factory. That’s why I can’t write.”
Tess looked like she was about to cry. To think that the item obtained by paying the white elixir was the same as a lump of scrap metal.
Listening to the conversation, Sirone realized why the merchant was so anxious to sell his goods. He wasn’t talking about sealing.
said Amy, taking away the drone.
“Give me this. I’ll go and get a refund. You sold a defective item without even explaining it. This is a scam!”
“that’s right. I cheated.”
The merchant who sold drones came with a clove.
As soon as she accepted it without hesitation, Amy lost her temper.
The party calmed down and waited for the merchant’s next words. But he said nothing. He gave out three yellow elixirs from his bosom instead.
“What’s this?”
“This is the original price of the drone. Of course, the profit is taken away, but no auction can sell it cheaper than this. All items in Mecca are locked. I’m sorry I didn’t tell you the truth.”
Arin told me it was the truth.
Amy guessed why the merchant made a declaration of conscience. First of all, it was an obvious fraud, and seeing Sirone’s skills, he came to the conclusion that the matter would get bigger.
In the end, it was a simbeom to take care of the original share. He had no guts for a merchant.
“Don’t look at me like that. I have no intentions.”
“Then why return it?”
“That’s what an apology means. I felt miserable. I escaped from heaven and entered purgatory, but I lived believing that there was hope. I don’t want to throw away my pride as a merchant.”
Sirone received the yellow elixir as if she understood. She informed Ah-rin that she was half-truth and half-false, but she was fed up with fighting with marbles.
The merchant comforted them in his own way.
“Yeah, it’s not like I’ve shaved too much. Usually, 10 yellow elixirs are enough to get one white elixir. The value of drones in Purgatory is just as high.”
Tess snapped.
“Then what are you doing? You can’t use it anyway.”
The merchant had nothing to say about it. Mecha equipment was not a major handling item, and there was no information to know that it was obtained by chance.
But Amy got a hint from the merchant’s words.
“Isn’t high value means there is a way to unlock the lock?”
Tess looked back with a glimmer of hope, but the merchant just shrugged his shoulders in disapproval.
Canis, who had been listening to their conversation, sighed.
I was annoyed at the situation where I was thinking about the key to the lock in front of me. Should I tell you this or not?
In the end, he showed a little camaraderie and opened his mouth.
“You guys really don’t know?”
“huh? Don’t you know?”
“Remember how we got here. Think about it if you have a head.”
Tess searched for memory. He escaped through the Guffin’s Gate into Heaven. Guffin’s Gate? Wait, what did we do at Guffin’s Gate?
Tess turned to Sirone and shouted.
“Sirone! Quickly, quickly release this!”
Sirone realized it too.
The Guffin’s Gate is also a kind of ancient weapon. The exterior is nothing more than a stone wall, but when the Immortal function is opened, it turns into a dimensional door. Maybe that’s why the nickname Unlocker was attached.
After accepting the drone, Sirone held it with both hands and focused. Will it happen? I doubted it, but I expected it to happen nine times out of ten.
When I opened Immortal Function, the drone started to glow. The merchant’s eyes widened as he watched.
A red pattern was revealed along the locking device called henna. Although the form was different, it was the same phenomenon seen at Guffin’s Gate.
The henna fell off with a ting, and light leaked through the cracks in the assembly.
Sirone smiled brightly and raised the drone.
“Wow, is this for real?”
Just like the smile on her face, Sirone’s body stiffened.
A lot of Norse people were looking this way. Not only Kanya and Lena, but also Gardlock and Clove were shocked and stunned.
I thought it was simply because I opened the seal, but I heard a whisper somewhere.
As Arin tried to telepathize with several people, their voices entered his head.
Nephilim.
Many words came and went, but the word that came out in common was Nephilim.
The louder the voice, the more anxious Sirone became.
I didn’t know if the word Nephilim meant a good thing or a bad thing.
Arin said their feelings were awe and fear.
Kanya, who met Sirone’s eyes, was startled. But she remembered that even that was disrespectful and fell to her knees.
“The subjects of Ra meet the Nephilim.”
Sirone couldn’t fathom how things were going.
Then the guard locks approached. He had a more serious face than when he was being chased by the heresy.
“You guys weren’t the ones who fell into purgatory. They were the ones who opened the door and came in.”
“I do not understand. What the hell are the Nephilim?”
“In this world, only angels can come and go between heaven and earth at will. There are various missions, but among them is to conceive a person who will reform the land nation. It has to be a virgin who has never had children, and that’s called virgin conception. Nephilim refers to the offspring of an angel and a virgin. This is how the Nephilim are called in heaven. free from the law.”
Sirone remembered the priestesses that Chief Kergo invited to attend the banquet. He said that only a virgin could bear a child of angelic descent.
Even so, what I don’t understand is that he is not a Nephilim. If she really is descended from angels, why did her mother abandon herself?
In addition, it is absurd to say that they are Nephilim because they are capable of immortal functions.
If all the Unlockers in the world came from a single bloodline, there is no way that scholars couldn’t figure it out.
“The Nephilim are out of the will of Ra. But the subjects follow the Nephilim. Because he is the one who has risen to the highest position that humans can climb.”
Sirone didn’t like it. Isn’t there no reason for subjects to follow just because their ancestors are good?
Immortal Function was also a realization through a challenge. It just seemed absurd to attribute the achievements he was proud of to his bloodline.
“That’s Okay. Knowing that doesn’t change anything anyway, right?”
“It doesn’t. Because this is a country of heretics. Anyway, why the hell did you come to Purgatory? Are you here to carry out an angelic mission?”
Sirone guessed the value of an angel. It was a means of communication that connected gods and subjects through dimensions.
“yes. We came to enter heaven. I have something to tell you.”
“It was too. But why did you come to Norr’s shelter?”
“I wonder why… … .”
When Sirone turned around, Kanya turned her head with a reddened face.
Her heart was pounding. Sirone was not a heretic or imitation to be rejected. She was the great Nephilim who defeated the poisonous ear and obtained Epineth.
Sirone calmed Kanya down.
“Don’t be too nervous. Actually, I didn’t even know they were Nephilim. Just be comfortable.”
“but… … how… … .”
Amy came over and helped. Even though Sirone was right, she was strangely uncomfortable with her feelings.
“Yeah, take it easy. Even if Sirone is a Nephilim, the other friends are heretics. We’re comfortable with Sirone, so you don’t have to do that, right?”
Kanya didn’t think so.
Those who accompanied the Nephilim could not be classified as heretics. Because they are connected to the Nephilim, and the Nephilim are connected to the angels.
Anyway, since she couldn’t deny what the higher law said, Kanya decided to treat her comfortably according to Sirone’s will. But there was still a big echo in my heart.
Nephilim, Nabal, and Tess didn’t care. Sirone is sirone.
She smirked and looked at the drone. Her heart skipped a beat when she heard the hum.
Kanya came over and held out her hand.
“Give me this. I will teach you how to use it.”
A drone is a remote-controlled device that uses the human brain as a control tower. It is said that it can fly up to a radius of 10 kilometers from the control tower, although it depends on the atmospheric conditions, using advanced technology called retinal vision to transmit information directly to the user’s eyes.
“To use the drone, you have to enter a personal password. It uses a natural frequency, but only mechanics in Mecca know the principle. To use it anyway, click here then… … .”
When I put my hand on the reset button, the hemispherical drone split into several organs.
As I put it on Tess’ head, the drone tightened with a mechanical sound and began reading the brain waves.
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 192 - 5. Norr's Shelter (7).txt
===============================
[192] 5. Norr’s Shelter (7)
After 30 seconds, a signal indicating that the saving was completed appeared.
Please enable JavaScript
After searching for the left and right eyeballs, the drone sent a signal to the left eyeball.
Tess gasped in amazement. The view of her eyes was overlaid with the view of the drone.
This ability alone was worth a schema.
Taking off the drone and mounting it as a gauntlet, Tess listened to the explanation and nodded her head.
Kanya told me that it has a language decoding function and a function to automatically find a target by tracking radio waves by storing specific brain waves.
Unlike Sirone and the others, who were excited about reinforcing their combat power, Clove rolled her eyes as if she was anxious.
Even heresy, the word Nephilim was strong.
It was different from the fear felt by strong enemies. The Nephilim were fears of the unknown that had nothing to do with how powerful they were.
Recalling the attitude she had shown towards them so far, she hoped that Sirone would not only curse strangely.
As expected, Sirone approached.
Contrary to what he thought, he took out a yellow elixir and put it in his hand.
It was a fee.
Clove struggled for a while before putting it in his pocket.
“Oh, thank you. You don’t have to give me this much.”
“are you okay. You can’t split an elixir anyway.”
“you… … Are you really a Nephilim?”
“I don’t know. I’m just a magic school student. No matter what people call it here, that won’t change.”
“I’m sorry for being harsh. I know you are a man of the land… … .”
“Even people on earth shouldn’t treat you like that.”
“Yeah, that’s right. Sorry.”
Sirone didn’t want to say anything more.
Discipline is meaningless to an opponent who succumbs to fear. Even if you tell the c*ckroach to bow, he will obey.
Sirone stopped paying attention to Clove and went to the place where the Norse were gathered. Since this place is also part of the community, I thought of asking.
“Hey, maybe… … Do you know about a woman named Miro?”
The Norse reaction was bewildered.
Just as Sirone was about to give up and turn around, an old man walking with a cane.
“Miro, did you say maze?”
“yes. Do you know?”
“I heard about it when my parents were still alive. Could it be that she is also a Nephilim?”
“yes? Oh, right.”
People in this world know Unlockers as Nephilim. I don’t know exactly where Miro was born, but since she was also an Unlocker, it seemed safe to give her a definite answer.
“She denied the law of Ra.”
“that is… … What do you mean?”
“I don’t know. That’s all I heard But her mother didn’t hate her. Even though she was a subject whom she followed so much. It was shocking to me as a child.”
A woman who denied the Law of Ra. The information obtained was simple, but if you think about it, it conveys a lot.
First of all, it was clear that Miro had been to heaven. And he would have gone back after realizing much more about this world than he did.
Then she denied Ra.
What judgment will you make when this journey is over? Will you understand the labyrinth, or will you deny it?
As I was lost in thought, Amy approached me.
“Sirone, it looks like the sun is going down. I decided to sleep here today, how is it?”
“huh? I’m fine too. I’m tired from fighting in the morning. Let’s rest from now on.”
“excuse me… … .”
Kanya came over and started talking. Amy could tell just by looking at her expression. From the way she followed, it was clear that she cared about her relationship with Sirone.
“what’s the matter? Anything to say to me?”
“I taught Tess how to use the drone.”
“Oh yeah. thank you.”
“Me and Lena are going to sleep here too. The guides are fifty at this time. I think we will leave tomorrow morning.”
“ah… … I see.”
Sirone left a lingering impression at the end of her words.
If Kanya leaves tomorrow morning, they must follow them then. But the problem was that there was no agreement.
Kanya, who looked at Amy for a moment, said.
“You said you were going to heaven, right? If it’s okay, can you stop by my house for a day?”
I was thinking of going to heaven, but staying overnight at Kanya’s house was another event.
It could be because of her mother who is dying. She may have been tempted to introduce the Nephilim to her parents, who were ardent subjects.
In any case, there was no reason to refuse. She was only grateful to her for accepting her goodwill as her goodwill.
When Sirone agreed, Kanya blushed.
Amy didn’t like that part, but she couldn’t be timid, so she snorted and went to Tess.
While organizing the day’s work, the outside of Norr’s shelter became noisy. A group of people came running and screaming.
“Patrol! behind! Get down on the floor!”
Before I had time to ask what was going on, the Norse people scattered in all directions.
Sirone grabbed Kanya’s hand and ran to the guard lock. His friends seemed to have made the same judgment, and were gathering there.
Sirone, lying down in the bush, listened to Gardlock’s every detail.
It is said that on days when the moon rises to full moon, angels patrol the periphery of Purgatory.
Its reason and purpose are unclear, but it has been a revelation that has been passed down among cults for thousands of years.
A sound echoed through the world from the sky. The air around me was vibrating as if tens of thousands of locusts had gathered.
As each sound was layered, the cacophony disappeared and a single melody pierced my ears.
Is it the most beautiful string instrument in the world?
Sirone lost her mind and fell into a delusion.
Gardlock pulled Sirone’s mind out of consciousness.
“Wake! Don’t get lost in the sound! We’re enduring it because we’re wizards, other races have already reached out.”
Sirone looked at Tess and Lena. Sitting on his knees he was weeping. He didn’t lose his mind, but he was already in his other world.
What the hell is this sound? Can a single note shake a person’s mind like this?
“Where are you sounding from?”
“Each angel has a unique vibration. It is a vibration emitted by existence itself.”
“A vibration of existence itself? How is that possible?”
“In heaven, angels are called the adjusters of the law. As the first entity in the law of cause and effect, it takes precedence over all laws. Vibration is a vibration that proves the realm unique to angels.”
Sirone looked up at the sky. Judging by the frequency of the vibration, it seemed that sooner or later it would pass over Nord’s shelter.
Even though they said they had hit the curtain with light magic, they couldn’t shake off their anxiety.
“Can angels see us?”
“Maybe, maybe not.”
“What does it mean? Can you see it?”
“Have you checked your finger prints today?”
“no.”
“It’s a similar situation. If you set your mind to it, you can project as many curtains of light as you like. But they don’t fly like that in the wide purgatory. As long as you don’t act on a whim today, it won’t be a big deal.”
In the bushes on the outskirts, someone called ‘Coming!’ he shouted.
Sirone raised her head. I saw four figures passing through the sky at high speed.
I couldn’t even blink my eyes.
An angel in a white robe was flying in the lead. He spread his wings of light ten times larger than his body and held a golden piece of iron in his hand. Above all, the thing that caught my attention most intensely was the sphere of light floating above his head.
Those who formed a triangular formation centered on an angel were creatures I had never seen before.
Those who guarded the left and right sides resembled humans, but had red and blue skin tones.
Behind him was followed by a monster made up of all kinds of creatures.
Above their heads floated long horn-like triangles of red light, ranging in number from one to three. Even though it was not a cone, it maintained the same shape from any angle.
“What is it, the monster at the end? I could see the legs of an octopus and the face of a snake.”
“Those are Maraya. Causal rate 2nd entity. Another name is Keeper of the Law.”
“Are you a follower of the law?”
“Angels are said to be the adjusters of the law. They are the first personalities created by God and have the right to freely interpret God’s will. Do you know what this means? That you can bend the law as you please. It’s on a different level from giants. When an angel orchestrates the law, Mara acts. That is why we call Mara the follower of the law.”
Sirone realized that she had met the highest class of this world.
If God is the law, angels are the judges.
If so, wouldn’t Mara be at least an aide carrying out the orders of the judge?
“Something was floating above my head. Angels are spheres and Mara are horn-like… … .”
“Right, horns. But it’s not a real horn, it’s a thought body. The higher the number of horns, the higher the Maraya. They are endowed with unique abilities from birth. The source of that power is the horn.”
“Then what’s on the angel’s head?”
“It’s called the Astral Body. It’s no exaggeration to say that the power of angels resides in the Holy Light. I don’t know much about the principle. Even when I was a subject, I could count on one hand the number of times I saw an angel.”
Clove said with a trembling chin.
“I’d rather come here and see you more often.”
Sirone was seized by a strange feeling.
If angels really exist, are the Unlockers really Nephilim? Is the power to cross dimensions at will, or the maze’s scale magic, the ability of an angel?
My head started hurting.
I got a lot of information from the first day I arrived in heaven, but the board of the puzzle was so big that I couldn’t guess the whole thing.
Not long after the angel left, the moon rose.
It was a huge moon that I could touch from the top if there was a mountain. It was grotesque.
After the angel’s patrol, the day of the Norse came to an end.
Sirone rented a 12-seater barrack in the tent village and lay down side by side with his friends.
I could hear the sound of breathing all over the place. I wanted to think more, but my body felt that my body function was deteriorating.
Sirone, who had fallen asleep without realizing it, met Miro in her dream. It wasn’t a nightmare.
6. Anecdote (1)
Sirone and the others followed Guard Rock and arrived at the Valley of the Vortex Serpent.
Since the law was broken, it could no longer be called the Valley of the Whirlwind Serpents, but the name that had lasted for tens of thousands of years would not easily disappear.
Gadlock said that he would no longer be able to find guides here.
Now that the whirling serpent is gone, there is a possibility that a new law will come in. Any law would not be friendly to them.
“I will see you someday. The law is finite, but man is infinite. Even if heaven perishes, Norr’s resting place will not disappear.”
Gardlock said so and disappeared.
The words that humans are infinite touched Sirone’s heart. Even here, tens of thousands of light years away, humans were living.
The party flew three drones into the sky.
The importance of reconnaissance increased because of Kergo’s experience of heresy hunting.
When Sirone asked about heaven, unlike the first time they met, Kanya kindly explained it.
“Heaven is made up of seven heavens. From the 7th thousand Aravoth to the 1st thousand Shaman. The place where subjects live is the first thousand Shaman. The three races, Mecca, Norr, and Kergo, keep the law and do the work given to them. If Kergo produces it, Mecha processes it, and Norr plays the role of supplying it.”
“But isn’t that unreasonable? It’s something you’ve been destined to do since you were born.”
“We have been doing this for hundreds of thousands of years. It’s just following Anchera’s laws.”
As far as Sirone knows, it took about 10,000 years at the most for civilization to have been born in the original world. If heaven had existed for hundreds of thousands of years, it would have been normal for it to be population saturated, apart from social problems.
When Sirone brought out such thoughts, Kanya tilted her head instead.
“It is disrespectful to ask such questions. You govern the world called Anke. So far, the population of Sharma has never decreased or increased. The population is always the same.”
“How could that be? Is it like a birth control policy?”
“Those who keep the law and obey it will have eternal life. They can enter the Shehakim of the Third Heaven and live forever.”
“So those who don’t get eternal life die?”
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 193 - 6. Anecdote (2).txt
===============================
[193] 6. Anecdote (2)
“no. Even if their lifespan ends, the subjects of Heaven do not die. Regenerated into a new life through the sake of anecdotes.”
Please enable JavaScript
“Then it is arithmetically incorrect. If everyone can live forever, why is the population the same?”
“The lifespan of subjects is under the control of Ra. Because the lifespan of the entire population is calculated under strict laws, we can keep a fixed figure.”
Eternal life and population limitation were words that could not go hand in hand.
In the end, the key lies in the sake of anecdotes.
However, like Guardlock, Kanya also avoided explaining. Whether it was a subject or a heretic, he had his own beliefs, but it seemed that that was not the case with Anecdote’s sake.
contradiction.
The sake of the anecdote Sirone imagined was a huge contradiction.
From the valley of the whirling snake, through the forest of the profane, we reached heaven.
The group raised their heads to the sky.
Compared to the size of the walls, they were but dust. It was an extreme scale that humans could not create.
Kanya introduced this place as District 73 and added that there are 820 Districts in the 1st Thousand alone.
Giving up on her imagination, Sirone touched the wall. He thought it was stone, but it was metal.
Heaven’s technology was beyond the common sense of Sirone and the others.
“Is it okay if we go in?”
“It will be fine. Because it’s Nephilim. But it is unpredictable.”
“Then why don’t we jump over the castle wall instead?”
I thought it would be impossible to cross the wall that reached the sky, but there was no other way.
But even Kanya shook her head.
“No drone can fly in the airspace of Heaven except drones that are approved to fly. You will be intercepted. I’ve never heard of it before, but I’ve heard of it from his grandfather before. And it’s impossible to sneak in anyway.”
“why? There doesn’t seem to be anyone guarding the door.”
“There is no restriction on entry. It’s a matter of the law. The information that occurs in heaven is managed by the sixth heaven, where angels reside. Since it can measure the mass fluctuations of each zone and even the gaseous components mixed with the air, it is futile even if they come in from hiding. don’t worry too much Because nothing dangerous will happen. This is not purgatory.”
Kanya, a subject, reassured Sirone that there was no need to plant bad feelings about heaven in advance.
As he approached the gate and thrust the gauntlet, a red beam emanated from the lens and scanned the surface.
The sound of the world shaking was heard as the gates opened. Even blocking my ears didn’t help.
When the entrance to Area 73 was opened, Sirone and the others followed Kanya and entered Heaven.
The lens sparkled as the gates closed.
The information of the newly changed District 73 was transmitted to the 6th Heaven Jebul.
Total mass 49,739,498,847.3423 kg.
0.0000024 percent increase in carbon dioxide emissions.
@
Sharmain’s first impression was heterogeneous.
The residences of the tribes were divided across the street, but the cultural styles were extremely different.
Norse buildings were utilitarian, whereas Kergoin’s buildings were extravagant. And when they found Meccain’s building, Sirone and Amy stopped and were speechless.
It was the magic warehouse, Estas.
Square boxes were piled up in layers, and they moved freely intersecting with the building next to it.
I didn’t think that Mecca would visit the magic school. In some way, it was proof that Mecha’s technology had flowed into the original world.
Kanya passed through the streets of Mecca and came out to the square.
The scenery of the plaza, where various races are mixed like a bridgehead of culture, seemed to see the international market of a neutral country.
“Sirone, look over there.”
Amy pointed to the statue of the giant.
It felt different from when I saw it at the Kergo Altar. Giants actually live here. He even fought a battle.
What is the reason why the giant who is admired by the subjects is wandering in Purgatory?
Kanya’s house was the same size as the other Meccan houses.
If Kergo was for show off and Nor was for practical use, Mecha seemed to pursue standards.
Upon entering Kanya’s house, the building rose to the fourth floor.
Unlike the inhuman form, the inside was cozy.
My parents, who were sitting at the table, jumped up.
I heard that the sake of the anecdote is for those whose lifespan is ending, but their faces are much younger than Sirone expected.
Kanya’s mother hugged her two daughters and shouted.
“Where have you been? Do you know how worried her mother was?”
“Sorry. There was a situation.”
“Who are those children? You look like a Norse.”
“I went to Nord’s Shelter. to get this.”
When Kanya handed out the potion, her mother’s eyes widened in shock.
never told anyone But how does his daughter know about this?
“you… … This… … .”
“It’s a stimulant, made with Nor’s magic. Drink this before drinking alcohol.”
“Lena! Why did you do this? Mom didn’t want this!”
“So you’re saying you’re just watching? Even her mother went to Purgatory to give her medicine to her grandfather!”
“Who the hell are you talking to… … !”
“Grandpa told me! That’s why Grandpa was able to drink anecdotes while laughing until the end! That’s it! That’s family!”
“Why are you really like that! Then you must know that my mother’s lifespan was shortened while looking for medicine! How would her mother feel if her daughter did the same thing!”
Dad, who had been listening with a sad expression, interrupted.
“Both of you, stop. It’s already spilled water. It’s okay since we got back safely.”
After drying his wife, he looked back at Sirone and the others.
“Then are you heretics, from Nord’s resting place?”
Kanya introduced Sirone and the others.
“no. They are from the country of the land. You saved my life and Lena’s life and helped me get this medicine too. If it wasn’t for those people, I might have died.”
There are no parents in the world who would treat their daughter harshly when they were told that they had saved their daughter’s life.
Dad called Sirone and the others home.
While her mother prepared the meal, Kanya told her about her experiences in Purgatory.
When it was said that Sirone was a Nephilim, both of them knelt and the living room was in an uproar.
After the party’s earnest request, the parents agreed to treat them comfortably.
“I see. Thank you for helping Kanya and Lena. But you’d better get out of here quickly. Even the Nephilim would not welcome those from the land.”
“no. We intend to go to the 7th thousand.”
Arabot, the sacred place of God, was such a holy place that it would be disrespectful to even dare to say that I would go there. However, since Sirone was free from the law, he was free to say the words that came to his mind.
“but… … There is no way to get to the Seventh Heaven.”
“You should think about that from now on. What I’m more curious about is the law here. What do you mean by shortening lifespan?”
“Literally. Subjects are given life span according to the law from birth. Kanya’s lifespan is 62 years. Lena can live to be 73.”
“what? Lena is the younger sister, but she has a longer lifespan?”
“Life can change at any time. Lena got ten extra years of life for singing her hymn beautifully in her childhood. It’s a good thing, but the problem is my wife. Her wife lived 43 years and 247 days. She only has one day left.”
Sirone’s heart sank.
What kind of person in the world knows lifespan up to one day in advance? If he did, he was terrifying to imagine.
Even so, Kanya’s mother was smiling. Because she is sure that the grace of Ra will fall.
“My wife’s lifespan was cut short by 20 years for going to purgatory when she was young. So tomorrow she goes into the anecdote.”
Changing a person’s lifespan is a cruel thing. No, I didn’t think it would be possible.
If Ra rules the lifespan, how old is he?
It is said that the history of heaven is hundreds of thousands of years. Maybe Ra is really a god.
“What is the sake of anecdotes?”
“Hmm, I guess I didn’t tell you. I guess so. It’s not a good thing to know. Above all, aren’t the Nephilim free from the law? It has nothing to do with you.”
“I still want to know. If you know what it is, you might come up with a good method.”
“Hmm, if that’s the case… … .”
Just as Dad was about to speak, a clear voice rang out from outside the window.
“Everyone support me! Mecca officer Feofenira.”
Sirone and the others jumped to their feet.
Like sound amplification magic, the voice was reaching this far. Most surprising of all was that the language was automatically translated.
The ability to transmit mentally without going through a channel.
If it was magic, it was a high difficulty.
“In the end, what was to come had to come. It is a fairy.”
“A fairy? Is that the fairy I know?”
Sirone recalled the fairies living in the original world.
Kanya’s father mistook the fairy he was talking about for a fairy here and nodded.
“okay. doers of the law. If a giant keeps the law, a fairy is a doer of the law. He can be said to be my vassal. It must have come because of Kanya and Lena’s case.”
“What shall we do?”
“If you are a Nephilim, you don’t have to worry. being free from the law. but… … I don’t know if she’ll take that into consideration. Because of her unique personality.”
“What are you doing! Citizens of this house, open the door!”
A fairy’s voice came from outside the door.
This was on the 4th floor. And the fairy Sirone knew was never a flying being.
Dad opened the door and, contrary to Sirone’s expectations, a dainty creature flew in.
It was a girl the size of the palm of my hand.
She had curly blonde hair, and she was so pretty that her features were clearly visible even on her small face. He was wearing ankle-high green boots, and his transparent wings were swaying at an invisible speed.
When Kanya’s family knelt down, Sirone’s party also followed them.
Floating in the air, Feope lifted her chin and said.
“I am Peope, the fairy of the spiral. He appeared in person to judge the subjects.”
Fairies, like jack-o-lanterns, are born from the heart, but they are not attributes of the natural world.
single concept.
Thus, fairies were rational and were able to dominate the embodied concept.
“So from now on I will enforce the law. Kanya and Lena, have you ever been to Purgatory?”
“yes. I have been out.”
Kanya’s parents closed their eyes.
However, Kanya, the party involved, was calm. It was something he had been preparing for before he left heaven.
If there’s just something… … It was Lena.
“sorry. I wanted to treat her mother with delicious food before the drinking of Ilhwa, so I hunted in the forest of the vulgar.”
Since Kergo can freely come and go to Purgatory, he wondered if his sins would be lightened if he made an excuse for hunting.
However, Feope pushed her as if she didn’t care about the situation of her subjects.
“Hey, how dare you tell a lie. What use is food to a subject who will die tomorrow?”
Kanya’s mother eventually burst into tears.
Even if the sake of anecdote is a blessing, is there any creature in the world who is not afraid of death? Such dangerous feelings were stirred up by Feope.
Sirone felt anger at that fact.
The subjects call Ilhwa’s sake regeneration. However, the words from the fairy, the official of domestic affairs, were a clear death sentence.
The reason it wasn’t a simple threat was because I couldn’t feel any malice from Peope’s words.
It was like an innocent child expressing his feelings honestly.
“Anyway, don’t judge. Kanya and Lena, I cut your lifespan by 40 years.”
Kanya had a stunned expression. If you cut 40 years, your remaining life will be less than 10 years. Lena is on her better side, but she will end her life at the age of 33.
Being sentenced to a 40-year cut for trespassing was the highest record she knew.
Same-age sales a year ago received a five-year cut. Uncle Kai, a Norse, was seven years old. Even the mother, who is known as the most unlucky case, is 20 years.
But cut 40 years? She says yes, but what about Lena’s life?
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 194 - 6. Anecdote (3).txt
===============================
[194] 6. Anecdotal Liquor (3)
“Feope! please forgive me! Adding my and Lena’s lifespan together is a cut of 80 years. I forced my brother into it. So at least my sister, please forgive me!”
“What about 40 years? After all, don’t you only live 60 years at most? Would you be able to do all the things you want to do in 5 years?”
It is lifespan that determines biological characteristics. Fairies have reason like humans, but their way of thinking is completely different as they live an eternal lifespan.
A fairy’s life gives her plenty of time to make up for her mistakes. So, although he is honest and honest, he had no way to understand the feelings of a human with a limited lifespan.
It is as if there is no human being who knows how precious an hour of life is.
In particular, from the point of view of Peope, who was born only a year ago, death was just a word that would only come to mind a thousand years later.
Kanya’s mother collapsed on the floor. I knew that my newly appointed articles of association were clumsy, but she never dreamed that she would make such a disastrous judgment.
“Feope, you are the executor of the law. However, no one in the fairy realm has ever dealt with such severe punishment. It was 20 years for me alone. Please change your mind.”
“what? You’re just ignoring me because I’m only a year old! I know everything I know! The executors of the law have the power to adjudicate life spans of up to 50 years. Are you rebelling against my own authority?”
“If you really made that judgment, please tell me why you would agree.”
“Huh, good! Then I’ll tell you! Caña and Lena’s unauthorized departure from heaven reduces their lifespan by 20 years! And the remaining 20 years are the sin of bringing heresy! Wouldn’t that be dissatisfying?”
Peope pointed at Sirone and the others and said. There was no report that heresy had entered, but it was a fact that I confirmed with my own eyes when I came here, so there was no problem in making a judgment.
“Feope! These people are not heretics! The boy here is a Nephilim.”
“Yes, the Nephilim?”
Feope stared at Sirone.
Are they really Nephilim?
descendant of angels. free from the law. The original knowledge given at the time of birth passed through my head.
Since fairies are not the adjusters of the law, they can only be charged with certain laws. Therefore, it was true that no punishment could be imposed on the Nephilim.
Even so, Peope did not back down.
As the youngest of 48,000 fairies in the 72nd class of fairies, she recalled the verbal violence suffered by her senior sisters every day. If she did not establish her authority here and went back, she would be a laughing stock until the next youngest was born.
“Even if I do, the sin doesn’t change! Let the Nephilim pass! But not all will be Nephilim! Therefore, the sin of introducing heresy will be punished!”
Kanya’s mother raised her head and retorted.
“I am not a Nephilim, but I am a friend of the Nephilim. It is against the law to accuse them of heresy.”
“Shut up! How can a subject discuss the law with the executor of the law! I am carrying out Ra’s will. To go against me is to go against God!”
“Wait a minute.”
When Sirone stood up from her knees, Feope crossed her arms and looked back at him.
Fighting the Nephilim was not a good thing, but even the Nephilim had no authority to get involved in the execution of the law.
“what? I will not forgive you if it interferes with enforcement.”
“No, I’m trying to correct my misunderstanding. We are not brought by that girl. just followed Then you can’t blame that girl, can you?”
“What are you talking about? Are you following me?”
“I found that girl by chance outside of heaven. It just came in as I opened the door. I can go anywhere because I am free from the law. That’s why I came to this house to have dinner. So there is nothing wrong with those two sisters.”
“Who knows who would be fooled by such a lie?”
“Then prove it. I want you to prove that what I am saying is false.”
The mecha system in heaven catches any small variable, but cannot read emotions.
A lot of information verifies the situation in which Sirone and the others came in with Kanya, but it was impossible to figure out their relationship. All of this happened because Sirone was a Nephilim.
Feope rolled her eyes here and there.
You have to find another way somehow. If rumors spread that he was played by human words, he would be ridiculed for a thousand years.
“good night. If so, it restores Kanya and Lena’s lifespan by 20 years. And the entry of the Nephilim is also permitted. However, since those who remain must be heretics who deny the law, their life span will be shortened. You there, tell me your name first.”
Peope pointed at Arin and said.
Of course, Arin didn’t answer.
I don’t know the exact cause, but the ability to grant life seems to require a name. Arin was not foolish enough to openly write her name in the killing book.
“Nope. Why do I have to tell you your name?”
“These are real! It’s a shallow heresy, so you don’t know the fear of fairies!”
Sirone said with a disapproving expression.
“What do you think of human life? You are not going to die one day either.”
“I am Jung. It cannot be compared to human life! Besides, I’ve only lived a year! You have very, very much left before the end of your life.”
Sirone snorted.
The future is the future because it eventually comes. That’s why we honor those who lived first, and commemorate them when they leave the world.
Feope didn’t seem to realize that the concept of the future was of an indestructible nature.
No, you probably never even thought about it.
said to be one year old. Compared to the age of a human being, I could guess how immature they were.
Feope put her hand on her waist and said.
“Okay, it’s going to come out like this, right? For the sin of not revealing your names, you will be judged by those higher than me. And Kanya and Lena will get another 30 years for hiding the blasphemous heresy, and both of them will get 50 years off their lives!”
Kanya’s family was devastated.
In 50 years, as soon as the law is executed, Kanya dies.
In fact, it was the top of the 72nd class of fairies who were actually executing life spans, so they wouldn’t die right away, but it was an obvious fact that once the report was raised, it would be dealt with within a few hours.
Feope, who had been evaluating her own judgment, turned around as if she had completed a difficult task today.
“With this the verdict is over. Then I’m done.”
Feope, who was flying toward the door, stopped flying.
Ryan and Tess were blocking the door. Sirone and Amy surrounded her on either side of her.
“Hmm, are you trying to subdue it by force? Me, a fairy?”
“There is nothing I can do. Think of it as catching a sparrow.”
“okay? Then where do you go?”
Feope widened her eyes.
Then, Lian’s expression as he grabbed the handle of the greatsword crumpled. He was twisting his arm under a strange force. Tess, unaware of her situation, grabbed her by the shoulder of Lian’s, and she felt the same pain.
“Ho Ho! If you don’t move quickly, it will break.”
The ability of a fairy, which is a single concept, has many similarities with eating out. It is to expand the concept and use it like magic.
Feofe was born in the spiral, and as such, she has mastery over all things torsion. It was difficult for him to hold on even with Lian, who had the strength of a schema user.
However, as the body began to carry out 100% of the instructions of the brain, the body moved little by little. As he swung the greatsword, the power of the spiral was broken and Peope stumbled.
Tess looked for an opening and stabbed the saber.
Feope, who evaded by flying into the sky, looked at her in disbelief.
schema. It was a giant’s skill.
Fairies and giants are the two main pillars of maintaining this world. That’s why I was thinking that each of them was superior to each other even though they were equal according to the law. That’s why it was a shame to lose to the giant’s technology in any situation.
“These are real!”
Feope moved fast enough to draw a picture with an afterimage.
As Lian and Tess’ movements overlapped, there was a gap in movement.
Aiming at that moment, Peope hit the door with the power of the spiral. The center of the iron door was crumpled in a clockwise direction, and the light chip was broken and the door leaf fell off.
“Ho-ho-ho! stupid guys! So goodbye!”
Peope, rushing outside, felt something strange. For some reason, his speed was slowing down.
As Sirone approached from the front, he flew up to the ceiling, but even that was slow.
By the time I realized that time was passing slowly, I was already caught in Sirone’s grip.
Sirone released the slow and held Feope in front of her eyes. Her expression, caught, was dazed.
“How about time?”
Controlling time is the magic of light. However, there was no light in the room that could be amplified by magic.
Source knowledge passed through Peope’s head. The Nephilim are descendants of angels. And the angel… … He was the ruler of light.
‘this… … !’
Feope was crying. He struggles to get out, but Sirone’s strength is stronger.
No, the fairy’s physical strength was weak.
The strength of the fairy, which is specialized in mental strength, was the lowest among the laws.
“Let go! I mean, let go of this!”
Peope’s struggles were not ticklish.
Then she clenched her teeth and cast a spell. The moment the power of the spiral was imbued, Sirone grabbed her hand.
Feope’s eyes widened and the air in her stomach burst out of her mouth.
“Haaaaagh! stop! I’m going to explode!”
“Return the lifespan of the family to normal.”
Peope’s face, which had been weeping, turned cold.
“joy! trying to intimidate? But it’s no use. I am the one who reports to the superiors, but I am not the one who enforces it. Since you attacked the enforcer of the law, even if you are a Nephilim, you will not be safe. You better release it quickly.”
“Threat? It could kill you.”
If she can’t change Peope’s heart, Kanya will die. He couldn’t claim that he wasn’t responsible for it.
As I applied strength to my grip, Peope’s complexion turned pale. Even so, the enforcer’s pride was not abandoned.
“Lord, kill me. Not scary at all.”
The more he pressed Feope, the stronger his pulse felt.
It was a fragile creature. It looks like it could be broken for fun.
she was afraid
“Aren’t you afraid? But why are you shaking?”
Feope, who was ridiculed, raised her eyes fiercely.
“The annihilation of existence is a law that everyone is afraid of! Even knowing that fact, you choose death! Don’t compare yourself to lesser humans like you!”
“Then die.”
“Kill! I mean kill! You can die anytime!”
Sirone lifted Feope. When he hit the floor, he died instantly.
Feope’s trembling grew stronger. Just the thought of the little corpse with its guts ruptured made him feel bad.
Feope let out a sad cry.
It will live for a year and leave. Even the dream of becoming the number one member of the 72nd class of fairies ended today.
As Feope’s tears flowed down the back of her hand, Sirone frowned.
How should we accept this world where even essential values are dominated?
“Choosing death despite being afraid? why? Why can’t you just think like that?”
“joy! People like you can’t understand! But I won’t say anything! As an enforcer of the law, I will not yield to humans!”
“okay. If you gave up on life, you would be as good as dead, so I will take your life with ease.”
Feope’s face was covered with tears.
I wish you could save me. But what should I say when I tell you that I will kill you with the power of life and death in my hands?
Do you mean to get down on your knees and pray? It was unacceptable for the enforcer of the law to obey his subjects.
“okay! kill! I mean kill them quickly!”
“But if you ask for help, I will.”
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 195 - 6. Anecdote (4) 7.txt
===============================
[195] 6. Anecdote (4)
Upon hearing Sirone’s words, Peope’s face froze.
She couldn’t understand what was going on inside her mind. Her strong feelings that had dominated her began to disappear like bubbles in her as she gave her hope that she could live.
“Are you mocking me? What do you gain by humiliating me?”
“mockery? don’t be funny It’s only natural to spare someone who asks for help. Because I also want to live. Because my life is precious, I know how precious the lives of others are.”
Sirone was not determined to free Feope. It was still unclear what decision to make at the final moment.
I just thought of Kanya and Lena. Like this, he couldn’t let the two of them die.
“I’ll count to three. one.”
Power went into the hand holding Feope.
“two.”
“Sah, save me.”
Peope said in a low voice.
Sirone didn’t relax her stance as if she hadn’t heard. And the moment he was about to shout three, Peo Pe, who closed his eyes tightly, shouted.
“help me! ask for help! I don’t want to die!”
Sirone let go of Peope.
Freed, she flew up with trembling wings. Her face was as red as the sunset, and she fired at him vigorously.
“Do you think you will be safe even after doing this?”
“What have I done?”
“You tried to kill me!”
“It did. And that’s what you did to Kanya and Lena.”
Peope could not refute.
An executor of the law from birth, she never thought deeply about the lifespan of her subjects.
However, it was a complicated problem when I put my life in someone else’s hands.
Death is scary and life is sweet. The same was true of fairies living for 10,000 years.
“I think Kanya’s mother’s work is also wrong. Give her mother’s life back too.”
Feope was annoyed when I pressed her in before she could organize her thoughts.
“I told you earlier! The only ones who can touch the Life Department are the upper echelons of the 72nd class of fairies. We cannot reverse a case that has already been decided.”
“Then first, repeat the judgment of Kanya and Lena. can you do that?”
Peope, who rested her chin on her head and thought, said.
“what… … Then I’ll cut your life expectancy by one year.”
Sirone burst into laughter.
It would be nice to see Kanya and Lena’s guilt lightened, but the difference in judgment was too great. I thought there was no standard from the beginning.
“You’re not some kind of junk dealer, so you can judge as you please?”
“Even if this is reduced, it’s a mess! Then, shall we raise it to 20 years?”
“It’s not like that. isn’t it strange There must be a standard to apply sin.”
“That is why I am the standard. I am the enforcer of the law! Now that I see you, are you really ignorant?”
Sirone stopped talking. He had to admit that fairies were a different species that diverged from humans at some point.
Fairy thinking is more comprehensive than human thinking. While humans can break love into countless concepts, to the fairy, love was just love.
Feope was an executor of the law, so she did not doubt her thoughts. Knowing how terrifying his death was, he was cut a year.
It was understandable that I couldn’t make detailed judgments like 2 years and 3 months or 7 years and 6 months.
Thousands of years will pass and the accident will deepen, but now she was only one year old.
“Now is it? then i’ll go Fairies have a lot of work.”
“Where are you going? Shouldn’t Kanya’s mother also be responsible for this?”
Turning back to Sirone, Perope lifted her ax eye.
“How do I solve that? I wasn’t even born at the time. Besides, my position is the youngest of the 72nd class of fairies, so I do not have the authority to change the life expectancy book.”
“Then tell me how. Since you’re a fairy, don’t you know something? I can never let you go until you tell me.”
Feope had a crooked temper like a spiral spirit, but it wasn’t difficult to handle because she was young. He told her that if he could dig up her information, she might have a way to save Kanya’s mother.
“Hey, do you know that I won’t be able to leave if you block me? And no one can get involved in the affairs of the fairy world. This is determined by the law.”
“I don’t know what that law is, but you know that it’s unreasonable, right? life is precious Are you saying you can cut someone’s lifespan by 20 years at will?”
Feope was in tears.
The truth is, you don’t even know yourself. It seemed to me that I would have to live at least 600 years to judge whether the law was right or wrong on an individual basis.
“Why do you keep doing this to me? I’m just doing what I’m told!”
“When are you said to be the enforcer of the law? When are you confident enough to run away now?”
“Oh, really! What to do? What do you want to know?”
“First of all, tell me what Ilhwa’s sake is.”
“Anecdotal liquor? that’s a holy spell By refining the laws of the subjects, they are reborn into a new life.”
Peope replied without hesitation, as if he had known something after a long time.
However, Sirone couldn’t sense anything from her words other than wrapped justice.
“How do you understand when you say that? I mean, be specific. What does it exist for, how is it performed, what are the descriptions of the technique, things like this.”
“Ugh, really annoying… … .”
Feope covered her head with both hands.
The sake of anecdotes is just the sake of anecdotes. I had never reviewed the information I knew as source knowledge.
There was only one way left.
Recalling the memory transfer, her eyes lit up.
“If you really want to know, there is a way to explain it clearly. It’s using mental resonance. Fairies can transmit memories to others. I’ll show you my memory of an anecdote of drinking that I experienced. Will that work?”
Mental resonance is dangerous. It didn’t look like Peope would do anything bad, but he wasn’t an ally anyway.
Arin said through the mental channel.
-are you okay. With Peope, I can control it.
-Are you sure? No matter how strong your defense is, there is such a thing as eating out, right?
-Because Peope is emotionally immature, she will be able to read the unique pattern of eating out with menarche. Then, just knock it out with Mental Shock before it activates.
Kanis and the others seemed to have experienced eating out as well.
Thinking that menarche is truly amazing, Sirone conveyed her consent to Feope.
“good. Show me your memory of the anecdote.”
“okay. Then we begin.”
Feope cast a memory transfer spell.
As the minds of Sirone and the others were sucked into their memories, the image of the plaza from a year ago appeared. It was where the statue of the giant stood, and the subjects were not even breathing.
When Sirone called for his friends who had arrived at another point, they came like spirits penetrating the subjects.
It was someone else’s memory, but it was as clear as reality.
Sirone, who exists as a memory body, could examine anything she wanted. It was strange that he didn’t notice even if he pushed his face right in front of Shinmin’s nose.
Sirone and the others headed towards the statue.
As the crowd barrier disappeared, an amazing landscape unfolded.
Several hoses were connected to the giant’s statue, which connected to eight glass spheres placed around it. The glass sphere was large enough for a person to enter.
The subjects were silent, but some were weeping. The scenery mixed with reverence and despair created anxiety.
Kergoin ran around the statue, preparing the spell. Eight subjects walked out of the group. They were similar in age, in their 50s and 60s, but one was a young woman.
Sirone saw the tears in their smiles.
Shaking pupils, trembling corners of the mouth, cold sweat on the forehead.
They were clearly thinking about death.
Subjects entered the glass sphere without a single thread on.
As black water filled the glass sphere, the family came running weeping. On the other hand, the other subjects fell flat on the ground and started chanting Ankera.
Kergoin pulled out the family members who shouted “Mom, Dad, Grandpa” and knocked on the glass.
Subjects submerged in the rising water smiled.
Is it drowning?
It was brutal.
With that thought in mind, Sirone peered into the glass sphere and backed away in fright.
It wasn’t drowning. Their bodies were loosening in the liquid.
It was the most bizarre sight I had ever seen.
I was curious about the composition of the liquid, and I thought I knew why it was black. If they had been able to see this process, the family might have gone mad.
The liquid in the glass sphere was sucked up through the hose. There was an unpleasant sound, like excrement pouring out of the intestines.
The voices of the subjects shouting Ra grew even louder.
As the water surface of the glass sphere lowered, the transparent interior was revealed again without any debris.
there was nothing.
The people who had been smiling a moment ago had escaped through the hose.
Sirone turned her gaze to where the hose was connected. His body was already trembling. Still, he had to see it with his own eyes.
statue of a giant.
There, eight people were pouring down from the base of the statue.
So what the heck is it? What is it that fills the statue right now?
immortal a.
The sound of praising Ankera pierced the sky.
Suddenly, the giant’s statue vibrated strongly.
At that point, the subjects were silent.
Not a single drop of water remained in the glass sphere. All of them were stuffed into the statue of a giant.
like a mold.
Sirone shook her head. It can’t be. But once the thought came to his mind, he couldn’t stop it.
A mold that melts and pours humans into it. Then what is being created inside me… … .
The statue of the giant opened showing the severed surface.
Huge paws pushed out and shook the ground.
Sirone shuddered at the sight of the giant covered in jelly. His expression was wrong to call him human.
Arin muttered through the mental channel. The reason why he couldn’t communicate with the giant was because several minds were mixed in one body.
Then, what state is the mind contained in the body?
Is it the spirit of the eight, or something completely different from it?
The subjects begged for mercy.
Those who are born of the law and keep the law. giant.
That’s why the giant has the right to punish those who break the law.
Even if someone is trampled by a giant’s feet at this moment, it won’t be the giant’s fault.
People who made eye contact with the giant foamed and collapsed. It was pressing, an eye technique.
iced coffee.
Sirone shuddered.
source of schema. The schema in the beginning was a phenomenon in which human body schemas mixed with anecdotes were overlapped.
I followed the giant and overheard the subject’s conversation.
The giant leaves heaven and goes into purgatory. There, he punishes the heresy that threatens the kingdom of heaven, and is called by Ra again to return to the Fifth Thousand Matei.
The family cried and cried.
mom! dad! grandfather!
As if in response to the voice, the giant flinched. But he didn’t look back, and he moved toward the outside of the castle gate again as if nothing had happened.
@
As the landscape in Peope’s memory burned like a piece of paper on fire, the landscape of the house was revived.
Sirone and the others looked around.
Peope was nowhere to be seen. He seemed to have run away while his memories replayed.
However, after learning what Ilhwa’s alcohol was, they couldn’t afford to care.
Anecdotal alcohol subjects disintegrate in liquid. Then, after entering the mold and undergoing a special transformation process, it is reborn as a giant. People’s minds are mixed, and in the process schemas arise.
That was the meaning of the stimulant Kanya bought.
It was the wind that allowed him to come to his senses even a little in the unknown darkness.
Gadlock was right. It was no different from administering an anesthetic to a dying patient.
“Unbelievable… … .”
Tess’ face was bloodless pale.
The giant’s ability schema. and their ability schema.
When I thought about it, I ran to the corner and vomited. The food I just ate spilled out.
No one scolded Tess.
Everyone was nauseous.
As Lian approached, Tess raised her hand to stop her.
Of course, Peope’s memory was not worse than the scenery of the battlefield. But the mental vomit came flooding in.
Schema is the technology of giants. But why can he open the schema? Is there a separate lineage of giants like the Nephilim? But the giant had no genitals.
“You know why I didn’t tell you?”
Kanya muttered sadly.
Some call it a blessing, others call it a curse.
No one wanted to talk about this event, where opinions were divided even among subjects and cults.
“According to the law, humans are born of giants. So, back to being a giant again. That’s the anecdote.”
Even if Kanya’s words were true, he couldn’t accept them. The alcohol in the anecdote that Sirone witnessed was a monster that could not be hidden by any makeup.
I finally realized.
The anecdotal liquor practiced in heaven was a technique of cutting out giants using human flesh and organs as raw materials.
(end of volume 8)
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 196 - 1. Divine Mercy (1).txt
===============================
Please enable JavaScript
[196] 1. Divine Mercy (1)
anecdotal drink.
A spell that melts humans into giants.
The idea of merging multiple entities into one had no room for the dignity of living things.
Creatures spread offspring. But Heaven’s witchcraft was reversing the structure of such creatures.
It controls the lifespan of the subjects with the lifespan, and when the number of objects increases, it integrates them into giants to maintain the population.
If that is Ra’s will, Ilhwa’s sake could be said to be the core system that maintains Heaven.
Sirone and the others gathered at the table and started a meeting. The tension was heightened by the encounter with the cruel thoughts of Heaven.
First of all, it was Peope’s treatment.
Kanya’s house would not be safe if she left during the memory transfer and reported to the superiors.
“You have to leave right now. Peope will bring more troops.”
Kanis was on the side of having to move.
Peope’s skills weren’t great, but it was also true that she was only one year old.
It was better to avoid combat unless you knew what abilities the other fairies might have.
“You don’t have to worry too much. Sirone is a Nephilim. According to the law, the Nephilim are not affected by the law. The fairy will not harm Sirone.”
Kanya, a subject, believed in the law like stone. But she had no one to answer her words.
What I learned after coming here is that the Nephilim are not omnipotent. It is obviously free from the laws of heaven, but because of that, the opposition when involved in the laws was severe.
“Sirone, you decide. We will do as you please.”
Amy gave the choice to Sirone. From Heaven’s point of view, heresy was like a foreign substance. At least, if he wanted to do something with her, he had no choice but to put Sirone as her face madam.
“I’d rather stay here tonight. I don’t think Peope will snitch on us. There’s no reason for that. Besides, since there is a metagate, you can run away in the worst case scenario.”
Sirone trusted Feope. Although his personality was eccentric, he reduced the lifespan of Kanya and Lena to one year.
It was unlikely that she, who had a high level of intellect capable of self-criticism, would develop her work out of emotions.
More than that, Kanya was worried. Now, tomorrow, Kanya’s mother will receive the anecdote’s drink.
To a human being who indulged only in the existence of his own country for the rest of his life, it was fear to become one with other human beings.
“I can see why you were reluctant to tell the anecdote. But Kanya, do you really think so? The alcohol of the anecdote I confirmed was… … .”
“I know, that is absurd. I know.”
Kanya readily admitted.
It was a radical statement for her, who had described Ilhwa’s alcohol as a sacred technique just a moment ago.
But Sirone didn’t think it was strange. This is because beliefs and emotions are separate realms.
“I am not stupid. I’d be lying if I said I never doubted it. But what difference would that make? If you don’t believe in God you die. If you believe in God, you will get eternal life. I don’t have a choice.”
Kanya spoke the word death for the first time. He knew that death existed in Heaven.
“If you are going to stay here, I will provide you with a place to rest. come here.”
When the button on the switchboard was pressed, the side of the building opened and a new structure flew in and connected it to Kanya’s house.
When Sirone and the others looked at each other in surprise, they said that most families had several khans.
“Whoops, Meccans love to invite guests.”
Kanya’s smile broke Sirone’s heart.
@
That night. Kanya and Lena lay in the same bed.
My heart beat so fast, as if I was running, that I couldn’t sleep.
The sisters did not cry. It was like waiting for someone to cry first.
At that moment when he was tossing and turning, Lena turned to lie down.
“Sister, will your mother not be there by tomorrow?”
Kanya looked pitifully at her sister, who had lost their mother at a young age.
As I was gently stroking her hair, Lena said something unexpected.
“If it’s Sirone’s older brother… … You can give it to your sister.”
Kanya’s eyebrows narrowed slightly. In the absurd expression, the heart that had been stabbed was also hidden a little.
“What are you talking about? Sirone is a Nephilim. How could I share my life with someone like that?”
“But my sister will never go out with a heretic. And I will never be able to meet someone like Shirone oppa again. So now is your chance Be sure to catch it.”
Kanya struggled to hold back the tears. Her sister’s feelings were conveyed in detail.
Tomorrow mom is not at home. Lena was eager to fill her void with her new family.
“Huh, but you like sirone too. If Sirone becomes your brother-in-law, he won’t be able to stand your personality. You will be jealous of me every day.”
“no! I’m serious! If you are a sister, you can yield!”
Kanya laughed. Kanya knew and Lena knew she wasn’t going to make it with Sirone anyway.
It was just a story of girls coming and going late at night.
As Lena burrowed like a cat in the rain, Kanya hugged her sister and kissed her on the forehead.
“Don’t worry, Lena. I only have you.”
Lena’s eyes narrowed.
The last night was passing like that.
@
Sirone and the others rested in the room Kanya provided.
A lot happened during the day.
Sirone and his friends were lost in their own thoughts, and there was no conversation for a while.
said Tess, pretending to cry.
“Should I go back now? So many things happened in one day. Honestly, it’s so hard here, really.”
Other people felt the same way. How many battles were fought in 12 hours?
In addition, each of the opponents had a strength that could not be seen in the original world.
Fatigue was a problem, but the secrets of heaven, which were endless no matter how much they were dug up, were also problems. His head was dizzy from so much information at once.
said Canis.
“I can’t. how did you get here Arin and I must go to the 7th Heaven Arabot.”
If it was just Shamine or sightseeing, I wouldn’t have even tried it from the beginning.
There is no way to retrieve the metagate once you have arrived in heaven. Therefore, what they paid for the ticket was an ancient weapon.
Amy hugged the pillow and lay down.
“But isn’t Arabot the place where the gods live? It’s probably the hardest place to get into even in heaven. How the hell are you going there?”
“I’ll take care of it, so you don’t have to worry about it. If you’re afraid to go, you’d rather wait here.”
“What? Are you blatantly ignoring it? Can we just go back first?”
“That’s even worse. If you activate the metagate here, the memories will be reset. Memories are disposable. Even if we stay, there will be no way to go back.”
Amy sat up, hitting the floor with her pillow.
“what? Was it really like that? After all, if we want to go back, you mean we have to take you, right?”
“okay. Didn’t you know that until now, pumpkin?”
“What, pumpkin? Have you ever seen such a pretty pumpkin?”
“I saw it. I think that’s what’s attached to your neck right now.”
Amy grinded her teeth. She couldn’t tell if it was a compliment or an insult, but she knew it was Kanis who had her mouth shut.
Sirone hugged the pillow and sat down.
“I have no intention of going back yet. But Kanis, the timing to use the metagate should be reasonable. If anything other than survival remains in your head, you will hesitate at the crucial moment.”
“Heh, I know that much. You can leave it to Arin. If it really gets dangerous, it’s heaven and I’ll go back unconditionally.”
“by the way… … .”
Tess propped her head up and rolled over on her side. The curves of her body from head to toe were overwhelming.
‘Adult… … I’m an adult.’
‘Tess, you’re an adult.’
The children’s eyes were focused on one place, but Tess didn’t care as if she was used to it.
“How are lifespans controlled here? Are you saying that there really is such a thing as a god and that he can change a person’s lifespan at will?”
The children were lost in thought.
“I think it’s like magic. I felt the same way when I was fighting with Marsha-noona, but it seems that nothing is impossible with magic.”
Clearly, Clay Marsha’s ability was beyond imagination. But Amy, whom she fought alongside, viewed negatively.
“Hmm, eating out of the rules. Reducing lifespan may be possible depending on the cost and conditions, but what about eternal life? No magic can increase lifespan. Because it transcends human limitations.”
“is it? I guess there might be a way. Mmm.”
Arin said.
“Why is everyone thinking critically? Maybe Ra is really a god. Even if he didn’t create the world, wouldn’t he at least be close to God?”
“That’s a bit strange too. If he really is a god, why would he need a name to control his lifespan?”
As Amy said, a name is just a title given by humans. It was unreasonable to think that a being who depended on human language was elevated to the divine level.
Sirone said.
“Besides, don’t you think the sake of anecdotes is evil? For whatever reason, you treat human life like an object. Ra could simply be controlling the lifespan to manage heaven. It just doesn’t make sense for God to rule the world.”
The friends realized that Sirone viewed Heaven negatively. Good and evil are human concepts and are flexible according to the environment. Making value judgments was something that had to be prudent until the very end.
said Tess.
“But there is nothing we can do. It’s the life they choose and their culture. In particular, religion is an idea that has an absolute position in a culture.”
“No, it is not a religion. As we just said, Ra is not a god.”
“It doesn’t matter. It doesn’t matter if it’s a dictator, not a god. After all, Ra has the ability to control life. What could be more important than that in religion?”
Sirone seemed to have more to say, but eventually swallowed.
As Amy watched, she realized that Sirone was still looking for a way to save Kanya’s mother.
I liked that kind of sirone, but now was the time to be calm.
“What are you going to do, Sirone? Tomorrow, the drinking of the anecdote will proceed. As Tess said, it was the subject’s choice. It’s not something that can simply be called unreasonable by our standards.”
“But Miro said he denied the law.”
“Sirone, that’s… … .”
“know. I’m not trying to bury her thoughts. The feeling I received is also becoming similar. I think I can understand her to some extent now.”
Sirone recalled the story about the maze she had heard at Nord’s Shelter. Even though her labyrinth denied her law, her old man said her mother did not hate her.
If subjects are nothing more than subservient beings to Ra, how should we take that word? What did Miro see and feel in heaven?
What is certain is that when tomorrow comes, Sirone will have no choice but to make a choice.
Maybe the maze… … may not have been wrong.
@
1st Thousand Sharma.
The 73rd branch of the Fairy Department for managing subjects.
The Fairy Department where Feope works was located on the outskirts of Purgatory among Sharmaines. Hundreds of houses were built on a huge tree called the World Tree, and small fairies flew between them like larks.
Feope entered the depths of the World Tree.
The head fairy’s dwelling was much smaller than a human’s house, but it was as charming and splendid as it was.
When I opened the door and entered, Lee Ki-rin, the head of the Fairy Department, was sitting on a chair with her wings folded. She wore heavy eye makeup, and her cheeks were emblazoned with a pattern of golden vines.
Although she was a fairy born from authority, she was an adult who could not be matched by Peope, even considering her age. In particular, his beautiful appearance drew admiration from other fairies.
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 197 - 1. Divine Mercy (2) 1.txt
===============================
[197] 1. Divine Mercy (2)
“Boss, I’m back.”
“okay. You are the spiral fairy Peopero.”
“yes. You remember.”
“That’s natural. No fairies have been born since you were born a year ago.”
Feope became sullen. The youngest of the 72nd class of fairies. That was the only reason Girin remembered her.
Since fairies are female, they cannot reproduce. In order to maintain the species, there was no choice but to wait for a new entity to be born, and Peope was the first fairy born in about 10 years.
“What happened to the fugitive? Did you say Kanya and Lena?”
“yes. I heard the confession, and I responded obediently after investigating it.”
“So what about the verdict?”
“Both of them were sentenced to a one-year cut.”
“1 year?”
When Gi-rin made an expression of disapproval, Peope swallowed. He has no doubts about his judgment. However, as a beginner, he could not guarantee whether he had made the right decision.
“Although you are still young, you are also an enforcer of the law. will have to respect But I want to ask you this. Was there no external pressure?”
“yes. I mean.”
Although he received a threat to his life from Sirone, it did not lead to external pressure. He was sentenced to one year because he realized that excessive sentences were unreasonable.
Gi-rin looked at Feope with suspicion.
So far, there has never been a sentence of one year reduction in life expectancy for escaping from purgatory. His judgment was fresh for a fairy who was only a year old.
“Has there been anything else special? I heard that a heretic followed in the footsteps of the subjects.”
Feope was conflicted. Strictly speaking, those who accompanied Kanya were Nephilim, not heretics.
However, if you tell it from beginning to end, there is room for interpretation that is different from the facts. And that wasn’t what Peope wanted.
“I have never seen heresy.”
Girin waited for the next words. It was a situation that required further explanation.
However, there was no comment from Peope.
Girin sighed and shook his hand.
“Yeah, good job. Get out and see.”
“yes. Rest in peace, boss.”
Feope lowered her head and stepped back.
As the door to the house closed, Lee Ki-rin looked up into the air. Then, she asked Mer, the fairy of truth, who was her aide.
“How did it go?”
“Peope spoke only the truth. But, I don’t think I’ve told you all the facts.”
“Perhaps it was. What the hell happened? It’s still a period where we have to learn a lot, but I’m worried that my subjectivity has become stronger since I was young.”
Ki-rin rested her chin on her chin and was lost in thought.
“Learn about the people who entered heaven along with the subjects. If you go to the Mecca headquarters, there will be detailed records.”
“I will leave now.”
After answering that, Mer escaped through the hole in the ceiling.
Lee Ki-rin crossed her legs and rubbed her forehead.
Area 73 was an accident-free area famous for being quiet. A human who was neither a heretic nor a subject entered such a place.
Her intuition, having lived for 3,000 years, reminded her of one heretic.
“Adrias Miro… … .”
@
“Whoa, I thought I was going to die from trembling.”
Peope headed home with a tired body.
I’ve lived for a year, so I’m sure I’ll get used to it, but I couldn’t help it that my body stiffened every time I met Lee Ki-rin.
Especially when I had to make a decision on my own, like today, the pressure was even more severe.
“Haa, even the enforcers of the law have a hard time.”
“Knock-knock! What’s hard about dealing with Shinmin? It’s all because you can’t come.”
The sound from behind made Peope frown. When I turned my head, the three fairies were undoubtedly approaching with a sneer.
It is said that they were the youngest children before Feope was born. The fairies born from conception do not have blood relatives, but they were called the three sisters because they were born at the same time.
“Hello, senior.”
Feope forced a smile. Then the impression of the three fairy sisters became more ferocious.
Their faces weren’t like that from the beginning.
Fairies who are born out of emotion can easily show their change of heart.
Any fairy would inevitably change like that after 10 years of living as the youngest.
“I heard about it. A one-year sentence? Have you been swayed by humans? I know everything even if I don’t see it.”
“no. I really thought so.”
“Oh, so? So, what a stupid decision. Now you are officially a Hogu. You better not think that your subjects will respect you in the future!”
The three fairy sisters covered their mouths and laughed.
Feope was angry, but could not express it. If he is taken by his immediate senior, he will suffer for his whole life. That lifetime was at least 10,000 years.
I have no choice but to endure and endure. When the next youngest was born, they would also leave themselves alone.
“Anyway, do it right. Back in the day, kids like you weren’t even allowed to be enforcers. Jung is not born well these days, so I look after him at least. I mean, squeeze more of the subjects.”
“I am doing that.”
“What do you do? What do you say back that you, who was born only a year ago, know something?”
Feope kept her mouth shut.
They had just passed 10 years, so it was speculative to give them advice, but there was no way for a one-year-old to speak out in the fairy world, a thoroughly class society.
“okay? It’s supposed to make us afraid. So that the subjects follow. Be careful not to let this happen in the future.”
When the three fairy sisters threatened and left, Feope felt 10 years old.
Maybe that’s why it seemed like I could have a fight with them now.
Of course, it was only possible in my imagination.
“Whoa, I’m tired. I want to go home quickly.”
Feope’s flight staggered.
@
the next morning.
The central square of District 73, Shamine, where Ilhwa’s sake is waiting, has been busy since morning.
The Mecca checked the device, and the Norse checked the magic applied to the technique.
As Kergoin led the subjects and started rehearsing, Sirone held on to her swelling heart.
Rehearsal for an event where a person dies. How insignificant does the god of heaven regard human life?
When preparations were complete, subjects said goodbye to their families, including Kanya and Lena.
“mom! mom!”
Lena’s tears didn’t stop. Even her valiant Kanya, she was now just her poor daughter leaving her mother behind.
As the time for the magic to begin approached, Kanya took Epines and Corfin from her bosom.
“Drink this. It will help.”
Sirone knew what Kanya was passing.
After learning what Ilhwa’s alcohol was, thinking about it made my heart feel even more lethargic.
What are the benefits of stimulants and tranquilizers?
No, I don’t know. There was no way to know how their minds were transformed when their brains melted and they became giants.
Maybe it’s better than nothing.
For parents, there is nothing more courageous than the medicine their children have given them.
When the preparations to start the magic were over, the subjects spread out in a circle around the statue.
It was no different from the scenery seen in Peope’s memory, but the difference was that there were 10 subjects.
According to Kanya, the executor of the anecdote is the oldest person in the district. Being old means that he has been granted a continuous lifespan, so he could be said to be the most faithful among his subjects.
Again, the executioner was Kergoin.
He had the appearance of a sturdy young man, but he was said to be one hundred and eighty-seven years old.
Even among the Kergo tribe, it was heard that he belonged to the noble class and was going to gain eternal life sooner or later and go to Shehakim, the 3rd millennium.
“From now on, we will implement the sake of anecdote! Subjects to come out!”
Ten subjects approached the glass marbles.
I’d be lying if I said it wasn’t scary. Being melted into a strange drug and being merged into one was the most disgusting and fearful death for humans.
“mom! mom!”
The moment Kanya was about to run away, her father caught her.
Clearly, despite hearing her daughter’s voice, the mother did not look back.
Everyone was doing something similar.
The subject smiles for the family, and the family hides their sadness for the subject.
Sirone didn’t think it was beautiful.
I don’t know what value Ilhwa’s sake has to the subjects, but it was a mistake to admit such witchcraft.
Subjects undressed and entered the glass marbles. Then, sitting on the cold glass floor, I closed my eyes and prayed.
Sirone’s anger surged.
What are you praying for? What praise can you give to the god who drove you to your death?
“This is murder. It is unacceptable.”
Sirone finally let it out. This was the conclusion I came to after much thought since last night.
We need to stop drinking alcohol.
Anyone would understand that it was murder.
Sirone walked to the statue. He intended to stop the spell before the subjects died.
Tess grabbed Sirone’s wrist.
“Sirone, wait. I’m angry too. But this isn’t the world we live in. There is a saying that in that country you have to follow the laws of that country.”
“I don’t know who said that, but it’s just human thinking. Kanya’s mother did nothing wrong. Her being killed in this way should not happen under any circumstances.”
“So what can we do? Even if I dry the alcohol of the anecdote, Kanya’s mother’s life span is until today. Even if we try to save it, only we will be in danger.”
“No, it is not. Maybe Kanya’s mother won’t die today.”
“what? What are you talking about?”
The reason why the sake of anecdote is practiced amidst the suspicion of the subjects is that Ra controls the life span. The fact that I will die today anyway makes me follow the law.
But Sirone said the law was wrong. If there is indeed an error in the anecdote, the subjects are being deceived. it’s an obvious scam If so, there was plenty of room to change the situation.
“Inject the fuel of life! Let’s start drinking anecdotes.”
The executioner shouted, and Kergoin became busy. Once the water is full, there is no second chance. I don’t know when the body disintegrates, but drowning came first.
Sirone shouted as Kergoin approached the device.
“wait! The alcohol of Ilhwa is unacceptable!”
The eyes of the subjects were focused on Sirone.
It was easy to spot him standing alone in the clearing. But he couldn’t understand the meaning because he didn’t know the language.
Sirone looked back at Arin. He meant to translate. Reluctantly, Arin sighed and approached.
She knows better than anyone that Sirone has a prudent personality. Her decision meant that she would not back down under any circumstances.
Arin expanded the Spirit Zone. Spirit-type wizards are specialized in tentacle types, but when dealing with the public, there was no problem just expanding the zone like this.
Sirone repeated what she said earlier.
Language penetrated the minds of the subjects. It was a fairy-like ability, so no one was surprised. But I couldn’t get over the meaning of the words.
There was hostility in the eyes of the subjects. It was the logic of heresy to regard the worship of Ra as evil.
The executioner could not hide his anger and fired.
“What kind of qualifications do you have that you can’t tolerate magic? Are you not a citizen? Do you want to face death without a chance of resurrection?”
“I am a Nephilim.”
The hall instantly became quiet.
Even in the original world, Immortal Function is not a level that anyone can reach.
It was at least the first time in their lives that the Nephilim appeared in Area 73.
Even the executioner was embarrassed.
Up until now, he had faithfully carried out the duties of Ra and rose to this position. The age of 187 was like a medal for him.
However, even such a medal could not even hold out a business card in front of the Nephilim.
The Nephilim are descendants of angels.
Although they said that they could not be involved in the law, they were different from the subjects from birth.
“The Nephilim… … Why is Ilhwa’s alcohol objectionable? This is a divine law.”
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 198 - 1. Divine Mercy (3).txt
===============================
[198] 1. Divine Mercy (3)
“The law? Is there perhaps murder in your law?”
“Of course. A subject can never harm a subject. If you commit murder, you will be severely punished according to the verdict of the Ministry of Home Affairs.”
“Then what are you doing right now? Why do you proceed with the sake of anecdotes when there is murder in the law?”
“I don’t understand what you mean. Are they really Nephilim? Aren’t you saying something like heresy?”
“It doesn’t matter if it’s Nephilim or whatever. I don’t know my lifespan That’s why you can live each day to the best of your ability. But look at them. alive but not alive How is this different from the murder you are talking about?”
There was no voice of criticism or sympathy from the people. But the atmosphere was getting hotter.
It is a contradiction that any subject must have felt at least once.
The drinking of anecdotes certainly seems absurd. But the reason no one rejected it was that inertia lasting for hundreds of thousands of years was at work.
Until now, the number of people who became giants with the sake of anecdotes cannot be counted. The fact that everyone has done it and will continue to do so was blocking the judgment of the subjects.
“You who deny the law of Ra, we are born of giants. The sake of anecdote is a divine arrangement that brings us back to life. Do you want your existence to perish forever? If there is such a person among the subjects, come out. I will ask you to do it myself.”
No one came forward. According to a fact handed down from long ago by the subjects, the giants made from the anecdote’s sake traveled through purgatory and returned to disintegrate into individual entities.
It is better to live forever than to die. If I have to die inevitably, I want to leave room for me to come back.
that is life
It was controlling life in such a way.
The enforcer, satisfied with his subjects’ silence, pointed at Sirone and shouted.
“You are a heretic! No, even if you say Nephilim, you don’t have the right to get involved in the law! Arrest all authors! Make him pay for blaspheming the sacredness of Ra!”
“Sirone, things are complicated! You have to dodge it now.”
Amy grabbed Sirone’s hand. But Sirone shook her hand and kept her place.
“No, I won’t go. We have to save her Kanya, her mother, and her her.”
About 10 Kergoins drew swords and ran from the front. They were as fast as cheetahs using the giant’s skills.
Sirone dug into their center. Kergoin in the lead raised her sword. The rearguard also surrounded Sirone and brandished his sword.
At that point, Sirone’s berserk explosion exploded.
A curtain of light hit the Kergoins. The mass contained in the photon was so small that at first it only tingled, but when it struck at a speed of 20 times per second, the body felt like it would tear itself apart.
All the Kergoins that were besieging Sirone were thrown back.
Sliding on the ground dragging their buttocks, they all looked at Sirone with amazement in their eyes.
“Yes, the Nephilim? Are you really saying they were Nephilim?”
Light magic was very effective in psychological terms. It was a phenomenon that only angels could realize, and it was magic that imprinted the fact that Sirone was a Nephilim.
Driven by momentum, Sirone concentrated her photon cannon.
The moment the executioner felt a sense of danger and blocked the bronze statue, a flash of light came out from Sirone.
The executioner twisted his body with an animal reaction speed. I felt the crushing pain in my intestines as the flash passed through my side.
But the pain was an afterthought.
When the photon cannon struck the statue of a giant, a magnificent echo spread as if it had struck a bell.
The subjects covered their ears and backed away from the sound waves vibrating in the hall.
I was shouting something loudly, but the tinnitus that remained in my ears was louder than the sound of words.
Even so, the statue of the giant was intact.
The power of the Photon Cannon was enough to crush even an iron door, but there was not even a wrinkle on the statue.
Joy filled the eyes of the subjects.
“Oh oh! Ankera! Save us!”
“Do not forsake us! Eternal life, eternal life!”
As the situation escalated, Amy stepped forward. Somehow she brought Sirone and she had to get out of this place.
At that moment, Lian grabbed my shoulder and turned me around.
“wait. Sirone is not over yet.”
“That’s not the problem. If we don’t run away quickly, we’ll have to fight them.”
“Then can we fight?”
Amy then turned her head. It has nothing to do with the friendship she has shared so far. The present Lian was only a knight of Sirone.
“Why are you doing that, Lian? Is there anything you want to say?”
“there is. you guys are weird now What are you going to do with Sirone?”
“Of course you have to run away. When we become enemies in heaven, there is no one to help us.”
“And who is Kanya’s mother?”
Amy’s heart sank. It was because she realized herself not being able to feel the reality of someone’s death.
“Sirone is trying to save Kanya’s mother. As he did for Marsha’s sister, who was his enemy, as he did for the magic school students. But why aren’t you trying to help? hopefully you Do you think we are not responsible for the deaths of people here because this is not our world?”
“ah… … .”
Ryan’s analysis was correct. Since it is a place where different rules and laws apply, I thought there was no reason to take on the death they chose.
“Amy, whether this is paradise or wherever, it is happening right in front of our eyes. Sirone said he could save Kanya’s mother. That is why I will fight alongside Sirone.”
Amy looked around the square. Surrounding Sirone were Meccans armed with Cigna and Xd, and Norse wielding ancient magic.
The human mind is not insignificant. Even if this place was heaven, the truth of life could not change.
A look of conflict disappeared from Amy’s face.
“I also believe in Sirone. Let’s go, Lian.”
As Amy threw herself, her friends immediately followed.
A light flashed in the place where the subjects surrounded Sirone, and about a dozen people scattered outside. When Sirone, who cast a berserker, appeared, Amy leaned back and asked.
“are you okay? Are you hurt anywhere?”
“uh. Cigna and Exd are weak against long distances, and most of the ancient magic seems to be wind-type. It’s weak too. You seem to be less capable than Clove.”
From Heaven’s point of view, purgatory was hell.
No matter how poor Clove’s skills were, since he was a mage who traversed the harsh purgatory, it could be said that his level was higher than that of those here.
Sirone and the others received the attack of the subjects from their respective positions.
The problem is that it is not easy to counterattack. In a situation where the subjects had to be persuaded, if a dead person appeared, there was room for exacerbation of the situation.
“Sheesh! It bothers me.”
Canis cast a shadow wall with her hands on the floor.
Sharp thorns protruded from the surface of the shadow rising like a castle wall.
The Mecha people blocked it with Xed, but they also had no way to attack.
-Sirone, I can’t hold out forever. I have to make a decision now.
Sirone’s thoughts became complicated. He said there was actually one way he could end the battle without fighting.
It was the lighting magic Shining.
If you instantly block the enemy’s view by shooting an intense light, the atmosphere of battle cools down rapidly.
‘But is it possible only with Shining?’
The biggest problem was that it was broad daylight. No matter how much the intensity of light was increased, it could not beat sunlight.
The reason it was difficult to make light stronger than the sun was because of the vibrating nature of light.
The number of photons contained in a single area must be maximized, but the oscillating light has limitations in compression.
‘How can I increase the light intensity?’
At that moment, Sirone’s eyes flashed.
You cannot stop the vibration of light. However, it may be possible to emit light stronger than the sun.
– Close your eyes! I’m going to cast Shining!
Sirone stopped moving and went into the Spirit Zone. Particles of light began to gather rapidly.
Her friends closed their eyes, but Canis, who was building a shield, looked back at Sirone.
‘What is that? Why is the light like that?’
The light converging on Sirone was much dimmer than the previous Shining. The weak light means that the luminescence has been reduced. After all, it meant that the vibrations were being suppressed in some way.
‘I unified the polarization direction.’
Some particles vibrate vertically and some vibrate horizontally. Sirone unified the direction of the vibration of light by applying gravity to photons.
The results were phenomenal. A naturally impossible number of photons was converging on one point. The color of the light was also closer to gray because it was more stable than ordinary photons. When Shining started to emit white light, it boasted a density dozens of times higher than normal.
– Cast it now!
Sirone closed her eyes tightly and let go of the control of the photons. Particles of light radiated in all directions like a humped colt.
The brightness of the white light that devours the world reached a whopping 300,000 lumens. It was more than twice as intense as looking straight into the midday sun.
Sirone realized that the magic had succeeded without looking.
The light was so intense that I could vaguely distinguish the shades even with my eyes closed.
‘done! It’s real!’
God Particles were the core principle of Sirone’s magic.
A photon cannon of mass, a laser of energy. And this time, it was a Shining Impact that compressed photons to create a flash explosion.
It was non-lethal magic that could incapacitate living things regardless of time and place because it transcended the intensity of natural light.
Even after the light disappeared, the subjects had their eyes closed. Fearing that he might be attacked, he was leaning back and covering his face with his arms.
Silence passed.
Sirone and the others opened their eyes first, and then the subjects also raised their eyelids and looked left and right.
“Yes, the Nephilim. You are the Nephilim.”
As someone muttered, the Mechas began to drop their weapons one by one.
Shining Impact had an effect beyond stopping the battle.
Even if you make a contract with the light spirit, it is impossible to create a light stronger than the sun.
If there is a possible being, it will undoubtedly be an angel handling the powers of light.
Tess wiped the sweat from under her chin.
“Whoa. Sirone, what kind of magic is this? You were surprised to find out you were going blind.”
It was said as a joke, but it was sincere. She had never been exposed to such intense light in her life.
Lian approached, sheathing his greatsword.
“Anyway, since we neutralized the enemies, that’s okay. Should I stop drinking Ilhwa now?”
“It won’t be easy. Unlike other subjects, Kergoin is not shaken.”
As Amy said, those involved in the magic law, including the enforcer, were glaring at Sirone with fierce eyes.
Of course, it was true that they were also intimidated by the power of Shining Impact.
However, if it was the power of the Nephilim, there was no reason to receive a psychological blow.
Those who only followed Ra were not afraid of the lower laws.
“Do you know how to do this without incident, Nephilim? You have disturbed the sacred law of Ra. If you move in the internal government, your lifespan will end as of today.”
“If you can, do whatever you can. You cannot control my lifespan, which even I do not know about.”
The executioner’s nose twisted.
I wanted to slit my throat right away, but to be honest, I had no intention of fighting.
It is 187 years obtained by devoting one’s whole life. Eternal life is now in front of him, but he could not end his life here.
There was a red aura on Sirone’s palm.
Now that the subjects were frightened, this was the last chance. Rather than inciting anger with a photon cannon, it was a strategy to clearly destroy it with a laser.
As the beam of red light reached the statue, the subjects backed away in fright.
But no one rushed further. If Sirone was a Nephilim, he would not be able to do anything in the line of the subjects.
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 199 - 1. Divine Mercy (4).txt
===============================
Please enable JavaScript
[199] 1. Divine Mercy (4)
As the area hit by the laser heated up, the statue began to shake as if it were about to burst.
“Unbelievable. How could this happen… … !”
The executioner gnashed his teeth. He couldn’t attack Sirone or prevent the statue from being destroyed.
At that moment, a thunderclap was heard in the sky.
Blue electric lights fell in bundles and heated up the surroundings of Sirone.
As the floor exploded, dust rose.
The executioner confirmed where the lightning had come from. A group of fairies were flying in from the entrance of the plaza.
Even from a distance, Sirone spotted the fairy at the center of the group at a glance.
Only she was glowing golden, and her face with makeup was also beautiful.
It was Lee Ki-rin, the head of the People’s Management Department.
Friends lined up around Sirone. The tension that he couldn’t feel while fighting the subjects made his blood run fast.
The curious thing is that the preemptive strike was electricity.
Since electricity is an attribute close to spirits, it was not something that fairies could control.
– Who struck the thunderbolt?
– I don’t know yet. But there must be a fairy in the group who deals with friction.
It is possible to cause a thunderbolt by rubbing electric charges in the air. As electricity flowed depending on the placement of the charges, it was natural that the accuracy would drop.
Rian drew his greatsword and walked away.
“Are the fairy troops all out? The thing has finally come.”
Sirone was already expecting it. Since the law of heaven was broken, it was normal for the courtiers to be dispatched.
The subjects retreated to the left and right, opening the way for Lee Gi-rin.
The fairies that flew proudly from Bomudo confronted Sirone and the others at a distance of 10 meters.
Sirone saw Peope standing at the end of the group of fairies.
Unlike other fairies, she was staring straight ahead with blind eyes. She didn’t know why she had to be here.
Girin pointed at Sirone and the others.
“It is you, those who entered the kingdom of heaven by impersonating the Nephilim. That alone is a felony, so are you trying to sabotage the sacred anecdote now?”
The executioner’s expression changed to a puzzled one. Are you saying that he was impersonating the Nephilim, not the Nephilim?
However, the ability the boy had just cast was clearly an angel’s. If not the Nephilim, how could they handle the light?
“Lee Ki-rin, are you saying that these are cults? The author clearly used the power of light.”
“Don’t be fooled. The land country has technology that handles light magic. Besides, other people are heretics that don’t even need to be verified. That’s how he tried to trick even the fairies.”
Canis’ eyes hardened.
Listening to them, they also investigated themselves in detail. In addition, the fact that Peo Pe, who lacked her fighting power, was with her was proof that she had told the truth.
“Damn, that’s why I said I had to leave. That fairy betrayed you. I didn’t believe it in the first place.”
Feope wrinkled her brow.
betrayal? He only received Gi-rin’s order and followed it without hesitation. I didn’t even know they were there until I arrived.
“joy! okay! I told you everything! You are now dead! That should have been enough!”
I had no intention of claiming innocence to humans anyway. Rather, Feope took on the crime she hadn’t committed and raised the stakes even more.
“I didn’t betray you.”
Sirone said.
“Peope made the right decision. There’s no reason for a fairy like that to come and undermine your beliefs.”
Peope was excited and turned her head. Now, even if I said that, it means he was offended.
But there were many thoughts in my head.
right verdict. belief.
These were values that had never been acknowledged by seniors until now.
Girin didn’t care. If you live more than 3,000 years, you can divide concepts more finely than humans.
If a human could list a hundred kinds of love, she could probably classify it into ten thousand.
At that point, all events become independent.
Stealing someone else’s house is not a thief.
Even if you break the lock on that house, you are not a thief.
Even if you break the lock and go inside, you may not be a thief. Even if you pick up anything there, you are not a thief.
The concept of a thief is perfectly established when he comes out with the item he picked up.
It was an impossible cognitive ability for humans who try to predict the whole from some events.
In that sense, the conversation between Sirone and Peope was only an independent event from the current situation.
“I am Lee Gi-rin, a fairy of authority, the head of the People’s Management Department. The sin of entering heaven by impersonating the Nephilim on the subject of heresy. All of your life spans are cut short for the crime of sabotaging the noble anecdote.”
A wrinkle formed on Sirone’s forehead.
“Is it always like that? Are you killing people just because you don’t like them? The same goes for the sake of anecdotes. Why are you driving your subjects to their deaths?”
“You were born of giants. Why is it so unfair to go back?”
“It’s bullshit. No parent asks their child for their flesh back.”
“To sow in the ground is to reap and eat. The reason organisms die is to feed other organisms. You too are only beings bound by this law.”
“To sow seeds is to bear new seeds. Creatures die to give other creatures a chance. Humans thrive like that. A life without meaning is the same as being dead.”
Girin let out a sad sigh. Why can’t this intuition be wrong? It was no coincidence that Miro’s face passed by Sirone.
“This is heresy. He’s a human who shouldn’t have sex. what are you doing! Start drinking anecdotes right away!”
As if Girin had waited for an order, the executioner moved.
When the switch was turned off, black water began to fill the 10 glass marbles.
“Damn it! I do not have time! We have to stop it now!”
Ryan and Tess ran to destroy the statue.
Girin raised her hand and commanded the fairies.
“Attack! Never let them get close to you!”
Sirone and the others entered into a battle posture.
Arin left only the channel connected to the party, and released his mental induction. Since Lee Gi-rin’s mental resonance pervaded the entire room, he didn’t need an interpreter.
The Spirit of Fire launched a preemptive strike. As she held out her hand, air spurted out like a hole in her atmosphere.
A small, solid lump of gas hit the bodies of Sirone and the others.
It wasn’t enough to penetrate the body, but it was invisible and there were so many of them that it was impossible to fight.
“stand back!”
Kanis built the Shadow Wall. Bullets of air hit the surface of the shadow wall with the sound of falling hailstones.
At that moment, a scorching noise arose from the sky.
The spirit of friction generated static electricity and struck a thunderbolt, and Harvest caught it.
Brilliant lightning bolts struck in succession, but it did not work on the magical creatures.
“Quack! Are you feeling good? Is it a new type of massage?”
Amy, with her back against the shadow wall’s barrier, floated a Jack O’Lantern over her palm.
The spheres of fire that flew into the sky increased to dozens and bombed the front indiscriminately.
Because it was Jack O’Lantern’s unique ability, the fake flame, the actual flame was only three lumps. However, as long as you didn’t know what was real, you couldn’t help but feel fear from the position of being victimized.
When Amy’s bombardment dispersed the fairies, Canis finally took the Shadow Wall.
Arin, who quickly captured the location of the fairies with an open view, suggested an operation through a mental channel.
-If fairies are spiritual beings, I have a way. You can catch it with mental shock.
Sirone thought it was plausible.
In a battle between magic and magic, they are compatible, but even fairies will not be able to help when it comes to direct attacks on the spirit.
-Is it possible? Are there many numbers?
-I’m going to cast a wide area mental shock. It takes a lot of mental power, but it’s possible at least once. Instead, lure the fairies. It’s a 20 meter radius around me.
It was difficult to drive all the fairies, but if even half of them were successful, they could win the battle.
“good! Let us also scatter!”
Each battle began.
The abilities of the fairies were also not formidable. Most of the concepts were specialized for combat, probably because they had already expected a fight.
However, if the enemies were strong, it was rather a good thing in terms of luring them.
“uh? uh?”
On the battlefield where all sorts of magic flowed, only Peope was flying around without being able to catch the direction.
It was his first real battle, and the power of the magic that came and went was different from his own.
A flash of light flashed and approached Peope.
Surprised, Feope raised both hands and prepared to use the power of the spiral.
Sirone also reflexively mounted a photon cannon.
Their eyes widened as they checked each other’s faces.
Feope bit her lip and couldn’t make up her mind. Then, Sirone also canceled the photon cannon and turned around.
Feope looked at her with a puzzled look, but he just ran towards the other fairy without saying anything.
Feope’s head fell sullenly.
-scale! No more! This is the limit!
Because fairies have the ability to fly, it was close to impossible to drive them into one place.
However, the magicians of Sirone’s party also had high-quality movements, so they were able to lure more than half of them into the realm.
-that’s enough!
Movement is a combination of time and space.
The moment in less than a second when the fairy entered the realm was the only timing for Arin to cast magic.
Arin squatted down and touched the ground with both hands. As her shadow expanded like a sinkhole, the five fairies sensed a crisis and threw their bodies.
But it was already too late.
With a pop and a mental wave, the soil splashed all at once.
The fairies lost their way and swayed, stopped their wings as if they had drank pesticide, and crashed.
With half of their power gone, the demoralized fairies started screaming and running away.
While Harvest drove them away with a claw, Lian and Tess also succeeded in breaking through Kergoin’s siege and turning the switch back to normal.
As the liquid, which had risen to about a third, was sucked back into the tank, the level of the glass bead lowered.
Subjects breathed a sigh of relief.
But even that would be torture. A sliver of hope is just another word for almost absolute despair.
“Sirone! now! Smash it with a laser!”
Sirone was already finishing preparations.
Ilhwa’s drinking stops when the statue is destroyed. With the fairies destroyed, no one would stand in his way.
The moment Sirone’s laser emitted a red light, Girin’s voice permeated the battlefield.
“As a servant of God, I command you, those without authority in the world, to kneel before me.”
When the command was over, an amazing thing happened.
As if the world was turning off, all humans knelt down. Sirone and the others were no exception.
Sirone, with her knees on the ground, was bewildered. He strained his legs to stand up, but his body felt heavy, as if he had become an elephant.
Words poured out of the mental channels.
-What happened? you can’t get up
– You said it was a fairy of authority. What does this have to do with authority?
-It’s not just magic. this is out of the norm
Even in Sirone’s opinion, the present results could not have come out if it had not been for eating out.
If so, how does it trigger?
It was not a commandment. Because it is impossible to bring hundreds of people to their knees just because they threw words.
Unlike Sirone and the others, the subjects did not even resist. He just looked up at Lee Gi-rin with awe in his eyes.
Lee Ki-rin walked leisurely between the subjects and approached the statue. And he flipped the switch himself.
As the liquid began to fill the glass beads again, the subjects’ eyes closed tightly.
The sobs of family members could be heard from somewhere.
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 200 - 1. Divine Mercy (5) 1.txt
===============================
Please enable JavaScript
[200] 1. Divine Mercy (5)
Sirone gritted his teeth. Other than that, there was nothing I could do.
It seems that he can cast magic, but if he casts teleportation in his current state, his body will be shattered.
‘damn! I have to move somehow.’
As time passes, Kanya’s mother dies.
No, everyone dies. The last thing left was a hideous giant whose name was unknown.
“Give up, foolish humans. No one can interfere with the Law of Ra.”
Girin all looked at the sight of the human kneeling with satisfaction.
this is authority Obedience is voluntary, not forced.
“Damn, what’s so heavy?”
Girin’s face stiffened at the sound he heard from behind the statue.
Then chin, chin and footsteps were heard. Everyone looked back at the place as if a ghost had come out.
Tess shouted, showing her color.
“Lian!”
Ryan frowned and moved on.
It seemed to weigh a ton.
Even so, the reason why they didn’t get crushed was because the load was being distributed throughout the body.
“What have you done to me? Your body is incredibly heavy.”
“How can I move… … ?”
It is not a magic that can be endured simply because it is strong. Since the load is proportional to the amount of muscle, the stronger the muscle, the heavier the body.
If it moved, there was only one possible case. You have to exert more strength than you can generate.
Of course, that too could not be seen as a normal human being.
‘You say you have more power than your body? No, it can’t be. It’s the highest skill among the giant’s techniques.’
While Girin was lost in thought, a muddy sound was heard from where Sirone and the others were.
“Hehe, that’s a very funny magic. This is why combat is fun.”
Harvest abruptly rose from Canis’ shadow.
Sirone realized after seeing the case of Lian and Harvest.
A relative load, not an absolute value, is being applied. It was important information because if the activation principle was different, the countermeasure would also be different.
“Where would you like to catch it?”
Harvest rushed at Lee Gi-rin. However, the fairy manager’s ability to fly was not to be underestimated.
Sirone, who had been lost for a while in the chase as if watching every fight, shouted at Lian.
“Rian! I do not have time! We have to break the statue!”
As Lian raised his greatsword in front of the statue, Girin’s face in flight was shocked.
Assume that the shadow chasing him is not human, but the swordsman is a human made of flesh and blood.
In order to wield a greatsword in a state of hypocrisy, the physical dominance must be close to 100%.
As Lian screamed and hit the statue, there was a bang.
The subjects were shocked, but the statue did not even have gold.
Lian gritted it.
I want to break it at random, but in the current situation, all I can do is add another blow.
“damn! If it wasn’t for some strange magic!”
The marble’s liquid was half full. Subjects closed their eyes as if they had already given up.
From their point of view, they would rather hate Lian. Everything would be comfortable by now if it hadn’t been interrupted.
Arin said through the mental channel.
– We have to find a way. Restraining the motions of hundreds of people with only the command of the tongue doesn’t fit the equivalent exchange. There will be conditions we don’t know about.
Sirone thought the same.
No matter how bizarre the ability to eat out, it was something that happened within the zero-sum of equivalent exchange.
Judging from the strength of the ability, there had to be a way to release it from being restrained.
Sirone reviewed Marsha’s advice.
Eating out is deeply related to the caster’s inclination.
Girin is a fairy of authority. Therefore, it was highly likely that it was omniscience related in some way to the concept of authority.
“Yaaaaap!”
Lian didn’t give up and kept knocking down the statue.
Every time a roar resounded, the faces of the subjects went pale one by one.
Then, at some point, Amy’s crimson eyes burned red. The memory of her self-image immediately detected changes in her body.
-Sirone, it is not a fixed binding force. A little while ago, the load was 5 kg weaker. This time 7 kg, 9 kg… … . Every time Rian swings his sword, the weight is draining away.
Sirone’s eyes flashed and shone. Through Amy’s words, I realized the description of Lee Gi-rin’s eating out.
“Rian! Keep hitting! Ilhwa’s sake is not the same as the magic of regeneration! It’s just murder!”
– Sirone! I just lost 60 kg! I hope this… … !
-okay! It’s not accurate, but I think Gi-rin quantifies his authority and uses his physical strength. The more doubters there are, the weaker the load will be.
As if to prove Sirone’s thoughts, Girin’s expression distorted.
The suspicious count suddenly soared to the sound of Ilhwa’s liquor shouting that it was murder.
It wasn’t a scream from evil. In the end, it meant that the heretics had figured out the conditions for magic to be activated.
rule-breakers.
Girin is able to hold a scale that measures trust and doubt against objects within its realm.
The moment he uttered the commandments, all living beings around him were divided into those who believed and those who doubted.
Currently, the number of subjects gathered in the central square is 318, and the ratio of believers to doubters is 293 to 25.
If everyone believes in Lee Gi-rin, the load applied per unit area is 100% of the muscle strength, so theoretically movement is impossible.
Conversely, when the percentage of trust falls below half, the ‘price of true name’ is activated, and Ki-rin must pay the price of 100% load for 24 hours.
Sirone realized why Lian’s actions affected magic. The fear of damaging the symbol of heaven was planting the seeds of doubt in the hearts of the subjects.
In fact, every time Lian hit the statue of a giant, the load was weakening slightly.
“Calm down everyone! Ilhwa’s sake is a lie! It’s a trick that kills you!”
He continued to press the subjects, but the load did not weaken any more.
Trials strengthen faith.
It was clear that while some were terrified, others were burning with more determination.
“shut up! You guys are cheating on us!”
“Kill! Kill heretics!”
The wrath of the marrow subjects reached its peak at the act of damaging the statue.
As the number of people who suddenly turned into fanatics increased, the doubters also began to change their thoughts little by little.
Even though Sirone knew this, he did not give up. He was the only resistance he could make in an immobilized situation.
“Anecdotal liquor is the liquor of regeneration? It’s your turn next! Why don’t you know that?”
“We will obey the law. It is to end the lifespan granted by Ra and return to the original body!”
Sirone gritted his teeth. Eating out of the rules and what not, the stuffiness of the people’s clogged thoughts reached the peak.
“You can buy more! The subjects of Anecdote don’t have to die today!”
Like a lie, the clamor of the subjects disappeared. Everyone was looking at Sirone with shocked expressions.
As a sign of the sudden silence, Harvest gave up the pursuit of Gi-rin.
Anyway, there is no way to win.
It was decided that it was better to shake the subjects through psychological warfare with her than to be distracted.
Irene frowned. The ratio speaks volumes about how effective this statement was.
267 to 51.
Seventeen percent of all subjects began to have doubts. The weakening of the load was such a shame that I could feel it through my skin. A sudden change in senses would also work against the preservation of authority.
“You can live? we… … Can I buy more?”
“okay. If the subjects really die at the end of their lifespan, at least we can call it a funeral. but not dying The sake of anecdotes cannot be your grave!”
– Sirone, what are you talking about?
Amy couldn’t believe it. Since the life span is absolute, wouldn’t the subjects follow? If it is an improvisation to escape the situation, it becomes difficult to cover the back.
It wasn’t something Sirone said with conviction. However, the conclusion I came to after thinking all night was that there was no possibility at all.
“I met Ethan in Purgatory. Some of them were not born in heaven. So they don’t know their lifespan. However, I do not have my life span controlled by anyone.”
“That’s of course because it’s heresy… … .”
“Wake! still don’t know I can’t because I don’t know the name. It’s not that I can’t, it’s that I can’t! If God is all-powerful, why does he need a name!”
Kirin’s face changed seriously.
229 to 89.
Authority disappears when the percentage of doubters exceeds half. There were only 70 counts left to get there.
exclaimed the executioner.
“Shut up! That too is just the principle of the law! It doesn’t change the fact that we gain eternal life or regenerate according to Ra’s will! Do not mock the subjects with heretical logic!”
“It is not the law! It’s magic! Whatever Ra’s abilities are related to magic, they can buy more!”
The word magic worked. If the holy phenomena that occur according to the law are mere magic, then the divine personage has no choice but to fall to the standard of human beings.
“How can I live longer? Do you have any evidence?”
Someone among the crowd of subjects shouted.
Kirin looked back at him fiercely. This is because the count of the suspicious person went up by 1 just now.
“I have studied the properties of time. In conclusion, time is relative. It is different for everyone here.”
Among the subjects, there were those who studied time. Norse mages and Mecca opticians.
Their number is probably around six. 222 v 96. Those who understood Sirone’s words began to doubt.
“Even if it were, what would it be?”
“If the ability to grant lifespan is related to time, it means that the lifespans of anecdotal drink subjects are not accurate. Even if the lifespan is fixed at 40 years, it is impossible to die exactly at 40 years. Because the acceptance time is flexible.”
“But it is only a hypothesis. If it is a non-magical law, we do not even have a chance to regenerate.”
“It is not a hypothesis. I can prove it. Even if the same 10 years were cut, the time of birth would be different. But why doesn’t Ilhwa’s liquor tune in to that?”
206 to 112.
There are 47 left.
Lee Ki-rin examined the glass marble. It was full of black liquid. The disintegration of the body begins from the moment of death, so if someone drowned, the magic was no different from success.
“Anecdotal liquor is murder if it can live for a few more hours, no, at least one second. It’s just an act of drowning the target and mutilating the corpse!”
The executioner widened his eyes.
“Shut up! Even if you are right, what will change! The value of life is not determined by time! Do you mean to deny Ra in order to live one more second!”
“That 1 second is the 1 second of deciding whether or not to put an end to your life! Why don’t you think of that!”
Lee Ki-rin saw that he could make up for it here.
243 vs. 75.
As expected, the number of people who turned to faith increased.
Sirone made a foolish decision. In fact, the initiative in life is not important to humans.
All they want is gain.
There is nothing to be gained from a slight increase in lifespan. The subjects will gladly jump into the sake of anecdotes, promising the future.
As if to prove the value of the scale, all of the subjects cursed Sirone.
“shit! You were almost fooled! After all, life is fixed! Nothing changed!”
“Are you talking nonsense again about the Nephilim? 1 second? What can you do with just one second? What can you do?”
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

