===============================
Chapter - 601 - The Tree Without Roots (3).txt
===============================
[601] Rootless Tree (3)
“Nade, nice to meet you! how have you been doing?”
Even as Liz approached and shook her shoulder, Nade stood there with a dazed expression, unable to find the soul that had escaped.
‘how?’
Is she here, who should be in Baska, the capital?
‘No, that’s not the problem.’
At a party held after graduation exams, Nade confessed his true feelings to Liz.
She is a good younger sister, but she doesn’t look like a man, and she left the school leaving behind the words that she was sorry.
In Nade’s mind, the events of that day are still vivid, but he couldn’t understand her talking to him with a bright expression as if nothing had happened.
“… … When did you come back?”
While Shirone stared at him incredulously, Nade struggled to speak.
“This morning.”
“But I heard that you got a job at the Capital Armory… … .”
“huh. I went on vacation and came down. I have work.”
“Oh, I see.”
Nade lowered his head, unable to hide his dispirited look, and Liz smiled mischievously.
“But I think I’ll finish my job soon and come down here.”
Nade’s head went up quickly, but Liz’s words broke his heart again.
“Actually, I’m getting engaged this time.”
“yes?”
Even though Liz’s voice echoed in his head dozens of times, Nade couldn’t help but ask.
Liz approached again with the arms of the neat-looking man standing behind her.
“This is the person. say hello Certified 8th class wizard Clyde Oscar. This time he has been assigned to the Creas Magic Association.”
“Oh, hello.”
Shirone hurriedly lowered his head, but Nade was lost in his spirit and forgot to say hello.
‘engagement? what was the engagement? An engagement?’
Oscar didn’t care and greeted the two with a friendly smile.
“nice to meet you. It’s Oscar. you are nade I heard a lot about Liz.”
“ah… … .”
After Oscar shook his hand, Nade came to his senses and slowly took his hand.
It was a soft, warm hand.
“It’s not like this, let’s go somewhere to eat. Now that I met my juniors, I should buy them something delicious.”
Nade waved his hand at Liz’s words.
“no. We have to go back to school soon… … .”
Nade had been fussing about not going to school until just a moment ago, but Shirone quickly nodded.
“yes. I have to go to school.”
Liz pretended not to hear.
“You’re lying! do you know you don’t know? If you’re out of town at this hour, you’re going to miss it.”
“It’s true. I have to go.”
Shirone did her best, but she ignored Liz and approached Nade.
“Let’s go, huh? I’ll buy you anything you want to eat.”
“What I really want to eat… … .”
“I really want to introduce you to you.”
Only then did Nade look straight into Liz’s eyes and discover the earnestness in those beautiful eyes.
‘Your senior remembers it too.’
Maybe because I was young at the time, and also because a lot of time had passed, I thought my feelings at the time would have been diluted.
‘But this is too cruel.’
What did Liz say to Oscar?
He might have said that he was a junior who once chased after him, or a younger brother with a bad temper.
‘Sheesh, what is this?’
By introducing her fiancé, Liz wants to shake off even the slightest burden of her past.
“huh? Nade, let’s go.”
The more I think about it, the more unfair it is, but when I see her desperate face like a lost cat, my heart beats so much that I can’t say no.
“all right. I will order something expensive instead.”
“of course! It’s not just a junior, but a junior directly under the research club.”
A junior under the direct control of the Research Society.
Those words seemed to explain everything.
* * *
It was morning, so there were not many people in the fancy restaurant.
The four of them took a seat at a table by the window.
“Now, what shall we eat?”
The nostalgia of the past confused Nade’s mind as he looked at her dancing shoulder to shoulder with the menu board.
‘Dangerous.’
Her voice, her way of speaking, her glances, and even her smallest actions, for reasons unknown, were so lovable.
“Let’s formally introduce ourselves. I am Oscar, and this is my fiancé Liz.”
When Nade saw Oscar smiling triumphantly, the fire within him soared, but even he had no sense of reality in the face of the shock of reuniting with Liz.
“This is Nade. This is my friend Shirone.”
As Shirone lowered his head, Nade added.
“He’s a very famous kid.”
“Oh, really?”
Among the magic school students in the kingdom of Tormia, there was probably no one who didn’t know Shirone’s name.
Even if Oscar was a professional wizard, he would have known what it meant to be in the kingdom’s spotlight.
To be honest, he wanted to give a blow to his expression as if he had it all, but he deftly deflected the provocation.
“haha! Excuse me for this Actually, I looked at Spirit magazine for a few years after graduating, but I haven’t heard about the magic school lately.”
That said, I was just a student.
Of course, it was, but it was true that it was a narrow-minded remark to a junior, so Liz hurriedly turned around.
“If you are very famous, you will graduate soon. Are you in your senior year now?”
“yes.”
“it should be hard. To be honest, even these days I dream of being a senior.”
“Still, in my case, it’s okay. I gave up on the graduation evaluation for the second half.”
“Ah, so you came to the city today. I had quite a few kids like that too. So, did Nade give up too?”
“no. I really have work… … .”
“okay? So what rank are you now?”
Nade was a little scared, but he told the truth because even lying was shabby.
“Last place.”
“Pu-huh!”
Oscar, who was drinking water, pretended to spit it out.
“Oh sorry. Because I’m so surprised It didn’t look like that.”
Truth be told, I didn’t expect much from the moment I heard that Shirone had given up on the evaluation.
It’s the same now, but even when he was in magic school, giving up the evaluation was a choice he made when neither one nor the other answered.
‘Of course I didn’t expect to be in last place.’
Even without expressing it, I could tell that Oscar’s eyes were different from before.
“Hmm, that’s right.”
Liz, on the other hand, looked at Nade with a pitiful expression, as if she had guessed something.
“There must be circumstances.”
“Not really. Last is last.”
Now that his face is ruined, Nade spat out as if to be done.
“Whoa, what’s wrong with your face? Who else did you fight with?”
Only then did Nade remember the scars on his face.
‘Today is really the worst day.’
Nade lowered his head gently, and Oscar intervened.
“It’s okay to give up the evaluation and it doesn’t matter if you get a low grade, but if you’re going to become a wizard, you can’t go around fighting like that. If you start overconfident in your skills, there will be no progress.”
It was the advice of a senior who had already become a professional, but I had no choice but to take it seriously today.
“It wasn’t a fight. just this… … I did it because I was angry.”
I couldn’t fill the filter in my throat, knowing that after breaking up with Liz, all my words would be flooded with regret.
Liz, who was watching the traces of self-harm, smiled bitterly as if she knew what it was.
“It’s the same, Nade.”
The meal continued in a slightly awkward atmosphere.
Most of the time, Liz led the conversation and Oscar listened and then interjected one by one.
The food was delicious, but Nade couldn’t figure out where it was going.
“Oh, really? So Shirone is also the Supernatural Psychic Research Society? It’s really hard to get one member to sign up. Are you capable?”
“Well, let’s say it’s three people. Do you know Eruki?”
Liz crossed her hands and looked up at the ceiling.
“Ah, meeting you really reminds me of the past. We’ve been debating all night what the secrets of the upper classes are. Hasn’t it been revealed yet?”
“Yes, what… … .”
Shirone, who had completely closed the upper floors, had nothing to say.
As their own alumni association continued, Oscar, who felt left out, changed the topic.
“Not long now. I mean the graduation exam. Are the preparations going well? It is the most important test of your life.”
Despite knowing that Oscar had a purpose in everything he said, Nade couldn’t help but become an ugly duckling.
“I’m not interested, like a test. I don’t even want to be a wizard.”
It sounded pretty cheeky, and Oscar didn’t go over it.
“The decision is yours. But isn’t it absurd to be attached to school anyway? If you’re going to run away like this… … .”
“You will pass.”
Liz stopped talking.
“You will be able to pass. Because Nade is strong. yes?”
Responding to the confidence in his eyes, Nade hurriedly turned his head to hide his blushing face.
‘damn. If you look at me like that, what are you saying to me?’
“Hmmmm.”
Oscar cleared his throat and wiped his mouth with a napkin.
“If you finish eating, go. I have business to do.”
“really? You haven’t even had tea yet?”
“Liz, you said you had an appointment with the association people.”
“Ah, yes.”
Liz slowly rose from her seat, as if regretting it.
“It was nice meeting you today. I’ll do the math here.”
“yes. I had a good meal.”
Shirone and Nade also stood up and bowed their heads.
“Sooner or later, I will visit the principal to say hello. See you then, Nade.”
He held his fiancé’s hand and handed it to him, but Nade’s heart started beating again as if it were out of order.
“yes. Go carefully.”
As Liz and Oscar left the restaurant side by side, Nade, who finally came to his senses, sighed and slumped back into his chair.
“Oh, I’m going crazy. Shirone, let’s stop by the pharmacy. I think I’ll get sick.”
“Who the hell are you? Aren’t you just a senior? I’ve never seen you so nervous.”
As the head of the study group, Nade was not intimidated even in front of teachers.
“that is… … It’s a bit long to talk. I’ll tell you as I go.”
“okay. Let’s go out at once.”
As Shirone prepared to leave, Nade held out his hand.
“for a moment! Let’s stay here for 10 minutes, just 10 minutes.”
“why? I have to go get some medicine.”
“Maybe Liz-senpai still exists.”
“… … .”
Shirone thought that he must have had a mental problem.
* * *
“Why did you do that?”
Oscar asked after walking without speaking for a long time.
“what?”
“Because I cheaped my juniors too much. I have my body too. What if I interrupt you while I am giving advice?”
Liz smiled like a seagull.
“what? Are you jealous?”
“Who is jealous? To such a kid.”
“But why do you care? Just think of it as buying food for cute juniors.”
“Honestly, it was a bit intrusive. I know that? I mean Nade, he was always provoking me.”
“Ah, isn’t that overdoing it? To be honest, he was a bit nagging. They are doing their best, too.”
“Look at this, you’re on the side again.”
Thinking that she would really fight if she continued like this, Liz gave up her stubbornness.
“okay. It’s my fault. I must have been so excited to see you after a long time.”
Let’s give in first, and Oscar is a little relieved.
“I’m sorry too. I can’t be bothered to hear that you’ve confessed to me before.”
“Oh, it’s all in the past. It was 3 years ago. Nade was sixteen at the time.”
“But you say you’re strong? The way I see it, it’s wrong for both of them to be wizards. You seem to have no patience.”
“Nade is really strong. I don’t know about the kid named Shirone, but Nade will be able to pass.”
Oscar blinked.
She had known Liz for a while, but she had never said that she was strong even to herself.
“What kind of kid are you? I mean Nade.”
“well. Actually, I don’t know.”
“You don’t know?”
Liz raised her gaze and searched for her memory.
“Blue electricity… … .”
“huh?”
“I feel like I’m only seeing an afterimage even though it’s clearly in front of me. I think Nade was such a junior.”
Oscar didn’t understand what it felt like.
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 602 - Rootless Tree (4) 1.txt
===============================
[602] Rootless Tree (4)
* * *
After arriving at school, Shirone and Nade head to the Supernatural Psychic Science Lab.
Shirone, who was sitting on the sofa, said with tears in her eyes.
“I heard you can’t go even if you die.”
He must have changed his mind in an instant when he heard that Liz was coming to school.
“My, what am I? I came because I felt I had to apologize to the kids. Then go back?”
Anyway, bringing Nade was an achievement.
“It’s done. get some rest too You must have had a hard time living in the mountains.”
Nade, who was lying on the sofa on the other side with an arm pillow, recalled the story he had heard from Shirone on the way to this point.
‘It must have been difficult for you too, Shirone.’
While I was lost in thought, someone knocked on the door and the two jumped up at the same time.
“who is this?”
Since Scramble Royale had just ended, it was only natural that they be hostile towards uninvited guests.
“It’s Richard.”
Richard of Alchemy, a member of the Ring of Gold.
When Nade hesitated at the appearance of a person who didn’t fit in here at all, Shirone said.
“come in.”
I was curious about the results of Fermi and Lichen.
The door opened slowly, and Richard entered with an afterimage of red eyes.
A strong lower jaw with a solid body. It was not different from the human body, but underneath the artificial skin, instead of muscles and bones, a mechanical device made of alchemy should have been operating.
“Why did you come here? Is it a message from the golden ring?”
“No, this is Fermi’s personal request. Because the gold ring was disbanded as of yesterday.”
“what?”
It was truly shocking news.
“why?”
“I don’t know the exact reason. Fermi and Lichen were at enmity.”
Neither of them seemed dead.
‘Well, at the time, Fermi was seriously injured.’
Nade asked.
“What about the other members?”
“Kayden is missing. Hercy is furious that she was being used by Scramble Royale.”
It was an understandable situation.
“Then what about you? Why did you leave Fermi?”
They were people who gathered to see the profits Fermi generated rather than loyalty.
But that’s why this decision was unexpected.
“Isn’t Fermi’s value declining?”
“yes. But the proposal came from Fermi first. If I don’t dismantle the ring of gold, I’ll have to assist two of your teammates in the graduation exam.”
“ah… … .”
If the golden ring itself disappears, the cost of helping the two becomes null and void.
“You’ve been calculating from the beginning.”
If you intend to dismantle the gold ring anyway, you can blow an empty check at will in negotiations.
“Perhaps. Because Fermi never makes a losing trade. I don’t know what happened. But he seemed satisfied.”
Shirone recalled the final scene of Fermi and Yoga.
“I came here to tell you about it. The golden ring has been dismantled. So I’ll refrain from fussing about.”
“Is Fermi thinking of graduating this time?”
“okay. Maybe it’s better for you. I also resigned by receiving money. It’s severance pay.”
After that, Richard left the study group.
At first, I felt like I was stabbed in the back of the head, but when I thought about it from Fermi’s point of view, the whole situation came into harmony.
“I was completely beaten. I should have known from the start.”
“That’s impossible, so Fermi stabbed him in.”
“ha. I have to tell the kids.”
Two hours after that, Amy and Eruki finished their evaluation and entered the study group.
“Nade! What happened to you?”
Amy shouted at the scars on Nade’s face.
“Sorry. i screwed up Even if you have 10 mouths, you have nothing to say.”
Eruki said.
“it’s okay. Because I won anyway. From now on, think about raising the rankings too. Graduation exams are really close now.”
“Ah, speaking of words… … .”
Shirone reported the fact that the ring of gold had been dismantled, and the shock the two received was no different.
“Fermi, you coward! Are you cheating until the end?”
“Think good. The distribution was ambiguous, and infighting could have occurred. Other team members will understand.”
He had no choice but to raise his hand this time, having prepared for more than 10 years to meet Yolga.
After such a simple welcome ceremony for Nade, Shirone and the others went back to their lodgings to prepare for tomorrow.
“Eruki.”
Shirone called in front of Eruki’s door.
“Do you know a senior named Liz?”
“Liz?”
It was an expression of surprise that was not typical of Eruki.
“How do you know that senior’s name?”
“Well, we met this morning. with Nade.”
“It was.”
Eruki looked around Nade’s room.
“Somehow, I felt depressed. So, did you say something?”
“huh. He also bought me rice. A senior named Liz, isn’t she a precious person to Nade?”
“I guess so. Because he’s the one who made that monster come to his senses and live.”
“What kind of person were you?”
“Hmm, if you ask me what kind of person I am… … .”
Eruki, who remembered Liz-senpai, briefly defined it.
“It was just the current Nade.”
* * *
It was four years ago, when Nade was fifteen.
At the time, he was exuding an aura that was so terrifying that he could scare opponents with just his eyes.
I only exchanged a few words with Eruki, but I didn’t mix with anyone, and such an arbitrary move was most noticeable during lunchtime.
When Nade received the food on the plate and turned around, the friends who were peeking at his back hurriedly turned their heads.
It was because he was afraid that he would sit next to him.
“joy.”
I snorted and looked around, and Eruki was also occupying a table by herself.
They acknowledged each other’s abilities, but it was also funny to eat with people who had been pushed out by others, so Nade sat down at a table in the corner.
It was then that Liz approached.
“hi?”
Nade raised his head and saw a smiling Liz in his eyes, and heard the students whispering behind her.
Liz, the top of Class Four.
I couldn’t figure out why the senior, who had nothing to do with Nade, suddenly acted like this.
“What are you?”
Nade at the time was not rough even if he was a senior.
“What are you saying to someone who says hello, aren’t you doing too much?”
“If you don’t have any business, get out. Because the food tastes bad.”
“Eating alone is delicious, right? Don’t do that, let’s eat together. It’s good to be close with seniors and juniors.”
Liz had a tendency to not see anyone being left out.
“bothered. Turn it off.”
Rather, it was Liz’s friends who were behind Nade’s cold treatment.
“A worthless bastard. They look after you because you’re young, I know you’re really strong.”
“Liz, just come. It’s best not to associate with such a madman.”
Still, since he was a senior, Nade endured it once.
“Why don’t you go? Friends are calling.”
“good. I’ll go if you tell me honestly.”
“what?”
“Aren’t you really lonely?”
bang!
When the table was hit, all the students turned around, and Liz, who shook her shoulders, froze with her eyes wide open.
In the cold stillness, Nade, who caught their gaze in the eyes of all of them, stood up and put his hand on Liz’s shoulder.
“Don’t mess with me again. You can really be beaten to death.”
Liz, her face slightly pale, nevertheless stuck out her tongue playfully.
After a while, as Nade moved away, his friends gathered.
“Liz, are you okay?”
“What kind of children do you have? Shall I call you after class?”
“I’ll give you a scolding. A guy like that doesn’t need to be in a magic school.”
Liz, who still had a flushed expression, let out a large breath as if she had finally come to her senses.
“Whoa, it’s not really a joke, he. It’s tougher than you’ve heard.”
“Then why are you talking? He skips classes and hangs out with bad guys outside of school.”
“Hmm.”
Despite the concerns of her friends, Liz looked at Nade’s back with interest.
“Sheesh!”
After breaking up with his friends, Nade entered the room and curled up on the bed, reminiscing about the time.
If it hadn’t been that way from the beginning, there wouldn’t have been any pain like this.
But the reason I can’t blame her is because the life she left behind has become so precious now.
‘Engagement?’
Nade felt the heat rise in his head and buried his face in the bed.
“OMG! What are you saying to me!”
* * *
A few days later, Liz visited Alpheas Magic School with Oscar.
“Do you really need to come to me? This isn’t even my school.”
Oscar had a nasty attitude.
“Still, I’m a teacher, so I have to say hello. I have to tell you about the engagement ceremony.”
It was because of this.
“Liz, let’s talk for a minute.”
Oscar stopped in the hallway where the principal’s office was.
“Why are you in such a hurry? You can slowly bring up the engagement.”
“Who is in a hurry? What’s wrong with talking to everyone?”
“This is a complex issue. You should also consider a job. What about the arsenal when I’m assigned here?”
“Yes, I know. But Oscar, I’m not rushing you. but… … .”
Liz finally confessed.
“Aren’t we in love?”
Liz is a wonderful woman and that’s why Oscar fell in love with her on first meeting.
To be honest, I didn’t want to lose her.
‘love. If love is all… … .’
Seeing Oscar linger, Liz was suddenly terrified, and as always, she yielded.
“okay. I think it’s premature to talk about an engagement ceremony. Let’s just say hello.”
“Sorry. I have a lot to think about too. As you know, joining the Association is a great opportunity… … .”
“Whoops! Because I knew. now! Relax and go!”
When Liz, who had calmed down Oscar, knocked on the door of the principal’s office and entered, Alpheas, who had already received the message, greeted him with a smile.
“It’s been a while, Liz.”
“Hello, Headmaster! You are still young!”
“Chuck! Just a year ago, jokes like that were fun. Sit over here.”
Alpheas offered a seat and served the car.
“By the way, who is this handsome man?”
Oscar, who was dealing with a certified 4th-class wizard, politely bowed.
“hello. My name is Clid Oscar, a certified 8th-class wizard.”
“This is my boyfriend. I think I will be assigned to the Kreas Magic Association this time.”
“Right. You look dignified.”
After talking about this and that, Liz asked.
“By the way, what did you say at the beginning? Did something bad happen?”
Alpheas shook his head as if he was about to die.
“Don’t talk. In one year, it has grown old. There are so many troublemakers in my senior year.”
“I met Nade not too long ago. They say you’re ranked last.”
“Aren’t they already detached from rankings? The juniors directly under your study group.”
“lol.”
Liz took it as an honorable compliment.
“But it’s not just because of that. This year’s graduating class is really high quality. The competition has never been this intense in the history of the school.”
“Oh my, is that enough?”
“okay. They say that the average ability of students is 3.8 times higher than that of other schools.”
Oscar couldn’t understand.
“The average is 3.8 times?”
“okay. I can’t even guess how big the gap is between the top and the bottom. It is no exaggeration to say that ranks are meaningless.”
Liz said with a dazed expression.
“That’s amazing. The principal must be having a hard time too.”
In my mind, I would have liked to graduate all of my senior classes.
“okay. But even this is only part of the process. It may be difficult right now, but the students graduating this time will grow into wizards who will shine the kingdom faster than anyone else.”
And in the turbulent world, such wizards were needed.
“Then Nade… … .”
Alfeas, who read Liz’s mind, spoke.
“Don’t worry. The children of the Supernatural Psychic Research Society are by no means inferior to their top competitors. You are fighting well.”
Alfeas had a benevolent personality but never said empty words, so Liz smiled brightly.
“of course. Who is your junior?”
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 603 - For someone (1) 2.txt
===============================
[603] To someone (1)
It was a spectacle to see Estas change form.
“Isn’t it cool? This is the famous Istas of Alpheas Magic School.”
“I am There was something like this at the school I went to.”
Liz spits out the name of her alma mater without hesitation, and Oscar simply refers to the school she went to.
Even in a trivial conversation, the noble and the infamous are distinguished.
Although Oscar was a native of the capital, he was not at the level of holding out a business card to one of the five most prestigious schools in the kingdom, other than the Royal Magic School.
But Liz was proud of her Oscar.
With this man who has been certified as a self-made artist, you will be able to overcome any hardship.
“Follow me. I will introduce you to a study group full of my memories.”
“Go back now. I said hello to the principal.”
“Oh really. hurry. It will be fun.”
Unlike Liz, who was delighted like a child, Oscar had only thoughts about his dinner date.
“Nothing has really changed here.”
Countless memories ran through Liz’s mind.
“How are you finding your way? Isn’t it a complete maze?”
“There was a Servant ability among the previous presidents. He created the Master Equation.”
“okay? What principle is it?”
Liz turned around with her hands behind her back and stuck out her tongue.
“secret.”
The door to the Supernatural Psychic Research Society opened and Liz’s face burst in.
“Voila! Hey, is anyone there?”
“Of course he must be in class. let’s go back I have plans for dinner with the association people.”
As Oscar was about to turn, Liz grabbed his wrist and turned him upside down.
He sighed and turned around, but his eyes could not help but shine in front of Liz’s meaningful expression.
“Are you really just going? You might regret it, right?”
“Hmmmm, what are you talking about?”
Oscar pretended not to know.
“This is where I stayed longer than the dorm. In a word, you can say that my body odor is permeated.”
As Liz pulled him, Oscar’s legs moved as if hypnotized, and a moment later the door closed.
“Oh, I’m going crazy.”
Nade, who finished the evaluation earlier than his friends, came to Estas in search of Shirone.
‘I can’t concentrate at all.’
His mind was so full of Liz’s thoughts that he couldn’t do anything.
‘If I knew this would happen, I’d rather not run into it.’
If I hadn’t left Scramble Royale, if I hadn’t gone to the public bath that day, I would have many regrets.
However, in a corner of his heart, there was another Nade who was delighted with the reality of reuniting with Liz.
“Do you want Shirone?”
Nade’s hand, which turned the doorknob, stopped abruptly.
At first, I thought it was Shirone, but the sound leaking from inside was definitely a male and female voice.
“what?”
I saw Liz and Oscar kissing Nade’s eyes as he opened the door and entered the study hall.
“Senior Liz?”
It was a shock that ripped out my heart without anesthesia, and it was a situation where I couldn’t think of anything as if my brain had been removed.
“Liz! town! town!”
Oscar found Nade and hurriedly pushed Liz away.
Realizing it belatedly, Liz rolled her eyes as if embarrassed, and then approached with a shy smile.
“Oh, Nade! When did you come?”
“What are you doing?”
“Ah, such an embarrassing thing. Sorry. Suddenly, I thought of the old days, and the atmosphere was like that… … .”
“get out.”
As Nade frowned, Liz’s mouth was firmly shut.
“Never come here again.”
Oscar frowned.
“What is your habit of talking to seniors? The research society is not yours, and Liz graduated from here.”
Nade’s gaze lingered on Oscar for a moment, then returned.
“Outsiders are out.”
They both know nothing.
How he and his friends struggled to defend the research society.
“Outsiders? fall out?”
Oscar couldn’t stand it any longer.
“From now on, it would be better to think and spit it out. The person standing in front of you is a professional wizard who has been officially recognized in the kingdom. You, who don’t even have a magician’s license, aren’t the ones to talk about carelessly.”
Nade didn’t even like to mix things up.
“I say it for the last time. get out. If you don’t want to be treated badly.”
“Because this child wants to see you… … .”
Oscar widened his eyes and took a stride.
However, the moment our eyes collided head-on with Nade, I felt like my heart stopped and I couldn’t move my body.
‘What is this bastard?’
An aura cold enough to freeze the blood.
I had never experienced this level of survival even when I was on duty in real combat.
“Come on if you feel confident. A professional wizard?”
Literally, Oscar was a pro and it was his senior year of amateurs that made him freeze.
It’s a feeling, it can’t be stopped anyway, so Oscar is about to step back, but Liz interrupts.
“stop! don’t fight.”
First of all, she moved away from Oscar and turned to Nade and said.
“okay. I’ll go. I’m sorry if I offended you.”
“Liz, will you put up with being treated like this? He’s a guy who only knows how he feels. Just spit out flat words at your direct senior.”
“Oscar, please stop. Let’s get out quickly.”
As Liz walked out the door with her lover by the hand, Oscar cursed.
“A son of a bitch. That’s why you’re in last place.”
The door slammed shut with a bang, and Nade, who had been standing still for a moment, sat down on the sofa as if dizzy.
“ha.”
Contrary to the initial expectation that it would be relieved, only regret came after the work was over.
“Aaaaaa! really! really!”
Nade frantically hit himself on the head and buried his face deep into the sofa.
Two hours later, when Shirone and Eruki arrived, Nade was already dead.
“what’s the matter? what’s the matter?”
It was amazing to Shirone that a person could change so much in just a few hours.
“it’s over. It’s all over.”
“So what is it?”
“Senior Liz came to visit… … .”
After hearing the full story of the incident from Nade, Shirone and Eruki remained silent for a long time.
It was a mistake to drive him out coldly, but if he thought he was in that situation, he couldn’t help but scold him.
“I think it’s better. You had a fiancé anyway, right? If I hoped for nothing, only you would suffer.”
Eruki’s advice was realistic.
“I know. But I can’t give up. I’m going to die of anger, but I don’t want to miss it.”
Shirone used shock therapy.
“Even though you saw that, do you like Liz-senpai?”
“uh! good! I feel like I’m going crazy because I like it. Do you know why I wanted to open a magic shop? Because Liz-senpai works at the armory! I was going to make a formal confession, but like this… … .”
Nade grabbed his head.
“I was stupid! I should have responded coolly. Aren’t you going to hate me now?”
“Whether you like it or not, they say you have a fiance. That means you’re going to get married soon.”
“Is the engagement big? You might change your mind and come to me. Eruki, what percentage is the probability of that happening?”
“0 percent.”
I didn’t even want to do any calculations.
“Shirone, you tell me. what do i do now It’s an insight to use in times like these.”
“If you really can’t give up, there is only one way.”
“really? what is that?”
“I’m going to go and apologize to both of you right now.”
“apologize?”
Liz wouldn’t know, but she didn’t want to bow her head to Oscar even if she died.
“Because it is true that you were serious. If I can’t do it, I have no choice but to close my heart.”
It was the only solution Nade could think of.
“But I don’t know where. You can’t even search all the city inns.”
“The headmaster will know. I’ll ask.”
Shirone ran to Alfeas and found out that Liz was staying at the Dolphin Inn.
Nade left Istas repeatedly saying thank you, but when he arrived at the inn, he was delirious.
‘Let’s stay calm. I just came to see my senior. You didn’t do this before.’
With the feeling of jumping off a cliff, I raised my hand and knocked on the door when I heard Liz’s voice.
“who are you?”
“uh… … It’s Nade.”
“Nade?”
The door opened and Liz appeared in a comfortable outfit.
It may not be more beautiful than decorated, but the rarity rather made my heart pound.
“How did you know this place?”
Looking at the speechless Nade, Liz’s face wasn’t as friendly as expected.
“Do you want to come in?”
“sorry! Seniors!”
Nade immediately bowed his head and apologized, feeling that he could not waste any more time.
“I wonder how your mind has been. I can’t even recognize you. I’m really sorry.”
This may not relieve all feelings, but there was no reason not to accept an apology.
“okay. Thanks for coming. Actually, I felt a little uncomfortable. I wonder if I went to school for nothing.”
“Absolutely not. It’s all my fault.”
“okay. Let’s meet before we leave.”
“Hey, by the way, where is Mr. Oscar? I want to apologize in person.”
“He went out because he had a dinner date with the Association people. don’t worry. It’s not like I have that kind of personality.”
“Can you tell me where you are? I will never harm you.”
Even from Liz’s point of view, it was nice to see Oscar relieve his anger.
“It will be at the Gold Ocean Restaurant. I said we’d meet there It’s an important seat, so don’t disturb it.”
“yes. Do not worry. thank you.”
Nade rushed out of the inn, thinking that he would make another mistake if he stayed longer.
‘done! That’s it!’
There was still a sense of distance, but it was a hundred times better than the severing of the relationship.
‘You only like things like this. He smiled at me just a few days ago.’
Why do humans realize the value of something only after losing it?
‘For now, I’ll have to be satisfied with seeing it again.’
Nade checked Oscar through the window across the street from the restaurant.
At a gathering of five or six people, he was conversing with confident hand gestures.
“Sheesh, I hope.”
Does Oscar know what a blessing it is to be loved by Liz?
It may be irritating and annoying at times, but she was a noble woman who did not dare to make eye contact with anyone.
“When will it end anyway?”
The feeling of waiting outside to apologize to the woman he loved was the end of his misery.
The cold of autumn was added, perhaps because she was wearing thin clothes, but it probably wasn’t just because of the weather.
‘End quickly. End quickly.’
I put my hand under my armpit and waited for about an hour. After dinner, Oscar got up from his seat.
‘Come out.’
Oscar, who opened the restaurant door himself and waited for the group to come out, adjusted his clothes and lowered his head.
“I had a good dinner, branch manager. Next time, I’ll take you somewhere nice.”
“Chuck! I’m glad you got it in your mouth. I’m also looking forward to your insight.”
‘and. Was that the branch manager?’
Nade stared at the middle-aged man with a bloated belly and his suit barely buttoned.
Acquiring official recognition was a great thing, but having dinner with the Magic Association’s branch manager, Kreas, was unusual.
‘Still, there seems to be something you can do. Well, if you want to live with Liz-senpai… … huh?’
A blonde woman in a red dress and a fur coat came up to Oscar’s side and gently crossed her arms.
“Dad, can I walk with this guy for a minute? Also to digest.”
“okay. Please escort my daughter well.”
“Do not worry.”
Judging from the conversation, it was clear that it was the branch manager’s daughter.
But what I couldn’t understand was why such a woman would walk arm in arm with Oscar.
“… … What is it?”
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 604 - For someone (2).txt
===============================
[604] To someone (2)
* * *
“Did I just tell you the place?”
Liz, who sent Nade like that, thought about why Nade was angry at the study meeting.
It’s still heartbreaking.
When Nade officially confessed, he drew a line firmly, but looking back now, it seems that he was embarrassed.
‘What was he afraid of?’
To be honest, I wasn’t a comfortable junior.
Although she was innocent, she always felt a subtle tightrope walk whenever she was with Nade.
‘The timing wasn’t good.’
To a woman who graduated from a prestigious school and is swollen with dreams for the future, a junior’s confession was like throwing herself into the darkness where she could not see the future.
never mind… … couldn’t choose
‘Because I didn’t know what my future would be like.’
And now, Oscar was by her side, guaranteeing her a happy future.
‘Yeah, that’s it. Something in the past… … .’
Liz shook her head and erased the past.
“Nade.”
However, the reason why the name pops up again at the end of the decision was because of what happened on that day four years ago, which I can never forget.
“what?”
Nade looked around the restaurant when Liz, whom she had been talking to for nearly three months, did not show up today.
‘Hmm, I’ll take care of it.’
I had been treated embarrassingly by my juniors for several months, so it was time to give up.
“What happened to Liz? Didn’t you come back yesterday?”
Regardless of his will, Nade’s ears pricked up.
“I know. He said there was something to be done with the study group.”
“I’m sure you weren’t caught? The alchemy vendors are said to be really evil.”
The word alchemy company captured Nade’s consciousness.
“Bad children. They took advantage of being a student and fed usury money.”
Nade banged the tableware and hit it.
“I’m going to die loudly.”
With all the students watching, Nade got up and went to Liz’s friends.
“If you’re that worried, can’t you just go and see? What are you doing while eating?”
My friends grimaced as if they had seen a monster.
“What do you care? Are you bored without Liz? That’s what you normally do.”
Nade took out a chair and sat down.
“Tell me in detail. So what happened?”
After escaping from school, Nade arrived in the middle of a dark alleyway in Creas City.
“How stupid.”
From what I heard from my friends, it is said that the Supernatural Psychic Science Research Society conducted a soul transmission experiment.
I used financial products from the Alchemy Company to procure the equipment, but it seemed that I was caught in an evil spirit.
Finding Liz wasn’t difficult for Nade, who didn’t get any hints, but knew the physiology of the back alley.
After walking for a while, the lower ranks of an organization were smoking and chatting.
Nade approached without hesitation and asked crookedly.
“Hey, you guys, come here for a second.”
The gang members who turned their heads nervously made sure that they were still children and made absurd expressions.
“What is this kid? you here… … Whoops!”
All they saw was an afterimage of blue lightning that occurred in an instant, and all but one lost consciousness.
“Where is Liz?”
Nade grabbed his neck and asked, and the frightened man shouted with his eyes quivering.
“I don’t know! I don’t even know who I am!”
Of course it was.
“Then find someone you know.”
After digging into the shadowy organization like that, Nade heard the news that she was imprisoned in the house of Alchemist Wiz in the forest.
“It’s better than alchemy.”
Upon infiltrating the residence, there was a warehouse built 200 meters away, guarded by two sturdy guards.
As Nade approached, he heard a rough sound.
“Who are you? How did you get in here?”
“Give me the woman.”
Just hearing those words, the experienced guards sensed the situation and rushed towards Nade at the same time.
Qurrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr!
At the sound of thunder, everyone in the warehouse turned their heads toward the door.
“what’s the matter!”
Then the warehouse door was smashed and Nade entered.
“Nade?”
Liz, with a haggard face, muttered with a surprised expression.
‘Still safe.’
Judging by the tangled mess of papers on the table, it seemed that they had been negotiating all night.
Of course, from Liz’s point of view, Nade guessed that these were absolutely unacceptable things.
They were the ones who could hand over a memorandum of physical abandonment as well as ridiculous usury without hesitation.
‘They’re pros.’
Unlike other loan sharks, the Alchemy Chamber had a large amount of money, so the people they hired were all wizards.
Nade, who looked at the 7 wizards standing there, let out a devastated laugh.
“You really are a crazy old man. Do you know what kind of place the store is and rent equipment on a whim? It is also a student topic.”
Liz put on a sad expression.
“The rent has been paid! But they keep saying that you have to buy the equipment because it is defective!”
It was a typical trick of bad guys, so Nade looked at the equipment Liz had brought.
“Ultrix.”
It is a device that emits high-output electrical energy at once, and it was an expensive product that was difficult to purchase unless it was a company in the related field.
However, durability was guaranteed.
“Are there any glitches? open the lid I’ll check.”
As Nade approached, Wiz held out his hand.
“What are you? You say you’re inspecting Ultrix when you don’t even have blood on your head? Do you know how much equipment this is?”
“That is something to watch. Do you know the internal treaty of the Chamber of Commerce? Article 7 paragraph 3. If you get caught cheating, you will be kicked out forever.”
Wiz’s eyebrows twitched.
“Are you an alchemist?”
Of course, Nade did not have a formal license.
However, while studying magic engineering from a young age, his skills were no less than that of an expert, and thanks to that, he was quick to learn the taboos of the industry.
“If you are really worried, leave it to the company. choose Do you want to rent as it is and leave, or should I go to the guild with the equipment now?”
“Be surrounded.”
As soon as Wiz’s words ran out, the wizards moved.
“Nade!”
Liz tried to reach, but the flames spread in concentric circles around her.
“Don’t move. It becomes a whole roast.”
He would have been from the guild if he was only hired by the Chamber of Commerce, but he was a veteran in the way he posed a threat.
Wiz asked, narrowing her eyes.
“I seem to have heard of it somewhere, but to be honest, it would be better to blow it. You came here, who knows?”
Nade laughed.
“Unfortunately, I don’t have any friends… … .”
‘That fool!’
There was despair in Liz’s eyes.
Wouldn’t it be safe to get out of this place if someone else was involved, even if it was a lie?
“okay?”
As expected, Wiz’s face turned evil.
“Take care of it.”
Six wizards rushed at the same time.
Even if they weren’t public figures, they were as powerful as one special move they learned in real battle, so their attacks that maximized their attributes flew sharply.
Qurrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr!
In an instant, the warehouse flashed with blue light, and with the sound of thunder, a thick layer of dust covered the warehouse.
“Coke! Coke!”
Wiz cleared her throat and the moment she opened her spicy eyes and looked straight ahead, her face hardened.
In a single blow, six professional wizards were electrocuted with their limbs strangely twisted.
“Turn it off!”
Liz’s face turned pale as she watched the wizards grit their teeth and endure the shock.
‘It’s really strong.’
I just thought he was a junior with a more angular personality than others.
That’s why it was a strong shock to see Nade emitting blue electricity from the place where professional wizards fell.
* * *
“Are you doing well?”
Even after Nade left, Shirone, who was still in the lab, murmured.
“You’ll figure it out. Are you sure you can’t even lower your head?”
As Eruki said, Nade was not foolish, but a bigger problem than that was a broken heart.
“It’s the graduation exam now. You’ll have to keep your senses until then.”
Eruki glanced at Shirone and closed the book.
“Do you really think so?”
“What do you mean? Of course you have to be alert.”
“I told you. When Nade was young, he was captured by bandits and tortured with electricity. Very cruel.”
“I know. That’s why it became ‘that way’. To be honest, I still don’t understand. That you can control it.”
“I meant it in that sense. Maybe it would be better for Nade to wander like this. Shirone, even for you.”
“for me?”
“You’re thinking that the reason you’re giving up on the evaluation is that you can’t become a wizard simply by getting good grades.”
It was an embarrassing conversation between friends.
“Eruki, I… … .”
“are you okay. Once I enter the graduation exam, I will have no choice but to fight you.”
Eruki stood up from his seat.
“But the problem is Nade. Maybe you can’t be a wizard. There is no organization in the red line that would employ a mage in ‘that state’. As long as you don’t go from one guild to another or fall into the black line.”
“Nade would never be like that.”
“i think so too. But Shirone, Nade has a completely different temperament than you.”
Eruki looked back at Shirone.
“You have endless possibilities, but Nade has clear limits. only a point. He was already the strongest at the age of eight, and Nade is still the strongest ever since. And in my judgment… … .”
Eruki’s eyes turned cold.
“You can’t surpass Nade with your level right now.”
“It doesn’t matter, even if Nade is stronger than me.”
Shirone was sincere.
“But it is something that cannot be determined. We do our best for each other… … .”
“You’ve never seen Nade’s real face, have you?”
Shirone shut his mouth.
“I saw And I saw a few more. Their opinion will be the same as mine. Nade is not a wizard. It’s just magic.”
Eruki let out a sigh.
“I rather think it was a good thing. As a wizard, Nade has no future anyway. Then for your success… … .”
“I hate that.”
Shirone gritted his teeth.
“Sacrifice your future for a friend? If Nade is lazy because of me… … .”
“It’s not just because of that. you know?”
“No, even so, it is unacceptable. Sacrificing in competition is nonsense!”
Eruki couldn’t choose what was right.
Shirone was also a dear friend, and Nade’s power was a foul, at least at the magic school level.
“I want to go see Nade. I’m worried.”
Understanding Shirone’s feelings, Eruki got up and followed her.
“Come with me.”
* * *
A knock on the door was heard.
“Are you Oscar? Are you here early?”
Liz, who woke up from the flashback, quickly approached and opened the door, where unexpectedly, Nade, whose complexion was dark, was standing there.
“Sir, I’m here again.”
Perhaps it was because she was reminiscing about what happened four years ago, Liz’s heart was also softened unlike a few hours ago.
“Come on. Did you meet Oscar?”
“that is… … . Mr. Oscar might be a little late.”
Incomprehensible, Liz opened the door and pretended to come in.
Upon entering the room, Nade’s heart broke to see Oscar’s clothes neatly folded.
“Sit comfortably. You’ll be late, what do you mean?”
Sitting in his chair, Nade still couldn’t decide whether he should tell what he saw.
“Senior, do you really love Oscar?”
“Ho Ho! What is it, all of a sudden? I got engaged because I love you.”
This was hell in a different way.
‘I’d rather not have seen it.’
If I hadn’t known, there might not have been any burden on my heart.
“Senior-sama, it seems to me that Mr. Oscar… … .”
Nade threw his words towards an unknown future.
“I think there is another woman.”
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 605 - For Someone (3) 2.txt
===============================
[605] To someone (3)
Liz asked.
“what?”
“Do you know who Mr. Oscar met?”
“That’s right, branch manager… … .”
“My daughter joined us. She went for a walk arm in arm and then went into the house. Does she really have any clue?”
It was a lie if it wasn’t.
Even if he obtained official recognition, judging from Oscar’s skills, it was impossible to get a job with the association through special recruitment.
“You must be mistaken. The branch manager’s daughter could have just joined us and escorted us.”
Given the circumstances, such an interpretation is possible, but he was not so stupid as to not feel the subtle lines of emotion between a man and a woman.
“I am not lying. If you had seen it in person, you would have believed me.”
Liz was ashamed.
“stop. Why are you doing this? It doesn’t change anything because you’re like this. You know that too, right?”
“Why doesn’t anything change? Oscar-san doesn’t truly love you!”
“Even so, it’s my job! I don’t want to hear anything like this from you! Don’t mess with even the good memories!”
“Seniors… … .”
It must be their secret that no one knows what kind of school days Liz and Nade spent, but that was just a good memory now.
“Stop leaving. I think meeting you was a mistake. Even if Oscar has another woman… … .”
Liz bit her lip and squeezed out the words desperately.
“I will never go to you.”
Feeling the sky collapsing, Nade hung his head and fled helplessly out of Liz’s room.
* * *
“mom! mom!”
Nade was eight years old.
The West family’s fortunes were on the decline, and on their way to the capital to take out a loan, they were attacked by Chickenhead bandits.
The carriage was overturned, and the family members were captured by the bandits and brutally murdered.
Nade’s mother Teria stamped her feet towards the only carriage standing, but was caught by bandits shortly thereafter.
“Khehehe! Where are you going to run away to!”
The chickenhead bandits were all half-mad, and the one who attacked Teria stuck out his piercing-studded tongue.
“Isn’t this a great beauty? From now on you are mine!”
“Kyaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!”
Hearing Teria’s insane screams, Nade attacked the bandits without hesitation.
“Free my mother!”
“Quack. It’s too bad, kid.”
One blow was enough to deal with a mere eight-year-old, he thought.
However, the thieves, who raised their swords, opened their eyes wide when they saw blue electricity flying toward Myung-chi.
“Keugh!”
Shocked, he flew away, and the eyes of those present at the scene of the slaughter focused on the child.
“Magic? A kid like that?”
The driver who was waiting in the carriage shouted.
“Come on, get on!”
The wagon had already started running, and Teria and Nade chased after it with all their might.
Teria rode first, and Nade, who fell behind by a narrow margin, became the prey of the bandits.
“mom! mom!”
Teria’s face turned pale as she watched Nade captured by the thieves in the fast-moving carriage.
“mum… … !”
It was a voice that seemed to contain all human anguish.
“Stop! stop!”
“It’s not possible! Even if we go, there is no way to rescue them! Anyone can call for support once they get out alive!”
“Mom!”
Nade’s screams echoed through the mountains.
* * *
“ha.”
a cold morning.
A sigh emanated from Nade’s mouth as he crouched on the side of the road and looked up at the Dolphin Inn.
No one was passing by, only the diligent birds chirping in the forest far away.
“I knew it would be like this.”
Oscar still hasn’t returned.
I don’t know if he’ll tell Liz that the story has been long, but Nade, who saw the scene of the incident in person, drew all the circumstances.
Of course, it would have been a difficult offer to refuse.
While attending magic school, I know how fiercely wizards compete and how much they crave success.
If the headquarters manager’s daughter flirted with him, he, who came from an infamous family, would have no choice but to be shaken.
‘It doesn’t matter.’
Because the most important thing for everyone is different.
‘Aren’t you thinking about the hurt Liz-senpai will get?’
What was upsetting was Oscar’s handling.
If success comes before love, then what is an engagement and why did Liz bring her here?
‘There must be only one reason.’
Just as Nade’s eyes grew cold, he saw Oscar, wearing a coat, walking from a distance looking exhausted.
He didn’t know what kind of pain he would say in front of Liz, but he didn’t seem guilty as he walked away lightly.
“You are very busy. Going this way and that.”
Oscar turned his head at the sudden quarrel heard on the side of the road, confirmed that it was Nade, and widened his eyes.
“What are you? Did you wait here all night?”
“You look good. Did you have a good talk with the general manager?”
“What, what nonsense are you talking about?”
At first, Oscar was embarrassed, but like a wizard, he quickly judged the situation, and anger soon showed on his face.
“Are you following me? I guess I’m not a lamb. You’re such a nasty bastard, you.”
“Let’s talk for a minute.”
Oscar snorted and turned away.
“why me? And I don’t know what the misunderstanding is, but I just went to the general manager’s house for a contract.”
“If you’re so confident, can I tell you the truth?”
“haha! to Liz? However much. Do you think Liz would believe the words of someone blinded by jealousy like you?”
“no. In the press room.”
Oscar’s expression hardened.
“If what I saw is correct, as a certified mage, you have committed a serious crime that has tarnished the kingdom’s honor. After falling in love with the branch manager’s daughter, he entered the association with that privilege? What will happen if this is known?”
Although he is a self-willed wizard, a public figure who feeds on the nation’s rust has morals to uphold.
“… … What do you want?”
“So you say, let’s talk.”
Oscar made sure no one was around and walked towards Nade.
“good. Go wherever you want.”
When Nade, leaning on Oscar’s shoulder, casts a spatial shift, the flashlight bends with a roar, and the scenery changes.
It was a clearing in the woods on the outskirts of Creas, and Oscar laughed after checking the geography.
“As expected, he’s a lamb. Did you think I would be scared if I brought you to a place like this? Even if you look at public figures as pawns… … Kuck!”
Nade’s fist turned Oscar’s jaw.
“You bastard!”
Oscar’s eyes lit up as he turned his head back, but Nade was no longer there.
Nade, who moved so fast that human nerves couldn’t keep up with him, did his best not to lose his temper.
‘Great!’
However, when the emotions he had suppressed for the present were released, a terrifying intent to kill began to erode his mind.
“Gagging!”
Once again, a fist flew from an unexpected place, and this time Oscar had no choice but to fall.
‘shit! What is it?’
A much more flickering movement than teleportation.
It could be the Unlocker’s proprietary flicker magic, but if it was, Liz would have spoken.
“Don’t act weird and come out! You cowardly child!”
“Who are you talking to?”
Oscar turned his head in the direction of the voice, but to his dismay, the fist flew in the opposite direction.
A fist punched him in the cheek, and Oscar’s body spun and fell to the floor.
All I feel is humiliation.
“Aaaaaaa!”
Oscar, who finally opened his eyes to his murderous intent, opened the distance by teleportation and then equipped his two hands with his long-term fire magic.
“I will kill you!”
I shouted loudly, but I was frustrated because I couldn’t find anyone to vent my anger on.
‘shit! Where the hell are you!’
Nade’s presence was not detected even when the Spirit Zone encroached on a radius of several tens of meters.
‘Is it further away?’
Unexpectedly, a straight punch from an unexpected place sent Oscar rolling to the floor.
“Keugh!”
He spat bloody saliva and fell on his stomach as the sound of quiet cat-like footsteps approached him.
“wake up.”
Contrary to words, what followed was a brutal beating, and as if determined to kill Nade, his feet began to trample Oscar.
“Turn it off!”
As he let out a groan while crouching down, Nade, who slowly opened the distance, immediately ran and kicked him in the pit of the stomach.
“Ah!”
Oscar flipped over and wriggled, and only then did Nade catch his breath, shaking his head.
“wake up.”
It was a magical achievement to be able to control the phenomenon with just this amount of resentment, but the feeling was the worst ever.
“Get up. Please. Don’t let it end here.”
“You, you child… … !”
Nade’s foot kicked him in the jaw as Oscar pushed his limbs off his face.
“Quaaaaagh!”
“wake up.”
Oscar, blinded by the impossible spell, squirmed and crawled and leaned against the trunk of the tree.
“Just lose. If you want to lose, lose.”
There was no way to fight an invisible opponent, so there was nothing to do but gauge the difference in level.
“Is this the last pride? Try struggling at least.”
“joy. Are you just annoying me anyway? You’ll think you stepped on shit, so let go. And get out of my life.”
“I can’t do that. You know I’m a bully, right?”
Oscar’s already painful face crumpled even more.
“Why are you doing this? What are you going to do by ruining me? Wouldn’t it be good for you if I broke up with Liz?”
“Pray. Go to her and beg her. She’s out of her mind, she won’t do that from now on, I hope her hands become her feet.”
Oscar was dazed for a moment.
“Innocent child. So what are you left with? Do you think that pure love will work? What women want is sweet lies, not trivial sincerity.”
“Maybe.”
said Nade, squatting in front of Oscar.
“If I had pretended to be cool, if I hadn’t procrastinated, if I had overused that sweet lie you said, my senior could have come to me.”
Nade’s hand squeezed Oscar’s throat.
“Turn it off!”
“But, there are people who are so precious that you can only treat them sincerely.”
Oscar’s airway was blocked, and his limbs struggled.
“You must have been like that at first. Even the sound of their breath was sweet, and it seemed like their minds would fly away just by looking into their eyes. Do you weigh her against her success?”
Nade’s face contorted like a monster.
“One should have given up. In that sweet lie you said, in the satisfaction of winning a woman’s heart like that… … Do you really have no sense of responsibility?”
‘This bastard is out of his mind.’
In Nade’s eyes, there was a supernatural intent to kill that humans couldn’t contain.
It wasn’t until the thought that I could die here became a reality that the accident started looking for a hole to escape.
‘Yes, I am a public figure. This is self-defense.’
The opponent was a rogue without a wizard license, and he was the one who was beaten one-sidedly.
“okay. Got it. I will do as you ask.”
As Nade slowly backed away, Oscar stroked his bruised neck and asked one last time.
“Do you really have to go this far? I was betting my life on it too. Isn’t it good for each other if we just end it like this?”
“That’s for Liz-senpai to decide. tell the truth and pray You will never get a job at the Magic Association.”
“ha. It’s really frustrating.”
Oscar lowered his head as if resigned, and touched the ring he was wearing with his hand behind his back.
‘If you enter the Spirit Zone, it’s over.’
A certified wizard earning a decent income would carry at least some magic weapon to use in an emergency.
“Yeah, now it seems like Liz is everything in the world. But you’ll know when you get older. As a student, you don’t know… … .”
Oscar threw up his fist.
“The adult world is a harsh law.”
As the Lightning Thunder magic contained in the magic ring was activated, a bolt of lightning fell on the top of Nade’s head.
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 606 - For Someone (4) 1.txt
===============================
[606] To someone (4)
* * *
Liz, who stayed up all night waiting for Oscar, buried her head in the table, leaving the cold coffee unattended.
“ha.”
Even when I came to Creas after taking a long vacation, I had no idea that my heart would be so distraught.
‘He met another woman?’
It was unimaginable until he heard from Nade, but it was true that Oscar did not come unannounced.
‘Nade is not one to lie.’
How did it come to be like this?
I just wanted to see him one last time before making a promise to Oscar for the rest of my life.
“Don’t move!”
In Alchemist Wiz’s warehouse, Nade killed 6 wizards in an instant.
Just as she was about to deal with the one remaining wizard, the concentric circles of flame that restrained Liz flared up.
“Don’t lift a finger. If you do nonsense, this woman will die.”
Time-sharing technology was far from a wizard from the guild, and the only way left was to threaten Nade with Liz as a hostage.
“Sheesh.”
When Nade calmed the electric shock that wrapped around his body, a smile appeared on Wiz’s face.
“it’s okay! Dispose of it!”
The wizard hesitated because he couldn’t cast any other magic while holding Liz.
However, it was foolish to honestly say, ‘I can only do this.’
‘This is why people from the street… … .’
Wiz, who realized from the wizard’s concerned expression, frowned, and soon found a new solution.
‘That’s it!’
If you shoot Nade with the Ultrix, which emits electrical energy, it will burn without a trace.
Liz’s face went pale as Wiz activated the Ultrix.
“Nade! Run away!”
“Shut up.”
The wizard who scared Liz warned Nade.
“Don’t move, if you want to save the woman.”
Having said that, I wondered if the deal was worth it, but surprisingly, Nade took a completely disarmed stance.
“Do whatever you feel like.”
“Nade, why… … ?”
Looking at Liz with an expression of incomprehension, Nade raised the corner of his mouth bitterly.
“Well, why?”
Even for Nade, who recalls the day, the decision at the time remains unknown.
Maybe he just wanted to end it.
“Mr. Wiz! hurry!”
shouted the sorcerer, who thought he had to get rid of Nade before he changed his mind.
In the meantime, powerful electrical energy was condensed at the ejection port of Ultrix, and it was ready to burn the object in front immediately.
“no!”
Liz, who saw Nade exposed to the Ultrix defenseless, made the only choice.
‘I must die.’
As I stepped out of the concentric circles of flame, the flames soared to the ceiling.
“idiot!”
At the same time as Nade shouted, Wiz fired the Ultrix.
“Aww!”
The electricity that jumped out at the speed of light hit Nade, and he closed his eyes tightly, unable to bear to see even the cruel Wiz.
“Great!”
When he opened his eyes to Nade’s moans that were still going on, an unbelievable sight was unfolding even for him, a pensioner with 30 years of experience.
“I-what is that?”
A ruthless electric shock was wrapping around Nade’s body.
“Immune to electricity?”
If it were a human, no, it would be impossible with the body of a creature.
If it’s the only possibility, there’s only one.
“no way?”
At that moment, Nade’s body disappeared like lightning, cutting through the wizard’s flames.
Liz, who was in Nade’s arms before she knew it, lifted her head.
“Nade?”
“Kreurreuk!”
Nade, whose face was covered with veins rising from his neck, was biting his teeth as if desperately holding back something.
“This is nonsense… … .”
The magician finally realized when the flames that had missed their target lost their power and went out.
Spark, which can be said to be the best movement skill in the electric shock class.
However, unlike photon-type teleportation, it was a magic that could not be cast without special equipment because it burned even the wizard’s body.
“Run away. now… … I can’t stand it.”
Nade, who had pushed Liz away, turned away with an uncontrollable murderous intent.
“Blood, avoid!”
The moment Wiz and the wizard scattered in different directions, Nade let out a scream and released the seething power.
At the same time as the warehouse flashed, thousands of electric currents were twisted sharply like wires and pushed forward.
* * *
“you… … this child.”
Nade, struck by Lightning Thunder, bent over, trembled, and raised his head with terrifying eyes.
The moment their eyes met, Oscar felt as if all his blood evaporated.
“How can electricity… … !”
The reaction of those who first encountered Nade’s anomaly was always the same.
And those who are unfamiliar with magic are terrified, but those who are versed in magic are all shocked and think of one thing.
“Magic fairy tale?”
Or call it horsepower match.
As a phenomenon in which the mind of a wizard completely coincided with magic, the anecdote of the ice queen exiled to the Leth Mountains was representative.
However, this is a phenomenon that even a wizard with a normal mindset cannot approach.
This is because magicians are basically people with strong reason, and magical assimilation is the most irrational state of mind, in which the mind matches the phenomena of nature.
That’s why wizards caught in magical fairy tales brought disaster wherever they went, and those words were always miserable.
‘No, it’s impossible.’
Nade apparently had a normal conversation with himself a little while ago.
However, the image of Nade approaching while wrapped in electricity was clearly electricity itself.
“die.”
At Nade’s declaration, Oscar hurriedly cast teleportation.
A lightning bolt fell on the spot where he was bending and devastated a 20-meter radius with an absurd thunder.
“Aaaaaagh!”
A scream erupted spontaneously from Oscar’s mouth as he rolled to the floor in the shockwave.
An electrical accident, not a human accident.
Like the energy of electricity, the only emotion that came to mind in Nade was the natural desire to destroy everything.
“Big!”
A completely distorted face, blood vessels were all protruding, and blue light was radiating from the eyes.
‘Die. really die.’
Destructive instinct without purpose.
The appearance of a natural phenomenon manifesting itself as a human and walking away was exactly the same as the horror Frings had experienced before, and Oscar trembled.
“Buy, buy people… … !”
As the spark was cast, Oscar’s body arrived at a distance of 100 meters.
“Kuk!”
When Nade crashed into the trunk of a tree, a powerful impact hit the back of his head, and a squeezing voice was heard.
“why… … It did?”
The moment he heard that question, Oscar, like Frings, found a glimmer of hope.
‘I still have reason left.’
I don’t know how that is possible, but it was obvious that if I didn’t answer the question, I would die.
“What, what did you say?”
“Why did you bring Liz? If success is so good, wouldn’t it be better if you didn’t bring him in from the beginning? Shouldn’t she have gone to that woman?”
“I told you not to come! I mean conflicted, me too… … . It was the only way for me to join the association, even though I was not from a prestigious background.”
“That doesn’t answer.”
“Really! I mean, I loved Liz too!”
It was sincere, but it was a wrapped truth.
“die.”
Oscar’s heart sank, and his heart sank to the bottom.
“I did it because I didn’t know! It might not go well, and I didn’t want to miss Liz, so I brought her!”
In the face of human weakness, which cannot be said to be bad, Nade’s power grew stronger.
“Please save me. If you kill me, Liz won’t even know I cheated on you. I will resent you!”
That kind of thing was good.
What Nade really feared was the guilt of killing the man she loved.
“Big!”
However, the phenomenon of magic assimilation, which he desperately suppressed, was destroying Nade’s spirit as if he had reached the limit of his patience.
“go. quickly here… … .”
The moment Nade’s hands gave out and Oscar collapsed, the final limit was cut.
“Quaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!”
The screams of Oscar as he struggled and crawled on his limbs were drowned out by the din of electric shocks exploding in all directions.
“Sah, save people!”
Electricity slammed after him like the fangs of a beast.
I was already insane, and I didn’t even notice that my pants were damp from incontinence.
Oscar breathed like a beast and turned his head to see Nade, completely engulfed in electricity, rushing at him with white eyes radiating.
“Aaaaaaaaa!”
The moment the most miserable scream in my life broke out, someone rushed at me like the wind.
“Nade!”
When Shirone, who blocked Oscar’s way, cast a beam, Nade cast a spark and moved at a right angle.
As soon as the first curtain touched her skin, Shirone was dazed at the unusual reaction speed that she evaded.
“Eruki! hurry!”
When Shirone called, Eruki immediately landed and took Oscar with him.
They were waiting for Nade, who was killing him at the Dolphin Inn, from afar, and when he took Oscar and cast space movement, they heard an explosion and ran all the way here.
“Shirone! Avoid you too!”
As long as the magical assimilation phenomenon had already occurred, there would be no distinction between friends and family to Nade.
“Nade! it’s me! Wake!”
Shirone shouted without giving up, and Nade disappeared at the same time.
The sound of gripping exploded, and Nade, who had come in front of me before I knew it, tore off half of Shirone’s face with his hand.
A second in the future until hearing the sound of a face being crushed by a powerful electric shock and exploding.
‘Poems of fire!’
Shirone hurriedly turned his face back and saw Nade’s hand clawing past him.
Without time to think about anything else, after casting teleportation after another, Shirone stepped back 30 meters and stopped with her hand on the ground.
“Heo-eok! Huh! Huh!”
My heart was beating like crazy and my whole body was shaking as if I had been electrocuted.
One of the two legs supporting the weight gave way and snapped.
‘That’s why I said no.’
Eruki, who was already out of range, clicked his tongue.
The current Nade was magic, not a wizard, and electricity, not a human.
The electricity that has been distorted with murderous intent.
‘It’s not horror. My friend.’
Anyone would feel absolute fear in front of Nade, but Shirone did not give up and got up.
“Nade! It’s me, Shirone! Please come to your senses!”
“Shirone… … .”
The light in one of Nade’s eyes went out, and a human-like voice leaked out.
“Nade! come to my senses… … !”
“Kuaaaaa!”
But it was short-lived, and Nade cast the spark magic again, spreading the plasma thickly on the floor.
The spectacle of lightning flashing everywhere and the grotesque distorting and blending of natural phenomena seemed to me like a scene from somewhere in the distant universe.
“How could that be?”
Oscar, who watched the battle with a distraught expression, murmured.
‘A senior year student?’
His pride as a wizard rose as he got public recognition, but he had never even thought that such a ruthless and unreasonable fight could exist.
‘Are you still friends?’
Eruki also looked at him in awe this time.
Being able to face Nade’s transcendent murderous intent head-on proves that Shirone’s spirit is also at the highest level beyond the fear of nature.
‘But Shirone, you know?’
Even so, it was good to end this fight even for a second.
“There is no limit to magic assimilation.”
“Aaaaaaa!”
Nade, who couldn’t catch Shirone, let out a scream, and the electric shock exploded and burned everything.
“Die! We will die!”
Oscar couldn’t even think of avoiding the waves of electricity that surged like a tidal wave.
‘I can’t stop this!’
Looking at the gigantic natural phenomenon, Shirone stretched her arms behind her.
‘Yes, Eruki. Seeing it in person is definitely different.’
He had no choice but to admit that to stop Nade, he too would have to be prepared to die.
“Golden Armed Forces!”
The moment Shirone shouted as he grabbed Armand’s handle, Nade rushed at him with thunder.
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 607 - For someone (5) 2.txt
===============================
[607] To someone (5)
At the moment when Armand’s blade wrapped around Shirone’s body formed the skeleton, a sense of difference in speed occurred.
Unlike the robe that covered her body unknowingly when she activated Diamond Armament, Shirone could clearly feel the flow of fibers emanating from the blade, and Nade, on the other hand, was approaching at too fast a speed.
‘I can’t make it on time.’
Nade’s claws scratched Shirone’s face from the top of his head before he even transformed into the state of armed with diamonds.
‘I have to turn it back!’
As soon as the Buddha statue exploded, the reality of burning her face dissipated into a nightmare that never happened, and her fingernails passed in front of Shirone’s eyes as he bent his upper body wide.
It was as if lightning were falling.
“this… … !”
He evaded the attack by returning one second of the past to reality, but Armand also reversed the incident to the state before activating Diamond Armament.
‘Let’s run away!’
He tried his best to cast teleportation, but the spark magic jumped through space like the movement of electrons and stuck Nade in the destination.
“Big!”
As if he couldn’t stand the saturated state of electricity himself, Nade again rained lightning all over the place.
As the spirit zone perfectly matched electricity, the power realized was beyond artificiality, and as all the charges in the atmosphere were discharged, a huge thunderbolt struck the ground.
Qurrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr!
There is no reason.
It’s just a giant thunderbolt.
“shit! What the hell did you do to get to that point!”
Eruki shouted as he rolled down the hillside while hugging Oscar.
If your mind had already been assimilated with electricity, even escaping would be impossible.
“I am… … I did not know.”
Oscar, who had eaten Nade with thunderbolts, servilely made excuses, but there was no room for anger at him.
“Here! We have to save Shirone!”
As Eruki climbed the hillside, he saw Shirone, who looked as if he would be burned by Nade’s hands at any moment.
‘That can’t even be canceled.’
Only God can.
“Nade! Wake!”
Shirone shouted without giving up, but now even his voice could not be heard.
A thunderstorm struck and Nade, dressed in plasma, suddenly approached.
‘Golden Armed Forces!’
As soon as he recognized the future one second later with the explosion of the statue of Buddha, the golden body line unfolded grotesquely, including Armand’s numerous changes.
“Huh!”
Armand was equipped with a hair’s breadth, and Akamai, equipped with an artificial brain, activated the antithesis.
‘It doesn’t work.’
Taking the will away from an unmotivated being didn’t change anything, and Nade’s claw struck his side.
“Keugh!”
The silver metal, the ringer’s upper, stood out at the place where the fingernails were stamped, but the shock of the electric shock coming through the conductor was considerable.
‘Santan movement!’
Seven photon cannons, excluding Shirone, spread all over the place, but none of them could even touch Nade’s hair.
‘then… … !’
After widening the distance, Shirone gritted her teeth and swung her tentacles.
The two tentacles swayed, creating black afterimages, and then attacked Nade so quickly that they could not be seen.
chin! Tentacles caught on Nade’s arm, which crossed in an X with a noise.
“what… … !”
As I clenched my fists, the burnt tentacles snapped with a thud.
‘That’s the problem.’
Eruki bit his lip.
The power of magic assimilation was close to a disaster, but what was more serious was the fairy tale itself.
‘I didn’t catch it by looking at it with my own eyes.’
Reaction after sensory acceptance.
For example, it was as if a stone flying from behind reacted the moment it touched her hair and avoided it.
‘That’s the fear of 100 percent affinity.’
If the spirit zone were electricity, the reaction speed of the senses would have already surpassed the realm of living things.
This was the basis for Eruki’s judgment that the current sironero would be difficult to catch Nade.
“Kuaaa!”
Still, there are drawbacks.
The more Nade’s control power is eroded by magic assimilation, the farther away he is from human thinking.
As expected, he didn’t move even when he was breathing, and he was sucking up the charge of the plasma according to the providence of nature.
“Nade! please… … !”
Thousands of wire-like lightning bolts flashed from Nade’s body.
While Shirone and Eruki briefly raised their heads at the blindingly intense light, Nade arrived in front of Oscar before he knew it.
“Aww! Save people!”
Shirone and Eruki jumped at the same time, but Nade’s hand was already aiming at Oscar with electricity.
“Nade! no!”
“Kuaaaaa!”
Just as Nade was about to burn Oscar’s skull, Eruki shouted.
“It’s the life Liz gave me!”
The electricity around Nade flickered and the claw stopped right in front of Oscar’s eyes.
“Huhhhh!”
Eruki shouted again while Oscar, who had already lost his mind, burst into tears like a child and shook his limbs.
“If you cross the line, you can never come back!”
The electric charge surrounding Nade began to stabilize.
“Senior Liz… … .”
A hoarse voice leaked out.
“It was my everything.”
“Help me! Please save me!”
It’s just holding on with reason, and even a wizard is afraid of death.
And the only thing left for Oscar, who had already lost his reason, was the instinct to protect the pitiful life.
“That bastard, you really controlled it.”
The violence of Magic Fairy Tale awakened by lightning was on a different level from what Eruki had seen, but Nade suppressed it again this time.
“Shirone.”
As he looked back at Shirone, a foreign memory popped up in Nade’s mind.
‘I was going to kill you.’
Nade said tearfully to Shirone, who was wearing Armand’s robe and was closely guarded.
“Sorry. Sorry.”
As soon as he finished speaking, Nade collapsed on his knees.
“Nade! Wake! Nade!”
Shirone ran and shook him, but only a single tear fell from his closed eyes.
* * *
“Mmm.”
The first thing Nade saw when he woke up was the dormitory ceiling flickering between his eyelids.
“… … .”
I didn’t even think about getting up as I tried to reconnect the scattered thoughts in my head.
“uh? Eruki! Nade woke up!”
Shirone entered through the door and called to Eruki in the hallway.
“what? Really.”
Eruki’s smiling face came into Nade’s field of vision, who was still motionless.
“Did you sleep well?”
“… … How long has it been?”
Shirone said.
“A day and a half. It’s dinner soon.”
“okay… … .”
Nade, who was deep in thought again, asked after a while.
“What about Oscar?”
“I am alive.”
Nade thought this would be the most curious.
“No, I remember. How did it go?”
Shirone exchanged glances with Eruki.
“I went to the plaza in the morning and looked it up, and it was posted on the bulletin board. Oscar-san passed the special recruitment.”
“… … .”
There is no way to know whether he was obsessed with it to the end even after going through the uproar or if things were handled naturally because he was distracted, but it is probably the former.
“Oscar is a wizard too, so you must have made the best decision.”
“okay. Adults… … You have a very hard life.”
said Eruki.
“There is nothing more important than the matter of eating and living.”
“I talked to you for a while after you passed out, but Mr. Oscar didn’t mean to do that from the beginning. I was going to come alone after receiving a proposal from the daughter of the general manager at a social gathering in the capital, but Mr. Liz was stubborn and even took a vacation… … .”
“It was to meet me.”
Nade understood her feelings.
“What do you want to do now? Would you like to go to the press room with us? If you don’t get upset… … .”
Nade’s head turned to the side.
“It doesn’t matter anyway. Whether or not to join the association. I’m just worried about senior Liz. You should have left by now, right?”
“I guess so. You should know about Mr. Oscar now.”
Nade closed his eyes.
“Let me rest a little longer. I’m tired.”
Shirone pulled the blanket up to her neck.
“Okay, sleep a little longer. We’ll have dinner and bring some of your own.”
There was no answer, and Shirone and Eruki cautiously left the room.
1 hour after that.
Shirone opened the door with dinner on a plate.
“Nade, eat some of this. what?”
Therefore, Eruki who entered also looked around blankly.
The blankets were folded neatly, and the curtains fluttered in the wind coming in from the open windows.
* * *
‘I’m sure you’ve already left… … .’
Nevertheless, Nade headed to the Dolphin Inn.
Although he had already emptied his mind, his heart sank the moment he looked inside through the window of the inn.
“Senior Liz… … .”
I could see the back of Liz, who was sitting at the bar with her head bowed, with empty bottles standing next to her.
Nade’s tears welled up at the thought that she still had something here.
“That woman… … Aren’t you drinking too much?”
“Leave it alone. It must have been a broken heart.”
Listening to the whispers behind her, Liz emptied her strong drink again.
Her body bent on its own, and only her slender wrists were precariously supporting her heavy head.
“why… … .”
Did he come here with Oscar?
At the peak of happiness ahead of the engagement ceremony with the person you love, why was he the person who came to mind?
“Big!”
The warehouse was blown away without a trace, and Wiz and the wizard were nowhere to be seen.
Nade, struck by Ultrix’s electric shock, could not suppress the murderous intent that boiled from his mind.
‘shit! This is my first time!’
Occasionally, magic assimilation occurs instinctively, but the electric shock coming from outside was uncontrollable.
“Aaaaaaa!”
As electricity discharged, Liz’s surroundings burned black.
“Run away!”
Nade desperately suppressed his strength and squeezed out his words.
“Nade! What happened?”
“Go quickly! If you stay here, you will die too!”
“Then what do you do?”
I couldn’t run away from the person who saved my life.
“doesn’t care. Anyway I… … .”
Nade, who had come to an idea somewhere, said with a twisted corner of his mouth.
“Because he’s not worth living for.”
Abandoned by his family and turned into a monster, he had no meaning in life.
“no. I will go with you.”
Liz approached after making up her mind.
“it’s crazy? Don’t come closer.”
The moment it touches your body, you will be electrocuted, and unless you are in a magical assimilation state, you will not be able to withstand it.
“You just have to be patient. You are still holding back.”
Liz slowly reached out and put a hand on Nade’s shoulder.
“Aww!”
As I desperately suppressed my strength at the thought that I couldn’t kill her, vicious veins appeared on my face.
“stop… … please. I can’t stand it any longer… … .”
“Then we will die together.”
Liz, who confirmed that it worked, closed her eyes tightly and hugged Nade tightly.
“Aaaaaaa!”
At the same time, Nade, who blocked the release of electricity, struggled in pain.
“Let go! Just go!”
“you can do it! Cheer up a little more!”
“There is no reason to live anyway! A guy like me would rather die!”
“There is no reason to live! You saved me!”
“Idiot, that’s… … .”
Liz kissed her as she spread her limbs in a mental explosion.
“Huh!”
As the soft woman’s lips were transmitted through the nerves of his whole body, his runaway mind began to regain stability little by little.
Nade hugged Liz around the waist, and the two of them shuddered at the limitless freedom, leaving everything to each other’s actions.
blue electricity.
Liz defined it that way.
It was her first kiss that will forever remain as an afterimage no matter how much time passes.
“Black! Whoops!”
Liz’s shoulders shook sadly as she buried her face in her arms, and Nade, who watched from outside the window, covered her face with her palms and shed tears.
“Aww. Aaaaaa.”
No sweet lies needed.
“Ughhh. Whoops.”
There was a time when it was good just to like it.
“Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa. Aaaaaa.”
Numerous things I had to miss because I was innocent.
Leaving all of that behind, Nade’s brightest school days were coming to an end.
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 608 - Five Prestiges (1) 1.txt
===============================
[608] Top 5 Prestiges (1)
Winter has arrived.
Alpheas looked down at the snow-covered school scene and turned around from the window and asked.
“An official notice came down from the association?”
“Look for yourself.”
Olivia’s crisp papers on the desk caught my eye.
It was said that the graduating class of the 5 prestigious magic schools had to hand over their personal graduation test participation form to the association.
“This could also be a variable.”
It was none other than the beginning of the final 30-week evaluation.
At this time of year, students’ minds become sharp as blades, and they adjust their biorhythms so that their physical condition peaks on the day of the graduation exam.
In the midst of that, going to the Magic Association in the capital must have been quite stressful.
“Are students even using them for politics?”
It happened when Lufist, who had taken over Gaold’s place, officially became the head of the Magic Association.
“You should see that. Rufist is a person with an elite-first philosophy. He will be part of a plan to manage students who will join the association in the future from now on.”
That’s why I narrowed the scope to only five prestigious ones.
“Isn’t it serious though? To change the work that was replaced at school until last year in this way. Wouldn’t the backlash be formidable?”
“It’s a kind of display of power. Rufist’s connections are excellent, but he doesn’t completely dominate the Association.”
“It seems that Gaold’s influence has grown without realizing it.”
“He was a madman, but he was the strongest wizard in the kingdom. Even if he criticizes his actions on the surface, there must have been quite a few wizards who internally cheered him on.”
Gaold was such a man.
“okay. Politics should be left to the politicians, and we teachers should work for the students.”
Collie, who had been listening to the conversation, opened her mouth.
“Once we send 30 people to the association, we also have to fill the tio. Currently, Anchal has withdrawn and one position is vacant, and Eider must also make a decision.”
Eider, who suffered a full-body fracture in Syrone’s ataraxia during the hill occupation evaluation, was still hospitalized in the school medical ward.
The treatment was over, but the problem was the mind.
“According to the duty teacher, the trauma is almost cured. Eider is also showing enthusiasm to participate in the graduation exam.”
“Hmm.”
The senior class was given the right to participate in the graduation exam, and if they wanted to use their authority, it was something that even the school couldn’t stop.
“But aren’t you too young? The fact that it took more than half a year for treatment means that the trauma was severe.”
Alpheas also agreed with Olivia.
“Let me check one last time. If there is no problem, raise one applicant from the advanced class to fill Tio. If you qualify in order of grades, it should be fine.”
“yes. I will leave it to Siena-sensei.”
Collie bowed her head and left the principal’s office.
* * *
As usual, Shirone sat cross-legged on the floor of the study meeting.
Since the upper layer of Istas no longer existed, he came here every day to conduct a sequence ceremony.
‘Believe in the power of the day.’
Nade, who had finished heartburn, was also being evaluated normally, and the students who paid the price of Scramble Royale were also dropping their grades smoothly.
Now, there are only 10 days left until the graduation exam.
All the training I’ve done so far was nothing more than a process to see the results of the day.
“Big!”
When the sequence of events exceeded 200 views, Shirone’s face crumpled terribly.
He entered the Gyeong unit and manifested the poetry of the Buddha statue, and now he has come 200 times farther than that.
Even so, it was still a long way to go beyond the sutra and enter the realm of the sun.
‘It’s amazing. There is no end.’
I stretched out my hand to catch it, but all I could see was a tunnel of numbers running forever.
-There is an end to numbers.
As I accelerated the sequence ceremony while recalling the words of the guffin that I still couldn’t understand, the time period that filled the study center lingered around and distorted the landscape so that even its shape could not be discerned.
‘Goes!’
will stretch out endlessly.
“Shirone, are you inside?”
Then a knock was heard and Siena opened the door and came in.
“uh? What are you doing?”
Shirone, who first recognized the future of one second, stopped the ceremony and greeted Siena calmly.
“huh. At the request of Mr. Collie. Can you go somewhere with me for a while?”
“Yes, of course.”
Siena felt nostalgic as she watched Shirone get up from her seat.
‘You’ve really grown a lot.’
Memories of receiving attention from teachers in the entrance test came to mind.
It was truly amazing that a boy who was far from magic and only knew how to do Spirit Zone had grown into a top-ranked graduate.
‘Well, I’m a teacher in this mood.’
Shirone, wearing a winter coat, asked.
“But where are you going?”
“To the medical ward rehabilitation training center. I have something to help you with. I’ll tell you the details as we go.”
As she followed Siena to the medical ward, Shirone listened to everything.
“Oh, then it will take two days.”
“huh. But the travel time won’t be too long. I’m going to the capital by a space movement magic circle from the Kreas branch of the Magic Association.”
The long-distance space movement magic circle was a key device for the kingdom’s security, so no one could use it except for public affairs.
“The kids who get evaluated must have heard from Mr. Collie. You need to have clothes to wear at the review ceremony, so prepare them in advance.”
The rehabilitation training center was set up on the second basement floor of the ward.
In a space of about 80 pyeong, various rehabilitation tools were provided along the walls, and Eider, wearing a patient uniform, was standing next to the medical teacher.
“Eider.”
A student who contained the wickedness of a snake in a cute smile.
I still vividly recall the joy of beating Maya one-sidedly.
“uh? It’s been a while, Shirone hyung.”
Eider greeted him with the same smile, but since he had already grasped the truth, he couldn’t welcome it.
“Ah, can’t it be that you’re still keeping things from that time? I’m so sorry. I messed around without even knowing the subject.”
Sometimes I felt that Shirone was too harsh on Eider, but it was also a regret that came from the freedom of a strong man who had more choices than before.
“okay. I heard about it. You want to take the graduation exam?”
“of course. I am also in my senior year.”
Shirone also understood his feelings.
If you give up here, you have to repeat the year from the beginning.
“Coincidentally, I decided to help with the rehab test.”
The source of Eider’s trauma was Shirone, so he was the right person.
“yes. I heard i look forward to.”
Meanwhile, Siena and the duty teacher were reviewing the documents in the corner.
“Rehabilitation has been successful. The illusion of seeing the light without having nightmares is gone. but… … .”
“but?”
“It disappeared so neatly. I didn’t catch anything strange in the interview, but I guess it’s the doctor’s touch?”
“Are you saying Eider is cheating?”
“I called Shirone to confirm that.”
Siena nodded and turned around.
“I am going to test it now. If Shirone reproduces the situation at the time, the duty teacher will check Eider’s condition.”
Eider’s face stiffened slightly.
“What was the situation at the time?”
“don’t worry. Because it’s not really attacking. can you?”
“Yes, of course. Everything is fine.”
That’s how the final test began, and Eider and Shirone stood facing each other at the end of the rehabilitation room.
‘Ataraxia.’
When a colorful magic circle was born above his head, Eider’s self-confident expression became noticeably pale.
“It’s okay, Eider. It’s natural to be afraid. You just have to hold on, so there is no need to be nervous.”
From the teacher’s point of view, it was natural to want to give Eider, who had worked hard and reached the graduating class, a chance.
Shirone has moved on to the next level.
‘Photon Cannon.’
The moment a golden orb popped up and vibrated in front of his eyes, Eider’s facial muscles twisted as he felt.
“Aaaaaaa!”
Eider, who had left his seat, put his head in the corner and crouched down, shouting.
“I see the light, the light! teacher!”
The illusion disappeared, but it could not overcome the light of reality.
After annihilating the Photon Cannon and Ataraxia, Shirone looked back at the duty teacher with a bitter expression.
After thinking about it for a while, she shook her head and inscribed the words “Rehabilitation Request” in the personal information section.
* * *
“Good job.”
Collie said at the gathering of all 28 seniors.
“This is the end of the first year of the senior year.”
There was no applause or cheers.
They trained their minds without missing a day for 30 weeks, and the only emotion they felt was tension that made them vomit.
“As you know, the current senior year Tio has two seats left. After a week of screening, two students from the advanced class came up, so welcome them.”
When Collie turned her head, Mark and Maria, who were ranked first and second in the advanced class, came up to the podium.
“Hello, Mark. It’s late, but it’s an honor to be able to take the graduation exam together.”
“hello. This is Maria. i look forward to.”
In the senior class, there was no concept of seniors and juniors, but Maria politely bowed her head as per her personality.
nobody cared
The evaluation was already over, and at the point where only the fight was left, relationships were not important.
“First and second place in the advanced class. Isn’t that too much?”
Anyone who went through the graduating year’s evaluation process would think that way.
“Still, you never know. Those two have been taking private lessons from Mr. Thaad.”
If a certified 6th grade wizard had taught them himself, there was no way he would have been able to digest only the advanced level of training.
‘Shirone-senpai.’
Mark met Shirone’s eyes.
While experiencing the senior exams in advance had significant benefits, it also had significant psychological risks.
Nevertheless, the reason Mark chose to go to his senior year was because Shirone was there.
‘If not now… … .’
When will you compete with Shirone again?
The reason why he was able to rise from Class 7 to Class 4 at 1st place at super high speed was because he ran after Shirone.
‘I’ll learn a lesson, senior. and… … .’
Mark turned to Maria.
‘We will be graduating this time.’
That was the reason I was able to convince Maria.
It was judged that if it was a combination play refined by Thaad’s special training, the final ranking of 10th place would be within range, even if it was not in the top ranks.
“Then I will explain the schedule for tomorrow.”
Marc and Maria went down the podium and Cole listened to the official document.
“Leave at 6:00 in the morning, finish preparations by 5:00 in the morning. Wake up time is 4:00.”
It was because of the security regulations of the long-distance space movement magic circle.
“As for clothing, everyone wears a suit. The length of the skirt must be 5 cm below the knee. Men must wear white shirts, women must wear white blouses, matte shoes, no accessories other than school badges, and all women must have their hair up.”
Sabina raised her hand.
“Why do only women wear buns? A lot of men have long hair too.”
Women who had to do a lot of work as much as they had to get up at dawn were bound to be dissatisfied.
“It is a rule set by the president of the association. If you have a complaint, make a formal complaint to the association.”
With that alone, he could guess Lufist’s personality.
“By the time you arrive at the Society, your clothes should not be crumpled. Do not run, and refrain from bending over or rotating your arms.”
The eyes of the students who were already under a lot of stress due to the graduation exams were wide open.
“Wouldn’t it be better to just stuff it and take it?”
“That’s it. It should arrive at the association undisturbed, as if it were stuffed. As you all know, at noon tomorrow, all 150 students from the graduating class from the five most prestigious schools in the kingdom will gather together.”
Only then did the eyes of the students change.
“Of course, how many people will look closely, but the flaws are easy to spot. Never look disheveled. It is about the honor of the school.”
It couldn’t be seen as inferior to other prestigious schools.
“Get some rest today. Go to bed early and see you in the morning.”
“yes!”
The students’ voices were louder than usual.
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 609 - Five Great Prestiges (2) 1.txt
===============================
[609] Top 5 Prestiges (2)
* * *
Waking up like a knife at 4:00 am, Shirone pulled back the blanket and stood up from the bed.
It was still dark, but I could hear the comrades bustling in the hallway.
The sound of life seemed to awaken the stillness of the night and invigorate the body.
After going into the bathroom and washing herself in warm water, Shirone stood in front of the mirror wearing only her underwear.
‘Didn’t I have to cut my hair?’
When you devote yourself to magic all day long, nothing matters except eating and sleeping.
‘This is the start.’
Every time I buttoned up my shirt, it felt like my determination was being reborn.
Aryan Shirone (27th place in the senior class).
Specialty: God Particle class of photon magic.
Special note: Immortal function. Vanya. Ataraxia. Elysion. Awareness of time destruction through the explosion of Buddha statue.
‘Should I reduce it one more level?’
Amy pulled the buttons on her skirt as far as she could.
I lost more weight than a year ago, and even though I tucked the blouse inside, it was tight like an ant’s waist.
‘The second graduation exam.’
Even when she was eliminated last year, she had no idea how to endure a year.
‘I did my best.’
Time comes eventually.
When the day finally came, I didn’t want to regret it, so the days I desperately trained every day finally came to a sense of pleasure.
‘Because I couldn’t have prepared more perfectly than this.’
However, the odds of success are 1 in 3.
Still glaring at the top of the pyramid, Amy put her headband in her mouth and raised her head.
Karmis Amy (fourth place in the senior class).
Specialty: Fire-type sniper.
Special: Jack O’Lantern. A painter using the spirit’s battery. Red-faced self-image backup ability. Enhancing magical power through samadhi.
Fermi, who clicked and buttoned up the sleeves of his suit, looked at himself in the mirror.
I always wore a suit, so there was no awkward feeling.
‘I guess I’ll have to stop doing business with students this year.’
Since even the golden ring was dismantled, it was a group of people hoping for a big profit from the school.
‘I think it’s time to leave, mother.’
The money received as a reward for extracting the Valhalla action will be transformed into numerous high-ranking magics and will be presented in the graduation exam.
Fermi winked at himself in the mirror.
“Is it tidy?”
It was time for the big fish that had been crouching under the surface of the school to go out into the big water.
Ardino Fermi (final ranking 1st in senior class).
Major: Eating out.
Special note: Ability to collect magic through trading of depreciation.
“End with this.”
Arin attached the Alpheas Magic School badge to Canis’ suit.
As if it had permeated his clothes, Harvest, a magical creature, stood up revealing a shadow.
“Cheuk, I thought I was dying waiting. Are you finally leaving the damn school?”
“You never feel bored.”
“That’s what it says. You really have been at this school for over a year. If Arcane had heard, he would have hit the ground and wailed.”
‘Master.’
Canis remembered the face of Archmage Arcane, who was an authority on dark magic.
The end wasn’t good, but because of him, I was able to get a chance at a new life.
Canis (12th place in the senior class final).
Major: Physics of dark magic.
Special note: Disciple of Archmage Arcane. Detoxification of the Book of Light and Darkness. Subordinate the Harvest, a magical creature.
“Yes, I will definitely pass. Both of us, both.”
Arin smiled at Canis’ words.
I didn’t know it because I always wore cheap clothes, but she exuded a surprisingly mature beauty in a neat uniform.
“It’s nice, Canis.”
“You are pretty too. however… … How do you mean you look cool?”
Arin tilted his head and smiled.
“That’s a secret.”
Arin (ranked 8th in the graduating class).
Specialization: Psychology of Dark Magic.
Special note: Disciple of Archmage Arcane. Detoxification of the Book of Light and Darkness. Extreme mental assimilation ability to grasp the essence of form through menarche.
“Shirone, are you ready?”
Following the knocking sound, Eruki’s voice was heard.
“huh. Get out now.”
Eruki and Nade were waiting for me when I opened the door.
“Oh, is it cool?”
It was the first time that Shirone, as well as Eruki and Nade, wore uniforms that conformed to the Association’s regulations.
“You too. People look different.”
Certainly, Eruki’s face seemed grotesque to others, but now it also seemed like a personality.
“Current time 4:50:32. let’s go The time the association opens the long-distance space movement magic circle is only one hour.”
Mercodyne Eruki (5th place in the senior class).
Specialization: Detonation of explosive magic.
Special note: Servant Syndrome. Ultra-fast detonation equation calculation. cancellation. A Nuclear Fusion that fuses the Double Spirit Zone.
“okay.”
Shirone left the door and looked back at Nade.
“however… … Are you okay?”
Oscar works at the Creas branch of the Magic Association.
Meeting him at a point where the wounds in his heart had not yet healed was poison to Nade.
“are you okay. It’s already over.”
Nade was smiling, but he couldn’t hide his bitter expression.
West Nade (21st in final rankings for seniors).
Specialization: Blitz series of electric magic.
Special note: Application of magic engineering to alchemy. Assimilation of mana that can be controlled under certain circumstances.
‘Still, I made it to the 21st place.’
This was possible because all 5 of the Scramble Royale participants, excluding Anchal, dropped their ranks below Nade.
Also, thanks to this, the rankings of students who were in the lower ranks also resulted in a significant rise.
‘It’s all jumbled up. To be honest, rankings would be meaningless if this were the case.’
The son-in-law was dark when he arrived at the meeting place, but the location was easily identified as the arriving students turned on the lighting magic.
“Did you come out early?”
Amy came closer, raising her hand.
Shirone and her friends, who were about to greet each other, were unable to speak for a while in an adult atmosphere they had never seen before.
“what? why are you looking at me like that You are the same.”
It was awkward, too, for Amy.
“A conquest call. The president of the Magic Association is also an eccentric.”
Cayden has arrived.
After the ring of gold was dismantled, the only person he spoke to was Amy.
“what? But you… … ?”
Amy looked back at Cayden and pointed at the cross sword she was wearing around her waist.
“Because it is the symbol of the family. You should always wear it.”
Shirone asked.
“But the official document said you couldn’t carry any equipment at all. So I’m taking Kubrick too?”
When Cayden lifted the cross sword and cast magic, the blade shone brightly and disappeared.
“alchemy?”
Nade noticed immediately.
“I didn’t use it last year because it was annoying, but now I have a reason to leave school.”
Amy looked at me curiously as Cayden made a cross sword by forging the metal again.
“you’re good. When did you learn it?”
“At dawn this morning. Of course it made it easier.”
“it’s annoying. Shall I kill you?”
It was Amy who let her thoughts come out of her mouth, but Caden just laughed.
Cross Cayden (26th in the senior class finals).
Specialty: Magic swordsman.
Special: Law of the Red Cross. Unleash 100% potential in all fields through sacrifice.
“Hello, senior!”
Mark’s voice roared the stillness of dawn.
“okay. How are you feeling?”
“It is the best. There is no tension at all.”
Mark’s aggressiveness felt on the bridge he couldn’t cross was acknowledged, and that’s why he would have challenged the graduation exam.
“Okay, let’s work hard. And since it’s senior year, you can omit the title of senior.”
“I know. That is until today. I will beat you in the graduation exam.”
Slider Mark (29th in final rankings for seniors).
Major: Earth magic strike class.
Special note: Thaad’s apprentice. matchmaker. Militancy without taboos.
‘Well, there’s no way the decision was made without any plan.’
Having nothing to lose was a psychological weapon.
Also, Mark had Maria, who was the only one in his senior year majoring in recovery magic.
“Maria, do your best.”
“thank you. Actually, I’m not… … .”
His docile personality was still the same, but it was different from the previous appearance when he trembled in fear when he activated the engine device of the bridge that he couldn’t cross.
“Because I’ve grown up in the meantime.”
Erland Maria (final class 30th place).
Specialty: High-speed activation series of recovery magic.
Special note: Thaad’s apprentice. Students in the advanced class for the longest period of time, can use advanced magic in each class.
“Dante is coming.”
Everyone turned their heads at someone’s words.
The designation was Dante, but it included Sabina and Closer, who transferred together from the Royal Magic School.
Closer, who confirmed the muster place, turned his head.
“… … How was it, Alpheas Magic School?”
Looking at the sky at dawn, Dante recalled the journey of a year and a half.
“At first I found it funny.”
Then, after being defeated by Shirone in 2,000 battles, he waited for the day of reunion to come.
“Because the competition was fiercer than expected.”
It was an average of 3.8 times higher than other prestigious schools.
“Whatever… … I don’t think there was anything special about it. It was just as boring.”
Eirhein Dante (second place in the senior class final).
Specialization: Information series of photon magic.
Special note: Olivia’s apprentice. Genius information entropy analysis (capable of calculating the information entropy of each individual in a colony of ants). Integrated information processing system Pascal operation.
Boyle rolled his eyes as Dante arrived.
“What is it? You who are so fashion-conscious follow the rules like a knife. Isn’t it scary for the world’s Dante to go to the association?”
Dante scanned Boyle’s outfit up and down.
Her hair was neatly combed with pomade and she was wearing a suit that fit her chubby body.
“Originally, not wearing clothes like this is fashion. Shall we call it a face-to-face match?”
Boyle’s face turned red as he lost the sword fight.
“Hey, let’s see if I can be confident even after the exam is over. If you think that the number of summons you’ve shown so far is all, you’re mistaken.”
Chris Boyle (#17 final grade senior).
Specialization: Summoning magical beast class.
Uniqueness: Special affinity for beast species. Has a total of 18 summons.
‘Of course.’
Since he was a talented person who had maintained first place in the advanced class until Shirone came, he must have been hiding his trumpeted number of summons.
Meanwhile, Mark did not take his eyes off Closer.
‘How dare you feed me shit?’
When Dante and the others were just transferred from school, they were beaten by Closer’s cowardly move, and they woke up even in their sleep.
‘That too in front of Maria.’
Closer caught his gaze and bared his teeth.
“Hey, how are you feeling? The long-awaited graduating class has finally come? Of course, three thousand but.”
“Anyway, it’s on the same ship.”
“Geuk, even if it’s an earth type, you and I are on different levels.”
“Can I tell you a secret? The reason I chose the land type was to defeat you.”
Closer’s eyes widened.
“Then I will make a prophecy. The worst dropout in the graduation exam will be you. I will make it.”
Bonifar Closer (final class 15th place).
Major: Earth magic class of earth magic.
Special note: Olivia’s disciple. A type of alchemy, capable of shaping earth and sand.
‘Ugh, the smell of forage.’
Regardless of the fight between the two fistfighters, Sabina approached Nade as soon as she arrived at the muster.
“hi?”
No one seemed to notice, but only she knew that Nade’s mood had subtly changed.
Victor Savina (14th place in the senior class).
Specialization: Blow type of air magic.
Special note: Olivia’s apprentice. Aerodynamics can be adjusted using the press series.
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 610 - Five Prestiges (3).txt
===============================
[610] Five Great Prestiges (3)
“Okay, hello.”
Nade said hello.
Unlike before, there was no feeling of avoidance, but rather it seemed to push Sabina away.
“What happened?”
True to his personality, he asked honestly, but Nade just smiled bitterly.
Knowing Sabina’s feelings, she wanted to be honest, but the hurt she received from doing so was sure to be poison for the graduation exam.
“I want you to graduate.”
Nade was sincere.
Because he was one of the few people who accepted his true self.
Realizing Nade’s consideration, Sabina turned sullenly, and Pandora, who was watching, stabbed her horse.
“Good to sell. Even in this situation, I can afford to care about men.”
Before the start of the second half of her senior year, she visited the head office of Alones, a perfume manufacturing company, and learned the secret techniques of Mael, the perfume wizard.
Like the insect magic fisho, it is not a favorable class for evaluation, but once you graduate, you will receive a high score in professionalism, so success in life is guaranteed.
“Don’t flatter yourself that you’re high on the rankings. There are so many air mages in society that they would be kicked.”
Azelio Pandora (#19 in the senior class final).
Specialty: Fragrance Magic Alones.
Special note: Mael’s apprentice.
Being settled in Class 2 with the benefit of Scramble Royale was a great psychological help.
Sabina approached her, remembering the bullying of Pandora during her advanced class.
“What, what?”
Contrary to Pandora’s disgust, Sabina carefully reached out and straightened the crooked collar.
“Yeah, you work hard too. Let’s go shopping together when we go social.”
Even when he first transferred to Alpheas Magic School, he felt embarrassed about having to compete with local students.
However, life at the Royal Magic School had been erased for a long time after going through the fierce process of the senior class for a year.
‘Because now my alma mater is here.’
Pandora looked at Sabina as she walked away and spoke softly.
“You too must pass. You worked hard.”
No one in the senior class was lazy.
‘Whoops, I’m not a bad kid.’
Sabina smiled and walked away, and the bell rang for 5 a.m.
Headteacher Collie arrived at the meeting point with three huge wagons.
“Ride the wagon and go to the Magic Association Creas branch. Pay attention to your manners even in the wagon, and get on quickly as there is no time.”
Thirty students were divided into groups of 10 and boarded the wagon.
Shirone, Eruki, and Nade got into the first carriage, with Dorothy riding at the other end.
“Ugh.”
Shirone and Nade, who watched Eruki for a while, quietly put their buttocks on their seats.
‘Of course Dorothy… … .’
I haven’t heard the details, but it’s clear that Eruki and Dorothy dated, and they broke up exactly 13 minutes later.
The reason was that there was no strong pull, but the terribly realistic Eruki and the 4D Dorothy who wanted more than reality made the right compromise with just a few words of conversation.
“are you okay?”
Surprisingly, Eruki spoke first.
“huh. It was very difficult, but now it’s a little better.”
“I’m sorry if I hurt you. But the important thing for us is the graduation exam.”
“okay. you will be able to overcome Don’t get hurt too much and focus on the test.”
Nade was absurd.
“… … Are you guys doing this on purpose?”
The 13-minute relationship and breakup seemed absurd to him, but the parties looked at each other as if they were serious.
Like Eruki, Dorothy wasn’t normal either.
Taylor Dorothy (#13 in the senior class).
Specialization: Joner’s manipulative class.
Special note: Utilization of the mind-sharing system Mimesis. Maximize your omnipotence with a unique operation pattern input method.
If the airflow of the first carriage was awkward, the airflow of the third carriage was full of murderous intent, as if it would explode at any moment.
It was because of the war of nerves between Fermi, who was sitting at the edge reading a book, and Lichen, an electric monster sitting at the opposite end.
After being betrayed in the upper echelons of Istas, Lichen, who murdered the child Yolga wanted to protect, was pursued by Fermi until the upper echelons disappeared.
At the time, Fermi was seriously injured, so there was no big fight, but in fact, even if they collided, it would have been Fermi who died.
“Hey, Fermi.”
Fermi turned his head.
“Do you know why I didn’t kill you then?”
Fermi raised an eyebrow in interest.
“Because I just need to kill him in the graduation exam anyway. you know? That no one should be held responsible for the deaths that occurred during the graduation exam.”
I was on my way to the Magic Association to sign it.
“In short, you are already dead. So why don’t you close the book and pray? It’s not much of a life left.”
Gunzo Lichen (final grade 3 in senior class).
Specialization: Blitz series of electric magic.
Special note: The son of Gunzo Bedium, the strongest hitman in the Black Line. The highest level of movement skills, spark magic.
Fermi closed the book.
“Lichen, do you love me?”
“What, what’s up?”
Lichen’s face crumpled terribly.
“Hate and love have some similarities. In terms of throwing out all your emotions. So I, hating you, has become a little disgusting.”
“… … .”
“So I thought about it. What is the greatest revenge I can take on someone I hate? it erases I’m not pretending to be cool, I’m really just erasing it. Just as hatred and love are similar, revenge and forgiveness seem to have similarities. so I… … .”
Fermi opened the book again and looked away.
“I don’t care what you do.”
“This child… … !”
As Licorn jumped up, Hersie held out her hand to stop it.
“Be patient. That, too, is psychological warfare.”
Really?
I couldn’t believe it, but because it was Fermi, there was confusion.
‘You can’t be swayed. Getting caught up in his tongue is the end.’
Hersey thought so.
‘The Golden Ring has been dismantled and there is no collusion any more. Now we have to focus on Fermi.’
It was Hercy’s intention to become the next Fermi.
‘From now on, I control the graduation exam.’
Meyer Hercy (23rd final grade, senior class).
Specialty: Sona-type of sound magic.
Special note: Superhuman hearing that can even detect the sound of a creature’s heartbeat.
Leaving their own circumstances behind, the three wagons arrived at the Creas branch of the Magic Association.
When I opened the door and got down, the sky was brightening to a bluish color.
“welcome. This way.”
The association staff who had been waiting in advance guided the way to Collie.
The place where they moved to the second column was the 5th basement floor of the association, and Oscar was waiting in front of the iron door with the space movement magic circle.
“Before using the space movement magic circle, I would like to warn you.”
Sooner or later, he would become the son-in-law of the head of the headquarters, but he could not be excluded from the early morning duty of the lower ranks of the association.
“First of all, the coordinates to move to are a security area four kilometers away from the capital… … .”
Nade couldn’t hear Oscar’s words.
When we first met here, our eyes clashed for a moment, but it was good for both of us not to show it.
‘It must be disturbing.’
Shirone looked back at Nade anxiously, but I couldn’t get any special feeling from his expression.
“Then have a nice trip.”
When Oscar opened the iron door, a huge magic circle with a diameter of 100 meters was drawn.
Since it was a military facility, it was clear that an astronomical amount of money had been invested just by looking at the scale.
“Awesome. One company will be sent at once.”
If it was Dante, an expert in information magic, it would have been true.
The light of the magic circle gradually brightened, and after about 5 minutes, the face of the person next to me was so white that I couldn’t even see it.
“Don’t move.”
At the end of Collie’s final warning, a flash of light exploded, and the entire senior class disappeared.
* * *
Crata, the capital of Tormia.
The capital city, with a population of hundreds of thousands of people, was a city in itself, and the arsenal located at the outer gate to the west was active in the manufacture of weapons both formally and unofficially.
Liz, the arsenal’s Mado parts manager, walked around the warehouse checking the details of parts one by one.
Daily life as usual.
But there was no longer a partner who promised her a future.
“Manager. manager.”
A craftsman who worked in the arsenal for 30 years called Liz.
“yes? Ah yes.”
“What do you think?”
“Oh, sorry. I don’t know… … .”
“No, I am worried. Did something happen on vacation?”
Liz was honest.
“I cheated on my fiance.”
It was a time when the wounds healed to some extent.
“Oops… … . You are the worst of the world.”
“Actually, that bad person… … .”
“No, it’s not my personality, it’s that I can’t use my eyes. Kicking a beauty like Mr. Liz. You will regret it later.”
The father-in-law’s wit made Liz feel a little better.
“Go in and rest. The delivery company won’t come today. I organize the warehouse.”
“Oh, why?”
“The plaza is controlled, so transportation is not possible. There seemed to be an event at the Magic Association. It’s like a review ceremony for the top 5 prestigious families.”
5 prestigious.
If so, Alpheas Magic School would be included.
‘Nade will come too.’
She had been in a bad mood ever since she left after saying harsh words that day.
No, I really wanted to meet you.
‘Now what am I… … . She just looks like a strange woman.’
The father-in-law stared at Liz, who was hesitant like a puppy in need of something.
I didn’t know what was going on, but Yeon-ryun knew what to say at this moment.
“Do what you want to do. I don’t know the story.”
“yes?”
“There are some things you only learn at this age. It is far better to try and regret than not to try and regret.”
Oddly enough, those words touched Liz’s heart.
* * *
Alog Central Square.
The size of the plaza was huge as Baska’s core institutions were concentrated, and citizens and merchants complained because all eight-lane roads extending in all directions were blocked.
However, the fact that their complaints did not run amok was because of the pride in the magical power of Tormia Kingdom that they had in their hearts.
A platform with a height of 6 meters installed in the center of the plaza was carved entirely from artificial ivory, and it was exquisite and beautiful enough to be a waste to throw away after using it for several hours.
As soldiers of the Royal Guard, a cooperative organization, controlled the citizens along the outskirts of the square, carriages from all over the kingdom began to arrive.
While the drum line of the military band preparing for the review ceremony heightened tension with a fast beat, the chorus shouted.
“Oris Magic School!”
Three carriages stopped on Route 6 in the central plaza, and thirty seniors dressed in black suits emerged.
“Kai Knight Magic School!”
“Bermin Magic School!”
As the students gathered in front of the barricade one after another, the carriage of Alpheas Magic School stopped on Route 3.
“Alpheas Magic School!”
“come. Let’s get off.”
The students, who had been watching the crowds since their arrival, looked a little nervous.
“Waaaaaa!”
As soon as I set foot on the ground, my heart jumped at the cheers of the people I heard.
‘This is right… … .’
It is the core center of the magic of the kingdom of Tormia.
The gaze of people’s aspiration and awe, which I couldn’t feel at school, seemed to penetrate my skin.
“You really mean all wizards? Are you that young?”
“They are soon to become wizards. Didn’t they say that only the best students in the kingdom were invited?”
The students gathered here today would eventually become wizards someday, advance into all fields such as economy, society, military, politics, art, and science, and lead the kingdom of Tormia.
‘Heart… … It’s about to explode.’
Mark shuddered in the eyes of the people looking at the future leader.
Since he was young, he only hung out with those who dreamed of becoming wizards. The first taste of society’s eyes on him was enough to bring out a passion he didn’t even know existed.
‘You’re clever, this time the president of the association.’
Collie nodded, feeling the atmosphere in the central square.
Internally, Rufist’s plan to imprint the association’s image on future employees and emphasize what the most important institution in the kingdom of Tormia was, externally, was right in place.
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 611 - Five Prestiges (4) 1.txt
===============================
[611] Five Great Prestiges (4)
“Tormia!”
the choir shouted.
“Royal! Magic school!”
The reason why the recital is longer than other prestigious schools is not just because there are more syllables.
People’s eyes were focused on the road toward the north gate of the royal castle, and eight horses pulled a huge carriage that completely occupied the width of the road.
“Whoaaaa!”
The shouts were much louder than before.
King-sized wagons were operated only in the capital city, and were a means of transportation that could not be operated unless they were backed by road control from the Royal Capital Transportation Management Department.
“Sheesh, is this because it’s royal?”
It was a school built under the order of the king to foster wizards who would lead the country, and most of the key positions in the association were from the Royal Magic School.
The four doors installed on the left and right opened at the same time, and 30 students of the Royal Magic School descended to the ground one after another.
His eyes contained the pride of being the best elite in the kingdom, and he was unmoved by the applause of the people.
The gaze of students from other prestigious schools has changed.
‘There is definitely an irrational side.’
20 graduates.
No matter how fierce the competition at the Royal Academy was, it was a great merit that only two-thirds of the successful applicants were successful.
“Dante, don’t you regret it?”
Sabina asked.
Dante and his party were also at the top of the 30th division ranking at the Royal Magic School before they transferred.
The competition would have been much easier if he had just been promoted and made it to the final 30, which is the cutoff for the graduation exam.
“You don’t have to be swayed by signs.”
Dante looked at the faces of the students of the Royal Magic School.
Unlike the students of other prestigious schools, who were engaged in a war of nerves with people of interest such as Shirone, Dante, and Fermi, he had a confident expression on his face.
“The place where I fight is the most prestigious. Have confidence.”
The corners of Sabina’s and Closer’s lips went up.
‘okay. Dante, you are the best.’
“Student entry!”
According to Bokchangdae’s instructions, a barricade was opened and 150 students in suits began to enter the central square in a row.
Although they were students, they were in their senior year, and the energy emitted by 150 aspiring wizards was enough to create an army with just them.
“All the competent people in the kingdom have gathered.”
In the sky two kilometers away from the central plaza, Rufist, the current head of the Magic Association, was casting fly magic while watching the rolling black waves.
He had a sharp expression on his pale face, a torn wound on the right corner of his mouth, and his eyebrows were vacant in a comb pattern, as if they had been scratched by a beast.
Jane, the chief of staff who assists Lufist, said.
“It’s no exaggeration to say that in terms of brains alone, the kingdom ranks from 1st to 150th. However, after all, they are just accessories of the country.”
Her red hair was pulled up and her silk robe was worn, and her face was ferocious like that of a lynx, and her age was difficult to guess because the wrinkles were artificially removed.
“Indeed, it is.”
Rufist did not recognize the value of individuals.
“But it is a key accessory.”
That’s why this remark was the best compliment I could give to the students.
“It’s about time. you’re leaving I will go to the association and prepare.”
As soon as Jane finished speaking, the two of them flew in different directions.
Flying magic was forbidden within the capital, but no one could interfere with Lufist’s flight to the central plaza.
“excuse me… … !”
Everyone looked up at the sky and pointed at Lufist.
Amid the gaze of close to 1,000 people, Lufist fluttered his black coat and landed on the podium.
‘Flying magic in the capital.’
Collie realized that his every move was a political rhetoric.
“Nice to meet you, gentlemen. The president of the Tormia Magic Association, Lufist.”
As the voices echoed through the plaza through the loudspeaker, the eyes of the graduating class students clearly changed.
‘That person… … .’
First-class Archmage Raphael Lufist.
He was one of the core powers of the kingdom of Tormia, nicknamed the Steel Wizard.
‘It’s definitely different.’
Although Shirone lived with Vice Principal Olivia, a second-class archmage, the prayers of the first-class archmage, who were only four in the kingdom, were on a different level.
‘Another gaold.’
It was the first impression Shirone felt.
“I think I need to explain before going into the review ceremony. Magicians are people who don’t act unless they understand it.”
It was a rough tone that was not like the president of the association, but it was acceptable because it was the president of the association.
“Actually, there is no particular reason for calling you guys. I just wanted to see my future family members with my own eyes while taking office as the president of the association.”
As Rufist’s eyes swept across the plaza, the hearts of the students thumped.
‘Looking at me. You must have seen me.’
While everyone was thinking the same thing, Lufist’s eyes returned to Shirone for the last time.
“You are the best 150 people in the kingdom. And 60 of them will pass. Of those 60 people, about 10 will be certified wizards. Again, out of those 10 people, there are only 5 people who can get a job at the Magic Association.”
The atmosphere became somber.
“Of course, someone will leave the red line, and someone will dig a dungeon and not come out. You guys don’t know yet, but wizards are a difficult job to manage. You need patriotism to work for the Association.”
Rufist spread his five fingers.
“I want to pack 5 people with the best elite. I don’t know which of you will pass, but if you think you’re the best, aim for the Magic Association.”
It was a kind of propaganda.
“Then why the Magic Association? you will have a question First of all, pretty women and handsome men that you guys like so much will follow one after another.”
Unlike the citizens who burst into laughter, the students’ expressions were unchangingly serious.
“And you get a lot of lobbying. Illegal funds.”
Even in front of a large number of spectators, Rufist was unstoppable.
“Of course not recommended, but how would you know? Can you think of thousands of ways to eat without being seen? Because they are smart.”
That too was true.
“I do not control the wizard. because you can’t control it There is only one standard I ask of you guys.”
Lufist’s index finger stood tall in front of his gaze.
“Can you solve the problem?”
The students’ eyes lit up.
“Conscientious or trash, I don’t care. Should I beat someone? Then lose. The King will be silent. want to kill someone? Then kill! The king will close his eyes!”
Rufist’s voice rose.
“You can do whatever you want! There is one rule you all must follow, and that is to make the kingdom stronger!”
Two fists hit the platform.
“This is why it can’t be that way, and everyone is complaining about it, but you guys shouldn’t be like that! Because they are smart! The wizard is not the one who poses the problem, but the one who solves the problem! That’s why it’s public power, and that’s why it’s a license to kill!”
The air in the plaza shook with the boiling exhalation.
“Who is the greatest wizard here!”
me.
‘It’s me.’
Everyone was thinking the same thing.
“Remove all factors hindering the development of the kingdom! If it is a god, kill even a god! What the association wants is just such a wizard! Did you understand!”
“yes!”
It was a loud noise that startled the citizens.
“Cry out! Absolute power!”
“I! big! volume! force!”
The students’ voices echoed in the quiet plaza.
“That is the best gift the Magic Association can give you. If you want one, come to the Association.”
As Lufist cast space movement magic and flew to the Magic Association, a thousand eyes followed him.
It is a common sight for seniors, but it was a miraculous phenomenon for ordinary citizens.
“Now, let’s proceed with the review ceremony. Please stand in four rows at each school, 5 meters apart.”
The students moved in perfect order, and Shirone waited in line with Eruki and Nade.
“Whoa, this is no joke. I was very nervous.”
“I know. I’ve met Mr. Gaold, but his charisma doesn’t seem to lag behind.”
Eruki said.
“Raphael Lufist. In politics, he is regarded as a representative figure of the extreme right. Showing the strength of the state mobilizes people, but speaking of public authority was dangerous. If it wasn’t for that level of charisma, the citizens would have risen up.”
The reviewing ceremony began, and as 150 students, starting with the Royal Magic School, advanced along the road, the citizens applauded and welcomed them.
‘Still, it’s nice to be treated like this. Maybe being a wizard is a good job… … .’
Lufist’s power was so great that even Nade would consider it at least once.
“what?”
Shirone found it first, followed by Nade’s gaze.
‘Senior Liz.’
I saw Liz standing in the crowd with a gentle smile.
He said he had forgotten, but it was only a matter of his head, and seeing her face made his heart pound again.
‘But why… … ?’
Even as she looked at Nade’s face, Liz couldn’t come up with a clear answer.
‘So what am I doing here?’
When did you push him away so cruelly, when did you come back and why do you have regrets about him?
-It is better to regret doing something than not doing something and regretting it.
Recalling her father-in-law’s words, she made up her mind and clapped her hands as hard as she could.
“Nice, Nade.”
His voice was not audible due to the cheering, but Nade definitely felt like he heard it.
‘Leeds is looking at me.’
only me
I felt thrilled as if I had fallen into a bathtub filled with drugs, but it was not enough to heal the wounds in my heart.
‘I’m sorry, senior.’
It was so painful that I was afraid to set foot there again.
“Nade… … .”
Liz looked at Nade as he walked away with a sad expression, but then smiled.
‘okay. Now I’ll take care of the pain.’
The master’s words finally made sense.
The majesty of the Magic Association, which arrived under the leadership of the military band, took away the attention of the students at once.
The 18-story building, which stood tall enough to pierce the sky, was blazing with the sunlight, and the best wizards Lufist had emphasized so much were standing still and guarding from the entrance.
“This is the end of the review ceremony. I need to submit the test participation form, so please enter in a line.”
After passing through the revolving door, Shirone saw the familiar scene of the front desk.
Due to the large number of students, they had to move through the stairs, and thanks to this, the students were able to visit the Magic Association they had been dreaming of so much.
“It’s much better than I’ve heard.”
It was on a different level from the buildings that chaebol aristocrats had only enlarged in scale for show off.
“It is no exaggeration to say that it is a collection of cutting-edge technologies built by mankind. This will definitely motivate you.”
Although she was a Shirone who had lived here as well as on field trips, her aspirations were no different from those of other students.
‘It’s not a dream anymore.’
There were times when I worried about returning alive from heaven, let alone graduating, but when I submitted the application form today, the only thing left was the graduation exam.
‘It’s Senior Fleur.’
When we arrived at the foreign management department, Fleur, who was wearing a uniform, was resting and taking a posture.
I felt the dignity of a professional in the way he looked ahead without looking at anyone.
A top graduate of the Royal Magic School.
I could feel how much effort she shed blood to get that one title.
‘Should I say hello?’
At that time, when the trouble deepened as he got closer, Fleur’s left hand slipped out of his hand behind his back.
‘Seniors.’
Shirone smiled and gave her a high-five as she passed by.
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 612 - The Hottest Place (1) 2.txt
===============================
[612] The Hottest Place (1)
At noon, when the application form was submitted, the guide of the association went around each room where the students were waiting and announced the next schedule.
“We are going to have lunch by 2:00 and take a tour of the Society Museum. The cafeteria is located in the annex on the first floor, so all students, please move quickly.”
“Do you have free time until 2?”
“yes. It is also a good place to relax or take a look at the building. However, if you cause a disturbance, you may be punished according to the association’s regulations, and outside entry is prohibited.”
Being able to roam freely was an unconventional treatment in its own way, but no one would act recklessly anyway.
“Let’s eat some rice. hungry.”
Shirone said as Eruki and Nade followed the procession to the restaurant.
“You guys are eating first. I have somewhere to go.”
Since it was Shirone who had been with the Association for more than two months, there must have been quite a few people to say hello to.
“Okay then. See you later.”
After regurgitating the procession of students, Shirone headed to the desk in the middle of the 3rd floor hallway.
“Shirone, long time no see.”
Association staff greeted us warmly.
“hello. How have you been?”
“Whoops, the association work is always the same. Make sure you pass this time.”
The students who were heading to the cafeteria glanced at each other with surprised expressions as they were casually conversing with the staff.
It was because of the direction of Gaold, who was the president of the association at the time, but it was definitely a special experience for an outsider to stay in the association for several months.
“You have to do your best. By the way, where is Fleur-senpai?”
“Manager? He’s probably resting in the staff quarters. You worked hard for two days.”
In fact, it would have been the staff rather than the students who suffered from this review ceremony.
“Go see. The manager also talked about you a lot.”
“yes. Then I’ll see you later.”
Shirone nodded and headed to the staff quarters.
‘Looks like it’ll be there.’
* * *
“Oh, I am tired.”
Fleur, who came into the lodging she used whenever she worked overtime, took off her uniform with a relaxed expression.
For a week, I didn’t even have time to sleep because I was cooperating with other departments to check all the security devices in all areas of the association.
‘I should close my eyes for a moment.’
After changing into a comfortable top, she took off her skirt and went to the closet.
“My pants… … .”
Opening the closet and taking out her pants, she bent over and tried to put one leg in, but the door burst open.
“Seniors! I’m here!”
“Oh. Ugh.”
Startled, Flew’s core staggered, and he jumped with one leg raised and fell to the side.
“… … .”
While Shirone clenched her fists and suppressed laughter, Fleur raised her axe eye and stood up.
“hey! wanna die? Did you come in without knocking while I was changing clothes?”
“Oh, I’ll turn around.”
“it’s okay. Look at everything and pretend to be polite.”
“sorry. I didn’t even think about it. I’m so glad… … .”
Flu understood that feeling.
“Yeah, it’s been a while. Are you ready for the exam properly?”
As expected, the first question was the graduation exam.
“yes. During vacation, I was trained by Mr. Miro. My condition is fine.”
After returning from heaven, Flew immediately left for the Society, but heard many things on her own channel.
“okay. I heard that the evaluation was abandoned. I think that’s right too.”
Although it was not revealed on the surface, the Heaven Project had an effect on the entire world.
“How is Flu senior? We broke up like that before… … I was very worried.”
Since he was a member of Gaold’s bodyguard, he must have looked precious in Rufist’s eyes.
“are you okay. I had friction with the president of the association, but now the president of the association is someone who greets only with his skills. Thanks to you, Isabel-sama was also reinstated.”
I knew what kind of sacrifice Isabelle, the head of the magic library, had made for Gaold.
“I’m so glad.”
“It’s us, but the problem is you. Be honest. Are you really confident about this graduation exam?”
Shirone shook her head.
“I don’t know yet. I heard a strategy from Mr. Miro, but I wonder if it’s feasible… … .”
Considering the situation Shirone was in, not many organizations would embrace him just because he had passed the graduation exam.
‘It should be at least the level of the Association.’
said Fleur, who made the decision.
“Is it lunch time now? Follow me. Come with me to the fourth floor.”
“Fourth floor? Why are you there all of a sudden?”
“I have someone I can introduce you to.”
Shirone followed Fleur to the 4th floor and went into an office with a sign for the Magician Human Resources Department.
With the graduation exam just around the corner, the two of them entered the conference room at the end of the office, passing between employees who were frantically sorting documents.
“Have you eaten yet?”
At the end of a rectangular table, three people were sitting and reviewing papers.
As Shirone glanced at it, it was the profile of the Alpheas Magic School students and the participation form she had just filled out.
The man sitting in the upper seat had black hair with a pessimistic personality, and on the left was a calm woman with long eyelashes, and on the right was a freckled woman with brown hair tied in two ponytails.
“what? I am in a meeting right now.”
The man fired at him, but Flew walked away, leading Shirone without any roughness.
“I have a junior to introduce. Shirone, hello. This is Baikal, the evaluator who will attend the Alpheas Magic School graduation exam as a scout.”
‘scout!’
Shirone woke up.
“hello. I am Arian Shirone, a senior from Alpheas Magic School.”
Fleur even introduced the women on the left and right.
“This is Analyst Elizabeth. This is Archivist Lala-san.”
Lara, who had cute freckles, smiled and waved her hand.
“hi? It’s the first time we’ve met, but we’ve seen it a lot on paper.”
When the graduation exam participants came in, Baikal showed a displeased look.
“What are you doing? Bringing a graduation test participant. Not lobbying.”
“Are you in the lobby? Give me a generous score on the exam. I will buy you food.”
Shirone’s face turned red at the blatant request, but Fleur took out a chair and sat down without hesitation.
“Baikal-san is a certified 4th class wizard. He worked as a scout at the Royal Magic School for over 10 years, and I was selected by Mr. Baikal to join the Association.”
‘Ah, such a relationship… … .’
Baikal tilted his upper body as if he was embarrassed.
“I just picked the most talented students. After all, he was the chief of the royal family.”
In the short conversation, I could feel that the lobby itself is a person who does not work.
“Still, graduation rankings and scout evaluation are two different things. Anyway, since you’ve decided to take charge of Alpheas Magic School this time, Shirone, you’ll have your eye stamp on it too, so there won’t be anything bad about it.”
“yes. I wish you well.”
When I revealed my inner feelings honestly and plainly, Baikal also released a noble expression.
“okay. I’ll keep a special eye on it. work hard.”
Raising the scout’s expectations would certainly help the evaluation, but if they fell short, the disappointment was also a big double-edged sword.
“You said you were in charge of the Royal Magic School for over 10 years, but why this time… … ?”
Elizabeth answered Shirone’s question.
“Because it is the hottest place in Tormia this year. The competition is unprecedentedly fierce, and I heard that all of the students’ skills are above the average of their graduating class. That’s why the evaluator made a suggestion to the association and changed it.”
It was an honor not only for Shirone, but for the entire senior class of Alpheas Magic School.
“It was a decision based on paperwork only. But the numbers on the papers don’t accurately reflect reality. I hope not to disappoint you.”
Shirone, seated in Elizabeth’s seat, pointed to the profile papers on the table.
“Is it a grade for one year?”
“no. All records from admission to present. It’s the future of the kingdom, but we can’t judge it rashly. I’m trying to be as objective as possible. Have you ever watched a graduation exam?”
“yes. last year.”
“Then you know what Scouts do.”
“Ah, that… … .”
At the time, he was immersed in the fierce battle of the graduation exam and was shocked by Amy’s early dropout.
“are you okay. It will be helpful to know how scouts evaluate. First of all, when the graduation exam begins, an analyst like me will see the details of the participant’s abilities with his own eyes.”
Elizabeth’s eyes glowed blue, revealing marks on her retinas that looked like arrow targets.
“… … Is it a tattoo?”
“yes. It’s a magical tattoo. The most important thing for the analyst is to judge the student’s ability level in detail. It is to determine whether the distance of the teleportation repetition compulsion is 10 meters, 10 meters 1 centimeter, or 10 meters 1 centimeter 1 millimeter.”
“… … Ah yes.”
Saying that he could confirm it with his own eyes made Shirone dazed.
“A lot of the information analyzed like that is delivered directly to the evaluator here. The evaluators then grade the students’ abilities according to the circumstances and their discretion. Judgment B grade, nerve transmission speed A grade, something like this. Then, Mr. Lara here will record the evaluation of all 30 people.”
As Lara draws a V, dozens of notebooks stacked next to her fly up into the air and flutter.
Then, the same number of pens moved automatically and pretended to write something on the notebook.
A person with the ability to write in 30 notebooks at the same time.
Shirone looked up in admiration, and Lara shrugged her shoulders with a pleasant expression.
“Just because you have great skills doesn’t mean you get a good evaluation.”
Baikal was the first to give advice.
“The manpower required by the state is a wizard who can perform 100 percent of the given mission. Most of the students hang on to the power, but from the perspective of the kingdom, if one person is not enough, it is enough to send 10 people. It will cost some money, but it is a value that can be replaced. What we want is incalculable talent.”
Baikal pointed to Flu.
“Flu’s final grade on the graduation exam was an overall A. Of course, if you expand the scope to other countries, there are A plus and S grades. However, when he was confined to the kingdom, it is true that Fleur was the best student in Tormia.”
“That’s a compliment, right?”
Fleur argued, but Baikal ignored it and continued.
“One of the reasons I hit the flu so high was that there was no waste. I moved my consciousness toward optimal efficiency in all areas, including time, mind, psychology, and behavior. This is far more important than casting massive magic or overpowering someone. Because it is not a factor that can be replaced by money or number of people.”
“okay.”
I had to admit that there was a difference between individual achievement and the requirements of the kingdom.
‘Because I’m just one of many wizards.’
Baikal continued.
“If you want to get a good score on the evaluation, reduce waste. Even if you are smarter than the scout, the scout can evaluate you. Because it measures the results of judgment.”
Shirone realized why Flu introduced Baikal.
“thank you. It really helped me a lot.”
Lara clapped her hands and said.
“Now, it’s time, so let’s go eat. It’s something you want to eat anyway, isn’t it?”
Elizabeth recommended Shirone.
“Shirone-kun didn’t eat lunch either, right? Eat with us.”
“no. I will eat with my friends. Eating alone is like a privilege.”
Lara made a blank expression and burst into laughter.
“Why, why are you like that?”
As Shirone’s face turned red, Elizabeth covered her mouth and laughed.
“As expected, numbers do not reflect reality. It’s so different from what I imagined on paper.”
“excuse me… … what do you mean?”
“I mean it is pure. If you become a wizard, you will know what the real perks are. Come on, let’s go.”
Following Scout out of the conference room, Shirone ate lunch in a restaurant exclusively for employees.
Since it was a place I had used often before, my tension was relieved quickly, and I was able to get a lot of information from Elizabeth.
Just then, the restaurant door burst open, and a man in uniform appeared, looked around, and immediately approached Shirone.
“What are you doing here? Do you know how many I found?”
Shirone, who was frightened, put down the tableware and said.
“Oh, sorry. I will go back now.”
As I was about to get up, the man shook his head and said.
“Don’t go there, go to the 18th floor.”
“yes? The 18th floor?”
The man’s voice became noticeably quieter.
“The president of the association wants to see you.”
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 613 - The Hottest Place (2) 2.txt
===============================
[613] The Hottest Place (2)
* * *
Shirone, who went up to the 18th floor of the Magic Association, walked down the hallway recalling old memories.
Nothing much had changed, but the atmosphere was a bit more solemn, probably because the owner of the association had changed.
I arrived at the president’s office and knocked, but there was no answer.
I couldn’t open the door first, so I waited, but an employee came and said.
“Go in. The president of the association is currently in a meeting. You’ll be right back when you’re done.”
“yes.”
I slowly opened the door and entered Rufist’s room.
Befitting the nickname of the great wizard of steel, equipment and ornaments were made of iron.
Considering how the element of omnipotence works in magic, it was natural.
Shirone sat on a chair, rubbing her palms impatiently and waiting.
Two hours after that, the door opened and Rufist and Chief Secretary Jane entered.
It was only natural that Gaold and Gangnan overlapped in his eyes, and the first impression was that he was much colder than them.
“hello. This is Ariane Shirone.”
Rufist passed by Shirone indifferently and said.
“I am out.”
I didn’t know who I was referring to, so I was standing there, but Jane closed the door and left.
“Sit down. Is it spherical?”
It was Shirone who was aware of Lufist’s gaze in the plaza.
“yes. I am honored to have called you.”
“You don’t have to. Because I know you’re on Gaold’s side.”
Although they carried out their mission in heaven together, they did not exchange emotions like allies with Gaold.
“No, to the side… … .”
“Yes, Gaold has no side. Because I want to do everything by myself. But it’s true that you’re closer emotionally to Gaold than to me.”
If you already understood everything, Shirone didn’t have to explain.
“Are you confident about this graduation exam?”
“I will do my best. I will definitely become a wizard.”
It was an answer that seemed to have been memorized, but in front of Lupist, his voice had no choice but to gain strength.
“You think I am your enemy.”
“Isn’t that so?”
As he had already had a fight with Gaold, he didn’t flinch even in front of the president of the association, and Lufist also raised his eyebrows.
“Maybe it could be. You’re on Gaold’s side, and I’m the president of the association, who has to play a power game with countries around the world. The moment the Association embraces you, Tormia will be checked by the powerful nations.”
I had already expected it, but when I heard it from the head of the association, my stomach burned.
“I will not be taken advantage of. I will decide my future.”
“Of course it should. But none of the choices are free. They choose between red and blue and think they are free. I don’t even know who came up with the red and blue colors. That is the system.”
The part cannot outperform the whole.
“Isn’t that why you called because you have something you want to say?”
Shirone’s voice rose in front of the unpleasant truth.
“Let’s make a deal. I guarantee you maximum freedom. Also safety.”
It wasn’t a bad suggestion.
“What do I have to do to get it?”
“Fail early in the graduation exam.”
“yes?”
“Of course, you must be trying to find a solution in your own way. But nothing will be as easy as my suggestion. drop out It’s also inconvenient. It is to expose to the whole world that you are in fact an insignificant human being. Of course, some people know that it’s a show, but humans believe in what they see anyway. That alone will significantly remove the risk factor.”
“But if that happens… … .”
“I will guarantee everything after that. I will give you a wizard license as well as a public recognition by reporting it to the king. Then you just have to join the association and work for the kingdom. I also reinstated Fludo and Isabelle. You won’t have to worry about your treatment.”
If you fail the graduation exam, you get everything instead.
“Choose well. If you accept my offer, that’s it. It’s a test or something, you just have to go home, get a good night’s sleep, pack your things and come up. I assure you, no matter how well you perform in the graduation exam, you will not be treated as well as this.”
The fact that Lufist’s words were true broke Shirone’s heart.
“You are definitely a ticking time bomb that can cause world tragedy. But if it’s going to explode anyway, it’s natural to want to keep it by your side and take care of it. And I have the ability to manage. Only if you help me a little.”
It was to fail the graduation exam badly.
“I will refuse.”
Rufist was not surprised.
“The reason is?”
“You said that no choice is free. I don’t think so. Wouldn’t choosing nothing be another option?”
“It negates the whole thing.”
“Then I will fight the whole.”
Rufist leaned back in his chair and half-closed his eyes.
“… … Do you think you have a chance?”
“The odds are not important. Doing what I believe is right, isn’t that what a wizard is?”
Shirone wanted to become a wizard.
“If you mean it then you can’t. If you change your mind, don’t hesitate to drop out. Graduation exams haven’t even started yet.”
“yes. Thank you for caring me.”
Shirone went out the door without showing a disheveled attitude until the very end.
“Whew.”
As I stood in the hallway and sighed, I finally felt reality.
‘Was it a good thing?’
If I messed up the graduation exam, I would feel even more miserable, but no matter what the result was, I would have no regrets.
“Are you done talking?”
The chief of staff, Jane, approached.
“yes.”
“Then go to the annex on the first floor. There will be a dinner party starting at 5:30.”
She didn’t ask anything.
“thank you. Let’s go.”
After confirming that Shirone had turned the corner, Jane went into the office of the president of the Association.
Just by looking at his expression, it was clear that the negotiations had broken down.
“You said it wouldn’t work.”
Rufist put his chin on his chin and muttered.
“The single surpasses the whole. Is it possible?”
Jane turned to the door.
“He’s an Ultima.”
“But Gaia failed.”
As Lufist stood up, Jane’s head returned.
“What are you going to do? He is a talent worth losing to other countries.”
“There is no need to rush. It is a difficult food to digest. It’s not bad to watch for now.”
Rufist approached the door and turned to Jane.
“I should have started by now. A video recorder?”
“I installed it without blind spots. No major accidents will happen. If you have any thoughts.”
“Where can I see you?”
“Go to the central control room and tell me. But what are you trying to do when you see the students playing?”
Lufist raised one corner of his mouth.
“It’s been a long time since I’ve come here, but it’s sad to let go.”
* * *
Although the name is an annex, the association building is so large that even with all 150 students inside, the center is empty.
Under the light of hundreds of chandeliers, delicacies from all over the world shimmered.
Some ate and some enjoyed it, but most of the students representing the kingdom’s prestigious schools were concentrating on engaging in an invisible war of nerves with students from other schools.
In the midst of the complex entanglement of emotional arrows, the one that received the most arrows was, of course, Alpheas Magic School.
“Is it true that Mr. Baikal is going to Kreas this year?”
“I heard that too. He’s been in charge of the Royal Magic School for over 10 years.”
Rumors spread quickly, and students who did not know began to glance at the graduating class of Alpheas Magic School.
Among them, it was none other than Pony that drew the most attention.
“My lady, I have prepared a banquet dress. Please listen to my request. A party with the same clothes as nobles.”
‘bothered.’
The attendants dispatched from the royal castle surrounded Pony, so it was almost impossible to know where she was standing.
“Stop going back. I attended as a representative of the magic school, not as royalty. There are no privileges.”
“My lady, it is not something that can be denied just by denying the lineage of the royal family.”
Even so, it is only a weak bloodline that is far from power succession.
“Why do you put dirt on a noble body? If you want, I will call the president of the association right now and ask for a top-notch wizard license.”
Pony looked back at the attendant as if she was pathetic.
“All wizard licenses are the same.”
“Then I will instruct you to make a separate one. This is the highest quality certificate fit for royalty. You will love it.”
Knowing that the attendant was sincere made me even more annoyed.
Talking to people who live in a reality beyond reality made me feel like an idiot myself.
‘I don’t rely on lineage. I will become the best with my own power.’
Alfred Pony (#11 in the graduating class).
Specialty: Torrent class of water magic.
Peculiarities: Royal lineage.
“Haha, annoying.”
Feeling a headache, Pony moved quickly, and the attendants rushed after her.
“In a sense… … A little pitiful.”
Maya, who was watching with a glass of wine, murmured.
“Because there is nothing as unfortunate as a predetermined destiny.”
When I turned my head to the voice I heard next to me, Caden was standing there.
It seemed like this was the first time he had ever spoken to her in school.
“Good night, Maya. Shall we toast?”
Maya stared at the trembling liquid in the glass Caden held out.
“Why are you so nervous? My hands seem to be shaking.”
“okay? I don’t know.”
I said so, but when I started to be conscious with my head, the trembling intensified.
“weird. I think I’m shaking… … .”
“What are you talking about? Why would I shake my hands?”
Maya pointed to the glass at Kayden’s vibration as if he was holding a glass and shaking it.
“It’s overflowing with alcohol and it’s pouring.”
“Strange. I don’t know.”
“… … .”
Maya looked at Caden not even paying attention to the glass, and awkwardly raised the corner of her mouth.
“That, yes. Then have a good time.”
And immediately turned around and left the place as if to run away.
‘You have a strange personality. are you kidding me I don’t want to see them in the future.’
Cayden, whose tremors had stopped, put down his glass and smiled sadly.
“also… … Isn’t that the Red Cross?”
“Sounds like a red cross and fell asleep!”
Amy pinched Caden’s side.
“ouch! What, all of a sudden?”
“Now I see you, you were completely innocent. If you treat me like that, what woman won’t see you as crazy?”
Cayden grumbled as he rubbed his sore side.
“Why are you meddling in other people’s affairs? You know it won’t work anyway.”
“Let’s start with the premise that you are normal. what are you doing, go fast Apologize to Maya for being a prank.”
Cayden’s gaze found Maya alone in the crowd.
“really… … will it?”
“What are you proposing to? And don’t take alcohol. How to look good without even drinking one drink… … .”
“Okay, I’ll try.”
Taking a deep breath, Caden approached Maya again.
“excuse me… … .”
It was only after looking into Maya’s frightened eyes that I was able to realize the reality.
“Sorry. It was a joke earlier. Just to talk to you.”
Maya’s face immediately brightened.
“Aha, somehow! i thought you were weird It was fun though.”
When the horror he imagined didn’t happen in reality, Cayden found confidence.
“Are you ready for the test?”
“huh. something feels good The advice I received from Eruki in the first half was very helpful.”
Although his magical talent was inferior, his artistic sense was a genius that even Cayden of the Red Cross couldn’t dare.
“I’m going to try my own way this time. I will hit my limit someday, but for now my goal is to graduate.”
The future of the mysterious tribe was in Maya’s hands.
Mystery Maya (28th in the senior class final rankings).
Major: Song of sound magic.
Characteristics: The possessor of natural omnipotence when it comes to singing.
“okay. You will definitely pass.”
“huh?”
Maya asked back at the conclusion, but Cayden answered in his heart.
‘Because I’ll be by your side.’
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 614 - The Hottest Place (3) 2.txt
===============================
[614] The Hottest Place (3)
“It’s a nice sight.”
said Fiord, who was sitting at the party table with Fisho.
At school, he is known as a gloomy person who wears a robe and enjoys evil games from beginning to end, but he was dressed neatly today.
People who didn’t know him probably wouldn’t have even guessed that his major was poison among poisons.
“Kaden will be graduating this year.”
It was Fishaw who learned that Kayden was the president of the Female Human Body Research Society while participating in Scramble Royale.
But now the golden ring has been dismantled, and Cayden is preparing to go out into the world.
If it wasn’t for the master of the judge, he would have been strong enough to enter the final 10th place, but Fjord was also a strong man who had never missed the top ranks.
“It doesn’t matter, Caden or something.”
Fjord cut his wrist with his sharp thumbnail and dripped blood into his glass.
“… … What kind of poison is it?”
“Kedrapusa.”
It is a plant that only grows on a small uninhabited island floating in the equatorial sea, and it was the main ingredient of a poison that even an elephant would die within a minute with a drop of the undiluted solution.
After swirling the glass around, I tasted a sip, and it was so thrilling that my tongue twisted.
“Geuk, this is the taste.”
“Your body is poisonous.”
“The human liver is a huge chemical storehouse. Once you adapt, even poison can become medicine.”
But most of them couldn’t adapt, so they called it poison.
“Eat a lot of good things. Everyone’s liver will melt during the graduation exam.”
Roscas Fjord (9th place in the senior rankings).
Specialty: Deadly poison class of toxic magic.
Special note: Genocide magic that does not discriminate between friends and family.
“excuse me… … .”
A female student from Vermin Magic School approached.
With her hair up, the dark circles under her eyes were exposed, and her lips were purple.
“A fjord?”
The bottom of toxic magic is narrow, so even Fjord knew who she was.
“Windia, the Witch of Corruption.”
She nodded her head expressionlessly.
“okay. if… … Is that Kedrapusa the one who got drunk a moment ago?”
“however?”
Windia showed emotion for the first time.
“You deciphered Kedrapusa?”
“what… … I’ve been eating it since I was born.”
The Rothkas were a family that developed chemical weapons of war under the kingdom’s approval.
Windia, who was blinking, asked cautiously.
“Can I have a drink?”
“However much.”
When Fiord suggested, she gently raised her glass and put her tongue on it.
“Huh!”
The moment my tongue touched it, a stimulus that seemed to melt away hit my brain.
She also trained her liver with numerous poisons, but this was not tolerable.
“Wow, that’s really cool.”
Crawling out from the edge of death, she repeatedly exclaimed.
“I’ve never had such delicious poison in my life.”
“I’m glad you like it.”
Looking at the wound on Fiord’s wrist, Windia licked her lips and grabbed her hair.
“Would you like to try mine too? It’s Taro Pascal.”
With a groan, the hair broke off in the middle.
“Taro Pascal?”
It was a poison that caused the skin to rot.
Fiord, who rubbed his hair and arranged it neatly, put it in his mouth and chewed it.
“Hmm, this… … .”
“how is it?”
“Well done. Although it is a little boring.”
If Kedrapusa was a stimulating food to Fjord, Taro Pascal was a vegetable side dish.
“Isn’t it? I want to synthesize something here.”
“Put in the juice of the Pustan mushrooms. Then the decay time can be reduced… … .”
As the two men discussed poisons continued, Fishaw let out a long breath and left.
At that time, when he was wandering around because he had no place to rest, a student from the Royal Magic School cautiously approached from behind.
“Sahyung, it’s been a while.”
He was a priest who studied with Francis Caylor, an authority on insect magic.
“okay. Did you prepare well for the graduation exam?”
“It’s not particularly important to me. Master emphasizes the achievement of learning rather than the result. But I think you made a big decision this time.”
Fisho tilted his head slightly.
“What are you talking about?”
“They tell me to stop graduating and come back. You have been around too long.”
The priest took something out of his inner pocket and handed it to me.
“You have given permission.”
A dark red parasite was wriggling in the transparent vial.
“then. See you next year in the capital.”
The priest walked away and Fisho put the vial deep inside his inner pocket.
‘… … I must graduate.’
Maranoff Fisho (24th place in the senior class).
Major: Insect Magic Evolution Acceleration Class.
Special note: Kaylor’s apprentice.
As the day got darker and the party came to fruition, clashes began to break out one by one among the students who had been fighting a war of nerves until now.
Being a student at Alpheas Magic School was no exception, and while the students of the Royal Magic School were looking for food, they began to argue with Suabi.
“Hey, you. How high are you in school?”
Suabi, who is not very sociable, hesitated when she saw the students who were arguing with her.
“What does it matter? Move. I hate talking to you.”
Suabi, who was trying to escape by detour, was blocked by a student with a height of more than 2 meters.
“You don’t want to tell us what we did? You’re just asking.”
“It’s 18th. okay?”
I tried to spit it out and pass it by, but it felt like a black wall was blocking it because it was so big.
“haha! Middle rank on the subject of only utility magic? What did I say, I said it was a hoax from Spirit magazine.”
The students of the Royal Magic School believed that the reason why Scout Baikal was taken away by Alpheas Magic School was because of Vice Principal Olivia.
Thanks to the teacher’s council, he was a person who once served as the principal of the Royal Magic School, so he had no choice but to notice.
“Hey, hold it straight. No matter how much you run and run, you can’t keep up with the Royal Magic School’s toes.”
Suddenly, Suabi’s eyes widened.
Even if the mental unity was perfect, it would affect the test if students from other schools were suppressed from the momentum.
“Oh oh! Did you see that I just glared at you? Is this scary?”
“Hey, you guys. Do it in moderation.”
When the students who had been confining Suabi looked back, Screamer stood crookedly with his hands in his pockets.
“What are you?”
“Do I need to tell you? From what I’ve heard, it sounds like you’re memorizing Spirit Magazine.”
Hyde Allen, third in the ranks of the Royal Magic School, walked.
“I watched the kids playing in the water below as a way to pass the time. But I can’t even remember your face.”
“Suabi, come this way.”
The screamer ignored it and beckoned, but the big student didn’t get out of the way.
“If you are confident, why don’t you come and take me? Crawl between my crotches and you won’t do anything nasty.”
The graduating class of the Royal Academy of Magic burst into laughter.
“Ha, really… … .”
If you have the personality of a screamer, you should overturn it right away, but the time is right, so I walked with patience.
“Suabi, let’s go. You don’t have to worry about these lesser bastards.”
“The lesser one?”
“It seems that the tension has eased after eating 20 passers-by raw, but that’s not the case with us.”
“ha ha ha! of course. That’s the difference between a royal school and an ordinary school.”
“I heard that you guys have 3.8 times lower average abilities than us.”
The giant’s eyebrows twitched at the words that hit the pinnacle of his qualifications.
“Do you think you would believe that nonsense? It’s a hoax.”
“i think so too. It looks like it took another dot from the magazine. Looking at your twists, I think it will be at least 38 times.”
“This bastard!”
A large student grabbed the screamer by the collar and pulled him.
“I’m afraid they’re teasing me carelessly for having a magic control device, but you’re not even close to one fist.”
“okay? You can’t even lift me?”
“what?”
The tall student looked down and realized that the screamer’s feet weren’t off the ground yet.
“this… … !”
I gave more strength, but the screamer didn’t move as if it was stuck in place.
‘I remembered. that guy… … .’
Before Allen could speak, the screamer grabbed the giant by the collar.
Due to the height difference, I had to stretch my arms the highest, but the difference in height was reversed in an instant.
“Keep!”
When the screamer pulled the gigantic body by the collar, it fell down as if a hole had been pierced in the ground.
The moment the giant, kneeling down on its knees, lifted its head in disbelief, a fist flew, creating tremendous wind pressure.
“Ugh!”
pop! The fist stopped right in front of my eyes as the sound hit my eardrums.
Even the tall student couldn’t help but recall the sight of the suit sleeves curled up while eating the spin, tightly pressed to the arm.
‘Bookmaker Screamer.’
After gathering his fists, the screamer twisted the giant’s hand, which was still holding on to his collar, and pulled it off.
“I know it hurts your pride, but if the royal family is poor, the royal family should take care of it. None of the kids at my school have the mind to care about the likes of you.”
Logan Screamer (final top 10 senior class).
Specialization: A bookie of photon magic.
Special Note: After completing the fighting spirit Pyroker’s Tekken Project, it is possible to hit a deadly blow.
“How dare these see us in the water!”
All the students of the Royal School of Magic stood up and rushed at the screamer.
Then, Alpheas Magic School also rushed in without losing and matched the numbers.
In the end, the party atmosphere became vicious due to the conflict between the two schools, and the remaining three schools only watched the situation seriously.
“Let’s try it, what is it? Not to be arrogant that the local villagers gave me a little lift!”
The electric monster lichen viciously tore its mouth and pretended to come in with both hands.
“Puhahaha! All of a sudden? Okay, if you’re confident, go for it. I will make you the greatest idiot who died before the graduation exam.”
“joy! Do you think we don’t have schema users? If it weren’t for the magic control device, you would be wiped out today!”
Maya stomped her feet at the rising high pitched voice.
“It’s a big deal. We shouldn’t fight today.”
Cayden said, gently blocking his way.
“are you okay. Nothing will happen.”
At least Maya would.
“Come out now! Are you just having a bout today? Shall we see who is the best in the kingdom?”
At the provocation of the Royal Magic School, Fermi came to the scene in delight.
“That’s right. In that sense, I suggest a fun game… … .”
“Fermi, you shut up!”
Everyone who knew Fermi shouted.
“Never think of interfering!”
Fermi makes a mess of everything.
“Hmm, it’s a magical power control device.”
Dante, who had taken a seat at a nearby table, was thinking while passing his glass, when a man with curly red hair down left and right approached from the royal side.
“Long time no see, Dante.”
It was Curtis, who once competed at the Royal Magic School.
“Were you there too?”
“Haha, there’s no need to pretend you don’t know. You’re all in the spirit anyway.”
“Do you think I will look at that magazine?”
A year ago, Dante was fed up with interview requests coming in from all directions.
Curtis, who was silent for a moment, regained his composure.
“You know what I regret most about graduation? I mean, I never got to see you in the royal palace.”
“Did you hear that graduation is absolutely possible?”
“of course. I’m not proud of it, but it’s number one in the Royal Magic School.”
I was proud.
“You are number two. It seems that even the world’s Dante has its limits revealed.”
Who would have known that Dante, who was once regarded as the best talent in the kingdom, would be defeated by an unknown named Shirone and lose the top spot to a long-term returning student named Fermi?
“Well, it could be. If you are confident, try drying it.”
Dante pointed at Fermi with the glass in his hand.
‘Huh, my pride was hurt. This is the price for ignoring me, Dante.’
Judging so, Curtis walked to the scene.
“Everyone, stop.”
As the students on the royal side fell silent at the appearance of the first ranker, Fermi turned to Sabina and said.
“saw? Even if you’re the same first place, the treatment is different.”
“I know that? You are the best when you are quiet.”
Curtis came over and shook hands.
“I apologize on behalf of the Royal Magic School. let’s stop here There’s nothing good about making a fuss at the association, right?”
Fermi joined hands.
“I would love to, but as you can see, our school has a tradition of ignoring first place.”
“Are you going to try to the end?”
“no. It’s for someone who will be able to speak.”
“Who is that? Dante?”
“Here he comes.”
Fermi pointed with his hand, and all 149 people turned to the door.
“what? What’s the mood like? Aren’t you having a party?”
Shirone was blinking with an innocent face.
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 615 - The Hottest Place (4) 1.txt
===============================
[615] The Hottest Place (4)
Ariane Shirone.
The names that were already imprinted in the minds of the students flashed.
A person who has been introduced in Spirit magazine since he defeated Dante in the 2,000 matchup.
When such a prospect suddenly gave up on the senior class evaluation, it became a hot topic in schools across the country.
“what’s the matter? what happened?”
Eruki and Nade approached Shirone’s question.
“Where are you coming from now? You waited all day.”
“Sorry. The president of the association called and came to meet me. Because you came late… … .”
“The president of the association?”
The students started to mumble.
So, does that mean that you have been meeting with the president of the association alone?
It was hard to feel good that only one Shirone was called at a gathering of 150 people.
However, as Elizabeth said, if meeting the president of the association was considered a privilege, she had no future as a magician.
“Why did the association president call you?”
Curtis came to represent the students.
His eyes were full of dissatisfaction, and he couldn’t find the relaxed expression he had a moment ago.
“Why should I say that?”
It was a very personal matter, and since the proposal of the president of the association was rejected anyway, there was nothing to worry about.
“Hey, since when did Alpheas Magic School become so arrogant? Do you trust the Vice Principal and install it?”
After hearing Curtis’ words, Shirone was able to grasp the atmosphere in the hall.
“No matter what, let’s not fight. There’s nothing good about losing energy before an important exam.”
It was the right thing to say, but it felt like a loss for the Royal Magic School, which was already offended.
– Inform students
Lufist’s voice was heard from the ceiling.
‘It’s started.’
The broadcast continued while Fermiman smiled meaningfully.
-As the president of the association, I am proud to see you guys, who will be carrying the future of the kingdom, happily getting along.
Students checked the video recorders installed everywhere.
I knew it was installed for security, but I never dreamed that the president of the association would be watching.
‘But they say they’re proud?’
It means that the students were already anticipating the conflict.
-In that sense, we prepared a special event.
The students waited for the words that would lead to them with nervous expressions.
-At the place where you are, there is a certified magician’s license hidden.
Dozens of eyes scanned all directions.
– Of course, the name is not listed. So it means that the person who has it is the owner.
Shirone’s eyes hardened.
It was a fact that only Shirone, who had interviewed him, knew that it was not an event prepared from the beginning.
‘It’s an event that snipers me.’
-Those who have obtained an official license should go to the registration office on the 7th floor of the association. From that moment on, the student is a certified wizard and an employee of the Magic Association.
“A staff member of the Magic Association?”
To call it an event had a sense of severity.
-Then let’s have a good time. more.
Amidst the coexistence of the desire to crawl on the floor and find a license right away and the need to be so miserable, someone said.
“Well, let’s have a party first. You don’t have to turn on the lights to find it, right?”
“that’s right. Whoever gets caught wandering around gets lucky. It’s a simple event. It’s like a prize draw.”
If you think about it like that, it doesn’t seem like a big deal again, but the only word left in my head is the official wizard license.
As expected, when the students scattered in all directions, Eruki slapped Shirone on the side and said.
“What happened? Can you talk to us?”
“It is as you think. The current event, in fact, was proposed to me. I declined.”
“Hmm. Love-hate or caring? It’s pretty complicated.”
Nade asked.
“What do we do? Even if you pretend it’s not the other kids, they’re already searching everywhere. Shall we find them too?”
“You can do it according to your own judgment. But I won’t.”
The wizard Shirone dreamed of was not like that.
“For now, watch. I’m sure they didn’t make it easy to find.”
The atmosphere of such a bizarre event was ripe.
Few students were openly looking for it, but it was not uncommon to see most of them pretending to enjoy communion while lifting a plate or rummaging under the table pretending to pick up something.
‘does not exist. Where the hell are you?’
No matter how large the annex was, there were a lot of people, so the place that could be seen with the naked eye was confirmed in an instant.
“I can’t find it either.”
Eruki said.
“If the current event is unplanned, it means that the students hid their licenses after they came in. If so, I can raise roughly two possibilities. First, it was hidden by magic. Second, it was hidden through outsourcing employees.”
The students around me were startled and hovered within a certain distance.
It wasn’t Nade who wouldn’t notice, but he didn’t care.
“If you’re a Servant, you can remember all the movements of outsourcing employees.”
The current number of staff helping the party was 23.
“As far as memory goes, none of the employees did anything to hide anything. Of course, I can’t confirm that it moved from a blind spot.”
“Maybe the employees don’t have it?”
“I cannot deny the possibility.”
‘It’s an employee!’
The students scattered all over the place and talked to the outsourcing staff.
“Do you have any licenses? Or something was handed over. Be honest!”
The staff members shook their heads in bewilderment, but the students persisted in their questioning.
“Don’t do that, give me a hint! Is it like a password? Can I just say the keyword?”
Eruki, who was watching their commotion, said.
“This president of the association is not normal either.”
If there’s one thing that can emotionally drive the best students in the country, it’s probably the magician’s license.
“I couldn’t have entrusted it to an outsourced employee. It was hidden by magic.”
From this point on, Shirone’s voice became quieter and Eruki and Nade became conscious of their surroundings.
“that’s right. The staff never left the annex, and were never replaced with someone else.”
Nade asked.
“There was no blind spot?”
“of course. I’ve been watching you from start to finish.”
If it was Eruki, he would still be there.
“But how did you hide it with magic? The magic control device is activated.”
Shirone said.
“That’s the hint. Rufist is testing us.”
“This bastard! Don’t go away! This seat is mine!”
“I said I came first!”
Voices began to rise from all sides.
“At first, you can take it indifferently.”
Eruki turned his head to them.
“But when I see other competitors moving, I get nervous. What if he finds the license? Even though it’s actually a 1 in 150 chance, I feel like I’m being robbed.”
said Nade.
“Because the human pleasure center takes other people’s failures more stimulatingly than one’s own successes.”
“It’s a crowd control method used by politicians. Once the number increases, you can’t stop from then on. The will of the individual is swept away by the whole, and only the desire not to hand over success to others is at work.”
The value of the part is absorbed into the whole.
“I don’t like it.”
Shirone glared at the video recorder installed in the corner.
You seemed to be saying that you too are just slaves to the system.
“Annoyed by the topic from the province!”
Eventually, a fist fight ensued.
“You bastard! You hit first!”
The party quickly turned into mayhem as it led to clashes between schools.
“haha. Kuck.”
Fermi, who was leaning against the wall and watching, licked the corners of his mouth.
“It’s such a beautiful night.”
Those who understand and use the system.
“The license is mine!”
“shut up! Anyway, I’m supposed to join the Association!”
The one who got eaten by the system.
“stop.”
Shirone clenched both fists.
“I mean stop!”
Who opposes the system.
-You don’t even know who came up with the red and blue colors.
And the meta system reigning over that system.
‘I have to stop somehow.’
Rufist’s intentions no longer remained in the minds of those who fought.
Shirone shook her head, concentrating on entering the Spirit Zone.
‘As expected.’
The magic control device distracts concentration by diverting some of the specific brain waves when a human is concentrating.
Therefore, it was a bizarre situation where only the spirit zone could not be entered even in situations where one could think.
In front of technology that could make magicians look like ordinary people, Shirone opened her eyes and contemplated the world as a whole.
‘Jikji!’
When the Ultima System was activated, the information from the Magic Control Device was disassembled and permeated into the smallest units.
‘wow… … .’
I felt like I was standing in the middle of a world where the endless melody of information was vibrating like a skipping rope.
After channeling her consciousness through the gaps that change in real time, Shirone finally reached the point of focus.
“Everybody close your eyes!”
Above Shirone’s head, the sphere of light was compressed at a terrifying speed, and the friends who had already experienced it closed their eyes tightly.
‘Shining Impact!’
When the flashing, huge white light exploded, the landscape of the annex was erased as if it had returned to nothing.
“Hoo?”
As light emanated from all the monitors illuminating the annex, Lufist, who had been resting his chin on it, raised the corner of his mouth.
“Because I am Gaian… … .”
At the same time, the lights on the monitors were turned off and the surprised expressions of the students were captured.
“What, what?”
The students who had stopped fighting looked back at Shirone one by one.
“stop. What are you going to do with us fighting each other? We can get things like licenses on our own.”
Reasonable words shamed the emotional ones, and soon turned into anger through rationalization.
“Who are you to tell us this and that? Do you think you’re going to be a lofty guy?”
“okay! Do you think we only fight for licenses? This is your chance to join the Association!”
Shirone spread her palms.
‘Photon Cannon!’
As photons containing mass were born and vibrated terribly, the faces of the students turned pale.
“Uh, how do you do magic?”
Those who confirmed that the magic control device was still working could not help but be astonished.
“no way… … Did you take a detour?”
Curtis, the first in the ranks of the Royal School of Magic, muttered with a bewildered face.
It’s not that a fight broke out and they didn’t try, but it didn’t make sense for a single student to break through the association’s security.
‘Nonsense! You cheated. Otherwise… … .’
There cannot be such a difference.
Shirone approached Curtis with a photon cannon in the air.
“Move.”
“Ugh!”
He was stunned for a moment, but he, now no different from a normal person, had no choice.
As Curtis slowly backed away, Shirone’s gaze descended and pierced the floor below.
‘Here.’
Through Jikji, a box that someone magically moved came through as a feeling.
‘Break through the security device suggested by the association.’
That is the minimum condition to obtain a certified wizard license.
‘That’s what annoys me!’
As Shirone gnashed his teeth and threw the photon cannon, the floor shattered with a roar.
“I really destroyed it with light.”
It was the moment when I saw with my own eyes the reality of God’s particles, which I had only encountered in magazines.
The space under the floor was empty, and Shirone reached in and opened the box to take out her license.
“ah… … .”
The students looked at it with envy and earnest longing.
‘I want to have it, certified wizard license.’
It was also a qualification that guaranteed to be assigned to the Magic Association.
‘Lupist, this is my answer.’
Shirone, who presented her license to the video recording device, cast multiple beams using Elysion.
Puff puff puff puff!
The license was twisted and eventually shattered as the three small bezels struck the object in the middle.
“what… … !”
While the students were fascinated by the absurd situation, Shirone glared at Lufist and scattered the fragmented certificates in the air.
The video recording device was staring at it expressionlessly.
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 616 - The Hottest Place (5).txt
===============================
[616] The Hottest Place (5)
It happened unconsciously, and it could be said that Shirone’s decision was decisive.
After reaching the magic that gives mass to light, the ability to bypass the magic control device, and what he destroyed, the students realized reality.
“Crazy! Whatever it is, destroy it!”
“Arrogant child! If you were going to destroy it anyway, you could pass it on to someone else!”
Shirone looked back at the students.
“What do you gain from doing that?”
“A certified wizard! It’s an employee card of the Magic Association!”
As Rufist said, only 5 out of 150 people could get it normally.
It could be said that it was unconventional to bet one of those five cards as an event, but Shirone had no regrets.
“Then what have we been doing for a year? Did you train hard just to pick up a license here?”
“Where is the sophistry! The reason you work hard is to get results. And you tore the results right in front of your eyes!”
“It’s mine, so I can do whatever I want.”
The annex was enveloped in silence.
“The real result is to build skills worthy of the license. It wasn’t yours from the start.”
“You can’t even call it yours.”
Curtis stepped out.
“I don’t know how they bypassed the Magic Control Device, but wasn’t there some kind of transaction?”
Shirone’s eyebrows twitched.
“What are you talking about?”
“You had a one-on-one meeting with the president of the association. And you are one of the most famous students in the kingdom. Can you reveal what the conversation was about there?”
“It’s a personal thing. I have no reason to tell you.”
“No, I have now. The exceptional privilege of being a certified wizard. And only you bypassed the magic control. Surely that’s suspicious, isn’t it? It means that the current event is like a plan made only for you.”
students rose up
“okay! I said it was kind of weird! Tell the association president what you heard!”
Eruki came out.
“Shirone destroyed her certified mage license. It is proof that there was no transaction.”
“I can’t believe that either. Anyway, you made a unique result in front of the 5 most prestigious graduating classes in the kingdom. This could be an excuse for preferential treatment in some way.”
Shirone shook her head.
“It is an illusion. In this event, only those who can bypass the magic control device can obtain a license. Don’t be scared and focus properly. Currently, the security level of the annex is not that high.”
“You know who hasn’t? Now, who else has bypassed the Magic Control Device other than you? This is definitely a scam!”
“You are hurting your pride.”
A clear sound wave spread from the place where the greasy voice was heard, and the freezing magic was cast.
When the students turned their heads in surprise, Frings was floating ice crystals on his hands.
“No, no magic… … .”
With Frings’ sense of feeling and avoiding even the shape of the Spirit Zone, he was able to circumvent the current level of security.
“Just because you don’t do it doesn’t mean you can’t do it. Wouldn’t it be less dignified to dig up the ground?”
Druze Frings (22nd place in the graduating class).
Specialization: Freezing type of freezing magic.
Special note: Super sensitive senses. transformation. Head of the Hide and Seek Research Club.
Then, the students also began to take Shirone’s words seriously.
“This is the Magic Association.”
As Fermi moved his steps and raised his index finger, a fire burned at the tip of his finger.
“That means the Association is watching us. Can I stand there stupidly like that? If you don’t pass the cut-off, you won’t be able to enter the Magic Association even after you die, right?”
Those who were only focused on the certified wizard license finally realized the true meaning of this event.
‘I have to show myself to be successful.’
No matter who came first, I tried to enter the spirit zone with concentration.
However, no one succeeded until 30 seconds passed.
‘no! I can’t get into the Spirit Zone!’
It was an impossible difficulty even for Curtis, who was ranked first in the Royal Magic School.
‘I can’t do this. Three people on the Alpheas side have already succeeded… … .’
Does it make sense to say you can’t do it?
“Something is tricking you!”
Curtis shouted.
“It’s contrived and deceiving us! I’m number one in the ranks of the Royal Magic School!”
“The interpretation of truth depends on its limits.”
When Curtis turned around, he saw a large man resembling an orangutan weaving.
He was a senior conger at Alpheas Magic School.
“What are you? I’m just knitting… … !”
Curtis paused, realizing that the thread around Conger’s hand was steel.
Her movements were delicate, but the muscles in her arms twitched each time she bent the steel into a new pattern.
“Whoa, just threading? Don’t think common sense is all you know. It sounds like delusion to some.”
The wire twisted grotesquely between Konger’s palms, creating a beautiful rose pattern.
Vic Conger (6th place in the senior class finals).
Major: Casting type of steel magic.
Special note: special alloy ductility that remembers its shape.
As Alpheas Magic School succeeded in concentrating one by one, the students’ faces turned red.
‘What the hell is this place?’
It felt like winners and losers were divided by an invisible boundary between the possible and the impossible.
“Did you take a detour too?”
Arin nodded at Canis’ question.
“huh. It’s not a very complicated structure, but it’s not so simple that anyone can do it either. Still, there are quite a few successful people in our school. It’s not like I’m revealing it.”
Her menarche passed through all of the friends who had successfully detoured, and stopped at the one made up of a network of light.
“I’m sorry.”
Everyone turned their heads as Dante gave a bang and put down his glass.
“Give up concentration that doesn’t work, and think about how you guys are being treated. Even as an association, it is the scout’s own right to evaluate us. Why don’t you value your values a little more?”
Curtis growled.
“Then you haven’t been doing anything yet, have you? Do you think it will look cool if you say it that way?”
“At least it doesn’t look pathetic. Unlike you fools, I know what to fight for.”
“What to fight?”
At the same time as Dante entered the Spirit Zone, a 7-fold magic circle with 7 concentric circles was born.
“The security of the magic control device currently in operation is the old-generation method using multiple substitution cryptography. You can unlock it as long as you understand the mechanism.”
The cords that rotated in different directions stood tall and disappeared with a glow.
-warning. warning. An unauthorized informational attack occurred in the first floor annex.
The warning lights flashed, followed by a broadcast by the association guide.
-Level 3 security device has been disabled. Please check with the person in charge as soon as possible. I’ll say it again. The current level 3 security device in the annex on the 1st floor… … .
The students who heard the broadcast opened their mouths in a daze, and Amy raised her ax eye and approached Dante.
“You madman! What if we hack into the association’s security facility!”
“It doesn’t matter. I guess I was expecting this anyway.”
Dante was so annoyed.
“It doesn’t matter if you guys fight among yourself, but don’t make me cheap by arguing too. If you want to evaluate me, you will have to go through the due process.”
It was a message to the meta system who was enjoying this situation.
“cheap? Cheap?”
Curtis glared at Dante’s back as he walked away.
“wait. Apologize to everyone for what you just said.”
“apologize?”
Dante turned his head.
“You insulted all of the 5 most prestigious graduating classes in the kingdom right now. If I can’t get an apology here, I won’t back down either.”
Pandora shouted as the flames blazed in Curtis’ hand.
“You are laughing! You guys touched me first!”
It’s an inexcusable fact, but Curtis didn’t back down.
There is no way I can take the exam completely with this state of mind at the point where the graduation exam is just around the corner.
Above all, it was only natural that the honor of the school would fall to the ground if he, who represents the kingdom’s most prestigious family, went back like this.
“I apologize. Unless you want to ruin everything.”
If you make a mess through the use of force, there will be no school that benefits mentally.
It wasn’t Dante who didn’t know that fact, but that’s why he couldn’t do anything good for others.
“Nope? It’s self-employed.”
“You bastard!”
As Curtis increased his firepower and charged, several students followed.
It was a magical battle on a different level from a fistfight.
“Everyone calm down.”
At the same time as the flame magic was fired, Eden opened his arms.
‘Saint Barrier.’
As the curtain of light spread around her, the magic instantly dissipated, and even pushed all the students in front to the wall.
“Keugh! What, what!”
As many as 100 students were stuck between the St. Barrier and the wall, unable to move.
‘Eden… … .’
Students from other schools were surprised by her defense that transcended common sense, but those who knew her paid attention to her magic of a different nature than before.
‘I changed the battery to wide-area defense.’
Her absolute defense ability works through her strong omnipotence of believing in God, but the concentration of magic to protect only herself also played a part.
Giving up one of the two pillars that make up the Absolute Barrier was unconvincing, but Shirone, who competed directly with her, instead smiled.
‘You’ve grown, Eden.’
He decided to break his ego and become a true messenger of God and preach love.
“How do you do this! I won’t be able to move!”
Saint Barrier was cozy and warm, but powerful enough to be impenetrable by any magic.
“Violence is not good. Let’s settle it peacefully.”
Candler Eden (ranked 25th in the graduating class).
Specialization: Wide-area protection of defensive magic.
Special note: Powerful omnipotence based on faith.
“Damn it! Release this quickly! Who are you to teach us!”
“Aww! it’s annoying!”
A student’s cry was clearly transmitted to the monitor in the central control room through the video recording device.
“It has been decided.”
As Lufist stood up, Jane, the chief secretary, who had arrived at the moment the magic control device was released, asked.
“Isn’t that a lot of fun? They are still immature in judgment and action.”
“The weak will be weeded out anyway. Besides, isn’t that really the case? Someone is already making professional judgments and actions.”
“The problem is that they are all Alpheas Magic School students.”
When evaluated by student standards, the graduating class of this year’s Royal Academy of Magic is by no means low.
However, the root of the problem was that the senior class of Alpheas Magic School was unprecedentedly outstanding.
“Anyway, that’s interesting. I mean Ultima.”
Rufist looked for Shirone on the monitor.
“If information is dismantled as a single entity, the cryptosystem itself is powerless.”
“How about the highest level of security?”
“It’s no use. Because all information is equal in front of Ultima. Humans and insignificant things are the same, and high school mathematics is not differentiated from children’s arithmetic.”
“… … They are the most difficult to control.”
“It seems impossible. So it is dangerous.”
Jane looked back at Rufist as he left the door.
“How are you going to party?”
“Calm down and send it. Because the festival is over.”
The door is closed.
“How long do you think you can keep us tied up?”
The annex was a mess due to the profanity of the students.
“Just let the magic dissolve! You guys are dead to me today!”
As dozens of students poured out their criticisms, the listeners also began to get feverish.
“These… … .”
Just as the closer was about to leave, someone shouted from the rear.
“Because I really want to see you!”
Puff puff puff puff!
Above the heads of all the students of Alpheas Magic School, the effect of utility magic exploded in a fast rhythm.
Where the surprised students turned around, Suabi was standing with her eyes wide open.
“Does a person look easy because he always smiles?”
Puffup! pop! Pupperpuppung!.
The students stared in awe at the sight of utility magic being cast in a cycle as accurate as a machine.
“Suabi is angry… … .”
Winner Suabi (18th in the final ranking of the senior class).
Major: Multi-buff series of utility magic.
Special note: High-speed cross force battery replacement using a superhuman sense of rhythm.
Everyone admired with the same expression whenever they felt the ability strengthened through the buff.
‘It’s awesome. The cross force has become faster.’
Only then did Eden take Saint Barrier, but none of the students moved.
Looking at the 30 kinds of buffs that go into all 29 people, I couldn’t bear to fight.
“how is it? If we want to see each other, can we loosen the bolts too?”
Fermi finally came forward as a representative.
“Keugh!”
Watching the senior class of Alpheas Magic School gather, Curtis lowered his head helplessly.
The figure of 3.8x is not an exaggeration.
Some students shed tears of resentment, but, again, they had no sympathy for Fermi.
“Remember. Because we are the protagonists of this year’s graduation exam.”
The hottest spot was determined.
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 617 - Decisive Day (1).txt
===============================
[617] Decisive Day (1)
The faces of the 30 graduating class who left the capital and arrived at Creas by magic circle were majestic.
“Have you seen the facial expressions of the royal guys? It was a complete F*cking face. So why are you arguing? Saying you won’t even be able to find it.”
“I didn’t know it when I only looked at the numbers, but looking at it now, there is a clear difference in level.”
“Thanks to our hard work.”
Competing with top-notch students meant pushing their potential beyond their limits, knowingly or unknowingly.
“Still, I’m glad I won something before the graduation exam. It gives me some confidence.”
The competition is fierce, but the skills built up through hard work did not go anywhere.
While each spoke confidently, Collie, who led them, gradually darkened her expression.
By the time they arrived at Alpheas Magic School, it was already past midnight, so tomorrow was the graduation exam.
“good night. See you in the morning.”
After the roll call, the students dispersed, but Colly said.
“Could you give me a minute?”
The students turned around with puzzled expressions.
I had taken the graduation exam under Collie for several years, but this was the first time.
As the students, who met each other’s eyes, rushed in regardless of their ranks, Collie gestured for them to sit down comfortably.
“I’m sorry at such a sensitive time, but there is something I really want to say today.”
“Where is that word? How much has the teacher suffered in the past year?”
A benevolent smile appeared on Collie’s always calm lips.
“You guys are the ones who have risen to this position by building up your skills step by step from the lower class.”
The students focused with their eyes shining.
“That means that there are no people here right now who don’t like competition or who go to school just to be a wizard.”
It was not a graduating class that one could come up to with a complacent spirit.
“That’s why I want to ask at this point.”
Collie struggled until the end and spat out.
“Can’t we just give up on wizards?”
In the silence, the students had many thoughts.
It was because they, too, are human beings who know fear and feel pain when it is difficult.
“As I watch you shine today, I wonder what you are doing. The most important thing in the world is happiness. Will these children be happy? Every day we fight, compete, envy, and be jealous. Do you want to become a wizard even if you do that?”
For the first time in his life as a teacher, he revealed his inner thoughts.
“Competition is a pyramid built with human flesh and blood. All it takes to raise that pyramid is the body of a loser. Step on it, step on it, step on it, and only one can get to the top.”
Only 10 out of 30 can pass.
“Even if you pass, it is not the end. The misery of the losers needed to rise to higher ground will increase exponentially. that’s why i say The seat at the top is so bright and splendid, but the probability of you being there is so slim. Don’t just try to win, can’t you just stop looking for happiness?”
No one said a word, but the eyes of the students were burning like never before.
‘Yes, there’s no giving up in your dictionary.’
If he was a person who needed sympathy, he would not have been able to come up here in the first place.
‘I guess I should retire too.’
As the head teacher who manages the iron rules of the senior class, the fact that she uttered such weak words was evidence of her old age.
“Even so, if you don’t give up… … .”
It was something I could say because I watched the whole year with my own two eyes.
“Fight and win! No blood, no tears, no sympathy! Don’t be generous, trample on your friends and go up!”
If becoming a wizard is your only happiness.
“You must become a wizard!”
“yes!”
The students’ voices echoed through the night sky.
the next morning.
The first day in a year of doing nothing came back.
Some students woke up a little later to recover, and some students woke up earlier than usual.
“Huh.”
Of the 30 students who woke up, Nade was the only one who could stretch.
‘hungry. Do you serve breakfast today?’
As the day approached, the thought that came to my mind was that it was the most refreshing thing to give away a mage’s license.
“huh?”
While I was washing my face and wiping my face, I saw a letter that came through the crack in the door.
“what?”
Nade’s face wrinkled as he draped a towel over his shoulder and identified the sender.
West family.
Nade threw it away as if he had touched something terrible, but eventually picked up the letter again and opened the envelope.
What were you expecting?
No, even though the expected situation had come true, anger soared in my heart and I couldn’t control it.
“An evil woman!”
Nade tore the letter into pieces.
“Come now, what kind of a stranger do you come!”
She is a mother who does not even pay attention to whether her son has talent or not and only talks about money.
‘By the way, you’re attending the graduation exam?’
It was now that Nade was about to swallow everything he had accumulated so far in exchange for pain and despair.
‘It’s better trample on hope You will fail as soon as the test starts. No, I will die! In front of your eyes!’
“Nade, are you in?”
Nade hurriedly changed his expression at Shirone’s voice, pushed the piece of letter under the bed and opened the door.
“uh. come in.”
Eruki was also there.
“How are you feeling? Tomorrow is the exam.”
“Of course I am happy to fly. But what happened? I was about to leave soon. Didn’t they serve you breakfast today?”
“Junior. Before that, I wanted you to try this too.”
Shirone took out a piece of paper from her bosom.
“I made a bet with Eruki. Get grades 1 through 10 on the graduation exam. Whoever wins buys the food.”
On the paper, the predicted rankings of Shirone and Eruki were written, and the first place was, of course, their respective names.
“Aha, that’s why the winner lives.”
“You participate too. You can also make new resolutions.”
“Hmm, from 1st to 10th.”
After thinking for a while, Nade came to the idea that if his name wasn’t written down, Shirone and Eruki would notice.
“I won’t. I thought it would only add to the burden if I did it for nothing.”
This was the reason Shirone suggested it.
“Nade, you can’t… … .”
“haha! don’t worry. I can’t be the only one who stays in school when you guys graduate. I’m going to go to the bathroom I’m going to the restaurant first. My stomach hurts.”
Shirone sighed and turned around.
“okay. Let’s talk later.”
Nade, who was watching his friends leave, called to Eruki right before the door closed.
“Eruki.”
“huh?”
“Speak well so that Shirone doesn’t get hurt… … .”
“no. you do it I don’t know what you’re thinking, but if you disappoint Shirone, I won’t see you either.”
“Eruki… … .”
“It doesn’t matter if you drop out. It’s not bad to lose one competitor. But do you know If you beat Shirone, you’ll be number one in the kingdom. You will gain wealth and fame. Why are you doing this?”
You will gain wealth and fame.
A father who spends all his money on gambling and a mother who doesn’t appreciate talent in the slightest would do the same.
“Think calmly. What will help your life. You can’t do anything if you’re obsessed with hatred.”
Nade, who smiled bitterly, trembled.
“haha! What kind of jokes are there? Honestly, how do I beat Shirone? They say how strong Shirone is.”
“Are you serious?”
Nade’s smile hardened as Eruki looked serious.
“You really think so? Do you think you’ll never win no matter how hard you try?”
“Eruki, I’m just having fun with Shirone… … .”
“Answer me clearly now. If you go back and attack me later, then I won’t stay still.”
Nade bowed his head.
“Look, you think you are stronger. then fight Both Shirone and I tried our best. If you come out like that, you ignore our efforts.”
“Eruki, what are you doing? let’s hurry.”
Shirone’s voice was heard from the hallway.
“I will definitely answer.”
Nade raised his head as if he had made up his mind.
“Shirone is stronger than me. I will never fight Shirone.”
“… … See you at the restaurant.”
Eruki closed the door.
* * *
After breakfast, Shirone broke up with her friends and went for a walk in the garden.
On this day a year ago, I passed through the steel gate to meet Amy and Seriel.
However, when he became the main character, he finally understood how nervous they were at the time.
‘It feels like there’s a piece of iron in my chest.’
Faced with her second test this year, Amy must have been fighting the tension even more fiercely.
‘Because the pass rate for repeat students is the lowest.’
As it was a test that mobilized everything, it was possible to analyze even the situation in the restaurant.
Only 2 out of 30 skipped breakfast. It was Richard and Amy from Alchemy.
‘Richard can eat something else instead of food, but… … .’
If Amy didn’t come to the restaurant, there was a high probability that the tension was hitting the limit.
‘Should I go?’
Shirone shook her head.
It was impossible to care about a friend even if he raised his concentration to the highest level.
“but… … .”
Amy was not a friend.
* * *
Amy tried not to attach special importance to skipping breakfast.
After putting in my best effort, I achieved a much higher growth than last year, so there was nothing to be nervous about.
‘Concentration. Let’s concentrate.’
After washing her body, she sat on the bed feeling refreshed, calmly closing her eyes and raising her concentration.
‘I need to feel the self-image memory more closely.’
The competition rate of the graduating class was the highest in the history of the school, and one minor mistake could ruin another year.
“Huh!”
Amy, who ran to the bathroom with her mouth covered, threw her face into the toilet, causing all of her gastric juices to flow backwards.
“Wow! Wow!”
Even though nothing came out, the inside was turned upside down, and the anxiety that had been suppressed until now exploded all at once.
failure. failure.
Only bad thoughts came to my mind.
‘Calm down, you idiot! If you’re nervous, it’s over!’
“Amy, are you in?”
Amy, who turned her head at Shirone’s voice, couldn’t bear to open the door and asked.
“uh. what’s the matter?”
“I haven’t eaten breakfast, so I’m worried.”
“ha… … .”
I should have gone to a restaurant instead.
When the door opened, Shirone noticed Amy’s pale face and said with a surprised expression.
“It’s not good either.”
“haha! It’s not like that. It’s just because I vomited.”
“… … .”
Realizing her mistake, Amy looked away.
“I feel bad. It’s nothing, don’t worry about it.”
When Shirone’s foot crossed the threshold, Amy sat down on the bed as if giving up.
“Honestly, it’s a mess. I don’t know why I’m doing this.”
“I fully understand. I would have been nervous too.”
It was only after hearing those words that Amy remembered that Shirone also had an exam ahead of her.
“Sorry. I just made you worry.”
“What are you talking about? Not just friends… … .”
I didn’t say it out of my mouth, but it was a fact that I already knew.
Otherwise, I wouldn’t have come this far with the most important test of my life in front of me.
‘Come to think of it, you really waited a long time.’
Last winter, at the Inn in the Snow Crystal, he remembered how he ignored Shirone’s feelings.
“Can I sit down?”
The future is unknown, but the current question was definitely suggesting another possibility.
When I thought so, my heart raced like it would explode.
“huh.”
A shy voice leaked from Amy’s lips.
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 618 - Decisive Day (2).txt
===============================
[618] Decisive Day (2)
* * *
In Richard’s room, where various mechanical parts were rolling around in a mess, a mechanical sound was heard.
It was quite eerie to see mirrors installed everywhere and servicing one’s body with tools, but it was something that had to be done one day before the graduation exam.
The lid was open from the right chest to the side, and the core power organ attached to the heart glowed red.
The detached right arm was caught between the two legs, and after waxing, he grabbed the forearm and attached it to his shoulder.
Following the sound of the machine scratching an itch, the five fingers wriggled like octopus legs, and the ball bearings in the elbow part rotated, performing movements that are impossible for humans.
“Hmm.”
Richard was satisfied.
‘Next is system synchronization.’
When I closed one eye and adjusted the brain waves, a blue light shimmered inside the machine-made iris.
Numerous measurement information changed in real time in the blue field of vision as if submerged in water.
Richard’s father, Einka Marto, was the owner of Ainka Pension, the second largest alchemy foundation in the world, and the director of the BioRobotics Lab, a strategic weapons development department under Valkyrie.
The fact that the immediate family members of such families were willing to commit themselves to experiments with a less than 30 percent chance of success was indicative of the family’s tendencies.
Even implanting a mechanical device in the brain had less than a 4% chance of success, but Marto did not hesitate to open the eldest son’s skull.
‘Hehe, we have a lot of brothers.’
Having remodeled 35 percent of his body at the risk of his life, what he gained was the trust of the Foundation’s board of directors and biologically impossible powerlessness.
‘Clike fix.’
As I extended my right arm and entered a command, a cross mark appeared at the final point where my fist was aiming.
‘Activate battle simulation.’
The scenery in the room turned into a forest, and numerous monsters jumped out from between the cover and ran towards Richard.
‘Equipped with a flame magic stone.’
The elbow joint was greatly shaken.
The magic crystal used by Richard was not a disposable product sold on the market, but a special product of Ainka Alchemy, and it was a state-of-the-art material that mass-produced ‘Essence of the Spirit’, which is only 17 in the world.
‘launch!’
As the right arm repeatedly moved forward and backward with a hollow sound, a virtual fireball burst out and knocked down the monsters.
‘Replace the Magic Stone. chill.’
The elbow spun with a chiming sound, and this time sharp ice spikes shot out.
The automatic location tracking function calculated the current coordinates and acceleration of the monster and selected the target to hit first, and Richard just had to shoot accordingly.
After annihilating 200 monsters, the mission end signal appeared and an analysis chart appeared.
There were 3 monsters that approached within a radius of 20 meters, and the click error rate was 0%.
‘Disable battle simulation.’
Richard raised his eyebrows as the dense forest disappeared and returned to the scenery in the room.
“Perfect.”
Ainka Richards (Seventeenth in the senior class).
Major: Engineering in alchemy.
Special note: 35% of body modified with alchemy technology. The next head of the Ainka Foundation.
* * *
Amy and Shirone sat side by side on the bed, silent for a while.
“… … .”
The reason your heart beats just by being next to you is probably because it’s a special day.
‘Whatever the result… … .’
Today, the possibilities they dream of become a harsh reality.
“Can I pass?”
Aimee, who has never left someone else to judge for a moment, but I really wanted to hear it this time.
“of course.”
It was the same with Shirone that even if it was a lie, she needed confirmation.
“You did your best. Think of the days we worked hard.”
“But that’s all the same. If you fail here… … .”
One more year to fight.
No, can we really fight more?
“I have no confidence. I’ve worked hard, so I want to leave it to the will of heaven… … That doesn’t work.”
“Amy.”
Shirone grabbed Amy by the shoulder and turned her back.
“You are not inferior to anyone in your senior class. I can vouch for it.”
“really?”
“okay. you are one of the best students Take a hard look at yourself. No matter how fierce the competition is, as long as you don’t make mistakes, you can pass.”
Listening to Shirone’s words and thinking about it, it was definitely so.
I analyzed the graduating class for a year, and if you take the exam normally, you will definitely get good grades.
“Shirone.”
When the tension disappeared, it felt like I could see Shirone’s face for the first time.
‘What will happen to us in the future?’
Shirone read Amy’s eyes and said.
“We are us. No matter what the outcome is, my heart won’t change.”
Even if both of them pass and move on to a wider world, only their hearts will reach.
“huh.”
The world seemed to close its eyes at her small voice, and Shirone slowly brought her face closer.
“no way… … mi.”
The sound was muted, and Amy lifted her chin gently.
Just before a monument is erected in the history of the two as they become close enough to feel each other’s breath.
‘Wait, I was a little while ago… … .’
Amy’s eyes flashed open.
“Shirone, wait a minute. Time for now.”
“uh? huh?”
Shirone, who was completely leaning on Amy, hurriedly backed away and blushed.
“Why, why?”
“that is… … It seems to be in trouble right now. in fact… … .”
When Amy pointed to the bathroom with her gaze, Shirone realized too belatedly.
“Ah, it was.”
From a woman’s point of view, the first kiss after vomiting would be a truly terrible memory.
In an embarrassed atmosphere, Shirone slapped both knees.
“Hmmmm, I can’t.”
Unable to hide her disappointment, Amy, feeling remorse, hurriedly added:
“It’s not because I really don’t want to do it. Really. therefore… … .”
“I know. I’m fine too.”
As Shirone smiled and comforted her, Amy lowered her head shyly and looked at her.
“Go now… … Shall I brush my teeth?”
Shirone, who was staring at Amy’s cute face, couldn’t hold back her laughter and collapsed onto the bed.
* * *
No one in the 30 thought they would be eliminated tomorrow.
No matter how the rankings of the senior class were decided, surprises do happen, and everyone had prepared a trump card to pass.
“A strategic alliance?”
In the garden behind the graduating class building, Binder, Suabi, and Luman were having a private conversation.
“okay. You guys are utilitarians. My suggestion wouldn’t be bad.”
Binder, who hosted the meeting, said while touching his horn-rimmed glasses.
He barely managed to pull up in class two, but he was an excellent theorist who received 100 points in theory in the advanced class and a perfect score in the senior class battery implementation evaluation without difficulty.
“As you know, I got perfect marks in all classes of basic magic. However, it is true that there are no special advantages.”
Suabi and Luman also listened to the coldly analyzed words.
“But with your help, my balance could be your best weapon. It means that if Suabi’s buff is focused only on me and Luman’s crowd control ability creates a situation, I can compete with anyone in my senior year.”
Elcrass Binder (20th place in the senior class final).
Major: A branch of magic analysis science.
Special note: Master of 36 types of prescribed magic designated by the association.
“Hmm, that makes sense.”
While Suabi took it positively, Luman snorted.
“Do you honestly think it makes sense? That way, in the end, only you benefit. If you go into high competition, the team will eventually break up.”
Luman had gained more weight from binge eating for a year, but his head was still spinning fast.
“Maybe it is. So I’m going to make a suggestion. If a situation arises in which one of the three of us has to drop out, I will be the first to give up.”
This time, Luman had no choice but to think a lot.
“Hmm, instead of monopolizing the utility, it seems that you will take the risk as well. But how can I believe you?”
“There is no way to prove it. You can write a side contract if you want, but even that won’t give you 100 percent confidence.”
“That’s right. What if you hit the back of the head?”
“That will never happen, but then you will be branded a coward for the rest of your life. Not a bad suggestion for you guys anyway. The current contract is possible because each other’s shortcomings are perfectly complemented.”
Binder would be the only one in the senior class who would ask for utility even while claiming to be eliminated first.
“I will.”
Suabi raised her hand first.
“Out of the six events of the graduation exam, four events are affected by interpersonal combat power. From my point of view as a utility, there is nothing to lose by working with Binder. Because we are strong in the remaining two events.”
“If I add to that, it will be perfect.”
If Binder and Suabi had already made a decision, Luman would also drive them to maximize the synergy effect.
“good. Let’s make a team of three. But there is a condition. The next person to be eliminated after Binder is Suabi. If that doesn’t work, I will give up this negotiation.”
It was a selfish remark, but Luhman’s ability to control crowds was absolutely necessary as he could turn the tide of war in an instant.
“good. I’ll do the second one. But to be clear, this is a strategy that we try on the premise that all three of us pass.”
“don’t worry. Because I’m the only one who has crowd control in my senior year. Whether it’s 15 to 15 or 1 to 29, I’ll take control of the situation however you want.”
Podran Ruhmann (16th place in the senior class).
Specialty: Crowd control series of trap magic.
Special Features: Gluttony. Excellent situational judgment skills.
“good. Then you run like this. Let’s make sure that the names of the three of us are included in the successful applicants tomorrow.”
As the sun went down, all 30 graduating class members completed their preparations for the ultimate kill.
* * *
The morning of the graduation exam day was bright.
The students were waiting in their rooms to be called, and in front of the large Colosseum, where the graduation exams were being held, scouts from all over the world, students from advanced classes, and parents of the final exam participants had already arrived and formed a sea of people.
“Scouts, please enter first and take your seats!”
When the person in charge opened the west door, a group of 287 scouts dispatched from 65 countries under the Red Line moved forward.
Most of the parents gathered here were the best people in the kingdom, but the eyes of the scout who would analyze the future of their children contained the earnestness of parents.
Knowing that fact, scouts only faced the front or disappeared, reviewing pre-received student profiles.
“The years are free. That troublemaker is already taking the graduation exam.”
A man who looked exactly like Eruki got off the dazzling carriage.
All of the parents fixed their eyes on the appearance of the leader of the dragon, the Mercodyne Albino.
“It’s Mr. Albino.”
It was quite shocking that he, the brain of the kingdom, was personally observing.
“The fact that Mr. Albino came… … if?”
“Where is that word? Eruki had so many accidents.”
When Eruki’s mother got off, the eyes focused on him in a different way from an albino.
It was Magellan Arganes, an incredibly beautiful woman in her mid-thirties, the best actress in the kingdom.
Humans resemble gods, but Arganes is a woman who represents the kingdom of Tormia in terms of beauty, to the extent that it has become popular to say that Arganes is more beautiful than the gods, and her name is already known worldwide.
“It is a goddess.”
Everyone agreed with the words of someone who had forgotten the face of an aristocrat and spat out inadvertently.
“I never thought I would see Arganes in person… … .”
For parents, today was a historic day.
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 619 - Decisive Day (3).txt
===============================
[619] Decisive Day (3)
“I’m unlucky.”
When everyone was fascinated by Arganeth, only one woman let out an unpleasant thought.
It was Nade’s mother, Teria.
“What are you laughing at about being good at meeting your husband and having a good meal?”
Ugly Husband Ballroom stopped his wife.
“stop. Other nobles will listen.”
“why? Do you know how embarrassing it is? Ugh, what crime did I commit in my previous life to live like this? That woman lives on a lot of money.”
Ballroom’s face turned red.
“Today I am proud. It’s Nade’s test day.”
“Even if my children were well-behaved, I wouldn’t live like this. How expensive is school tuition? If you don’t pass today, I’ll get you a job at any factory… … .”
“stop!”
When Ballroom, who had reached the limit of his patience, shouted, the nobles around him turned around, but Teria, who had only evil left, did not blink an eye.
“What are you talking about doing well? Do you think there’s a guy here who makes less money than you? If you want to shout out loud, just earn a penny and do it!”
Ballroom just shut up.
No matter what she said, nothing good would come out of Teria.
“Oh, the couple is fighting over there.”
Amy’s mother, Isis, said, crossing the arms of her husband, Shakora.
“You can be sensitive. It’s the day when your child has an exam. I just pretend not to know.”
Isis felt the tension in her husband’s voice.
“Are you okay? My face is hardened. Are you worried that Amy will fall?”
“If you fall, you fall. That his own skills are only that. I’m just worried. Because Amy is the hardest right now.”
Karmis’s red face is a special talent that others envy, but when this situation came up, I felt bad because I felt like I was putting a needless burden on my daughter.
“It’s been a while, Shakora-san.”
Eruki’s father, Albino, came along with Arganes.
“yes. How have you been?”
As Shakora politely bowed her head, the albino turned to Arganeth and said,
“Greetings. This is Mr. Shakora of the Karmis family, Mr. Isis, the hostess.”
Arganeth bent her knees with a beautiful smile.
“I have heard of fame. My name is Arganes.”
“Ho-ho-ho! Of course you know. You are the most famous actor in the world. Please sign me later!”
Embarrassed, Shakora cleared her throat.
“sorry. Because her wife is so cheerful.”
“Oh, no. I am also a fan of Isis. How sad that you retired so early.”
Albino changed the subject.
“How is Miss Amy? Do you think the preparation went well?”
“From what I observed during the vacation, it seems that I have reached my goal. But the outcome is unknown.”
“Hehe, you are too humble. It’s Karmis anyway.”
“How is Eruki-kun? I heard that you are very talented.”
“That guy is messed up. I’ll probably do all the stupid stuff on my own and then I’ll go crazy. He came running from the capital to make fun of me when he failed.”
Arganes inflated his cheeks.
“What’s wrong with my son? Even if he only looked like me, he would be the best man in the world. Anyway, the Mercodyne gene is too strong.”
No one would think of Arganes when they saw Eruki.
“by the way… … .”
The albino looked around.
“Could Shirone-kun’s parents have arrived?”
“Ah, you know Shirone.”
“Everyone knows. The only time Eruki talks to me is when he’s talking about Shirone. It made him rethink his son’s sexual orientation.”
“Oh, that would not be it. It’s a little hard to say this, but I think our daughter has an eye for Shirone.”
“Honey, something I’m not sure about… … .”
“Huh, hearing that makes me even more curious. Who is the boy who stole the heart of the youngest daughter of the Karmis family?”
Shakora turned her gaze to find the Ogent family.
“Since Shirone is a commoner, I heard that he is receiving support. The woman over there is Miss Reina, the third daughter of the Ogent family.”
The four of them found Reina, but couldn’t find anyone who looked like Shirone’s parents.
“Ugh! Really, why are you so late?”
Just as Reina checked the time and stamped her feet, the Ogent family’s carriage arrived from afar.
Sub-butler Temuran opened the door and Vincent and Olina appeared.
Seeing the crowd of nobles, Reina approached them with pale faces.
“Welcome, Father. Fortunately, you are not late.”
“thank you for the invitation. But is it really a good place to come… … .”
“What are you talking about? Shirone is taking the graduation exam, and of course you have to come. Participants will be entering soon.”
A sleepy voice was heard from inside the carriage.
“what? They have already arrived.”
Reina raised her ax eye and shouted.
“hey! Since you went to see your parents, when are you coming back now? You almost went in without even seeing Shirone!”
“Anyway, I wish I had come on time. Anyway, nagging… … .”
Rian got down with a large sword mounted on his back.
Blue hair, sharp eyes like blades, and a perfectly trained body had an aura that overwhelms people just by looking at them.
‘Shirone… … .’
Rian looked up at the top of the Colosseum, which would determine Shirone’s future.
‘You really did it.’
It was thrilling to feel that a situation that was unimaginable even when I took the oath to become a knight came true.
“uh? Isn’t that young man’s big job, the Ogent family? Looks like the youngest son, Rian, is here.”
“They call me Mach’s swordsman. It seems to be getting quite a bit of attention among swordsmen.”
When the nobles recognized Rian, Reina subtly bent her pointing finger.
“You seem to have worked hard though, does anyone recognize you?”
When I first said that I was going to train as a knight, I really thought that I was sending a younger brother.
“I don’t care about reputation. If it hadn’t been for the Shirone graduation exam, I wouldn’t have come home.”
“This is very! When I asked him, he made fun of my family!”
Rayna kicked Rian’s thigh, but it felt like hitting a rock.
“ouch! Did you wear armor under your pants?”
Rian looked at him pathetically.
“When the hell is your sister going to grow up? I need to kill my temper, so who will take me with me?”
Tears welled up in Reina’s eyes as she rubbed her toes.
‘Now I’m trying to defeat my sister by force. It’s sad, really.’
It seemed that the good times of pampering the youngest by pulling on his ears were over.
“Then, are you going to leave again after the graduation exams?”
“I have to leave. My life is just beginning.”
“You are very busy. Where are you going this time?”
“of course… … .”
Rian turned to the school and smiled.
“This is where Shirone goes.”
* * *
A loud bell rang in the dorm hallway.
“Graduation exams are about to begin. Participants, please go to the Colosseum.”
“Whoa!”
Shirone’s eyes widened as he was sitting cross-legged.
Although I stayed up all night, my mind was the clearest in a year.
The mental strength that was consciously and unconsciously prepared for today has reached its peak.
‘This is the beginning!’
Shirone jumped up and went out into the hallway like someone who would never come back.
It was such a perfect determination.
At the same time, students rushed out from all directions.
Eruki and Nade nodded to Shirone as they walked down the hallway.
He is a friend that cannot be exchanged for anything in the world, but we had to have no conversations for a while.
“Here are the seniors of the senior year!”
Upon arriving at the Colosseum, parents flocked to see the grandeur of their proud sons and daughters.
“Mother, Shirone is coming over there.”
“Ughhh!”
When Olina cried as soon as she saw her son, it was Raina who was rather embarrassed.
“Mother, why is that? The exam hasn’t even started yet.”
“no… … I don’t know just tears… … .”
It was so complex that I couldn’t explain it.
“Still, please be patient. You can’t let Shirone get weak.”
Olina hastily wiped away her tears and pursed her lips.
‘mother. father.’
Shirone looked at her family waiting at the south gate.
‘Sister Raina. and… … .’
Standing there was Rian, who reliably guarded them.
‘You’re back.’
In a perfect state of mind with no distracting thoughts, Shirone’s head was only making factual judgments.
As I turned my head with a cold expression and entered the Colosseum, Rian raised an eyebrow.
“You prepared properly.”
Reina thought the same.
Even when she was humiliated in the Kingdom of Kazra, she had the appearance of being young, but her eyes from a moment ago were no different from those of the formal wizards she encountered in society.
“Parents, please enter through the east gate! Advanced students are the west gate!”
Following the guide’s command, the crowd gathered in front of the Colosseum was sucked into the building in an instant.
The participants who arrived in the waiting room were relaxing according to their know-how, and not a word came out.
“Whoa.”
Shirone also put on the 2,000 number bracelet given to her by the staff, took a deep breath, and waited for the time to come.
‘It’s been a while since 2,000 times.’
The large coliseum built according to the red line standard was equipped with a state-of-the-art 2,000 times device and the synchro rate was 100%.
It is no different from actual combat when the power coefficient of magic accurately impacts the mind.
Nevertheless, the reason why the 2,000 times system was used was that the condition of the participants could be checked numerically, that physical damage could be minimized even in the midst of deadly magic, and above all, for the safety of the spectators.
“We enter the Colosseum in 10 minutes.”
Hearing the guide’s words, a thrill of a kind I had never experienced before stirred up my stomach.
Ten minutes passed at the fastest pace of my life, and the door to the Colosseum opened.
‘let’s go.’
Shirone, number 27, was at the back of the line, but the shouts of the leader made it clear that it was a different world.
“Everyone, cheer us on with applause! We are proud students of Alpheas Magic School!”
“Waaaaaa!”
It was like a shower of sounds.
Under the sun, the air shimmered in a golden light, and the crowds of people in the audience were tangled together and could not be distinguished.
“Everyone stand up!”
As the students lined up in a row, principal Alfeas stepped up to the podium.
“I salute everyone who made it this far.”
During the opening speech, Shirone looked around the audience.
Advanced class students and their parents, teachers were seated on the opposite side, and scouts from around the world sat in the independently separated VIP seats.
‘This is the graduation exam.’
The six items evaluated in the graduation exam were interpersonal combat, special moves, hill occupation, magical power management, tactical strategy, and self-control survival.
The 4-to-2 ratio suggests that Redline puts a little more weight on Combat Strength when evaluating mages.
After Olivia’s explanation, the last event, the reading of the oath, began.
“one! We are children of intelligence! one! We never give up under any circumstances!”
In the midst of exhilaration, Shirone couldn’t even hear her own voice.
‘at las! at las!’
From the time he crossed the fence of Alpheas Magic School when he was 12 years old to today, his journey passed by like a kaleidoscope.
“I will start the graduation exam from now on!”
Thirty students were placed in a circle along the inner walls of the Colosseum, 15 meters apart.
Six events were engraved as roulette on a huge hologram that completely covered the sky, and the pointer system in the center began to rotate rapidly.
From the moment the event was decided, 2,000 times were activated, and Shirone prepared to enter the spirit zone by unfolding the sequence ceremony at the highest speed ever.
‘Person-to-person combat. special move. Occupy the Highlands… … .’
After tracking the events with my eyes, the indicator finally stopped.
“Wowaaaaaa!”
Shouts shook the Colosseum, and as if a switch had been turned on, everyone’s eyes, including Shirone’s, emanated the eyes of a beast.
‘This is the beginning!’
Alpheas Magic School Graduation Test 1st evaluation item.
Self-survival (enemy annihilation).
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 620 - Scout Reporting (1) 2.txt
===============================
[620] Scout Reporting (1)
– Entered the 1st stage of self-denial survival evaluation. Tier 10 monsters are randomly summoned.
At the same time as the 2,000th system was activated, the students entered the spirit zone.
‘Extreme survival… … .’
Among students, it is known as a difficult item to pick likes and dislikes, and it was a method of annihilating creatures from Tier 10 to Tier 1 listed in the Red Line Creature Encyclopedia in 10 stages.
“Gather to the center!”
All 30 people gathered at the center of the Colosseum without saying who was first, and the 2,000 system summoned creatures living in the natural environment of remote areas, such as king tarantulas, sulfuric wolves, and underground lizards, to random coordinates.
“what… … !”
The veterans of the senior year had experience in all six sports, but more than half of them had experienced self-sufficiency for the first time.
-10 Tier 1,429 creatures summoned.
The core mission is to annihilate the enemy, but self-denyingly survive.
My body shuddered as insects, beasts, reptiles, and all sorts of heinous things saturated the vast Colosseum in an instant.
“come!”
As if the earth was shaking, all creatures rushed towards the students.
“Whoops, in terms of service… … .”
As Fermi’s blizzard caused a blizzard across the radius, the remaining students cast their major magic.
For a while, the bright colors of the light that dazzled the eyes disappeared within 3 seconds of the appearance of 1,429 creatures.
-End of Phase 1. After 30 seconds, you will enter step 2.
The annihilation time given for each stage is 10 minutes.
If 10 minutes is exceeded, the next creature will be summoned immediately regardless of the remaining creatures, but if it is destroyed within the time, a 30 second break is given.
Scouts from all over the world were busy with their eyes and hands, and the scout teams of the Tormia Magic Association, Baikal, Elizabeth, and Lara also started their work.
A light came on in Elizabeth’s retina, who was wearing a bracelet connected to the 2,000 main system.
“Elimination time 3.24 seconds. A total of 23,409 magical powers. The highest number is Fermi’s 11,000 magicle, and the lowest number is Eden’s zero magicle.”
Lara’s note floating in the air unfolded, and the pen moved quickly through the writing magic.
“Hmm, 11,000 Magical.”
It was difficult to obtain students’ discrimination in the first stage of self-denial survival, but it was certainly noteworthy that they accurately controlled their magical powers.
“Entry number 1, Ardino Fermi. 10,000 units of horsepower were controlled without error.”
“Is that on purpose?”
Baikal nodded at Lara’s question.
“You know that only the highest numbers are checked in the first stage. You got attention from all the scouts in 3 seconds.”
“You have to say he’s a veteran. I got good grades every year. There are also rumors that it was intentionally eliminated.”
The evaluator combines the opinions of the analyst and the recorder to give an overall rating.
It is updated in real time, but since scouts are people too, it was more important than anything to make a good first impression.
“Judgment suspended.”
But Baikal was relaxed.
“We didn’t come just to see this much, did we?”
Upon entering the second stage, a 9-tier creature appeared.
The number of individuals exceeded about 1,000, and as a creature at the top of the habitat food chain, it was twice as large on average as Tier 10.
“Get ready!”
From leopards with sharp teeth to monkeys with sharp claws, the power of magic soared even more as wild beasts that ordinary people would not even dare to hunt charged.
The spectacle of flame and cold, lightning and light in a dazzling harmony lasted for several tens of seconds.
“Elimination time 46.22 seconds.”
“Surely fast.”
The average annihilation time of the second stage that Baikal knows was 1 minute and 32 seconds.
“A total of 76,530 magical powers. The person with the highest score is 22,000 Fermi.”
“He’s a funny guy.”
The impression of Baikal was all that.
“We are going to step 3. It will be a little different from now on.”
Starting from Tier 8, monster-type creatures differentiated from animals are included.
If the 2nd stage was simply fighting a strong animal, from the 3rd stage, it was a set of monsters that you would hardly ever encounter without deliberately seeking them out.
Aaaaang!
‘It’s crying!’
It was the monster that Shirone first grafted the god particle to the photon output, but the number exceeded two hundred from all sides.
In the sky, a grotesque Tycorn flew and groaned, and beneath the ground, a giant scorpion scorpion swung its 2-meter-long tail and moved its legs like a c*ckroach as it charged.
Blizzard was undoubtedly installed, but unlike before, only the activity was slightly weakened.
‘There’s no idiot who will fall from the third level… … .’
From a long-term perspective, it was important to manage mental power from this point when the difficulty level increased significantly, and the participants’ heads started to turn complicated.
‘Saint Barrier!’
As the students watched, the encirclement narrowed to a certain distance, and Eden’s defense shield was spread out as a screen of spheres.
“Entry number 25. Candler Eden. Magical power 30,842 magicle. Standard hardness is 307.5.”
“It’s okay. What about durability?”
“It’s 27 press per millimeters measured at standard strength.”
“Hoo?”
Elizabeth’s eyebrows twitched.
“Raises the horsepower level. 38,000 magicle. 45,000 magicle. 69,000 Magical… … .”
As the St. Barrier expanded to a diameter of 20 meters, the encirclement widened as if pushing out millet.
“Standard longitude 1,209. The standard strength is 87 press per millimeters. The horsepower efficiency reaches 187 percent.”
Generating close to twice the power with a single magical power was truly incredible omnipotence.
“Is it the omnipotence of faith?”
Baikal was overall.
“Class D. Overprotective. No matter how efficient it is, it is useless if the way of thinking is exhausting.”
Lara posted real-time ratings on Eden’s page.
“do it faster! Are you just going to watch?”
When Eden shouted, the participants immediately moved into action.
‘Sheesh! It’s not good for the evaluation if it’s too far back.’
There were some people who showed off their skills while they were on the move, and the one who showed the most spectacular action was the bookie scrimmer.
“I will destroy everything!”
The ulks vomited blood as they collapsed with each attack as they dashed between monsters with teleportation.
“Entry number 10, Logan Screamer!”
Elizabeth’s analysis began to speed up.
“Teleportation cycle 124 rpm! Obsessive Compulsive Error 0.9%! The average distance is 10 meters 3.4 centimeters!”
“Grade C. Narcissistic.”
“Participation number 4! Karmis Amy! Firepower factor 2.4! Calories 875 degrees Celsius! Aiming accuracy of 97 percent!”
“Victor Sabina, entry number 14! The rate of fire is 7.9 times per second! cut strength… … !”
The sound of scouts from all over the world analyzing the participants’ every move in their respective languages overwhelmed the audience.
“… … It’s bloody.”
Rian muttered while watching the VIP seats.
Even Reina, who was attending the magic school graduation exam for the first time, was tired of their force.
‘It’s being evaluated by people like that.’
It was the harsh reality of this world that everything in a participant was valued, not just their magic skills.
Olina, who was watching her son fight, covered her face with both hands, and Vincent, who heard sobs, put his hand on his shoulder.
‘Honey, I think my heart will explode too.’
He had his eyes on his son who fiercely developed magic.
What grade do those competent people give Shirone?
At first, they were mesmerized by the scene beyond their imagination, but in the end, all the parents’ senses are focused only on their children.
‘Shirone, is this the world you dreamed of?’
Even when I tried to raise him as the son of a mountaineer, he was a son who never expressed himself.
How desperate would you have been?
I had tears in my eyes when I thought of how much I had suffered alone to reach the top of this fierce competition.
‘God, please let Shirone pass.’
Among the numerous prayers going up to heaven, whose voice will God listen to?
“Extermination time 4 minutes 55 seconds. The total amount of mana is 323,000 magicle.”
It was at this point that the horsepower figures in hundreds became meaningless.
“The total is high for a 3rd level. Who is it, the over-faced one?”
Elizabeth’s gaze caught a boy.
“The highest number is 110,000 Magicle. Participation number 27. This is Ariane Shirone.”
Baikal’s eyebrows narrowed.
“I thought you weren’t stupid.”
I was expecting it because I was introduced to Fleur, but it was an unexpected action.
‘I have to hit and run from now on.’
At the point of passing the 3rd stage, Shirone completely lifted the tactical limit.
30 seconds passed in an instant, and a tier 7 creature appeared.
It was 870 objects, and it was reduced to a hundred units for the first time, but the ability was different from the 8th tier.
It included monsters with magical properties, such as harpies that cast sound magic and flare raptors that spew flames, and above all, had the ability to solve the situation intellectually.
Key eh eh!
As the Flare Raptor led the vanguard, self-denial survival quickly turned into a melee.
“Formation is collapsing.”
The point of self-denial survival is that participants become allies and competitors.
According to the regulations, the first test ends when half of the participants, that is, 15 people remain, so a fight to notice was also an essential requirement.
‘Broad!’
As soon as the light curtain pushed away the enormous mass, the force pushed the battery away and the shotgun movement was activated.
The eyes of the scouts were focused on the appearance of spreading photon cannons in all directions.
“The force is fast.”
Elizabeth’s attention was different.
“The horse power level has exceeded 220,000 magicle.”
“yes? Twenty-two thousand?”
Lara stopped writing and asked again.
“It keeps going up. 260,000 Magical! 320,000 Magical! 440,000 Magical!”
As if to prove Elizabeth’s analysis, the photon cannon firing continuously from the sky was devastating the ground.
“440,000 Magical.”
It was already a number that exceeded the standard of a pro.
‘Not enough yet!’
The number of monsters Shirone defeated alone reached 32% of the total, and the number continued to rise.
“Who is that student? Are you eating it all by yourself?”
Even the parents gave up on locating their children and were captivated by Shirone’s dancing.
“joy! There’s just one kid like that. Kids who can’t even run, but run in the beginning.”
Contrary to what most parents cherish, Eruki’s father, an albino, was smiling.
“Nice. I expected it after hearing Eruki’s words, but honestly, I didn’t expect it to be to this extent.”
“I see. It is still in its infancy, but so far it stands out among the participants.”
Scouts had a slightly different opinion.
“That is a little strange. What happened? It is written that he has a cautious personality… … .”
While there were those who paid attention to the visible numbers, there were also those who were puzzled by overreacting while ignoring the level of difficulty.
Baikal was one of them.
“Why did you make that choice? I said waste doesn’t get good marks.”
“It seems to be a personal matter.”
He had a vague idea of what situation Shirone was in.
“I feel sorry for you.”
Showing off power isn’t everything.
“If I was going to capture the Scout, I should have chosen another method.”
“Evaluator… … It goes higher.”
Elizabeth’s voice trembled.
“Magic level 520,000 Magicle. 610,000 magicle. 69 million… … The immortal function signal is caught! 870,000! 940,000!”
‘Nobody… … .’
Shirone gritted his teeth.
‘You can’t decide my future!’
The monsters on the ground collapsed like bugs hit by a hammer as the ignorant Photon Cannons fired at a rate of fire of up to 300 times per second.
The last remaining Flare Raptor collapsed with a snap, and Amy looked blankly at Shirone.
‘What are you thinking?’
Baikal’s expression became serious.
“Horsepower level.”
Elizabeth suddenly came to her senses.
“Ah yes. It is 1.63 million magicle.”
“… … .”
Baikal, who covered his face with his hands, frowned.
“Exactly, Shirone.”
At the same time, the corner of the mouth of a woman wearing a hood, high in the audience, rose slightly.
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 621 - Scout Reporting (2) 1.txt
===============================
[621] Scout Reporting (2)
-Once you go back to school… … .
On the day of the end of the Sibulsangbokumae training, Miro explained the operation.
“You will have to decline the evaluation.”
“Reject evaluation?”
“It is already too late to catch up with the grade gap in the senior class. You’ll only plant bad preconceptions in Scouts. In that case, I would rather give up the evaluation and bet on the graduation exam.”
Even Shirone thought it was the right diagnosis.
“But graduation shouldn’t be the ultimate task.”
Miro added strength to her voice.
“Even if you graduate, not many associations are willing to embrace a ticking time bomb that may explode at any moment. If you want to become a mage, you have to show them that you are worthy enough to take the risk.”
There was only one strategy Miro required.
“When you think of the graduation exam as a long-distance race, you have to go full speed from the start. after that… … .”
Miro pointed to the destination and said.
“You’re going to complete the race at that speed.”
-Enter the 5th stage of self-denial survival.
Around the time the participants’ faces showed some fatigue, a Tier 6 creature was summoned.
“From now on, the dropouts will follow one after another.”
Pros of summoning magic, befitting a tier used in actual combat, the complexion of those who checked the lineup of monsters became pale.
Kreurreung!
Werewolves who are much smarter than Ulk, as well as Cerberus with three heads as large as a cow, bugbears that weigh 300 kilograms, and gargoyles with hard skin like stones, etc. It was a monster with abilities.
‘I’m sure there will be discrimination here.’
Will you work together to rise to the next level or will you save yourself until the dropout comes out?
While most of the participants were agonizing over the same issue, Shirone undoubtedly jumped out to the fore.
The strategy of tearing up the display with the shotgun movement and defeating each one with the photon cannon was simple, but the power was beyond imagination.
When the flash penetrated the bulging belly of the Bugbear, without a doubt, both feet floated and flew away, and the gargoyles that attacked from the sky were pushed back without being able to break through the wide curtain.
“The three elements of movement, attack and defense are in balance. Even though he’s an unlocker, he trained properly.”
“That makes it even more questionable.”
Baikal stroked his chin.
“It’s not like you haven’t studied self-control survival, right? I can’t finish it anyway.”
In the self-defense survival event where 15 people are selected, if even one person can finish, the evaluation standard itself will be shaken, so the association presents an impossible level of difficulty.
“yes. Starting from Tier 5, the lineup consists of creatures that pros also summon as their main focus.”
You have to fight hundreds of such creatures.
Lara objected.
“Simple comparisons are dangerous. 2,000 times is just a simulation. Even if the response is designed considering the intelligence level of the species, there are limitations. In particular, the creatures handled by the wizard move according to the wizard’s intellectual level.”
“Of course, it’s different from the actual creature.”
Baikal also acknowledged that.
“But the ability level reflected the reality. Even at Tier 6 now, at the student level, life must be dangerous. Isn’t it a reasonable judgment for the second evaluation to drop the participants as quickly as possible? What do you mean?”
Elizabeth analyzed the battle of Shirone.
“Horsepower level 2.03 million. Photon Cannon single power average 2,847 crashes. Its rate of fire is 267 rounds per minute.”
“You’re crazy.”
The words spontaneously came out of Baikal’s mouth.
“It has already far exceeded the master difficulty suggested by the Association. Particularly noteworthy, the impact and rate of fire were classified separately. But now Shirone is doing both at the same time.”
It meant that he was pouring out more than four blows per second that he thought he could pull out with the utmost concentration.
‘Is it beyond the association’s expectations?’
Lara asked, feeling that Baikal was struggling.
“Evaluator, overall review… … .”
“F.”
Elizabeth twisted herself and demanded an explanation.
“The 29 contestants are already out of my head. It means that you are not properly grasping reality.”
“But Shirone’s abilities are clear… … .”
“I know. I’m disappointed in the strategy that 27th set up. If it’s the current number, it’s worth rubbing the 6th step, no, even the 7th step. But in the end, that’s it.”
Baikal shook his head and continued.
“Scouts remember every single stat of a creature when it comes to trials. Even if it’s only a tier 3 level, that thing won’t even bite your teeth. If 15 people are selected before going all the way anyway, the current power is just a show off. It is F.”
“… … All right.”
Lara’s pen etched the letter F into Shirone’s page.
‘I know.’
If Shirone had heard Baikal’s explanation, she would have nodded.
‘I know.’
It is not a strategy designed with a clear possibility of success in mind.
It was because he knew that the only possibility left to him was to hit from the start and run to the end.
“Never stop!”
Shirone’s photon cannon fell like a comb and broke Cerberus’ spine.
“It’s hard to come out like this.”
When Frings, who was deprived of the lead role, cast an ice wave, sharp ice thorns split the Colosseum in two.
Aiming for that gap, Ama sniped at the enemies on all sides.
’87. 88.’
Elizabeth was watching.
“Rate of fire 67 rounds per minute. That’s phenomenal speed given the sniper mode.”
“I think the accuracy is a little off. How many feet did you miss?”
Accessing the 2,000 core system, Elizabeth read the correct number.
“So far the accuracy is… … 89.4 percent.”
By the standards of the graduating class, it was excellent, but by the standards of Baikal, it was not fulfilled.
‘Red eyes!’
When Amy, who had backed up her self-image, started shooting more precisely, the bugbears burned to the core.
“It goes up. 90.2 percent. 91.6 percent.”
“If it’s Karmis, that should be enough. Once B.”
After the cool evaluation, Baikal’s eyes moved to the next participant.
‘Atomic Spring!’
Eruki’s breakaway spirit zone flew quickly and exploded in the monsters’ faces.
“Looks like an impromptu.”
Pupperpuppung!
It was as if an invisible iron ball was blasting off the monster’s head.
“It’s actually a fairly high-level detonation equation. And it’s accurate. Servant 5 recognizes the shape of an object as a fractal structure. There is no error because it is mathematical.”
Baikal carefully observed Eruki’s movement.
“With a neural response speed of 0.024 seconds, it is currently the highest among participants.”
“Hmm.”
Lara wrote the letter ‘H’ in her notebook, and the pen stopped.
“little… … Aren’t you lacking intuition? Accurate doesn’t mean efficient. The response is too mechanical.”
“It seems to be a tendency to focus on blocking variables rather than increasing efficiency. Even so, the rate of annihilation is above average.”
“Once B.”
Lara wrote, but Elizabeth pursed her lips.
“Aren’t the standards too high? No matter how high the level of the participants is, it can be seen that there are no disadvantages at this level.”
“There are no advantages without disadvantages. If it were Flu, for example, I would have made a different decision.”
Being compared to the top graduates of the Royal Magic School meant that the standards were high.
“What a mess.”
“Oohhh!”
Screamer, who used the shotgun movement, threw an iron fist at Bugbear.
“A guy whose thinking is paralyzed because he is obsessed with his own strength.”
“Maya! Don’t fall behind me!”
Cayden spun around Maya and slashed Cerberus with his sword.
“A guy who forgets his mission and clings to his convictions.”
Shirone’s photon cannon stretched out, bending the werewolf’s back.
“Give me all the tactics and all the firepower.”
Now even Elizabeth was silent.
“There are cases like this. His abilities are much higher than other schools, but his mental state is not normal. What do you know about the test? Are they doing their own thing?”
No matter how perverted the personality, it was the talent the kingdom wanted to be like a wizard in front of a mission.
“According to the red line regulations, graduates have the first round of negotiations in their home associations.”
If the first round of negotiations breaks down due to treatment, remuneration, or other issues, you can propose scouts from other countries from then on.
“Standards are important to them, not to us. Our job is to find the most competent and report to the Association.”
“… … All right.”
I had no choice but to accept Baikal’s opinion.
“Still, some are quite useful.”
Fermi’s various magics added firepower at the right time, and Dante was also leisurely cooking the enemy by applying an instant magic circle.
Also, Frings’s freezing magic was sharp enough to be called a masterpiece.
“no. 1. No.2. No. 22. Grade A.”
Stage 5 annihilation time was nearing its end, with all participants being graded on each one of their actions.
‘One minute left.’
With the number of monsters still exceeding 200, Shirone’s heart became impatient.
’58 seconds. 57 seconds.’
If this continues, a level 6 creature will be summoned to the Colosseum without even having time to recover for 30 seconds.
‘It must be finished!’
Those 30 seconds were so desperate for Shirone, who raised her firepower from the beginning.
Puff puff puff!
Scattered photon cannons hit monsters in all directions.
Bugbear with a broken shoulder, Cerberus with one head blown off, and Gargoyle with cracked skin, all of the enemies started running towards Shirone.
“Big!”
Shirone calmed down and fired more photon cannons continuously, but the number of enemies rushing at her was increasing.
“… … Aren’t you mistaken?”
Elizabeth asked.
“I fired magic with that power for nearly 10 minutes. My mind must be distracted.”
Everyone, not even a scout, felt that Shirone’s accuracy was declining.
“Isn’t that dangerous?”
At Reina’s words, Olina shed tears again.
“I don’t notice. If you don’t know, just look.”
Reina, who heard Rian’s scolding, patted Olina’s shoulder and spoke unfairly.
“But even to a stranger, I’m visibly tired.”
Rian bit his lip and turned his eyes to the Colosseum.
‘Shirone… … .’
Only those who have experienced it can know how many individuals the number 100 represents.
“are you okay. There will be no problem.”
“really?”
Now, Reina also relied on her sister’s judgment.
“If I died, I would die… … .”
Rian’s voice was firm.
“I’m not the kind of person who gets distracted just because I’m tired.”
‘Now!’
Shirone, who had attracted countless monsters, gritted her teeth and focused her mind.
‘Elysion!’
Raising the concentration again at the end of the 10-minute sprint takes a lot more mental energy than usual, but it wasn’t a bad deal if the annihilation was successful.
’30 seconds. I can recover in 30 seconds!’
With that thought in mind, his wide-area destructive magic multi-blast was cast.
Kwa-kwa-kwa-kwa-kwa-kwa!
“oh my god… … .”
The spectacle of seven 10-meter-diameter beams overlapping and exploding mesmerized the audience, and the monsters trapped in the waves of mass broke their limbs and flew around between spheres of light.
‘9 seconds! 8 seconds!’
With 7 seconds left, the creatures that were dominated by the multiple beams disintegrated into the smallest pixels and disappeared.
“That’s right! I told you!”
Olina shook her shoulders as Rian raised her arms and shouted.
“Magic level of 2.93 million Magical! Heart rate 237 beats per second!”
“what? Episode 237?”
“Average 6,800 crashes in the four points! It is a crash with five points and an impact of 13,000!”
When the VIP seats became noisy, everyone turned to them, and Rian, embarrassed, lowered his hand.
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 622 - Scout Reporting (3).txt
===============================
[622] Scout Reporting (3)
“What is that?”
Elizabeth answered Baikal’s question.
“This is the Ultima system. According to reports… … .”
“I know what. The question is, how can there be multiple centers of concentration?”
Because it’s an Ultima system.
You just have to accept the incomprehensible state, but it was a difficult situation for the scout who had to analyze everything.
“We changed the system to maximize the impact. That must be something that can only be done 27 times.”
‘I did it. I did it.’
Shirone, who had annihilated the enemy in time, fell to her knees.
‘I need to restore my mind.’
Just when I thought so, I heard a shocking guidance voice.
– Enter the 6th stage of self-denial survival.
“what?”
Not only Shirone, but all the participants who were not paying attention opened their eyes wide and looked around.
“Whoops, it’s not that easy.”
Where the voice was heard, Fermi was standing there holding the werewolf’s neck.
kurrrrr… … .
If even one survives, it is regarded as an extinction failure, and the next stage is entered immediately.
kang!
The werewolf’s head was cut off by Fermi’s air cut.
“Fermi… … .”
Shirone gritted his teeth and stood up.
How would you feel when you found out that an oasis in the desert was actually a mirage?
“Good judgment.”
Baikal liked Fermi’s strategy.
“You understand the system of self-denial survival. It’s a strategy to weaken Shirone’s strength while using her combat power.”
“You have a cold disposition.”
Baikal’s gaze returned after taking Elizabeth.
“That is a wizard. If Shirone is a wizard from the enemy country, who in the kingdom of Tormia can’t clap for Fermi?”
The moment the words were finished, a feast of powerful magic that was incomparable to the past unfolded in the Colosseum.
“It’s finally the 5th tier of Ma.”
Statistically, the section where 90 percent of the final 15 people were selected was the sixth stage.
oh oh!
When two hundred three-meter-tall golems stood up from the ground, their vision was completely blocked.
The demon Lamia of the Middle East wriggled the lower body of the snake, and the mercenary soldiers equipped with weapons and turned the ghastly skulls.
Kieh!
As the Griffon with the face of an eagle and the body of a lion folded its wings and rushed to the ground, Maria pushed the mark.
“Damage, Mark!”
The claws on the griffon’s single leg raked Mark’s back as if it were scratching them.
Maria’s recovery magic continued, but Mark’s mind had already fallen to the bottom.
‘This… … Nonsense.’
Watching the contestants fighting on a battlefield teeming with monsters, I couldn’t believe it was real.
‘How can I still survive?’
If Shirone hadn’t cleaned the enemies with her multiple beams, she wouldn’t have been able to go up to level 6.
“Mark, let’s stop. I am really going to die like this.”
The synchro rate of 2,000 times is 100%.
Even the physical shock received from Kreacher is converted into mental shock, but in actual combat, he would have already died.
“It’s not over yet. No one was eliminated!”
It is true that he challenged with the goal of passing the exam, but it was seen as half a success if he was confident in his skills.
‘It can’t be this different! I’ve come this far by working hard with the determination to die!’
If he gave up like this, he wouldn’t be able to do anything in the future, so Mark concentrated his mind with all his might.
“Earth filler!”
The thick pillar struck the golem, but the giant, weighing over 1 ton, broke the pillar and approached.
“Geuuuuuu!”
As the golems raised their arms wide and took a stance to strike down, Mark wrapped his arms around Maria and twisted his back.
“Keugh!”
At the same time, a flash of teleportation landed in front of them, and Shirone cast a berserk.
The golem’s body trembled and disintegrated into dirt as if it had been ground in a grinder.
“Seniors?”
Maria greeted hastily.
“thank you.”
“what?”
Shirone did not look back at them.
“yes? Hey, thank you for helping me… … .”
“I didn’t help. It saved me.”
At the last moment, if Mark had persisted, the two would have already lost their lives.
“scram. stop giving up.”
Mark shouted with his eyes lit.
“It can’t be! At least one competitor… … !”
“get out!”
Mark’s shoulders twitched.
“There are no second chances. If you want to die, do it yourself. But don’t hold other people’s ankles.”
“Seniors… … .”
Mark watched Shirone disappear into the battlefield and lowered his head sadly.
‘sorry.’
It was the heart of a senior who couldn’t bear to see his beloved junior die.
Can-can-can-can!
The mercenary soldiers clashed with iron-strength jaws and came running with antique-like swords raised.
“mark.”
At Maria’s words, Mark nodded, and the two of them simultaneously said the keyword to leave the battlefield.
“Atra.”
The sight of the mercenaries lowering their swords disappeared in an instant.
“Numbers 29 and 30 have left the battlefield.”
“It is natural. Due to my lack of experience, my skills are too immature to be considered seniors.”
It was Baikal that had not been evaluated from the beginning.
“Still, the final evaluation should be written in the report. Shall we give it an F grade?”
“Unqualified.”
Baikal did not break its stubbornness.
“Write that down.”
“yes yes.”
Lara sighed and brandished her pen.
The 10 minutes of the 6th stage of self-denial survival were nearing the end with two dropouts.
Nevertheless, more than half of the creatures survived, and the faces of the participants were clearly tired.
– Enter the 7th stage of self-denial survival.
When the voice of the 2,000th system was heard, everyone’s focus was shaken.
“28 survivors. I’ve never seen one go into level 7 with this number.”
In Alliance vs. Enmity, if the majority of the players choose Enmity, the selection of 15 will naturally be faster.
However, there have been occasional cases where everyone has reached the 7th stage in a spirit of harmony and focus on completing the mission.
“Anyway, it will end here.”
The 4th tier lineup was a creature called the king of a certain species, and it was also a being at the top of the continental food chain.
Aaaaaaa!
As the King of the Desert Basilisk roared, the audience’s faces turned pale.
With a body length of 12 meters, a weight of 40 tons, and a thick tail, it was powerful enough to annihilate a squad of human troops in one blow.
Ooooooh!
The Ogre, the king of the forest, roared and expanded its size to 4 meters, and in the sky, a gigantic Wyvern covered the sky with its leather wings, radiating flames into the Colosseum.
“This… … It’s hell.”
Eighty-seven Tier 4 monsters combined with hundreds of surviving monsters from Tier 6 was a sight that could never be seen in this world.
“Sheesh! Shirone, what the hell are you thinking?”
As the Wyvern’s flame burned the ground and rushed, Canis defended it by raising the Shadow Wall.
“Quack! Humans, you made something fun.”
After muttering that, Harvest pulled out the dragon soldier’s skull and transmitted his voice through the mental channel.
– What are you going to do? Now is your chance to be active.
– I don’t know yet. Look at Shirone.
-Dark magic’s long-term defense is not bad, so it’s not bad to endure. I think 15 people will be selected here anyway.
“Canis! are you okay?”
The golems blocking Canis’ path shattered with a thud.
Three ogres standing tall came into Canis’ eyes after reaping the Shadow Wall.
“scale?”
Arin ran between the ogre’s legs.
“At least I caught them with simple minds. With this, you can last for three minutes.”
Her judgment was also on the defensive side.
“Hoo? mind control?”
Baikal’s eyes turned lively.
“Psychoactivity levels are out of the human range. It’s amazing that you took control of three tier 4 ogres.”
I saw the sight of the three ogres guarding Arin, madly destroying the enemies.
“Your mental fluidity is incredible.”
“It’s my personal opinion, but I hope you get it from the kingdom. He is a talented person who does not want to be taken away by other countries.”
“A.”
If everyone was as clear as Arin, there would be no conflict between scouts.
‘In contrast… … .’
Baikal’s gaze followed Shirone.
He was still fighting with high numbers, but he didn’t see the acceleration of his magical energy as strong as before.
“Is this just the picture you wanted?”
Shirone’s face was pale as if the blood had dried up, and the focus of her eyes was gradually blurring.
‘I need a break… … .’
It was not a creature that could be knocked down in a distracted state, and its power declined over time.
‘a little bit… … If you can rest… … .’
The Photon Cannon still stretched out violently, but the encirclement of the enemies was rather narrowing.
“Eruki, Shirone seems very tired.”
Nade flew to Eruki and said.
“… … so?”
“Let us help. I need to give you a little rest.”
The fact that they are a team remains the same, but Eruki had a different idea from Nade.
“It’s what Shirone decided. We don’t have to step out until we ask for help.”
“But if you do that, you’re really eliminated!”
“Even so, it cannot be done. If you have the mind to care about others, how about taking care of yourself first?”
Nade bit his molars while watching Eruki, who was teleporting away.
‘damn! This guy and that guy… … !’
Friends who had been laughing and chatting until yesterday felt colder than others during the graduation exam.
“haha.”
The photon cannon that was disturbing Shirone’s eyes suddenly cut off like a faucet that had run out of water.
When the basilisk pushed back the golems and saw the approaching basilisk, but couldn’t respond, Nade flew in.
“Shirone! take a little rest! I will protect you!”
Shirone’s eyebrows twitched.
“Nade, get out of the way… … .”
“You can’t drop out like this! It was too much work from the beginning. Recovered here… … .”
“I mean Vicky!”
Nade looked back with a surprised expression.
“Nade, I will become a wizard. No one can stop my dream So get out of the way.”
‘It’s a big deal. I’m not crazy.’
There was no life in Shirone’s eyes.
It was only natural that he had already poured magic with maximum concentration for nearly an hour.
“If you don’t get out of the way… … I have no choice but to fight you. If you want to beat me and become the best, go for it.”
For an instant, a tear appeared on Nade’s face.
“… … Cheer up, Shirone.”
It was only after Nade was teleported away that Shirone spoke.
“after finish… … Let’s eat.”
Baikal analyzed the situation.
“That number 21 is a mess.”
“West Nade. My skills don’t seem to drop, but my behavior patterns are strange. I don’t step forward when I’m sure, but rather use good judgment when it’s really dangerous.”
“That’s what you call a mess. It is F. The same goes for number 27. It seems that we have already reached the limit.”
“Horsepower numbers are holding steady, but not going any higher. The efficiency is extremely low, and the power of the photon magic is not even half of the first half.”
“It’s disappointing. I had high hopes for it when Fleur strongly recommended it.”
Shirone fired the photon cannon again at the monsters that were drawn like a curtain.
‘It’s starting now!’
After drawing a giant halo through time-sharing, Ataraxia’s information began to accumulate.
“Here you are. It is the archangel’s magic power amplification.”
“Hmm, instead of stopping acceleration, you were using your extra mental power elsewhere.”
Elizabeth chimed in at the compliment she hadn’t seen in a long time.
“It is an improvisation in a situation where there is no recovery time. If that’s the case, it’s understandable that the efficiency of the Photon Cannon has gone down.”
“That doesn’t change anything. If you pass step 7, there is only step 8. The second exam is not even considered.”
“It’s ataraxia! Avoid everyone!”
The participants who discovered Shirone’s magic circle avoided their seats, predicting the direction of the flash.
“Sheesh, are you finally doing it?”
From the advanced class to the senior class, they already knew the power of Ataraxia.
“Is this the final push?”
Fermi, who had already spread the distance, watched the end of Shirone with a smile.
‘Good work, Shirone.’
The strategy of using Shirone to raise the level and stand out at the upper level seemed to have worked.
“Never stop.”
Shirone, her eyes wide open, kicked off the ground and rushed toward the colorful light of Ataraxia.
“what?”
While the contestants and scouts watched in bewilderment, only the hooded woman clenched her fists.
“Go, Shirone.”
A technique that even the Archangel Ikael did not attempt because the shock wave that would come later was too dangerous.
It was an Ataraxian bullet type.
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 623 - Scout Reporting (4) 3.txt
===============================
[623] Scout Reporting (4)
“Huh uh uh uh!”
Shirone’s pupils completely dilated, and his mind swelled enormously, as if everything in the world were sucked into it.
In the amplification that could be called an explosion, he felt like a giant who had swallowed the world.
‘Photon Cannon!’
A flash of light that seemed to swallow a human whole came out and struck the basilisk head-on.
At the same time as the blow, the reptile’s face was buried in its neck and its entire torso was pushed back.
“That… … What is it?”
It was the first time anyone in the school had seen the power of meat bullets through Ataraxia.
“Impact. how many?”
At Baikal’s question, Elizabeth was silent.
The 2,000 main system never lies, but it was so unrealistic that I couldn’t spit out the numbers I received.
‘Never stop!’
After defeating the enemy in front of her eyes, Shirone flew towards the center of the battlefield.
With just one shot movement, the Colosseum was split into 8 equal parts.
As if it had been erased with an eraser, the spot where the flash passed was cleared, and the spectacle of the flickering sphere-shaped beams without a central point was reminiscent of a planetary explosion.
“Crazy child! That’s against the rules!”
Shirone’s body did not change, but the participants felt as if they were facing a huge being.
The wyverns wrapped in the shining chains were smashed to the ground with their necks and spines broken at the same time, and the ogres were crushed by the photon cannons that rained down like meteorites.
“Shock amount! Report!”
When the frustrated Baikal shouted, Elizabeth hurriedly came to her senses and said.
“Ah yes! Photon Cannon single impact 2.3 million crashes! horsepower level… … !”
It took me a while to read the numbers that flashed on my retina.
“We are now crossing 170 million!”
“170 million?”
It increased the power, changed the system, and this time it was like transcending the scale itself.
“Evaluator, at this level… … .”
“I know. My eyes are not crooked.”
Now Baikal had no choice but to admit it.
‘It’s not a power that can be used from the beginning. And yet… … Do you mean to hold on?’
I shuddered when I thought of how enormous the human mind could contain.
“Please evaluate.”
Elizabeth’s voice was full of recall.
“F.”
Lara tilted her head at the unexpected evaluation.
“No matter how transcendent power it is, it remains unchanged that it denies the meaning of self-denial survival.”
“But this… … .”
“However, let me add one thing.”
Baikal continued.
“If number 27 could not stop until the end… … .”
If you can destroy the existing system.
“Even if it’s not me, scouts all over the world will be highly praised.”
It was the only way Miro suggested.
‘I have to go up to the highest possible level!’
Even in the midst of everyone’s fascination, the number of creatures called the king of a species was rapidly decreasing.
‘Sona Explosion!’
When the magic was cast directly on coordinates other than the target, several monsters were caught in a mass storm and disappeared.
Tier 5 was almost wiped out and even the number of Tier 4 was reduced to 10 units, and the participants were finally able to look at the battlefield from the scout’s point of view.
‘They know us as idiots!’
At first, I thought it would be enough if I got tired of doing it, but if I continued like this, I would become Shirone’s maid and the first evaluation would be over.
‘Fight.’
When the participants who changed their stance were about to charge towards the enemy, Fermi cast one of his trump cards, the Great Earthquake Magic, Super Disruption.
As the entire radius where the two thousand times system was applied was split, the huge monsters were crushed while being eaten by the earth.
“why?”
Participants who looked back at Fermi realized quickly.
‘I see. It can’t last long anyway.’
If Ataraxia was a magic power booster, Shirone’s gigantic mind would inevitably face its limits, and when I thought about it sensibly, that time would not be long at all.
‘Come on, Shirone. What are you going to do now?’
I can’t even dare to guess the aftermath of the aftermath when the mental expansion of the six bullet world is over.
Therefore, Shirone would want to jump as many steps as possible in this state, and if so, Fermi would have to block that desire.
‘Enjoy the break you so much wanted. Wouldn’t it be difficult if only you installed it?’
When the creature is destroyed, 30 seconds will be given, and in the meantime, the mental power that has been amplified by the physical bullets will be calmed down.
When Super Eruption stopped, the 2,000 system returned the ground to its original state.
As the participants stared blankly at the clean Colosseum, Fermi clapped and said,
“Well then, let’s take a little break… … .”
– Enters self-denial survival level 8.
“what?”
Fermi stopped talking, and the participants looked around the corner of the Colosseum.
“Big!”
Still engulfed in the power of amplification, Shirone groaned and clenched her fists.
“It’s up there.”
A single basilisk wrapped in a shining chain slowly descended from the high sky.
“I won’t be swayed by you anymore.”
Fermi said with a rotten smile.
“Even if I do, nothing will change.”
Shirone put her hand on the basilisk’s face without saying anything.
‘A cancer ball.’
When the black sphere was born, the monster’s limbs trembled, then it disintegrated into code and was sucked into the darkness.
“Wake! It’s our 8th step now!”
Tier 3 creatures had already encroached on the Colosseum.
It wasn’t as gigantic or hideous as Tier 4, but rather it proved that it was a demon based on magic, not a function of a creature.
“What are so many!”
240 tier 3 mid-level demons, such as Dream Succubus, Half-Body Vampire, Sleeping Horse Sandman, and Evil Spirit Larva, were summoned and began to attack the participants.
The reason why the number of summoned objects was higher than in the previous stage was because they were mid-level demons, but considering their special magical power that could not be converted into numerical values, the difficulty level did not make sense.
“damn! Let’s fight!”
It was not a level to last 10 minutes with a nunchi fight, and the participants were scattered in the powerful demon attack.
‘Saint Barrier!’
As dozens of vampires cornered Eden and brandished their claws, a strong wind blew as if caught in a storm.
A short distance away, the succubus pounded Eden’s defenses by shooting magical storms, the concentration of pure magical energy.
“It is enduring the physical power of a vampire and the magical power of a succubus at the same time. Awesome.”
Contrary to the praise, Elizabeth’s voice became less lively.
‘Spiral hunter!’
Due to Luman’s crowd control magic, the ground twisted like a whirlpool and swallowed the lower body of the succubus.
‘Wailing Wall!’
Then, when a huge barrier was blocked to block the surroundings, Binder fired a series of prescribed magic.
“Wind Cutter!”
Even magic that anyone could do was under the buff of Suabi, so the power was terrifying, and finally one succubus was extinguished.
“A combination of 16, 18 and 20. A good team.”
“It seems that the middle-ranking students of the graduating class formed an alliance. Each organ is living properly.”
He deserved to be praised for catching a tier 3 demon, but Baikal didn’t say much.
I watched countless graduation exams, but it was the first time I felt the standards themselves collapse like today.
‘In the end, everyone is watching only one person.’
Not only the spectators, but even the scouts from other countries were voicing their voices about participation number 27.
The demons surrounding Eden exploded all at once, and the value of one photon cannon exceeded the strength of the Binder team.
“That way, there is no need for strategy or tactics.”
Making the value of technology meaningless was the true intention of unlocker and scale magic.
– The 8th stage of self-denial survival is over. After 30 seconds, step 9 is entered.
At the same time as hearing the guidance of the 2000 number system, Shirone, who had completed the amplification of the bullet system, dropped to his knees.
“Ugh.”
The pain that seemed like his whole body would break was nothing compared to the shock of his torn mind.
’30 seconds. I have to recover my sanity within 30 seconds.’
I tried my best to concentrate, but my thoughts went blank, as if half of my brain had been blown away, and my consciousness was still far away.
“This one is serious.”
Baikal said while looking at Shirone who was out of breath.
“It’s a 30-second opportunity that I risked my life to get. But can we make it up?”
’26 seconds. 25 seconds.’
Like a dried-up well, there was no sign of his mana filling up, and it seemed as if every second passed by.
’21 seconds. 20 seconds. please… … !’
Shirone held onto his trembling wrist and closed his eyes tightly.
‘Please recover! I have to recover!’
19 seconds. 18 seconds.
Not only the participants in the Colosseum, but also the scouts and spectators were all looking at Shirone.
“Huh! black!”
I tried my best to swallow the tears that burst out without my knowledge, but it was like pouring water into a bottomless jar.
“Shirone… … .”
Amy bit her lip, and Eruki looked at Shirone without even blinking.
“Help Shirone!”
shouted Nade.
“Suabi, please. Cast a recovery spell on Shirone!”
It was an impossible proposition because her utility was monopolized by Binder.
“Pony! Please refresh… … .”
Nade then approached Pony and begged.
“I can give you a refresher. If there is a reward equivalent to that.”
“I will reward you! whatever you ask me to do… … !”
“But the person in question won’t want it. I don’t want to become enemies with Shirone from the first evaluation.”
Eruki said in a cold voice.
“Nade, the more you do this, the more you ruin Shirone’s future.”
“I… … Ruin it?”
Nade looked back at Shirone, who was crouching down and breathing.
‘I’m having such a hard time… … .’
why the hell
How great is a wizard’s license?
“That student has been really spectacle since before.”
They were the spectators who looked after all the contestants seriously, but Nade was like a circus monkey.
“That’s right. It’s a test of life, so you have to be serious. Everyone is fighting for their lives, but pretending to take care of their friends alone. The basic requirements are less.”
Nade’s mother, Teria, blushed at the accusations pouring in from her parents.
“I’m going to be embarrassed. So you said I wouldn’t come. Even seeing her mother living in poverty like this, she doesn’t think about earning money, and she’s just looking for an excuse to go to school.”
“I am proud.”
Looking at his son, Ballroom gave a pitiful smile.
“Would you mind? So I can’t earn a single penny.”
To be with Teria, I had to learn patience.
’16 seconds. please. 15 seconds. please!’
As half of the break passed, a look of despair hung over Shirone’s face.
“What is your horsepower level?”
Elizabeth’s eyes lit up.
“Still zero. It will be difficult to recover in time.”
“… … The attempt was good, will it end with something like that?”
’12 seconds. 11 seconds.’
– It is the mind that controls the mind.
‘The secret of impermanence!’
Suddenly recalling the secret technique Zulu had taught her, Shirone slowly closed her eyes and puffed out her lungs.
‘Inhale. Exhale.’
to focus on breathing.
Graduation exams, competitions, magic recovery, and the life of a wizard are put down and only focus on being alive.
“Whoa… … . Whoa… … .”
When the agony disappeared, the torn mind began to cling to itself like a lie.
‘There is nothing important in this universe.’
that is carelessness.
“Evaluator, the magical power level… … It is going up again.”
Elizabeth’s eyes were shocked.
“One million magicles. 2.2 million magicle. That’s a huge recovery rate.”
“Nonsense.”
Baikal was the first to shake his head.
It is impossible for the human mind to recover in such a short time in a state that has already exploded through the limit.
‘Shirone, what are you… … What kind of life did you live?’
It was a top secret.
‘Inhale… … .’
The world is sucked into dots.
“Exhale… … .”
The world expands infinitely.
Although they have not been able to sense it 2,000 times, the audience was accepting with their sixth sense the feeling of swallowing the universe and then spitting it out.
7 seconds.
‘Inhale.’
6 seconds.
‘Exhale.’
“It’s strange. why do you keep… … Do you get goosebumps?”
There were only a handful of people who could properly grasp the current situation in the Colosseum.
‘Yes, Shirone. That’s you!’
Rian clenched her fists, and the eyes of the hooded woman shone.
‘Everyone is overlooking it. It’s not all about the ability to see. Before being a wizard… … .’
She was the first to speak out.
“Shirone is a banya.”
(end of volume 25)
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 624 - Banya's Magic (1) 3.txt
===============================
[624] Magic of Banya (1)
‘Four seconds. 3 seconds.’
Shirone slowly stood up.
It was impossible to recover completely, but the eyes were clear and there was no disheveled look.
– Enter the 9th stage of self-denial survival.
The heart of the participants sank when they heard the guide voice of the 2,000th system.
‘Step 9.’
I felt overwhelmed just by the numbers.
“From now on, it’s on a different level. The average of stats increases by 8.7 times compared to Tier 3.”
It was an unconvincing increase to apply to the test, but in reality, there is no such thing as an intermediate stage between tier 3 and tier 2.
Considering the size of the Colosseum, it was downsized, but among demons, only demon-level creatures are listed in Tier 2.
Powerful beings representing attributes beyond the category of creatures, such as Phoenix, the incarnation of fire, Peroton, who freezes lakes with just his breath, Grim Reaper, the reaper of death, and Sundera, who drives thunderstorms, swept over the Colosseum.
“We came all this way under the leadership of one person. If this is the case, self-denial survival itself becomes meaningless. If not, there could be mass deaths.”
Unlike Shirone, who took step by step, the other participants were like meeting a disaster after staying still.
“You have no choice but to dig into the weakness of the virtual system. Unlike reality, the higher the tier, the simpler the pattern.”
Most of the high-tier creatures live outside the human habitat and have excellent intellectual abilities, so simulation data was insufficient.
“Of course, if you know the pattern, you can avoid dozens of blades.”
It was the fear of intellect overpowering force.
“But thousands of blades are unavoidable. They will take over in no time.”
“… … .”
Thousands of blades, that was the current situation on the battlefield.
oooh oooh!
Every time the three phoenixes vomited fireballs, more than half of the Colosseum was engulfed in flames.
Covered in ironclad scales, the Peloton flew through the sky with huge fins like wings, creating a straight line of ice and raining down thunderbolts at unspecified coordinates called Thunder.
On the ground, a gigantic Grim Reaper, five meters tall, was sitting on a horse and wielding a scythe.
“What are you going to do now? Can we get a second evaluation?”
It was self-denial survival where 15 people were selected based on their skills, but now they were eliminated if they were just unlucky.
‘No, die. Even if you die two thousand times.’
The attacks of the 2nd tier creatures were powerful enough to destroy even the wizard’s spirit.
‘Absolute barrier!’
As Eden’s barrier blocked the front, 17 creatures poured intensive fire.
“Big!”
Although the name Absolute Barrier was overshadowed by changing the battery with wide-area defense magic, being able to protect more than 20 participants rather increased her value.
“This will kill my son!”
There was no place to set foot in the Colosseum from the fire of the demons, and the only safe place was inside Eden’s shield.
“What are you doing? I sent the school to become a wizard, and they all look like they’re going to die!”
Parents know the fierce competition, but the current situation is difficult to comprehend.
“End here! Let’s go second!”
It was as if they were testing who was more fortunate, and in that case, it was only natural to make a suggestion to the organizers and move on to the next evaluation.
“The situation has gotten serious.”
Olivia, who heard the parents’ complaints, said,
“But there is no cancellation. Because that is the graduation exam.”
Even the headmaster, Alpheas, could not use his hands from now on.
It was a test being held simultaneously in all countries under the Red Line.
“Find a solution! I can’t stand it any longer!”
Eden’s mental strength has reached its limit.
Phoenix’s fireballs gleamed like oil along the surface of the shield, and Peroton remained fixed in the sky, constantly exhaling a breath of ice.
‘If the barrier is breached… … .’
Some students come up with their own countermeasures and raise their mental powers.
“Shirone! Dangerous!”
Before putting it into action, Shirone jumped into the center of the Demon Gods, where all the firepower was being concentrated.
“Reckless! You will die!”
Baikal did not want Shirone to die like this.
“what… … !”
However, Shirone passed through the demons without taking any damage.
“What is that?”
The scouts all jumped up to take a closer look.
“Whoa!”
After crossing the Colosseum, Shirone pulled up the sequence ceremony at the end of the Colosseum, and golden light radiated along her body, and she soared into the incarnation of a gigantic light angel.
Key eh eh!
When the 2,000th system picked up the most active target, the Demon Gods turned and charged at once.
“Uh-oh… … !”
Just when everyone intuited the terrible accident, Shirone’s time machine created thousands of whirlwinds and distorted the landscape.
‘Poems of fire!’
A ray of light came out of the mayhem mixed with flames, scythes, ice breath, and lightning strikes.
“Huh!”
At the same time, analysts from each country clutched their heads and groaned.
“what’s the matter?”
Elizabeth frowned and shouted.
“The clock in the 2,000 system is malfunctioning!”
“hour?”
“I am not properly aware of it. The error rate is approximately plus or minus 1.14 seconds!”
“What does that mean?”
“You’re going backwards in time!”
Baikal looked at Shirone only then.
There was no sense of incongruity, but as errors accumulated in the system, the movement of creatures was cut off.
“Incarnation… … ?”
The ability that only the highest level of banya can use was unfolding in the Colosseum of the graduation exam.
“Lady Reina, this question is a bit strange, but… … .”
Vincent asked while staring blankly at Shirone wandering among the demons.
“Is that student over there really my son?”
It was a landscape that Reina could not have even imagined.
“well. me too… … I do not know.”
“Shirone is right, Father.”
Rian, who was resting on Vincent’s shoulder, turned to Shirone with a flushed face and said.
“I can swear by my sword.”
“Now! Attack everyone!”
The contestants, who were once again distracted by Shirone, jumped into battle belatedly.
‘Nuclear Fusion!’
After a long calculation, Eruki activated his deadly magic, and an explosion occurred in the center of the Colosseum.
“52,437 kilobusters! The explosive power exceeded 50 Mega Buster!”
It was the first number to appear in the graduation exam.
As if to make up for their trampled pride, their organs were revealed as if they were exploding, and the scouts were busy evaluating, analyzing, and recording at the same time.
‘I just need to hold on a little longer!’
The total amount of data generated in the Colosseum was at a level that threatened the performance of the 2,000 times system specially created for graduation exams, but even so, it could not annihilate the demons.
-Enter the 10th stage of self-denial survival.
“Are you going to see it in the end?”
The warning lights flickered as the scouts were thrilled by one of the greatest incidents in Red Line history.
– Allow 2,000 main system access. Activate a first-class security program. Summon Program Dragon, Fire Dragon Inpercus.
The eyes of the audience widened when they heard the emergency announcement.
“Dragon?”
It was a top-notch creature on a different level from a rich who belonged to the middle class even in the same Tier 1.
Key eh eh eh!
A tearing scream erupted first, and Infercus, a fire dragon with a head that seemed to pierce the ceiling, appeared in the center of the Colosseum.
“What the hell is that?”
Even the participants who took the test with desperate determination were frightened by the dragon’s tyrannical appearance.
kurrrrr… … .
As Inpercus spewed flames through his clenched teeth, he roared toward the sky, and a cloud of fire covered the ceiling!
“It’s a dragon.”
Dragons perceive and even rule the world in binary rather than language.
Even the state-of-the-art 2,000th system was nothing more than scrap metal compared to the dragon’s brain, and the magic created from its powerful calculations was unlike any human’s.
Aaaaaang!
The shape of the flames spewed out toward the ground seemed to be thrown out, and mental damage was inflicted only by the heat transferred.
“Keuuugh!”
If it was the physical realm, the body would have already been burned.
“damage!”
“Where to escape?”
The only safe zone was outside the Colosseum, which meant failing the exam.
‘Can’t beat this! What are you saying?’
Even at the last stage, there was no time limit.
‘I’m not a complete pervert!’
While avoiding the breath that turned the ground into lava, the contestants cursed the unknown test maker.
It was as if he was saying, ‘Do you guys dare to solve the problem I created?’
“It is true that Mr. Carinter is a pervert.”
Baikal knew who was responsible for designing the self-sufficiency survival assessment.
“But it is definitely a program approved by Red Line. There must be blind spots.”
There is a blind spot, but it was too narrow.
Aaaaa! Aaaaa!
Every time Inpercus spewed a breath, the participants were in a hurry to avoid it.
“damn! go up to the sky! Let’s scatter!”
After chasing the contestants, Infercus raised his head and emitted a roaring white noise towards the audience.
“Aagh! what!”
The audience, facing the dragon’s breath, forgot face and retreated, but the flames extinguished in front of the audience as if a curtain had been drawn.
“Have it! Otherwise, everyone will be eliminated!”
All the participants cast attack magic, thinking that the longer the time, the more disadvantageous it would be, but Inpercus continued to spit out flames according to a set pattern as if no message had been received.
“Analyze the parameters. Was Inpercus’ magical power level 360 million magicles?”
Elizabeth opened the 100% parameter.
“Now it is 98.7 percent.”
Even after being attacked by close to 30 wizards, it was only a 1.3 percent reduction.
“Oh, it went up to 98.8 percent.”
Creatures, like participants, regenerate their magic.
“Based on the current figures, the expected clearing time is 197 hours 44 minutes and 15 seconds.”
“… … It will be over next year.”
“The amount of magic recovery set for Inpercus reaches 14% per minute.”
It was faster than Shirone’s indifference.
“If the firepower doesn’t momentarily overwhelm the horsepower numbers, the designer will win in the end.”
“What are you going to do by beating the students?”
Annoyed, Baikal frowned.
“Evaluator! excuse me!”
Then Lara pointed to the Colosseum.
Shirone fired lasers, accumulating damage on Inpercus’ body.
The breath still terrifyingly swept through the space, but it couldn’t burn Shirone, who had activated the Fire Statue Explosion.
“Now! Attack everyone!”
The participants, who already knew the function of the laser, began casting their own deadly magic.
“parameter.”
Elizabeth immediately replied.
“It is declining at a fairly rapid pace. 88.7 percent. 86.4 percent.”
In the minds of the participants, the only thought was that it should end here.
“67.6 percent. 64.2 percent. The expected clearing time has been reduced to 24 minutes and 43 seconds.”
“Awesome. But can we maintain this firepower until then?”
“It must be difficult. In fact, the damage of the laser reaches 40% of the total damage.”
“Kuaaaaa!”
Infercus let out a roar of pain for the first time.
“Yes, Shirone.”
As the woman in the hood crossed her legs and put her arm on the seat next to her, the middle-aged man glanced displeasedly.
“Push away, the world.”
When Shirone’s laser disappeared, everyone turned their heads.
“Shirone! what are you doing!”
Even a slight drop in firepower would quickly restore Infercus’ mental strength.
‘It can’t go on like this!’
What he squeezed out with all his might was the 4th-dimensional ataraxia that combined the Sibul statue explosion.
“52 percent! 53 percent! I keep recovering!”
The audience, who had been cheering in unison, let out a pitiful exclamation, and a middle-aged man also moved his butt in anger.
“no way! me, no! We must attack quickly! What if I come this far and give up?”
The hooded woman murmured as she looked down at the magic circle of spheres emitting colorful light.
“Ataraxia.”
The middle-aged man frowned and asked.
“Now, what did you say to me?”
The woman continued ignoring her.
“A long time ago, the existence of angels was like a natural disaster to humans. So great and so powerful, all I can do is submit.”
‘what? Are you crazy?’
Seeing him muttering to himself, the middle-aged man turned his head away as if looking away.
“In fact, the target the angel had to fight was the dragon who ruled this planet before humans.”
“… … .”
But, oddly enough, it was a fascinating story.
“From then on, the human gods were divided into two. The god of the distant universe has become a religion, and the god here has been descending as the name of the king who rules over humans.”
“What the hell are you talking about… … .”
When the middle-aged man couldn’t stand it and asked, the hooded woman turned her head and asked.
“Do you know what the humans who watched the war of the gods called the magic of the angels?”
“That, well. I’m fine… … .”
As she stuttered with an unknown force, the woman turned her head toward the battlefield, raising the corner of her mouth.
“Dragon slayer magic.”
Photon Cannon.
The flashes of light that passed through the 4th-dimensional ataraxia were scattered from the outskirts of the Colosseum in huge numbers and focused on Inpercus.
Aaaaaaang!
“Fall again! 44 percent! 38 percent! 27 percent!”
The spectators watching the run of stars condensing at tremendous speed felt a certain sacredness imprinted in their genes from time immemorial.
‘This is the end!’
Shirone glared at Infercus, who was writhing in pain, and raised his arms and clenched his fists.
Vanishing Magic, Quasar.
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 625 - Banya's Magic (2) 3.txt
===============================
[625] Magic of Banya (2)
Endless flashes of light flooded the center of Inpercus, which was enveloped in a huge light.
Aaaaaa!
Because it was the strongest creature, the dragon’s scream made me feel unknown fear.
“Fourteen percent! 11 percent!”
As the analysts shouted, the audience clenched their fists without even blinking their eyelids.
‘Is it really possible?’
In history as well as in mythology, one handful of events were being reproduced right in front of my eyes.
Krrrrr!
Just then, Inpercus wriggled viciously in a massive storm.
“The magic is being restored! 13 percent! Fifteen percent!”
“It sounds like a geeky inspiration. What if I set up the concentration of magical power?”
It was proof that it was not a program that was designed with the assumption of clear from the beginning.
“17 percent! 19 percent! Keep going up!”
As Inpercus’s head gradually bent toward the ground, the contestants equipped their magic with tired expressions.
“damn! hold on! Concentrate your firepower!”
While everyone was preoccupied with the dragon, only Shirone turned and headed towards the corner.
“no.”
said the woman in the hood.
“I can’t stand that.”
Key eh eh!
Infercus’ back, which was trying to escape the quasar by concentrating its magical energy, was bent to such an extent that the spine was bent.
“It is condensed. You have crossed the threshold.”
As Baikal said, as the size of the quasar decreased, the impact began to increase.
“Nine percent! 7 percent!”
At that point, the dragon’s body twisted.
“Four percent! 2 percent! 1 percent… … !”
Elizabeth’s rising voice snapped and her eyes shook in shock.
Aaaaaa!
A dragon of 360 million magiccles was being sucked in along with the quasar that dissipated into dots.
Kieheh… … .
The screams faded away like memories of the past, and everyone in the Colosseum couldn’t move with a stunned look on their faces.
“It really sucked. the dragon… … .”
– Ends self-denial survival evaluation. 28 final survivors. After a while, the second evaluation will begin.
In a situation that did not feel real, the participants first turned their eyes to where Shirone was.
Already preparing for the next evaluation and closing my eyes, I could read the level of concentration that gave me goosebumps.
“brown… … !”
A scout from another country jumped up from the VIP seat.
“bravo!”
As if it had been promised, numerous scouts uttered compliments in their own languages, and the audience gave a standing ovation.
Even while showers of applause shook the Colosseum, Baikal was still motionless.
‘Is this your answer, Shirone?’
Elizabeth turned her head away, unable to contain her excitement.
“Evaluator, you have to give a review.”
Baikal, who was lost in thought until the applause died down, finally opened his heavy mouth.
“It’s S.”
Lara smiled and recorded the grade.
“Incredible. Clear level 10. I have never been so excited about working as a scout.”
Baikal asked Elizabeth.
“Check the records for the entire kingdom of Tormia. Are there any cases where you succeeded in clearing stage 10?”
“there is.”
Elizabeth’s eyes glowed blue.
“Nineteen years ago, here at Alpheas Magic School, there was a record of passing level 10 for the first time in the kingdom. It was the first evaluation like today, and the final survivors were 15 people.”
“It was 19 years ago. Who was the top passer at the time?”
Blinking through the information, she said.
“This is Mikea Garold.”
There was no way Baikal would not know the name of the former head of the Magic Association.
“… … Are you going after a madman?”
-From now on, the selection of the second evaluation of the graduation exam begins. One of the five disciplines, excluding self-control survival, is adopted.
Even in the event that wrote a new history in the kingdom magic school, the system was just indifferent.
“Ah, that’s stupid. On a day like today, let the contestants rest more! You’re ruining the game.”
As the middle-aged man complained, the woman in the hood crookedly leaned her head on her fist and muttered.
“We don’t take exams to win… … .”
The man’s face was wrinkled.
“Hey, lady. I’ve been holding back from a while ago, but if there’s anything you want to say, say it directly to me. Pretending to mumble but not using honorifics. Who the hell are you?”
The hooded woman turned her head away.
“Who is that uncle? Seeing you here, I don’t think you’re a parent either.”
“You mean you don’t know me?”
The man took out of his bag the Spirit magazine, which was published three years ago, and proudly displayed it.
The title of the article was written in the special plan column.
Foltar, a man who loves magic, looks back on 27 years of civilian scouting
“aha?”
“Did you know now? It’s the 30th year this year. The Magic Association’s Kreas branch also gives you a special visitor’s pass.”
“At the association? Incredible.”
“of course. Because magic is like my life. We meticulously record and keep all the records of the graduates of the Alpheas School of Magic, as well as the evolution of regulation magic.”
“Awesome. If you have that kind of passion, why don’t you become a formal scout?”
Poltar’s eyes darkened.
“When I was young and crazy about magic, I once dreamed of becoming a wizard. But life just doesn’t go the way you want it to.”
“Any special story?”
Poltar turned his head sadly.
“No Spirit Zone.”
“… … .”
“Even though I memorized the rules of magic, it still doesn’t work. Even after 30 years, this is difficult. Ha, it seems to happen sometimes… … .”
The woman looked back without answering.
“By the way, who are you? Except for the officials, they can only observe with the approval of the association.”
“Me? Are you a student here?”
“Ah, it was an advanced class.”
For some reason, I thought the words he was saying were out of the ordinary.
“Then I should watch it with my friends, why are you here?”
“Just. Because no one really knows… … .”
Poltar looked on pitifully.
“Oops. Are you being bullied?”
“yes… … Well, something similar.”
Foltar’s hand tapped the woman’s back.
“Cheer up! dream big! Do you know if you work hard? Can you really become the best wizard in the world! You are still young!”
‘I’m not that young… … .’
They look young, but there’s no need to reveal it.
“Chuck! Anyway, today is really great! It’s been a long time since I’ve had such an exciting graduation exam!”
A guide voice was heard.
-Determine the 2nd evaluation item.
A circular hologram appeared above the heads of the participants scattered throughout the Colosseum.
The arrows rotated along the remaining five events while the lights were turned off in the self-defense survival category.
‘How much has it recovered?’
What the participants waiting for the second evaluation were most concerned about was Shirone’s current state of mind.
Complete recovery is impossible without magic, and in fact, the complexion was noticeably pale compared to the beginning.
‘What the hell are you doing?’
Shirone’s friends watched anxiously.
‘When the evaluation begins, most of them will focus on attacking Shirone. There is a need to form a faction according to the sport.’
If the rivals unite, the friends will also unite, and the focal point was, of course, Shirone.
‘Shirone first. Even if I’m tired, I’m 1st in graduation. It’s in my favor to deal with it quickly.’
Amidst different thoughts, an arrow finally pointed to a slot.
“ha.”
Depending on the event, there would be pros and cons, but what was clear was that no participants would welcome this event now.
-Person-to-person combat (measurement of combat power).
“Wowaaaaaa!”
As it is the most popular event in the graduation exam, the audience’s reaction was explosive.
‘It must be really crazy.’
As such, the hardships of the participants were clearly visible, but there were no foolish people wasting their time complaining.
‘Hit Shirone.’
Almost at the same time, all 28 people entered the spirit zone, and most of the participants threw their bodies at Shirone.
On the contrary, Shirone’s friends took a position against them and pushed in from the opposite direction.
‘Person-to-person combat. In the beginning, it’s unconditionally a factional war.’
Amy, who had already been hit by a golden ring in the graduation exam a year ago, was thinking of building a united front.
At that time, Eruki and Nade, who made the same decision, join her left and right and head towards Shirone.
‘Elysion!’
Above the heads of all participants except Shirone, the photon cannon’s flash fell in a diagonal line.
“what!”
bang! Kwak Kwa Kwa Kwam!
When the battle opened due to unexpected circumstances, the participants who rolled on the floor looked at Shirone with blank expressions.
“ha. ha.”
He was already exhausted from firing twenty-seven shots at the same time, his head bowed and he was gasping for breath.
The approaching friends stopped abruptly, and Shirone, who slowly stepped back, waved her hand as if to invite her to come in.
“Such a madman… … !”
The participants, who realized the gesture that they would deal with all of them, expressed their willingness to live with uncontrollable anger.
“It is the worst decision.”
Baikal opened his mouth.
“… … I’d like to say, but I can’t now. After all, I was properly stabbed in the back of the head in the first evaluation.”
“Still, it’s impossible to deal with everyone. Besides, you are already exhausted.”
“I agree, but the word impossible is a bit harsh. Even if 27 people unite, it’s not cage level.”
It was true.
“But I can’t help feeling unpleasant.”
Leaving Gabulga, as a single magician, I couldn’t feel good about Shirone’s decision now.
“No. 27. Who do you think you are?”
Most of the contestants, whose pride was hurt, rushed at Shirone with tight eyes.
“You will have to answer, Shirone.”
At the beginning of the second evaluation, Baikal asked Shirone another question.
“you… … Are you that great?”
A wide flash of light flashed, and Shirone took advantage of the moment when the participants hesitated and flew up into the sky.
While everyone raised their eyes to the sky, the hooded woman followed Shirone’s flash and said,
“The reason why geniuses are not recognized by the majority is because they deny the existing system.”
Who could have accepted that time and space are intertwined into one system?
“It’s not like jealousy or envy. Rather, it is the realm of understanding. They cannot accept it because the system is different.”
The moment Foltar looked back at the rather grandiose discourse, the woman grabbed the armrest and jumped up.
“But I understand, Shirone. stick to it Even if the whole world denies you… … .”
The woman pulled back her hood to reveal her face, her arms wide open and her chin raised arrogantly.
‘I, the strongest labyrinth, understands you.’
“Oh, sit down! You can’t see it!”
“… … sorry.”
When the person behind him pointed and shouted, Miro, who became embarrassed, sat down and shook his head.
“Come down! After all, do you mean running away!”
The contestants fired intensive fire at Shirone, who was flying through the sky by teleportation.
Friends who did not understand at first could now fully understand Shirone’s meaning.
‘You really want to become a wizard.’
The corners of Eruki’s mouth, which made his decision, were bizarrely torn.
‘Then the desired sea, Shirone!’
As atomic springs exploded in succession and soared into the sky, Shirone flew to the edge of the Colosseum with its wide wings spread.
‘This can’t be done, this can’t be done… … .’
In the end, countless negative words about not being able to become a wizard escaped my thoughts.
“doesn’t care. Even if not everyone.”
As the wings flapped, his body landed on the back of the Ataraxia that had been piled up at the end of the Colosseum.
“I am a wizard!”
A white sphere was born in front of Shirone’s eyes and vibrated terribly, and Rian smiled.
“Of course, Shirone.”
“That crazy… … !”
The participants who discovered Ataraxia hurriedly stopped charging and gritted their teeth with tired expressions.
‘Photon Cannon!’
At the same time as the sphere of light passed through Ataraxia, all 27 people twisted their backs.
“damage! Scatter!”
A huge flash of light took over the entire Colosseum.
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

