===============================
Chapter - 1 - Meet the Magic (1) 4.txt
===============================
Chapter 1
“Wah! Wah!”
In the early morning, Vincent was roused from his sleep by the sound of a baby’s cry echoing through the mountain.
“Ugh.”
The sad sound of the infant continued to be heard as he ran his hands through his disheveled hair.
“God, what have I done so wrong?”
The hunter’s muscles strained in the dark as he kicked the blanket off of the bed.
‘Who on earth is that this early?’
Vincent looked at his sleeping wife, hoping she was having a good dream.
If she heard that, there would have been some measure of trouble.
“Haah…“
The couple, who had been married for seven years, had no children.
They had visited the clinic once with a large sum of money, but all they said was that the cause was unknown.
–There’s a thing called compatibility in bed. It’s just the way it is. Olina and you don’t seem to have a problem, so keep trying. Haha!
Vincent smiled through it at first.
However, the situation did not improve over time. By the time they entered their fifth year of marriage, he had no choice but to admit it.
He couldn’t have children.
His wife, Olina, didn’t speak of her disappointment. But at times, she would get a lonely expression on her face. And at those times, Vincent couldn’t help but be resentful towards his lower body.
“What kind of rascal is it? It’s like he’s trying to rub salt into the wound!”
Putting his complicated feelings aside, Vincent left the house with his single-edged axe.
“Who is it?! Who’s the one causing all this ruckus, at this time of the night?!”
His shout echoed through the mountains.
There was no response, and Vincent’s expression hardened at that silence.
‘Perhaps it’s a trap?’
Most hunters built their houses in the mountains.
This was due to the fact that they would have to check the traps they set at night early in the morning, and it sometimes became necessary for them to spend days in the mountains when they were tracking large animals.
Of course, safety was his responsibility, and there were a lot of bandits looking for vulnerable prey.
On the other hand, it could have been a merchant from another country. However, there was no torch in sight in the dark of the night.
“That rotten–! I’ll cut you to pieces!”
In the worst case scenario, there would be no choice but to shed blood.
He slowly approached the stable the noise was coming from. Then he quickly flung open the door.
The hunter’s excellent vision scanned the interior.
Neigh.
He heard the horse whinny.
Because animals do not lie, the impulsive Vincent’s heart relaxed a bit.
‘There’s nowhere to hide.’
There was also no sign that anyone had broken in.
“But, how…?”
Vincent looked at the bundle laying on the straw bed.
The baby, who seemed to be about two months old, was crying with a frown on their face.
Vincent hurriedly hid the axe behind his back.
When he went down to kneel in front of the bundle, he threw the metal somewhere in the corner.
“Wah! Wah!”
There was a baby, as pretty as the moon.
A baby who didn’t know anything yet, who’d just been born, and would one day spread his name around the world.
At that moment, the baby saw the adult’s face and stopped crying, a smile spreading across his face.
Vincent’s lips trembled.
Then, as if he was struck by lightning, he stood up and ran out of the stables.
“Who is it?! Who’s pulling a prank on me?! Abandoning a child! You bastard, come out!”
His roar rang throughout the mountain.
“Come out! Really?! How can you abandon a child?! You’re a monster! You know that?!”
There was still no answer.
“You’re really abandoning the baby? I’m giving you no more chances! If you show up in front of me, I’ll turn your face into a rice cake!”
Vincent shouted with all his might.
He didn’t want to have any regrets when he looked back on this day in the distant future.
“Haah. Haaah…”
Vincent, after a few moments of staring into the darkness, went back into the stable, breathing heavily.
The baby was asleep, perhaps exhausted from crying.
Holding the baby in trembling hands, he gently pressed his ear to the baby’s little chest.
“Oh…”
His heart was beating much faster than an adult’s.
“Honey, what’s going on?”
His wife, who had run outside after hearing him shouting.
Vincent showed her the sleeping child in his arms instead of answering.
“What’s with the baby?”
Vincent hesitated, as he wasn’t sure how to explain the situation.
“It’s… It’s our child.”
* * *
* * *
It was early summer.
The stream was cold and the wind was cool.
With a dead water deer draped across his wide shoulders, Vincent hurried home.
Rather than catching good prey, he was excited to go back to his family, waiting for him at home.
“Shirone! Dad’s home!”
“Dad!”
The 12-year-old boy came running to the front door with a big smile.
Come and read on our website wuxia worldsite. Thanks
Unlike Vincent, who was as rugged as a rock, the boy’s face was reminiscent of a specially processed jewel.
His hair was as smooth as gold and his blue eyes shone from afar.
Whenever he saw his pretty son, who looked like a doll, Vincent could not hide his happiness.
As soon as he threw the water deer on the floor, he buried his face into his son’s shoulder.
“Yes, my precious son. How have you been? Have you been good?”
“Yes! I helped Mom cook and also read a lot of books.”
Cooking and reading.
Vincent, who felt the incongruity between the two words, was slightly perplexed but didn’t show it on his face.
“Haha! Do you like books that much?”
“No, it’s… there’s just nothing to do.”
Vincent felt sorry for his son whenever he saw him flinch, as if he had done something wrong.
In fact, he knew it.
He knew that this miraculous child from heaven was smarter than his peers.
He read books with the letters he learned from his mom, and now he had reached the point of reading difficult books alone.
‘And that was a little pitiful.’
It wasn’t easy to raise enough money for hunters to educate their children.
The only thing Vincent could teach him was his lifelong hunting skills.
–The most stable life for the son of a herbalist is to be a herbalist, and for the son of a hunter to be a hunter.
Because even the most trivial job required knowledge and tricks that couldn’t simply be spoken of.
But Vincent couldn’t bring himself to say that.
“No. Good job, Shirone. No matter what you do, you have to learn to succeed. I’ll buy you a book when I go into the city next time.”
“It’s okay. I’ve read the books you’ve bought me, but there’s nothing special or interesting about them.”
Vincent laughed at his son’s boast.
Popular books were expensive, so he couldn’t even think about buying one of those. So he would go around the antique shops and buy books that were used and thrown away by the nobles, which were a bit cheaper.
He did guess that the content was not enough for a child to digest, anyway.
‘What a considerate boy.’
Vincent was moved to tears by Shirone’s thoughtfulness, who was considerate of his parent’s situation.
“Right! Anyways, what do you think? Do you want to go cut some trees with me? It’s important to learn, but you also have to have the physique and stamina. Today, dad will teach you how to chop some wood.”
“Wow! Then, are you going to be giving me an axe?”
“Of course! Just you and me, why don’t we go cut down all the trees!”
Vincent presented Shirone with an axe, as if he had been waiting for this moment.
‘After all… I guess he’ll become a mountaineer.’
In any case, it was important to build some muscles in his tiny body from now on.
‘But is it really?’
He had a sudden doubt.
‘Shirone looks like a child from a wealthy family, with his soft face and hair. Maybe he was the child of a noble family?’
Vincent shook his head. Whenever he had such suspicions, he felt overwhelmed. He felt like he had received a precious gift, but on the other hand, he suffered from guilt.
‘It’s a useless thought. Shirone is my child. Not a child brought in from the stables, but a child who has my blood flowing through him.’
With a firm heart, Vincent headed for the logging area, a kilometer away from the cabin.
“I’ll give you a demonstration, so watch carefully and follow along.”
Vincent spat on his palm and began to chop the tree with ease.
Not long after, with the sound of splitting wood the tree crashed down with a snap.
Although it wasn’t particularly important, a lumberjack’s ability was measured according to the number of swings it took to cut down a tree.
Because he was not a lumberjack, Vincent had to swing 10 times, but that alone took great skill.
“After hitting the same area several times, the tree will start to tilt and fall down, as it can’t hold its own weight. Can you do it?”
“Yes, I’ll try.”
As Vincent picked out a tree for Shirone, he started to copy what his dad did by spitting on his hand.
Even though he only saw it once, his positioning, posture, and even the way he rubbed his palms was a spitting image of his dad.
Just as expected of Shirone, who was especially intelligent. Vincent watched his son in satisfaction.
But as Shirone raised his axe high, it was a bit sloppy.
‘It’s not something you can do with intelligence alone.’
While the weight of the axe was considerable, muscle strength was essential when cutting down a tree.
‘He needs to start training himself, so that he can get married and have children later in life.’
No woman would want to marry a guy who couldn’t make money.
“Eek! Eck!”
Shirone clenched his teeth and swung, but every time he missed and hit somewhere different.
Vincent gave some tips.
“Don’t use up all your strength. Instead, try to decrease your power and replace it with accuracy.”
However, no matter how much he continued to aim and hit, there was no sign of the tree being cut down.
‘Is my son really this weak?’
Vincent was a little sullen.
“Phew, it’s hard.”
“It’s okay. No, I’m sorry. To be honest, I know you are not fit to be doing a job like this. However, being a hunter’s son, there is no choice…”
Vincent was choked up.
“You’re a really smart boy. More than the herbalist’s son, Barone, or the fruit seller’s daughter, Stella. You are smarter than them all. Don’t get rattled just because you lack physical strength. My greed for you…”
Tears began to gather in Vincent’s eyes.
However, Shirone, who was busy with other thoughts, spoke without care.
“More importantly, Dad, how can I cut down trees well?”
Vincent was slightly embarrassed.
He was also surprised. His son, who he had assumed would have no interest, was intent on cutting down trees well.
“You really want to try and learn?”
“Yes, teach me. It’s fun.”
Vincent, who was encouraged by his son’s words, led Shirone to the dent of the tree he made.
“Alright, look at this. Strength will work when you become an adult, but this doesn’t really require much power. It’s the tricks that count. I told you to hit the same spot earlier, but if you tilt the angle a little bit and hit around the spot you aimed before, you will be able to cut down the tree easier.”
“Oh, I see.”
Vincent finally looked at the dent his son had made, away from the spot he was supposed to hit.
‘This is…’
It was quite surprising.
It was hard to look at it and think that it was done by a beginner, as the blade had been driven into the same exact spot, over and over.
If this continued, it would have been more difficult to knock down the tree without brute strength being used. The trick to easily cut down a tree was to hit around the target spot, instead of aiming at the same place repeatedly. Because of Shirone’s frightening accuracy, it would have been impossible for his current self to cut it down.
Chapter end

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 2 - Meet the Magic (2) 4.txt
===============================
Chapter 2
“I’ll try again.”
Vincent stepped back, but Shirone remained motionless and observed the dented spot on the tree.
Vincent, who briefly thought he might just be goofing off, shook his head to dismiss the thought.
‘He’s not the kind of kid who would play cheap tricks on his parents.’
He waited, holding back his impatience, but Shirone made no move to continue.
‘What in the world is he looking at? When it comes to chopping down trees, using your body instead of your head is much more important. Come on, pick up the axe, Shirone. You just have to hit the tree as hard as you can.’
Contrary to Vincent’s restlessness, Shirone felt a light tremor travel through his body.
“I see.”
Hit the same spot, but with a slight twist to the angle.
It was complicated to explain the principles, but it was probably one of the oldest realizations in human history.
And that realization was evolving into a more powerful form in Shirone’s understanding.
‘I think it’ll work. Hit here, like this.’
Finally, Shirone pointed to the base of the tree, where he made the dent.
“Dad.”
“Hmm?”
“Should I break it in one hit?”
“Hahaha! You’re not even halfway through yet. Do you think it’ll break with one swing?”
“With a bit of luck, who knows? It might work.”
Of course, an experienced lumberjack could break a tree in only a few hits by targeting the vulnerable part of the tree.
“Alright! Let’s trust my son’s luck!”
Regardless, Vincent went along with whatever his son had in mind.
That was because he was proud of Shirone’s ambition, regardless of whether he did it right or wrong.
“If I break this, please grant me a wish.”
“A wish?”
Vincent was anxious.
‘What if he says that he wants to study? What if he asks me to send him to an academy like the nobles?”
“Take me to the city with you this time.”
To be honest, his request frightened Vincent out of his wits. However, he didn’t reveal it in his expression and laughed back.
“If it’s just that, then that’s not too hard! I’ll grant this wish of yours!”
Shirone smiled while holding up his axe.
Then, after a while, the smile disappeared from his lips. Vincent felt a little appalled.
The sight of Shirone staring at the tree was eerie. It seemed as if he was looking at something only he could see.
The axe swung.
This time, although he aimed exactly where the previous dent was located, there was a slight alteration that normal humans would not be able to discern.
Craacck!
Vincent’s eyes widened as a sound resembling thunder rang out.
“That’s…?”
Fissures appeared in the place the axe was struck. The tree, unable to handle the weight, fell.
“Yay! I did it!”
Vincent couldn’t believe it.
What Shirone succeeded in doing was called a ‘Thunder Strike’, which was considered a legend among lumberjacks.
‘It’s a skill that even I succeed in performing only once in a blue moon or so, and by luck, that is.’
There must have been a weak or a vital spot.
A very small probability, one that existed with variables such as shape, weight, or formation deficiency.
Most lumberjacks experienced it once, but to do it consciously would be like a dream come true.
It’s not like you had to cut down a tree that way, but if you swing your axe with that thought in mind, expecting and hoping for something, you’d only get tired and give up.
It was different from the world of swordsmen, where they focused on the importance of swinging technique.
Vincent didn’t know the details, but it was a phenomenon that had already been studied amongst them. Even so, beginners among those swordmasters could not even think of attempting something like this.
“I did it! I did it!”
Shirone was more delighted to be able to enter the city than about what he’d done.
“Dad! You have to keep your promise, okay?”
Vincent’s mind, while staring blankly at his son jumping up and down, became conflicted.
‘What do I do?’
He felt lost at sea, unable to figure out whether he should be raising this child as a lumberjack or not.
The cart crossed the city gate.
As Vincent grabbed the reins, Shirone was sitting in the luggage compartment, eyes sparkling in excitement.
‘It been so long.’
Just looking at the number of people passing by on the street made his heart race.
‘We still have a lot of time.’
The luggage compartment where Shirone was seated was filled with materials and resources from the mountains.
Leathers for weapon stores, meat for the market, and intestines for herbalists or magic shops.
The road was quite long, and they would have to sell and haggle over their goods. That would take a good 4 hours.
When Vincent arrived at the market, he took a bag of meat and looked at Shirone.
“You have to come back before sunset.”
“Don’t worry. I’ve memorized all the roads.”
“Only walk on the main roads. Don’t go wandering into secluded places. If someone comes and asks why you’re alone, point to the nearest store and say you’re waiting for your dad.”
“Don’t worry. Plus, nothing happened the last time I came here.”
Vincent was heart-stricken because it seemed like he was neglecting his son, but it was inevitable because his family’s livelihood was at stake. Their bargain would have to do, for now.
The first place Shirone found himself, once he stepped outside of the shopping district, was the largest library in Creas.
The boy’s heart, looking up at the huge and magnificent building, began to beat fast.
‘Knowledge.’
Did that place hold all the knowledge written down since the beginning of history?
The way to satisfy one’s curiosity was to take a look at it for yourself, but access was prohibited to everyone except for nobles.
Two girls came out with a book in their arms, and Shirone hurriedly stepped aside.
‘They’re nobles.’
There were wicked people everywhere in the world, and among the nobles, good people existed as well.
However, when speaking about nobles, Vincent always spoke as if they were the same type of threat as goblins.
—Never oppose them or speak out of turn.
The nobles had money and power that could easily crush the lives of a commoner’s family.
‘They could. But…’
Come and read on our website wuxia worldsite. Thanks
Shirone looked back at the schoolgirls, who walked past him indifferently.
‘I just want to read a book.’
With a little bit of obstinance and eagerness, he followed the two towards the aristocratic area.
‘What kind of life are they living?’
However, that initial thought was overwhelmed by the aristocratic energy of the buildings. He couldn’t raise his head.
‘This was built for people to live in?’
Among them, the best academy was as large as several mountains combined.
Shirone stopped walking and read the antique inscription on the arch of the main gate.
Alpheas Magic Academy.
‘Magic’
That one word was the only word that Shirone could not perfectly understand.
That was because, although that term was mentioned in numerous books, none could accurately describe the principles.
Unless you were a mage, explaining the workings of magic was futile. You’d only be seen as an arrogant being who thought they knew everything.
“What the…?! You, who are you?”
It was the security guard guarding the gate that shouted.
Shirone’s shabby clothes were at fault, as they stood out more since this was an aristocratic district.
“Go back! This is no place for a kid like you.”
“Oh, I’m sorry.”
Shirone ran away in a hurry, but no matter how much he ran, the wall did not end, which led Shirone to stop.
‘How wide is this thing?’
Just then, an old man’s voice was heard over the wall.
“Well, let’s talk about what magic is today.”
“No, I don’t want to! Show us magic. Show us one more!”
“Fire! The one with fire, headmaster!”
Shirone stared at the wall.
Spotting the beautiful tree peeking from the top of the wall, Shirone realized that the headmaster seemed to be teaching under the shade.
The voices sounded young.
Of course, that wasn’t strange, since nobles were taught from the moment they were born.
“Hohoho, we’ll get in trouble if we start a fire in our academy. Instead, if you get this question right, I’ll show you a fun magic trick.”
“Yay! What’s the question? Hurry up and quiz us!”
Curious, Shirone listened.
“What talent do you need the most when learning magic?”
There was a pause.
It was quite a subjective question in Shirone’s opinion, but those children were recognized for their magical talents. They came up with answers, one after another.
“Effort. Magic is so extensive that you won’t be able to learn everything, even if you study your whole life. So effort is important.”
In addition, there were other plausible answers—such as concentration and memory, but none really reached the headmaster.
He was probably harboring a smile of recognition.
“Money. You would need to buy a lot of stuff in order to learn magic.”
The children burst into laughter, and the headmaster’s laughter was also mixed in.
‘If it’s neither effort, knowledge, nor money… Then what talent do you need the most to learn magic?’
At last the headmaster spoke.
“The most important talent for learning magic is perspicacity. This is more simply known as insight.”
A second pause.
“What is an ‘insight’?”
The headmaster made a groaning sound, but soon explained with a kind tone of voice.
“Insight is more accurate than knowledge, and faster than effort.”
“Woah! Then that’s like, the greatest magic.”
“Haha! I guess it could be seen that way. No, you’re right. All magic that exists in the world began with insight. Let me give you an example. Do you know what one plus one is?”
“Of course it’s two.”
The children answered in unison, as if they were wondering how he could ask such a question.
“I see. Can you explain why one plus one equals 2?”
“Huh? Of course…”
The children said nothing.
They couldn’t figure out where to start, what to explain, and how to explain it.
Alpheas smiled.
“That strange feeling you feel now is ‘insight’. Long ago, there was a time when you didn’t know that one plus one equals two. But it’s been verified with a lot of knowledge and effort combined. But don’t you guys understand perfectly that one plus one equals two, without going through that process?”
Shirone slowly immersed himself in the story.
“Magic is a phenomenon that exists from scratch. Like the way that you know the answer is two, even when you didn’t know that one plus one equals two. The way someone puts effort and knowledge to figure it out, and the way someone, like you guys, comes to understand and realize it naturally. As such, insight is the quickest way to understand certain rules.”
“So that means we don’t have to study or try?”
“Hohoho, is that so? Does it end up being like that? But to be honest… that’s the truth.”
It’s normal for common sense to be to one’s liking, but in some cases, it is common sense because it’s easy to understand.
Shirone could guess the pressure the headmaster was feeling while speaking of this cruel reality.
“Insight is not something you can acquire with a flick of a finger. The reason why one plus one is two is because scholars have verified it over many years. Of course, there are cases where someone might realize the correct answer without going through such a process. I would call those people geniuses.”
“My mom said I’m a genius.”
“I’m sure that’s not wrong. Every human being is born with talent, and if they sharpen that talent of theirs, anyone can be a genius.”
The moment he heard that, a lump formed in Shirone’s throat. He felt overwhelmed.
—Anyone can be a genius.
But, was that really true?
Would he be given the opportunity to climb over that far-off wall?
“Yes. There, the one standing behind the wall. I’d like to hear what you think.”

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 3 - Meet the Magic (3) 4.txt
===============================
Shirone jumped back in surprise.
‘Wh-What should I do?”
‘Should I run away, or should I answer? No. Do I, a commoner, even have the right to answer?’
Alpheas continued.
“There’s no need to panic. Come over here. I would like to see your face.”
Shirone, who continued to question himself, walked to the wall as if possessed.
If he didn’t cross that wall right then, he felt like he would never be able to cross it.
As Shirone climbed the wall, he saw a white-haired, elderly man who would look quite common on the street.
In truth, he was a certified Grade 4 mage, recognized by the kingdom. He was well known in other countries for his high virtue.
Alpheas, sitting on a rock, waved.
“Come. Are you here to be my friend?”
Having gained confidence from his kindness, Shirone jumped over the wall and entered the academy.
Under the shade of the tree, children around Shirone’s age sat in a circle.
One child frowned.
“Headmaster, he’s not a nobleman. I think he’s a commoner.”
“Huh? Really? Commoners aren’t allowed here. Hey, get out of here!”
Alpheas looked puzzled for a moment, as if he was expecting someone who was of noble status, but soon spoke warmly.
“It’s all right, come this way. So, what part of this old man’s words drew your heart?”
Shirone hesitated.
He wanted to get closer to Alpheas, but the eyes of the children were preventing him from doing so.
“Show me magic.”
“Hoho, have you never seen magic?”
“I’ve read about it in books, but I’ve never seen it in person.”
A child pointed his finger at Shirone.
“As if! What kind of commoner can read?
When Alpheas looked into Shirone’s eyes, it certainly didn’t seem to be a lie.
However, it was the nature of children of that age to deceive adults.
“Okay. What kind of magic do you want to see?”
“It doesn’t matter. I don’t care. Anything is fine, so show me. Please.”
Shirone realized his situation, so he lowered his head. Then Alpheas waved his hand and laughed.
“This old man’s one and only joy is to show his magic to his honey buns. Alright! Then this time, I’ll show you magic that creates wind.”
“Wooaah! It’s wind, wind!
While the children clapped their hands in awe, Shirone clenched his fist in tension.
‘Wind? How can I…?’
In that instant, when Alpheas raised his hand, Shirone’s eyes opened wide in shock.
“Whoa!”
The weight of his body disappeared and flew up to a height of more than 20 meters.
The numerous buildings of the magic academy, and the mountain ranges that were situated beyond it, were noticeable with a glance.
“AHHHH!”
Screaming broke out as a matter of course, but the other children were enjoying it while cartwheeling around the sky.
After a while, the children start to drop, one by one.
The speed of the drop was so great that Shirone closed his eyes tightly at the sight of the fast approaching ground.
“Wha–?”
There was none of the impact Shirone was expecting.
Feeling strange, Shirone opened his eyes slowly and saw that his body was floating a little above the ground.
When the children burst into laughter at the sight of Shirone, Alpheas also laughed mischievously.
“What do you say? This is magic.”
Of course he was kind at times, but he wasn’t boring enough to not enjoy the child’s reaction.
That may be why he came on a bit stronger than usual, but Shirone could not answer him.
The beating of his heart was all he heard.
‘This… is magic.’
This sensation he experienced for the first time in his life was completely beyond the nebulous boy’s fantasy.
Shirone, once he came to his senses, spoke.
“What is magic?”
“Well, let’s see. Magic is…”
“It doesn’t matter if I don’t understand. Please tell me the truth.”
The children’s expressions hardened.
Even though they were young, they knew what position Alpheas had in the magical world. Therefore, even the children of the prominent noble families laid low and acted like obedient children in front of him.
‘Our teachers can’t say things like that to him.’
Alpheas also thought it was bold at first, but after a while, he changed his opinion.
‘He’s a smart kid.’
He was not trying to understand things right away.
‘I know what kind of opportunity I have right now. That’s why I’m not trying to understand it easily, at an elementary level. I would rather have difficult, but accurate information so that I can study it myself!’
If he hadn’t had an education on magic before this, then this child’s judgment had to be excellent.
‘But really? Does he believe he can do it alone?’
So far, Alpheas, who was deep in thought, looked at Shirone with a different look from before.
He was tense, as if his life was on the line.
“Haha! Listen comfortably, it’s not a difficult thing to understand. But if you would like, I can raise the difficulty a bit. Magic is something that deviates from common sense. In other words, it’s the mental process of exploring the truth of a phenomenon.”
Shirone was engrossed in thought.
“If you don’t understand, you can just say so.”
“So it’s not an easy phenomenon to explain, but you’re saying that is the truth?”
Alpheas blinked.
“Where did you learn that?”
“Oh, well, in a book.”
“There was a book with content like that?”
“No, I just thought about why books are used. Even if someone goes out their way to write down something that everyone knows, no one would bother looking at it. Truth is something that is different from the common sense we normally know, that’s probably the reason why books are written and are read.”
‘Anyone can memorize and recite. However, understanding the concept of a book requires an inherent characteristic… insight. Is he really a commoner? What a shame!’
Looking at his appearance, it was highly likely that the commoner was from the lowest of the low, living outside the city.
Shirone asked another question.
“How can I learn magic? Does it require special powers?”
“I don’t know what special powers you’re talking about, but it does take a lot of mental strength.”
It was an unexpectedly lackluster answer.
“That’s really it? Does that mean you can fly in the sky when you think of the wind?”
“Well, that’s difficult to answer. But to add a little exaggeration, yes. Of course, it’s not just ordinary thoughts. The mage’s consciousness must coincide with the world. An extremely sensitive state of mind, for instance.”
Alpheas’ serious expression prevented the children from intervening.
“What is a sensitive state of mind?”
Alpheas smiled.
‘This isn’t curiosity. He’s really planning on learning magic!’
On the contrary, it was concerning.
‘It’s unfortunate, but he’s a commoner. He won’t be able to get a formal education. If I were to encourage him further, he would only be more dejected later on.’
Alpheas looked back at the students, with the intention of cutting off the flow of the conversation before it went any deeper.
“When a mage focuses, his mind becomes sensitive enough to sense everything around him. Mages call this as entering the Spirit Zone. I’ll show you a demonstration, so watch what this child does. Shuamin, would you like to enter the Spirit Zone?”
“Yes, headmaster.”
A girl with braids answered confidently.
It was natural for them to show off their skills, because they were born with extraordinary talents.
Come and read on our website wuxia worldsite. Thanks
Shuamin closed her eyes and the other children created a reverent atmosphere on their own.
As if such an attitude proved their own superiority.
“I entered the Zone.”
“Then let’s get started.”
Alpheas, who took out a coin, shook it in his hand. Suddenly, he clenched his hand and held it out.
“Now, how many coins are in my hand?”
“Six.”
When he opened his hand, there were exactly six silver coins.
Alpheas repeated it for a second time as Shirone watched with a surprised look.
“Three.”
Once again, that was the correct answer.
After that, Alpheas tried a few more times, but the result was the same.
“That’s enough, Shuamin, you did a great job.”
“Haaah.”
Shuamin let out a long breath.
The only thing she did was guess the number of coins, but her forehead was covered in cold sweat.
Alpheas looked back at Shirone.
“That, right there, was an example of an extremely sensitive state of mind. The moment they enter the Spirit Zone, a mage can perceive the outside world with extrasensory perception. Excellent mages can even guess the number of leaves at a long distance. Of course, the skill Shuamin showed us was great, too.”
Shirone, who succeeded in performing the ‘Thunder Strike’ by relying on his senses, could vaguely feel and understand it.
‘She wasn’t counting the number of coins!’
She was sensing the totality of the primitive data that existed long before that.
To sense the entire state of affairs in front of you…
It was not an empty assertion to say that a master of the Spirit Zone could guess the number of leaves from far away.
Then a question naturally followed.
“Can I as well… No, perhaps I can’t?”
Alpheas replied.
“Anyone can do it.”
The Spirit Zone could be reached by anyone, but also at the same time, not just anyone could achieve it.
The grand total of constant effort and talent to test human limitations… That was magic.
“Practice in a quiet place. You first have to feel yourself, and then dismiss it. If that happens, a different world will unfold. Do you understand what I’m saying?”
“All right.”
Shirone understood.
“If you don’t feel yourself, it will be impossible to erase yourself.”
Alpheas couldn’t help but admire him again. That was not an insight that a 12-year-old could easily put forward.
Two cases occurred to him.
Either he was a natural talent, or a mischievous acquaintance of Alpheas sent the kid to pull a prank on him.
“Would you like to give it a try? Here.”
There was no reason to refuse, so Shirone nodded without hesitation and closed his eyes.
‘Recall back to the ‘Thunder Strike’ incident.’
Except when he started to focus, it was on another level from back when he was trying to find the vital spot hidden in the grooves.
How much do we know about ourselves?
‘Who am I?’
Shirone realized for the first time how difficult it was to clearly define himself.
‘I was mistaken!’
‘There is just too much of me to delineate, and none of it is accurate.’
‘Me. What actually am I?’
At that moment, Shirone felt a very simple truth springing up like a fish.
An extremely sensitive state of mind.
Alpheas’ previous claim was frighteningly accurate.
‘Brain.’
It’s not an organ of the body.
‘I… I don’t know the world beyond the brain.’
The concept of the brain.
The truth was that all the senses and realities he accepted were actually arbitrary.
‘There’s no need to define it. Just feel it. It’s not that my existence gets sensitive…’
Only a keen mind would remain.
Instead of trying to define it, Shirone erased everything he thought was ‘himself’.
Because if you erase it like that, eventually there would be nothing left.
And finally.
Even Shirone’s thoughts disappeared.
At one point, Shirone’s eyes opened wide.
“Haah. Haah.”
The scene in front of him was peaceful.
The children were yawning in boredom and Shuamin was playing with her hair.
Shirone did not notice that 10 minutes had already passed.
Alpheas wasn’t expecting much.
He acknowledged the concentration that lasted 10 minutes, but that was not enough to succeed.
“Yes, I heard it.”
Alpheas raised his eyebrows at the unexpected answer.
“Oh, what did you hear?”
“Sounds. I heard everything.”
“Hoho, I see.”
Alpheas nodded as if he was expecting that result.
‘As expected, it’s not possible!’
It seemed like his senses had become extra sensitive, but the things that happen in the Spirit Zone were different.
First, you experienced synesthesia.
From sound, you could smell. From light, you could taste. And from the shape of the landscape, you could feel it touch your skin.
‘That’s too bad. He was talented.’
If he was a noble, wouldn’t he have achieved something similar to the children here if he was trained from an early age?’
Of course, that alone wouldn’t have caught Alpheas’ eyes.
That was because there were many children in the world who had superior skills to those of the children there.
“Well done. If you practice hard in the future, you’ll be able to hear more.”
Although reaching the Spirit Zone was not successful, that concentration training would be of help in the child’s life.
“Well, that’s the end of the special class today. You all go back, too.”
When Alpheas walked away with the children, Shirone jumped over the wall without delay.
He was feeling disappointed in Alpheas.
He was trying to be considerate when he walked away first.
“Haah. Haah.”
Shirone, who crossed the wall, sat on the floor and breathed heavily.
His heart beat to the point that it started to hurt.
“It really worked. It really did.”

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 4 - Meet the Magic (4) 1.txt
===============================
He had heard a huge sound.
Maybe it wasn’t a sound, but Shirone couldn’t think of any other way to express it.
It felt like a mouth was attached to every object around the world and had conveyed something to Shirone. All the sounds came together and eventually became one.
‘I’m not who I thought I was.’
It was the world itself.
As he was recalling what the world had conveyed to him, one enormous truth hit his head.
‘I’m Infinite.’
“Heuk. Huk.”
Shirone, who was immensely moved, closed his eyes and dashed off.
He needed to run.
Despite being trapped in his earthly body again, his mind still remembered what it was like being in the Spirit Zone.
‘I’m free.’
‘How much time has passed?’
Shrine, who wasn’t paying attention to his surroundings, suddenly felt something impact his face.
“Urgh!”
When he fell on his back, he looked around and saw a sickening scene in an alley.
‘How did I get here?’
He was so affected by his emotions that he couldn’t remember what happened a while back, but now reality had woken him up.
“What the hell?! So annoying.”
A group of tramps were staring at Shirone, eyeing him like how a predator would eye prey.
The guy pushed by Shirone grabbed him by the collar.
“Hey, you! Are you crazy?”
“S-Sorry.”
“’Sorry’ doesn’t cut it! Be honest, you were sent by the Wolf Gang to humiliate me, weren’t you?!”
“No! I wasn’t!”
They noticed through Shirone’s eyes that he was a kid who didn’t even seem to have the courage to hit a person, let alone use a knife.
All that was left was to go through his pockets, but they didn’t think he would even have a dime with that attire of his.
‘Even so, with that face of his, he could be sold for quite a lot of money.’
‘It’s obvious that he’s one of the lower commoners out there… That’s even better! I won’t have to take responsibility for anything that happens!’
While engrossed in their thoughts, a woman’s voice was heard outside the alley.
“What are you guys doing? Did something fun happen?”
The men all turned at the same time.
“Miss Amy!”
Shirone looked at Amy as if he had met his savior.
‘So young!’
She had red-colored bangs covering one eye. She also seemed to be a girl of his age.
“Hehe, what brought you here? Are you bored again?”
He talked in a light tone, but the hands of the man approaching Amy were modestly clamped together.
It was a natural behavior for those who knew her identity.
Amy Karmis.
She was part of the Karmis family, a family labeled to be just below the royal family in terms of hierarchy. They were the 1st-ranked nobility.
It was out of the ordinary for the youngest daughter of such a family to hang out with tramps, but for the adolescent girl who was tired of living, being defiant was her only joy in life.
“This kid tried to kill someone, so we’re just trying to teach him some lessons.”
“N-No! I bumped into him without realizing it.”
“Ha! As if! You want me to believe that?”
When the burly man raised his foot to kick Shirone’s stomach, Shirone curled up in panic.
“Ugh.”
“You got to compensate, boy! Where’s your mom? I said go get her!”
Shirone was shocked.
Don’t they have parents as well? How could they curse the parents of other people like that?
“The look in your eyes has changed. Are you upset?”
The tramps who noticed the anger in Shirone rushed in and started beating him down.
“Stop it. You’ll hurt him too much.”
As soon as the tramps backed away, she jumped down from the wooden box and approached Shirone.
“You okay?”
“I-I didn’t do anything.”
“Nobody said anything. I’m asking if you’re okay.”
Amy stared at Shirone’s face.
‘Don’t make such a face with just that. It’s as if someone just kicked your puppy. I’ve lived a much harder life than you!’
In the eyes of others, being the only daughter of the Karmis family would seem like a privilege.
‘I’ve lived a harder life than you. I worked my ass off to get to where I am today, so why must I sympathize with you?’
It was also her who conquered the tramps in this back alley, where all kinds of crimes were prevalent.
Even if it was a childish thought, the story changes depending on one’s status.
Amy turned her head to the tramps.
“What are you going to do now? Do you have anything more interesting in mind?”
Shirone, who thought he was going to be let go, was surprised.
On the other hand, the tramps, who knew of Amy’s bad temper, spoke calmly.
“We were planning on just checking for money then selling him away to a brothel after.”
Amy smirked.
Of course, she had no intention of going through with what the backstreet tramps were planning to do.
She was planning on moderately bullying him then sending him home.
“Hmm.”
Amy, who was carefully examining Shirone’s appearance, came up with a s@distic prank.
“There shouldn’t be any defects on a male prostitute. Why don’t you take off your clothes so we can check for any?”
She was actually a bit curious about him, and considering the fact that Shirone was a lowly commoner, she wouldn’t have to take any responsibility.
‘And to be honest, he has the looks.’
His looks were certainly decent.
“Take it off. Who knows? If you do as I say, I might let you go.”
Shirone was absent-minded.
He couldn’t believe this was happening to him. These so-called humans in front of him looked like demons in his eyes.
“How could you? That’s a really bad thing to do.”
“Don’t you know? This is how the world runs. After all, you’re just labeled as a victim because you’re being harassed. Whether it’s this or that, it’s all the same for weaklings. Everyone only cares about themselves.”
The leader of the tramps snorted.
Because if you were to blame the world, you’d feel like you’ve become an adult, you’d feel like you’ve outsmarted others.
‘You’re wrong, you immature girl!’
‘You talk about artifice when you haven’t seen nothing. You talk about pain, yet you haven’t experienced true pain.’
‘You don’t know anything.’
‘Life lasts much longer than you think.’
“Hey! She told you to take off your clothes! You wanna get beat up again?”
At some point, Amy began to feel a little uneasy at the unresponsive sight of Shirone.
‘Did he go crazy?’
However, Shirone didn’t go mad.
Rather, he was focused on the changes in his brain more than ever before.
Come and read on our website wuxia worldsite. Thanks
He entered the Spirit Zone as his strained mentality became extremely sensitive to the violence he experienced for the first time.
‘This is…?’
It was definitely different from the first time he experienced it. This second time he experienced it, he was levelheaded enough to understand the information flooding his mind.
He could almost hear eyes blinking.
With the boundary between himself and the outside world torn down, Shirone sent his consciousness along the instinctive path.
The place his consciousness ended up in was at the memory of Alpheas teaching magic at the magic academy.
“Ah…”
His insight began to collect superficial information about Alpheas’s emotions, senses, mind, actions, demeanor, and attitude.
The information was combined in a limitless pattern that went on forever. And eventually, the essential information was brought into Shirone’s consciousness.
“Hey! Quickly get out of your clothes! The miss says she wants to see!”
As the tramp grabbed him by the collar and shook him, Shirone almost got thrown out of the zone.
The Spirit Zone, which required high concentration to enter and maintain, was vulnerable to outside influence.
The danger was comparable to someone shaking the tightrope you were walking on.
Amy shouted as she detected the change in Shirone’s eyes.
“Wait! Wait a minute!”
However, it was already too late. Shirone’s will strongly distorted nature.
“BOOOM!”
As the ferocity of the winds rose, all the physical things in the alley came to mind.
The wooden crates, the pebbles on the street, the thugs, and Amy, were no exception.
“AHHHHH!”
The scream brought Shirone to his senses.
A desolated empty alleyway appeared before him as things began to drop from the sky.
Thud! Thud! Thud Thud! Thud!
The heavy sound that gave Shirone goosebumps drummed the ground.
As gravity was a familiar thing, it was often overlooked. But the force called gravity was a much more powerful force than most people of this time could imagine.
The tramps who fell on their limbs, hoping to use them to survive the fall, experienced first-hand the pain of fractured limbs.
“Auughhhh…”
“M-My arm… My leg…”
Their legs were grotesquely bent and the bones of their forearms pierced through their skin.
Shirone was taken aback.
He didn’t expect to produce such a disastrous result.
Meanwhile, the only person who had their body intact and in good health was Amy.
Nobles have their bodies honed from infancy, so it goes without saying that 1st-class nobles were the best skill-wise.
Amy, who came down while holding her fluttering skirt, turned to Shirone with dumbfounded eyes.
“You… Who in the world are you?”
The scene created by Shirone a while ago clearly showed why mages were existences to be feared.
Even Amy, who often boasted about her unique athletic body, could not resist against the brief appearance of a whirlwind.
“Answer me! Where did you learn that magic?! How could a commoner…!”
Amy stopped talking.
The guards came running to the site after hearing the screams in the alley.
Amy clicked her tongue because she knew her family. If she were to get caught, they wouldn’t let this one go.
“Tsk.”
She stepped on the building, leaping and zig zagging up the walls.
Shirone, who had been staring blankly at those impressive, inhumane movements, quickly snapped back to reality.
‘I’m in trouble.’
If the guards saw him here, they would interrogate him about what exactly had happened here.
‘Dad!’
Shirone realized on that day in the city… That the world was cruel to the weak.
‘No one would believe me!’
Shirone turned away and frantically ran towards the only person who he could trust.
The Karmis Family.
A 1st-class powerhouse of the kingdom.
Although they were not nobility from the capital, the outstanding individuals produced by the family spread throughout Thormia.
The only Karmis’s now left in their estate were Lord Shakora, the family leader who had retired, and Amy.
“I’m back.”
“Where have you been? I heard you skipped your training again.”
Although he was over 60 years old, he had the visage of a man in his prime.
He was tall, had intelligent looks, and wore glasses. Yet despite the scholarly look, knowing he was the best in the kingdom, he could not hide his pride.
“I’ve learned everything I needed to learn. It’s not even fun.”
“So you played around with the tramps? No matter how much of a tramp you think you are, if you continue with that attitude of yours, kids of your age will end up catching up to you. Even gemstones have to be polished to become jewels. If you let your guard down, one day, you will come to regret wasting those days away.”
“Gosh! That nagging of yours.”
Shakora smirked.
He understood the peculiar, pubescent child. He also understood the dissatisfaction she had toward the family.
‘The grass always seems greener on the other side.’
The reason he was not correcting her behavior was because, unlike her brothers, she had inherited his talents.
‘When you realize what you have, your tilted axis will automatically find its place, for that is the fate of a genius.’
Amy suddenly stopped. Thanks to her dad’s nagging, she remembered the morning incident from before.
“Who the hell was that?”
She trained wholeheartedly because she hated the rumors that insisted she was where she was only because she was born into a prestigious noble family.
‘He looked to be around the same age as me.’
‘He definitely wasn’t taught how to fight, so how did an uneducated individual master magic?’
‘An accident… Or is it perhaps the awakening of talent…’
That was the only thing she could think of.
‘…If you let your guard down, one day, you will come to regret wasting those days away.’
Amy bit her lower lip.
‘I will never lose!’
She swore to herself that she would never lose against someone from that social class.
“Dad…”
It was a surprise to hear Amy starting up a conversation with her dad first. So to sincerely show that he was listening, he lowered the newspaper in his hands.
“Yes?”
“I’m not really saying that I want to fully get into it… But there is a subject I’m interested in.”
“Oh?”
Shakora’s eyes shone in excitement.
She was a bright kid who could understand with just half a word.
“Tell me. I will actively back you up.”
“No, I’m not saying I want to devote myself to it, I’m just interested in it.”
“Then I’ll support your interest.”
Amy was a bit bitter.
‘Yes, I know!’
There was nothing difficult in the world if you had the power and wealth of a 1st-class noble family.
‘How foolish of me to think that my parents would exert any effort in trying to raise me themselves… But I have no choice but to go with it.’
Amy did not understand how childish it seemed to other people to deny the Karmis family until she was beaten by a commoner.
‘I’m gonna become the best!’
Amy, who made her decision, spoke.
“Magic.”
“Mm? What was that?”
“If you know anyone from the magic academy, please introduce me.”

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 5 - Meet the Magic (5) 2.txt
===============================
Shirone kept quiet about what had happened in the city.
It was not a simple matter. Because once he brought it up, he would have had to tell them about what happened at the magic academy.
Shirone thought back to the incredible experiences that day brought forth.
Whether it was a blessing or a misfortune, it was clear that since he had crossed the line, there was no going back.
Geniuses know if they are a genius, and Shirone had more or less realized that he was a bit different from others since he was young.
And although he had never felt superior, his desire to overcome limitations was stronger than anyone else.
But he couldn’t reveal it.
His parents were the most precious things in the world to Shirone, and he didn’t want to burden them with such things, as despite the fact they were poor, they never forced him to go through a hopeless path.
And due to that, daily life didn’t change.
He helped his mom with housework and went to the nearby forest to cut down trees.
However, Shirone now spent most of his time meditating, not wielding an axe.
Every single day since the awakening, Shirone had been secretly training the Spirit Zone.
Thanks to this, by the time a month had passed, Shirone managed to cut down the time it took him to enter the Spirit Zone.
There were some parts that were not as easy as he thought.
No matter how familiar he was with the Spirit Zone, he could not reproduce the magic from the alley.
‘It’s to be expected.’
He only subconsciously managed to do it due to his instincts kicking in.
So even if a similar situation were to occur, and the same emotions were to surge forth again, he knew it’d be difficult to do it while being aware of it.
‘If I want to rationally cast magic, I’ll have to skip over insight and instead learn the middle process to know everything!’
But there was no information available to Shirone, who had not formally learned magic.
Instead, he focused on digging into the Spirit Zone which was the only thing he could do.
When he finished meditating, he practiced the Thunder Strike.
Unlike the first time, the success rate dropped as he began to be conscious of the skill.
‘The power of insight is incredible!’
Sometimes, beginners succeeded not because of knowledge, but because of insight.
However, cutting wood was different from magic, as you were able to practice doing it.
With each swing, Shirone corrected his mistakes one by one.
Craaack!
The tree fell satisfyingly.
But Shirone continued to swing his axe without a look of satisfaction or happiness.
He was just correcting a mistake he found.
‘Tomorrow, as well as the day after that…’
That was how he repeated the basics.
‘For the chance to practice magic will come one day.’
While dragging the logs home, Shirone’s eyes shone with intensity as this was the most motivated he had ever been.
Standing by the window, Shirone looked at the magnificent view of late autumn leaves flying through the mountains.
3 years had passed, and he was now a 15-year-old boy.
He still wore childish clothing, but he had a face handsome enough to turn heads.
“I’ll be back, mom.”
“Take it easy. We have plenty of wood.”
“It’s gonna be winter soon. We have to be prepared.”
He let out a cold breath as he left the cabin.
Since seasons arrived faster in the mountains than in the cities, snow was already piled up at the top of the mountain.
“I’ll have to walk quickly if I want to be back before sunset.”
Shirone wasn’t scared of the cold as he spent three years training in the Spirit Zone, and due to this, his mental fortitude had already exceeded the level of normal adults.
After his shy character disappeared, he hung out with the other children, but he had no particularly close friends.
They were different from Shirone.
The children of the mountain were all rough, and most of the girls thought the same way as well.
For example, a year ago, a woman named Hauran from a Hwajeonmin Village once seduced Shirone.
TL/N: Hwajeonmin Village refers to a place where people who practice the slash-and-burn agricultural technique live.
When she, who was six years older, tried to approach physically, Shirone freaked out and refused.
Then she suddenly changed and threatened to ransack his house if he told anyone about what happened.
Shirone, who recalled the event, burst into laughter.
It didn’t end up happening, but he remembered being really perturbed about her coming.
‘I’m sure she’s doing well!’
Arriving at the logging area, Shirone found a suitable tree and lightly swung his axe. Afterwards, he took a careful look at the dent he had made.
If you were thinking of the commonly referred concept of ‘seeing’, he was actually not looking at anything.
‘It’s not something you can find with your eyes!’
You may automatically realize the principle if you repeat the same action or thoughts over and over.
Shirone, who had swung his axe in numerous ways over the past three years, was finally catching on.
‘Feel with my eyes.’
It was a method called Inner Eye.
Shirone’s eyes changed for a moment as he swung at the dent with strong force, unlike before.
Following the sound of thunder, the tree fell down.
‘That succeeded with just two tries!’
Although luck was on his side this time, he had succeeded with 10 tries before anyways.
‘Whoo.’
After finishing his quota, Shirone sat down on the stump of the fallen tree and entered the Spirit Zone.
Currently, his Spirit Zone’s domain was a sphere with a diameter of about 40 meters, which was the level of an upperclassman at the magic academy where those who were talented gathered.
The shaking of the bushes was felt, the sounds of worms wriggling, and the sound of osmosis from the trees entered his ears vividly. It was as if the earth had assimilated into him.
Nature changed constantly, and Shirone felt it.
The five hours of savoring the dynamic world went by in an instant.
“Huh? It’s already dark?”
After completing his meditation, Shirone split the wood into pieces and carried it to the Jige.
TL/N: Jige is a traditional Korean framed carrier used in the past to carry heavy materials.
Arriving home, Shirone found a carriage in the yard and examined the stable.
Two white horses he had never seen before were eating the fodder.
“I’m back.”
No usual greeting welcomed him.
Come and read on our website wuxia worldsite. Thanks
The atmosphere was strange.
His mother’s face was dark, and in the living room, an old man he saw for the first time was talking to his father.
“Huh? Dad? When did you come back?”
“You’re home?”
For someone who left at dawn to go sell materials, he returned fairly quickly.
In addition, he would have drowned him with kisses, but this time he remained seated in his chair.
“Say hello, Shirone. He is the deputy butler of the Ogent family.”
The old man approached.
“Hello, I’m Temuran.”
“Nice to meet you. My name is Shirone.”
Shirone politely greeted.
Shirone, who lived deep in the mountains, also knew about the noble family, Ogent.
They were 2nd-class nobles located in Creas. They were known for producing skilled warriors and soldiers.
“I came to see you.”
Although the deputy butler was a commoner, Temuran’s tone was imbued with the characteristic sensibility of a noble.
The status system of Thormia was divided into nobles and commoners, but in reality, it wasn’t as simple as just that.
Those who worked closely with the aristocracy were more authoritative, and those who lived outside the castle, like the Vincent family, were often called and treated as the lowest commoners.
‘Even so…’
Why did someone of the highest status among commoners come all the way to this valley in the mountain?
“Then I’ll be taking a look.”
Temuran felt around Shirone’s body and examined his appearance, physique, and eyes.
Shirone was offended for being treated like livestock, but while Shirone was thinking that, Temuran said something.
“Do you know how to read?”
“Yes. I’ve been reading since I was young.”
“Hmm.”
Shirone’s patience has also reached its limit.
“I’d like to know what’s going on. Can you tell me?”
Temuran’s eyes grew cold
“You have a pretty good reputation. Being the son of a mountaineer, you know how to read, and you’re very devoted to your parents.”
Temuran said in a borderline mocking tone.
‘What the—’
As soon as Shirone tried to reply back, a shocking proposal left Temuran’s lips.
“Would you like to work for the Ogent family?”
“What?”
Shirone felt as if he had been struck by lightning.
‘What now?’
No, that didn’t matter because it would mean working for a 2nd-class noble family.
“The family is relocating the Great Library. It’s not work just anyone can do. There are about 10,000 books that cannot be leaked. The porters will do the heavy work, but the classification work will only be done by you and me. It’ll take about two years.”
‘Library!’
Shirone’s heart almost burst.
His excellent insight had a gut feeling that something ominous lay behind the suggestion, but he felt like he could take on any poison.
Temuran told Shirone the kind of poison he had to drink.
Which was his pride to not use cheap tricks against a commoner.
“You and your family are the only ones who know of this. If for any reason a book is leaked, or if rumors spread, you and your family are dead.”
Shirone then understood why the expressions of his parents were dark.
Even if he promised not to reveal anything, no one knew what could happen in those 2 years. It was like entrusting your life to someone else.
And yet, the reason why Shirone couldn’t turn down the offer was probably because…
“We’ll compensate you with enough money to live a good life. You will earn a lot more compared to your father. Hah, thanks to having a good child, it looks like the family is going to make a living.”
Vincent spoke with a red face.
“I didn’t hear your proposal because of the money! I just wish that Shirone… That he…!”
Tears welled up.
A rare opportunity brought by a loving father who wanted only to help his son achieve his dreams… And yet said opportunity could end up killing his son.
“…My only wish is for my son to achieve his dreams.”
Temuran snorted.
“What are you thinking? Aren’t you getting ahead of yourself? Wake up. I’m only hiring. You were the one who asked me to use your son. There’s no reason for such a request unless it’s for money.”
“You said he can read books!”
“Of course he can read books if he’d like. But I’m not asking for him to read it, I’m saying that it’s impossible to perfectly keep an eye on him. That’s why I’m saying you’re dead if anything is leaked. It’s a minimal safeguard.”
Vincent clenched his teeth.
He heard, when he went to sell goods, that the deputy butler of a noble family was looking for a commoner who could read.
He thought it was an opportunity from heaven, so he ran to Temuran and begged him to use Shirone.
But he didn’t expect him to say that.
Imagining his son getting hurt… Was the thing that frightened him the most. What if he thinks that his dad sold his child away because he was blinded by money?
“Please leave. We don’t need any money. If I knew this was gonna happen, I wouldn’t have begged. So please, leave.”
“Dad, I’ll do it.”
“Shirone!”
Temuran looked back at Shirone, not expecting that.
“You’ll have to risk your life.”
It was quite the frightening job for a 15-year-old boy.
“Are you sure? I’m not trying to scare you. I’m telling you in advance that even a small rumor will lead to a blade next to your throat.”
“Yes, I’ll do it. I won’t ever leak anything, and I’ll not blame anything or anyone if a rumor were to spread for some reason. So let me do it.”
Temuran couldn’t help but trust him.
All the conditions were perfect.
He was a lowly commoner that could be killed anytime, had deep filial piety, and intelligence.
Feeling his travel was worth the effort, Temuran turned around.
“I’ll come pick you up in a week, but if you change your mind in the meantime, you can always tell me. But remember, once in the mansion, you won’t be able to leave until we’re done.”
Termuran opened the door and walked out, but his family wasn’t in the mood to open the door for him.

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 6 - Opportunities worth more than life (2) 2.txt
===============================
Vincent grabbed Shirone by the shoulders and shouted.
“Shirone! Why did you— That was a very dangerous thing to do! No, it’s all my fault! It’s because this father of yours is ignorant! Let’s just turn it down!”
“It’s all right, dad. The only thing we have to do is to keep our mouths shut.”
“It’s not that simple! How can you keep your job a secret? It’s crazy no matter how much I think about it! I will take responsibility for the refusal!”
Shirone shook his head side to side.
He was fortunate that he had good parents.
“Father.”
Vincent abruptly stopped, looking dazed at the sudden way Shirone addressed him for the first time.
What was more shocking, however, were the tears falling from Shirone’s eyes.
“Sh-Shirone.”
“Thank you.”
Said Shirone, who opened his arms while having a big smile on his face.
“You gave me the biggest gift in the whole world.”
“Heuk!”
Vincent cried, not caring whether he’d lose face or not.
In his entire life, had he ever seen his son’s face filled with that much joy?
“Don’t worry, Shirone! No matter what happens, I will protect you! Don’t worry about anything and work hard! I will protect you for sure!”
“Dad, I’ll do my best.”
“Yes, my son! My precious son!”
And the mother, Olina, was also wiping away her tears of happiness at the touching sight of her husband and son.
* * *
A week later.
The butlers of the Ogent family came to pick up Shirone.
It was a project that would take more than two years, but Shirone, who lived a simple life, only packed one bag.
Temuran decided to give 20 gold a month on the condition that Shirone would live with him. In comparison, the monthly income of Shirone’s family was only four gold, so it was a huge increase for a hunter family.
‘Will this house be a little more luxurious when I come back?’
He knew what his parents were like, but Shirone tried to imagine something happy and shook off his sorrow.
The butlers proceeded with the contract in a hurry, and a distracted Vincent had to send his son away in the carriage without a proper farewell.
‘It’s just the beginning!’
Contrary to his worries, Shirone’s mind was calm.
He didn’t show his parents, but he had decided that from now on, he would only make calculated, logical decisions that were not dependent on emotions.
Entering the Spirit Zone, Shirone felt his anxious parents through synesthesia.
PR/N: Synesthesia is a fancy name for when you experience one of your senses through another.
‘Don’t worry!’
In that instance, Vincent and Olinas’ hearts suddenly warmed.
“Shirone…”
It wasn’t magic.
It was just that their son’s feelings were conveyed.
“Let’s go!”
The moment the carriage rattled, Shirone bounced out from the Spirit Zone, but his closed eyes did not open.
‘Let’s not get shaken up!’ Have to stay focused!
While entering the Ogent family was a once-in-lifetime opportunity, it also came with huge risks. The opportunity was a double-edged sword.
Could he survive two years while living amongst the rich and powerful?
‘I have to concentrate!’
Leaving himself to an unknown future, Shirone plunged back into the Spirit Zone.
The Ogent family was a household that produced nation-approved Grade 3 swordsmen, which in the military corresponded to the rank of General.
“The family leader, Lord Bischoff Ogent, is a nation-approved Grade 4 knight. He is currently serving as a military commander in the city of Creas. In short, he is a big shot who commands this city’s military.”
Upon their arrival, Shirone, while listening to a butler’s explanation, looked at the main gate of the Ogent family.
“Wow!”
In the center of the enormous mansion, a huge road opened up.
‘That’s the Ogent family’s Broad Way. When you think of the Ogent Family, you also think of the Broad Way.’
The road that stretched far without any obstacles revealed the characteristics of the family.
“Hehe, are you scared? You’re not already surprised, are you? They’re the real deal.”
“Watch your words. You want your head to fly?”
An old male servant snapped.
However, due to the fact that he could relate to some extent, the butler said no more.
“Come this way.”
The Broad Way was not a road for butlers or servants.
Shirone turned to the garden path next to the road and bypassed the mansion.
The place where the male workers were situated was a four-story, circular building. And in the office of said building was where the deputy butler, Temuran, resided.
“You’re here? Follow me, I’ll explain the work.”
“Yes. I’ll do my best.”
Temuran, who did not even receive a greeting, headed to the library with thick documents.
As soon as the old iron gate was opened, a scenery that Shirone dreamed of unfolded.
A world of books.
On the second, third, and fourth floor, all he could see were bookshelves filled with books.
“Whoa…”
Smelling the rich scent of paper, Shirone clenched his fist.
It was worth risking his life.
“We will be moving the books here to the new library. All you have to do is sort the books. I’ll give you a list every week, so find and gather those. You work from 9 in the morning to 6 in the evening. You can’t go outside and you can’t enter the mansion without special orders. But other than that, you’re free to do what you want. As for the worker rules, another butler shall tell you of them. Do you understand?”
“Yes. When do I start?”
“ Tomorrow. Unpack and rest for today. In the meantime, make sure you understand all the rules a male worker needs to follow.”
The next day, Shirone went to the library to get to work.
When he started working, he finally realized why only one person had to do this job.
The list given by Temuran contained hundreds of titles, and among those, the classification criteria was subjective.
For example, it was unclear whether the book History of Swordsmanship should be classified as a history book or a book for swordsmanship.
‘Mr. Temuran has set the framework anyway. As long as it doesn’t go far off from the criteria I set!’
Shirone had set his order of priorities.
Since history was comprehensive and swordsmanship was technical, the History of Swordsmanship was classified as a book under the swordsmanship category.
It took as much as two weeks to set his own criteria in this way.
Of course, even this kind of work was beneficial.
This was because in the process of establishing his own category system, Shirone had realized a fact that he had not known before.
All knowledge was connected.
The work gradually became easier, and soon afterwards, he was able to reach the targeted quantity each day in time.
‘I’m going to start reading now!’
He wanted to use his time efficiently as all the knowledge here would become a huge weapon for him in the near future.
‘Okay, there are 10,000 books in front of me.’
Even with the approximate two years left, it was impossible to read all the books.
Come and read on our website wuxia worldsite. Thanks
‘Where should I start? Would it be best to just start off with a random book?’
Suddenly, a thought came to mind.
“Right!”
All knowledge is connected, so as long as you dig into one field first, you’ll be able to strengthen another later.
‘Then which field should I study first?’
After repeatedly thinking over it, the corner of Shirone’s mouth went up.
“History.”
It was the core of all knowledge. Events and discoveries were recorded in chronological order.
Shirone imagined the concept of history as a horizontal line.
If zoomed in, the line would contain all human knowledge, including religion, science, magic, mythology, literature, arts, politics, war, and economy.
“Learning history will greatly shorten the time it takes to reinforce other fields of study. History is truly the Core of Knowledge.”
According to his self-written classification list, there were approximately 850 books.
Shirone made up his mind.
‘I’ll read all the 850 books in the two years I have left. This will be my foundation!”
From that day on, Shirone read books without going back to his lodging, even after his work was over.
He could skip the roll call using overtime as an excuse.
In fact, except for Temuran, the deputy butler, there were no workers who cared about Shirone, a temp.
‘It’s difficult!’
Reading history books was a pain in the neck for Shirone.
The specific names of places on the continent, famous figures, and the events that occurred could not be easily memorized by a boy who grew up in a mountain for 15 years without ever hearing about them.
‘Should I just memorize the whole thing?’
Shirone shook his head.
‘While it’s important to memorize it, it’s more important to be able to pull it out of my mind anytime. Understanding even a single event is the quickest way to building a proper foundation!’
It wasn’t easy understanding history.
This was because he had to identify in depth why such an incident was inevitable and how it had affected the future.
Efficiency had dropped significantly and it had reached a point where Shirone couldn’t finish a book even after a week.
Naturally, the days he slept in the library became more frequent, and he would, at times, collapse as if he were about to faint.
Four in the morning.
The iron gate opened and Temuran with a crystal lamp came in.
Temuran would come in at this time every day to check on Shirone, who was oblivious to this fact.
His eyes turned to the book at Shirone’s feet.
‘It’s the same!’
Even though it was not a difficult one to read, the book had not changed for the past 15 days.
Temuran snorted.
If Shirone was furiously mastering those practical books, he was going to ban him from accessing the library aside from working hours.
But it was complete nonsense. He was a fool who dreamed an absurd dream.
“Of course. Being a child of lowly commoners, what kind of success could you have?”
While you have to be smart to get ahead in terms of studies, you also have to be clever and know how to think intelligently.
Temuran, who only thought of Shirone as a child with a nonsensical, grand dream, thought he was far from promising.
Three months later.
Shirone gradually got more used to the classifying job. He also learned several pieces of information through the male servants.
The most shocking fact of all was that the nobles didn’t care if the books were leaked.
In any case, the busy nobles who already had a lot on their plates were not interested in whether or not a few books were to disappear.
But that did not indicate less danger.
An aristocrat could only have a laid-back attitude if he had the loyalty of the commoners.
Servants, to prevent even the tiniest of mistakes, could become cold and heartless.
Commoners had to risk their lives in order to not catch the attention of the nobles.
Shirone could tell just how different the two lines of thinking were from each other.
Then one afternoon, the library door opened and he heard an unfamiliar boy’s voice.
“Haah… That old man. On a day like this, who cares if I rest a bit.”
Shirone blinked as an uninvited guest had made a sudden appearance.
‘That person is…’
It was Rian Ogent, the youngest son of the Lord.
Having the blood of a mighty knight, he had a masculine, rugged face, and even though they were the same age, he was a head taller than Shirone.
Shirone’s train of thought was suddenly interrupted by a shout coming from outside the library.
“Rian! How dare you run away! Once I catch you, you’ll be made to run another hundred laps!”
“Argh! Damn it!”
Rian, who was running between the bookshelves, finally found Shirone.
Rian, who was running towards Shirone, grabbed Shirone’s shoulders suddenly and said.
“Hey! Don’t tell him I’m here, okay?”
Then, whilst he hid himself under the bookshelf, an old man’s thunderous roar shook the library.
“Rian! I know you’re hiding here!”
Although he was a gray-haired old man, his shoulders were wide. He was also tall enough to remind Shirone of a giant.
“You! A boy as tall as a peanut with blue hair came in here, right?”
Shirone thought about it.
He did know the blue-haired boy, but if the blue-haired boy was the size of a peanut, what did he look like in the eyes of this old man?
“From what I saw, he looked like the youngest young master. But excuse me, who are you?”
Shirone intended to change the subject, but the veteran saw through the boy’s mind.
“I’m a swordsman instructor! I’m saying that I’m the teacher who has the right to beat up that peanut. You’d better tell me quickly, unless you wanna get beat up.”
Shirone pursed his lips.
Anyone who taught the young master under the orders of the Lord was not a person who could get fooled by the words of a boy.
“Oh, I see. The youngest young master is hiding under that bookshelf over there.”
“Hey! Are you crazy? You wanna die?”
Rian crawled out with a frown.
Then, he discovered his swordsman instructor, who came up close to him. He started to tremble in fear.
“Master! This is a misunderstanding!”
“You rascal!”
The swordsman grabbed Rian by the collar and threw him to the ground.
As soon as Rian’s body fell, Shirone closed his eyes.
Rian hit the floor with a loud noise, as his limbs were spread out on the ground due to the shock.
“Follow me, you punk! Forget training! You need to be mentally trained again!”
His instructor dragged him out with his legs. With an upside down view, Rian faced Shirone.
And mouthed something.
Even though no voice was heard, and only the shape of the mouth was passed on, Shirone heard it clearly.
–You’ll pay for this.

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 7 - Opportunities worth more than life (3) 5.txt
===============================
After that day, the back of Shirone’s head itched almost daily. But Rian did not show up.
According to the rumors, he got caught by his instructor and was taken to the mountains.
It wasn’t until a month later that Shirone relaxed.
Humans were oblivious creatures. As long as nothing big or significant occured, it would soon be forgotten.
‘No way he has a grudge simply because of that.’
With a light heart, Shirone started reading about the founding of the Kingdom of Thormia, his country.
The number of books he had read over the past four months was 82.
Though not a large number, his reading speed gradually sped up as the number of completed books increased.
‘My prediction wasn’t wrong!’
The first book took 20 days to complete.
However, after fully understanding the first book, many things got easier for Shirone.
No books he read, following the first, had any completely new information.
There was only a difference in degree of complexity, but the same information would repeatedly appear.
‘No need to be scared. It’s only hard the first time!’
If he were to lay the foundation with about 200 books first, the remaining 650 books would be much easier to take in.
Shirone’s favorite part of history was definitely the mages’ active role in it.
If a scholar studied a theory, the mages were the ones who implemented said theory.
According to this relationship, the occupations of mages were as diverse as the many fields of study.
Nevertheless, the reason why all scholars were not mages was because they could not enter the extremely sensitive state of mind: Spirit Zone.
In addition to the variety of knowledge, a mage must have sensitive senses.
Therefore, Shirone, who had already mastered the Spirit Zone, was even more frighteningly immersed in building up his knowledge.
He suppressed his curiosity towards more miscellaneous subjects, and dug through only history.
‘I have to hold myself back!’
Shirone suppressed his urges in order to gain the endless efficiency that would come with the Core of Knowledge.
When that efficiency finally arrives, just what kind of mage would Shirone become?
It was a waste of time to think about stuff like that.
“Whoo.”
After reading the last page of the founding history, Shirone closed the book with a satisfied expression.
At that moment, the door burst open.
“Hey, you jerk! I went through hell while waiting for today to come!”
It was Rian Ogent who returned from hell.
To call him an incarnation of the devil with that malicious face of his would not be an understatement.
‘So persistent!’
He harbored the same amount of anger as when he was dragged by his swordsman instructor a while back.
If Shirone was to point out any difference, it was that his eyes were sunken and his body appeared thinner.
“Are you really here for that?”
“Of course. Do you know how much trouble I went through? I climbed and climbed the cliff countless times. Everytime I thought I would fall to my death due to my waning strength, I managed to hold on as I NEEDED to get my revenge!”
Shirone was anxious.
If he had been growing that hatred everyday, then Shirone must look like a sworn enemy to him.
“Aren’t you going to answer? You thinking about saying empty words? I’m asking why the heck you snitched on me that day, you coward! I feel sick when I see guys like you!”
“I didn’t rat on you, I just told the truth.”
“I asked you for a favor. Why didn’t you tell me that you weren’t going to help me? I trusted you.”
Shirone gave up persuading because he couldn’t deal with the reasoning of an aristocrat.
“Then what should I have done?”
Rian looked slightly taken aback by the unexpected attitude.
He looked like a butler who had just started working for his family, but he looked so calm.
“Alright, you’re ignoring me too, aren’t you? You must have heard something from somewhere, but I’ll show you clearly who I am. Follow me.”
Shirone followed Rian.
Judging from the degree of his anger, he seemed to be thinking of taking him somewhere to beat him to the brink of death.
‘It’s better than dying. Let’s just let him do whatever he wants to do to me. Whether it be hitting or mistreating me.’
He couldn’t throw away the opportunity that his parents risked their lives for.
Whenever he felt fear, he imagined his parents enjoying their meals.
It was a small exercise hall where they arrived.
Since the family revered martial arts, there were several large and small exercise halls in the mansion. But the place they were now was a place dedicated to Rian, and no one would hear if they screamed.
Shirone waited with a dry mouth while Rian lit the torch.
He wished they could just start quickly because each passing second made him more and more uncomfortable.
Maybe it was on purpose.
But if Shirone were a swordsman, he would’ve known this level of tension on a battlefield was normal.
“Here, take this.”
As the training ground lit up, Rian threw a wooden sword towards Shirone.
The wooden sword, which clung to Shirone’s hand with a loud slap, had a handle thicker than that of an axe’s.
“Why are you giving this to me?”
“A duel. I’m not as cowardly as you. I’m destined to become the greatest swordsman in the future. But enough about that, This is my way of paying you back for snitching on me.”
Shirone thought that was ridiculous.
“How was I cowardly?”
“As a servant of the Ogent, you have to protect the Ogent. You sold me out to my master because you were afraid of getting beaten. Someone was in trouble, and yet you sold them out. No matter how much I’m ignored by my family, I cannot be treated the same way by a guy like you, so bring it on. Considering the gap between us, I’ll allow you to come at me three times before I start.”
Rian’s look changed.
Although he seemed to have a simple, ignorant personality, those eyes of his were certainly Ogent.
Shirone, who responded to the fighting spirit, was holding the wooden sword tightly with both hands.
In other words, after his three chances were up, he knew his bones were going to be broken.
Various thoughts crossed his mind.
‘What do I do? What can I do?’
In the midst of despair, Shirone did not give up.
No matter how unlikely it was, he couldn’t just not try.
“Here I come!”
Shirone’s spirit, which was showcased through his raised sword aggressive rush, was unexpected, but Rian simply snorted.
‘His posture is awful.’
‘He’s never wielded a sword!’
As Rian blocked Shirone’s attack, he shouted.
“One!”
Smack! A satisfying sound spread through the training ground.
To Shirone, it sounded like the footsteps of a lion strangling someone’s neck.
He transformed the fear in his stomach to a loud shout and tried to slash his sword horizontally.
“Two!”
Come and read on our website wuxia worldsite. Thanks
This time, one corner of Rian’s mouth rose as he easily blocked the slash.
Shirone choked up, he pulled himself together and entered a state of extreme concentration.
‘Spirit Zone!’
As all kinds of information were integrated into synesthesia, a light bulb went off in his head.
Rian snorted.
‘Vertical slash, horizontal slash, vertical slash?’
No matter how new a beginner was, it would have been harder not to block such a simple pattern.
Rian, who raised his wooden sword to block Shirone’s attack, took a step and shouted.
“Now it’s my tur—”
CRAACK!
The center of Rian’s wooden sword shattered, and Shirone’s wooden sword broke as well.
Fragments of wood flew past Rian who had a face of astonishment.
“Huh?”
Rian quickly came to his senses and took a good few steps back to look at the wooden sword.
The grain of the cross sectioned part of the sword stood up rough.
This was a characteristic that occurred when the force of impact was not released properly and remained inside.
“That… That was Sword Smash, wasn’t it?”
A skill to destroy weapons.
Just as there was an infinite amount of ways to perform a slash in swordplay, there was also more than one method to destroy weapons in every school.
The Ogent family called theirs Sword Smash, and it was a Secret Technique that was only handed down directly.
The reason why it was labeled a Secret Technique was because it was not a skill that one could master with strength alone.
In close-quarters combat, the absorption of power is as diverse as the weight of it.
In order for Sword Smash to succeed, one needed to perfectly pinpoint the area in which the shock would not be spread. It was also necessary to understand the opponent as to ensure they could not dissipate it themselves.
Rian was shocked.
Even Rian, who had been wielding a sword ever since he was born, never succeeded in executing Sword Smash.
Most of all, he was offended because he was the only member of the family who had not yet mastered the technique.
“Who the hell are you? Where did you learn that swordsmanship?”
Shirone dropped his broken sword.
He sensed with the first blow and analyzed Rian with the second blow.
And on the third blow, he did it, The Thunder Strike he had practiced for three years.
“I never learned any swordsmanship!”
“Shut up! You’re rotten to the core! How did you succeed in doing Sword Smash?! If you’re trying to make fun of me, I won’t let you off so easily!”
“That was Thunder Strike.”
“Thunder Strike?”
“My father is a hunter. Since I used to live in the mountains, I used to cut down a lot of trees. Since I was neither big nor strong, I had to learn how to cut down trees in a more technical way. It naturally came to me. Among the lumberjacks, this skill is called Thunder Strike.”
Rian’s thoughts were all tangled up.
‘Mountaineer? You went around cutting trees? What the hell are you talking about? I’ve been holding a sword for 15 years now. Sword Smash is not a skill you can learn through cutting trees.’
‘None of my peers ever succeeded in casting Sword Smash. But if I had to name someone who could…’
Rian thought of one.
‘Rai Ogent!’
He was the second son of the Ogent family. He was two years older than Rian.
He was also a genius in swordsmanship. He’s considered to have the greatest talent in the history of the Ogent family.
Rian clenched his fist tightly because he envisioned his brother laughing at him.
‘Damn it!’
Rai first succeeded in executing Sword Smash at the young age of 12.
His family gathered to celebrate and their father held a week-long party.
Rian clearly remembered his emotions on that day, as now, even the child of a mountaineer had surpassed him.
“I can’t accept it!”
He let out a thundering cry as he needed to vent his emotions.
‘But…why?’
‘How come he became something… While I’m still a nobody…’
“Young master, I’ve shown grave disrespect…”
“Shut up! Nothing’s over yet! No one’s lost!”
Rian headed to the outskirts of the training grounds.
There, equipped with various weapons, he returned with a high-class long sword used by aristocrats.
The sight of the sword gave Shirone shivers.
‘Perhaps…’
The sword, which made a ringing sound as it was drawn, reflected the torch.
Once he finished checking the blade, Rian put it back in the sheath and threw it to Shirone.
Raising his head in confusion, he stepped forward in order to catch the sword with both hands.
Rian spoke while stretching out his fingers.
“Since both of our weapons broke, let us consider this match a tie. If you really mastered Sword Smash, then we’ll have to account for that. One month from now on, let’s compete here with real swords.”
“Ah…”
Shirone’s heart dropped.
He just wanted to survive, but he somehow made the situation worse.
Wooden swords and real swords were on totally different levels. In addition, Rian would not be giving him three chances like before.
‘I might actually die this time!’
The faces of his parents came to Shirone’s mind, as he felt the fear of death for the time.
“Young master, please change your mind! I never even learned swordsmanship!”
“That’s why I’m giving you a month. You learned Sword Smash while cutting down trees? Although I can’t believe it, if you’re that smart, you should be able to come up with something in a month.”
Rian didn’t think it was unreasonable. It would have been possible for Ogent Rai.
He saw his brother in Shirone.
‘Yeah, I just didn’t have enough resolve.’
“Don’t even think about running away. Regardless of my personal feelings, I will definitely surpass you.”
Rian’s last words tied Shirone down.

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 8 - Opportunities worth more than life (4) 3.txt
===============================
The following day.
Shirone, with a tired face, went to work in the library. He couldn’t sleep a wink due to what happened yesterday.
Due to having a lot on his mind, he couldn’t speed up his work.
‘Let’s calm down.’
After struggling to calm himself down, Shirone was eventually able to regain his composure.
‘I’m not dying now. I still have a month. I’ll be able to figure something out.’
First of all, background check.
According to the information he gathered, Lord Bischoff had three sons and one daughter.
The eldest son was a certified Grade 6 swordsman. The second son was also a genius swordsman who followed in his brother’s footsteps.
The eldest daughter was also talented, but she chose music over swords and was working as a royal pianist.
And after figuring out all that, he noticed Rian was the only one who failed to stand out in the end.
The Lord even provided him an exclusive teacher, but the reports claimed he was not talented.
“Haah, I shouldn’t have done that. I should have just accepted the hits when he was adamant on beating me.”
It was natural that Rian, who had been compared to his brother all his life, was angry at the Thunder Strike.
It seemed that not all nobles were born to excel.
“Now what? I’m in big trouble.”
Agitated again, Shirone stared blankly at the real sword, which had been left unattended under the desk.
“I don’t have time for this.”
Shirone jumped up and headed for the study.
‘Whether I fight or not, it’s always better to be prepared!’
Since he lived in the mountains, Shirone was confident in his stamina and level of fitness, so if he were to learn self-defense, he would be able to at least save his life.
After putting aside the history books for the time being, he collected all the books related to swordsmanship.
While there were technical books like the Sword Textbook, there were philosophical books such as What is Sword? and Only Humans Are Afraid of the Sword.
Practical books such as Let’s Win With Bluff and The Stronger Individual Is the Survivor were also seen.
Shirone opened a book with the simple and clear title of Swordsmanship.
It was a book that contained the history of swordsmanship as well as overall knowledge about it.
It was also an interesting book in the eyes of the aspiring mage, Shirone.
If mages had the Spirit Zone, swordsmen had something called the Schema.
Schema was both an imaginary body and a schematic of the human body.
Every human had their own body image, and the Schema was an extreme embodiment of it.
Masters of Schema would say that they could fully understand their body and be involved in how their cells moved as well as how their nerves sent signals.
Shirone put down the book and slapped his knee.
“It’s nearly identical to Spirit Zone.”
A mage would erase their existence and assimilate with the world, but a swordsman did the opposite and further dug into themselves.
Shirone attempted Schema.
Feeling an imaginary self while maintaining the senses just before entering the Spirit Zone.
‘As expected, it’s not too difficult yet.’
However, the imaginary body was dark as a shadow and could not be felt.
‘If I were to remove this dark curtain, it would become Schema. It’s truly incredible.’
Shirone picked up the book again.
It was written that the method of mastering Schema varied widely from family to family and that prioritizing specific parts to strengthen it depended on the method.
While there were families that unlocked Schema to simply develop the mind, there were also families that drove the body to the limit.
Some families focused on muscle strength, some speed, and some used Schema to strengthen nerves.
‘Come to think of it…’
Shirone recalled the red-haired girl from the alley three years ago.
At that time, the situation was hectic, but when he thought about it back at home, her movements were not something a normal human could do.
‘She unlocked Schema. She was about the same age as me… What great talent.’
Shirone closed the book and ruminated.
Rian couldn’t have mastered Schema anyways, but Shirone wanted to try doing so, even if there was a barrier.
‘Schema is not exactly swordsmanship. Just like how Spirit Zone is not exactly magic.’
Just like how knowledge was significant to a mage, a strong body was essential for a swordsman.
‘If one’s body is not supported, the width of reinforcement is extremely narrow. I already have the Spirit Zone, so it would be faster to find a solution to swordsmanship rather than trying to accommodate two completely different concepts!’
It was a strategy to learn some useful swordsmanship with the Spirit Zone as the base.
“Good.”
Shirone opened a beginner’s textbook in swordsmanship.
Knowing that his life was on the line, Shirone’s concentration was at its highest ever despite having to suddenly study swordsmanship, a subject he previously did not have much interest in.
“ARGH! ARGH!”
Dust rose in the Great Training Grounds. Rian’s legs were the culprit.
His heart was about to burst. No oxygen was being inhaled, so the chyme in his stomach flowed back up.
“Blaaargh! Blaaargh!”
His lunch came out, but Rian did not falter and continued to run.
“100 laps! Pass!”
The swordsman, Kite, shouted. Rian looked different today, and as his instructor, he couldn’t have been any more proud.
“New record! But what happened to you? Why just start to flow with the training now?”
“Damn it! You call this training?”
“What did you say, you punk?”
Kite looked at him with slit-eyes.
He complimented him for the first time in a while, but old habits die hard. All Rian did was complain and grumble.
But today’s whining was different.
“I’m still standing on my two legs! Master, is there anything harder?”
“Oho?”
Kite was quite surprised.
‘It’s been a while since he’s shown such zeal.’
It was the first time in two years since he knelt before the genius of Rai Ogent.
“You. Something happened, right?”
With his hands on his knees, Rian raised his sweating head.
“…There’s nothing like that.”
Kite did not believe him.
With the eyes of his disciple staring ahead in such a frightening way, Kite knew something was definitely bothering him.
‘Is it Rai again?’
No matter how much he thought about it, the only person who could make Rian this way was the second son of the family.
Did Rai accomplish something again? But what? Didn’t Rai already unlock his Schema?
It didn’t matter. His disciple was Rian, not Rai. And currently, he was bearing his neck, allowing him to push Rian to his heart’s content.
“Good! Let’s go hard today! Even if you were to die, I want you to know that I won’t be responsible for it!”
“Bring it on!”
Come and read on our website wuxia worldsite. Thanks
Rian swung an iron bar twice as heavy as a longsword.
There was no limit on the number of times he had to swing, for if you couldn’t realize Schema with your insight, then the only way was to push your body to its limits.
“Ha! Ha! Ha!”
Kite watched his student repeatedly cut vertically with satisfaction.
But not long afterwards, his expression hardened.
At last he realized and ran towards Rian with his eyes wide.
“You crazy! Stop it! You’ll burst your muscles!”
“They haven’t burst yet!”
Kite stopped himself.
Tears were flowing down from Rian’s eyes as he clenched his teeth and continued to swing the iron bar.
“Damn it! Why aren’t my muscles exploding! Why can’t I break my arm? I can do more! This isn’t the end! I’m not done yet!”
Tears welled up in Kite’s eyes.
He was a teacher who was as upset as his student.
‘How come it’s not working? He’s pushed his body to the limits… So why can’t he open Schema?’
Kite wiped away the tears with his thick arms.
This shouldn’t be the case. What would become of Rian if even his own teacher were to doubt him?
Kite intercepted Rian’s iron bar.
This time, Rian did not protest and stopped moving because his teacher had stopped him with his own hand.
“Rian, that’s enough. Let’s call it a day.”
Rian’s madness disappeared with that warm voice, and with that, his arms gave out, and without even knowing that the bar had fallen to the ground, Rian replied with his head down.
“Okay. Thank you.”
Kite wrapped an ice towel around Rian’s shoulders. Seeing that the bones were not damaged, he was surprised at the sturdiness of Rian’s bones.
Sitting on the hill of the training grounds, Rian was staring at the distant mountain with a fierce expression.
“What are you thinking about?”
“That my arms are killing me.”
There was a small smile on Kite’s face.
“Rian, I’ve never written about your talent in a report.”
“Tsk, did I ask?”
“But I think you’re talented. Achieving something quickly is not the only indicator of talent. Reaching for the unachievable is a talent as well.”
“You don’t have to comfort me. It’s only those words that are sweet. Frankly speaking, I’m only working this hard because I’m not talented.”
“Is it really though? A genius knows that they’re a genius, so they are clearly aware of what they can do. Have you ever thought of that?”
“Well, I do know what I can’t do.”
“Yes. That’s why you’re not a genius.”
Rian looked back at Kite with a ridiculous look.
He was adding fuel to the fire. He was a teacher who made both his arms and heart hurt.
“Stop it. I already know that.”
Looking at his pouting student, Kite smiled.
“But Rian, do you know what a genius is afraid of? They’re afraid of effort. Geniuses work hard, but their level of effort is different from normal people. They may experience setbacks and pain, but there exists no doubt as they only do what they can. So effort is a powerful weapon for those who aren’t geniuses. You’re trying because you’re not talented? Don’t even start with that. While talent guarantees you something, effort can grant you something talent can’t. And that thing is will.”
Kite grabbed Rian by the shoulder and squeezed.
“You have the will to challenge the nigh-insurmountable. That will is something not everyone has. Simply put, will power is the natural enemy of a genius.”
Rian liked that. It didn’t matter to him if they were just words of comfort.
Yeah, he didn’t have talent, but he knew that despite the fact he wasn’t born with a road to success, he could pave it himself.
‘I’ll definitely win.’
He was determined to put everything he had into training.
Shirone knew clearly what he could and couldn’t do.
And due to that, he began to study swordsmanship without hesitation when he realized the concept of Schema.
Selection and concentration.
Talent efficiently designs the shortest distance to a destination through these two.
Shirone set aside all the miscellaneous techniques and dug into the basics of swordsmanship.
A month passed.
During that time, Shirone trained in only two things: the eight ways of cutting and the eight ways of blocking.
‘This is my best!’
Satisfied with his performance, Shirone finished his training.
And finally, he asked a question that would show what he had learned over the past month.
“What is swordsmanship?”
While It was a sport that was made with the purpose of taking lives, it was also a sport that required high-levels of wits and intelligence in order to come out alive.
Shirone aimed the sword forward.
He learned from the books that the enemy could move in every way imaginable, but he knew that was not the truth.
‘The sword that comes in to cut me is real. So there are eight places I need to block!’
He responded with his imagination.
Eight blades that overpowered eight defenses turned to hundreds as one addition was made.
“Urk!”
It wasn’t possible to calculate all the ways a sword could move.
‘I’m not counting numbers. I’m feeling as a whole.’
Just like how you couldn’t see the whole forest when staring at a single tree, Shirone needed to focus not only on the individual aspects of what he learned, but to look at them as a whole.
That was insight.
But it was easier said than done.
As various patterns spread out like fractals, he kept focusing on a specific spot.
‘It’s okay if I don’t make it. Let’s observe for now. I’m just fixing errors right now!’
Free from tension, Shirone completely let go of his thoughts at some point as he delved into his mind.
Then the whole thing was visible and all kinds of possibilities began to appear at once.
‘What?’
Shirone’s eyes were filled with astonishment.
‘There’s no end to it.’
His sword and Rian’s were filling up the scenery around him.
Shirone, who dropped the sword, stumbled backward.
‘Haa.’
Swords, too, were infinite. Shirone saw the infinity of their swords.
‘I see the swordsmen chose this kind path!’
Shirone chose the infinite path of magic, so being able to relate swordsmanship to that made him feel good.
‘Mom, Dad, I’m sorry. I might not be able to go back!’
He had no regrets.
And the same was true for Rian.
Despite his life being on the line, Shirone was happy that he was able to see such a wonderful side of the world.
Ding Ding Ding…
The bell rang signaling eleven o’clock.
Rian, who wanted to have what he couldn’t have, did what he could.
The clash between the two boys in stark contrast to each other was now just an hour away.

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 9 - Opportunities worth more than life (5) 2.txt
===============================
The Great Training Grounds.
Arriving on time, Shirone saw Rian waiting for him.
The two stared at each other’s swords without moving from their spots, as if the battle had already begun.
“Let’s get started.”
Rian’s weapon was also a longsword.
The subversive and vigorous swordsmanship of the Ogent family was originally more suitable for greatswords rather than longswords… Until Schema came about..
Therefore, the reason why they chose the longsword was because it was more suitable with Schema, not for consideration towards the opponent.
Rian carefully observed the Stillness Encompassing Movement learned by Shirone in the beginner level of swordsmanship.
His center of gravity was better than before.
‘Is that really possible?’
Rian, who discovered Rai’s genius traits in Shirone, suddenly had a thought.
‘That guy might really not have learned swordsmanship.’
‘But… How can you be so calm when you’re holding a real sword for the first time? Aren’t you afraid of death?’
Rian also feared death. Therefore, he trained endlessly in order to gain the courage to face it.
‘No matter how talented you are, catching up to me this quickly is impossible… So how?’
Of course, Shirone knew.
As a beginner, he couldn’t flexibly control this life-and-death duel as well as Rian could.
Therefore, he developed a special training.
‘If you can’t beat fear, then simply understand it.’
It’s called ‘jumping off the cliff.’
Human beings were capable of jumping off cliffs if they didn’t imagine what would happen after.
‘Fear exists in the future, and the future is just an illusion that doesn’t exist yet.’
Like a dictator of absolute power enjoying a dinner calmly before a rebellion, Shirone imagined himself standing on a cliff.
His body remained in the air when his right foot stuck out in front of the cliff as his left foot followed.
‘You’re not falling until you fall. You’re not dead until you die.’
Understanding the essence of danger, Shrione knew that that cold intelligence was sometimes scarier than a warrior’s bravery.
And the cool-headed consciousness of Shirone boosted the Spirit Zone’s sense of stability drastically.
“Here I come!!”
Rian was approaching before Shirone knew it.
There seemed to be a flash of light in front of Shirone, and it was definitely a whole different level of swordsmanship compared to his meager level.
‘But… I can feel it.’
Recognizing the trajectory of the sword through synesthesia, Shirone calmly titled his upper body.
Rian stared in shock as his sword was dodged, both of his eyes opening wide.
‘He’s looking at the sword?’
To dodge a real sword required one to stare at it, which was something most trainees couldn’t do.
However, swords were also infinite.
As the number of attacks gradually increased, Shirone’s synesthesia began to develop blind spots.
The moment the blade cut his chest, the Spirit Zone suddenly wavered.
Shirone’s heart sank.
‘Dang it!’
At this rate, he would be beaten.
Contrary to expectations, however, Rian still continued with his big attacks.
Thanks to this, Shirone, who predicted the next trajectory, jumped away to avoid the danger of death.
‘How come…’
If Rian had slashed at his side, the duel would have ended then and there.
However, Rian continued to make big moves as if he didn’t realize Shirone was taken aback.
Only then did Shirone realize.
‘My understanding of swordsmanship is quite lower than I expected.’
Although Rian was skilled at using techniques, he didn’t seem to be putting much thought into his attacks.
‘Then…’
Shirone realized he had overestimated Rian’s skills.
It was dangerous to let your guard down, but to label the enemy as too strong was also a mistake as one would become too defensive.
‘I’ll attack.’
When Shirone suddenly changed his strategy and launched an offensive, Rian got staggered.
“Keuk!”
As such, dozens of combinations rained down on Rian, and due to the tension, his defense started to drop.
‘Damn it! This is not happening! This can’t be happening!’
‘Those are definitely basic swings… But why are they so hard to block?! I can’t even clearly see the attacks!’
Rai suddenly came to his mind.
The detestable face that overpowered him with one hand and sneered at him in a match two years ago.
“Don’t make me laugh!”
Rian shouted.
“I’m gonna become the best swordsman in the world!”
Shirone thought it was strange.
He acknowledged the spirit of Rian, who continued to fight back despite fighting a losing battle, but in this way, his only ending would be death.
‘Does he not want to live? Why are you being so stubborn? Does he even think?’
‘Huh?’
At one point, Shirone realized that he could no longer read Rian’s movements.
Predicting a swordsman who emptied their mind and swung blindly was quite difficult.
“I won’t lose! I’ll definitely surpass you!”
As Shirone’s stamina bottomed out, Rian realized he had a chance at victory.
Shirone had saved his stamina as efficiently as possible, but there was still a huge difference between the two. Shirone’s sword began to feel heavy.
“This is it!”
Rian, who came running with his longsword hanging down, swung it up towards Shirone’s chin.
“KEUK!”
Shirone responded by swinging his sword down with all his might.
With the sound of the clashing blades, a sword soared into the sky and embedded itself far away from the training ground.
Silence.
The two who breathed in harsh, rugged breaths stared at each other.
Rian lowered his gaze first.
He saw Shirone’s sword pointing at his stomach.
‘Just before our swords clashed…’
Come and read on our website wuxia worldsite. Thanks
Shirone swung his wrist and struck Rian’s sword from the bottom.
In addition to the force brought about by Shirone’s swing, Rian, who was also low on stamina from having to block the continuous strikes from Shirone, eventually lost his grip on the sword.
‘Is that even possible?’
It was not a technique Rian could attempt with confidence.
His sole purpose was to win, and due to his cool-headedness, Shirone won the duel. However, he did not relax.
“Haah… Haah.”
He wanted to immediately lay on the ground, but he couldn’t let Rian nullify his hard-earned victory.
And in the next moment.
“Dang it. I lost…”
Rian passively admitted his defeat.
“Ah, I lost. I lost again.”
His malice disappeared, and instead, Rian just scratched his head roughly.
He trained past his limits and fought as best as he could, so he didn’t have any regrets.
“You won. I have nothing else to say, so you may now kill me.”
How could someone be so immature?
“Are you kidding me?”
“What?”
“You think I’ll survive if I kill you? What a ridiculous thing to say.”
“What do you mean? We fought with our lives on the line, and there was a clear winner.”
“Young master, you’re the only one who laid your life on the line! I just fought FOR my life! What makes this ridiculous duel more absurd is that this only started because you hid from training, and then blamed me for snitching on you.”
Rian was taken aback.
After a fierce battle, even if there wasn’t a heartwarming atmosphere, shouldn’t there be at least some passionate emotions left?
“Hey, you jerk! Who put the blame on you? It was because of that petty, mannerless attitude of yours! Despite the fact we had met for the first time that day, you should have had at least a small pinch of loyalty!”
“HAH?! Loyalty?!”
“What did you just say, you punk?”
Shirone could not put up with it anymore.
He turned a blind eye to it considering his life was on the line, but since the problem was now solved, he couldn’t keep his temper in check.
“You call that loyalty? Did you ever consider the position I was in? I had to choose between the Lord’s son and a teacher assigned by the Lord! Yet you asked me for such a favor despite knowing that?!”
“Huh? Of c—”
“If you want loyalty from me, then you should show you’re worth it! You should be ashamed of yourself for putting that much pressure on a servant! You should have stepped in front of your swordsman instructor! Isn’t that a true act of loyalty?”
Rian pursed his lips in embarrassment.
Shirone figured Rian out as he did not argue or make excuses.
He was not someone to make up stuff. He just didn’t speak because he had nothing to say.
However, hating that attitude more, Shirone stopped nagging and sat down.
“Sigh! I almost died!”
Rian stared at Shirone carefully.
The boy who overcame the fear of death and pushed him back was long gone.
Who was he? It was obvious that he was a genius, but he wasn’t Rai.
Unlike his brother, who wielded a sword with one hand accompanied by a smile, this boy gave his all against him.
“Hey, what’s your name?”
Shirone raised his head. From his sitting position, Rian looked bigger.
“My name’s Shirone Arian.”
“I’m Rian Ogent.”
It was funny how two people from different social stratas introduced themselves, but that wasn’t what shocked Shirone.
‘Does he think I wouldn’t know the name of the family’s youngest son?’
Irrespective of that look on his face, Shirone’s head raised higher as Rian approached.
A hand the size of a cauldron lid was shoved into his face.
“Let’s be friends. What do you think?”
It has been a year since Shirone first started working under the Ogent family.
By the time Shirone turned 16, more than 7,000 books from the Great Library were taken out.
Temuran was blown away by Shirone’s amazing speed, but Shirone already predicted that much.
This was because it was natural that as the number of books to classify decreased, efficiency accelerated.
Constant velocity was only a theoretical concept, yet every event in this world was influenced by acceleration.
Therefore, even if the start was slow, as long as one didn’t give up and continued to work hard, one could achieve their goal much quicker than expected.
Of the 850 historical books that he targeted, only about 200 remained.
The average number of books he read per day was over three, and in a few months, the Core of Knowledge that Shirone dreamed of would be completed.
In addition, he experienced swordsmanship and understood the essence of fear.
Thanks to this, the durability of the Spirit Zone had also increased dramatically.
Therefore, the one year he spent here was fruitful and valuable… However, none of the benefits could compare to making a good friend.
“There are an extreme amount of books. Do you think my family has read all this?”
Rian, who became Shirone’s friend after the match, spent the freetime he had in the library.
Infact, unlike his size, he was affectionate and winsome.
He fit the role of youngest son of a noble family.
“Of course. The family leader and the young master often stop by the library.”
“Tsk, smart people are lucky since they have so much to read.”
Rian, who was sitting on the floor, started rummaging through books.
Shirone came down from the ladder and picked up the books. After doing so, he began to nag.
“Don’t throw them around so carelessly. If you damage anything, I’m the one who’s going to have to pay for it. Probably with my life.”
“I don’t like that either. Does it make sense that books are more important than human lives? Even if you burn the library to the ground, I’ll protect you, so don’t worry.”
“Just stop doing what you’re doing, then nothing bad will happen, so the solution is just to be careful.”
Playful words never came out of Shirone’s mouth.
But that was who Shirone was.
He was firm and strict, but he wasn’t cold.
Rian liked that about Shirone.
“It’s fun to be with you, but it’s stifling to be stuck in the library.”
“Why are you even here? What about your training?”
“Basic training only. I told him I wanted to study in the library.”
Shirone’s body shook.
“Then you should hurry up and study! What are you doing?!”
“I’m bored! I’m bored! I’m bored!”
Rian was lying on his back, flailing his limbs about as he acted like a baby.
Regardless, Shirone turned away and went to his desk.
He wasn’t particularly worried about Rian’s laziness.
If Shirone’s tendency was water, Rian’s was fire. A fire that grows out of control once it burns.
‘He just needs a trigger!’

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 10 - The first step towards the dream (2) 5.txt
===============================
Chapter 10
Shirone, with a history book in hand, returned to Rian.
“Get up, and bring a book to study.”
“Ugh, the training these days is too harsh.”
After shoving Rian from the study, Shirone sat down and opened a history book.
As the fieldwork finished faster than the paperwork recently, plenty of time was used leisurely.
Once he was able to focus on the book, the pages were flipped over in a flash.
He already knew most of the contents, and even the rest of the book was predictable to him.
This meant that the level of knowledge contained in his head exceeded the level of books.
Since he understood the 650 historical books, the remaining two hundred books would probably be easy to take in.
“Hey, Shirone. I found an interesting book.”
After finding a book to read, Rian was amazed at the speed Shirone was turning the pages.
Once upon a time, Rian had taken over 10 hours to turn a page.
He was definitely reading a book, but by the time he blinked, it was morning.
Rian sat quietly beside Shurone to avoid disturbing him and opened his own book.
Swordsman vs. Mage was the title of the book.
“Introduction. You may have asked this question at least once before, but if a swordsman and a mage were to face off, one-on-one, who would win?”
Shirone’s hand paused as Rian read aloud.
It was also an interesting topic for aspiring mages.
“I have traveled all over the world to find an answer. Even now, when I close my eyes, those thoughts flicker in my head. On the Artusna Mountain, 6,000 meters above sea level, there are carnivorous trees that eat wild birds…”
Rian closed the book.
“How terribly boring.”
“What? I was having fun!”
Rian jumped at the sudden shouting.
He pretended not to be interested, but he must have kept his ears perked up.
“What do you mean ‘fun’? There are no pictures, and there’s no mention of swordsmanship.”
“You didn’t even finish a single page! What are you even talking about?”
“A writer should be considerate of his readers. He should start with a fun beginning and a touching conclusion.”
“This is not a novel. Give me the book. So, who’s going to win?”
“What’s the point of knowing who wins or who loses? For what absurd reason would a mage and a swordsman need to face off? If it’s favorable to one side, they would want to fight and if it’s disadvantageous to the other, they would flee.”
Shirone opened the middle part of The Swordsman vs. The Mage and searched through the pages.
“There may be times when they have no choice but to fight. If that happens, who will win?”
“May I make a rough prediction?”
Abruptly, a sharp voice was heard over the bookshelf.
“Of course, the swordsman would win.”
A man with a cold impression appeared.
He wasn’t as bulky as Rian, but he was much taller, and his limbs were slim and long.
He was the second son of the Ogent Family, Rai Ogent.
Although they were brothers, his atmosphere and appearance was quite different from Rian’s. First, his hair was pitch black.
There were two undiluted characteristics that descended from the Ogent family. Bischoff, the head of the family, the eldest son, and the second son inherited black hair. The light blue hair was passed on to the eldest daughter and the youngest son, Rian.
In addition, Rian’s grandfather, a nationally recognized Grade 3 swordsman, also had blue hair.
The family had a strong bond, but it was interesting how they would sometimes be divided according to mere hair color.
Which heritage stands out depends on the generation, but this time, black hair was leading as Bischoff and Rai had black hair.
“Ah! Hello.”
Shirone quickly bowed his head.
No one knew that he was friends with Rian, so if Rai had heard the conversation a while ago, he would be in trouble.
“The swordsman wins? How can you say that with such conviction? Because you’re one?”
Rian knew that, so he tried to get on Rai’s nerves with a sarcastic tone.
“Conviction? Is it necessary to use such a dramatic word? It’s a fact that can be acknowledged just by knowing where mages and swordsmen lie on each continent.”
Rai didn’t seem to care about his brother’s relationship with the male servant, but Shirone could not relax.
He felt this every time Rai came to the library. He was a difficult man to read.
“Whatever the position, it’s a face-off. You’re not going to talk like that on the battlefield, are you? Imagine saying things like ‘It’s over, I have the high ground!’”
Rian laughed, satisfied.
But Rai didn’t even respond and looked at Shirone with indifferent eyes.
“What do you think, kid?”
“Well… assuming we’re talking about the highest level, magic is definitely powerful enough to inflict fatal wounds on a swordsman. But swordsmen have excellent physical abilities, so if they attack before magic is casted…”
“No, you’re wrong. A mage cannot beat a swordsman.”
Shirone choked up. Although he was only an aspiring mage, he was still undoubtedly working towards becoming a mage.
Rian was pissed that his friend was ignored.
“Who are you to say something like that, huh? You think you’re some kind of swordsman representative?”
The corner of Rai’s lips went up. It was the infamous smirk that Rian detested.
“Not just anyone can gain the dignity of a swordsman. However, money can buy just about everything you need to become a mage.”
There was a hidden criticism behind Rai’s words.
In fact, swordsmen had a way to defend against magic. It was an artifact called ‘Anti-Magic.’
A special mental wavelength contained within Anti-Magic can disturb a mage’s Spirit Zone.
In other words, the artifact reduces concentration.
Artifacts were usually processed in the form of crystal balls and could be installed on armor, shields, and even swords.
The price was also quite high, considering one key material was a dragon’s heart as it emitted the waves required.
However, wearing up to ten artifacts, with each having 10% efficiency, did not equal to 100% efficiency.
This was due to the nature of the waves.
If a new additional wave was to be added to the already existing wave of Anti-Magic, an overlap would occur.
Therefore, the more artifacts one had on, the lower the efficiency.
The best artifact by far to exist was the ‘Armor Set of the Five Gods’ created by the Archmage Yakra.
Artifacts were embedded in helmets, chest plates, gauntlets, boots, and shields. Each with a maximum of 20% efficiency.
The Armor Set of the Five Gods reached an overwhelming 65% efficiency worn all together, which was fatal to a mage.
The percentage was a result of bypassing the overlap of the waves as much as possible.
Come and read on our website wuxia worldsite. Thanks
Another problem was the ‘Essence of the Spirit.’
Four types of essence could be found in nature: fire, water, wind, and earth. And when Anti-Magic is put into the equation, magic activation, along with the elements listed above, could be completely blocked.
The total number of essences known to exist so far was 17. 2 for fire, 3 for water, 5 for wind, and 7 for earth. The value of just a single one exceeded the budget of a small kingdom.
Shirone tried imagining it.
What kind of wizard would be able to win against a master of Schema, equipped with each kind of essence in the Armor Set of the Five Gods?
Of course, it was still all theoretical.
The armor set was scattered all over the world, and the locations were all unclear. Adding to that, it was nearly impossible to obtain an Essence of the Spirit unless you were given explicit permission from a nation that had one.
There was also a problem with installing several Anti-Magic artifacts.
Even Yakra, an expert on wave equations, spent 10 years trying to coordinate the waves of the Armor Set of the Five Gods.
In short, if the waves of Anti-Magic were clumsily coordinated, the ingredients, along with the produced item, would become worthless.
Efficiency did not increase unless the interaction between the waves, the resonance frequency, and the mana relationship was fine-tuned.
It wouldn’t be a joke to say that half of an aristocrat’s wealth could be blown away trying to raise Anti-Magic efficiency by 1%.
But that’s where the dilemma begins.
Rather than investing a huge amount of money to raise the efficiency of Anti-Magic, it was much cheaper to carry around a mage who knew anti-magic spells.
That was what Rai’s words implied.
That a mage was just a subordinate of a swordsman, and that his knowledge could be bought with money.
In fact it was mages, not swordsmen, who developed Anti-Magic.
Even now, numerous mages were studying the effect of dragon mana on the Spirit Zone.
This was because if one ended up with good results, one could gain tremendous wealth and honor.
It was ironic. Mages were creating a weapon that could only do harm to them.
Rai pointed out that dishonorable situation.
Mages would do just about anything for money. This also meant that they could not win a swordsman in terms of pride and honor.
“What do you think? You seem to like history books. You know the position mages in this world. Magic can be sealed off with money, but money cannot stop a sword.
This was a biased, swordsman point of view, but Shirone understood what he was trying to say.
“That is what a mage is.”
“What?”
Rai raised an eyebrow.
Rai thought of the boy as someone who liked magic. So he should have lost his temper, however, contrary to what Rai thought would happen, Shirone admitted it was true… Sort of.
“A mage is a person who persistently digs into the balance of all things. So it’s not strange to study how to suppress magic. What they find important is not whether they win or lose, but whether they know it or not. Artifacts are a result of that never-ending search. For that reason, I think claiming that mages are at a disadvantage is wrong.
Unlike Rian, Rai had a personality that wished to beat his opponent using his brain.
Nevertheless, the reason why he kept his mouth shut was because he couldn’t refute.
Rian struggled to hold back his laughter.
‘Ehehehe! Serve you right! My friend has a way with words! I’m telling you, he has the sharpest tongue. If his tongue were a sword, it would be the sharpest sword in the world!’
Rai’s face gradually began to distort as he could not find a way to refute.
He couldn’t just make up ideas that were never there.
“Well, that is in an ideal world, but the reality is different. It doesn’t change the fact that a mage can’t win against a swordsman.”
Rai coldly turned around and left the library. Rian had a hard time suppressing his laughter.
‘Reality is different? That’s it? Ugh, he reeks of stupidity. Get away from here. Quickly, get lost!’
Then, when the door finally closed, he grabbed Shirone and bursted out laughing.
“PUHAHAHA! Shirone, that was awesome! I’ve never seen my older brother make that kind of face before!”
While being dragged around by Rian, Shirone’s eyes were staring at the place Rai left through.
‘Swordsman vs. Mage!’
Maybe the reality was different, as Rai had said, but Shirone believed he was right.
He believed that the mindset of a mage who explored the boundaries of knowledge without hesitation, despite the fact his weaknesses may show, would overcome a swordsman.
That cold will was the reason for the existence of intelligence in this world.
The Great Library was cold enough to make one feel chilly.
The bookshelf, which used to be filled with knowledge, was now empty. The luminous lamp that had once brightened up the inside was now also turned off.
Only a single ray of sunshine from the 4th floor window shone on Shirone.
Under the sunlight, Shirone turned the pages.
One page after another… Until finally… he finished the last page and closed the book.
Shirone stroked the cover gently.
It was easy work to flip a book.
However, to finally turn the last page after swimming through a sea of books? Now that wasn’t something anyone could do.
850 books of history.
Shirone read all the history books in the Great Library.
‘I’m done… This is my Core of Knowledge.’
It was warm.
He felt the light filling up his heart.
Although he was a hunter’s child, he could now confidently say he knew nearly everything about the whole world!
‘A year and six months!’
Although it was a slow start, after reading and reading, Shirone started to accelerate, and once he did that, he never slowed down again. He sped up so much that he finished his work six months ahead of schedule!
Now, he could go back home any time and there would be no reason for his family’s life to be in danger.
‘It’s like a dream!’
His mind was filled with the numerous experiences he went through the past year and a half.
____
Chapter end

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 11 - The first step towards the dream (3) 4.txt
===============================
Chapter 11
“Hey, Shirone! Didn’t you say you finished your work? Why are you still here?”
As he opened the door, Rian fanned his hands and coughed due to the dust.
Shirone just smiled.
“What’s the meaning behind that expression? Something good happen?”
“Rian, show me around your house.”
“Huh? What?”
Rian’s eyes swung wide open with shock.
He wanted to enter his family’s house. Knowing Shirone, Rian was sure he wasn’t kidding.
At that moment, Rian found a book lying next to Shirone.
“You… are done, aren’t you?”
“Yeah, there’s nothing left for me to read. At least not in this library.”
There was nothing more to read.
Even Rian, who stayed away from reading, seemed to understand how cool that sounded.
‘Really?’
The sunlight that shone through the window seemed to be just for this moment.
“Hahaha! Did you really? You’re a real piece of work, dude!”
Rian congratulated Shirone as if sharing in his friend’s accomplishment.
Though, he did it as the aggressive swordsman he was, and due to that, Shirone’s eyes went in circles.
“Ahh! I’m dizzy!”
Even after pushing him away, Rian watched Shirone turn in circles.
‘He’s an amazing guy!’
He felt like he finally understood Shirone.
Knowing who Shirone was and despite his background and status, Rian was only thankful.
‘Honestly, I would have been quite upset if he had treated me as a Lord’s son.’
Rian agreed without hesitation.
“Good! If you want to come to my house, you’re always welcome! My family isn’t at home either!”
It didn’t really matter to him, but it was much better for Shirone.
After arriving at the mansion, Shirone was overwhelmed by the size of the building.
‘It’s really big.’
He could guess why ancient people built buildings to honor the glory of God.
“Come on in.”
However, Rian, who lived in said house, pushed the door open using his shoulder as if he were too lazy to even open the door.
Shirone asked with an uneasy look.
“Rian, what if we get caught?”
“What are you so worried about? The library relocation work is done anyways, so you’re not tied down by the contract. Besides, my family won’t be back until the evening. Alright, alright, come on.”
As they went up to the second floor, Shirone’s eyes were greeted by the countless rooms littering the hallway.
As they approached the very end of the corridor, Shirone saw the family’s room.
Although there was no special decoration like a family crest, the interior was especially pink.
Instead of swords and shields, piano and unknown instruments were on display.
From the musical instruments littering the room, Shirone could tell It was the eldest daughter’s room.
The number of rooms were overflowing, so there would have been many options, but Rian decided on the last room.
Shirone felt like he had seen a side of the alienation Rian must feel despite being part of the family.
“Well, here it is. This is my room.”
As a passionate swordsman, wooden swords were piled up in the room and books related to swordsmanship were also visible on the bookshelf.
However, there were no professional books. Most of them were novels about myths.
‘I wanted to come here at least once!’
Thought Shirone, as he considered Rian a friend.
Rooms were said to represent a person’s character. And that saying was not incorrect.
‘He really has no interest in decorating at all!’
For Rian, who was always covered in dust, this place seemed meaningless except for when he wanted to sleep.
The two chatted away because they had nothing to do. But when that got boring as well, they played a card game.
The game ended in just 30 minutes.
It was a complete defeat for Rian.
Shirone asked while sweeping the chips.
“One more round?”
“I’m not doing it! Damn it. It’s a gamble based on luck anyways. I guess I’m just unlucky.”
Shirone spoke again while organizing the chips.
“You have a habit of moving cards outside when the ace comes in. And the time you take to bet is different depending on whether you have a pair. I’m guessing the reason why is because when you have a pair, you’re taking the time to think of a strategy, but when you don’t have a pair, you just give up. But if there’s a time difference, it stands out. Just knowing those two things gives me the higher probability of winning.”
Rian had a blank look on his face as if he had been cheated.
“How can you find such things?”
“Observation often achieves its purpose when you are not obsessively trying to observe forcefully. If you try to observe multiple things at once, you will never find what you’re looking for. Just appreciate and acknowledge them as a whole. Only then will something stand out.”
Rian placed his chin on his hand.
“Don’t be obsessed with what you’re trying to get? Maybe this will help me find my own Schema.”
“Maybe. I took that into consideration when trying to understand my Spirit Zone.”
“Hmm. To not be obsessed…”
Rian echoed Shirone’s words.
His brain was itchy. He felt like he was close to something, but the thoughts eluded him.
He felt sleepy and got tired, perhaps because he thought about something deeply for the first time in a long time.
“Whatever.”
Rian stretched out on his back.
“I have nothing to do, so let me sleep a little bit. I’m so tired because I ran 100 laps this morning.”
“Then get some sleep. I’ll be reading a book.”
“Yes, yes.”
Rian fell asleep as soon as he closed his eyes.
Smiling at the sight of his friend who laid down comfortably, Shirone pulled out a novel.
‘Bloody Fight With the Snake Queen!’
After only reading history books for about a year and a half, he didn’t notice the passing time as he read an adventure story.
On the other hand, it seemed like Rian enjoyed something quite different from Shirone’s. Key sentences were underlined.
–The snake queen’s weakness is her head.
“Hahaha.”
They didn’t do much of anything, but he was happy to just be at his friend’s house for the first time.
An hour passed just like that.
With Rian still not up, Shirone closed the book and organized the room.
‘He said his family was coming back in the evening.’
‘When the sun goes down, the inside of the manion will get noisy’
Shirone thought it best to leave now.
While walking down the hall, Shirone heard the sound of a piano leaking out from a room.
For him, who had grown up in the mountains, the music filled with the composer’s inspiration shook his heart more strongly than thunder.
‘That’s so cool!’
Shirone followed the sound as if drunk, and stopped in front of Rian’s sister’s room.
A woman with blue hair that flowed like the ocean waves was playing the piano.
It was truly a heavenly sound.
Although not the youngest, she was a woman of talent who became a court musician at the age of 19, so to say she was talented was an understatement.
Come and read on our website wuxia worldsite. Thanks
The harmony that gradually accumulated and the variations that blended within.
Shirone’s consciousness abided to Reina’s fingertips like a marionette caught in a melody.
And only after the performance did Shirone finally realize where he was.
Perhaps the emotional whirlwind went on for too long as Reina found Shirone. She smiled and waved at him.
“Hi, how was it? My piano sonata?”
How was it?
He learned information about music through books, but what he heard with his ears was beyond what he had imagined.
“Uhh, it was…”
He didn’t dare to speak his mind.
Reina patted the piano chair and spoke.
“You can come over here and take a look. I’ve never seen your face here before. Are you a new worker?”
“Yes. I’m in charge of sorting out the library. It’s been over a year since I joined.”
“Aah! You’re the one. I’ve heard about you before. You must be very smart. Classification work can’t be done by just anyone.”
Maybe it was because she majored in art, but Reina was not authoritative, instead, Shirone felt consideration in the way she spoke.
Entering the room awkwardly, Shirone hesitated for a moment and pointed to the sheet of music papers.
“This is called sheet music, right?”
“Yes, it’s titled ‘In the Dark’, which is the third movement of the piano sonata composed by Schreiman. Have you ever played the piano?”
“No, never.”
“Really? Then sit this way. I’ll teach you. It’s not a difficult song.”
Shirone was nervous because the inertia of working while risking his life under the Ogent name remained.
In particular, he was even more concerned because he heard from Rian that his sister was a wicked witch.
“It’s all right. Nobody is going to rebuke you because I allowed it.”
Shirone, feeling somewhat relieved, sat down in front of the piano with much curiosity.
“Now, from here, Do, Re, Mi…”
After hearing the most basic things, Shirone pressed the first chord, paying attention to her fingerings.
Baaam.
The sound that rippled through the heart.
Feeling the tension gradually dissipating, Shirone continued by connecting the sound with a second chord.
Reina’s eyebrows rose.
“Wow! You catch on quick! Despite this being your first time playing, your sight-reading is really good.”
To play new music for the first time is called sight-reading.
Like how athletic ability was more important than emotions, the faster the thinking speed, the better.
Reina’s compliment made him feel good, but he couldn’t move himself to smile while looking at her eyes.
Shirone, who was staring at the keys, raised his head when something came to mind.
“I’m sorry, but…”
“Yes?”
“Can you please play it again?”
Even in their brief encounter, Reina discovered the unique temperament Shirone had.
‘He is an active child!’
An average servant of the house would have spent their time currying favor with their masters, but Reina could tell Shirone wasn’t like that.
Reina readily agreed.
“Okay.”
To say that artists were obsessed with talent is false. These were just words made up by fake artists.
“Then I’ll play properly this time.”
What artists loved the most was passion.
Reina encored ‘In the Dark.’
Even to a non-professional Shirone, He could tell it was an extraordinary performance that was incomparable to the first.
‘Schema.’
Her nervous system… It was twice as sensitive as the average person. Shirone could tell she understood her body.
After her performance, Reina looked satisfied.
On the other hand, Shirone was lost in thought with a serious expression, even after the music was over.
“Could I try again?”
“Hmm? Oh, sure.”
“Please understand even if it’s difficult to listen to.”
“Haha, of course. It’s like that for everyone at first.”
Shirone raised his hands gently over the keys.
As soon as he thought his posture was acceptable, Shirone quickly started playing.
Reina, who was listening to this unspecific music, bore an awkward smile.
However, as Shirone was midway through, she realized something.
‘Who is this child? What in the world is he trying to do?’
All the notes were off. Completely wrong. But to her surprise…
All the notes were similar.
It may not be called music, but it seemed to convey Shirone’s feelings.
‘Whatever he’s playing, he’s not doing it as a performance…’
Reina was correct. Shirone wasn’t trying to perform, instead, he was in the process of going deeper in order to understand the concept of playing an instrument.
‘A little more!’
Shirone focused even harder.
Take in the whole music sheet, analyze it with your head, and command your ten fingers.
Even in the midst of many different notes, the feeling was getting clearer.
‘More, more. I need to get closer.’
As his concentration rose high, the Spirit Zone opened.
‘I’m almost there.’
Reina swallowed.
Pleasant chords mingled between the gritty dissonance.
Dun Dun Dun Dun!
At the moment when the score and the performance reached its climax, there was a thrill that shocked Reina’s body to the core.
Shirone began an authentic cadence.
‘It’s here!’
Raising both his hands, Shirone hit the perfect 5th and then pressed upon the 1st interval with the greatest degree of passion…
BAAMM!!
The harmony, which started 4 minutes ago, extinguished into seven notes, spreading an infinite, inexhaustible aftertaste.
____
Chapter end

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 12 - The first step towards the dream (4) 4.txt
===============================
Chapter 12
Shirone let out a heavy breath. Four minutes felt like eternity.
Reina looked amazed.
Since it was not quite a performance, she could not evaluate the pitch, but she had the insight to realize the essence.
Who was he?
‘Why did a child like this become a servant under my family?’
“Seriously?! Shut up, you old hag!”
The emotional atmosphere of the room shattered, and Shirone and Reina turned their heads at the same time.
“If you’re here, just wash your feet and go to sleep! Or even play a nice lullaby to listen to! Why the heck are you being so hysterical!”
Frizzy hair, and half-closed eyes.
Rian, still half asleep, came into the room while scratching his washboard abs.
Then after he locked eyes with Shirone, he tilted his head.
“Huh? What are you doing here?”
“Uh, no. I was…”
If it were to be revealed that Rian and Shirone were friends, it would create problems. But fortunately, Reina took the lead.
“So, do you guys know each other?”
“Shirone? Yeah, he’s my friend.”
“Rian! What are you saying?”
“Hahaha! It’s okay. Although she has a nasty temper, she doesn’t really care about things like this.”
Does she really?
He knew she was pretty open-minded, but there was a high barrier between the aristocrats and the commoners that should’ve been hard to ignore.
“So your name’s Shirone. Don’t worry about it. Any friend of Rian’s, is also my friend. Even though he’s a little pathetic, he still takes responsibility for what he says.”
Shirone wasn’t looking any less suspicious.
From the receiving end, that could have been perceived as rude, but Reina accepted it rather well.
Genuine trust is born from doubts and suspicions.
“But you are one of a kind. Really, how did you think to play like that?”
“What? Shirone was the one who did it? And here I was thinking it was your hysteria acting up again.”
Shirone frowned slightly.
He couldn’t understand how words such as ‘witch’ and ‘hysterical’ were used to call such a pretty and friendly sister.
“Rian, why did you lie to me? Your sister is a kind and nice person.”
“Shirone! Don’t be fooled! This woman is a witch! She might eat you one day!”
Rian’s expression looked really serious, so Shirone could not reply back.
Reina spoke.
“Hoho, I’m sorry. My little brother is extremely immature, but I’m relieved to see that he has a friend like you. Take good care of him for me.”
“Oh, no. I don’t…”
Reina’s eyes sparkled at the sight of Shirone, who lowered his head shyly.
Despite having an abundance of knowledge, Shirone was still an innocent child in regards to emotion. After all, he is still only sixteen years old.
“You’re quite the cutie.”
Rian, who gulped down a cup of water from a table, said while pouring himself another glass.
“If he’s so cute, why don’t you just take him and live together. I would love to have Shirone be part of my family. Muhahaha!”
Shirone was even more embarrassed at Rian’s joke, but what he was feeling didn’t seem so bad either.
Reina realized something from her brother’s words.
“Oho, it looks like you’re close enough to even give your sister away.”
Rian retorted, looking flabbergasted.
“What are you talking about? Of course. Shirone is like a brother to me, but I don’t mind giving a witch like you to just about anyone. Rather, Shirone is worth too much. You’re not worthy of Shirone.”
“Oh, really?”
As soon as she finished talking, Reina jumped high enough to the point where it could easily exceed a person’s height.
While still frozen in surprise, she landed in front of Rian and pulled her brother’s ear.
“OWW! It hurts! It hurts!”
“I went easy on you because you were cute, but it seems like you are trying to walk all over me now.”
“It hurts! I said it hurts!!”
Although she was now a musician, Reina was once a talented swordsman equivalent to Rai.
The strength of her pinch was so great that Rian turned his head with watery eyes.
“Shirone! Run away while you still can! If you get caught by this witch, you’re done for!”
He couldn’t tell if he was joking or not, but one thing was sure, He couldn’t leave Rian like that.
“I’m sorry. I don’t think you meant any harm.”
Reina, who was staring at Shirone and Rian with a grim stare, pulled his ear roughly one last time and let go.
“Ouch!”
“Just know that your friend was the one who saved your life. Tsk tsk tsk, do everyone a favor and learn a thing or two from your friend. Such an immature kid.”
“Tsk, it was only because you held me in a sensitive spot.”
Rian grumbled while rubbing his ear. Then he looked back at Reina again.
“Why the hell did you come home? Weren’t you on vacation?”
“You haven’t heard? The news regarding Rai?”
“When did I ever care?”
“Rai is taking a certified exam this time. That’s why I’m here to pick him up. I left with grandfather, but he said he was going to meet a friend halfway.”
“A certified exam?”
Rian looked shocked.
Of course, his brother was a genius, so he accepted the difference in skill… But how did it reach this extent?
A certified license was the dream of all nobles, regardless if you were a swordsman or mage.
The exam was held once a year, with only a few applicants being allowed to take the test. And out of those few, the ones who obtained official recognition were less than 30.
Of course, there was also the non-certified license.
It was issued by an institution designated by the royal palace, and in Creas, an example of a representative was the Alpheas Magic Academy.
After graduating from the magic academy, you automatically became a non-certified Grade 10 mage. You could then increase your grade by accomplishing various quests through associations or guilds.
“Hmph, he must be happy. Geniuses sure are different. He even shoves me around at home, too.”
Reina ruffled Rian’s hair.
He was a cute little brother, despite his lack of talent. She just hoped he would not be hurt by this.
“First, I have to go prepare dinner. It’s fresh seafood from the royal palace, so we’ll have to dress and clean those ourselves. It was nice meeting you, Shirone. Don’t forget to say hi the next time we meet.”
Shirone bowed his head, pushing away the sad feeling.
“Yes. Goodbye.”
Although the chance to see Reina again may never come again, one thing was clear…
He would never forget the moment he played the piano with her.
Come and read on our website wuxia worldsite. Thanks
Perhaps that is why Shirone, who was to leave the mansion tomorrow, was able to gather up a lot of courage.
“Rian. Does she… your sister, I mean.”
“Hm?”
“…Does she have a boyfriend?”
As soon as he asked that question, a huge amount of regret washed over him, but there was nothing he could do as the words had already left his mouth.
Rian blinked, then smiled widely, his teeth showing.
“Shirone. Do you—”
“N-NO! Forget what I just said! I was just—”
“HAHAHA! Big sis! Big sis!”
Rian ran out of the room in a flash, he grabbed the railing on the second floor, making Shirone pull him back by the waist.
“Big sister! Shirone asked if you have a boyf—”
“Gosh! Stop it!”
Shirone, who barely managed to cover his mouth, dragged Rian back into the room with all his strength.
“Huh? What am I hearing now? Boyfriend?”
The maids working in the kitchen looked up at the second floor, but Reina just laughed.
“They’re just messing with each other. Alright, all we have to do is steam it. I removed the poison, so please do the rest.”
“Of course, miss.”
When the cooking began in earnest, the maids were back to being absorbed in their work.
However, the attention of the man in charge of the mansion’s affairs did not leave the 2nd floor.
Head butler Louis.
He was a person who rose to the head of the butlers at a young age due to his calculation skills and thorough personality.
That was 5 years ago and he was still in his mid-thirties. He was wearing rimless glasses with a cold expression.
“Shirone, they called him?”
The maids may not be able to remember, but he, the head butler, remembered very clearly.
He was the contract boy brought in by Temuran for the relocation of the Great Library.
‘Why is he with the youngest young master…?’
For him, who decided to devote his life to the prosperity of the Ogent family, it was not a matter that could be simply overlooked.
His glaring eyes turned to a butler near him.
“Tell the deputy butler to come to my room. Now.”
Early morning of the next day.
Shouts rang out.
After hearing that Rai was taking a certified test, Rian increased the intensity of his training.
“HA! HA!”
‘I will definitely catch up.’
The news added fuel to a fire, and Kite became sure as he watched his student’s sword dance.
‘His skills have improved!’
Stamina, vitality, technique, everything.
With that level of skill, he would be able to easily defeat a bandit group near the city.
However, If he were to have a match against someone who learned official swordsmanship, he still had a long way to go.
The problem was Schema!
Rian’s impulsive, wild style was his biggest advantage, but it also acted as his biggest weakness.
‘His swordsmanship is too tactless and honest.’
There were times when he would have to look back with a cold mind, but he was only moving forward.
‘Everyone has their own way. The downside of not having a clear mind becomes nothing compared to that heating power of his. It’s obvious that we have no choice but to continue like this!’
“HA! HA!”
He was wielding a club that was twice as heavy as a longsword with only his physical strength.
Kite couldn’t imagine how much Rian would improve if he were to learn how to activate Schema.
“Stop! 10 minute break!”
Rian came back panting like crazy, but his eyes were on fire.
‘That also happened back then!’
‘…Yes, it happened around a year ago, although it went away quite quickly too.’
This time was different. Rian’s flame did not fade.
“Young master! Young master!”
A butler came running.
Arriving in front of Rian, who was taking a drink of water, the butler spoke before he could catch his breath.
“There’s a big problem. Miss Reina is asking you to come to the mansion immediately!”
“Big sister did? What’s going on? If it’s because of my big brother, I don’t care. He can do whatever he wants.”
“That’s not it, a contract boy named Shirone is on the verge of being executed.”
“What?!”
‘Shirone’s in danger?!’
He was even more taken aback because he was about to see his friend off in a few hours.
“Shirone? Why? What’s going on?”
“Well, the thing is…”
“Hurry up and tell me! What’s going on?!”
“Louis seems to have reported something to the Lord. I don’t know the exact details, but I heard it revolved around a sort of friendship between you two…”
“Damn it!”
Kite asked as he watched Rian hurriedly pick up the dry clothes he placed on a rock.
“What’s the matter? Who is Shirone?”
“He’s a friend. I didn’t go around announcing it because of his commoner status, but Louis must have found out about it and reported it to father.”
Kite remembered a boy he had met briefly in the library a long time ago.
Kite liked the shine in his eyes, but he wasn’t that interested as he was a servant of the family.
‘That’s what happened?’
Rian spoke who was now neatly dressed.
“Master, let’s finish our training for today. I have to see my father. I have to go to the mansion.”
“Unfortunately, you cannot.”
Rian looked at him weird.
“What are you talking about?! My friend is in danger!”
“Did you not say he was a commoner?”
“What does that have to do with anything?! Master, are you that kind of person?! You said it too! Anyone who can converse with a sword can become a friend!”
Kite clicked his tongue.
His student, who did not understand the ways of the world, had gotten someone into trouble.
“What are you going to do when you get there? Are you going to wail and cry like a baby?”
“Master!”
“Rian, anyone can be a friend. But this is a matter between the people directly involved. Bad rumors can affect the position of the Ogent family. They’ll do anything they can in order to ensure those rumors never see the light of day. Your foolishness will not be of any help in this situation.”
“So I should just stay still?! I reached out to Shirone first. I will not give up on him! I am no coward!”
“Hmm…”
Kite stared at his student’s eyes.
‘Such fine eyes. No lies, only passion. And above all, they are pure.’
____
Chapter end

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 13 - The first step towards the dream (5) 3.txt
===============================
Chapter 13
‘One does not become a great swordsman with their eyes!”
Nevertheless, Rian made him endlessly look forward to something and made him support the kid with all his heart.
“Here, take this.”
Kite handed his sword to Rian.
Rian didn’t know what his teacher wanted him to do with the sword in particular, but he understood his intentions.
Rian would have to risk his own life if he wanted to solve this situation.
“If you decide to go to the mansion with this sword, I’ll let you go. But don’t make a step if you’re not determined enough. It will only make things worse. This situation is already out of your control.”
“Master.”
While looking at Kite with fierce eyes, Rian smiled.
As he bowed his head down politely, he held out his hands and grabbed the sword from Kite in silence.
“Thank you. I will never forget this favor.”
“Remember, abandoning a friend is equivalent to abandoning another you. Don’t you dare half-ass this.”
“Yes!”
With a stern nod, Rian ran to the manion with a sword strapped on his waist.
There was nostalgia in Kite’s eyes.
‘My part is over!
Although the time to say goodbye was short, he was happy he was able to leave his mark.
‘May the future of my student be filled with good fortune.’
The atmosphere inside the mansion was cold.
All work stopped momentarily, and the male servants and maids kept their mouths shut.
Louis, the head butler, wiped his glasses behind the sofa where the immediate family members were sitting.
Next to him, Temuran, the deputy butler, was staring at Shirone, his stress plain for all to see.
He was kneeling under all the gazes of hostility and contempt.
He felt like he was standing in the middle of a Colosseum.
“Report, head butler.”
“Yes, my Lord. Shirone, a servant hired by Temuran, is accused of damaging the prestige of the Ogent family during his year-and-half-long stay here. The workers have witnessed the youngest young master and Shirone mingling, and I also heard Shirone talking to him carelessly. Attached are the testimonies of the workers in regards to the case. Temuran wrote for them.”
As Bischoff silently raised his hand back, Louis passed the document into his hand.
Flap! Flap! While the papers were turning, Reina sneakily went up to Shirone.
“Shirone, don’t worry too much. I’ll try and convince my dad. Nothing’s going to happen.”
Contrary to expectations, Shirone looked so calm that it gave Reina chills.
Not a speck of anxiety was seen in his eyes.
‘He was not pretending to be calm! He really is looking at the situation calmly!’
Shirone was not afraid.
This was because the future was just full of possible outcomes. Nothing had been decided yet.
After looking through the file, Bischoff spoke.
With a cold impression along with his pitch-black hair, he had the power to petrify with his words alone.
“Shirone Arian, is what is written in this file true?”
“Dad, Shirone and Rian…”
“Reina, I did not ask you. I’ll give you a chance to speak. Stay quiet for now.”
Reina knew this was not gonna be easy.
Bischoff, a logical man who followed fundamental principles, was not a person who could be persuaded through mere emotions.
Shirone opened his mouth.
“I would like to ask a question.”
All the servants who were watching were surprised at how composed Shirone was. However, it did not phase Bischoff one bit.
“Tell me.”
“If the youngest young master and I are actual friends, what would happen to him?”
Reina’s eyes turned affectionate at Shirone’s selflessness. He thought of his friend before himself, even in such a situation.
“Nothing will happen. Right now, we’re here to question you, a commoner. Whatever misdeed Rian has commited, as long as he’s part of this family, we will continue to protect and support him.”
Bischoff’s words had thorns, but Shirone was satisfied.
Shirone, who let a little loose, told the truth with a bright smile.
“Then I’m glad. Rian and I are friends. We’ve been friends for a year, and we’ll continue to be friends.”
No one dared to speak up or express themselves, but Shirone’s words actually caused a great stir.
In particular, the male servants who lived with him were the most shocked as his friendship with the youngest young master turned out to be true.
‘Stupid boy. He doesn’t understand how scary this world is.’
A son of a noble family and a son of a mountaineer have been friends for over a year.
What seemed like a baseless rumor that had been passed around ended up being true.
“You must take the name of the Ogent family quite lightly. Shirone, I will execute you as the Lord of this house. Since you came here signing such a contract from the beginning, you must have been ready for such a possibility.”
Reina stepped up.
“Dad! Listen to me for a second! You said you’d give me a chance to talk!”
“That was when there was room to make judgment. He has already confessed. It’d be pointless to drag this out. Head butler.”
“Yes, my Lord.”
“Continue the matter at hand. Also, this should never leak out.”
“Of course.”
Reina became nervous. Even in this situation, seeing as how Shirone continued to maintain his calm and composed exterior, Reina felt bitter.
Come and read on our website wuxia worldsite. Thanks
But how could they prevent this? Bischoff’s decisions as Lord of the house had never once been reversed.
“With whose permission?!”
Rian opened the door and barged in.
The temperature of the room increased with just his appearance alone.
“Who’s going to execute my friend without permission?”
Bischoff said flatly.
“Me.”
“Why the hell? He didn’t commit a sin that deserves death, we only became friends! Just friends!”
“One does not die just because he has committed a sin worthy of death. The intricacies of aristocracy are much more complicated than you think. And those complicated circumstances are handled and resolved by the family, hence you, as a son of a nobleman, were also raised and brought up with preferential treatment.”
“If that’s the case, I refuse such a privilege if it means I have to abandon my friend.”
“You are immature, Rian. Friendships are a mutual thing. What you can share with them is fixed and certain. That is a definite relationship. Does that kid think of you as a friend? How can I believe that? Let’s say he approached you for money, how could you know? How can you trust him?”
“Shirone is not like that.”
“That’s what I’m saying. How do you know that? Prove it. Bring some kind of evidence that proves Shirone is not that kind of person.”
Reina chewed on her lips.
‘He’s totally caught up!’
There was no evidence that could prove Shirone was a true friend because nobody could look into a person’s heart.
Feeling a chill from his father’s words, Rian slowly grabbed the handle of the sword strapped on his waist.
Something hot flooded into his heart.
‘I understand now, Master!’
Rian, who understood what Kite meant, burst into laughter.
“HAHAHAHA!”
This was not a staring contest between father and son, it was a battle of wills.
“As expected, I can’t beat my dad. I almost fell for it. Prove that we’re friends… My proof is that I believe in him. Even if Shirone does not think of me as one, he is my friend as long as I believe we are. That’s the best proof you can have in this situation! Trust!”
This time, Bischoff was at the losing end.
After all, what Rian said was also true.
“So you are going to disobey me, the Lord of this house? This is not a matter between just you and me. It is a matter that involves the house. Noble houses can fall and collapse, even now it still happens. I have to make sure we don’t crumble and fall. I am responsible for leading this house. Don’t underestimate the situation. Even a son of a noble can be ostracized.”
Bischoff burned his bridge.
To kick out his own son.
Not only the servants, but also the members of the Ogent family were shocked at the last remark.
But Rian didn’t budge.
Instead, he answered politely with unprecedented courtesy, as if building a wall between him and Bischoff.
“If that’s the only way to protect my friend, I’ll happily leave.”
BANG!
Bischoff slammed his foot onto the floor.
Unacceptable. A mere 16-year-old surviving an ostracism?
‘That foolishness of his… His rude, mannerless actions… He’s only unreasonable due to the fact that I am his father.’
“Then draw your sword. To be ostracized means to be abandoned by your family. If your friend is really worth the fight, then you must risk your life.”
Rian drew his sword without a word. The action angered Bischoff even more.
“Are you really planning on pointing your sword at me, your father?”
“It’s not pointed towards you, father. You don’t believe me, so I have no choice but to do this. I draw my sword because I believe in myself and my decisions.”
“Since when did you cherish your friends? You never once made connections with other aristocrats your age. You said it was because they were dazzling in your eyes. You’re only friends with this commoner because he doesn’t shine. Because he is lower than you.”
“For the first time, you are wrong, father. Shirone is a friend who shines brighter than me. I want to help Shirone shine even brighter.”
Bischoff was despondent.
What did this Shirone do to dazzle his naive son to such a degree?
“Is it you? Did you make Rian like that? How did you persuade him into believing that a commoner and a noble could be friends?”
Shirone spoke.
“Although I did not persuade him, since you think that is the case, maybe I did do something like persuasion.”
Rian stood between the two.
“Shirone, stay quiet. I’ll take care of it. No matter what happens to you—”
“Rian.”
Rian turned his head as Shirone spoke with a cold tone he had never heard him use before. Shirone was staring straight at him.
“You are responsible for what you are responsible for.”
Not only the family, but Rian, too, felt chills at the impassive words that were comparable to Bischoff’s.
“Huh? W-Well, yes. Of course.”
“But you don’t have to take responsibility for things that you shouldn’t be responsible for. This situation was created by the two of us. We’ll just have to get through it together.”
Shirone looked back at Rian and smiled.
“Even if I die on this spot, I don’t regret being your friend.”
Silence ensued.
Not only the servants, but also the members of the Ogent family couldn’t help but turn solemn in the moment.
And for Rian, it was like pouring fuel into an already burning flame.
“Yeah! That’s exactly what I’m saying! Even if I’m ostracized, we’ll still remain friends!”
The servants started to murmur amongst themselves.
They were cynical at first, but now they couldn’t figure out who to side with.
Reina, who was resting her chin using the back of her hand, smiled.
‘You are really amazing, Shirone!’
He silenced the adults with indisputable logic.
The reason why Shirone’s words could not be refuted was because they were all human beings. And all human beings had to deal with a thing called ’emotion’.
‘I’m sure everyone here has had a friend like Shirone. A person they wish they could be friends with forever.’
The stone-cold logic of the Ogent family was also something that a human created. And as much as one would like to separate emotions from the equation, such a thing was simply not possible for humans.
‘He’s smart. In a sense, he’s similar to dad.’
Nevertheless, the reason why he didn’t dislike Shirone was because sincerity preceded calculation.
‘Well, you never know. That’s the power of sincerity. It makes you want to believe. And Shirone definitely has that power.’
Perhaps that was Shirone’s greatest weapon, Reina thought.
____

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 14 - The first step towards the dream (6) 2.txt
===============================
Chapter 14
Suddenly, a loud voice from the second floor was heard.
“HAHAHA! Such a masterpiece! I didn’t expect to see this kind of a spectacle in my later years! Being young is indeed the best!”
The startled maids screamed, while the family members sighed as they looked behind.
There, an old man with blue hair stood, leaning against the balcony of the second floor.
Shirone stared absent-mindedly.
Even if Shirone were to consider this man as what Rian would eventually become, he couldn’t imagine Rian having muscles that looked like they were about to explode.
The old man was Rian’s grandfather, Klumph Ogent.
“Grandfather!”
Reina stood up with a look of happiness.
Considering Reina and Rian were definitely not enough to persuade the black-haired Lord, he came at the perfect time.
‘It’s all good now. If it’s grandfather…’
Turning a blind eye to his daughter’s expression, Bischoff asked.
“I see you’ve arrived, father. I heard from Reina that it should have taken a few more days.”
Chuckle!
“I came early because my friend ran away with a young maiden. Anyways, this place is as noisy as ever. As expected, youth is a fine thing.”
“It’s not exactly a good thing in this case. The face of our family has fallen to the ground.”
“Let’s not jump to conclusions here. I’ve been watching behind the scenes for a bit now, and it’s evident that everyone here has a lot they want to say. So, why don’t we decide after hearing each other’s opinions about whether we have lost face or not?”
Reina screamed inside, ‘Grandfather is the best!’
Although Klumph left the position as the Lord of the house to his son, his voice as a Grade 3 swordsman was still influential.
Reina gained courage and stood up.
“I’ll go first. Although I only met Shirone for the first time yesterday, I noticed he was a smart and talented child. Also, Shirone has completed all the contract requirements and was supposed to leave the house today. Given these circumstances, it’s quite difficult to say that Shirone approached Rian with particularly malevolent intentions. Furthermore, I do not believe his actions have tarnished the family’s reputation.”
With her attitude packed with conviction, she sat down proudly.
Though it was only now that the two opposing sides balanced, the tide still did not turn.
Compared to those with black hair, it could be said that the bonds shared between those with blue hair was stronger. So Klumph, who was a previous Lord, was fair.
Hence, Rai was given the floor to speak his opinion.
“What are your thoughts, my second grandson?”
Rai replied in a polite, frosty tone.
“I do not like that kid.”
The opinions of the servants were shaken once again by the remark of the family’s most promising prospect.
“But I don’t want to care anymore. This matter has nothing to do with me.”
Bischoff asked him.
“What do you mean? You say you dislike him, but you don’t want to be bothered anymore?”
“Exactly. I don’t like that kid. But with the only reason being that I dislike him, I don’t want to give false opinions. So I’m just speaking the truth. I don’t care because I don’t want to. I don’t care who Rian befirends, I simply want this matter to be done with so that we can head to the royal palace.”
Reina held her tongue.
Although he was her younger brother, he was egocentric to the core.
However, at least in this instance, his personality seemed to work in Rian’s favor.
Klumph giggled like a schoolgirl.
It amused him to see that his family members had their own unique personalities.
“Then to conclude, let’s hear the opinion of the deputy butler who must’ve observed the boy, Shirone, for the longest time.”
As Temuran took a step forward, Louis sent a sidelong glance towards him, warning him that he had to pick the correct side here.
What kind of words cannot be said between family members? But what was important to the servants was their masters’ thoughts and preferences.
“Shirone did the work I ordered him to do and he did it perfectly. ”
Louis’ forehead wrinkled.
‘You can’t even change up a few words or make up a lie. That’s why you can’t go higher and escape that position of yours as the deputy butler.’
“Did you know that they were friends?”
“I knew he was frequently hanging around with the youngest young master, but I did not know they were friends. But in my opinion, if he were such a child, I do not think he would have been able to sort those 10,000 books.”
Shirone’s eyes widened, as if surprised. He did not expect Temuran to speak of him that way. The head butler Louis stepped up.
“Are you taking sides now?”
There was anger in his voice, but Temuran shook his head calmly.
“No, I am also shocked that Shirone, a contract worker, managed to befriend the youngest young master. But as a deputy butler, I’m only telling the truth.”
This split the sides a bit.
Bischoff was the only one who insisted on punishing Shirone, and even he, who was the Lord, could not ignore the rest of the family’s opinion.
After all, he became the Lord for his family.
Rian let loose a breath as the tension left his body, and Shirone’s expression as well seemed a bit lighter.
“I cannot approve.”
Klumph made the final decision.
“Father.”
“Grandfather!”
Bischoff and Rian shouted at the same time, but the reason why they called out were polar opposites.
“I understand that they recognize each other as friends. But it ends now. If the relationship continues, rumors will eventually spread and this might become a weakness for the political opponents to snatch and use against us. It is not good for Rian’s future either. So just think that you guys built enough of those good memories together, and end the relationship here. I think that’s the right thing to do.”
On the one hand, Reina was disappointed with her grandfather. But on the other hand, she also understood why.
Family matters were important. In fact, they were more important than anything else.
The family members were still active on duty, and above all, Rai had his certified exam coming up.
It was their natural duty to get rid of any room for political strife.
‘He should be grateful that he even gets to keep his life!’
But Rian’s thinking was different.
Klumph responded with a bright smile to his youngest grandson, whose eyes burnt with hostility.
‘I see you’ve got pretty splendid energy, Rian’
Although he understood the feelings of his grandson, who was the apple of his eyes, a lot of lives were at stake.
No one objected to Klumph’s opinion. The decision seemed to have been made by the looks of it.
“Shirone, what do you think? I would like to thank you for teaching my naive grandson true friendship, but can you end it here? It’s hard for nobles and commoners to be friends.”
Come and read on our website wuxia worldsite. Thanks
Shirone, who thought about it for a moment, spoke.
“I can’t do that.”
His unexpected answer shook not only Bischoff, but also Reina and Rai.
But the one who was the most taken aback was Rian.
“Sh-Shirone.”
“If I am a hindrance to Rian’s future, I don’t mind not seeing him ever again. But that doesn’t make him any less of a friend to me. If you take that into account, I’ll follow your orders.”
Rian’s eyes were filled with tears.
‘I’m ashamed.’
In the corner of his mind, he thought it was enough that Shirone was fortunate to not die.
‘I was the one who lacked faith in my friend.’
Shirone knew that abandoning a friend was equivalent to abandoning oneself.
‘It’s non-negotiable. Right, Shirone?’
Rian raised his sword high and shouted.
“I declare…”
Reina’s face was filled with anxiety.
‘Don’t do it.’
Rian was different from Shirone, when Rian became worked up, trouble always occurred.
And her uneasiness was proven correct.
Turning to Shirone, Rian stabbed his sword onto the floor before anyone could say anything.
Rian knelt on one knee as his family stared blankly at the sword that pierced the marble floor.
“I, Rian Ogent, the third son of the Ogent family, will become Shirone’s sword as of this time.”
“What?! You fool!”
Bischoff threw his image out the window as the Lord and shouted. Even if Rian really meant it, it wasn’t something that should be said at his young age.
With an absurd look, Reina asked him.
“Did you just take a knight’s oath?”
A knight’s oath.
It was an oath that could not be overturned and was a decision one could only make if they were resolved enough… Resolved enough to become a sword for the one they swore to.
Even in the noble society full of all sorts of slander, the reason why this oath was always kept was because honor was everything to a knight. The more honor a knight had, the longer their noble house could stand proud.
Once in a lifetime. Rian had made that frightening promise to Shirone.
Bischoff was speechless.
The moment one took the knight’s oath, it was impossible to withdraw it. Even if you don’t go through the entirety of it, the minute one withdraws it, they become someone respected less than a rabid dog.
“Rian, what in the world are you doing?”
Shirone couldn’t hide his shock, but Rian thought this was enough.
“You thought I would choose not to see my friend forever? What do you think? Now, you’re in a double bind.”
When Rian turned his head, his family saw something they had never seen before.
‘Master, it looks like I made quite the splash this time around.’
However, to Klumph, it was refreshing nonetheless.
“Hmm…”
Klumph rubbed his large chin.
‘To be honest, I did not expect him to be this immature, but his actions do not annoy or anger me… He reminds me of myself.’
‘Well, if he’s planning on being immature all the way through, might as well go all the way.’
Hiding his true feelings, Kumph asked sternly.
“Rian, when you say you are going to be his sword, does that mean that boy has the qualifications?”
“I believe he’s overflowing with it.”
“Then answer me this: Is he overflowing due to his own brilliance, or does he shine bright to you because you feel inadequate?”
Rian thought.
‘Is Shirone the one shining brilliantly, or does he simply shine because I feel inferior? Why did Grandpa ask this question?’
He replied.
“A sword does not judge. They simply protect.”
He made a sound of admiration.
Klumph was satisfied.
‘Thank goodness his basics are strong!’
As Rian said, a sword does not think.
Its only job was to cut in the direction its owner wanted.
“You’re quite good with your words. But with that lame swordsmanship of yours, I feel sorry for your friend who got a sword like you.”
Rian shot daggers at him.
“Grandfather!”
Of course, all tension had dissipated at this point.
It was partly because they went on a path no one could reverse, but more than that, it was more so because they did not have the energy to care anymore.
Klumph felt that things came to a satisfying conclusion.
“All right, that’s it. Help that master of yours stand up. Oh, and Shirone, though he’s not the most polished sword yet, he will never strike against you. Take good care of my grandson.”
Shirone bowed his head. He felt that he had to at least show some respect, after all, his actions had damaged the pride of the Ogent family.
“Thank you for your approval.”
“It was all him. I did nothing. I heard that you’ve completed your work here? You’re planning on going back home, correct?”
“Yes, my parents should be waiting.”
“You must miss them. However, since the two of you promised to be friends for life, it must be sad to go back like this. Hey, Louis.”
“Yes, your Grace.”
“The carriage that Shirone was supposed to take to get back home? Take his parents here instead.”
“Right away.”
The head butler immediately left the mansion.
The situation with Shirone was no longer something he could deal with.
Louis realized again at that moment that a noble’s way of thinking was completely beyond his understanding.
____

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 15 - The first step towards the dream (7) 1.txt
===============================
Chapter 15
By the time Shirone and Rian returned to the room, it was nearing noon.
“Haha! Did you see their faces?! That felt sooooo good!”
“But are you really okay? That knight’s oath… I think you overdid it because of me.”
Rian’s expression became serious. Despite how immature he was, he understood the weight of the knight’s oath.
“Shirone, I did not take the oath because you are my friend. You’re different from my brother. You have the power to attract people.”
Shirone felt the sincerity.
But listening to such praise made him feel awkward, so to lift the mood a bit, he tried to joke around.
“Haha! I feel too much pressure. But if you want to protect me, you’ll have to improve by several folds.”
Rian flinched.
“Hey, don’t poke where it hurts. I already know that. By the way, you surprised me there. Saying what you wanted to say in front of my whole family. Weren’t you scared?”
“Hehe, there’s a secret to that.”
Shirone explained how he imagined jumping off a cliff, which he realized before his sword battle with Rian.
Thinking it would be of some help towards improving his swordsmanship, Rian was puzzled once he heard the story.
“Jumping off a cliff? Why would you do that? Are you perhaps… An idiot?”
“…An idiot?”
He couldn’t believe Rian called him an idiot.
“No, just listen carefully. I don’t mean you should actually jump off a cliff. Simply imagine it. You aren’t dead until you fall flat on the ground. It means that you need to focus on the present instead of needlessly imagining the future.”
“But if you jump off, you’re dead. It’s you who needs to think it over. If you jump, you’re as good as dead.”
“Argh, seriously! If you don’t even jump off the cliff, ultimately, you’ll end up not being able to do anything!”
“Aha, then I can do it. For example, I would jump without any hesitation to save you. Because that’s what a knight does.”
Shirone blinked.
It was completely different from what he wanted to convey, but he thought that was who Rian was.
‘You really are the polar opposite of me.’
At that moment, someone came in. Someone who he thought he would never meet again.
As Reina peeked her head inside the room, she let out a small sigh. Shirone’s face flushed at the sight of her.
“Hi. The atmosphere on the opponent’s side was too fierce, so I came to my ally’s base to evacuate.”
“Get out. We were having a man-to-man talk.”
Shirone waved his hands around hurriedly as Rian was sending Reina away.
“What’s wrong with you, Rian? Your sister helped out a lot. You’re welcome to come in, Reina.”
“Hey, you just don’t understand. That witch must be…”
Rian, who was spitting out slander, thought for a while and closed his mouth.
Shirone and Reina. Reina and Shirone. Those two names were coming and going in his head.
Reina came closer, walking briskly like a cat, and sat between the two.
“Anyways. Rian, you were pretty cool back there. I can’t believe you took out the knight’s oath card. I really can’t beat you.”
“How come you sound like you’re teasing me?”
“Heheh, did I get caught?”
“Are you serious?! Why the hell are you even here?! Did you just come here to annoy me?!”
“What do you take me for? I just accomplished my job as the spy of the team. There’s a pretty serious conversation going on over there on the opponent’s side.”
“What can be worse than what just happened?”
“Actually, dad was thinking of sending you, along with Rai, to the palace.”
It was Rian’s first time hearing this.
Besides, despite the fact he was a genius, nobody knew whether Rai would get the approval, so why would he tag along?
“What are you talking about? They want me to go on a field trip or something?”
“No, they want to enroll you into the Kaizen Swordsmanship Academy. You know, the largest one in the Kingdom of Thormia? The academy that produced 10 certified Grade 1 swordsmen in 200 years?”
“What? Why did you guys decide that without discussing it with me? I thought I could play around with Shirone as much as I liked, but now I have to go to an academy? What about my Master?”
“Your instructor already knows. That’s why he ended his contract yesterday and went back to his hometown this morning. I heard you guys even said your goodbyes. You didn’t know about this?”
Rian looked at Kite’s sword. It was thanks to this sword that he was able to carry out his will.
‘Master!’
He was someone who cared about Rian more than anybody else.
The reason why he ended the contract with no opposition was because he wanted his student to grow a bit more.
“But this is too sudden. What about Shirone?”
“That’s why the family is talking. They are thinking about sending you and Shirone to the academy together. You said yesterday that Shirone is better at wielding a sword than you.”
Shirone was startled.
Due to Rian’s personality, he wouldn’t have spoken about it first, and Reina seemed to be puzzled by this too.
‘Why me…’
While delusional ideas and thoughts flashed through Shirone’s head, Rian was thinking more realistically.
“Well, that’s true. But Shirone’s not going to the swordsmanship academy. There’s something else he wants to do. Actually, I was thinking about something… But since it has come to this, you should ask our grandfather for something.”
“Huh? What do you mean?”
Reina turned her head to face Shirone, but Shirone didn’t open his mouth. It was not something he could openly talk about.
In the first place, it was unrealistic to even try and enroll a commoner in a swordsmanship academy.
However, no one in the Ogent family was currently opposed to supporting Shirone.
Since Rian had made his knight’s oath, even if it was only for the honor of the Ogent family, Shirone had to succeed. He had to become someone special.
When Rian saw Shirone’s hesitation, Rian spoke up in his stead.
“Because Shirone is going to become a mage. He’s not interested in swordsmanship.”
Reina’s eyes widened.
“What? A mage? So you actually lost to an aspirant mage in a sword fight? Rian… That’s pathetic.”
“Shut up! I know! But Shirone is really a genius! I’m positive he’d be a lot better than Rai if he were a swordsman.”
“Oho, he’s that strong?”
Rian was not the type to disparage even his enemies, so to him, Shirone looked different. Special.
“N-No. How could I…”
Sensing Reina’s gaze, Shirone didn’t know where to look, so he ended up lowering his eyes.
“Alright. I’ll propose that to the other side. But you might still be enrolled in the swordsmanship academy, Rian. Dad is someone who uses his opponents’ weaknesses thoroughly.”
“Tsk! Whatever. I’ll think about it.”
Come and read on our website wuxia worldsite. Thanks
After all, for the sake of his master, he would not only take on the academy, but an army if need be.
‘Actually, this is important to me, too!’
He won’t be able to protect Shirone with his current sword skills.
Following a knock, a butler entered.
“Young master Shirone’s family has just arrived. They are supposed to be escorted to the mansion, but if the young master would like to greet them, I was ordered by the Lord to guide you to them.”
Rian slapped his knee.
“Oh! Shirone’s parents? What do you want to do, Shirone?”
The answer was obvious.
Shirone was bouncing up and down in excitement, his eyes were already stuck in the direction of the front gate of the mansion.
Chuckling, Reina told him.
“Bring them here, Shirone. My family will be waiting in the living room. Please, lead Shirone to his family.”
“Right away, miss.”
Shirone followed the butler out of the mansion.
“This way. The stairs are high, so please be careful.”
The butler’s attitude made him uncomfortable. Just a day ago, they didn’t even bother with him, but now? They were treating him like a noble.
“Excuse me, you can just act the usual way you do. It’s not like I became a nobleman or something.”
“No! Please don’t say that. My head may fall off.”
Shirone, who once risked his life for mere books, knew the stress servants experienced better than anyone else.
“Even if you make a mistake, I won’t tell anyone, so don’t be like that.”
The butler’s eyes showed a bit of relief, but he was still on his toes.
‘No matter.’
Shirone didn’t care anymore. No he couldn’t care less.
This was because a carriage arrived at the end of the Broad Way.
When he saw his parents’ faces, his vision got blurry. The tears he suppressed while living in such an uncomfortable environment poured out.
Not even hearing the butler’s shout, Shirone ran towards the front gate.
“Mom! Dad!”
Shirone took his parents to the reception room. Their eyes were swollen. They could not hold in their emotions.
It took them some time to get their emotions together.
The meeting was pushed back, perhaps due to Klumph’s consideration, and due to this, Shirone was able to release the emotions that he had bottled up inside.
“Let me take a look at you, son. Your face is all pinched and worn out. I can tell you’ve been through much, my son. You did a good job. Such a good job.”
Tears formed in Vincent’s eyes once again.
Shirone’s complexion had actually improved, but from his parents’ perspective, it looked like he didn’t eat or sleep enough during his stay here.
“It wasn’t bad, I was able to read a lot of books. I had a lot of fun. How have you been, father? Everything has been good, I hope?”
“Of course! We’ve both been doing well. Well, maybe a bit too well, perhaps? Look at your mom. She ended up becoming so pretty that you almost ended up having a younger brother.”
“Honey, what are you blabbering on about in front of our son?”
Shirone smiled ruefully.
His parents were much thinner compared to when he left.
How would they be able to eat properly when they were busy worrying about their child everyday?
When he considered those thoughts, he choked up again.
Suddenly, Vincent became curious.
At first, he was very nervous thinking something had happened to his son. But after seeing Shirone’s relaxed form, he felt like nothing bad had occurred.
“So, why were we brought here? If you finished your work, you should have been allowed to come home right away. Surely they aren’t stopping you from going back, right?”
“No, no. It’s nothing like that. It’s just that I managed to take advantage of a nice opportunity.”
“Hm? A nice opportunity?”
Shirone told them the story of what had happened this morning.
He was able to tell them the story without any trouble because he had already put together an outline of how he should tell the story in his head.
But from the listener’s standpoint, the story was so mind-blowing that it left them speechless.
As Vincent continued to listen, he became more and more astonished.
To be honest, he stopped listening to Shirone past a certain point.
He couldn’t comprehend what his son was talking about.
He became friends with the youngest young master of the Ogent family? And that same person promised a knight’s oath to him? Furthermore, the family accepted it and allowed them to carry on being friends?
The story continued to break apart his common sense, it felt like thunder was reverberating inside his head.
When the story came to an end, Vincent scratched his head in silence.
He knew he was a smart and bright kid. But even so, this story made no sense.
Maybe something went wrong inside his brain? Did he go delusional after being tormented here for a long time?
“Shirone, be honest with me. This dad can, and will, do anything for you. What in the world happened to you? Who the heck made you like this?”
“It’s all true, dad. Why would I lie about something this?”
“Okay! You are not a liar. So tell me, who bullied you?! Who treated you harshly?!”
Vincent was genuinely angry.
He’s heard of numerous cases where commoners were wrongly entangled with nobles and became forever handicapped.
Even Shirone thought the story was ridiculous, but he couldn’t think of a better way to explain it to them.
While he was stuck between a rock and a hard place, trying to think of a way to answer, the Ogent family entered the reception room.
____

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 16 - Alpheas Magic School (2) 2.txt
===============================
Bischoff greeted them as the representative of the Ogent family.
“Nice to meet you. I’m Bischoff Ogent, the family head.”
Klumph and Rai did not come, but instead, Rian and Reina accompanied him.
Rian bravely stepped forward.
“Hello, father! I am Rian, Shirone’s sword. In time, I will become the best swordsman in the world. Hahaha!”
“I’m Reina, Rian’s older sister. I’ve heard a lot about you.”
After staring blankly for a while, Vincent quickly realized the situation and lowered his head.
“Hello! I’m Shirone’s father. Why are such important people, such as yourselves, here…?”
“Oh my, did you not hear from Shirone?”
“Yes? What do you mean?”
The only thing that came to Vincent’s mind was his son’s nonsensical story.
“So you’re saying the story is true?”
“Oh, I see. We should have come sooner. Anyways, what Shirone said is true. My little brother, Rian, and Shirone are bonded together due to the knight’s oath. That’s why we called for you two.”
When Vincent became aware that the whole story was true, his heart skipped a beat.
His joy was brief as fear rushed in, quickly replacing it. How could his innocent son cause this much trouble? What was he thinking?
“First of all, let’s eat. We can talk about the details after.”
Bischoff turned around after their short conversation.
Bischoff was not particularly friendly, so Rian could only imagine how uncomfortable Shirone’s parents felt.
Even after the rest of the Ogent family left, Vincent could not leave his spot for a while. Only when Shirone slightly pulled him by his shirt did he come back to his senses. Once that happened, he headed for the living room.
‘Is this real? Our Shirone? Staying with the Ogent family?’
Everything confused him, and Olina, still terrified of the situation, grabbed onto her husband’s arm tightly. But little did Olina know that even Vincent was terrified. His legs were shaking as if they were leaves being ravaged by the wind. He couldn’t even walk properly.
‘NO!’
Vincent shook his head.
If Shirone’s words were true, he could not show any weakness. For his son, he had to stay strong.
Various delicacies were placed on the square dining table. Even Vincent, who was a hunter, saw foods he had never seen before. The ingredients were transported from the royal palace by Reina.
As for the seating arrangement, it went according to one’s rank. Lord of the house, Bischoff, sat at the head of the table, on his left sat Klumph, while Reina was at his right.
Seated at the very end of the table, Vincent was finally snapped out of his stupor when he saw the delicacies in front of him. Head butler, Louis, and deputy butler, Temuran, unconsciously puffed out their chest in pride.
But Vincent couldn’t openly show his enthusiasm. He had to save face for his son. He had to finish the meal quietly, but his eyes couldn’t help it. When he saw over seven different dishes around him, his eyes twinkled.
Most commoners were able to eat whole boars with just a fork. However, the dishes in front of Vincent were all of different sizes. There were even foods in shapes he had never seen before.
Although the Vincent family could not take their first bite, the butlers and maids made no move to help them. This was because acting rashly in this unprecedented situation will only harm them.
Of course, such a decision was also mixed with a little contempt for the Vincent family.
Bischoff placed down his tableware and spoke.
“Eat comfortably. You do not have to follow the formalities of the nobility.”
“Still…”
“Formality is just a discipline necessary to put respect into action. Seeing as how you are having a hard time, and considering my family and I can sense enough of your respect and consideration, please eat comfortably.”
Vincent slightly shuddered.
Whether it was true sincerity or the pride of a noble, from the family’s perspective, his words showed great kindness and favor.
Then the maids’ faces turned pale.
The Ogent family’s feelings toward Shirone were genuine. They were really thinking of accepting Shirone.
The bewildered maids hurriedly taught the Vincent family how to use the tableware.
In fact, it only looked complicated, but in reality, how could using utensils and eating be complicated? The Vincent family, who now had an inkling on how to use the utensils, finally ate comfortably.
After all that trouble, Vincent was worried about his son this time. What was this family going to do to Shirone?
He had heard an explanation of what the knight’s oath was, but that made no difference to what Vincent was thinking.
Shirone was still the son of a mountaineer, and aside from the fact he was brilliant, his future was not guaranteed.
Did they perhaps have something else up their sleeves?
He didn’t want to doubt the people who did his child a favor. But he did not want to risk anything in regards to his son.
“I’m grateful that you are thinking of him in a good light, but at the same time, I can’t say I’m not worried. Isn’t the Ogent family one of the most prestigious ones in Creas? And I still can’t believe that a young master of such a family made a knight’s oath to Shirone.”
“Haha! You don’t have to worry. Shirone and I…”
Bischoff cut Rian off.
“If I am to speak honestly, it is a little unpleasant.”
The room suddenly became quiet at Bischoff’s statement, But Bischoff continued to eat with the knife in his hand.
“But it’s a knight’s oath. A knight’s oath is a sacred thing, especially in a family like ours. It binds people together for life. If I were to keep holding on to these unpleasant feelings just because the only difference between us is status, that would tarnish Rian’s pride. So don’t be too uncomfortable by it as we will continue to use honorifics in the future.”
Shirone realized.
Come and read on our website wuxia worldsite. Thanks
Bischoff was a cold and cruel man. A man cold and cruel enough to demand the execution of a commoner… But only for the sake of his family. His loyalty towards his family was beyond imagination.
‘Fighting for their beliefs. That is nobility.’
Now that he couldn’t choose an easy path, all he had to do was fight against the world.
‘There will be innumerable difficulties and criticisms… But I’m not afraid.’
This, too, was the pride of the Ogent.
Klumph spoke while chuckling.
“It has been quite a bit since our family head has said something right. But won’t you die of loneliness if you send your last son away just like that? Why not just spend another year before doing that?”
Bischoff was not provoked.
“Rai has unlocked Schema as well as learned the swordsmanship of Ogent. Hence why he is more than likely to win official approval. On the other hand, Rian has yet to unlock his Schema. I have no choice but to enroll him in this Kaizen Swordsmanship Academy.
“It sounds like you’re subtly taking the black-haired approach. However, we blue-hairs have passion, and that passion never withers away. If you look down at our burning passion, you will be in for a rude awakening.”
While munching on a lamb, Rian sent a thumbs up to his grandfather.
Bischoff snorted. His father’s playfulness was nothing new.
“Hair color does not matter to me. As long as they have the same blood flowing in their veins, they are family. And that family is…”
Sitting up straight in their chairs, all the family members placed down their utensils and spoke in union.
“Ogent.”
After the meal, everyone returned to the living room and sat down.
They began to discuss Shirone’s situation.
Reina broke the news that Shirone was interested in learning magic, which everyone agreed was alright. Due to his physique and his tendencies, Shirone would eventually reach a ceiling in terms of swordsmanship.
Unlike the friendly atmosphere Klumph had during the meal, he told Vincent with a serious expression.
“As you know, our family intends to support Shirone. It sounds like he wants to become a mage, so we’re thinking of sending him to Alpheas Magic Academy. The academy is also one of the top five prestigious academies in the Kingdom of Tormia. The Headmaster, Headmaster Alpheas, is also an old friend of mine. It’s an institution appointed by the kingdom, so if one graduates from there, they will receive an unofficial license… Which means they can become a mage.”
“M-Mage…”
Vincent gulped.
Mages were symbols of intelligence, so needless to say, most were nobles. However, it was a very unique occupation as, due to the ability-based nature of it, status did not dictate how far one could reach. And once they earned their license, they were highly sought after everywhere.
In the world, there were country bumpkins who realized magic on their own. There were also commoners who learned magic by learning under a mage.
Those kinds of people typically became mercenaries. However, there was also the alternative of getting a job in an association and obtaining a mage’s license that way.
Though, of course, those cases were extremely rare. And so for commoners, becoming a mage was merely a fantasy.
But it wasn’t merely a fantasy for Shirone… And as such, the offer wasn’t something Vincent could refuse.
As Olina was moved to tears, Shirone embraced his mother.
It was a warm sight, but unexpectedly, Klumph’s face was gloomy.
Clearly, the fastest way to become a mage was to enter a magic academy… But the problem was status.
Unlike other routes, a magic academy strictly allowed only nobility to enter for the most part. And despite the fact there was special admission for exceptional talents, to cut past that standard was like finding a needle in a haystack.
Trying to achieve this was not easy, even for the Ogent family who was the 2nd-class noble in the kingdom.
In fact, the magic academy also regularly got enrollment requests from the 1st-class family.
“As you may already know, Shirone’s current status does not qualify him for the magic academy. Even if we do aid him in terms of school materials, fees, and other such expenses, there will still be problems with getting him accepted.”
Vincent snapped out of his dream.
“Ah, of course… I know. Yes… That’s right.”
Disappointment and shame tinged Vincent’s voice.
‘My son was acknowledged by a noble family… But he can’t enter the academy because of my status…’
“There is one way. No, it’s actually the only way.”
Vincent’s head snapped up. Shirone, too, paid close attention as it was his first time hearing this.
“I would like to adopt Shirone into our family.”
Silence ruled the living room.
Klumph’s proposal sounded wrong… But in actuality, it was not a bad proposal.
To be the child of a mountaineer… Or a child of the Ogent… It was a no-brainer which one was better.
Nevertheless, the reason why Vincent felt reluctant to speak was none other than the problem with bloodline.
Vincent studied Shirone.
His son’s expression, while a little obnoxious, was still calm.
He couldn’t figure out whether his son’s expression was like that because he thought his father would obviously accept the proposal, or because he thought the proposal was too preposterous.
Bischoff continued after Klumph.
“We discussed this between ourselves, and we concluded that this was the best option. I have a cousin who does not have any children yet. If he registers as part of my cousin’s family, Shirone will become a noble and will be able to enter the academy. It’s merely a matter of paperwork, so nothing much will change.”
‘Merely a matter of paperwork… Is it really that simple? Everything in the world is a matter of paperwork.’
To be honest, Vincent was not confident.
‘Am I confident enough to say that I won’t be sad if I see Shirone registered as a son of another family?’
‘Shirone, say something. What choice does this dad have to make? What do you really want?’
Vincent looked back miserably at his son.
Then Shirone’s brows furrowed. Vincent had a hunch that it was because he was frustrated that his father had no answer.
As this was a sensitive issue, everyone was careful with their words. It was Reina who broke the ice as she came forward and asked Shirone.
“Shirone, what do you think? It’s just paperwork. You will get to achieve your dream and become a nobleman on top of that. Of course, your parents will still be your parents. Nothing will change.”
His frown deepened. And as if he could not understand all this, he said…
Chapter end

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 17 - Alpheas Magic School (3) 5.txt
===============================
“This is utter nonsense. Clearly, I am my father’s son. There will be no instances where I will be adopted as a son of another.”
“Sh-Shirone.”
Vincent was touched.
He said it with no hesitation, and even his tone was layered with disgust as if just thinking about it was unpleasant.
While the rest of his family members were dumbfounded, Klumph asked coldly.
“Are you completely sure you are okay with that? You have the chance to become a noble. This isn’t an opportunity anyone can just get.”
“If I’m required to become the son of another, I would rather live as a commoner.”
“Commoners cannot enter the magic academy.”
“Then I will not enter.”
“If you don’t get into the magic academy, you can’t become a mage.”
“Then I won’t become a mage.”
“Shirone!”
Klumph stood abruptly from his seat.
Shirone’s upright attitude was frustrating.
‘Other times, he is such a smart boy, so why now, of all times, is he so hung up on such a simple problem?’
“Is it guilt? Living in this world is no picnic. There are things you have to sacrifice for success. Is that dream of yours that insignificant to you?
Simply looking up the large build of Klumph must have felt overwhelming, but Shirone replied calmly.
“Maybe that’s why.”
“What?”
“No matter how small or big my dream may be, that is something I inherited from my parents. They were the roots that nurtured me and allowed me to dream. I mean, look at me, the child of a mountaineer working in a mansion. And even before all that, reading… It’s because of them I can read. If I must make a comparison, this one opportunity I have right now does not even come close to standing alongside the countless other ones my parents have handed me. Telling me to deny my roots and to be nurtured by another is no different from telling me to wither and die.”
Silence enveloped the living room.
They weren’t simply impressed by Shirone’s words… He made them reflect.
Klumph was very shocked.
‘It’s not guilt. He understands the way we humans grow.’
Even if one were to miss an opportunity right in front of their eyes, new ones would eventually turn up.
However, the moment one abandons the people who helped them get to where they are, they lose everything.
Suddenly he had this idea.
Maybe he was thinking incorrectly from the start? Even without someone’s help, wouldn’t this child eventually become a mage?
‘Rian, maybe it was you who was the lucky one.’
‘If even the honor of the Ogent family is just a passing opportunity for this child…’
‘Then no one can restrain this child!’
After a long time, since no one bothered to open their mouth, only then did Shirone smile.
“I am grateful for the proposal. But I can’t accept it. The only ones who I can call my parents are the two people here right now.”
Vincent clenched his fists hard.
He was embarrassed. He wanted to crawl under his chair and never come back up.
‘Why feel hurt by meaningless documents? My son believes in me, a parent who has done nothing for him.’
“Shirone…”
“Father.”
Vincent’s head hung down.
“Please, take Shirone as an adopted son!”
No one thought of him as a lacking parent because they, too, had a family of their own.
However, this was not a simple matter that could be solved by being persistent.
“I understand how you feel, but it can’t be helped. How can I turn blind eye to Shirone’s heart?”
“To be honest, Shirone… Shirone is not actually my child.”
“Honey!”
Eyes widened after Vincent’s remark, but out of everyone, Shirone was the most shocked.
It wasn’t because it was kept a secret, in fact, everyone in the room had thought about it at least once.
Shirone looked completely different from his parents. Both in appearance and physique.
However, despite not being blood-related, for the sake of his son, Vincent was ready to give up everything.
“We cannot have children. Shirone is a child that was given to us by coincidence. I’m sure he’s a child of nobility, as you would have assumed living with him. I am not worthy of him. On the contrary, if he becomes an adopted son of a noble, it’s like returning him back to his original position. He won’t be denying his roots.”
Seeing the reasoning behind his words, the gathered people thought over it.
But breaking their thoughts, Shirone shouted with a very hurt look.
“Dad!”
“Sh-Shirone.”
“What are you doing?! How could you say that without discussing it?! You’ve never said anything about that before!”
“I’m sorry, Shirone. But since you’re now grown up, to some extent—”
“Do you know why I didn’t ask? Because everyone only gets one father and one mother. How many parents are you going to make for me? It’s to the point where I’m about to have six parents because of you, father.”
Vincent was stunned.
Two of the adoptive parents, two of themselves, and two of those who abandoned Shirone. A total of six. If he was to think that way, what he was about to do to his child was ridiculous.
“I’m just sad that you are giving up your dream because of me…”
“Who said I’m giving up on my dream? If I continue to work hard, another opportunity will surely arise! Do you know how it feels to be abandoned twice?!”
As soon as he saw his son’s eyes fill with tears, Vincent realized his mistake.
“Shirone, I’m sorry! What in the world did I do? I won’t ever leave you under the care of someone else. I will do everything to make your dream come true!”
“Dad!”
As Vincent pulled him in for a firm hug, Shirone wiped away his tears and jumped into his father’s arms.
How upset he must have been, a thoughtful child who didn’t even express his own emotions, in fear he would hurt someone.
While the Ogent family watched with pleased faces, it was Bischoff who was particularly swayed by the scene.
He was a father who had to raise four sons and a daughter alone as his wife ‘left’ without him.
Bischoff quietly told Klumph.
“I have no choice but to ask you to use a bit of your strength.”
“You’re asking for all sorts of things from this old man. How would I use my strength? Even the scholars, who are quick-witted, are all tongue-tied under Alpheas’ obstinacy.”
Even though Klumph was whining about it, his expression wasn’t particularly dark.
“Then I’ll have to give an order as the family head. How about going through with a special admission? I’ve heard there is an old debt…”
“Hmph! Alpheas? That guy? You think he only owes me one? The problem is, he’s not one to break the rules.”
“So it’s not possible?”
“Well, who knows? Aren’t reckless tactics best used against principled men?”
Bischoff smiled silently.
This was because he remembered the circumstances in which he was forced to take over the family due to such reckless tactics.
Come and read on our website wuxia worldsite. Thanks
Shirone stayed in the Ogent family until the day Rian left for the Swordsmanship Academy.
Shirone, as well, did not know if his special admission would pass. But even if he were to pass, he would enter the school early next year, so he still had six months to spend with his parents.
A few days later, an antique-like carriage was stationed near the main gate, waiting to depart.
It was a carriage that would take the family to the royal castle.
Rai was already on board, and Klumph decided to meet with Alpheas first and join them later.
Rian, who did not want to say goodbye, could not hold back his tears.
Whether it was a magic academy or a swordsmanship academy, the period of graduating from one was not specifically set.
If one failed the graduation exam, getting stuck in an academy for years was not an impossibility. So if they were to split now, there was no set date as to when they could meet again.
Rian grabbed Shirone’s shoulder.
“Shirone, you must become a mage! I’ll write you letters!”
“Okay, it’s not like we’re never seeing each other again, and we can also come back from time to time. Stop crying.”
“I’m certain you can graduate! I guarantee it!”
Reina socked him in the head.
“For crying out loud! Worry about yourself! You’re the one we are all worried about the most!”
“Hey! I’m going to work hard, too, you know! I’ll become the best knight and become Shirone’s sword.”
Shirone believed his words and had no doubts. He was sure Rian would do well.
Although he was no genius like Rai, he possessed things that Rai did not.
Reina turned to Shirone and smiled.
“Shirone, you don’t have to worry, have fun with your family for the time being. I’m sure my grandfather will get you enrolled in the academy. He’s someone who keeps his word.”
“Yes. And… Thank you for your help.”
Shirone spoke with sincerity
Even if he was friends with Rian, things wouldn’t have worked out this well without Reina’s support.
Reina stared at Shirone.
‘He really is a unique child!’
At first, she only thought of him as a boy four years younger than her, but she changed her mind after the incident.
He may not have grown up physically yet, but his mind was already something to marvel at.
And above all, the fact that Shirone was interested in her was very important.
“Shirone, do you…”
Just as Reina was about to say something, she stopped and started laughing as she realized just how absurd the idea was.
‘Just 16-years-old… His future’s so bright.’
‘If Shirone gets into the magic academy, he will meet so many talented people. And his eyes… his eyes will surely change…’
“No, it’s nothing. Let’s work hard, both of us. I also think you can become a mage.”
“Yes, please take good care of Rian.”
“Haha, don’t worry. Since he’s made his oath, he will do his best. I don’t need to nag him.”
Reina looked back at Shirone one more time. She waved, and got into the carriage.
As soon as the four horses stomped out, Rian opened the window and stuck his head out.
“Shirone! You are the best! When you get into the magic academy, crush them all!”
Shirone waved his hand big.
“You too! Be sure to graduate!”
Thus, his life as a worker for the Ogent’s ended.
“Hooo.”
When he finally grasped that it was over, his heart felt a little heavy.
The Broad Way of the Ogent family, which intimidated him when he first arrived, now felt like something that wished him good luck.
“Young master, let’s go. I’ll escort you home.”
Seeing the carriage waiting, Shirone finally realized…
He was really going home.
Shirone bowed his head towards the Ogent family’s mansion.
“Thank you.”
Alpheas Magic Academy, Noon.
Despite the fact it was class time, there were two old men who sat opposite each other, both drinking tea in the headmaster’s office.
A large, blue-haired man and another who wore a gentle smile while looking out the window.
Alpheas Myrhe and Klumph Ogent. Both have been friends for over 50 years
The conversation between the two had stopped over half an hour ago.
To be more specific, it was Klumph who was waiting for Alpheas’ answer.
He didn’t care how long it took.
It was Alpheas’ turn to answer, so Klumph was just waiting.
“Even if it’s from you, I can’t do you any favors of that kind.”
Considering how long it took for such a short answer, most would’ve been frustrated by it, but Klumph just grinned.
He dragged on, as if making a difficult decision, but in truth, he must have done that for show…
Because the Alpheas he knew was mischievous like that.
“’Even if it’s from you’? Do you know how much I suffered because of you when we were young?”
“KAHAHA! For such ‘flattery’ to leave your mouth, you must be in quite a hurry. But you have to know, the special admission was not made just to become a free pass for nobles. Countless requests are made every year, but most do not meet the heavy criteria.”
“Keukeuh, how funny. A free pass for nobles… But this is different.”
Alpheas became slightly uneasy.
The tactless and stubborn Klumph’s eyes were full of mischief, warning Alpheas that whatever he was thinking of was not ordinary.
“…What is it?”
“I’m not asking you to accept some scoundrel. It’s actually the opposite. He is a friend of my youngest grandson, and he’s very talented. I see the young you in him.’
Recalling his past, Alpheas’ eyes dimmed, as he realized that time truly did pass quickly.
“Hmm, your youngest grandson… You mean that immature and reckless Rian? He’s very much like you.”
“Kekeke! I threw him into a swordsmanship academy because he’s not talented enough. Anyways, I’m not here to talk about Rian. I’m here to talk about Rian’s friend.”
“If he’s that talented, why not just enroll him in the academy normally…? But since you’re here, I imagine there’s a reason why you can’t just do that. ”
“Indeed, there is a problem. A big one. He’s not a noble.”
Alpheas’ eyebrows narrowed slightly. A short, but intense memory from four years ago flashed through his mind.
“No way… Is he perhaps a blonde, blue-eyed boy?”
Chapter end

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 18 - Alpheas Magic School(4).txt
===============================
Infinite Mage
Chapter 18
This time, it was Klumph’s turn to be surprised. He always thought this, but Alpheas was a friend who knew how to play with people.
“Huh? I did hear that when the path of magic opens up, you gain the ability of foresight. I guess it’s true.”
“It’s not like that. I just had a short interaction with him before… He left a pretty strong impression.”
As rare as it was to encounter such a man of talent around the world, it was even more uncommon to discover someone as talented as Shirone in the magic academy.
Moreover, he could guarantee that Shirone was the only commoner who was in the city of Creas.
“So that is what happened…”
Alpheas briefly described his encounter with Shirone who, at the time, was 12 years old.
After Alpheas finished his story, Klumph began talking about how Shirone joined the Ogent family.
“Hmm… Shirone Arian.”
Alpheas went silent again. But this time, he was actually deep in thought.
Klumph spoke.
“Why don’t you just take him in? Who knows, maybe it is fate. Don’t you think so?”
“Fate is a foolish word and concept. Humans shape their own futures. If you deem whatever happens to you as fate, then at that point, ‘fate’ controls your life. You give up trying because whatever happens is ‘fated’ to be.
It didn’t work this time either.
Klumph pursed his lips.
On one side, his heart pained. It was because he understood his friend’s dilemma.
“You… still haven’t forgiven yourself?”
Alpheas went quiet.
“Despite the sharp stares of the nobles, you probably opened the special admission because of your regret over your youth. But you’ve done enough. You have already raised countless prodigies, so stop dishonoring yourself. Forgive yourself and let go.”
“Huhuhu, there exists arrogance when forgiving oneself. I was someone who trashed the precious talent gifted by god. It’s not something that can be forgiven. I’m just hoping that a person like me will never appear again.”
Klumph let out a deep sigh.
Alpheas was a certified Grade 4 mage and was the headmaster of a prestigious academy, but he was not someone who should’ve stopped there. He was a genius.
‘If only that incident never happened…’
“Keukeuh. Well, in the past, even I found you ridiculously full of yourself. The Myrhe family’s light. For a genius who might only appear once every blue moon to be acting as an old headmaster of an academy… How funny.”
With age, one learns to embrace and accept pain, so Alpheas gave no heed to Klumph despite his harsh words.
“Chuckle! On the other hand, you received the help of god. Who would’ve thought that a once talentless idiot would become a 3rd-class swordsman? I’m quite worried for the future of this kingdom.”
The two broke out cackling.
Talent and effort… It was fair to say that Klumph won in terms of those elements. Alpheas admired him and was simply proud to have Klumph as a friend.
“I’ve thought about this more and more as I’ve gotten older, but I believe ‘genius’ is just a man-made delusion. ‘Geniuses’ are only people who just enjoy something a bit more than most people do… Can that boy comfort me?”
“That’s something only you would know the answer to, my friend. ”
Alpheas walked to the window with a smile.
‘So in the end, does it all come back?’
The talent blocked by a barrier called status had once again appeared in front of Alpheas after four years.
He believed there was no such thing as fate. The future was something that could change and was not pre-determined.
But Alpheas felt a sudden thrill course through his body.
Perhaps… Fate was real?
“…I will accept Shirone into the academy.”
Spring arrived.
With flowers in full bloom around Vincent’s cabin, Shirone patiently awaited for the entrance ceremony.
Shirone’s admission to the magic academy was a family celebration, so Vincent did not tell anyone about it.
The reason was because he did not want to trouble Shirone in case rumors of it started cropping up.
And Shirone was grateful for it.
The reason why they rejected the Ogent family’s offer to get a house in the city was because Shirone’s parents did not want to bother their son.
The happy times flew by. It was finally time for Shirone to go.
As the deputy butler, Temuran, stood next to the carriage. Shirone said his affectionate farewells to his parents.
“Father, I’ll get going. I’ll write to you often.”
“Yes, my son! Do your best! Here, give me a kiss!”
“Euk!”
Shirone scrunched up his face. No matter how young he may look, he was now 17-years-old, so to ask for a kiss from him was a difficult request.
“Kissing now is a bit…”
Vincent interjected.
“If you’re not going to do it, I’ll do it.”
“Eeuuk.”
As a pair of meaty lips approached, Shirone’s neck withdrew like a turtle as he raised his head.
Vincent kissed Shirone’s forehead and pulled him in for a hug.
“I’m proud of you, Shirone.”
“Father.”
Shirone reciprocated his father’s firm hug.
With the strong support of his parents, his fear of the aristocratic academy went away a little.
“I will return.”
Leaving his house with his usual greeting, Temuran approached and bowed his head.
“Please, climb on. I will take you to the academy.”
“Yes, thank you.”
Both men were silent during the ride.
Since their positions had completely changed in the span of just two years, both were quite uncomfortable. But Shirone did not forget the fact that Temuran had sided with him, despite Louis’ opposition.
Upon arriving at the main gate of the magic academy, Temuran turned more courteous as he dropped Shirone off. Since it was a place where nobles attended, he had to make sure he acted properly.
“Along with the admission fee, the payment for the school materials has already been settled. Don’t worry about the financial part, young master! Just study hard!”
Shirone politely said.
“Deputy butler, thank you.”
“I am just doing what I have to do.”
“I don’t think I’ve properly thanked you. Thanks to your support, I get to go to this academy. I will never forget this favor.”
“No matter how high a commoner might fly, they are still commoners. They can never go beyond the nobles.”
Shirone raised his head. Temuran had a stern look on his face.
“But this opportunity is not something that just appears. When you enter the academy, many nobles will not like you. Even so, please bear it. Endure it, for it will eventually come to an end.”
It was advice from an orphan who became a deputy butler. It was very Temuran-like.
“Thank you. I’ll definitely become a mage.”
Temuran smiled. This was the first time Shirone had ever seen Temuran smile.
“Follow me if you are ready. Young master was registered as a guest of the Ogent family and accepted through special admission. Let me introduce for you.
Guards stood in front of the academy’s main gate.
He did not know if they were the same ones who drove Shirone out, but even if a person were to change, the philosophy and belief in their place would still remain constant.
“What is the matter?”
“He is Shirone, he was recently admitted to the magic academy. Here is the proof of admission and the identification notarized by the Ogent family.”
The guards who saw the proof of admission did not dare to check the identification. This was because ordinary people were not allowed to cross the gates.
Come and read on our website wuxia worldsite. Thanks
“It’s an honor to serve you. I’m Marco, the guard of the main gate. I look forward to working with you.”
Considering how he was treated just 5 years ago, Shirone felt strange due to the treatment, but he was no longer a small child.
“Yes. I look forward to working with you as well.”
Temuran turned to Shirone.
“Then, I’ll get going. Please, feel free to contact me anytime if you need anything.”
After receiving the documents from Shirone, he took his first step as a student of the magic academy.
“Attention!”
The moment he crossed the gates of the magic academy, he was greeted with salutes. This made Shirone’s heart thump loudly.
‘Alpheas Magic Academy!’
What could he learn here? And what kind of people would he meet in a place called the birthplace of geniuses?
The numerous buildings that were scraping the sky seemed to welcome Shirone.
The academy was using a whole mountain over a site area of 75.425 square kilometers.
When including dormitories, there were a total of 22 buildings. And there were more than 40 training grounds.
Despite the fact there were only 32 teachers, The total number of students attending was 420. And while this may seem low, in reality, this amount was equal to the best academy in the kingdom.
Entering a building where the reception desk was located, Shirone saw students with glowing, radiant faces walking around.
After submitting his documents, while waiting, Shirone looked at the curriculum pinned against a wall.
‘They sure are systematic!’
The Alpheas Magic Academy was run using a system called the Class Ten, where classes 10 to 8 were Beginner classes, 7 to 4 were Intermediate, and 3 to 1 were the Graduate/Advanced classes.
The Advanced classes used relative evaluation, and only 10 out of the maximum 30 students could graduate.
‘Only 10 students?’
Considering that the graduation test was held once a year, that meant 20 prodigies failed every year.
“You must be Shirone.”
When he turned his head, he saw Alpheas, who looked no different compared to five years ago, walking towards him.
Shirone bowed politely, recalling that this place was a magic academy.
“Hello. My name is Shirone.”
“I think we’ve met before. Do you remember me?”
There was no way Shirone could forget the incident that pushed him to dream of becoming a mage.
“Yes, I do. Thank you. I am truly grateful.”
“Well, we’ll get to those talks eventually. But for now, come. You have to go take the entrance test.”
“Hm? A test?”
Shirone was taken aback.
He hadn’t learned anything yet, so how was he supposed to take a test?
“There’s nothing to worry about. It’s just to evaluate which class to put you in. Can you enter the Spirit Zone?”
“Yes, I can.”
“Oho?”
It was definitely unusual to enter the Spirit Zone alone.
However, Shirone did it outside of school and without proper guidance, so Alpheas could not extinguish all his worries.
The reason why Alpheas proceeded with Shirone’s application last was because of his age difference compared to the other students.
Due to the nature of this academy, most of the enrolled kids were under the age of 10, if not 14 at most.
Shirone, on the other hand, was 17 years old, so Alpheas adjusted the time to save him face.
‘I should probably teach him from the beginning. The fault lies with my poor judgement. If only he had started a little earlier…’
Alpheas personally guided Shirone.
Despite the fact they had arrived early, other students were also taking the test, so he made a turn and headed to a building where the classrooms were located.
Shirone’s jaw dropped to the ground. It was as if he were exposed to a completely new world as…
Everyone was casting magic.
Even though it was the beginner class, the flashy magic could make a viewer’s eyes roll.
A girl floating about four stories high was having a heated discussion with her friends through a window, while another child was reading three books at the same time with all of them open in the air.
Alpheas watched Shirone’s reaction through the corners of his eyes and smiled mischievously… Because from now on, the real show would begin.
As they entered Class 7, Shirone saw students having a heated discussion. And although they were not casting magic like the kids from before, their eyes were burning with passion. They were so immersed in their conversation that they didn’t notice people passing by.
“Convection energy to bring the atmosphere below freezing point? Isn’t it more effective to condense the refrigerant?”
“But that has the disadvantage of being able to reverse the reaction. How about this? Instead of flipping the directivity of the energy, if we were to rotate the time base…”
Shirone, who was paying attention to the students’ conversation, was suddenly scared.
He knew what topic they were discussing, but he could not understand the details at all.
A loud noise was heard at the end of the hallway, and as a door was ripped open, a girl came out with her ears covered.
The students turned around in surprise, but soon turned their attention back to the matters at hand and went back to focusing on their work.
‘Judging from their reaction, it seems like this kind of occurrence happens rather often here.’
A female student, the culprit of the disturbance, ran to Alpheas with her hands now away from her ears.
“Headmaster! Hello!”
“Hoho, yes. It seems like there is a problem.”
“It’s the sound amplification experiment. There must have been an error on the output circuit. I think I need to redesign it.”
“It’s important to balance the input and output. The key is to keep the electric power at equilibrium.”
“Okay, I’ll try again.”
The girl put on her glasses and went back into the laboratory.
As Shirone passed by, he looked inside and saw children of his age having a discussion over a strange magic circle.
‘I feel like I’m in a different world!’
Shirone realized how small the well he was trapped in was.
Everyone here had special talents like him.
Now standing in front of the bulletin, the grades of 270 students were listed down.
In the Intermediate class, there were 42 students listed under Class Four, the highest level in the Intermediate section. And the one in first place was Amy Karmis.
‘Oh? The Karmis family!’
Due to his experience working for the Ogent family, Shirone memorized the names of famous noble families.
Karmis was the 1st-class nobility who lived in the city of Creas.
‘Cool!’
All the information overwhelmed him, but instead of being scared, his heart thumped wildly.
There were literally infinite competitions.
He wanted to compete. He wanted to challenge himself. He wanted to see how far he could reach.
“Yo! Amy! Wait for me!”
Shirone turned his head.
That person definitely said Amy. And now that he had the chance to see the person in first place in the Class Four Intermediate class, he turned to look, only to catch sight of a pretty girl with red hair and a book in her arms.
“Ah?”
At that moment, an unknown tension squeezed his heart.
Trauma. Emotions crashed over him before the memories had the chance to, and after a while, he remembered who she was.
It was the girl he met five years ago in the back alley.
Chapter end

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 19 - Learning Magic (2) 12.txt
===============================
Chapter 19
‘H-How could…’
Shirone, frozen in shock, turned his head away as Amy walked towards him with her friend.
‘Please, just pass by! Just go!’
Shirone hoped earnestly that they’d just ignore him for, in his eyes, nothing good could come out of them meeting. Thankfully, the two girls gave him no attention and were about to walk past… Or so he thought. Due to being in the moment, Shirone had totally forgotten that he was pretty attractive. And due to this, he did not notice that he had already caught the attention of one of the girls.
“Amy, Amy! Did you see the boy we just passed by? Is he new? He seems a bit too old to be a new student… Maybe he’s a transfer student? Oh my god, he’s totally my style.”
Amy couldn’t answer back even though she was listening to her chatty friend. It was because, like Shirone, she felt something weird.
“Strange… He looks familiar. Where have I seen him before?”
“Wait, are you interested in him? You, who never bothered to look at a guy before?”
“No. I really have seen him somewhere before.”
“Enough with the lies. Be honest, you have a crush on him, right? Right???”
“Seriously, I’m telling you, it’s not that.”
Amy sped up her pace to escape the persistent rambling. And when her friend started to catch up to her, she started running.
“Hurry up and spill it! I won’t drop this until you tell me the truth!”
“No! I said it’s nothing like that!”
Boys who saw Amy running away from her friend watched in envy.
Although she was the most popular girl in school, she rejected the love calls of every junior and senior to confess to her.
The only one who knew she was once a vicious girl who dominated the back alley was Shirone.
The Magic Academy’s 3rd Test Site.
The spacious hall had a mirror-like smooth floor.
Letters were engraved on the floor, but it was too difficult to understand.
Five teachers were seated side by side behind a table on the north side of the hall.
Upon his arrival, Shirone saw six students taking the test, and all of them were young kids.
“I see it’s still not over yet. That’s good. Watch carefully what those children do.”
Considering he looked a bit old for a newly enrolled student, he paid no mind to the stares he received.
Alpheas explained the letters on the floor.
“If you enter the Spirit Zone, these letters will look and feel different. And depending what you feel through them, we will analyze the size, strength, flexibility, and propensity of your Spirit Zone. You just have to answer the instructors honestly.”
Shirone, who got the gist of it, watched the test from a distance.
“Okay, Camie. Can you use magic?”
“I can levitate objects into the air.”
The examiners did not check each individual claim to see if they were true. It was because they knew that if the students were to uselessly bluff their way through the academy where they came to learn, they would ultimately be the ones at the losing end.
“I see. Then shall we go right to the Spirit Zone?”
“Yes.”
When the child named Camie entered the Spirit Zone, a young instructor sitting at the far right asked. With slicked-back blond hair, he was a handsome man who made a sharp impression.
“What is the farthest number you can see?”
“Six.”
“Oh? A six…”
The man wrote down the number on a paper approvingly.
It meant that his Spirit Zone reached a sphere of six meters in diameter.
To have that degree of skill as a newly enrolled student, he was on the level to join Class 9 at minimum.
The next question was asked by an elderly instructor sitting next to him.
With a buzz cut and a forehead full of fine wrinkles, he habitually raised his eyebrows which made him look like an owl.
“What is the most clear color you can feel?”
“Mmm… I feel like I’ve entered a red world.”
“Red. A divergent type. That explains why your Spirit Zone is large for your age.”
The instructors nodded in agreement.
The third and fourth instructors also asked questions they were specially in charge of.
One instructor asked whether the large tower stood on the left or the right. This was done in order to find out which side of the brain they typically used. Another instructor then asked how many balls were shaking. This was to check the density of the students’ Spirit Zone.
“What is the temperature you feel right now? Is it on the cold side or the warm side?”
The last instructor to ask was a young woman.
Her eyebrows were thin with sharp eyes that gave her a cold appearance. But she was certainly beautiful nonetheless.
“I think it’s a little hot. It’s to the point I’m sweating.”
If one was to feel hot, it meant that their Spirit Zone was variable. If someone’s application skills increase, their durability would decrease, so having a high application level was not necessarily good or bad.
“Okay, good job, Camie.”
The remaining students were also tested one after the other.
Teachers were satisfied that the average standard was quite high this year, and even Alpheas was impressed when a child announced the number 12.
It was finally Shirone’s turn.
Alpheas gently placed his hand on Shirone’s back and pushed, taking him to the instructors.
Join our discord for updates on releases!
“Now, don’t feel pressured and show off your skills.”
“Yes, I’ll try.”
Shirone was not pressured. Since he started out at zero anyways, he wanted to start his study from the basics in order to ensure the best learning experience.
The examiners observed Shirone carefully.
He was the special admission student whom Alpheas had already notified them about.
In his resume, there was a unique status that said he was a guest of the Ogent family, and under the special notes, it stated that he had a high possibility of development.
Time to time, there were kids like Shirone. Children who only realized their talents later on.
However this magic academy was called the birthplace of geniuses.
No matter how much of a genius they were outside of the academy, there were many who realized that they were below average when compared to the real geniuses in the academy.
Perhaps that was why the instructors did not have big expectation.
The blond man sitting on the right asked a question with an unenthusiastic voice.
Fire mage Thadd. He was known to only sweeten his voice in the presence of women.
“Shirone Arian. You are 17 years old, correct? Can you use magic?”
“No. I haven’t learned any magic yet.”
“I see. Well… A person should be able to do a few things, even without formal teaching.”
There was a hint of sarcasm in Thadd’s tone, but he wasn’t totally wrong.
The Spirit Zone was what allowed knowledge in one’s brain to be released into reality.
Come and read on our website wuxia worldsite. Thanks
On the other hand, it was something impossible for Shirone to cast any magic since he had no opportunity to receive formal teaching.
That’s why he put aside all other things and was so hung on obtaining a Core of Knowledge. Hence why he knew nothing in terms of how to apply and cast magic.
“Okay, let’s take a look first. Stand in the circle over there and activate your Spirit Zone. Ah, you can do it, yes?”
If he was a special admission student who couldn’t even do that, they would have questioned the morality of the headmaster.
Thankfully, that did not happen because Shirone nodded while heading over to the circle.
“Then… I’ll try.”
When Shirone closed his eyes and focused his mind, his synesthesia unfolded.
‘Wow!’
Once he entered the Spirit Zone, Shirone was overwhelmed by the countless pieces of information.
Most of the knowledge from reality was blocked, and he felt as if he had fallen into a whole new dimension.
‘This was what it was like.’
When he felt the world through synesthesia, the letters engraved on the floor appeared three-dimensionally.
Thadd asked.
“What is the farthest number you can see?”
Amongst the countless numbers orbiting around, Shirone took note of the farthest one.
His eyesight was not important because, through synesthesia, he saw things without needing to see them with his eyes.
However Shirone could not answer.
“Shirone, what is the farthest number you can see?”
Even as Thadd kept urging him, Shirone made no move to open his mouth. That led the instructors to think that Shirone was embarrassed over whatever number he saw.
It was natural to be intimidated after watching kids younger than him show off their talents.
Alpheas spoke softly.
“Shirone, you can be honest. We are not trying to rank or judge you. We’re only trying to figure out the right education level for you.”
Shirone spoke with a small, doubtful voice.
“Um… I do see a number, but it’s impossible to read it because it’s so long.”
Thadd asked again.
“You can’t read it? Are you saying you can’t see it?”
“No. I do see it, but it’s too long. And even at this very moment it’s still getting longer.”
Thadd was getting annoyed.
The magic characters that calculated the size of the Spirit Zone could only output integers. He thought that Shirone was stalling because he was ashamed of his lack of skill.
“Then just tell me the first few numbers in front of you.”
“Mmm, 3.14.”
“Eh?”
The eyes of all the instructors popped wide open.
The number Shirone was seeing was the circumference/pi. Since it was an irrational number that was not divisible by an integer, it went on indefinitely.
The woman sitting on the far left shot back, raising her glasses.
“Shirone, I’m sorry, but there is no such thing as 3.14 in the numbers we designated. Are you sure?”
Siena specialized in freezing magic, and like her magic, she had a cold temperament which did not go along with Thadd’s. Due to this, they were always at each other’s throat.
Shirone frowned, bothered.
“Mm, is that so? But that’s what I’m seeing.”
‘It’s true…’
Siena had lied.
Of course, it was true that pi was not engraved along with the other magic characters… But there was one… Just one situation in which pi could appear.
It was when the area of the spirit zone exceeded the range that could be measured.
This meant that the Spirit Zone, which Shirone extended, had a diameter of at least 30 meters.
The accuracy and precision measurement for the 3rd Test Site, which evaluated freshmen, was set to be quite low.
This was because if the instructors were to push the young children, who had yet to mature, too hard by starting off too extreme or intense, the experience could traumatize them for life.
Due to that reason, the diameter range of the Spirit Zone was also limited to 30 meters.
However, no matter how late they entered the academy, there were a few who did exceed this limit. Though it was so minimal that one could count with only the fingers of one hand.
If a person’s Spirit Zone were to exceed over 30 meters in diameter, that person would typically be assigned under Class 5 at minimum. And if comparing the level of Spirit Zone alone, it could go neck to neck with an uncertified Grade 10 mage’s Spirit Zone.
The old man sitting next to Thadd asked the next question.
“Then what color do you feel most clearly?”
“Blue. Everything is shaded blue.”
The old man’s lips stuck out, and a commotion began among the instructors.
‘If he’s blue, that means he’s a convergent type… A type that has an advantage in the durability of the zone rather than the size of the zone.’
‘Over 30 meters in diameter… And he only sees blue… His development must have been amazing.’
Alpheas, too, was surprised. He finally understood why Klumph had been boasting nonstop about Shirone.
However, as a headmaster who had encountered numerous, varying students, he became rather critical.
If Shirone just had an adequate amount of talent, then there would have been space for his compliments… But Shirone went beyond that level.
And above all, since Shirone had yet to step foot into the world of magic, he definitely hadn’t yet tapped into even half of his full potential and talent.
‘This is a bit dangerous.’
Too much praise could ruin a talent.
With Alpheas too engrossed in his thoughts to say anything, Shirone continued to diligently answer the questions.
‘The development of his brain is bi-hemespheric… ‘
This meant that Shirone used both sides of his brain at the same time.
This was also unique, but the real surprise had yet to come.
“How many balls are floating around?”
Since synesthesia was applied, he could sense the number of balls all at once. He did not have to count each ball one by one.
After a while, Shirone opened his mouth.
“867.”
“867…”
The instructor who had asked the question lost all emotion and went blank. And Siena, who had been watching with a collected attitude, had to pull in her chair for the first time to fix her usually flawless posture.
The ball-counting segment measured the density of one’s Spirit Zone. This was done in order to measure how evenly spread the caster’s mental strength was.
Being able to sense 867 balls meant that Shirone’s mental strength covered 86.7% of his Spirit Zone.
‘A kid who only recently turned 17?’
Having such an evenly spread mental strength meant that his mind was extremely stable, so his probability of succeeding in the field of magic was high.
PR/N: Density = How well spread one’s mental strength is.
Join our discord for updates on releases!
Chapter end

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 20 - Learning Magic (3) 9.txt
===============================
Chapter 20
“How cool is it right now, Shirone?”
Siena asked, already assuming that Shirone would be on the cold side.
And she was right.
“It’s quite chilly. Almost to the point I’d call it cold.”
Considering the test site, Shirone would not have been able to feel anything beyond the chills he was already feeling.
Siena, who nodded as if she understood, began to write down her overall evaluation on the document.
Here was the gist of it.
‘Convergent type, defensive, and excellent durability. Even the size of his Spirit Zone is abnormally large.’
Siena wondered if this kind of situation was actually realistic.
Although she had been teaching for over four years, it was rare to see a Spirit Zone go beyond 30 meters.
However, this was the inevitable result of Shirone’s choice and concentration.
Like how he dug through the history books to overcome his shallow disadvantages in terms of knowledge, the only thing Shirone could do in an environment where he could not learn magic was to polish his Spirit Zone as much as he possibly could. And his efforts did not betray him.
“Well done. You can leave your Spirit Zone now. We need to have a meeting to decide which class to enroll you in, so could you wait outside for a while?”
“Yes. Thank you.”
He bowed his head and went outside to where the children were gathered.
When the door to the test site closed, the instructors who had been quiet began to speak.
“He is a very peculiar student.”
Thadd said with a face as if he did not find Shirone to his liking.
“Not peculiar, but just balanced, don’t you think?”
Siena countered.
“I’m saying he’s peculiar because everything is so well balanced. A 17-year-old boy who doesn’t know a thing about magic has a Spirit Zone that exceeds 30 meters in diameter. And not to mention he is a convergent type.
“The bigger the Spirit Zone, the lighter the density… At least that’s what usually happens… But his density is 86.7%.”
“Though we do teach students how to increase the density through techniques, this child has shown a level of mental strength not commonly seen at all. He has the same level of mental stability as a high priest training in the mountains.”
While most of the teachers were busy praising him, Thadd, who expressed critical opinions, was annoyed.
“Well, let’s not forget the fact that he’s only a student. We still have to wait and see.”
Siena asked back coldly.
“What do you mean by ‘student’? This is an academy where children come to learn. What else would he be if not a student?”
Thadd’s face turned red.
If Siena were any less pretty, he wouldn’t have put up with her insult.
While the two clashed with their eyes, the other teachers withheld from vocalizing their opinions.
Thadd of the Flames and Siena of the Ice. They were famous for always being at each other’s throats in the academy.
Alpheas intervened.
“So where should we place him? Shirone, I mean.”
Siena immediately spoke out.
“Wouldn’t Class 5 be appropriate? He has a high possibility of development along with a unique propensity, so I think he should be supervised intensively.”
Thadd immediately refuted.
“But he doesn’t know any magic. Doing that would only make him haughty and encourage him to cause trouble.”
“Though some students may possess similar characteristics like the ones you have, not all are like you, Mr. Thadd.”
“Siena! There’s a limit to how much I can put up with! Let’s be honest here. Frankly speaking, since you’re the one in charge of Class 5, you obviously want to be the one to supervise him.”
“So what? What’s the problem with that, huh? A teacher wants to guide and teach a student. Is that a problem?”
“I’m just saying, you’re being too greedy. He doesn’t know magic, and to add to that, he’s at a level where he can’t modify his Spirit Zone. The highest class we should place him in has to be Class 7, no more than that. It’s the most appropriate.”
Alpheas also asked the other instructors.
Some said that it’d be better to slowly raise him from Class 10, step by step. Others even suggested that placing him in a specific class should be put on hold for the time being.
The teacher who resembled an owl came up with a proposal.
“I think Class 7 is perfect. We have to consider his age as well. Since he is a bit older than the average new students, sending him to the Beginner’s Class would make the kids lose motivation. Wouldn’t Class 7 be okay because it also teaches basic lessons regarding the Spirit Zone? If Shirone really displays great talent, we can give him an early advancement.”
Alpheas felt that he had a point.
In order to perfect Shirone’s half-developed talent, it was rather necessary to strengthen the basics first.
“Then I’ll assign him there.”
The entrance test was over.
Class 7 was definitely a high-end class, so Shirone was able to get into a dormitory with kids his age.
Surprisingly, it was a single, private room.
Since this was an academy that nobles attended, the subsidy was beyond imagination, so convenience was a must.
Since the Ogent family became part of the sponsors, Shirone did not have to walk on eggshells.
His room was 707 in the men’s dormitory.
While nobles would have not been satisfied with it, considering the room was the size of the living room in his home in the mountains, and considering the bed and desks were all luxurious, he did not have any complaints.
There was also a bookcase nailed against the wall, though it was empty.
“Do the students here have free time?”
When Shirone asked the person who guided him to his room, the person said that he was free to do whatever he wanted as long as classes were finished for the day.
However, except for the weekends, going out was prohibited. But this was not really an issue as most convenience facilities were built inside the school as its land was so large.
The students could even create their own research groups for subjects they were interested in. And if there were more than a certain number of members, funds would even be provided.
There were a total of four libraries around the school that operated 24/7, and there were no specific restrictions on how many books one could borrow as long as the deadline was met.
Shirone was satisfied with everything.
It was the best environment to study in.
Lastly, the staff had told him about unauthorized magic.
Except in laboratories, magic after school was prohibited, especially to those who study unorthodox magic. They were punished regardless of any reason if caught practicing it without supervision.
A representative example of unorthodox magic was the Necromancer’s Soul Pact Magic. Anti-Magic was also categorized as one.
Shirone asked why Anti-Magic was prohibited, but the staff only said they didn’t know and left.
“Well, then…”
Shirone plopped on his bed and decided to plan ahead.
He thought he didn’t need to join a research group yet. There was also the problem with him being a commoner, but in addition to that, Shirone himself was unsure as to what area suited him.
“I should start visiting the library. Since I studied only history for two years, I have to now acquire a wide range of knowledge.”
Shirone was confident. He built his Core of Knowledge by suppressing his curiosity for months.
From now on, all he had to do was acquire knowledge like crazy.
Come and read on our website wuxia worldsite. Thanks
Shirone woke up due hearing the beautiful melody of a piano.
“It’s already morning.”
The sound was transmitted through a magic called Ethereal Resonance, a form of magic typically studied by students who majored in music.
However, even this masterpiece did not compare to the moment when he played with Reina.
Suddenly, the people from the Ogent family came to mind.
Join our discord for updates on releases!
‘Are they doing well? Is Rian entering his first class with a nervous heart like me?’
After those thoughts and after cleaning himself up, Shirone headed to the cafeteria to eat breakfast.
In the dormitory where men and women living quarters were separated, the cafeteria was one of the only places where they could sit together.
Shirone sat in a corner.
Although conversing with people and making friends was an option, Shirone enjoyed eating in peace.
Because of this tendency, he was once teased by the children of the mountaineers for being timid.
However, there were many students who were similar to Shirone, and no one cared if someone ate their food with a fork or with their hands.
But, the issues between men and women were another thing. Shirone’s appearance attracted the attention of female students, and soon, he could hear whispers around him.
Even if he tried not to notice, it was impossible to completely block the whispers out, so Shirone finished his meal quickly and returned to his room.
Whilst walking to his class, due to the weight of the textbooks on his back, his shoulders began to hurt.
He lugged around many textbooks because there were a lot of subjects to study. And Class 7, which was the beginning of the Intermediate Classes, was where magic began to be taught.
The lessons were naturally difficult.
Compared to the nobles who had the resources to study before entering the academy, Shirone’s knowledge was limited.
However, Shirone was able to keep up because of his shallow, yet vast, Core of Knowledge.
‘My judgment was right!’
Categorizing different types of subjects using the framework he had built over 2 years really helped Shirone focus in class.
Lunchtime passed. During the afternoon, there was a combined lesson for Spirit Zone training.
From Class 7 to Class 4, 280 Intermediate students sat side by side. The training ground quickly became noisy as everyone was busy introducing themselves.
“I was able to take the test thanks to your help!”
“Here! I saved you a seat!”
At first, Shirone simply friends were chatting with friends, but after hearing some conversations, he noticed many of the conversations were between upper and lowerclassmen.
It was also common to see people who looked older greet a younger-looking student politely.
‘Even though we are all in the same Intermediate Class, things are kept strict!’
Whether certified or uncertified, a mage’s rank determined their position or job. The same could be said here. The strict barriers between upperclassmen and lowerclassmen were also proportional to their level.
Of course, there may be embarrassing situations where yesterday’s lowerclassmen may become today’s upperclassmen, but it was natural for students who were more experienced to condescend those lower than them.
‘Does that mean there’s almost no turnaround?’
Shirone felt indirectly how difficult it was to jump up a class.
The instructor of the Spirit Zone was a certified Grade 6 mage named Ethella Romie.
She was probably around her mid-20s at the most.
Simply tied back Brown hair, large glasses, and a gentle appearance that did not fit the image of an instructor.
“Alright, everyone. A new student has joined the Intermediate Class today. Shirone, stand up and introduce yourself.”
All eyes turned to look at Shirone. Of course, among those eyes were Amy’s.
“Oh, Amy! Isn’t that the boy we saw yesterday?”
Unintentionally ignoring her friend, Sharelle, who was making a fuss, Amy got lost in thought.
Despite his strong impression, enough to make him look familiar, it was her first time hearing the name Shirone.
A Class 5 student stepped in.
“Did you know? He’s the new kid who was assigned to Class 7 right away. According to my sources, the teachers are pretty interested in him.”
“Interesting. From which family is he? Do you know his family name?”
At that moment, Amy shouted.
“Damn it!”
It was her first time saying such harsh words, so Sharelle asked with a surprised look.
“Amy, what’s wrong?”
“Ah… No, it’s nothing.”
It was not nothing.
In retrospect, he was actually the one who put an end to her dark history. And whenever she thought back to it, she felt stupid.
‘Right, he did have talent. But I’m sure he was a commoner. How did he get into this academy?’
Shirone introduced himself.
“Hello, my name is Shirone Arian. Starting today, I will be taking Class 7 with you all. Please take good care of me.”
The students welcomed him with applause.
While the upperclassmen were happy that one more student was included in their list of lowerclassmen, the female students were happy for the new addition of one more good-looking male.
However, among the students, there were some who looked displeased. It was hostility toward a future competitor.
Ignoring everyone’s thoughts regarding the newcomer, Ethella began her class.
“Alright class, let’s begin. What is the Spirit Zone?”
“The mind of a mage.”
“Yes. The Spirit Zone is the embodiment of the mind. The very first form is a sphere. But in practice, the shape of a sphere might sometimes be inefficient.”
Ethella entered a magic device called ‘Image Zone.’
A magic circle with concentric circles was drawn on the smooth floor. It looked similar to the place where kids took the entrance test.
Since the floor disappeared and a black space appeared, Ethella looked like she was floating.
In that state, when her Spirit Zone with a diameter of about 10 meters was opened, students could surprisingly see that the shape of the Spirit Zone was visible.
‘This is the Image Zone I’ve only heard of!’
To materialize your mind into reality.
It was a device that could not be made without the highest level of magic engineering… And huge sums of money.
However, since the students could now physically see the Spirit Zone, it made teaching lessons in regards to the Spirit Zone a lot easier, which also helped the students excel even more.
That was one of the reasons why Alpheas Magic Academy was part of the top 5 prestigious academies in the kingdom.
Join our discord for updates on releases!
Chapter end

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 21 - Learning Magic (4) 5.txt
===============================
Chapter 21
Ethella walked around comfortably, as if she did not enter the Spirit Zone, and continued to explain.
“This is the basic form of the Spirit Zone. It takes up all the space equally. However, in an actual fight, more often than not, you will not have the opportunity to use the entire space. Let me give you an example.”
When Ethella flicked her finger, a target appeared 20 meters away.
“With a diameter of only 10 meters, you won’t be able to affect the target with magic. As such, you would have no choice but to either move towards them or increase the size of your Spirit Zone. However, simply changing the size of your Spirit Zone isn’t something you can do on a whim… But by changing the shape, you can do something like this.”
Ethella’s Zone lengthened in the direction of the target. It had the same volume but was able to reach the target by changing its shape.
“The shape of your mind dictates the shape of your Spirit Zone. And then…”
Ethella held out her hand and chanted.
“Fire.”
Fire burst out and burned the target 20 meters away. The eyes of the new students who were in their first-ever class popped open. Ethella, who had been taken lightly because of her gentle appearance, suddenly looked imposing.
“However, there is a fatal problem when using this method.”
Due to Ethella’s words, the new students were embarrassed after hearing that the demonstration a while ago was actually an example of something bad.
“The shape of the Zone can vary. However, having to change the shape every second in a battle is inefficient. So mages use a specific pattern to decrease its inefficiency. And they do it through the Spirit Zone’s four patterns, the Four Way Formation.
Shirone’s heart started pounding after hearing the concept for the first time.
“The first form in the Four Way Formation is the Defense Form.”
Ethella’s Spirit Zone closed in and transformed into a cube with 20 triangular faces. Although it looked rough, it appeared similar to a sphere from a distance.
PR/N: Imagine a sphere that’s sort of squarish and has a low-polygon count, that’s what it looks like.
“The basis of the Defense Form is the cube. It’s about building a mental framework using the frames. Oh, and the frames are the triangular faces, for those who don’t know. The more frames the cube has, the more durable it becomes. It’s also a shape that can protect a large number of allies. Next is the Attack Form.”
Ethella changed the shape of her Spirit Zone. The spherical surface area seemed to decrease, while dozens of long needles extended in all directions.
“The Attack Form has, what we call, a star shape. In return for decreasing the center area, it extends the number of Zones. It covers all directions, so you don’t have to worry about the location of your target. It’s the ideal form when dealing with multiple enemies. Next is the target form.”
Ethella’s Zone changed once again. Her Spirit Zone extended out into the four cardinal directions: north, east, south, and west. The final form was shaped like a cross.
“The basis of the Target Form is the cross. It has the longest range among the basic forms of the Four Way Formation, and although its power is less than that of the Offensive Form, it can easily detect and seize the target.”
As she flicked her finger, the targets began to encircle Ethella and in response, she followed the targets with sharp eyes.
“45 degrees to the side. Fire.”
The cross started spinning, and every time the cross caught a target, fire shot out. Magic was cast simultaneously, front to rear, left to right. And no mistakes were made. It was as if she also had eyes located at the back of her head.
“What you need to master for the Target Form is the speed of your Spirit Zone rotation. While, when done to an extreme, the Straight Form will have the greatest range. But this adjustment is only really used when attacking from a distance and if the target is straight ahead. Since a mage is usually stationed at the very end of a straight line, it is extremely difficult to change the direction of the Spirit Zone.”
Ethella stopped talking for a second and took the time to wipe her glasses.
“Lastly, the Deviate Form is about shifting the center of the Zone. In other words, it would be like moving your brain.”
Shirone did not understand. The center of the Zone indicates the mage’s head, so how could someone just move it?
Ethella returned to the basic form.
After a while, her Spirit Zone began to move while maintaining its shape as a sphere.
Ten seconds later, her Spirit Zone completely detached from Ethella’s body.
Shirone was amazed. If a Zone was a mage’s mind, what was in the center of that Zone?
“This is the Deviate Form. It’s a special one among the four forms. This is because the further away it goes, the smaller the zone becomes. And learning it is quite difficult. It is to the point that there are mages that specialize in only that form. That is how hard it is to handle the Deviate Form. However, there is one thing to keep in mind… It is the fastest among the four forms. Its activation speed is instant.”
For a finale, Ethella showed her students the Four Way Formation in sequence, one after the other. From a hardened cube, to a jagged star, then a stretched cross, and finally, when it returned to a sphere, the Zone broke off from her body and rapidly whirled around her.
“Whoaaaaa…”
Class 7 students finally realized. The Four Way Formation was not something easily achieved within a year or two. The teacher in front of them was a certified Grade 6 mage, not a brainless, innocent-looking child.
“From now on, you guys will be practicing the Four Way Formation. You’ll be practicing the four forms in repetition. Now, let’s spread out by class and practice.”
The students were taught different lessons according to their class. Shirone took Ethella’s class along with Class 7 students.
“First of all, let’s learn more about the Defense Form. Depending on the mage’s propensity, they will have an easier time with certain forms. But it’s good to constantly polish and strengthen the Defensive Form. Because even in chaotic battlefields, you will be able to concentrate, and above all, you will gain the strength to resist Anti-Magic.”
Shirone recalled the precautions he had heard yesterday, and since the staff did not answer, his question still remained.
Join our discord for updates on releases!
“Ms. Romie, I have a question. Um… May I ask a question?”
“Hoho, feel free to ask. I hope asking if you can ask a question was not your question.”
“Um, yes. Why is Anti-Magic a forbidden magic? I hear that a lot of mages are studying Anti-Magic legally.”
“Hmm, let’s see. There are two types of Anti-Magic. Anti-Magic for mages and Anit-Magic on artifacts. Do you know this?”
“Yes, I do.”
“Anti-Magic is the Spirit Zone imbued with special properties. Therefore, the effectiveness differs depending on the mind of the mage. That is what’s different from artifact Anti-Magic.”
Come and read on our website wuxia worldsite. Thanks
“So it can be dangerous if clumsily handled.”
“That’s exactly it. If you were to cast it without being familiar with it, it might lead to an accident. Mages who specialize in Anti-Magic train in only that for a lifetime. Though a lot of times, they reach a dead end. The academy does not recommend that path to all of you.”
Shirone nodded. It was a magic that destroyed minds, so it was not a subject to study at an academy filled with kids.
“Okay! Back to the Four Way Formation.”
Each Class 7 student began practicing. The trick was to build a mental framework first and then connect it together.
After practicing for a while, Shirone felt his Spirit Zone becoming solid, so he opened his eyes. He couldn’t visually confirm as it wasn’t an Image Zone, but he certainly seemed to have achieved something.
It was a remarkable achievement considering Shirone was a convergent type. This was the result of him focusing only on his Spirit Zone for 6 years.
“Wow! Look at that!”
His classmates pointed to an Image Zone and shouted.
Class 4 students were taking turns, and now it was Amy’s turn… And she put on an amazing show.
Amy cast the Target Form. Her cross turned 90 degrees to the right and then 270 degrees to the left, twisting between angles incessantly and shooting flames.
The length of the Zone was about 20 meters, which was an acceptable level for a Target Form, but the rotational speed of the Zone was incredible.
Although the targets were up from all directions, the number of flames shooting out from four directions was at the level of rapid firing.
After destroying 120 targets in an instant, Amy removed her Zone. Beautiful looks with outstanding skills. Underclassmen looked up at her with twinkling eyes.
Shirone realized again after seeing the awe in the eyes of the Class 7 students… Why was a girl from such an amazing family hanging out with thugs six years ago?
After ruminating in his head, Shirone suddenly flinched. Amy, who just came out from the Image Zone, was staring right at Shirone. And naturally, other students followed her gaze and also turned to stare at Shirone.
“Huh? Do they know each other?”
“No? Wasn’t he admitted just yesterday?”
“Don’t tell me she fell for him… She’s someone who doesn’t even glimpse at anyone…”
After hearing the whispers among the crowd, Amy hurriedly turned her gaze away. She felt like she was going crazy.
Amy knew Shirone was the only one who knew about her immature past. After all, she had straightened herself out after she started learning magic.
‘This can’t be… I’m graduating soon. If a rumor were to spread now, everything could go down the drain. What should I do?’
Although Amy went back to her place, none of the students moved to use the Image Zone. In both fame and reputation, she was No. 1 in the Intermediate Class, so no matter who volunteered to come forward, they would only be humiliated in front of the lowerclassmen.
Shirone thought right now was an opportunity and walked up to Ethella.
“Ms. Romie, if you don’t mind, can I go next?”
“Hm? You mean into the Image Zone?”
Ethella tilted her head. What reason could there be for a student who had just started learning the Four Way Formation to use the Image Zone?
“Wait a minute… the upperclassmen have to go first. That’s the rule.”
Ethella waited… But nobody made a move to use it. So instead of letting such an expensive device go to waste, she thought it’d be best to let someone give it a go, even if it was for just a simple experience.
“Alright. It won’t hurt to try it out in advance. However, the targets won’t be up. You might get hurt.”
“Okay, I just thought it’d be a good idea to have a look at my Defense Form.”
“What?”
Ethella asked, dumbfounded. But Shirone, who didn’t catch it, was already walking away.
As the Image Zone went up, upperclassmen whistled and applauded… However, they didn’t do it to encourage him. Rather, they just wanted a good show. They weren’t expecting much. Without giving them his attention, Shirone walked to the center with no care.
Amy, who was drinking water, looked towards the stage. And as soon as her eyes caught Shirone’s figure, she spewed out the water in her mouth.
“PFFFFFFFFT!”
“You okay, Amy? What’s wrong?”
“What the heck is he doing? He’s from Class 7, what can he do? He should know better than that.”
At the sudden occurrence, class time turned into break time. However, Shirone was solely focused on what he was about to do.
As Shirone entered the Spirit Zone, his sphere began to swell rapidly. As soon as he saw it with his eyes, he stopped breathing. Overwhelmed by the image, Shirone unconsciously stopped expanding.
The noisy students were at a loss for words. The size of the Zone was 20 meters in diameter. Considering the average diameter for Class 7 students was 13 meters, it was safe to say that this was the appearance of a new prodigy.
“Wow! It’s huge!”
“Humph. Can anything be labeled as magic if it just increases in size? It’s nothing more than an air bubble.”
Shirone was taken aback. Just before he entered the Image Zone, the frame he had built was fine, but now it was bending like a Korean taffy.
‘How come it’s not working?’
‘Did my mentality waver after seeing my own Spirit Zone? That can’t be the reason…’
Shirone did not think he was that weak, so he was positive the problem laid within the basics.
‘AHA! That’s it!’
In his current state, The Four Way Formation would inevitably collapse. This was because this was his first time casting it, and due to that, he needed to concentrate way more and expend way more mental strength in order to cast the Four Way Formation.
There was a lack of materials to build the structure. At a diameter of only 20 meters, he would not be able to construct a frame as rigid as steel.
‘I have to increase the size to the maximum.’
Join our discord for updates on releases!

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 22 - Learning Magic (5) 3.txt
===============================
Chapter 22
Shirone concentrated more. When he averted his attention from the Image Zone and only focused on delving into his Spirit Zone, the already large sphere expanded twice as much.
The jaws of the upperclassmen dropped. The numerical value shown on the scoresheet was 41… 41 meters in diameter.
Considering that the average diameter of a Class 4 student was 27 meters, it was a number close to a student from an Advanced Class.
“Wh-What? How the heck does he have such a big zone?”
Even Ethella was surprised.
Of course, the diameter of a Spirit Zone could always be increased through training.
However, not only did it require extreme physical discipline, but one also needed to have grown mentally.
The human body did not lie. So as long as one trained consistently, results would surely follow. Though, unlike training the physical body, the mind needed to battle against vague illusions where definite answers were not set.
Despite dedicating their lives to pursuing a goal, there were countless mages around the world who fell short of achieving their desired results.
It was for this reason that magic was called the realm of talent.
‘I’ve never seen such an exceptional zone from the start. He probably grew up contemplating the world and exploring his inner self… But he just turned 18. Is this really possible?’
Compared to just a while ago, Shirone began to feel confident. As his Spirit Zone grew bigger, he finally felt the frames establishing themselves.
Not noticing the crowd of students paying close attention to him with a look of surprise, Shirone busied himself connecting the framework.
‘Don’t be fixated on it. Tighten it all at once.’
Shirone clenched his teeth and opened his eyes wide. When he entered the Defense Form of the Four Way Formation, the large sphere began to tighten, as if trying to crush Shirone.
The force was so strong that the people who were watching heard an auditory hallucination of cracks and snaps.
“Woooaahhh…”
A groan was heard from somewhere.
Shirone stared bewildered at the Four Way Formation he unfolded. He felt like he was trapped inside of a hard, diamond crystal.
Like the cubed-shaped form Ethella had shown before, everything was perfectly interconnected. A diameter of 13 meters. Though the efficiency decreased by 30% as the size scaled down from 41 to 13 meters, a success was still a success.
“He did it for real! That kid succeeded on his first day!”
Many upperclassmen frowned when the inadequate Class 7 students made a fuss.
However, the number of people who expressed their interest stood on equal footing. Of course, most of them were girls.
Amy did not affiliate with either side. But really, Shirone began to get on her nerves.
How could she have forgotten? Didn’t he decide to learn magic because he was humiliated?
‘That guy… Who the heck is he?’
This was not an academy where one could just enter by having talent alone. She was positive that he had a benefactor. But the question was… Who was it?
“Ms. Romie, the volume shrunk much more than I thought it would.”
“Hm? That’s inevitable. But its durability would have improved a lot. With the way it is right now, being able to withstand physical impacts to a certain extent wouldn’t be impossible.
‘I heard he surprised the instructors during the entrance test. I guess the rumor is true.’
‘Though, success does not happen overnight.’
Ethella admitted that he had great insight, but he was only able to succeed due to two factors. His unusually large Spirit Zone, and his convergent tendencies.
Realizing the people’s reaction belatedly, Shirone returned to being a shy boy and went back to his spot in the corner.
Was it because he was buried in other people’s stares? Because Shirone did not notice Amy’s fierce gaze.
Join our discord for updates on releases!
Shirone was busy studying various subjects. Once one got to the Advanced Class, one could choose a major, but before then, one had to study all the subjects, so the range was enormous.
His first period was basic chemistry. When he entered the lecture hall of Class 7, he saw the students seated. And on the platform in front of the class, he saw a familiar face.
Siena Olifer, Master of Ice Magic.
She was the second daughter of the Olifer family and a graduate of the Olifer School. She was a 26-years-old genius who became a certified Grade 6 mage with just ice magic alone. She had a pretty face and a cold attitude.
Thanks to that cold attitude of her’s during the entrance test, she made a strong impression on Shirone.
However, she was surprisingly popular with the male students. She had a beautiful appearance as well as a feisty personality. She was the ideal type for many of the students.
With her long, purple hair neatly tied up, she spoke while stroking her horn-rimmed glasses.
“Hello everyone. I’m Siena Olifer, and I’ll be teaching this Class 7 chemistry class as of today.”
Loud applause exploded across the class. There were some who whistled and others who bluntly asked if she had a lover.
Siena ignored them and opened her book. She then gently raised her eyes and looked somewhere.
Shirone flinched because he felt like she was looking straight at him.
He thought he was mistaken, but in fact, Shirone’s hunch was correct. The only reason why she, who was in charge of Class 5, took the time to purposely open another course was because of Shirone.
‘Talents rot if they remain stagnant. It’s best to advance him as soon as possible.’
Real talent was being able to follow and catch up despite being placed somewhere high. She intended to advance Shirone to discourage her rival, Thadd, and keep her stance strong as a teacher.
Whatever the circumstances were, the students were just happy to be taught by the most popular teacher.
“Ms. Olifer, is it true that you’re dating instructor Thadd? It’s not true, right?”
“Tell us about your first love. This is our first class.”
“Please, Ms. Olifer! Tell us!”
As the students continued to be persistent, Siena frowned. Then suddenly, an ice crystal with a diameter of 30 centimeters materialized.
Crack! Fizzle! Pop!
The ice began to spin and grind, and suddenly snow fluttered in all directions. The cold particles instantly lowered the temperature of the classroom.
Come and read on our website wuxia worldsite. Thanks
At first, the students laughed it off saying.
‘It’s only a little chilly.’
But their faces quickly hardened. The temperature dropped endlessly. It was to the point where the students couldn’t even talk.
“Ms. Olifer! I-It’s cold…”
“Let’s start the class.”
Siena came down from her platform and approached the students. The temperature rose as the speed of the ice’s rotation gradually decreased. But it the temperature still remained negative.
“What is the principle of the ice magic I just performed?”
Siena spread her palm as an ice crystal formed and floated above it.
“Cold. What exactly is ‘cold’?”
As she clenched her fist following the question, the ice crystal shattered into pieces.
“To be cold refers to a state of lacking energy. There is no such thing as cold energy. So while the thing we call temperature can go infinitely high, it cannot go infinitely low. The state of zero energy is called Absolute Zero.”
Shirone frantically wrote down her words into his notebook.
“By taking the energy from the atmosphere, you can create ice crystals. Of course, it’s ordinary ice. However, what would happen if you were to break it down into particles and blow it away using the power of the wind? Even ordinary ice can drop the temperature down to a level that can kill people… Which is something you experienced a while ago.”
The students’ faces paled after hearing the word ‘kill’.
“Alright, then how do we absorb that energy? No, let me rephrase that. How come mages can freely command and cast magic?”
Siena raised two of her fingers and first pointed at one.
“Omniscience. Omnipotence. Mages cast magic through those two things. The Spirit Zone aligns the mage’s mind with the world. Thus within the domain, the mage holds a divine position. And that’s why I say omnipotence. But you cannot cast magic with that alone. The temperature in the Spirit Zone does not simply rise through a command. You need to know how to raise the temperature. You need knowledge. Hence, omniscience.”
Shirone nodded his head. The reason why he had not been able to use magic thus far was because he had only trained for omnipotence.
“All of you will be exposed to a variety of studies. The Spirit Zone encompasses only half the magic, and without omniscience, you cannot become a great mage. So now, let us start with the basic chemistry class.”
Siena then turned around and started writing on the blackboard. It was the start of the class, and the concentration of the students was at its highest.
‘Sure enough. She did not become the most popular teacher through simply being pretty.’
Having trust in a teacher boosted a student’s desire for achievement, so Shirone lost track of time as he listened to her lecture.
There were words that were difficult to understand, but he didn’t care.
His Core of Knowledge had been completed, and from today on, he was planning to eat up other studies in earnest.
5 P.M.
After classes ended, students began to swarm out of the lecture hall. Shirone also headed to the dormitory because his head felt heavy.
Students who joined research groups were walking in pairs while carrying their lunch boxes. Shirone, who was not a part of a research group, was thinking of visiting the library after grabbing a bite to eat.
“Huh?”
Suddenly he felt light. When he came to his senses, he saw himself floating while also being quickly pulled somewhere.
The force pulling the back of his shirt was so strong that it was suffocating.
After about 3 minutes, he arrived in a garden forest.
As he slowed down, Shione, who was floating, fell on his butt.
The shock traveled from his butt to the rest of his body.
While coughing and catching his breath, he looked up at the person who brought him in a hurry.
The mysterious person, who covered their face with a black mask, looked around anxiously. After checking that there were no people, they took off their mask.
“Wh-What?”
Shirone’s eyes widened. The identity of the mysterious person was none other than Amy Karmis.
Amy raised her hand as if realizing something from Shirone’s expression. As soon as she did so, fire magic erupted from her hand.
“I was right. You. You remember me, don’t you?”
“Uh… Huh?”
“Leaving you alone will only bring me trouble. I will scorch your mouth and make you mute.”
Shirone stared at the approaching flame without moving to avoid it. Unless one was a madman, one had to have a reason for committing a violent act. He did not find it probable for her to burn someone’s face at school.
As expected, her palm stopped right in front of Shirone’s face. The fire had already disappeared. She, who had planned to threaten Shirone through fear, asked with a frown.
“Who the heck are you? Are you really that coward?”
She could not find a hint of the boy who had been caught by the back alley thugs with trembling legs and a pale face.
“You remember me too, right? Upperclassman?”
Amy grabbed Shirone by the collar and pulled him up.
“Who are you calling your upperclassman, you bastard?! What the heck happened to you?! You are a commoner, not to mention a total country bumpkin! How the hell did you get in here?!”
Shirone did not know why she was so agitated. If she were annoyed by the fact that a commoner entered an aristocratic academy, she would not have brought him to such a quiet place from the beginning.
“I do have my reasons, but before that, why did you drag me here?”
“Why?”
It was actually an impulsive decision. At first, she was planning on ignoring him, but she couldn’t. She was someone who found it uncomfortable for even a small secret of hers to be discovered. But Shirone did not have something small… He knew a huge secret of hers. A secret big enough to end her school life.
“Tell me honestly! How did you enter this academy?”
The punch that was coming towards him fast did not seem to stop, so Shirone hurriedly confessed.
Amy loosened her hold when she heard that he was attending as a guest with the support of the Ogent family.
“Oho! As a guest of the Ogent family?”
Join our discord for updates on releases!

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 23 - Cold Boy and Hot Girl (2) 10.txt
===============================
Chapter 23
Amy’s head was spinning. She was sure he was lying.
‘There’s no way a commoner could enter as a guest of a noble family.’
That was the conclusion she had reached because she did not know about Rian’s knight’s oath.
“You didn’t tell anyone that you know me, did you?”
“I didn’t. It’s not even a pleasant memory, anyways.”
Hearing Shirone say that, she knew he was going to stay a huge ticking time bomb. The thought of going to the same academy with such a bomb did not sit well with her.
Amy came up with an idea. She raised her head arrogantly and said.
“You are from Class 7, right? I’m from Class 4.”
“I know.”
“You will be my underling from today onwards.”
“What? An underling?”
“I know your weakness. You’d probably get kicked out of the academy if I expose it. So be my underling from now on. You have to listen to everything I say.”
Shirone made a confused face after hearing her threat.
“Why should I? Whether you hold my weakness or not, you’re still my upperclassman. So if you were to tell me to do something, shouldn’t I obey?”
“How naive. Do you think I’ll make it that easy? I’m gonna make sure to make you cry, so look forward to it.”
In Amy’s head, even if she failed to get him kicked out, she could at least make sure Shirone followed her. If she locked him in sight and prodded at his self-esteem, she would be able to find out his hidden intentions.
“What are you going to make me do?”
“After class, come running with bread and coffee, ‘kay? If you spill even a drop, I’ll make you go back to base one.”
Although Shirone was someone with a good personality, this time he was angry. Bread? Did she think he came to this academy just to deliver some bread?
“Hohoho! Alright, starting from tomorrow, wait for me in front of the First Library. I’ll end it quickly if you do whatever I tell you to do competently.”
Shirone was so disconcerted. Was she really the Amy who was called the goddess of Alpheas?
“Oh right. And…”
Turning around, Amy looked back at Shirone. The air around her began to spin as her hand pierced up. At the same time, Shirone’s body rose into the sky.
“Heuk!”
Tornado magic controlled atmospheric pressure to create wind. It was a spell that Shirone managed to barely cast as a child, but for the current Amy, casting it was child’s play.
Shirone floundered in the air. Perhaps because he was facing a crisis, the ground looked much clearer. Even the fallen leaves scattered on the ground were vivid.
Even that smirking face of Amy.
‘I’ll die if I fall.’
As soon as that thought passed his mind, Amy jumped up and grabbed the back of his collar. As his collar started to tighten around his neck, he could not breathe. When he came back to his senses, he was lying somewhere on the ground.
“Cough! Cough!”
Following that magic, she demonstrated the power of Schema, and she dusted off her hand, seemingly satisfied. Amy stopped her Schema training after the age of 12, but nevertheless, her movement was beyond normal human ability.
“ Consider that payback. See you tomorrow. Hohoho!”
Amy laughed cheerfully and walked away. Shirone was furious, he had never met such a hateful girl before.
In his mind, she was still the thug from many years ago. Shirone, who tried to diminish his anger, lowered his head and exited the forest. The thought of meeting her from tomorrow onward made him plunge into despair.
The five o’clock bell rang for the last period.
The basic physics class was over. Shirone, who packed his bag and left the classroom, sighed deeply. He had been running around as Amy’s bread shuttle for the past 10 days.
He bought bread and coffee from the school shop. It was a price that could not compare to the donations provided by the Ogent family, but the problem didn’t lie within the money, but with his feelings. And that was what Amy was aiming for.
“Why is she doing this to me? She was the first to make a mistake.”
Trying not to spill the coffee required a lot of concentration. Yeah, let’s just think this is some kind of training. He tried to adjust his walk so that the coffee did not shake.
“As if! How long do I have to endure this!”
Shirone himself thought he was in a miserable state.
“Oh my! There he goes, the pure and innocent boy.”
“He must be heading to her to confess again. I’m telling you, he has some kind of illness.”
The schoolgirls whispered amongst each other, pointing to Shirone who was passing by. This was his biggest problem.
Already, a rumor had spread around the academy that Shirone had a one-sided crush on Amy. And the more that kind of rumor spread, the colder the students treated Shirone.
Shirone’s fantasy about women was completely shattered by Amy’s tenacity in resolving her resentment 6 years ago.
“Hey! Over there, your prince.”
“What do you mean ‘prince?’ He’s just a servant.”
Amy and Sharelle were waiting for Shirone together in front of the library. The area around them was crowded with students who were curious to see the extraordinary sight.
As Shirone walked up the stairs, the schoolgirls who were watching laughed and clapped. Shirone’s face flushed like a red beet.
Sharelle smiled pitifully and said.
“But I kind of feel sorry for him. He’s going this far, why not just accept him?”
“What? What nonsense are you spouting? Why would I accept him?”
“Oh stop pretending to be shy. For someone who doesn’t glimpse at a guy, you sure do take all the bread and coffee from Shirone. There are even rumors about the goddess of Alpheas finally getting a partner.”
It was ridiculous. This was a strategy to provoke Shirone, but it seemed like things were flowing unexpectedly.
Actually, she was only thinking of keeping it going for a week. But somehow, Shirone never expressed any displeasure and had regularly brought her the food.
‘Urk! At this point, I’ll end up associated with a really strange rumor. I should stop now.’
When Shirone handed Amy the bread and coffee, people cheered. They were deeply moved by him, who spent much effort not to spill a drop of coffee for the woman he loved.
“Here’s your coffee.”
“Gosh! So annoying!”
Amy raised her hand. The best way to reverse this ridiculous misunderstanding was through embarrassment.
She was going to hit his arm and spill the coffee. Then Shirone would be just like the other countless boys who had been dumped by her so far, and the strange rumor would subside.
“Who told you to bring something like this?”
As Amy swung her hand, the students’ eyes grew bigger. However, the expected tragedy did not occur.
Amy’s hand trembled as she glared daggers at the coffee.
‘At least act like you dislike it. Are you stupid? A fool? Do you have no guts or what?’
Unexpected guilty conscience. But that was Shirone’s strength.
His mindset went something like this.
‘Isn’t it better to think positively about the things I have to do?’
And that attitude made Amy feel guilty.
“Um… Excuse me, here’s your coffee.”
She knew because Amy herself was someone who studied harder than anyone else.
Thinking back on it, she felt quite sorry. Nevertheless, she didn’t avoid men because she was afraid of attention, it was simply annoying. The arrogant kids with no talent who called themselves nobles did not really suit her tastes.
Come and read on our website wuxia worldsite. Thanks
‘Whatever. Let them think whatever they want. As long as the rumor isn’t about me.’
Amy accepted the bread and coffee. And as if they were watching a show, applause broke out from all sides.
“I don’t need this from now on, so don’t buy it! Okay?”
“Yes? Oh, okay.”
So now, did her anger disappear with just this? Thinking he would never have to see her again, Shirone let out a deep sigh of relief.
However, as a result, Amy’s remark aroused more misunderstanding by the students.
“She accepted it! Amy accepted Shirone’s feelings!”
“She said she doesn’t need coffee. Doesn’t that mean he can just come without buying anything?”
Join our discord for updates on releases!
Amy went into the library as if to show that she had no intention to answer. Sharelle followed behind quickly. She couldn’t hide her excitement.
“Hey! What are you thinking of doing? If it’s actually true, that’s great and all, but is that really what you were trying to say?”
“I don’t know! Just let them think however they like. Do they have nothing better to do? Whatever, I don’t have to worry about it after I enter the Advanced Class. Let them enjoy their childish jokes among themselves. It won’t matter to me soon enough.”
Shirone was so happy he felt lighter as he came down the library stairs. The ten days of torture were over. Honestly, he didn’t think things would end so soon. Starting tomorrow, he could go straight to the library without wasting time.
“Yay! I can read one more book!”
Shirone captured Amy’s heart. Such deluded schoolboys were looking at Shirone enviously as he hopped away in happiness.
11 P.M.
Amy closed the book and sighed.
She never thought studying was fun, but she liked it as much as she liked the library. Rather than hanging out with those who gossip about other people’s love affairs, or those who thought themselves more important than others, the library was a much better place.
Even though it neared midnight, the library was still packed with students. They didn’t care who dated who. They were racehorses running madly to achieve their dreams.
Through observing them, one would realize that indulging in miscellaneous thoughts was nothing but a waste of time.
But despite the fact Amy was not as much of a bookworm as them, she still ranked 1st in Class 4 and never even considered the possibility of being overthrown.
Sharelle, who was sitting next to her, turned her head.
“Huh? Why did you close the book? Are you leaving already?”
“Yeah. I have a lot on my mind today. I’ll just have a good night’s rest and get up about an hour early tomorrow.”
“Really? Then let’s go together.”
“No. You don’t have to leave early because of me. I’ll see you tomorrow.”
“Okay, then. See you. Make sure to get up early tomorrow.”
Amy smiled and packed her bag. During her 6 years in the academy, Sharelle Portrisse was her one and only friend. She was a chatterbox no different than any other kid her age, but she did her job as a student better than most. Her ranking in Class 4 was 6th from the top, so being placed in the Advanced class would not pose a problem.
Amy liked Sharelle, who was a respectful competitor who could enjoy and share a mature rivalry.
After encouraging her friend for a bit, Amy left the reading room.
Everyone except those on night duty got off work, so the hallway was quiet. Students came to the academy to achieve their dreams, but employees were just here for the job and to make money.
Amy descended down the stairs, stretching out her day’s fatigue. But suddenly, she saw someone standing in the dark stairway.
Pale face with large dark circles. Black hair covering the cheeks. Amy’s face wrinkled once when she identified who the person was.
It was Jake Ardius.
He was 2nd-class nobility, and the family head was the financial executor of the royal castle. It was known that the power his family held was no less than that of a 1st-class noble family. Perhaps it was because of the family head’s job.
Jake was arrogant and had a rough personality. But the main reason why Amy didn’t like him was because he was a student who had little to no talent. He never even put in any effort to try and compensate for it.
Although he was taking the same class as her, Jake had a long way to go before he could be placed in the Advanced class. Furthermore, there had been rumors that he was the president of a research group called ‘Black Magician’.
In Amy’s opinion, Black Magician was a group that researched how to bully students who were better than them.
Since they were not a research group approved by the school, they were not financially supported. Essentially, it was a dark circle in which kids who had an inferiority complex harassed students.
Of course, they did not openly pick a fight or extort money. Since most were children of high-class nobles, if they were to act like snotty, back alley kids, they would be immediately expelled.
Nevertheless, it was clear that some students in the group were active, seeing that rumors of students being attacked by Black Magician still existed.
“Amy, you finished early today. I was going to wait until midnight.”
“Why were you waiting for me? Don’t you have anything better to do?”
“Don’t be like that. I heard a rumor about you. You accepted a lowerclassman way below your level… Shirone was his name, right?”
Amy sighed, rubbing her forehead.
‘Is he sane? Out of all the places, he came to talk about such a pathetic thing in front of a library?’
Jake put forward his coffee with an overly cheesy smile. Amy could tell just by the smell. It was the civet coffee that was popular among the nobles.
“I even warmed it up. The Amy I know deserves this much. I can’t dirty your mouth with substandard coffee, right?”
Amy looked at the coffee and raised her head in absurdity.
“What are you doing?”
“As you can see, I’m courting you. You already know of my family’s power, and I’ll be the next in charge of the finances of the royal family after my father. Am I not the perfect man for you?”
“Sorry, but I don’t have private chats in the library. So you’re wrong to court me in such a place and time. Oh, but you forgot the most important thing… The fact that I hate you. Something like this better not happen again.”
Amy stepped aside and walked down the stairs. However, Jake placed his hand against the wall and blocked her way.
“What the hell are you doing?”
“I guess I’ve been too soft. I also have to consider my family’s reputation, so you coming out like this puts me in a very difficult position. Isn’t it the same for you? Aren’t you studying that much harder so as not to disgrace the Karmis family? Look, we’re concerned about the same thing.”
Amy snorted. No matter how prosperous the Ardius family was, the Karmis family was not one to be pushed around by small fry either. Most of all, she did not like Jake’s way of talking.
“Says the cheapskate that only counts money.”
“What?”
“To live while doing the things you want to do, that’s what my family always says. We are qualitatively different from people like you, who simply take great pride in counting money while acting as if it’s a big deal.”
His veins popped. A normal 1st-class noble would never insult him like this.
His father was a royal financial executor. The whole world begins and ends with money. It was Amy who was being immature.
“You think the Karmis family is that prestigious? Think about it. You’re only 1st-class in name only. How many people actually hold strong authority among those on active duty? My family can run circles around yours in terms of money. What do you think? Should we test it out if you don’t believe me?”
Amy felt Jake’s unpleasant energy and shuddered. He was the kind of man who would torment others forever if it was for his own sake. She finally realized why she was so uneasy and disturbed throughout the day. She let out a breath.
“Thanks to you I understand. I understand why I accepted that coffee.”
“What?”
“You’re different from Shirone. Simply put, you’re a coward.”
“HAHA! I’m more of a coward than that lousy bastard? Should we confirm that right now and see if it’s true or not?”
“You must be dying to do something, but if you’re going to do it, get on with it. Don’t waste my precious time just flapping your lips. You thought I’d get scared if you tensed your eyes a little and acted all scary? By you? A coward?”
Amy smacked away Jake’s mug. Expensive coffee splashed all over the wall, while the mug crashed down the stairs and shattered into pieces.
Join our discord for updates on releases!

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 24 - Cold Boy and Hot Girl (3) 6.txt
===============================
Chapter 24
Jake felt his blood start to boil. His hours of effort in waiting for Amy were slighted like this.
“How dare a bitch like you…! Keuk!”
He closed his mouth shut and cowered in fear. Amy had already entered the Spirit Zone. Most likely in the Target Form of the Four Way Formation.
“’How dare a bitch like you?’ To a guy who’s all bark and no bite, do I look that easy to you? If you’re that angry, why not just come at me? I’m willing to set you on fire right this instant.”
Jake ground his teeth. He was mistaken to think she was a model student who only devoted herself to studying. She used to also be a vicious girl who jumped from back alley to back alley.
“It’s against the rules to use magic at this time.”
“Wouldn’t you have used magic first? While warming up that civet cat or something.”
“You crazy! How is that the same as the Four Way Formation!”
“Haha!”
Amy couldn’t help but burst out laughing. At least he was only small fry. A small fry who gets scared once he finds out his opponent isn’t easy. Most of the men she met were like that.
“Do you know why I accepted Shirone’s coffee? Because he seems to take responsibility for everything. Unlike you, who immediately resorts to using his family, he does everything he can before resorting to those methods. If you don’t disappear from my sight, right now, I will set you on fire. I’ll burn you enough so that not even a trace of you will be left behind.”
Jake was certain. Those were not empty promises. The red eyes of the Karmis family, which he had only heard through rumors… Her large eyes were glowing red.
“If you kill me….”
“I don’t care. I can take responsibility for what I do or do not do.”
Jake clenched his teeth hard. He had never felt so humiliated before.
However, in front of the pressure of the red-eyed girl, the world’s #1 good-for-nothing boy named Jake, had no choice but to step back.
He was already overpowered by Amy’s Four Way Formation. In the hands of the first-placed student in Class 4, he knew she wasn’t bluffing when she said she could burn him to nothingness.
“You will definitely pay for this, you haughty bitch!”
Jake gritted his teeth and strode out of the library. It was only after he disappeared from view that her red eye lost its glow. Amy, who staggered for a moment, rubbed her eyes and muttered.
“So annoying. What a snob.”
Instead of being able to go back to her room to rest, she had to instead waste her time arguing with a bastard. That fact was unbearably irritating to her because she knew that once enough time had passed, they would resort to the same underhanded tricks again.
She could not understand why all the guys clinging to her were all so equally despicable like that trash. She wondered if there was something wrong with her personality.
A short laugh escaped from Amy.
“Well, it’s true that there’s something wrong with it.”
Amy suddenly felt sorry for Sirone.
Shirone, who had finally managed to escape Amy’s clutches, was happy. Studying became more enjoyable when he realized how precious that 1 hour Amy took away was.
He had to suffer from people’s attention thanks to the scandal with a girl from the academy who was known to have the highest standards, but no one cared as much in the library. Their eagerness to study was the driving force behind why the Alpheus Magic Academy was in the top 5.
Finished with today’s classes, Shirone was on his way to the library while humming a tune. Then he saw a familiar face near the instructor’s lodging.
It was Amy’s friend, Sharelle Portrisse. Shirone turned to the sight of her wandering around restlessly as if she was in a hurry to the bathroom.
Although they were only at a stage where they would greet each other during the integrated class, he personally found her amiable. Unlike Amy, who growled whenever he was in sight, she would always give words of support. Though, he still hasn’t figured out what she was rooting for.
When Sharelle found Shirone walking towards her, her eyes widened. Then her face turned pale and she started running to him.
“Hel—”
“Hey! What are you doing here right now?”
Sharelle grabbed Shirone by the collar and shook him.
“Why are you here? If I knew about this, I wouldn’t have sent Amy away!”
Shirone tilted his head. She should know that he goes straight to the library after class.
“What’s going on? You have to tell me so I know.”
“Read this! Did nothing really happen to you?”
Sharelle held out a crumpled paper. Shirone took it silently and unfolded it. It was a short warning message sent by a sender named Black Magician.
Join our discord for updates on releases!
30 minutes ago.
A guy blocked Amy and Sharelle’s path as they were on their way to the library.
He was a Class 5 student who was held back for a long time and was currently over the age of 23. A year ago, they knew his name because he was in the same class, but they never had a conversation with him because he had a sly personality.
“Hello, I see that you’re still on the roll.”
Amy snorted along at the way he cunningly came up to her in a polite manner.
“Get out of my way. I’m busy. I have nothing to say to you.”
“Ah, you can’t be like that. I was once your classmate, but can’t you give me some of your time?”
“Am I the only classmate you have? There should be at least a few hundred other students who have gone through Class 5, so search for another.”
Although they were respectful to him because of his age, they could not hold back their tongues. They did not like the guy. Being a Class 5 meant he was not completely talentless, but he was distracted by things. Why would she hold a conversation with a human dog who was complacent and touched female lowerclassmen?
“Haha! I see you still have that kind of attitude, Amy.”
Amy’s face darkened.
“What? What did you just say?”
She only treated him neutrally because of his age, but now he was trying to climb to the top of her head. However, just as Amy was about to burst, the guy calmly handed over a note.
“Boss wants to see you. You’d better do as you’re told if you don’t want us to torment your prince.”
“Prince? What are you talking about?”
Come and read on our website wuxia worldsite. Thanks
Amy frowned and read the note.
‘We have Shirone. Come to the 14th training ground by 6 o’clock before we do something to him you won’t like. If you let the teachers know, we’ll make you regret it for the rest of your life, you decide.
Black Magician’
She crumpled the note immediately.
“So what? Shirone has nothing to do with me. But let’s say he does have something to do with me, you think you can just start ordering me around?”
“Hoho, well that’s for you to decide. I’m just a messenger.”
The guy, who successfully completed his mission, put on a nasty smile and walked away.
Amy, whose anger soared to her head, threw the note to the floor. Sharelle picked up the note, her hands trembled after reading the contents.
Black Magician, an unidentified circle among students.
“Amy, what do we do? They are really evil. People say the reason Tyra dropped out last month was because of them.”
“Tyra did?”
Tyra, a classmate of Class 4, was not at the level of Advanced Class, but she was a talented student who maintained at least a moderate grade to be in the Intermediate Class. So if they had actually threatened her, they must have come at her using cowardly tactics.
“I should go for now. It’s because of me that Shirone was caught anyway.”
“Let’s just talk to the teachers. I’m worried about Shirone too, but it might also get dangerous for you.”
“Teachers? Hmm…”
Amy thought it over. Despite the bad blood between them, Shirone had a secret… Which was that he wasn’t exactly of nobility.
‘If this incident grows, rumors will spread throughout the academy, and Shirone’s school life may come to an end.’
She was sure because she knew how the nobles felt towards anyone not of nobility.
“I’ll go first. If I don’t come back by 7 o’clock, then don’t hesitate to report to the teachers.”
“What do you mean? We need to tell them right away”
“Sorry. There’s a reason why I’m doing this. I’ll tell you everything when I get back, okay?”
When the always-so-confident Amy asked in this way, Sharelle did not know what to do. It was her first time ever seeing Amy like this.
“Then let’s go together. We don’t know how many there will be.”
“You should stay and get ready to call the teachers. Don’t worry. Maybe the leader is Jake. He can’t do anything to me with that thing he calls his talent.”
Sharelle knew Amy’s brilliance better than anyone else. Although it was blocked by the barrier of the Advanced Class, the gap in the level between her and the rest of Class 4 was wide. Amy was a talented person who never lost her place as the lead.
“Okay, it’s exactly one hour. If you don’t come back by 7 o’clock sharp, I’m going to tell the teachers.”
“Okay, I trust you. And don’t worry, I’ll come back safe and sound.”
Upon hearing the whole story from Sharelle, Shirone was bewildered. It was surprising enough that an unruly circle called the Black Magician existed, but to hear that Amy took the risk for him… That’s what truly surprised him.
“You’re saying she went because of me, right? So why are you standing here, doing nothing?”
“I don’t know either! Amy told me to wait no matter what. Why the hell are you here?!”
Shirone could somewhat understand. This one-hour delay was only placed because she was confident that she could solve it herself. Also, another reason for her action was her consideration in hopes to keep his secret. It was an excellent decision to leave her friend, Sharelle, as a messenger.
“I have to go! Please do as Amy said.”
Shirone ran to the 14th training ground. There were 30 minutes left until 7 o’clock, but the distance was a problem. The 14th training ground was located deep in the mountains because it was a place for actual, real-life combat.
At that moment, the landscape suddenly shook and buildings quickly began to be pushed back in an instant. When he turned his head, he saw Sharelle hugging his side.
” You’re running? How long do you think that’s gonna take? Also, I’m going with you.”
It was short-distance teleportation, a mage’s essential magic. It was prohibited to use it on campus because collisions between the teleporters could occur, but it was not the time to be thinking about that.
The students looked up as they heard the popping noises coming from the sound waves. Sharelle, who was holding Shirone, started teleporting away to the mountain, flashing at intervals of 10 meters each time.
Arriving at the entrance of the mountain, the two quickly climbed the mountain. Teleportation was extremely dangerous as one needed to be extremely precise because one could teleport into an object and die.
They arrived at the 14th training ground before 7 o’clock. But Amy was not in sight. In fact, they couldn’t even feel any existences nearby.
“Amy! Amy! What happened?! Are you here?!”
“Maybe they took her somewhere else. I’m sure they took into account the possibility of someone reporting to the teachers since the location was exposed on the note. Or maybe we were fooled?”
“What now, what about Amy?”
Realizing the meticulousness of Black Magician, Shirone was convinced. They were really going to cause a huge problem this time around.
“Go down the mountain now and tell the teachers. You can go much faster without me.”
“Amy told me to wait until 7 o’clock. She said there was a reason. What if Amy gets disappointed later?”
“And that reason is because of me, so just go! Quick! It doesn’t matter because I said I’m fine!”
Sharelle had a blank expression. She remembered the desperate face Amy had when she read the letter.
“Really? What’s going on with the two of you? Are you guys really not dating behind my back?”
“Is this really the time? Things will get dangerous if we waste any more time!”
“Ah, right! Okay! Stay here and don’t go anywhere!”
Sharelle turned and went back the way they came. Anyway, there was no reason not to report to the teachers since telling them wouldn’t harm Amy in any way.
Shirone went into the mountains to search for Amy. Unlike those of nobility, he spent half his life in the mountains, so the dense forest was rather familiar.
His Spirit Zone was expanded as much as possible to check for any traces of Amy. After about 10 minutes of climbing the mountain, the first footstep was finally discovered through synesthesia.
‘They’re here!’
But there were no further traces. Based on how the bushes were trampled, he guessed that they flew into the sky.
Since Shirone didn’t know any magic, there was no way for him to find Amy. Worried and troubled, Shirone wandered around for a long time. Then at one point, a sound wave exploded in the sky. Shirone turned his head fast to the source of the sound.
Join our discord for updates on releases!

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 25 - Cold Boy and Hot Girl (4) 8.txt
===============================
Chapter 25
BOOOOOOM!
Black smoke rose from Amy’s face. However, if one looked closely, one could observe that there was a gap the size of a finger protecting her from the attack. It was a magic spell called Air Shield. It compressed air in order to create a barrier.
“A surprise attack as soon as the meeting place changed. I see you’re still the same petty person from before.”
Amy raised herself from where she landed and looked back. The man who gave her the note stood with a fishy smile.
“Hoho, I myself have a lot of pent-up anger because of you. If you had just obediently let me, I would have had the honor of having the famous Amy’s first kiss.”
“Your tongue is as dirty as you are. But that’s not why I’m here. Where is Shirone?”
Five people fell from the sky, circling Amy. Among them was Jake, the leader of Black Magician. Looking around, he said as if he found it really surprising.
“You really came alone. Is he that precious to you that you’d put yourself in harm’s way?”
“What nonsense. I alone am enough to handle all of you. I’m asking again, where is Shirone?”
“Hahaha! That feeble bastard is probably in the library, completely unaware as to what his girl will be experiencing from this point on.”
Amy finally realized that she had been tricked. But to her, this was the better outcome. She was confident that, without hostages holding her back, the scoundrels would not be able to touch a single hair of hers.
“Calling me out means you’re ready to die, correct?”
“How confident. But did you really think we’d come here unprepared? If you look at the list of guys who looked down on Black Magician… You’d notice that most of them were beaten half to death.”
‘There’s a limit as to how far his intellect can drop. He babbles too much.’
Amy entered the Spirit Zone. When the shape was transformed into the Target Form of the Four Way Formation, Jake, remembering last night’s incident, immediately moved to cast it as well.
However, the cost of being one step behind and missing a preemptive attack was huge. Amy ignored Jake and went after the members behind him.
The men hurriedly flew away when she cast consecutive Fire Strikes, her special skill. Since strike type added physical force to magic, Air Shield alone was not enough to block it.
Amy quickly rotated her Spirit Zone to aim at the target. However, humans were quite unpredictable, so it was not possible to achieve 100 percent accuracy like during practice. Every time the Spirit Zone rotated or did a reverse rotation, her head throbbed.
Jake manipulated the wind and soared into the sky. If Amy’s specialty was fire, Jake’s was wind. After all, in face-to-face combat, one lethal move would determine the outcome. When he cast the magic he was most confident in, Windcutter, a sharp wind slashed through the air.
Amy didn’t sense the magic approach. The cross-shaped Target Form could dramatically increase the range, but it was bound to be weak in defense compared to the sphere form. In particular, the cross-shaped target form was weak to air magic.
Amy sensed Windcutter penetrating her Spirit Zone and immediately moved her body. However, by the time she moved, it was already less than a meter away.
The moment Black Magician was about to celebrate in delight, her body twisted so quickly that she could not be seen. The Windcutter brushed past her red hair, freaking out Jake.
“What? How did she…?”
“It’s called Schema, you bastards.”
Amy raised the cross-shaped Target Form at an angle. Seeing this, Jake hurriedly tried to flee, but her targeting speed was the best in the Intermediate class.
“Fire Strike.”
A fireball the size of a cannonball was fired. Thinking it was impossible to avoid, Jake wrapped himself in an Air Suit, a higher-level air-type magic.
Jake, who was hit by the Fire Strike, crashed to the ground with a loud bang.
“ARGHH! That bitch!”
He got up and glared at Amy. The fire continued to blaze on his Air Suit as the flames sucked in oxygen from it. With his whole body covered in flames, he looked like a demon. Jake detonated his Air Suit and the flames came down like petals. However, because the physical force of the strike had already made its mark, his stomach was damaged.
“I’ll kill you!”
“Hohoho! Did you actually think you could defeat me with your meager level of skill? You’re far from moving up, let alone graduating. You’re at the perfect level to fail. You should be focused on your studies, not on girls, you dipshit!
Amy, the genius of the Karmis family. Indeed, the difference in their skills was as vast as their fame.
But then suddenly, Jake smiled wickedly.
“I doubt that. Your reign of terror ends here.”
As if to prove that he wasn’t bluffing, members of Black Magician held out their hands at the same time. Then Amy’s face paled. It was a strange sensation that she had never encountered before. Something had entered her mind and was messing with it.
Amy glared at Jake with anger.
“This is… Anti-Magic?”
“Hahaha! Are you surprised? This is the Black Magician’s specialty. It’s also the magic that sends countless talents back home.”
“How crude!”
It really was a cheap shot. Anti-magic, it was a magic prohibited in the academy due to the dangers it brought. It was the Achilles Heel of all mages.
Five resonance waves messed up Amy’s Spirit Zone. It felt like someone gripped her head and was shaking it like crazy.
Amy knelt down, unable to hold on. If she kept staying in the Zone any longer, she felt she’d go crazy.
With a victor’s smile on his face, Jake cast Air Chain. Chains made of air wrapped around Amy’s limbs and lifted her up.
Trapped and unable to move, Amy struggled with all her might. However, it was a binding force that could not be escaped, even after she activated Schema.
Join our discord for updates on releases!
“Heh, I finally got you. The feisty female kitten.”
Jake pulled out a pocket knife.
“Well, well, well. Now, what should I do with you? For your information, I still remember what you did a few days ago. I’m in the mood to commit something.”
“I’m warning you, if you put even a single scratch on me, you won’t be safe.”
“PUHAHAHA! Is the great Amy calling forth her family now that she’s cornered? I told you so, we’re all the same. After all, without you’re family, you’re just a bitch who can’t do anything.”
“Don’t place me on the same level as scum like you, I’m pretty sure I told you this, too. I’ll make sure to get rid of you with my own hands.”
Jake’s eyes were filled with hatred. Even in this situation, her attitude of not swallowing her pride was pissing him off. The hand that held the knife trembled as if it was about to stab something.
“You’re not exactly in a position to talk like that right now. Do you want me to ‘scribble’ on your face? I’m sure there’d be no one who’d bother to follow you around if you become an ugly bitch.”
Amy became slightly afraid after seeing Jake’s abnormal eyes. They held an inferiority that had no bounds. He really meant every word.
Come and read on our website wuxia worldsite. Thanks
Jake grabbed the blade with his other hand. Although he wasn’t skillful in fire magic, he knew enough to easily heat the knife. The knife started to glow red.
“Let’s do this. The arrogant Amy ruined her eyes while researching magic by herself. She dropped out of the academy and forever lived on as a loser. How’s that? Amazing scenario, is it not?”
The blade seemed like it would drip molten iron at any moment. A sudden shove to her head made Amy turn. Her burning hair crackled and popped.
“Oho! So there are times when Amy gets scared, too. I’ll give you one last chance. Beg me to let you off this once. Even better if you shed tears. Then, if you promise to leave the academy, I won’t burn off your eyes.”
Amy realized why Tyra dropped out.
They did this simply because they were inferior. Simply because they were upset and offended. Karmis’ red eyes filled with anger and glowed red.
“Do it if you can. But don’t ever think you’ll get away with it.”
Jake smirked. He’d heard that kind of promise more than once. All Nobles were unyielding. However, the moment a blade is pointed their way, they’d shout and beg for mercy like any other human.
The bigger their self-esteem, the harder it was for them to recover once it was broken. Watching the students leave the academy like that, Jake soothed his feelings of inferiority.
“Well then, shall we get started?”
The pocket knife slowly approached Amy’s left eye. Amy was determined to endure it. However, when she felt the scorching heat nearing her skin, she was forced to close her eyelids tight.
“Stop, you sick bastards!”
A sudden shout made the Black Magician jump. Seeing Shirone who was huffing with a clenched fist, Amy opened her eyes wide. Jake also turned around with a startled expression, as if he didn’t expect him to actually face them.
“Aha! The knight in shining armor has made his appearance! That’s too bad, your girl would have surprised you with a new appearance if you’d arrived just a bit later.”
“What are you trying to do to her?”
“Who knows! What was I going to do? Why not ask your lover yourself?”
“You dimwit! You can’t come here alone!”
Amy shouted. Yet Shirone was more stunned by the situation in front of him than by her words.
Older students were surrounding a girl who had her limbs shackled. And if that alone was not enough, the rascal, Jake, was wielding a red-hot pocket knife.
‘Because of me….’
For the first time in his life, Shirone felt an intense wrath bubble up inside him. Picking up a tree branch from the ground, he hollered!
“Let her go! If you don’t, I won’t let you off easy!”
“PUHAHAHA! Did you hear that? What can you possibly do with that piece of wood?”
Irrespective of Jake’s mocking laughter, Shirone rushed straight at them. He was confident in his skill in close-quarters combat. After all, he was the person who had defeated Rian in a swordsmanship match. After calculating it in his head, he knew he could buy enough time for the teachers to arrive.
“Here I come!”
“Guys, he says he’s coming. Open a path for him.”
No one moved when Shirone came running. Rather, they smiled tauntingly, as if wanting for him to come closer.
By the time he realized something was amiss, it was too late. Shirone’s mind shook as if he had been hit on the head with a hammer.
“Keuk!”
“You stupid! Get rid of your Spirit Zone! It’s Anti-Magic!”
Anti-Magic? Shirone finally realized what was happening. He realized how Amy, who securely held her place as the first in Class 4, was caught by these rascals.
It was truly a tremendous shock and vibration. The resonance wave caused by the five people shook his mind.
Shirone raised his head. Colors smeared and shuffled around as if the world had been dunked underwater. But he couldn’t give up here. Holding onto his distant consciousness, Shirone slowly, but surely walked.
“Amy, I’m gonna save you now.”
“I told you to stop! You’ll never be able to cast magic for the rest of your life! You’ll become a cripple!”
“Because of me… This happened.….”
“Get rid of your Spirit Zone! Quickly!”
She knew Shirone was in a state where he couldn’t hear, but all she could do was shout. With every step he took, she felt her tears start to well up more and more.
Shirone clenched his teeth hard and kept up his Spirit Zone.
‘No! I have to hang on! I need more frames!’
Responding to his strong will, his Spirit Zone gradually began to change into the Defensive Form of the Four Way Formation. This time, it was the Black Magician’s turn to be dismayed. Casting Anti-Magic was not an easy feat, but maintaining it against a strong force was even harder. They felt as if they were being crushed by a boulder.
“Wh-What?! What’s going on?! ”
Shirone extended his Spirit Zone to the max. It was shaking precariously like dew on a leaf, but he continued to press on.
‘I have to push even harder! So stable that it can’t collapse! So hard that it can’t be destroyed!’
Finally, as the frames started to connect, Shirone’s Spirit Zone regained stability. Then, like a domino game, one after the other, members of the Black Magician wailed in pain.
“Keuk! What’s happening?! My head’s pounding!”
At that moment Shirone’s eyes lit up. As the Four Way Formation’s Defense Form was completed to perfection, the huge sphere was tightened into a cube. The pain caused by the Anti-Magic disappeared, while a feeling of sturdiness flooded in. Shirone felt like he could crush even diamond.
“ARRGHHHHH!”
The five who cast the Anti-Magic collapsed, screaming. They felt as if they were being crushed by something. They couldn’t even lift a finger and were bleeding from the nose.
This was why the academy banned the use of Anti-Magic. If one didn’t cultivate the mind enough, Anti-Magic was a poison that destroyed the mind.
Amy was shocked to see the tossing and turning Black Magicians. Five Anti-Magic casters were crushed by one brand-new class-7 student…
Shirone felt as if a small lizard was under the soles of his feet. He felt a wiggling sensation in his mind, but that was all. And as time passed, even such resistance faded. They released the Anti-Magic right as their minds were about to collapse.
Amy burned the air chain with fire magic and landed on the floor. Through her own Spirit Zone, Amy could feel the shape Shirone’s Spirit Zone was in. It was extremely cold, hard, and heavy.
‘No way. How is this possible…’
Shirone still had fierce eyes. When he took a step forward, Jake stepped back unknowingly. It was the result of his instinct that didn’t want to bump into Shirone’s Spirit Zone.
However, the 15-meter-diameter Spirit Zone could not be avoided by taking a step back. Eventually, their two Spirit Zones overlapped, and Jake asked with a stricken look.
“You…Who the hell are you?”
It was something beyond belief… But a Spirit Zone’s synesthesia didn’t lie. A huge cube comprised of 88 sides was surrounding Shirone.
Join our discord for updates on releases!

=============XXXXX=============

