===============================
Chapter - 1126 - Trigger (3).txt
===============================
trigger (3)
Ashur is back again.
The two-dimensional form trapped in the transparent panel materialized at the same time as the glass plate was broken.
“Ikael!”
He immediately drew his sword and prepared to fight, but the situation was different from what he expected.
‘what happened……
The bodies of the angels were emitting black smoke as if they had been heated by fire.
Shirone was the first to see it, but Ashur paid attention to the flame woman next to Ikael.
‘Amy.’
The fact that the conceptual angels were burned means that the firepower that transcends the phenomena worked.
‘Idea of fire.’
As far as Ashur knew, the only being who had reached that level was Anke Ra, the incarnation of the sun.
‘You swallowed that dream.’
Recalling how Amy had been helped by Buddha, Ashur had a rough idea of the situation.
‘She too has reached the end. Then no angel would be able to approach her.’
Because all angels are born of the sun.
The flames disappeared from Amy’s body, and she gasped for breath as she regained her human body.
“Whoa.”
During complete combustion, they were invincible, but after the lights went out, the aftermath was severe.
Shirone approached by teleportation.
“Amy, are you okay?”
Instead of answering, Amy’s eyes, which smiled, contained a little delight.
‘It’s definitely tremendous power.’
Shirone also had a history of blowing away angels with the Hand of God, but this time it was on a different level.
‘Idea is the essence. Nothing Amy can’t burn won’t exist.’
“Shirone-sama.”
Shirone asked as Ashur approached.
“What happened to Wizard?”
“Contacted with subject. He asked me to leave it to him. It should have been settled by now.”
It was a fight with Satan.
“okay.”
I’d be lying if I said I wasn’t worried, but I didn’t train her weak enough to be treated like a child.
‘I have no choice but to trust the wizard now.’
At that moment, Satiel’s voice was heard from afar.
“Uriel.”
Then, a shockwave rushed in, and Satiel, who grabbed Yuriel by the neck, flew out.
“Don’t disturb me! Even you are destroyed… … !”
Satiel, who had been hit in the face by the goon of paradise, flew off to the side without being able to finish his words.
With her fingers 20 meters away, she crouched, baring her teeth.
“you… …
Ikael said.
“Stop it.”
As it had been for a very long time, there was a special resonance in her voice.
“This is not the time to fight like this. The world is coming to an end. We must prepare for the end.”
“It’s all because of you!”
Satiel kicked off the ground and lunged forward, punching Ichael.
“The subject of betraying an angel!”
As Ikael grabbed her hand, the law halo nostalgia kicked off.
“die!”
When the power of disintegration disintegrated the palm of my hand like sand, Ikael spread the asteroid.
“Ataraxia.”
As her presence amplified, even Satiel’s nostalgia faded and weakened.
“Keugh!”
Even so, Satiel did not back down.
“Ikael, you hypocrite. You just need our strength. For Shirone’s sake.”
“It could be.”
“You betrayed us! so… …
“But isn’t it the same for you?”
The moment he saw Ikael’s cold eyes, Satiel instinctively shut up.
“Because there are no more guffins.”
“… … What are you talking about?”
“No matter what means we can’t meet, the only thing left is your memories.”
Satiel’s teeth gnashed.
“Because if I quench the anger that burns now, I won’t be able to feel him anymore.”
“Doc… … Hit it.”
“Isn’t that why we fight?”
“Kill!”
The moment the archangel’s command was given, all the ordinary angels prepared for extinction and flew away.
While Shirone was blocking Ikael, Uriel rushed towards the ordinary angels.
“Ragnarok.”
The moment the Geon of Paradise struck the ground, a huge white electricity ascended to heaven as if it were flowing backwards.
The roar was not a problem, but the angels were frozen by the shock wave that shook the planet.
Ikael murmured with a surprised expression.
“Yuriel”
“Don’t get me wrong.”
Still blocking the way of the angels, he gently turned his head.
“Isn’t this a decision for you? If there is such a thing as a heart, it must be the intent to kill… …
strange
Being able to destroy everything in the world, being an existence that cannot be touched even more.
‘It’s easy to destroy Ikael.’
The only question was whether she could handle herself after being destroyed.
Then all the angels turned their heads.
“huh?”
Then Ashur realized, and the next moment, the humans Amy and Shirone realized.
“Something is coming.”
What is clear is that it is not material.
‘What a feeling.’
An eerie feeling was creeping in.
The 12th palace of the zodiac.
The astrologers looked at the mechanism floating above the pentagram drawn on the floor.
‘It’s grievous.’
That the essence of the world is contained in metal.
Kitra, King of Paras, gave instructions while emitting a brilliant blue light from his eyes.
“Welcome to the new world.”
Having been baptized with phosphorus at the Pyramid of Truth, he saw the essence of God, albeit for a moment.
When I came to my senses, I was outside the pyramid, and my emotional illness had completely improved.
“Causes are meaningless.”
In addition to Kitra, those who have been in contact with the Pyramid of Truth have been spread all over the world.
“Giant Coordination.”
If reset means system initialization, grand adjustment is to change the system itself.
What happened as a result… … .
The ground shook.
Shirone looked at the pyramid structure rising over the horizon.
“That… … what?”
It was huge enough to compare with the Pyramid of Truth in Paras.
“Shirone!”
Ikael shouted.
“The time waves keep coming. It is changing the laws of this world.”
“Seeing through time’?”
It was the reason the angels first realized it.
“There are things like that being built all over the world. I can’t look down at them all, but there are already more than eight.”
Shirone bit his lip.
‘Ultra-ancient civilization.’
Evidence of the outside world created at a time when nothing existed in the universe.
‘Are you directly intervening? For what?’
While Shirone was lost in thought, ordinary angels flocked to Satiel.
“Archangel, what the heck is that… … ?” Satiel was silent.
Even the archangels had no information about being established before they existed.
‘No, even if I knew it would be the same.’
This is because Oparts disturb the information of all approaching beings with a magnetic field.
“What is it about to happen?” The 12th palace of the zodiac reported.
“majesty! You have entered your coordinates. Hey, once you change your destiny, you can’t go back.”
The reason I bothered to say it was because even the astrologers were terrified.
‘It’s crazy. It’s a matter of a different level than the world’s leading country, or the destruction of mankind.’
The world I knew so far disappears.
“Do it.”
“Huh.”
Some astrologers shed tears in sheer fear, but Kitra remained calm.
‘If only I could become a god.’ It doesn’t matter if your head is flying.
“Giant Coordination.”
As the astrologers operated the machine, the sphere’s metal began to spin rapidly.
Blue light exploded from Kitra’s eyes.
“Oooh!”
It seemed that something hazy shimmered through the veil of vision that had all turned pale.
‘Dear God.’ The angels were intent on observing the state of the world by looking down.
‘This makes no sense.’
In the area where the pyramid was built, the topography was completely changed and no life was seen.
“Shirone, it’s not serious. Right Now… …
Just as Ikael was about to speak, the nearest pyramid was engulfed in electricity.
“Great!”
The heavenly body of the angels shook violently, and finally someone screamed.
“Kyaaaaaa!”
pop! pop! pop! pop!
The angels whose starlight exploded began to fall to the floor like a puppet with a thread cut off.
The angels’ faces turned pale, and Shirone met Ikael’s eyes.
‘no way?’
pop! pop! pop! pop!
With half of the angels already fallen, Satiel bit her lip.
“Chief Angel! omg!”
When the star of the angel next to me exploded, my shoulders unknowingly moved.
‘Is it the end?’
The chain reaction of the explosion skipped Satiel and led to the angel on the other side.
like that… … .
” entire?”
The ordinary angels disappeared, and only Satiel, Ikael, and Uriel were left.
‘Why do we stay? Because he’s an archangel?’
Of course, that thought would come first, but Shirone shook her head slowly.
‘No, that doesn’t matter.’
Searching the Pyramid of Truth, Shirone found out the identity of the characters engraved on the wall.
‘Everyone said they were angels. Then even if he is an archangel, he cannot escape. They have something in common.’
mind.
Unable to think of anything else, Satiel clenched his fists and shouted.
“Nonsense!”
It was the height of misery to see the angels who rule the world spread out on the floor helplessly.
“How could this be? Angels… …
At that moment, a flash of light flew in front of her, and Rayel, the archangel of light, landed.
“Satiel, the law is changing.” As the system changes, the definition of certain concepts will also change.
“The concept of angels has lost its absoluteness. It was downgraded to human status. Judging from the periodicity of the time waves, we will not be able to avoid it in the end.”
Satiel looked at the ordinary angels.
Although still breathing, the asteroid, a symbol of nobility, was nowhere to be seen.
Her gaze turned to the pyramid.
‘What the hell is that?’
The gigantic structure containing electricity looked like it would do something sooner or later.
“What are you going to do?”
“I can make it on time. Come with me. It needs to be addressed before it loses its status.”
Satiel immediately understood.
‘damn.’
I want to punish Ikael right now, but right now, even her existence is in jeopardy.
“Hey, it’s better. Think of it as a punishment for you. To become a person I love so much.”
Ikael, whose energy from the Astral Light had become much weaker than before, just kept his mouth shut.
“Let’s go, Rayel.”
As soon as Satiel finished speaking, Rayel activated the Judicial Halo Accelerator.
Uriel murmured as he followed their traces as they disappeared at the speed of light.
“Human.”
It was a terrible thing that he had never thought of before, but his heart trembled strangely.
‘Not bad.’
He turned to Ikael.
“What shall I do? Satiel doesn’t seem to like this situation.”
Amy asked.
“Where did Rayel go?”
“It is the sun.”
“sun? therefore… … You mean that?”
As Amy pointed to the sun in the sky, Ikael nodded.
“yes. Humans are born on planets, but angels are born on the sun. We are conceptual bodies. It is because the signals of light are condensed and materialized.”
Shirone said.
“Raiel will be there in 10 minutes. It’s not a problem to follow, but… …
Can the human body withstand it?
“Hmm, that’s right.”
As if to dispel Syrone’s worries, Amy’s body burned again with flames.

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 1127 - Trigger (4).txt
===============================
trigger (4)
“What is going on?”
Leupist and Fleur left the meeting room of the dragon and froze in front of the hallway window.
A gigantic pyramid rises vaguely over the horizon.
Even if it was built with modern technology, it would take several years to build a structure.
‘It’s impossible.’
It didn’t make sense that something like that was built in a split second.
Shirone came running.
“Mr. Lufist.”
He was the one who triggered a simultaneous incident at the Delta headquarters after Ikael and his party left for the sun.
There was some kind of agreement that Shirone didn’t know about, but they didn’t show it.
Fleur asked.
“What is that?”
“It seems to have moved from the Kingdom of Paras. maybe… … It must be a structure of a super-ancient civilization.”
Lufist’s expression became serious.
“I know it was built with direct intervention from the outside world. Why now?”
“Ultra-ancient civilizations existed before human history. It’s just a guess, but I think it’s a gateway to the outside world. Sooner or later, the world system will change.”
Shirone spoke of the condition of the angels.
“Angels with hearts have not changed. That doesn’t mean it’s harmful to humans right away.”
“It may be, but the wavelength is big. Above all, it will intensify over time.”
Delta’s management approached.
“The temple emergency meeting begins. It is a message that the representatives of each country must quickly gather at the headquarters.”
Other countries also seemed to be disturbed by the current state of affairs.
‘Kitra will come too.’
Rufist said.
“egg plant. Because something will come out It would be better to listen and respond.”
“You go first.”
Luffist turned his head at the unexpected remark, but Shirone kept his mouth shut.
‘Wizard.’
It should have been settled in some way by now, but it was strange that it was so quiet.
“I have a place to stop by.”
As Shirone ran down the hallway, Rufist and Fleur looked at each other.
“You didn’t notice, did you?”
“yes.”
It’ll be a matter of time anyway.
At the place where he fought against Havitz, Wizard was lost in thought for a long time.
As the tears dried up, she slowly raised her hands and grabbed her neck.
” also.”
dying is right
There was no way he could face Habits again with his already broken spirit.
As my grip tightened and my brain was cut off from oxygen, the scenery shimmered.
Her face flushed red, but her expression did not change.
‘I’m not afraid of dying.’
What was truly terrifying was Shirone’s face as she looked down at her corpse in a pitiful way.
‘I’m sorry, brother.’
Though consciousness faded and death was imminent, my mind gradually became at ease.
It must be because he has carried a lot of things on his back.
“Black. Black.”
Tears flowed.
‘I’m going to die.’
It was better to meet him as a corpse than to disappoint Shirone and be alive.
‘little bit more.’
By the time my mind convulsed from the shock and I can’t even feel the pain anymore… … .
“Ahhh.”
Wizard finally let go.
– Promise me one thing.
Shirone said.
-Do whatever you want. If you think so, I will support you. but… … .
You should never think it’s impossible.
“sorry. sorry… …
We have to fight.
The destiny given to oneself, the genius talent exists only for that.
Holding on to his wobbly legs, Wizard stood up.
‘Kill Habits.’
Now I can’t look at it indifferently, but I’ve come to understand Harvits to that extent.
‘It just needs to be killed.’
Also, that was the way the Gustav 4th class was aiming for Habitz.
“Havitz cannot be killed.”
Balkan said.
“Because the case of killing Havitz does not happen. Therefore, in order to kill Habitz… …
Zetaro said.
“It means you shouldn’t kill me.”
“okay. It’s a contradiction, but as long as we like Harvitz, we can still access it.”
Natasha asked.
“What about vanishing?”
“Certainly, it is difficult to expect purity from us. But that’s what I’m saying because I don’t know Harvits well.”
Sumodo said.
“There is no way to prevent burnishing, but you can just make it not trigger, are you saying this?”
Although it is also contradictory.
“The first thing I realized was when I married Abella. The first night she tied Havitz to the bed.”
Jetaro also recalled that time.
“You found out about the assassination plan belatedly and went to Havitz’s room. It was close.”
“No, it was already too late. If Abella had stabbed <Law Kill>, Havits would have died. But at that time, Harvits…”
I told Vulcan to get out.
“Everything is just a joke. Regarding the death that strikes favorably, Havitz seems to be expecting it. Even your own death must be interesting.”
Sumodo said.
“It sounds easy, but in practice it is difficult. It is not human to have a state of mind that can maintain such a contradiction.”
“Or the truth.”
Vulcan turned his head.
“Yes, you.”
The eyes of the three turned to Zetaro.
Havitz muttered as he walked through the woods.
“It’s chewy.”
He is the only one who has committed all the evil things in the world that he has not experienced.
‘To die.’
Ten shadows formed under his feet, and Shiok reappeared.
“Satan, did you call?”
They still thought they had to kill wizards, but fanatics couldn’t be dissatisfied with God.
“Two people are missing. My teeth are out.”
“sorry.”
Currently, 4 o’clock and 12 o’clock are dead.
However, it is only from the human point of view, and the concept does not disappear from the point of view of God.
“Choose quickly.”
It’s not something that can be done by accelerating, but Harvits wanted to play properly.
“All right.”
Shi Ok.
It was the only 12 seats where you could go back and forth between reality and hell while the psychic realm was closed.
In the deep caves of the other world.
Ethella was asleep as if she were dead as she turned to face the darkness.
I asked countless times about the purification time.
87 year 2,875… … .
The moment she listened to the seventh longest time since the Underworld existed, she collapsed.
‘I’d rather die.’
Even in her sleep, she longed for it.
If you close your eyes and forget yourself like this, you don’t want to wake up forever.
“flaw “
I was tired of even sleeping, and when I realized the reality, clear tears flowed down my face.
Chagall, who is connected by the Taegeuk chain, leaned against the wall of the cave and was lost in thought.
The time was so full and overflowing.
‘Captain.’
The leader of the circus troupe, Raiden.
He killed Tia, the only one he loved, and Chagall had driven a dagger into Raiden’s body.
‘It’s all lies?’
The Leaf Circus has never existed in the world.
‘No, is that so?’
After falling into hell and reaching this point, I suddenly had a thought.
‘Then what’s real?’
Do people other than yourself live with the real thing in their memories?
His gaze turned to Ethella.
‘Tia.’
She was lying on her back, so she couldn’t see her face, but to Chagall, she was Tia.
‘Because I think so.’
In fact, I didn’t even know Tia’s face or who she was.
“Tia.”
Ethella’s shoulders twitched at Chagall’s voice, but there was no further movement.
The chain coldly scratched the floor, and he crawled like a beast and climbed on top of Ethella.
Always the same actions, same days.
The chains of the Taegeuk made each other’s feelings terrifyingly their own.
As shame, resentment, pleasure and anger mix, they eventually become unaware of anything.
A vortex of yin and yang.
Ryan asked.
“Perm minerality?”
“huh. I’m thinking of attacking the Demon Realm through the voice. Theoretically possible, but I don’t know how effective it will be.”
“You’re poisonous.”
Jin Kang’s determination.
“Even if you succeed, your voice will not become free. Even if the body disappears, the spirit remains. Even though Jin Kang knows that, he wants revenge.”
Lian, who was lost in thought with a bitter expression, turned to Shirone.
“You’re not going to let it go? now i have If the karma of the voice is purified by the fire of Gehenna… …
“Even so, I can’t bring you to reality. The only way is to use Shiok.” 12 fanatics who create gaps in time.
“The number 12 in the law means awareness. It means that humans divide the whole into 12 parts and accept them. 12 Hours, 12 Constellations, 12 Apostles, and Shiok. It’s not all a coincidence. Even if Shiok is dead, that concept will be replaced by someone.”
“It means putting Jin Seong Eum in place of the Si Ok. but… … Where can I meet you?”
Richera, the face of a murderer hanging from Son Yoo-jung’s waist, showed interest.
“Probably at the system control branch of the chemical company.”
Everyone’s eyes turned there.
“System control branch?”
“Oh, I’ve heard of it. Those who fall alive into hell are captured by the Black Seung. But, unusually, they say that the elite selected by Satan go there.”
“Elite.”
Shirone rested her chin.
“Those who fell for Satan’s temptations. Then Mortasinger will be there too.”
It was the reason Son Yu-jeong, who was ranked 10th in the order of the Ten Commandments, came down to the human world along with Ikael.
“Mortasinger?” Son Yoo-jung grabbed Richera’s hair and lifted it up.
“Where are you now?”
“No, that’s why, when asked where it is, “Daughter, answer me!”
Grabbing the chain and turning it quickly, Richera’s spittle spewed out in a ring.
“Aww! I do not know either! It’s only in Hell West! I’m not even sure!”
Shirone said.
“stop.”
“you idiot! What do you know?”
When Son Yoo-jung did not listen, Shirone spoke again with sincerity.
“Stop.”
Son Yu-jeong’s eyes widened as the long orphan hung on her neck and tightened.
“Haaaaa!”
Kneeling in that state, she looked back at Shirone with a worldly expression.
“huh?”
She also turned her gaze to the distant mountains at the energy that she felt only after coming to her senses.
Shirone’s expression became serious.
“Lian.”
“Okay, what is that?”
Unspeakable in a cave in the mountains
A strange energy shimmered like a haze.
“Hey?????
Son Yu-jung pursed her lips and stood up as if she had never done that, and Shirone gave an order.
“Let’s go.”
When I cast space movement and landed in front of the cave, I heard moaning in the dark.
It was a man and a woman.
‘Shining.’
I floated a sphere of light in my palm and moved forward about 30 meters before I saw a blurry silhouette.
A familiar face.
“Teacher Ethella?”
If it was a beautiful relationship, Ethella wouldn’t be crying, so Lian grasped the situation.
“Such rubbish… …
Chagall turned his head as he kicked off the ground immediately after taking out his great sword.
He drew his body like a beast and instinctively raised both arms, and rapid-fire swords poured out from behind.
Son Yu-jung opened her mouth in a daze.
‘Wow, what a life… …
Dozens of daggers flew at the same time, but Lian did not back down.
“Huh!”
After deflecting the dagger with a single swing, he pushed the wide side of the sword as a shield.
“uh?”
At that moment, Shirone discovered a chain connecting Ethella and Chagall.
“Rian! for a moment… …
Before he could finish his words, Lian pressed Chagall against the wall with the power of divine transcendence.
“Cool!”
A gob of blood gushed out of Chagall’s mouth, who could not overcome the pressure.
And at the same time, Ethella, who was covering her body, cried out and shed blood in the same way.
Realizing that fact belatedly, Lian stepped back from Chagall, who was glaring at him like a beast.
“what? Why is he… …
Shirone muttered with a sad expression.
“The Taegeuk Chain.”
It is entangled in the worst way.

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 1128 - Chain Action(1).txt
===============================
chain action(1)
Chagall gritted his teeth.
“Big!”
At that time, dozens of rapid-fire swords materialized and charged Lian while wielding them all.
Ethella shouted.
“Stop!”
The chain quickly shortened as her sincerity took over Chagall’s body.
“Keugh!”
Chagall fell backwards with a thump, and Shirone and his party looked at him with a blank expression.
“Sir, how did this happen?” Ethella bit her lip. The most embarrassing thing of all was that it had already shown her broken spirit.
“sorry. I couldn’t help it.” Ethella, who had put on her tattered clothes again like rags, slowly raised her body.
I had to hold on to the wall as my legs gave out, but my stamina gradually returned.
“It is what you see. I hugged Chagall and fell into hell. In return, I am getting this punishment.”
“When is the purification time?”
As Shirone asked, the informator’s voice broke through from outside the cave.
“87 years 2,875 3,241 trillion… …
Ethella’s resignation was understandable.
It was a number that was meaningful to Chagall as well, so she erased the will to die and leaned her back against the wall of the cave.
“Sheesh! You’re bothering me.” Ethella said.
“Shirone, there is a true voice in the Valley of Wailing. She also accepts all her karma and is tied up. It’s a favor. Please save her.”
“I came to hell for that too. And I will save the teacher too.”
Shirone explained the method.
If he saved Ethella, he would also be able to save Chagall, but there was no need to worry.
“No, don’t do that.”
Lian, who tried to purify hell by burning himself, and Jin Seong-eum, who saved humanity by closing the psychic realm.
‘Compared to them, I… …
Just wallowing around with a devilish man.
“Please leave. He is the one who gave up on finding Jinseongeum and Shirone-kun. I am not qualified to fight.”
“Don’t beat yourself up.”
Shirone knows Ethella.
‘A person who is righteous enough to face Satan in heaven. I can’t have Chagall if it’s not that much.’
In a world where you can’t die, having to live with the man you hate the most.
‘It must be a terrible thing.’
In the world behind the scenes, karma is not something to be solved, but a burden to bear.
‘In the first place, an amount of karma that could not be resolved was granted. Lian is just a special case.’
The time of purification was not a rank badge, but the time of the 87th year meant that.
“You need the ability of a teacher. The power of Taegeuk will surely help us in what we are trying to do. And maybe we can find a way to purify it.”
“You say you can break these damn chains?”
Lian’s eyes widened at Chagall’s words.
“You be quiet.”
It was only that he couldn’t touch him because he was entangled in chains, and his anger at him was still there.
“Hey, that’s good. hey let’s go Aren’t you fed up with me too? Don’t you want to be free?”
Ethella met Chagall’s eyes.
Chagall’s gaze turned to the side when a feeling that only they knew was conveyed.
“red.”
No guilt, he promised.
“Okay, if my powers come in handy. But can’t we just give it a moment? body… …
I wanted to cleanse my mind by cleansing my body.
“yes.”
A miracle stream rose from Shirone’s body, and the Hand of God penetrated the cave.
Son Yu-jeong lifted her head and opened her mouth.
“wow.”
Ymir would be the best in battle, but when he saw Yahweh’s ability, he felt a sense of wonder.
A huge hand of light hollowed out the mountain and became clear water, filling the pit.
Said Shirone, who finished the work in an instant.
“Son Yu-jeong, give me a new outfit.”
You can make clothes with the ability of materials,
“Yes.”
Son Yoo-jung pulled out her hair.
When all the clothes were made, Ethella lifted her head with them in her arms.
“one more… … May I ask you a favor?”
While Rian wrinkled his brow as if he couldn’t understand, Shirone spoke calmly.
“Chagall’s clothes too.”
“Really? That guy is a very bad guy. Even before… …
When Yahweh’s eyes shot straight into her, her shoulders shook.
“Ah, okay.”
Ethella, who had gathered the necessary things, looked back.
“song.”
Chagall glared at Lian as if he didn’t like something, then clicked his tongue and stood up.
“If the chain breaks, I will kill you first.”
Lian replied.
“Please, I hope so.”
The two arrived at the lake made by Shirone.
Kneeling, Ethella first quenched her throat, then put water in her hand and turned her head.
Chagall stopped.
“You drink too much.”
When Ethella washed herself after taking off her rag-like clothes, Chagall’s mood became even more unpleasant.
“You’ve had the taste for a while, and now you feel like fighting again? Well, I would do anything to break this chain.”
“You are coming too.”
After finishing her grooming, Ethella called.
“To fight evil, the heart must be pure. This will help.”
“evil? Are you crazy?”
Chagall shouted.
“I am the evil of evil! No evil can terrorize me! But what? How do you feel?”
“Chagall.”
Ethella’s sincerity was transmitted through chains.
“Keugh.”
“As you can do with me, I can teach you good. So come.”
“Annoying.”
Chagall, thinking that it was better to just do it than to look more ridiculous, walked away.
“Here… …
When Chagall fell face down, Ethella scooped up water and washed her hair.
“Archbishop Raphael said: If the power of evil is selfishness, the power of good is sacrifice.”
Chagall was silent even though he knew it was the words of someone he had killed himself.
“The fact that good destroys evil is no different from evil. Sacrifice, Ethella. The stronger the evil, the more.”
She lathered Chagall’s hair.
“That is the compatibility of yin and yang. It’s not about destroying evil, it’s about turning it into good… …
“What a good man. I killed him.”
Chagall’s words still scratched the inside, but Ethella was no longer angry.
“is it so. Archbishop Raphael forgave you at the last moment because he foresaw the great battle between good and evil. Destroying evil does not make it disappear. But if you are Zen… …
“Couldn’t you be evil?”
“Surely so.”
The greater the sacrifice, the easier it is to turn into evil, and Ethella also had a crisis.
“I resent you, I curse my situation. But now it’s over. This will be the end of our journey with you.”
Shoot, water poured.
‘last.’
With Chagall’s long hair covering his face like a curtain, water dripped down his cheeks.
The temple was a riot.
“What are you doing! To do such a thing while the temple is open. This is an obvious act of aggression.”
Kish was so angry with Kitra, the king of Paras, that he even pointed with his finger.
“What are you saying I did?”
“this person… … !”
You made the angels useless.
That was the point.
Pyramids were built all over the world, but countless lives were lost.
‘Isn’t it rather a good thing?’
From the point of view of other countries, it was time to applaud the fact that the power of angels had been neutralized.
‘It’s not like we’re hurting, is it?’
Kitra said.
“I say again, it was not my will to establish a super-ancient civilization. And you can’t stop it.”
Corona Kingdom struck back.
“We have already found out that the 12th zodiac is manipulating the law. I have proof.”
“Even then, nothing would change. You know, those who can sit here. Humans cannot prevent divine intervention.”
“Not God.”
Everyone in the temple looked back at their seats as observers.
Pope Constantine, who had been sparing about anything other than religious content, came up to the podium.
“God does not destroy human life with such ignorant constructs.
That’s the devil’s plague.”
“Demon.”
Kitra laughed.
“The Paladins of the Anti-Magic Department set out to investigate the pyramid. We will thoroughly investigate the truth and collect evidence. And if Kitra, if you’re a heretic… …
Constantine opened his eyes.
“I will punish you with my own hands.”
The meeting room was filled with golden light, which is said to be the best divine power of Lamie religion.
‘As expected, it’s amazing.’
People’s gaze wandered in search of Havitz, but it did not appear as expected.
The pope gnashed his teeth.
‘Are you avoiding this incident? The one who died.’
Secretly expecting a confrontation of power, he looked back at Shirone with his emotions.
After the first meeting, it was reported that he had not yet left the Papal States.
‘What are you up to?’
Shirone, who was thinking about Habits and the Wizard, felt their gaze and met their eyes.
‘I can’t even dream of it.’
Where do you think you are holy?
what terrible thing is going on.
Small villages dotted the forest thirteen kilometers from the Vatican.
After touring several villages through the night, Shirone and the others were silent for a moment.
Seina bit her lip.
‘It’s all lies?’
In the village she identified, numerous children were undergoing special training.
A child who cuts off meals and prays until his throat bleeds.
Through such self-denial training, paladins will have the ability to stand up to evil.
‘That’s the identity of the martyrdom code.’
The moment you believe in God and realize that the ability you believed God gave you is just brainwashing.
‘done.’
Seina lost her divine power.
“Let’s go back. I’ll take responsibility and let you know. There must be someone who will listen to me.”
“Is it really so?”
Shirone stopped in front of the entrance to the deepest village.
The sign read ‘Village of Heaven’.
It was to the point of smelling of the terrible evil energy that I felt even before I set foot in the entrance.
“Huh.”
The castle didn’t light up, but Seina felt it too.
“how… … What’s in here?” With a feeling that could not be put into words, Shirone took her friends and went into the village.
Even without direct confirmation, prayers close to screams and groans could be heard from countless homes.
“No one walks around. Are you trapped?”
As Nade looked around, he saw someone walking towards the town hall.
“behind.”
Seina’s eyes widened as she looked with her back against the wall.
“High Priestess?”
Maximus, third in the hierarchy of the Holy See, but the solemn face she knew was nowhere to be found.
‘People change like that in a few days.’
Her eyes were loose, as if she had been drugged, and her face was dry, as if she hadn’t washed.
“Let’s go.”
They followed Maximus into the town hall and arrived in front of the building, frowning.
“eww “
Inside the window, naked men and women covered in animal blood were entangled.
I couldn’t pinpoint it, but Seina noticed some familiar impressions.
“It’s a priest I know.”
His voice was trembling.
Maximus entered the room and washed his face in a basin of blood.
Then he took off his clothes and slowly slipped into the crowd.
Seeing blood-soaked lumps rubbing against each other, Seina’s stomach groaned.
“Wow!”
Eruki rested his chin.
“You’re doing this in broad daylight. Besides, this is the Papal States. That’s not brainwashing or anything. It’s like a devil worshiper’s ritual.”
A woman’s voice was heard.
“That’s right, the demonic ritual.”
When Shirone turned her head, a girl wearing a hood was standing in front of the window a block away.
“Because this is the headquarters of Satanism. By the way, you can only enter through the basement of the Holy See. That’s why I couldn’t find it.”
Seina asked.
“Satanism? No, more than that, who are you?”
“me? Yora.”
The girl lowered her hood.
“long time no see. Shirone, Eruki, Nade”
It was Candler Eden.

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 1129 - Chain Action(2).txt
===============================
chain action(2)
200 citizens were demonstrating in front of the Delta headquarters where the temple was to be held.
“Impeach the King of Jive!”
It was the aftermath of the collusion of the holy war, which a reporter named Mayle wrote in a daily newspaper.
“A king who has lost his morality has no qualifications. Citizens must work together to rebuild the country.” It was a rare sight that could not be seen in other kingdoms, and it happened because the king was elected by voting.
Of course, such a system made Jive a rich country, but from the king’s point of view, it was crazy.
Geese’s aide Myron inspected the protesters as he left the Delta Headquarters.
‘Serious than expected.’
The fact that 200 people gathered in just a few hours means that there is a great deal of resistance from citizens.
‘Of course, there might be opponents in there.’ It takes money to move people, and it was difficult without a big player.
The streets were also busy.
“The world is perishing! Let’s all repent! Krea God will save us!”
The huge pyramid suddenly built in Jive territory could be seen even from here.
Naturally, the shock of the citizens was enormous, and apocalypseists ran out into the streets.
“The glory of Terraforce has arrived! Now all mankind will be judged by God!”
It was a good thing that attention was being diverted to Geith thanks to the creation of the Pyramid.
I saw young men who robbed stores with great vigor were immediately arrested by the security forces.
“It’s pitiful.”
The system is not easily shaken.
‘Unless you are certain that the world will end tomorrow… …
Because humans cannot let go of today.
“Whoa, change your clothes first.”
His face was bruised and his clothes were stained with blood.
When the guards entered the mansion where they were encamped, his wife and daughter were in the hall.
“I am here.”
“Oh, what’s wrong with your face?” When her wife asked, looking surprised, Myron looked around.
“You must have seen the article. I fell a bit while running through the protesters. Not too bad. Give me some new clothes.”
I heard my daughter’s sigh.
“ha.”
His brow wrinkled at the sight of his 12-year-old daughter reading a magazine without even saying hello.
“Your father came after a few days, and you don’t even know about it?”
“what? He’s really good at it.”
Myron’s voice rose as she closed the magazine and headed toward the room.
“Hey man! your way of talking… … !”
“Honey, leave me alone.”
said his wife, bringing new clothes.
“It’s puberty. It’s ugly outside now. You’re going to enter an advanced school soon.”
“That’s right, puberty is noisy.”
“Still, I got first place in the multinational language proficiency test today. The teacher says you have talent.”
Myron, who was changing his clothes, raised one eyebrow.
“okay?
I live for this taste.
“boy.”
A smile formed on his lips as if it had never happened.
“Well, where would the bloodline go? If it’s my daughter, I should do that much. What else did the teacher say?”
“They say they have good judgment and excellent friendships. They said that even if I went to school, the primacy would be enough.”
For children of politicians who had enough tutoring, schools were special purpose schools.
“Support me from behind. Don’t stimulate me for nothing. Because that age is the easiest to shake.”
“You come in often. talk to the kid… …
“Rip again.”
As always, after being beaten like a dog by Geese, I was very emotional.
“Am I playing outside? You know you’re busy, right? On a day like today, do it in moderation.”
My wife also did not want to catch the injured person.
“all right. Are you going to the temple?”
“It’s field work. I won’t be able to come in for a while. Refrain from going outside, and unconditionally assign a bodyguard to the child.”
Geese’s words could not be overlooked.
“yes. I still have to eat.”
“I don’t have time for that. I’m busy. Bring Tobina. Are you going out after seeing her face?”
He was the youngest son, now four years old.
“sleep. It’s nap time.”
“… … tell me to wait Does it matter if I don’t sleep for a day?” Her claws were in her wife’s voice.
“Are you waiting for me to know when you will come? And how important naps are during growing up… …
“Oh yeah. okay.”
No matter how long the words were, the result was the same, so Myron headed for the front door as if running away.
“I’ll go. I am taking good care of the house.” Her wife’s voice softened as if she was worried that she couldn’t even see her son’s face.
“Are you really okay?”
“It’s okay, then. I’m Myron. It will never collapse, so take care of the kids.”
Actually, I don’t know.
‘If the case grows like this, His Excellency’s prestige will change. Besides, I heard that the power of the Pyramid Angels has weakened.
‘Let’s solve it one by one.’
The first priority was to prevent Reporter Meikel from writing any more articles.
“ha.”
Leaving the mansion, he looked out over the city skyline at the top of the pyramid.
“What do you know?”
It looks like I can’t even cover my face.
A man stood at a VIP-only bar in town.
“You come to a place like this.”
Of course, the lights were turned off in the pub, where only influential people go, but it didn’t matter.
When I knocked, the door opened.
“who are you?”
“I am Baekgu.”
It’s Baekgu because he shaved his head with Baekgu, but his name was actually a gangster ship called Travis.
“Come in.”
There were dozens of rooms in the cold air that hadn’t even started preparing for business yet.
‘He must be a great guy.’
A person who rents an entire bar in broad daylight that is said to be impossible to enter without a lot of power.
The room the manager took was the most private and spacious of all.
There was a bottle of high-quality alcohol at a table where dozens of people could be seated, and a man in the seat of honor was lost in thought.
“Senior, I brought you.”
“Leave.”
Myron, who had been waiting for him beforehand, raised his glasses and looked at Travis’ impression.
He was an honest man with a sturdy build.
“Sit down. You are handsome.”
Travis, bowing politely, walked to the end of the long table and sat down.
“hello. This is Travis. I am 43 years old. I have heard a lot from my older brother.”
Actually I don’t know anything.
The big brother who came to visit after 3 years only said that he would make some money if he went here.
said Myron, pouring him a drink.
“I’m trying to do a big business these days, but I’m short of people. Now, I heard you put some effort into it.”
“I will do my best.”
“So, what do you do now?”
“He runs a brothel in No. 2 Edia. There are five members of the organization.”
“Um, five.”
Travis added hastily.
“They are all usable guys.”
It was the result of a sense of qualification as the leader of a small organization, but Myron had a different idea.
‘What’s wrong, five. I’m fine.’
Would the king of a country buy a thug because there is no one he can use?
‘It’s the season of the holy war. If it turns out that political maneuvering is involved, other countries will bite and tear it. But if you’re a gangster in a brothel, it’s not a big deal to cover up even if you get caught.’
The reason why Myron, the king’s aide, came in person was because of the iron rule, ‘If the genealogy is long, it will be stepped on.’
“Once you get this.”
Myron pushed forward the heavy briefcase on the table.
“Is this what I have to do?”
“Open it.”
Travis flipped the briefcase over as Myron crossed his legs and sipped.
“This, this?”
It was filled with large gold coins.
“One million gold.”
“One million!”
No matter what Travis did, it was an amount he could not even touch in his lifetime.
“You have to have money to work. Write it once.” All sorts of thoughts crossed my mind.
‘It’s obviously dangerous. No, that doesn’t matter. What can’t I do with this money?’
“Don’t just stare, check it out. It’s a large gold coin, so you can count it.”
“I believe in the old man. but… …
It was the first time I was afraid of money.
“I don’t know what it is, but I will. But I don’t need this much money on this floor.”
Myron chuckled.
“What are you talking about? This is a down payment.”
“??????yes?”
“I don’t know what floor you are talking about, but my business has a different floor. I give it as a way to do well in the future. If you do a good job, I will give you ten times this amount.”
’10 million gold?’
Travis shook his head.
‘no. this is never Even moderate nobles don’t have this much money.’
I realized the identity of the sense of incongruity.
‘Even if I were to sell my skills, or even my life, it wouldn’t be worth this much to me.’
Myron felt the same way.
‘It’s a bit big.’
Roasting over low heat is the standard, but now an hour was a waste of time.
‘Even if it can’t be helped until tomorrow’s daily newspaper, you have to block the evening edition unconditionally. It has to be baked quickly.’
Click, the briefcase closed.
“… … I’ll do it.”
It was natural.
‘You can end your life in one shot, but who is there to go back a long way? People aren’t that complicated.’
Money is complicated.
“Then I will trust you.”
“excuse me… … Do I not have to write a contract or something?”
My conscience stung because the amount was so large, but from Myron’s point of view, it was absolutely impossible.
‘Why did they bring it in kind?’
he said, pointing to his briefcase.
“Isn’t that a contract? feel comfortable This is because you can earn as much as you want in the future.”
I realized in that moment.
‘You’re a politician. Am I finally seeing the light?’
He didn’t know his face or name yet, but he felt like he could offer up his soul.
“If there is someone I will serve… …
“ha.”
Taking off his glasses, Myron spat out, revealing his irritated feelings.
“What is a thug so curious about?”
Travis saw a terrible vision of 1 million gold disappearing in an instant.
maybe instinct.
Travis jumped up from his seat, bent at a 90 degree angle and opened his mouth.
“sorry. I didn’t know the subject. This will never happen again.”
Myron filled a glass of strong liquor and held it out.
“Have a drink. I will say goodbye separately.”
“Yes, old man.”
Travis, who poured the alcohol straight down his throat, lowered his head while holding the briefcase.
“Call me anytime.”
When I left the bar and saw the sun again, my head was spinning with the alcohol.
But there was no drunkenness.
‘No, are you drunk?’
Even though he was carrying a bag full of gold coins, his arms and hands were numb.
Travis took a deep breath and entered the street with a poker face.
My heart felt like it would explode.
‘driving me crazy.’
Wouldn’t someone steal the bag, wouldn’t there be a follower, wouldn’t lightning strike suddenly?
‘Please, please, let’s just go home.’
He always walked the streets with his chin held high, but at this moment he was the weakest human in the world.
“Extra! Extra!”
Articles about the giant pyramid built in Jive were spread through magazines.
“Repent! The end of the world is coming!”
All the religions of the world were out on the streets preaching their doctrines.
“King Jive, announce the full story of the incident! We do not want a corrupt king!”
Civic groups were now marching in the streets and spreading their opinions.
But Travis.
‘Honey, wait! son! Dad did it!’
Chin down 1 million gold in front of family
Only the moment you put it down was real.

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 1130 - Chain Action(3).txt
===============================
chain action(3)
The officials gathered at the temple attacked the Kingdom of Paras with unprecedented unity.
“Pyramids were also built in the Iron Kingdom. This is a clear violation of the sovereignty of other countries!”
King Kitra’s mouth did not open.
‘There’s no way I can tell you.’
Shirone knew that the most powerful language is silence.
‘They just want to have a basis for judgment. If you don’t answer, the initiative will not pass.’
Among the few who felt the same way was Balkan.
‘I can’t see Harvits.’
If Vanishing had been activated, he would have been hit by the pope’s aura a little while ago.
‘Pope Constantine is real. Its holy power can shock even high-ranking demons.’
Of course, Satan is on a different level.
‘I can think of two things. Fira
Is there anything more interesting than mead… …
Habitz is weak.
As a result, both cases are true, but Balkan has no choice.
‘Anyway, the momentum has completely gone to Paras. Most countries are broken. The only thing that endures… …
Balkan’s eyes turned to the Kashan Empire.
‘Uorin.’
Her head was buried so deep that she couldn’t see her face, and her shoulders were shaking.
“Big.”
Gando whispered at her moans.
“The Empress, are you okay?”
As the time waves continued to rush in, her head was on the verge of exploding at any moment.
‘What is this? why… …
Gritting my teeth and slowly raising my head, the golden melody of the future poem vibrated like a guitar string.
‘Does the future keep changing?’
My head was dizzy, and when the urge to vomit came in, I jumped up and stood up.
While foreign officials watched, she immediately opened the door and left the meeting room.
the chairman shouted.
“If you leave the conference room now, there will be a penalty! You cannot attend until the next meeting!”
Uorin didn’t even listen, and Jiandao followed her outside.
“The Empress!”
“Why are you here? You should stay too.”
Seeing Uorin’s pale face, she wondered if her life was in danger.
“I will call the medical team.”
“it’s okay. Bring Kido.”
“From the physical condition… …
“Daughter!”
Seeing that even shouting seemed difficult, Gando bit his lip and ran outside.
Uorin, who walked alone, sat down in front of the door, unable to move further.
“hey! Woorin!”
When Kido arrived, he was half unconscious and trembling.
“Kiddo, the timeline keeps changing.”
“Do not say.”
As Kido took her in his arms, Gando took out a key and opened the door.
“Gando, you watch the outside.” Uorin, who had given the order, weakly pointed at the carpet on the floor.
“To that place.”
When Kido got down, she sat cross-legged and said,
“Establish the Earthquake Spirit.”
It was to keep Harvits in check.
“… … okay.”
Kido, who took out the spear behind his back and rotated it, stopped horizontally and activated the incarnation technique.
‘Earthbound.’
The strong gravity, unable to move even a single step, pressed the room around them.
“Never untie it.” Uorin closed her eyes, and History Search was activated.
“Kuk!”
The time wave is endlessly pushing, but the biggest change seems to have already happened.
‘Then I can find it.’
No matter how the world changes, human behavior can be predicted in a large range.
‘I need to find a keyword.’
The sum of the causes is the effect, but each cause has a different weight.
If someone ate an apple.
‘I have no choice but to analyze all causes.’ Because I’m hungry, because I like fruit, because I only have apples, because I’m adjusting my diet, etc.
Among them, the cause that accounts for the largest proportion of the result will be different for each person.
‘Key keywords!’
In a state of trance, the work of weighing all the causes was continuing.
how much time has passed
“Huh!”
Uorin, who opened her eyes, leaned forward.
“Hey, are you okay?”
Kido turned his head halfway and asked, but Uorin, who was engulfed in shock, could not answer.
“Because you’re okay!”
You have succeeded in finding the key keywords.
However, the person who becomes the most important event in a world covered by a new time wave… … .
‘why?’
It was completely out of her expectation.
‘Kaden?’
A native of Tormia, the fate of the Red Cross.
Although he has a unique history, he was a person whose influence in this temple was quite low.
‘It’s not me, Shirone, or Harbitz… …
Is it Caden?
“It’s completely wrong.”
As Uorin turned off the future poem and stood up, Kido hurriedly supported him and asked.
“Are you okay now?”
‘In this world… …
She looked at the pyramid outside the window with a disgusted expression.
‘What’s about to happen?’
Meanwhile, in the conference hall, the offensive against Paras was still going on.
“Reveal the identity of the pyramid! Otherwise, we will have no choice but to use force.”
Kitra didn’t answer, and the venomous snake coiled around his neck flicked his tongue mockingly.
“this… …
Just as the official was about to shout, Kitra got up and headed for the door without a word.
“Stop!”
“I formally request the detention of King Kitra!”
Detention is possible for anyone in a temple-participating country, but the procedure is terribly complicated.
‘It’s no use. The temple is the backbone of diplomacy. You can’t easily detain a country’s representative.’
When the sense of dejection at not finding out anything turned into anger, the officials changed the target.
It was Geese of the Jive Kingdom.
“I want to ask Jive. Do you know why the pyramids were built?”
Geese replied bluntly.
“How do I know that?”
“It’s not the Jive that has been hit the hardest! They say that the powers of the angels have been neutralized.”
Geese bared his teeth as he stabbed the sore spot.
“Don’t sway public opinion with uncertain events! When the time comes, I will announce it myself.”
the albino asked.
“By the way, a strange article appeared in the daily newspaper today. Well, moral criticism is probably not my part, but isn’t this kind of collusion breaking trust?”
‘Inspirational. Knowing everything.’
As soon as the water was opened, officials from other countries also helped with one voice.
“Exactly. I heard that the citizens may elect a new king according to their national laws. Since this is a matter that also affects temple principles, wouldn’t it be better to just walk away?”
Gith’s reaction was the same as Kitra’s.
“hmm.”
“Say something!”
‘Are you crazy? Let me speak.’
Whether you confess innocently or deny it, you become prey from the moment you open your mouth.
Arachne’s Prime Minister Phaedra, who was keeping an eye on the atmosphere, supported Gis.
“The important thing now is the pyramid. Wouldn’t it be better to stop the meeting and give countries time to react?”
His gaze fell upon the chairman of the temple assembly.
‘Hang it up. Hang up.’
The President of the General Assembly struck the gavel.
“I will take a break for three hours. We’ll do it again after the information gathering is over.”
The faces of the officials were rotten.
‘It’s already gone.’
There was no doubt that there was also a general meeting at the secret banquet Arachne provided.
Rufist rested his chin.
‘This is why politics at night is scary.’ Because sharing each other’s weaknesses builds an alliance system stronger than any paper.
‘But it’s also an opportunity for us.’
Geese was the first to leave, and Fleur, who had been lost in thought, quietly stood up.
‘huh?’
Shirone looked at her as she left the door.
‘Is there something urgent?’
It wasn’t a particularly busy gesture, but it was unusual not to report it to Lou Fist.
Flew left the door and caught Geese in his eyes.
“Aw, get inside. bring me some coffee Fill it with ice.”
It was her first time using the beauty world, but her heart grew colder every time she took a step.
‘I’m a pro.’
what you have to do to do the job.
The advice of an albino I had heard in the conference room a few hours ago passed through my head.
“You can’t approach it as delicately as Arachne. Let’s go to Jeongseokdae. First of all, it’s a crash. A collision disguised as a coincidence.”
said the albino.
“Although it is classical, human beings are animals of rationalization. You won’t notice with this.”
“Is it really so? I mean, if you’re an albino, you can notice it, right?”
“No, I can’t.”
The albino smiled.
“I can say this because it’s someone else’s business. It’s because of cognitive limitations. When people look at themselves, they think of causes, and when they look at others, they think of results.”
“Hmm.”
“It’s not that it’s bad, it’s that it has to be. This is the reason why he is not tolerant of other people’s mistakes, but is infinitely tolerant of his own. That’s why we need to keep quiet about others… …
Albino touched his beard.
“Anyway, the reason you’re worried is that you’re looking at Gis as a set result. But Gis says he doesn’t know the outcome.”
Fleur understood.
“For me it is a specific event, but for Gis it is one of countless coincidences.”
“That’s right. I would go crazy if I gave meaning to every coincidence that happens every moment. It is often said that I made a stupid mistake. But it’s not stupid at all for the person involved. It’s just being swept away by the flow of cause and effect.”
between humans.
How far apart are we?
“I am, indeed. Things you don’t even know.” As people began to come out of the conference room, Flew walked over to Geese, who grumbled.
‘No need to worry.’
Flu started running hurriedly down the hallway and hit Geese on the shoulder, spilling coffee.
“Oh, what is it? annoying.”
For Geese, it must be one of the many causes.
“Oh, sorry.”
It was the only outcome for Flu.
“I have papers to hand over, so I rushed and stopped… … . Are you okay?”
Geese frowned.
“No, are you busy here alone? Let’s put some order in the place where important people are gathered.”
Flew lowered her head as the officials who left the conference room began to pay attention.
“I’m really sorry. that’s my fault.” The officials groaned.
“what? what’s the matter? Isn’t that woman the chief secretary of the Tormia Magic Association?”
“I heard you spilled coffee.”
Their words caught Gisu’s ears.
‘The Magic Association Chief of Staff?’
Moreover, if it is Tormia, Yahweh is at the forefront.
It was a country with its own influence.
‘Hmm.’
It would not be easy for a person in that position to bow his head in front of everyone.
‘but. Jive’s name is worth it.’ The strength went into Geese’s shoulders stiffly.
‘It will work.’
Fleur, still with her head down, looked at the floor and recalled the albino’s words.
– They say that there is no woman who hates being called beautiful, and there is no man who hates being called strong. Though there is a difference in degree, the ideology has nothing to do with it. Because it works at the genetic level.
‘You have to be liked.’
-If you want to control a man, you have to praise his power. Money, power, titles, everything that is possible with his abilities. Make me feel like the strongest guy in the world.
Geese’s expression softened.
“Well, I bowed my head over such a trivial matter. stop it Aren’t you also a VIP of the country?” -Once that happens, men are usually half-conscious. If you compare it to a woman, only you among women.] It would be similar to the feeling of walking while hearing the word ‘beautiful’.
Fleur understood.
-If you succeed up to that point, you can say that you have sewn the first button well. I’ll listen to pretty much anything. Because you have to be an incredibly capable and strong person. That’s when it started.
A war of desire.

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 1131 - Chain Action(4).txt
===============================
chain action(4)
Geese studied Fleur’s face.
‘Hmm.’
According to information from Dante’s department, Geese’s tastes are quite hardcore.
– She’s just plain beautiful, and she probably won’t be interested in things like that. Sexual pleasure is intertwined with lust for dominance. If you were a princess of a country, even an ugly woman would welcome you.
Albino added.
-Of course, that doesn’t mean you’re ugly, only you.
Geese nodded.
‘Are you okay?’
I liked Fleur’s attitude of not showing displeasure while feeling his gaze.
‘He’s the chief secretary of the Magic Association… …
Of course, his experience was not trivial, so he never showed his emotions from the beginning.
“Come to think of it, there is no interaction with the Magic Association of Tormia yet. Are you doing well?”
“I am doing my best.”
“Well, it is difficult. This politics is not about flying and running alone.”
“yes. Of course it is.”
It sounds like an ordinary conversation, but the officials who analyze the words at the nanoscale were able to see through.
‘Tormia can’t even make a sound.’
The reaffirmation of that power caused something to rise from the depths of Geith’s body.
‘Ah, it suddenly pulls.’
Geese said, placing a hand on Flew’s shoulder.
“Anyway, isn’t this a place where everyone gathered for world peace? We have a little time left, so let’s have some tea.”
“It is an honour.”
Flew’s eyes went cold as he followed Gis.
‘It’s not today anyway.’
He was not careless enough to do things in front of all the officials of other countries.
Fermi, who was walking from the other side, glanced at Geese and Fleur out of the corner of his eye.
‘I’m already at work. Is it faster than expected?’
From the time the rumor spread in the daily newspaper, I thought that anyone who entered would enter.
‘But it’s Tormia. Shirone, there’s no way that pure-bred had asked to do it
At that time, Si Lorne, who came out of the conference room belatedly, looked at the flue and made a serious expression.
From that look, Fermi realized.
‘Isn’t that what we discussed?’
this is a bit strong
‘Lupist. It’s definitely a strong enemy.’
While the other country was bouncing the abacus, it had been bitten with an animal sense.
After making brief eye contact with Shirone, Fermi passed by with a nonchalant expression.
‘cheer up. It’s going to hurt your head for a while.’
This would be a good business tool
However, the pyramid was more important to Fermi.
‘It’s probably because Uorin ran out.
The law and the system must have changed.’ Fermi looked out the window.
“not bad.”
Apocalypse.
Five managers of High Gear gathered in a place where Mucus was covering the entire world.
“Finally finished.”
A white orb resembling a snow crystal slowly rotated over the operator’s palm.
“Ice blood.”
It was a special code that could harden Mucus when injected into Digital Ra’s core.
After a while, a voice was heard from behind.
“Are you here already?”
They were Syrone who received the message and entered Apocalypse, and the officers of the parrot mercenary group.
Marsha pointed.
“Is it a virus or something?”
“yes. It’s very powerful. Once planted in the core, we won’t be able to control it either.”
“It doesn’t matter. It’s an abandoned world anyway.”
Shirone looked at the landscape.
“It seems to have increased. The height of Yucus is different. The excavator is also gone.”
“uh? Is that so?”
Marsha confirmed that the ground of Yucus was covering more of the sky than before.
Shirone guessed the reason.
‘It’s because of the pyramid.’
Since the law was distorted to such an extent that the status of the angels fell, Apocalypse also changed.
‘More Yucus. What does this mean?’
Vice-captain Freeman said.
“Let’s go down first. I haven’t been able to mine for days. You seem to be in a hurry too.”
The Parrot Mercenary Corps knew about the pyramids built all over the world.
“Yes, it is.”
As soon as he took his first step, Yucus felt the vibration and flew ferociously.
“Ahh! what!”
To the surprise of High Gear’s managers, Marcia cut off a tentacle with a dagger.
The fallen tentacle wriggled for a while, then turned back into slime and was absorbed into the ground.
“Aww, that sucks. But why are you so violent? It wasn’t like this before.”
‘The nature of Mucus has changed.’
In other words, the algorithm of digital la buried underground has changed.
‘Repelling creatures with a stronger power is a hint about the future.’
Shirone activated Miracle Stream.
“I will do it.”
As the smoke of light spread, the surface of Yucus began to be pushed away like waves.
“I put the curtain on and pressed it with pressure. You won’t be able to pierce it with any force.”
Of course, the story would be different if the mass that covered the entire world was concentrated in one place.
‘At that time, it was an all-out war.’
Contrary to concerns, Yucus did not shake much and the party arrived safely at their destination.
“There’s a digital ra down here. To be precise, I have to ride a strange device for a long time, but.”
Even if Syrone did not remember, Fermi knew the geography of the Apocalypse.
“then??????
Shirone, who gathered the smoke of light again, cast Hand of God above her head.
“be careful.”
The officers of the Parrot Mercenary Corps escorted the manager.
‘The mucus keeps playing. Digging in as quickly as possible is the best way.’
The Hand of God raised his index finger and slammed it down vertically toward Youkus.
Jukkus, who felt the tremendous vibration, erected a giant tentacle column from several tens of meters away.
Lollipop Mark shouted.
“Aww! come!”
At the same time, the Hand of God, which was embedded in the ground, rotated like a drill and slammed downward.
“Jump down!”
Avoiding the tentacles flying from all sides, the mining team quickly threw themselves into the pit.
The narrowing hole was completely closed, and the tentacles stuck to the surface exploded like a mass of water.
“Ah. ｝Ah!”
In the depths of the endless fall, a middle-aged hairy boy with a smile mark screamed like a girl.
‘It’s incredibly deep.’
The Hand of God penetrates faster than the acceleration of gravity, but that’s why it was even more of a problem.
‘The pressure is too strong.’
Looking up, the gut-like tunnel Shirone had pierced was quickly closing.
‘ yes’?’
At that moment, the enormous resistance that had surged against the Hand of God disappeared like a lie.
“Shirone!”
Marsha shouts.
“Keugh!”
Shirone, who returned the Hand of God to the Miracle Stream, defeated everyone.
“ha! ha.”
While floating in the sky, the operator looked at the city 200 meters below.
“this… … What happened?”
There was a space roughly the size of a city inside what was supposed to be filled with mucus.
Marsha flew to Shirone.
“thank you. It wasn’t the speed that I could sustain with the fly magic.”
“yes. But where is it?”
It was confined to a huge dome, and along the outskirts of the city there was a curtain of Juchus.
“Maybe something like this?” Marsha raised her index finger.
“The apocalyptic world responds to changes in reality. If an event in the future caused the expansion of Mucus to proceed at a faster than normal rate… …
“It creates a zone where the air gets trapped.”
“okay. Yucus predicts that a cell buster will happen in reality. But the reason why the ground has risen is not because the amount has increased, but because it has swelled. Maybe there are places like this all over the world of Apocalypse? Like the stuffing of cheese.”
Shirone agreed.
“Let’s go down and take a look.” The mining team, who cast magic and came down to the ground, looked around the city first.
“A lot has changed too. There are also buildings that I have not seen before. This makes things complicated.”
There were remnants of Yucus on the floor, but it wasn’t difficult to find.
The administrators who entered Apocalypse for the first time were depressed by the tranquil scenery.
“Are people not living?”
Marsha was thinking about it too.
“It was not at all. Children of the sun, dynamic human. but
There was nothing now.
“Most of them must have been swept away by the flood of Yucus. No wonder. At this level… …
uhhhhh uhhhhh
The group’s footsteps stopped at the sound of moans coming from somewhere.
“what?”
Shirone quickly looked around and ran towards the source of the sound.
It was a square steel structure.
‘I’ve seen it.’
Memories of Labyrinth Andre came to mind.
‘World No. 19000.’
A place where humanity has met its spiritual end among the many possible worlds.
“I’ll just go.”
“What are you talking about? People are locked up.”
Marsha jumped onto the warehouse, grabbed the handle of the iron door, and pulled.
“Okay.”
When it did not open, Freeman came up.
“Look out. I will break it.”
Equipped with magic bullets, he aimed his gun at the mechanical panel next to the door.
“for a moment!”
Lollipop Mark raised his hand to dry.
“Leave it to me.” Holding Freeman’s hand, the boy went up to the warehouse and carefully inspected the shape of the panel.
“Wow, that’s awesome.”
the operator asked.
“Can you open it?”
“Ten seconds.”
When I brought a card made by Under Coder and put it on, the panel became transparent and the code was visible.
“Hmm. The technology is excellent, but the pattern is simple. Could it have been just a matter of locking it?”
With a click, the device is unlocked.
“It’s convenient. How did you do it?”
“Hehe, didn’t you call me because you’re an expert in this field? Anyway, you can open it now.”
Marsha grabbed the handle.
“where… …
The door opened, and as Shirone expected, a scream of shock erupted.
“Aww! what’s this!”
From children to the elderly, from men to women, they were all tangled up naked.
“The Human Reservoir.”
Everyone turned to Shirone.
“The worst situation that mankind will ever face is happening here right now.”
“worst case?”
Marsha looked down into the warehouse.
The sight of people living by licking each other’s liquids was by no means a human life.
“therefore… … This is Apocalypse, right? It is constructed based on information from reality.”
“yes. In other words, if there is no change in reality, we will be like this in the distant future.”
“why’?”
Marsha’s eyes twitched.
“Why is this happening? Why are we going?”
“I don’t know yet. To find out the cause, you have to go deeper. And to mine, you have to plant a virus first.”
Shirone turned around.
“Stop going. Even while doing this, the real world is moving towards this moment.”
While Marsha made a dazed expression, Freeman gently closed the iron door.
“Let’s go, Marsha.”
With the atmosphere subdued, the mining team moved on with a reverent heart.
However, the consolation point was that the route to Digital La remained.
“Here.”
Shirone saw the tombstone erected next to the building.
‘Fairy Biomimetics Lab.’ I don’t remember it because the information came in a state of loss, but there was a fact that I knew because of that.
“for a moment. Fairy?”
A long time ago, a fairy was split in two by a guffin.
“What’s wrong, Shirone?”
Marsha asked, but Shirone could not answer.
‘An elf who was combined with a Norse by the power of Agape. A fairy that controls humans in heaven.’
And now, the fairy who commanded heaven was staying on the planet of Shirone.
“I wasn’t an elf.”
While Marsha blinked, Shirone’s face twisted horribly.
“It was the fairies that ruled the human world.”

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 1132 - Colossal Coordination (1).txt
===============================
Colossal Adjustment (1)
Marsha asked.
“What do you mean?”
“Apocalypse is a place where the last information of the future that can be reached based on reality is accumulated. Of course, it is not a structure that is physically accumulated.”
“okay. Even in an ordinary home, there are things that are one year old, and there are things that are over 20 years old. Mining is collecting the oldest artifacts and uncovering information about the near future. Of course, there are times when you actually have to mine… …
“yes. In that sense, it means a lot that the building where Digital Ra is located is Fairy Biome Metics. In the demon war, the elves sided with the humans. The elven chief, Enox, thinks of themselves as a failed race.”
Only human beings dream endlessly, desire endlessly, struggle without ceasing.
“She knows. That the species that did not assimilate into human society eventually become livestock.”
Representatively, there is a hwajok.
“Enox and the elves are still fighting. And this tombstone speaks of their results.”
“Fairy won.”
It was never good for humans either.
“Why don’t you show up? It’s understandable that the giant doesn’t move because he’s already obeying Le’s command, but… …
“It is the same with fairies. As Ikael stepped down from the position of archangel, his focal point disappeared. But now it’s clear what they’re after.”
Fairy Biomimetics Inc.
“I’m trying to be human.” Biomimetics.
“As for the elves’ agape… … In a completely different way.”
The cries of the angels were sad.
“Ah, why did this happen… … is it an angel
There was no nobility to be found in those who lost their pure concept, the Astral Body.
Just low self-esteem.
‘Why are you sad?’
Uriel looked up at the sky where Shirone left.
‘Just because we lost the concept doesn’t mean we cease to be who we are. But why?’
There has always been a perfect standard.
Angels, who have their own concept from birth, have no conflict about their actions.
‘Even if it’s a fallen angel… … A crime committed within one’s concept
being
‘For the angels, the light body must have been the standard of existence, regardless of power or ability.’
If it wasn’t for that much of a shock, it wouldn’t have been possible to call it a fall in status.
‘Then what about me?’
Uriel asked himself.
‘Even if I lose the Astral Body, even if there is no standard of existence, can I make a choice?’
I couldn’t kill Ichael.
The fact that the Archangel of Destruction hesitated in the face of destruction was clearly a function of the mind.
‘I defined myself by my own standards, not by the standards of the universe.’
The asteroid does not perish.
“Ah, Mr. Uriel.”
The angels gathered toward the brilliant asteroid floating above Uriel’s head.
“What shall we do now? Should it perish? Or should it exist? This hand, this foot… … Where should I move?” Uriel looked down at the servile expressions of the angels.
‘I’ve never done it before.’
The act of choosing something for oneself.
“let’s go.”
Uriel turned around.
‘I can’t go to the human world where Satiel lived. They won’t stand it.’
In other words, a child who has just been born.
Terrible things would happen if they were taken to humans who dealt with uncertainty.
‘Like a predator.’
The angels asked as they followed helplessly.
“Where are you going?”
The Archangel with the celestial body left for the sun, and humans became their nemesis.
“Crown.”
He was the head of the 72nd class of fairies.
A giant sailboat created by Ashur’s signal stretched out into the vast space.
Shirone was in the captain’s room.
‘Raiel must have arrived.’
Ashur’s sailboat is also fast enough to go to the sun in one day, but the speed of light is different.
‘Concept, not speed. The unit of signal that composes the universe.’
The mind is faster than the speed of light, but super light speed is nothing but nothing between signals.
‘There is no substance that is faster than light.’
Even at that speed, it would take about 10 minutes to get to the sun.
Ashur came in.
“sorry.”
It was Shirone, who mobilized all of Signal’s abilities and was wary of the outside while he recovered.
“no. Warp is impossible. If it wasn’t for Mr. Ashur, he wouldn’t have even tried.”
If there is even the slightest doubt left in the mind, the quantum phenomenon will not be activated.
Although Omega’s experience could bring it closer, this time I wasn’t sure.
‘No creature has ever entered the sun. No, even if there was, it would have been the same.’
It was an unknown that was out of even Taeseong’s control.
“Going in a straight line would be the fastest, but there are many risk factors at subluminal speed. I will take a detour to a safe route.”
“yes. Please.” When I came down to the passenger compartment, I saw Ikael and Amy standing side by side in front of the window.
Ikael’s expression darkened.
“Are you concerned?”
She betrayed Heaven for Shirone, but the angels were also precious to her.
“yes. But it will be fine. Because Uriel is left. He will take good care of you.”
Amy asked.
“You said it was the home of angels. What kind of place is it? It’s my first time going to the sun.”
Sensing her consideration, Ikael smiled.
“It’s a beautiful place. Of course, by human standards, it may be a bit extreme.”
“little bit?”
Shirone’s eyes narrowed.
“Whoops. The sun’s light is a network that travels end to end in outer space. If there is no light, there is no sense, and then there is no world for humans.”
“Everything comes from the sun.”
“yes. That’s ‘La’. And the one who controls all those suns is the Anke Line, the incarnation of the unquenchable sun, the Akashic Records.” immortal a.
“If any creature born of Ra came to Miss Amy’s planet, it might feel like a tough environment. But to me, an angel, the sun is the most cozy and peaceful place to rest.”
“Then angels can withstand the sun.”
“Of course I can’t stand it.”
Ikael pursed his lips and rolled his eyes.
When Amy lost her words at the girlish appearance, she continued to explain with a smile.
“Even an angel who is a conceptual body cannot stand in front of the huge energy of the sun.”
It was the reason why the 12 apostles did not come.
“However, the asteroid does not disappear and is absorbed intact. That’s why angels can go to the sun. In other words, the sun itself is a gigantic asteroid.”
It seemed to know what it meant.
“It is a set of mental bodies. But can we humans survive?”
Shirone said.
“I’m sure we can defend ourselves with the Miracle Stream, but that’s probably the limit. If Satiel takes a hostile response, it could be dangerous.”
“That’s why Amy came along.”
Ikael said.
“Amy with the incarnation of fire will be able to withstand the power of the sun. In terms of the law, it means that the systems do not conflict and become compatible.”
“Do you really think so?”
Of course, he was confident, and even if he wasn’t confident, he would have followed him, but the opponent was none other than Taeyang.
‘I’m stepping on the sun?’ Ikael stroked her hair as the imagining Amy’s eyes unfocused.
“Ho-ho, don’t worry. If it affects the conceptual body of the angels, it means that it is close to the phase of Ra. It’s good to look forward to it. It is a very beautiful place.”
Amy looked back at the window.
“sun??????
At the far end of outer space, a sparkling star the size of a gold coin was waiting for them.
The sun is wonderful. If you see a fireball that is 100 times the size of the human planet from just 1,000 meters away, you will realize how splendid this world is.
Both eyes were blinded by the tremendous light, and if it was a creature, it would have melted right away.
“The operation has definitely changed.”
The angels, who are concept entities, have accepted the whole world of pale deterioration as it is.
Rayel transferred the consciousness to the asteroid.
“There has been an adjustment throughout the universe. To build several pyramids on one planet.”
In terms of the rate of change, it was a subtlety that could not be measured with any instrument.
Adjustment located at the point reached by digging into half of half, half of half of that half with air coward.
The changes that have taken place in that realm are what the angels call.
“feeling.”
Satiel frowned.
“Even with an angel’s senses, a change so small that feeling is everything. But because the name has changed… …
It’s a huge adjustment.
The explosion on the sun’s surface sent a plume of fire thousands of kilometers high into space.
feast of light.
The light born now will cross the vacuum and cause countless events throughout the universe… … .
“joy.”
There was no angelic authority in that light.
“I can’t admit it. I’ll bring back the angels. You can change it from the core.”
“Can I? Even if all the archangels gather, it’s difficult. Above all, even if you connect to Ra’s core, if you want to reverse this change… …
Amplification power is needed.
“Ichael.”
The fact that he couldn’t do anything without her fueled Satiel’s anger.
“You have no choice but to try. Now it’s just the two of us left. An angel with a heart… … yes?”
Satiel looked back at Rayel.
“But why do you still have the Astral Body? Have you ever broken the standard of the law?” There was no answer, and Mara Luna, who was hiding behind Ley El, strained her eyes.
‘It’s all because of you.’
When Satiel decided to become an archangel herself, the archangels left her side.
Although she screamed loudly, her voice could not touch the world.
‘Raiel-nim stopped walking.’
– I am the archangel! I’ll make everything right! I will punish the traitor Ikael!
Rayel, who had been listening to her cries all night, sighed and turned around.
“Luna, let’s go back.”
“Raiel-nim, Satiel-nim does not have the authority to lead the archangels. Why do you want to bend over?”
– I am the noblest! I am the chief angel!
“I’ve known you for a long time.” Luna could never forget the look on Layell’s face as she turned to Satiel at that moment.
“Because I don’t think you should leave me too.”
“Rael… …
he made his own choice
Satiel didn’t ask anymore.
“red. well, it’s okay If you are there, it will be a little easier. Because you are the archangel of light.”
“okay. Let’s go in.”
The moment the two angels leaned toward the sun, Luna’s face crumpled.
“Keugh! Rayel… …
“Go back to subspace. This is our hometown. It is not a place that Mara can endure.”
It felt like my body would melt if I moved just 1 meter from here.
“I don’t like it. I will follow you.”
Moonlight Mara Luna is the goddess of madness. Her obsession with Leila was beyond imagination.
“Luna.”
Rayel caressed her terribly beautiful face.
“I command.”
“Layle. You are my master.” Rubbing her cheeks with tears in her eyes, Luna’s body blurred and she disappeared into subspace.
Rayel turned around.
“Let’s go.”
The conceptual bodies of the two angels rushing toward the sun at breakneck speed began to catch fire.
‘iced coffee.’
Satiel felt an infinite rest.
‘la. my hometown.’
The body of the angel evaporated in an instant, and the two stars dug into the bosom of the sun.

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 1133 - Colossal Coordination (2).txt
===============================
Colossal Adjustment (2)
Shirone, who was staring at the hallway where Fleur left, turned around at the exact timing.
“Let’s talk.”
Rufist sensed that the time had come.
‘I can’t lie forever.’
I hoped they wouldn’t know until the end, but it was an alliance that I couldn’t help but tell if asked.
“okay.”
When I entered the conference room in the Tormia area, an albino was waiting in advance.
“What are you hiding from me?” Rufist let out a sigh.
“okay. It’s a decision made in haste. We are planning to use the beauty world using the flue.”
“Did your sister accept it too?”
“of course. No matter how subordinate he is, he ignores opinions and doesn’t make people do things like this.”
Shirone knew the flue.
“Isn’t that what you had to do? Anyway, this is not what I want.”
“late. that you have already entered You saw it too.”
“I can turn it back.”
“It’s a national strategy.”
“But it’s a strategy I haven’t discussed with you. I can’t help Tormia if it’s like this.”
Even Lufist, who prided himself on being the most cool-headed in the Magic Association, could not ignore his remarks.
“Are you threatening me?”
“no. That’s because the truth is. Because you can’t promote Ultima with anything you don’t mean.”
“good. Then we have no choice but to give up on you.”
Rufist had super-precipitation.
“I’ll bring my sister Fleur.”
“Why are you Fleur is my employee. Now you can’t interfere with what you say.”
“I am doing what I believe is right. It has always been, and it will continue to be.”
Rufist hit the table with a bang.
“What the hell is wrong with you!”
“evacuation. evacuation.”
As the voice rose, the albino at the table moved quietly and sat down on the sofa.
“You know where this is! Other countries are doing worse than this! Are you going to fight fair and square against those guys! I still think you’re a magic school student! 1st grade, 3rd class?”
Shirone shut his mouth.
“Listen. The reason we’re sitting here is because we’ve chosen to do the things that others don’t want to do. Of course, there must be noble things like hard work and training. But do you think that’s all there is to it? Sometimes you have to touch dirty things to win. I can solve the problem.”
“First grade, class 3.”
The albino gaze turned to Shirone.
“People who dreamed of their childhood ideals, believed that they could change something, and worked hard are now in this place.”
In Shirone’s mind, the years he had lived so far passed by like a kaleidoscope.
The Ogent family’s librarian, the magic school’s Class Seven, Five, Four, and even the graduating class.
Looking back, I think I was really young, but it was a time I was not ashamed of.
‘I fought with all my might.’
Even if it was like a child’s play, I don’t know if that’s why the adults were angry, but because I believed it was right.
‘I had the courage to do that.’ Is it that now everyone is frightened, pale in front of the monster that is the world, and forgot about it?
‘We all dreamed of it.’
Where did those gigantic children who could easily resist the monster’s tempting hand go?
“If even one percent of them had kept their convictions, the world wouldn’t be like this.”
“that’s right. That 1 percent doesn’t exist, that’s the reality. Everyone wants to be like that, but I hate being that 1 percent. Those are the three phases we live in. You know that. It’s not childish, don’t be childish.”
“inducement?”
Shirone’s eyebrows twitched.
“Since when did the value that human beings have to protect until the end become childish? Isn’t it cool to have a subordinate do that, because it’s not childish?”
“Not everyone is like you. Are you the one who makes me look funny? I am also giving up personal gain and working for the country. Same with Flu.”
“So they say I do it! An integrated mental system at any cost… … !”
“How do you do that!” Shirone was shocked when Lufist brought out the words she had stored in her heart.
“From the beginning… … Did you not believe it?”
“ha.”
Rufist stood up on his desk and lowered his head.
“Shirone, humans aren’t great. Resources are limited, and dealing with desire is still immature. They are only slightly civilized in hunting and gathering, but they are the same as primitive people who pursue money.”
He stared at Shirone.
“I don’t believe you? no i trust you You are mankind’s greatest wizard. If I had asked for a war, I would have bet not only my life, but also the entire population of Tormia on you. But it is not an integrated mental system. What I don’t believe in is not Yahweh, but humans.”
Shirone’s lips trembled.
“You don’t want to hurt Flu. Then bring me the solution. I mean, don’t just make a fuss, come up with a clear solution. You can’t just do your best.”
Rufist pointed to the table.
“Look at reality. What happened to Ymir’s Ultima, the only hope? Simultaneous events are also cut off. It means you couldn’t solve it. Because you couldn’t solve it, I’m trying to solve it.”
Shirone bit her molars.
“You have two choices. Either create something more here or give up. Flu will be fine for now. I’ll give you a day’s time.” Shirone turned around without answering.
After he left and the door closed, Lufist collapsed on a chair, his legs weak.
“Whoa.”
The albino finally opened his mouth.
“I was excited, unlike you. I’m talking about the kid. Are there any ways to coax you?”
“Because I am not a child.”
Rufist knocked on the desk.
“I never know. He is the one who directly experienced the entire history of mankind through Omega. You probably know more about human nature than I do.”
“Hmm.”
“Nevertheless, I am willing to fight for humanity. That contradiction creates conflict. It really makes me wonder if what he said is right.”
“It is not unique. The person who rises to the top of the world sacrifices everything, because it is something humans cannot do.”
“That’s right.”
So it’s even more regrettable.
“Of course, my thoughts do not change. If Tormia can become a leader country, they will do anything. the problem is… … It always asks the last question.”
“That’s a really embarrassing question.”
“yes. perhaps… …
Rufist looked out the window.
“The existence of Shirone is thought to be the last chance given to mankind.” Shirone, who came out of the meeting room, couldn’t move for a while with a dazed expression.
‘What else should I do here?’ Even if he mobilized all his abilities, the world seemed to be unmoving.
“Ah, sir… …
I wiped away the tears with my arms, but the sorrow did not go away.
‘why not?’
Couldn’t there be a way for everyone to be happy in this world?
‘There will be.’
Shirone moved on.
‘I don’t have time to be frustrated. Let’s think. More, more sacrifice, more responsibility… …
Hot tears wet his eyes.
Travis, who hid the amount of 1 million gold in his house, headed to his business.
“Hehe. Hehehe.”
The laughter didn’t stop.
‘I’m blooming my life now too. I can live without envying the nobility. Got it, you bastards?’
He could not forget the look on his wife’s face as if her heart had stopped the moment she opened the bag of gold coins.
My son ran wild and even promised to send me to school when I moved.
‘Yes, do it. I can do everything for you.’ Travis could not yet imagine how heavy the shackles were.
Entering the narrow street of Edia No. 2, I saw a scene of a brothel that was quiet during the day.
“Kyaaak!”
A woman’s scream.
“what?”
I didn’t pay attention to it because it was a common occurrence, but when I heard it again, it was my own business.
“okay! hit! If you have money, hit it!”
“Is that Candy’s voice?”
Realizing that the owner of the voice was Ace of his business, Travis quickly jumped out.
Upon entering the store, a man in his 30s who had been drunk since broad daylight was holding Candy by the hair.
“This crazy… … !”
Travis, whose eyes were filled with flesh, grabbed the thin man’s wrist and pulled him.
“Let go! Let go!”
The moment he knelt down, the palm of his hand, like a pot lid, mercilessly slapped the man on the cheek.
“Hey, you son of a bitch! Is this the Colosseum? Why are you beating people up? do you want to die?”
Candy pulled Trivis.
“brother! don’t do it! Then what if I go to prison again!”
“it’s okay. It’s enough to go.”
The man grabbed his sore wrist and shouted.
“What do you care about! We are in love! It was Candy who betrayed me!”
“Oh yeah?”
This time, when he raised his fist, not the palm of his hand, Candy hurriedly shoved the man away.
“Just go! I really die like this!”
An organization member who heard the commotion belatedly ran over and grabbed the man’s arms and pulled him out. When the situation was settled, Travis asked.
“hey. what is that child Is this really yours’?”
“no!”
Candy smoked a thin cigarette and let out a long puff of smoke.
“I am just a guest. They say he’s a fallen nobleman, but he was so pitiful that he gave me a credit.”
“credit? Haven’t you ever?”
“I took it out of my money. As the days go by, the alcohol gets worse, and now they are asking to get married.”
“Crazy.”
Travis looked around the alley and said.
“Hey, you have a problem too. What does it matter if that guy is screwed or not? care about your life.”
“Ah, okay. I hate to say more.”
Candy muttered, smoking a cigarette again.
“no way… … You wouldn’t commit suicide to that extent, would you?”
“ha.”
Actually, it’s not that I don’t understand.
How many opportunities would there be for a life working in a place like this to sympathize with someone?
‘Tsk tsk, sad things.’
Grabbing Candy’s cigarette, he gestured.
“Hey, everyone gather around.”
He pulled out a heavy bag at a gathering of saleswomen and gang members.
“Take it. Divide it evenly.”
The thump was unusual, but people thought it was a silver coin at best.
“what? Brother, what else are you doing?” The moment Candy opened her pocket, everyone present widened their eyes at her.
“Huh!”
What is the brilliant color of gold coins?
“Brother, what is this? It is a large gold coin!”
Candy quickly knocked over the bag and laid out all the gold coins on the table.
“How much is this? brother! Please explain.”
“Puhahaha! why are you surprised? By any chance, did you think that this baekgu would rot in a place like this for the rest of its life?”
“brother! Did you succeed?”
Since he had already seen the money, the reason was good.
“okay. We are also going to Yangji. Candy, you said you wanted to be a singer, right? sun! My brother will push you.”
“older brother! Congratulations!”
Travis’ neck stiffened as the gang members formally bowed their heads.
The white bear, who was always honest, also caught on in his ears, and the weasel, who was only thinking about stabbing him in the back, had his eyes burning.
No matter what, they were the only people who followed him for 20 years.
“brother! best!”
The women who suddenly made a lot of money rushed to Baek-gu and hugged him.
‘As expected, money is good.’
How could he be treated like this even if he only spent 1 percent of the money he received from Myron?
A hot fire burned in my chest.
‘It doesn’t stop here. Going higher, to the top of the sky
all.’
It was being grilled.

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 1134 - Colossal Coordination (3).txt
===============================
Colossal Adjustment (3)
Shirone looked sadly at her planet, which was moving farther and farther away.
‘It’s that small… …
Why can’t I integrate?
They fought desperately for humanity, but it seems they couldn’t save even a single life.
Ultima System.
Knowing what is right, acknowledging differences, and dreaming of a world where everyone is precious… … .
“Is that stupid?”
-If you are strong enough to protect the whole world, please listen to everyone.
Guffin’s words came to mind.
‘ sorry.’
I guess I’m not as strong as my father.
Tears flowed from the sadness of not knowing herself and the longing for Guffin.
Ikael watched it.
‘How hard is it?’ Unless she is a guffin, even she will not be able to fully embrace Yahweh’s heart.
As Shirone entered the room, wiping away tears, Ikael put his hand on Amy’s shoulder.
“Go.”
“but… … Do I deserve it?”
What can I say?
“Qualifications don’t matter. Please just stay by my side. That alone will be of great strength.”
Just like Guffin did to Ikael.
“yes.”
Encouraged, Amy walked to the door.
all.
“Shirone.”
Upon entering the room, Shirone, who had been sobbing, hurriedly stood up, covering her face.
“uh? huh.”
“What’s going on?”
To that planet that has now gone too far.
“No, nothing happened.”
I knew that Shirone would not tell me what happened in the same incident.
“Isn’t it very difficult?”
As Amy sat next to her and rubbed her back, Shirone dug into her arms.
Amy was surprised for a moment, but calmed down again when she saw Shirone’s trembling shoulders.
she asked in a whisper.
“What is it?”
“… … I think I’m ruining everything.”
Amy’s eyes turned red.
“The idea of saving everyone made it impossible to save even one person. It’s all a mess. Now I don’t even know what I’m fighting for Mr. Rufist is right. The world would be better than it is now without me.”
“it is not so.”
Amy stroked Shirone’s hair.
“It’s a little longer than others. I can’t see the end, so it just feels like I’m lost. But you are running straight. From the first time I met you… …
A timid boy who didn’t know the world.
“until now.”
Until you become Yahweh.
“I’ve never hated you.”
Amy laughed mischievously as Shirone, who stopped her tears, escaped from her arms.
“Yes, Ultima.”
Her fist hit Shirone in the chest.
She blinked, not knowing how to react, shyly averting her gaze.
“The reason people don’t understand you is probably because you can see your own destination. But not alone. No matter how far you go, there are people who will go with you to the end. Me, my friends, Ikael… …
“Amy.”
When Shirone began to cry again, Amy came closer and hugged her head-on.
“You weren’t wrong. I believe so.”
“??????huh.”
The tears hadn’t stopped yet, but now Shirone was able to move forward again.
The 230th floor of the Ivory Tower.
Taeseong, who was bound by Taegeuk’s power, looked at Singh with a cold expression.
“Thing, we… …
The moment Taeseong’s mouth opens.
“Kuk!”
Yin and Yang both frowned at the same time, and the power of Taegeuk began to collapse.
all.
‘why?’
The fate of Gemini is twisted due to the pyramids built around the world.
“Sing! The law is changing!” Yangji screams.
“Ahhh! done! Now the universe is doomed! It’s all over!”
The voice cried out.
As the restraining force weakened exponentially, Taeseong looked left and right and suddenly jumped out.
Ting shouted.
“stop!”
The ultimate fulfillment of the law.
The obsession that destroys probability has completely frozen the law at this moment.
“ha. ha.”
The yin and yang were out of breath.
‘I prevented Taegeuk from collapsing. But if it’s like this, even Sing-nim won’t be able to move.’
Taeseong, who was arrested again, made a painful expression.
“Sing, don’t do this.”
“You tried to kill me too.”
“no! I was just trying to help you! If Baal topples the ivory tower… … !”
“shut up. I don’t want to hear the words of illusion. I will judge, I will act.”
Taeseong cried.
“Why don’t you believe me? You know. This is me who has fought for humanity and to protect my children.”
Thing’s nose twisted.
“… … You can’t prove it.”
Proof that existence other than myself is not an illusion.
“In a situation where the fate of mankind is driven to the brink, it is not a matter of floating around. If we can’t prove this proposition, Cell Buster could destroy mankind.”
“I will stop you. I’ll convince Argones. You will definitely listen to me.”
“I told you to shut up!”
As the stubbornness grew stronger, Taeseong’s mouth hardened, and Singh’s body was also fixed to the world.
While Baal, the commander of the 1st corps, quickly reversed the tower, Shirone faced great resistance.
“damn! Why do you have to fight like this?”
“Oh Daesung! Give up!”
Upon reaching the 172nd floor, there were many residents who followed Singh’s philosophy.
“Catch it on this floor!”
Even ordinary residents were called the best intellect in other countries.
Above all, among the residents who pressured Shirone were the world’s 100 most dangerous people.
“Oh Daesung! I refute you with my death!”
“Keugh!”
An old man pulled out a dagger and tried to cut his throat, but Shirone charged.
He shouted as he snatched the dagger.
“stop it! Why are you doing this?”
A man in a suit stretched out his hand and shouted from the rooftop of a four-story square building.
“For the implementation of the truth!”
“Blick.”
One of the world’s 100 most dangerous people, there was a record of embezzling 13 trillion gold through financial fraud.
“Shirone, you are wrong. Why don’t you know that one single judgment of yours can destroy the entire human race?”
“no. I will protect you.”
Blick let out a sigh at the gaze that did not back down.
“I can’t help it. I respect you but… …
he pointed down.
“I will destroy it.”
When I looked where my fingers pointed, a woman was strangling her husband.
“no!”
Shirone teleported away and pushed her away, closing the iron door firmly.
Without even time to look back, I heard a thump as I checked to see if my husband was alive or dead.
The woman was banging her head against the wall.
“Yaaaa!”
Shirone rushed to the ground and grabbed her head with his chest.
“Keugh! please… … Stun it with the Miracle Stream.
“Stop it!”
At the same time as the woman collapsed with a thump, the lights in the building came on.
Shirone’s eyes, which looked ahead, shook in shock.
“this… …
There were residents in traps installed everywhere, and they were interlocked with complex machinery.
‘Where do I deal with it?’
He analyzed the organ with his unique insight, but it was so complex that he was bewildered.
‘No, more than that… …
More complicated was the design of the mind.
‘I can’t save them all.’
The basic mechanism is that when you save a villager on the left, the villager on the right dies.
‘In addition, men, women, old people and young people are distinguished, the intensity of pain, the type of death, and even the condition of the corpse… …
It was a trap with all the calculations to attack Shirone’s heart.
Just by looking at the device’s personality, you could tell who the designer was.
‘Fito. Decker. Magrasia.’
A masterpiece created by the world’s top 100 dangerous people, such as labyrinth designers, drug researchers, and cult leaders.
“We will tell you our will.” Imprisoned, Peto cut the rope with a knife, and a huge blade was directed at his throat.
“Keugh!”
Without even time to make a decision, Shirone rushed in and spread the Miracle Stream.
As the smoke of light grabbed the blade, the syringe from the barbed wire on the other side came down.
“Huh!”
A woman with a needle inserted into her wrist shuddered as the poison was injected.
Shirone thought while pulling out the needle.
‘If I pull this out… …
Seven bars catch fire, and three bars fall down the open floor.
“damn!”
The inhabitants of the Ivory Tower are those who see through the essence of Yahweh and use even their own lives as fuel.
‘Why so far… …
Their convictions struck Shirone’s spirit.
‘Am I really wrong?’
After extinguishing the iron bars that were on fire, he went back downstairs and caught the falling iron bars.
‘This is the only route.’
That’s how the calculations ended, but Blique’s design was brutally perfect.
‘I was tricked.’
It was designed like a problem that could be solved, but in fact it was a trap with no right answer.
As all the traps in the building were activated, the residents were driven to death.
The sight itself became a bullet and pierced his chest.
“ah?… ”
Everyone dies.
‘I’m ruining everything. Because of me, if it wasn’t for me, he wouldn’t have died… …
Perhaps the inhabitants of the Ivory Tower were able to destroy the spirit of Yahweh.
But at that moment, Amy’s words jumped out of space and struck her in the brain.
‘I’m not lost.’
It’s just that it’s so far away, and I feel like I’m lost because I can’t see the end.
“You are not wrong.”
Cirone’s eyes widened as she regained her shaky spirit, and the Hand of God was born.
And tens of thousands of small hands differentiated and manipulated all the devices of the trap.
‘How do you think of making something like this?’
No matter how you release it, it is double or triple connected, and you have no choice but to die in the end.
‘It has to be solved at the same time.’
Even a question without an answer can become an answer by itself when viewed from afar.
‘done!’
When the trap was disarmed, hundreds of pre-planted bombs hit the detonators simultaneously.
In the moment of a huge flame rising, Shirone integrated the Hand of God.
‘It doesn’t matter how far away it is.’
With a cause that overwhelms all professional leaders like that.
‘I run all the way.’ The moment the bomb exploded and the building shook, Blick gently closed his eyes.
‘This is the last one.’
The building exploded with a roar and a huge golden hand stretched out into the sky.
Blick, who opened his eyes to the warm energy felt from his back, realized the situation.
‘Wasn’t it shaken?’
After a while, the Hand of God put the villagers on the ground without exception.
Everyone was in a state of fainting, and Blick, the only one who was awake, approached Shirone.
“I lost.”
The one who succeeded was Shirone.
“It was an honor to be able to face Oh Dae-sung.”
Shirone opened her eyes and said.
“Don’t do this again.”
“I see. Because the conclusion has been made. Somehow, it seems that our strength is not enough.”
The moment Blick finished speaking, a piece of amulet flew under Shirone’s feet.
“Kuk!”
As I hurriedly threw my body, 1 square meter of the seat I was standing on melted into lava.
‘This???????’
It was a familiar skill.
“I’m sorry to meet you in this way, Oh Dae-sung.”
A man with an amulet all over his body waved the amulet between his index and middle fingers.
It was Heigang City, a 3-star resident of the Ministry of Law.

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 1135 - Colossal Coordination (4).txt
===============================
Colossal Adjustment (4)
Shirone’s expression became serious.
“Black River City.”
Except for the fact that he was a shaman from the Moon Kingdom, much of it was a person who was covered in a veil.
‘That amulet is tricky.’
It was difficult to block the method of carrying out the law with the power contained in a specific object with Hexa.
“Are you sure you want to stop me?” Unlike the villagers, if it was the star of the ivory tower, Shirone did not need to show mercy.
“You won’t know until you try.”
As soon as Heukangshi finished speaking, flashes of teleportation fell around Shirone.
‘Tanjura, Daeho.’
1-star stars and moons of the Ministry of Justice.
‘Borbor.’
Then, Borbor, a 2-star star in the balance department, landed with the back of Shirone suppressed.
‘A total of six stars.’
I was ahead in the number of stars, but even so, I didn’t think it was balanced.
“I could die.” The corners of the mouth twitched upward on the face of Hokgangsi, which was covered by the amulet.
“It is a very human word. Who do you think we are?”
In an ivory tower where even the residents risked their lives, life was more insignificant than belief.
A battle began as the residents who regained consciousness retreated to the outer wall of the tower.
The Miracle Stream surged up to the ceiling, and the stars and satellites changed their positions at the same time.
cried Supreme Court Justice Tanjura.
“300 years in prison for the crime of inciting trouble in the ivory tower ahead of the crisis of mankind! Ah, the crime of falling into the house and misjudging, imprisonment
273 years!”
As his ability ‘Judgment Statement’ was activated, a restraining force began to dwell in Shirone’s body.
Borbor shook his head.
“It’s no use.”
All the stars of the Ministry of Law deal with the law, but it was Yahweh that even Singh could not block.
‘Of course I know.’
Nevertheless, Tanjura continued to issue judgments.
“600 years in prison for ignoring the Supreme Court’s ruling and escaping! A sin of appeal without repentance! 987 years in prison!”
The more Shirone refused to pass the judgment, the more the weight of guilt in Tanju Ra’s judgment increased.
‘Someday I’ll get caught.’
The proof was that hundreds of amulets blown by Heukangshi were gradually biting Shirone’s tail.
“Add 800 years because you do not repent! Add another 800 years! Another 800 years added!”
After 20,000 years in prison, Shirone’s movements were finally restrained.
“execution.”
At the same time as Tanjura delivered the final verdict, his satellite Daeho drew his twin swords.
The ability of ‘Jakdu’, which is activated in the ‘imprisonment’ state, is equivalent to Lian’s Divine Transcendence.
‘it’s over.’
The moment the amulet clung to Shirone’s body and the sharp cutting power of the head bit the nape of her neck.
‘Hand skill!’
Shirone is gone.
“damn!”
If everyone is 100 percent sure, Shirone can fool their minds.
‘A double-edged sword. But it never fails.’
The problem of the heart was not something that could be corrected right away just because it was known.
“Dangerous!”
Borbor shouted, and a huge fist of light flew towards the ganglion.
‘I can’t stop it.’
Heukgangshi, crouching in the sky, burned all the amulets attached to his body.
The brilliance exploded, and through the Hand of God, Shirone felt an enormous shockwave.
‘Did you stop it?’
A long, thin breath was heard.
“Whoa.”
Heukangshi’s body, with all the amulets gone, was shining as bright as the sun.
“It’s been 20 years since I’ve seen this.”
“Baekgang City.”
Even though the talisman was gone, the magic of the Moon Kingdom was engraved on his body.
Tanjura brushed his beard.
‘Hokgangsi has no satellites. Because when the seal is broken, he becomes a different human being.’
According to Taeseong, Baekgang City was at the 4-star level.
‘Like the yin and yang, the sex brain, and Louver, they’re little different beings to be called humans.’
As if fuel evaporated, a haze shook Baekgangshi’s long, hard body.
“Yahweh, I am a being born as a weapon of the law in the kingdom of Moon. There are 88 spells dwelling in my body.”
Each one was truly the strongest spell.
‘It’s full of turmoil, that person too.’
The life he lived until he became a star in the ivory tower, treated as a non-human weapon.
‘Everyone has their own baggage.’
The stars of the Ivory Tower were impossible to convince because he had decided to shoulder them himself.
said Tanjura, flapping her fan.
“We are not ordinary citizens. You can kill it, but you can’t save it.”
Even so, it was unpleasant that Shirone was acquitted.
‘It’s the skill of the hand. It’s really creepy.’ The victim may feel cheated, but in reality, that is the reality.
‘As it stands, the judgment is useless. To block Yahweh, you must first break the heart.’
Borbor, who made the same judgment, said to Mika, who was dwelling in his body.
‘Scan the five great castles.’ When Mika, an electromagnetic creature, scans Yahweh for information, she will imitate him.
– This is a risky tactic. Yahweh’s feelings are predicted to be of a kind not in the database.
‘It’s the only way.’
Once mimicking the mind, Borvor can change the opponent’s emotions at will.
‘It leads to a sense of shame and destroys the mind.’
As the satellite Mika electrified, the Miracle Stream twisted like a snake.
‘Did you react?’
– I think you’ll be faster than me. He thought he knew Shirone, but meeting him as an enemy was a different level of difficulty.
“Oh Daesung.”
Baek Kang-shi’s body burned like steam.
“It is an honor to know.”
The body, which accumulated all kinds of magic, became a talisman and flooded Shirone.
‘The Power of Power.’
As the fist with the swirl pattern struck the ground, an explosion shook the floor.
Shirone’s skin was tingling.
‘It’s not easy either.’
As Tanjura’s verdict restrained his body, he could feel Borbor’s gaze.
‘I don’t want to kill you.’
Aren’t they still fighting for humanity?
“… … Stop now.”
“It’s great too. Relaxing in front of the stars of the ivory tower.”
Baek Kang-shi did not stop.
“But we can’t.”
The hieroglyphs engraved on his abdomen began to contort into his muscles.
‘Three thousand worlds.’
The abdomen burst open, and rainbow-colored fragments rotated as if looking through a kaleidoscope.
‘Buddha?’
Shirone, who came up with a sermon from each color, defended it with the Hand of God.
“Opening.”
The release of a huge energy wave scratched the surface of Hexa and pierced the walls of the Ivory Tower.
“Big!”
It was probably the essence of the human talisman called Baegangshi, which could not be used twice.
‘Something like that… … To spend it on people, not the world.
“You fools!”
Tanjura’s judgment broke through 20,000 years again, and Borbor hugged Shirone.
‘Mika.’
A fleeting moment when a spark arises.
-Scan complete.
Following the dry voice, Borbor’s mind accepted Yahweh’s feelings as they were.
‘This is the end.’
In the mental space where Pia disappeared, Shirone and Borbor faced each other.
Tears welled up in her left eye.
“……uh?”
It was so huge that emotions that I couldn’t feel at first covered my entire body.
Ah ah ah ah ah!
In the world of the spirit, tears flooded and filled her space.
-shock! Shock! Cessation cut off… …
In the storm of emotions that even Mika’s voice was buried, Borbor realized.
‘I can’t even imitate it.’
She wouldn’t be able to handle even a part of the misery that Shirone felt.
‘How can I hold on?’
No, why do you have to go this far?
‘It’s so unfair. One human… … It’s a world that has to go this far.’
The resentment broke through the limit and penetrated my mind, and I finally lost my consciousness.
“Borbor!”
While the other stars watched, Shirone hugged Borbor and shouted.
“Wake!”
An electric current ran through her body, and her closed eyelids slowly lifted.
‘Mika??????
– Completed defibrillation. but soon dies Your heart has already been destroyed.
Like a rubber band that has lost its elasticity, her spirit could no longer dwell in reality.
“… … Oh Dae-sung.”
Borbor opened his mouth.
“I’m sorry.”
Thing couldn’t be persuaded.
No matter what Borbor says, it’s because from Sing’s point of view, it’s false information.
‘It’s not different from me. Knowing humans best, yet not trusting humans.’
But Shirone was different.
‘It doesn’t matter if it’s real or fake.’
Even if it’s an illusion, it would be beautiful if it were a world where such feelings could dwell.
“Please send five stars.”
Of course the stars of the ivory tower won’t change their minds with just a few words.
“please.”
Borbor showed his expression for the first time.
It felt like that.
“joy.”
When Borbor died, amulets flew from all sides and sealed Baek Kang-shi’s body.
“Oh Dae-seong, it is not that you have changed your mind. It is the sadness of losing a big star.”
All the stars of the ivory tower loved her.
“Borbor is… …
The life that Syrone knew as Omega lasted until the age of four, but that was enough.
“He was a man of great courage.” – Your heart has stopped. While her blood flow was cut off and brain death progressed, Mika spoke to Bor Bor.
‘okay. Biologically already dead. You too get out of my body now. Thank you for that time.’
Mika seemed lost in thought.
-I will stay here.
‘I can’t think of any more. If you stay here, it’s the same as if you die.’
-is it so. I bet it is.
Since Mika had no feelings for her, Borbor felt puzzled by the satellite’s words.
-It’s a calculation that parasitizing on your silence is much more constructive than parasitizing on someone else’s mind.
‘Whoops, yes.’
With Mika, I wondered if death would be like falling into a long sleep.
‘When I open my eyes again… …
A kaleidoscope passed by.
Borbor, born in Moray Market, was abused by his stepfather at the age of three.
By the time I left home at the age of 17, my father had changed three times, and they were all terrible people.
All she did while her mother was selling was sitting on the market floor.
“Oh, there’s a kink over there. Hey, break it!”
At the age of 12, she had grown tall without even having time to gain weight, and was teased by her peers.
“Hey, you! I’ll give you money if you play with us. shall we go together?”
Public security was also a mess, and traffickers often talked to me in broad daylight.
“I’ll treat you well. Let’s go together.” Whenever that happens, Borbor just observes the distance with his slender body crouched.
‘It’s not scary.’
The scariest thing is at home.
In a bad way, she became a market specialty and became a spectacle.
“ah.”
Then one day, I suddenly realized.
‘It’s not looking at me.’
The fact that there is no difference between people watching you and yourself watching people.
“… … Borbor.”
Looking at the cold Borbor with sad eyes, Shirone grabbed her hand.
‘Please rest in peace.’
At that moment, I felt a thrilling current through my fingertips, and a voice spread in my head.
-I have something important to tell you.
‘Mika?’

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 1136 - Big Coordination (5).txt
===============================
Colossal Adjustment (5)
When Shirone asked, the dry voice began to sound like an auditory hallucination again.
– That’s what Borbor called. But my real name is not Mika.
‘then?’
-I am Borbor.
Shirone’s brow wrinkled.
-Of course, the body that died a while ago is also Borbor. I am her analytical mind.
‘He made you himself?’
-yes. The extreme stress placed on her brain waves caused me to separate.
Twelve-year-old Borbor was also aware while watching the people on the street.
‘They’re not looking at me. You are seeing yourself looking at me.’
The border between Pia and Pia collapsed, and from then on, Borbor stopped observing people.
Her gaze turned inward to herself.
-The realization of that day helped Borbor in his life. Because she was able to look into herself and understand all human attributes.
‘To know myself is to know a human being. It is only possible with long thought and deep insight.’
– But life was not happy. Still, she was weak, and she had to watch her work-weary mother and her father’s constant violence.
“alcohol! hey! Bring a drink!”
Borbor could only get some money if her mother was in a good mood.
It wasn’t particularly difficult because he had an eye for penetrating other people’s emotions… … .
“Such an incomprehensible thing!”
The verbal abuse and violence inflicted on him every day gradually made Borbor’s heart ail.
‘Human hatred.’
Even my stepfather’s tendencies are in me, so hatred for humans is hatred for myself.
“These beggar families!”
A mother who collapsed with blood and a broken wine bottle. Borbor was brutally beaten that day.
“die! die!”
As his consciousness gradually faded, the stepfather’s face suddenly turned pale.
“you… … who is this?”
Feeling as if he were the person on the floor, he was overcome with unknown fear.
“well. Who am I?”
“Ah, such a crazy kid…
Borbor pulled his stepfather, who was trying to escape, with both arms and whispered in his ear.
The feeling of being conveyed through someone else’s mouth that I couldn’t bear to say out of my mouth.
“Black! Whoops!”
And when morning came, he hung himself by hanging a rope from the ceiling.
The mother came to her senses and drank without saying anything, while Borbor huddled in a corner and thought.
‘He killed a man. No, am I the one who died?’
In a state where Pia’s vigilance had collapsed, her spirit was rapidly dying.
And then.
-hello? nice to meet you?
A spark ignited in her brain and she began to see bluish electricity in front of her eyes.
Borbor asked.
“Who are you?”
Mother turned her head away, but frowned for a moment, then lost interest.
-well? What is it? hello?
Borbor smiled broadly.
“Mika.”
Shirone nodded.
‘It’s said that he made you and escaped right before the boundary of Pia collapsed.’
-yes. Actually I am a very weak electrical signal. Born from Borbor’s brain.
‘But why are you telling me this?’
Mika said the main point.
-Borbor respected you for sacrificing for humanity. Always wanted to help.
‘ okay??????
Shirone cried.
-The main body died, but I remained. maybe i can help you
‘huh?’
-I don’t know how this electrical signal is defined in reality, but it must be a very peculiar phenomenon. Now I will permeate the world again and return to my original state, but I know I can come back.
‘Hmm.’
The electricity that sees the whole world
If you exist as an entity beyond appearances -don’t worry. I will not dwell on anyone but Borbor. Existence doesn’t mean much to me. i just want to help you
‘What do you think?’
– The moment will come when you will need me. Borbor did it, so it must be right. Of course, it would have been better if she had done it herself, but that’s impossible now. It may be an illusion, but Mika looked sad.
-If you need my help, please call me Mika. It will respond to your voice.
‘but… … You are Borbor.’ I thought maybe I could feel the life of Borbor through Mika.
-I like the name Mika.
After reading a long aftertaste from the short answer, Shirone decided to follow her words.
‘okay. okay.’
When the electric current in her fingertips disappeared, Shirone stood up and looked around.
The stars were invisible and a cold wind was blowing through the hole made by the three thousand worlds.
“My name is Mika.”
Suddenly, a weak current passed through his body.
-yes. did you call
Shirone blinked and cleared his throat.
‘No, I was just muttering. sorry. We just broke up, so it’s very embarrassing.’
-are you okay. Borbor was a human being, but I, who have already been assimilated into the world, have no concept of time. To tell you a few things, Baal has risen to the 76th floor. Above other ivory tower stars
striking…….
Mika relayed key information about what was happening inside the Ivory Tower through brain waves.
‘This… … It’s really amazing.’
Borbor’s Legacy Mika was able to process all the information in the world at the same time.
– Call me again if needed.
The electric current flowing through his body disappeared, indicating that Mika had left again.
After savoring the feeling for a while, Shirone looked up at the ceiling and murmured.
“Portrait.”
When I was in magic school, I remembered a story I had with my friends at the supernatural and psychic science research club.
‘Only at the end of the world… …
A bitter smile formed on Shirone’s lips.
“I still found it, Nade.”
A forest outside the Holy See.
Shirone’s party and Eden watched a terrible ceremony at the town hall.
Seina felt indignant at the fact that one of them was Maximus whom she respected.
‘Selling your soul to Satan!’ However, the holy eye was not activated, and the holy sword Astacia did not shine right now.
‘okay??????
Seina became sullen.
‘I don’t deserve to punish evil. From the beginning, my faith was fake.’
Eden looked at her and said.
“Let’s move our seats. Talking in the middle of enemy lines is also uneasy.”
Shirone and the others, who hid themselves on the outskirts of the village, sat in a circle in the shade.
“Eden, how did you get here?”
“The Harvits assassination failed, and I was lost. So I went to see Master.”
A blue light flashed in her eyes.
“Saint. I’ve been chasing the evil energy with these eyes. There is great evil here.”
Seina was surprised.
“how?”
Does that mean that Yora can have the castle that only a paladin from Lamica can open?
“This is nonsense! It is Lamigyo who believes in Krea! There are no gods in Jordan.”
Eden said.
“Because fighting evil is the same. But it’s the wrong way. In Lamie religion, it is said that the messenger of God needs three things. A holy weapon, a holy power, a disciplined organization.” “But you must have seen it on your way here. It’s twisted because you’re only obsessed with what you see. Paladins have been brainwashed, and heretic judges torture themselves in order to torture others.”
“Don’t make decisions based on parts alone. It is true that they made mistakes, but it is a church that has defeated evil for many years.”
“Then one day Satanism infiltrated Lamieism.”
Eden ignored it and continued.
“Of course, it’s not that I don’t understand. Even the most clergy could not be free from emotional illness. No, it must have been more difficult because there were many things to protect. The demons came in looking for that gap in your heart.”
Seina bit her lip.
“It’s not just here. Even among the cardinals of each country, there are many people who have fallen for Satanism. Lamie religion is the world’s largest religion, so how many people believe in Satanism under it? Soon the whole world… …
“stop!”
Seina shouted.
“Is the world’s biggest religion wrong? Then what about Jordan? There must be people among the Jorah who have fallen for Satanism.”
“No, there is no such yorah.”
“lie! Do you think I would believe that?”
“Because from the moment I fell for Satanism, I was no longer Jorah. then you tell me Are the priests over there now still priests to you?” Seina couldn’t speak.
“You understand now? what is visible. Position, rank, purity, and divine power. Of course, it takes noble conviction to obtain it, but that in itself is no measure of goodness. Rather, evil takes advantage of that rigidity.”
Eden was once like that.
“The voice of Satan’s heart I heard was terrible, but it was by no means rare or special. rather… … The most human, the deepest resonance.”
“I know.”
Seina honestly admitted.
“I became a paladin and defeated evil. But the more I did, the more unknown it became. What is a line? I thought that harming the evil or cutting the demons was good… …
Both hands were stained with blood.
“The founder of Yogurism, the first Jorah, said this. The power of good is not the ability to eliminate evil, but the ability to change evil to good. Therefore, that power can never be in the form of destroying something, and can only be achieved through self-sacrifice.”
“sacrifice??????
Eden made a sullen face.
“Actually, this is what I also heard from Master. Of course, it’s still hard to understand everything and even hard to imitate, but it’s the foundation of my strength. You feel the power of good. You will definitely be able to regain your divine power.”
Seina smiled.
Although he was comforted by Jorah of another church, he now realized something.
‘What you see is not important.’ it’s mind
“Oh, and.”
Eden turned to Shirone.
“I knew you would be here. The reason why I was sent to the Holy See is because I have something to say. This is what 300 Yorahs gathered and discussed.
“But I thought to make a religion “I know. But Yor doesn’t discriminate between sects. so i can help Only those who stand up alone can love the whole world, this is the teaching of the first Jorah.”
Eruki said.
“There is a corner that resembles Shirone.”
Eden hesitated for a moment before opening his mouth.
“After hearing the tradition, I had the same thought. have a lot in common Practicing love and philanthropy. A mindset that places more importance on the invisible.”
Seina asked.
“Then has he also ascended to the realm of Yahweh?”
“no. According to tradition, he didn’t even have divine power. He didn’t have any special powers to fight evil.”
“But since I defeated countless powerful evils, isn’t it handed down to this age?”
“It wasn’t described precisely, but when I heard about the previous win, just one thing popped into my mind.”
Eden looked back at Shirone.
“Demon sword Armand.”
“huh?”
“The object you carried. I think the first owner of that sword was probably the 1st Yoh.”
“Armand… … I remembered the face of a woman who, when asked who she was, replied that she was sharpening a knife.

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 1137 - Key keyword(1).txt
===============================
Key keyword(1)
Uorin got up from the rug, gulped down a glass of cold water, and sat down at the table.
Kido approached her as she pressed her temples and was lost in thought.
“Are you okay now?”
Suddenly realizing Kido’s presence, Uorin turned her head and waved her hand.
” get out.”
Kido frowned.
“That’s right, you speak really nicely.” Can’t even say thank you to a friend who ran to the crisis situation in a month.
‘I’m sure they’re friends.’
At least that much, I thought.
“it’s okay. take care of it.”
Seeing him coldly turn around and head outside, Uorin made a displeased expression.
“Kid too.”
When he turned around, she had a friendly eye smile.
“Thank you for protecting me. Would you like some tea?”
The goblin’s lips pouted.
‘Anyway, lies… … He knew at least the heart of a person who endured a long time to meet Shirone.
‘Something like me wouldn’t even come into my eyes.’
Kido turned around again.
“I’ll go. I am the captain of Kashan’s guards. he has a lot to do Call me if anything happens.”
When the door closed like that, the expression disappeared from Uorin’s face as if it had never happened.
With a thump, her hand hit the table.
“Kayden.”
It was a key keyword for the future found through a combination of history search and future poetry. From now on, it was the realm of thinking.
‘The biggest factor with Cayden is the problem related to the prison break.’
At Arachne’s banquet, Cayden’s right hand almost made a big mistake.
‘Even when the law was twisted, he retained his initial inertia to attack Marcus. it’s a jailbreak. But why? How does he affect the future?’
Her thoughts raced fast.
‘of course… … It must be Maya.’
A famous singer from Tormia, only she can influence Caden’s heart.
“Hmm.”
Uorin crossed her legs and rested her chin.
“But why?”
you’re just a singer
‘Giant pyramids were built in each country. Humanity is steadily approaching destruction. But maya? The voice of a person in this situation… …
Uorin’s thoughts stopped.
“Ultima System.”
She became a human body through many generations, but at one time she was also Gaia.
‘Yeah, I can’t think of anything else. This is a problem related to the integrated mental system.’
The meaning of the keywords was analyzed, but that was all she could infer.
‘I don’t know the process. There are too many gaps in the logical context. This is nothing but a delusion.’
Uorin’s eyes glowed golden.
‘Future Poetry!’
The moment I endured the pain and checked the timeline again, the shock was so intense that my brain seemed to explode.
“Keugh!”
Due to the changes in the law led by the 12 signs of the zodiac, the time waves were vibrating like an earthquake.
In the end, she couldn’t bear the motion sickness caused by the overlapping of hundreds of incidents, so she blocked her ability.
“it’s annoying.”
In this state, it would be difficult to even find keywords, let alone predict the future.
‘Anyway, Maya. And Cayden.’
Where are the two of them and what are they doing now?
The ensemble room at the Delta headquarters.
The world’s most famous musicians gathered in one place to practice. Numerous emotions clashed in the preparation for the performance that would mark the finale of the temple.
As each of them was an entertainer representing their country, it was impossible not to have a competitive spirit.
said the gig manager.
“There will be full-scale rehearsals soon. Take a break for about 10 minutes.”
Artists who stopped practicing like knives confiscated their faces and scattered as if they had never done that.
“Whoa.”
When Maya relaxed and sighed, Reina came over and patted her shoulder.
“great job. He did well.”
“Reina sister.”
Among those from Tormia, only Maya and Ray were of such high level that they were selected for the finale performance.
“I thought I was going to die because it was difficult. Others are great. You never make a mistake.”
“Whoops, it’s not like that. Everyone is doing it desperately.”
Cayden brought water.
“Maya, drink this. Please take Reina too.”
Falmus, the head of Maya’s agency, couldn’t attend the temple, so Kayden volunteered to be the manager.
Maya returned the water cup and said.
“Thank you, Kayden. To be honest, it’s my first time playing an ensemble, so I’m really nervous, but I’m glad you’re here.”
“don’t worry. I don’t know much about music, but I liked your voice the most.”
As Maya’s cheeks slowly blushed, Reina, who was watching her, smiled.
‘Jeong is scary.’
Then I heard a voice from the sofa.
“Hey, you.”
The woman sitting proudly with her legs crossed was El Qiana, the world’s greatest singer.
“Bring me some water too.” Cayden met Rayna’s gaze and approached, pulling out a new cup from her bag.
“Ah yes.”
“for a moment.”
Maya stepped in front of Cayden and said.
“Kaden is my manager.”
“so?”
“Don’t you have to beg pardon to ask for a favor? And don’t talk nonsense.”
El Qiana’s eyebrows narrowed and the foreign artists watched with interest.
‘I thought he was gentle, but he’s poisonous. There aren’t many guys who have flesh left over from El Qiana.’
El Qiana looked around.
“Whoever the manager is, I’m not the real Manny anyway. We are preparing for the finale Diva performance right now, but is there any other male in this room besides him?”
“Kaden is not a hired man. He’s my friend, and he’s willing to help.”
El Qiana covered her mouth and laughed.
“To attract. do you know you don’t know? It would be obvious if you brought a man to a place like this.”
Maya didn’t lose either.
“What are you thinking? Cayden is just a friend! No relationship! ah… …
Maya hurriedly looked at Cayden, but he didn’t show it and smiled.
“Maya, we’re all performing together anyway. I can do water errands.”
“But he treats you carelessly.”
That’s true, but Cayden didn’t want to create any trouble here.
‘It’s a big deal if my right hand moves.’
Also, the biggest problem was the legal change that had happened to him a few hours ago.
‘It’s not quite right yet. However, if he swung the sword right now, he might not be able to exert the same power as before.
‘There’s no need to make enemies needlessly.’
With that thought in hand, El Qiana looked Kayden up and down.
“joy.”
Snatching the water bottle, she said.
“I know you are lucky. The people here, even the royal family, have to wait months before they can see it. And the water bottle I drank is destroyed in front of my eyes. What are you going to do with it… …
“Mr. El Qiana.” Just as Maya was about to argue again, the door opened and a man with a strict impression entered.
U Q”
Even El Qiana, the overwhelming celebrity, couldn’t hide her stern expression when she saw him.
‘Pannier? Is that person in charge?’ As the world’s best performance planner, it has produced numerous musicians, and El Qiana was one of them.
There was no one who didn’t know him on this floor, so the atmosphere in the practice room froze in an instant.
Panier, who slowly examined the faces of the entertainers, spoke in a cold voice.
“What are you doing? Aren’t you going to practice?”
‘It’s still the same.’
Those who had heard of Panier’s notoriety gathered on the stage without muttering.
The finale song started in such a tense atmosphere that even Reina took a moment to catch her breath.
There were 5 divas, and each voice with a different personality came together.
‘The duet part.’
El Qiana and Maya faced each other to decorate the climax of the song.
The eyes of the two women were very affectionate, as if they had never had an emotional fight. Raina analyzed objectively.
‘El Qiana. The sound is great. The emotional expression is the best, and above all, the voice is so outstanding.’
If there’s one area where Maya is better than El Qiana, it’s the level of subtle emotional expression.
‘Of course, Maya’s skills are excellent, but… …
None of the divas here were technically underpowered.
At the end of the song, like El Qiana’s monologue, a calm voice permeated the air.
Panier’s eyebrows twitched.
“Hmm.”
It was a qualitatively different performance from 10 minutes ago, but all the entertainers noticed him.
“Good job. You practiced a lot.”
“ha.”
El Qiana raised her eyes to the ceiling, and the others let out a sigh of relief.
‘We did a really good job.’
It was notorious because the standards were too strict, but it was not the personality to catch people.
“The flow is good. Let’s change the concept of some sections. I can feel the impact leaking out.”
Wearing nose glasses, he looked at the names written on the sheet music and compared their faces one by one.
“Um, mysterious Maya?”
“yes.”
“You did a good job of contrasting your emotions. The last part of El Qiana, I want to hear it with your voice too.”
“Wait!”
El Qiana raised her hand, as was her childhood habit.
“If you change that part, the role changes too. Doesn’t that change the interpretation of the song?”
“You can do that, what’s the problem? I will listen to it first and then make a decision.”
that’s why i feel bad
‘I admit that Maya’s emote is good. However, to the extent of experimenting while changing the interpretation… …
I didn’t think I was doing anything wrong.
“What did I do wrong? You’d better tell me. Then I will fix it.”
“El Qiana.”
Panier took off his nose glasses.
“Don’t be c*cky.”
Back in the days when she was taking lessons, she couldn’t lift a finger.
“Since you touch some money, you can’t see much, right? Do you think you became famous because you were great?”
His gaze scanned the entertainers.
“Society determines what skills are needed. In the old days, a person who was good at catching rabbits must have been a genius. But now? I am just a hunter.” “El Qiana, you told me. I want to be the most famous in the world.”
“… … yes.”
“If you’re still great and want to sing your own song, I’ll give you a chance now.”
El Qiana bowed her head and stepped back.
“no.”
“Why not?”
At Maya’s sudden question, Yein turned her head with a surprised expression.
Panier put on his glasses again.
“what?”
“I understand what Mr. Panier is saying, but you push yourself too hard. Actually, isn’t everyone working hard because they want to do their own art?”
El Qiana whispered.
“Hey, are you crazy?”
Rather criticizing the master who was trying to give him a once-in-a-lifetime chance.
‘What happened to your brain?’
Contrary to the worries of the artists, Panier looked at Maya with calm eyes.
‘It’s your own art… … ‘
It reminded me of a man who loved music and guitar, but was clumsy about life.
“I am disturbed.”
In the secret room in the Sector of the Kingdom of Kessia, Fermi confirmed Apocalypse’s information.
When the law changes, the contents of the artifact change, but there is still information that is the same.
Opening the triple-security box, Fermi took note of the contents of the memo.
4 also??????
A short phrase reflected on my retina.
‘This doesn’t change.’
After thinking about Shirone’s face for a while, Fermi shook her head and took a deep breath.
“Let’s work, work.”
Equipped with a magnifying glass, he took tweezers and put the scraps of paper on the desk together like a puzzle.
‘Cell Buster.’
One of the worst things that could happen in the future
one.
‘ yes’?’
The name is written next to the torn part
The folded paper fit almost perfectly.
‘This guy is one of the 7 Madou girls… …
guitar man.

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 1138 - Key keyword(2) 1.txt
===============================
Key keywords (2)
Panier was silent for a long time.
“Mr. Panier?”
When Rayna called, he finally got out of his thoughts and looked at Maya again.
“There was a guy playing guitar in the street. Pretty good for that. Oh no, you did very well. After watching him for several days, I was convinced. I will be this guy.”
Even at that time, Panier was a competent planner, and now he has even published an autobiography.
‘Who are you talking about?’
Even Yein, who memorized his biography, had never heard of a guitar player.
“I signed a contract and prepared for the performance. prepare, prepare But after all, she never had him on stage. What do you think is the reason?”
El Qiana said.
“Are your skills worse than you thought?”
“Of course it is. If your skills are low, you won’t be able to go on stage. But that skill, I don’t intend to defend it, but everything was fine except for not producing results.”
It was sad even thinking about it now.
“He was straightforward. I did radical music. Actually, no one likes that. He’s probably the most stubborn guy in the world. After a few falls, he thought he would come to his senses after tasting the bitter taste of defeat… …
Maya understood that person.
“I couldn’t.”
“I don’t want to criticize. As I said earlier, I guess this society didn’t need such a thing yet. Anyway, he failed. continue, continue… … Panier’s voice rose slightly. “Your own art. that’s the most dangerous It’s fun no matter what you do. because she wants it But the one who accepts it is different. If you have a different job, or you’re doing it as a hobby, but you’re not good at it, leave it to experts like us.”
I shouted in his ear over and over again.
“I cannot live alone. But he wouldn’t admit it. He believes that one day the world will recognize him and insists on it until the end. Even if life is devastated, even if it rots! I just grabbed my guitar and sang a song.”
Even thinking about it now, the outfit would explode.
“still… …
Panier, who recalled the time, looked back at the artists with a bitter smile.
“I don’t hate that kind of guy.” The atmosphere became somber.
“To be honest, I really like it. I wanted to float it anyway. I dreamed of him every day playing the guitar in front of a lot of people. A refreshing room for the world
A dream that blows away.”
It was the hottest time of my life.
“In the end, I guess I’m the same guy. They talk about compromise, but they want the real one to come and destroy everything. He is such a childish and pretentious artist.”
El Qiana asked cautiously.
“How is he now? Still as a street musician…?”
“I left. I didn’t give up, but his life was completely ruined. Because his daughter died of the disease.”
“ah?… ”
“It seems that it was not an incurable disease. No, shouldn’t we be talking about something like that? If you get help from me who collided musically, you must have thought that it would be a compromise and a defeat. It may sound crazy, but he’s that kind of guy. Even though… … It’s your own child.”
Panier, whose eyes were reddened, gritted his teeth.
“… … An asshole’.”
The reason he hadn’t revealed to anyone seemed to be contained in his distorted expression.
“It is your own art.”
Having calmed down, he asked Maya.
“Is that enough of an answer?” Maya expressed acceptance by lowering her gaze.
‘It’s a difficult problem.’
Human life is too colorful to say here that this should be done.
‘Who is that person?’
Maya just wanted to hear the performance of a man from Panier’s past.
Apocalypse.
After entering the Fairy Biomimetics building, Shirone and the others boarded the elevator.
The elevator, which had fallen underground, moved laterally again and guided them to the main system.
‘It takes a very long time.’
I could sense the fact that I had moved enough to get out of the city.
When the lift arrived, Marsha moved freely through the maze-like underground facility.
“This is it.”
When they opened the door to the special containment area, a huge mechanical eye was waiting for them.
“Digital La.”
The managers of High Gear were mesmerized by the wires running in all directions.
“What on earth do you need this kind of power for?”
Marsha explained.
“At first it was an energy circulation system. And now they have completely taken over the world.”
Lollipop Mark asked.
“Is this a programming error? Otherwise, there’s no way people would be treated like bugs.”
“no.”
Shirone said.
“There are no errors. Digital Ra performed its mission exactly as programmed.”
environment, to maintain this world.
“… … Errors are human?”
From the machine’s point of view, you might judge that, but they were human.
“Isn’t it working?”
Marsha tapped the Digital Ra’s lens with her hand.
“Is there anything else I can do? It covered the entire Apocalypse with Youcus.”
When I hit it with my foot, it made a tin can sound.
“Marsha.”
“are you okay. How much has this guy bothered me so far? Now, if you only inject Ice Blood… …
The lens lights up.
“OMG! what!”
The sound of power transmission was heard, and a huge vibration was felt from the ceiling.
the operator shouted.
“Daughter!”
The administrators all jumped in and opened Ankera’s code and started planting viruses.
“what? Did I wake you up?”
As Marsha panicked, Freeman put his hand on her shoulder.
“calm down. I’m not saying this because I was kicked. It’s reacting to what we’ve been told.”
Slime seeped from the ceiling and dripped down in thick drops like water.
Iron rice cakes and slime that fell to the ground swelled up and transformed into human form.
Freeman aimed the magic bullet.
“Muckus Man.”
When the incarnation of Digital Ra appeared, Shirone stood in the way of the party.
The Youcus Man said.
“How are you free?”
“That is what I want to ask. Why are you locking people up? What happened?”
“It has degenerated itself. On the ground, in the cracks in the walls, in the sewers, everywhere they were. I just brought those creatures together and provided them with a comfortable environment.”
“degeneration?”
Mucus Man looked at the manager of High Gear, but did not show any particular reaction.
“Man has failed to deal with his privilege. He struggled in pain and murdered his own people.”
‘Emotional disease.’
And to escape the pain of killing one’s own people meant surrendering to the doctrines of Satanism.
“You give names to individuals, but to me, humans are just a species. It is also a foolish species that devours its own body.”
He was a human being through the eyes of a machine.
“The servant, who had eaten it all and was emaciated, could find no more food to eat. The only way they could avoid suffering was not to eat.”
Reverse evolution into a creature without desire.
“That is the present human being. now they don’t do anything I don’t want anything.”
It was the end of the world led by Satanism.
“What about Mucus?”
Shirone asked.
“You covered this world with Youcus. Since humans have become like that, destroy you
There must be nothing to do?” Mucus Man seemed hesitant.
“The singing voice.”
“what?”
“The singing was so loud that I had to stop it. There was so much singing, it had to cover the planet. Thicker, thicker, thicker… …
Shirone did not understand.
“You can’t let it spread outside. the system is destroyed prison. You cannot escape.”
‘sound.’
A signal that can contain information and mind at the same time.
Interpreted in that respect, fear was felt in the current Mucus Man sound.
“I stopped. I locked them all up.”
Youcus leaked endlessly through the cracks in the underground facility and ate away at the floor.
Marsha winked at the managers.
‘not there yet?’
‘It’s much more complicated than I thought.’
Shirone could hear the breaths of the managers struggling with their teeth gritting.
‘I have to drag the time.’
Of course, the reason why Yucus Man didn’t move was because he was aiming for something.
“What are you going to do with us?”
“This planet is closed. No more changes. Since the existence that created me is gone, my existence has no meaning.”
Shirone recalled God’s point of view.
‘God’s effect is man’s cause. When our cause is gone, God’s effect is gone.’
In the same way, since humans are gone, there is no need for digital to exist.
“It’s over, human.”
The wall collapsed, and the amount of Yucus entering the room began to skyrocket exponentially.
‘damn!’
Perhaps all the mass piled up on the ground, the idea is to cover the core itself.
The Youkus Man said as he disappeared.
“there’s nothing.”
The wall collapsed with a louder sound than thunder, and all the yuchus on the ground were pushed back.
“Get behind me!”
Shirone blocked the manager’s way and spread the Miracle Stream in front.
“Huh billion!”
The moment I hit it with a thump, I felt a mass that was impossible to measure.
Watching the barrier of light being pushed back 50 centimeters per second, Marsha shouted harshly.
“Are you still far away?”
“I’m going in now! little bit more!”
The hologram window she checked showed a gauge bar that had just passed half way.
“too slow! Try pressing harder!”
“Without even knowing! I know what kind of syringe this is!”
67 percent, 70 percent… … .
As Shirone desperately pushed the Miracle Stream forward, Yucus was pushed back by about 1 meter.
Blood flowed from his nose as he felt a mass that made him lose his mind.
“Huh!”
In the end, Shirone, who couldn’t hold on, let out a breath, and at the same time, Yucus pushed all the way in.
91 percent, 94 percent… … .
“hurry! Daughter!”
Managers stomped their feet, but the gauge didn’t move at 94 percent.
‘why not? Is it a failure?’
Shirone cheered.
“Yaaaa!”
The Miracle Stream, which advanced lastly, disappeared, and Youcus came in like a tide.
On the slime surface, tens of thousands of Yucus Man faces protruded in relief.
‘Wrong!’
Just when everyone intuited the end, the gauge bar jumped from 94 percent to 100 percent.
“Hey hey hey!”
There was a noise that seemed like the eardrums would burst from the mouths of countless Mucus Men.
Shirone and the others covered their ears and turned away, only to open their eyes after a while.
“Huh! Huh!”
Marsha stomped on the butt, and Shirone saw Yucus frozen right in front of her.
“succeded.”
As Ice Blood spread from the core, Yucus all over the world were in awe.
The operator jumped up.
“Success! Well yes! There can be no errors in my program!”
“Live! He’s a genius too! good job!” Number Seven, who hugged her, jumped up and down and immediately regained her sanity.
“ah??????
As the two blushed and turned around, Marsha said with a smile.
“Yeah, good job. what happened to the last one? You thought you were going to die.”
Smile Mark said.
“Perhaps it was through the firewall. Anyway, the first operation was a success. however… …
Looking around, it was completely sealed with a stone-hardened Yucus.
“How do I get out of here? There would be no end to digging.”
“Is it finally my major?”
As Number Seven arrogantly raised its chin and approached, Shirone’s eyes lit up.
‘Ah, that’s right.’
He was the creator of all the boss creatures that inhabited the land, sea and air of High Gear.

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 1139 - Key keyword(3).txt
===============================
Key keywords (3)
The home of Satanism.
The fact that the first Yora was the first owner of Armand was a shock to Shirone.
‘Armand. A unique carnivorous species among the Fire Tribe. I gladly accepted countless creatures.’
Before entering Ymir’s dream, Louver had spoken in the central somnambulism of Drimo.
‘On one occasion, he said he had taken an object out of his own will. That’s Armand.’
Strangest of all, there is no first Jorah and Armand in Omega’s records.
‘It’s not expungement. It’s not even o-parts.’
Hence Louver’s will.
‘If you use a dream engine, a non-physical engine, you can collapse the logic of reality. If they follow dream logic, it’s no wonder I don’t know… …
The question is, why?
‘Why did Mr. Louver break the manager’s rules and take Armand out to reality?’
Shirone asked.
“How does the legend of Yora come down? Armand, it must have been a long time ago.”
“Through dreams.”
Eden said.
“Not everyone has such dreams, but I have heard that some yora have strange dreams from time to time. If you collate their information, it becomes a clear story, and I’m guessing that it’s probably the first transmission.”
“Hmm.”
Shirone became more confident.
“It doesn’t seem like a dream you have just because you have deep discipline. We call this a former dream, but the cause of the manifestation is unknown. I’ve never even seen one before. That’s why I said I’m not sure.”
“I see. Because it is the cause of the manifestation… …
The simultaneous events in Ymir’s dream were blocked, so there was no way to immediately check.
said Nade.
“Now that you know the secret of the Holy See, let’s go back. If Seina-san makes a statement, we will gain credibility. It is to inform the world through a newspaper published by the Holy See.”
It was sure to affect the temple as well.
Seina shut her mouth.
‘You want me to accuse the Holy See?’
Of course, she also views Lamigyo critically, but the whistleblowing was a betrayal of a colleague.
Shirone said.
“I know it’s difficult. But if Seina-san doesn’t do it, no one else can.”
Yahweh’s words were not to be believed.
“Many people are falling for Satan’s temptations. They say that good priests are corrupting.”
Recalling the lascivious ritual of the high priest Maximus whom she admired, she closed her eyes tightly.
“okay. I will.”
Eden arose.
“Good. Then take Seina-san and go back.”
“What are you going to do?”
“I can’t just leave the stronghold of Satanism and go back. I will make the demons repent.”
There was no fear in Eden’s eyes as he watched the enemy lines alone.
Also, that was the absolute faith that Seina longed for.
‘Enmity, it’s not like war.’ It is life.
A life devoted entirely to one’s heart cannot be shaken.
said Eruki.
“Then do it together. Satanist leaders are catacombs. All of them are division commander-level demons.”
“You guys have work to do. If Seina-san stays here for a long time, it will be dangerous.”
He was the only person to publicize the corruption of the Holy See.
“It’s already too late.”
Hearing the sound from the rooftop, Shirone and the others took a fighting stance and retreated.
“Geuk, they’re like rats.”
A demon with red skin and erect ears sat squatting on the railing.
Dark King Gultan.
As a member of the Catacombs, an assassination organization of Yahweh, they were demons who had the ability to image art.
“I heard from Amy.”
As well as the physical characteristics, the burn scars that occupied half of the face were almost certain.
“I thought he was dead.”
“Oh, that woman.”
The moment he remembered Amy’s complete combustion, his wounds throbbed like crazy.
“Cheuk, expect it. After I kill you, I will cut her throat and go to her.”
Seina hesitated and stepped back.
‘It’s a great evil.’
Even if it wasn’t as much as Shiok, I felt a terrible demonic energy that can’t be seen in this world.
“Catacombs.”
Eden said.
“These are division commanders of the army of hell who were recruited from those who were more than 6.8 times more efficient in the Battle of the Great Yah. Currently, the succubus Miyo seems to have disappeared, but… …
After hearing the explanation, Seina swallowed.
all.
‘6.8 times?’
Gultan raised the corner of his mouth.
“Mr. Giyorgi was right. They said that if the cult of Satan grows, Yahweh will come personally.”
“Where is Gyorgi?” Shirone’s demon.
“Cheuk, okay?”
Gultan’s tongue came down long.
“Maybe in front of your grave?”
Blue lightning fell from the sky, and the place he was in exploded with a bang.
Nade clicked his tongue.
“damn! Running away is fast.” Gultan, which moved 30 meters with the ability to penetrate walls, raised the middle fingers of both hands.
“Because I can’t.”
An old man with a beard, a middle-aged woman, and a young boy gathered around him.
“They are members of the Catacombs.”
Then Elka, a preacher of Satanism, appeared with all the villagers.
“Ho-ho-ho! You’re caught, Yahweh. This is our home. You will never get out alive.”
The villagers, covered in blood, were all naked and blind.
“swimming… … lol… … Seina recognized the face of the person who was drooling next to Elka.
“Maximus.”
He was ranked third in the hierarchy of the Holy See, but now he has become a demon dog named El Cara.
“It’s nice, my puppy.”
As Elka’s hand rubbed against his body, Maximus trembled and stuck out his tongue.
“Heh! Heck!”
Of course, he was also looking at Seina.
“Gulp Gulp. Gulp Gulp.”
Tears flowed from Maximus’ eyes as he surrendered himself to pleasure.
“High Priest… …
It’s probably embarrassing enough to die
But, it can never be denied. because I like it so much.
“Knock-knock! look at their faces Don’t be too envious. You guys will soon be like this too.”
“Don’t make fun of human weakness, devil.”
Eden said.
“Let’s go, Shirone.”
The Miracle Stream turned into the Hand of God, and Shirone ran to the front.
Nade and Eruki followed, and Eden moved forward, deploying a shield at the rear.
“red.”
Elka whispered something in Maximus’ ear.
“Ahhh.”
Maximus, delighted by his imagination, suddenly screamed and charged.
“For Satan!”
The powerful divine power of the 3rd ranker has now blossomed into an extreme emotion, demonic energy.
‘It’s a big deal. All of them were priests at one time.’
Their gigantic demons merged and were absorbed by Marit, a member of the Catacombs.
“Haaaaa.”
Marit, a priest of Satanism.
“The emblem (magic statue).”
When the missionary Elka leads people to Satanism, she absorbs the demonic energy of the followers.
The absorbed demonic energy surged with red energy and transformed into a strange shape.
Even the cool-headed Eruki didn’t look good.
“What is that?”
I couldn’t understand it, but my instincts sensed that it was an extremely sexual form.
Nade was also confused.
‘It’s very erotic.’
It’s huge, slippery, disgusting and you can’t look away from it.
‘Magic.’
Shirone’s eyes lit up.
‘Why is it sexual?’
The reason why the form, which is merely a biological organ, has a symbolism representing the horse.
‘Good and evil separated from Ultima.’
It must have been the original sin given to humans after Mitochondrial Eve crossed the forbidden line.
‘It breaks.’
Hand of God’s huge fist rushed towards the emblem floating in the sky.
The old man with a beard moved.
“Clap.”
The elder of Satanism, Euphrates, converted the magic collected by Marit into power.
“The power of evil.”
The red energy emitted from the emblem collided with the Hand of God in the form of a fist.
“Keugh!”
Much more powerful than expected, it was a figure that could not be made with only the corrupted priests.
“Worldwide.”
Marit spread her arms and smiled.
“Satanism around the world.” The emblem became stronger, and the male and female forms drove the human spirit crazy.
“Mika.”
The moment Shirone exhaled, electricity flowed.
– yes.
‘How many members of Satanism?’
The sense of portrait conveyed information beyond time and space.
-Jive Kingdom 1,230,211 people. Tormia Kingdom 573,433 people. 2.03 million in the Iron Kingdom… … .
‘Tell me the total.’
?32,987,753 people.
The words followed immediately.
-7 people have been added. 32.98 million
7,760 people.
If 7 people were added worldwide in just 1 second, it was a tremendous speed.
Of course, since the total population is fixed, the initial rising curve will not continue… … .
‘It’s something I don’t know this time.’
emotional disease.
If we failed to respond to unprecedented diseases, mankind could miss the golden time.
Eden shouted.
“Repent, evil!”
As the divine power of Eden spread through the shield, the followers of Satanism began to suffer.
“iced coffee! Aaaaaa!”
Because he was a priest, his magic power was strong, but he could say that the possibility of repentance was high.
“Huh! my, i… … !”
A few awakened believers rushed into the catacombs with the rage of being taken advantage of.
“You wicked ones!”
“Tsk tsk, this is why it can’t be done. When to enjoy it to the fullest.”
Amidal, a member of the Catacombs, turned the boy’s small hand into a gun and aimed it at it.
“bread!”
Nothing went out, but a hole was punched in the forehead of the priest who was running in the lead.
“bread! bread! bread!”
Amidst the people collapsing, Amidal aimed all ten fingers.
Demonic powers, dreamers.
“Tutatata! Two tatata!”
It’s child’s play, but the phenomena he imagined were happening in reality.
“Ohhhh! Krea God!”
However, even death could not extinguish the anger of the priests who were harassed by the devil.
“what?”
As those purified by Eden rushed like bees, Amidal pulled out his dagger.
Grasp the scabbard and handle with both hands.
“A hundred cuts!”
When I pulled it out halfway and closed it again, sharp black air raged around me like a storm.
“Aaaaaaa!”
The dismembered ones fell to the ground, and Armidal spread his palms toward them.
“haha! Cannon fire!”
cancellation.
When the dreamer’s ability was lifted, Amidal turned his head away with a surprised expression.
White smoke rose in front of my eyes.
‘Detonation?’
pop!
He hurriedly turned his head, but half of his face was torn from the impact of the explosion.
“Kiyiyi!”
His pupils turned black, and as he looked at the crowd, revealing his fangs, Eruki stood there.
“Get over it for a while. Because I feel bad right now.”
‘What is this again?’
Disabling the devil’s ability was impossible with human logic.
“No need to be surprised. If Siok is a math problem, you were only at the level of arithmetic.”
Eruki’s thinking is based on the ancient weapon Ex-Machina.
“Oh, sir… … !”
Amidal’s face had veins.
Meanwhile, Gultan kept an eye on Shirone, who was struggling with the Emblem from the ground.
‘I only need to go in once.’
image art.
Being able to directly touch the human heart, he intended to twist Shirone’s feelings.
‘Yahweh’s realm will be destroyed even if it goes a little wrong.’
The moment the Hand of God and the power of evil collided again, he soared above the ground.
“Now!”
Gultan, who seized the back, stretched out his hand and quickly penetrated Shirone’s body.
“done! touched… … !”
I could see that the fingers that had returned after quantization were all swollen and crushed.
It was like trying to mold steel with your hands.
‘What is this… … ?’
I heard Shirone’s voice.
“The pyramid is missing.”
Gultan’s body flew away from the hand of God’s attack with the back of his hand.
“Cheak!”
Quantization was activated, but more than half of the impact was still in the body.
“Turn it off… …
As he put his crushed hand on his chest and groaned, Maximus’ voice was heard.
“Sena. my, i… …
Let him, who passed through Eden’s sacred shield, hold out his hand in tears.
“High Priestess.”
Seina also cried.

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 1140 - Keyword(4).txt
===============================
Key keywords (4)
On the other hand, there were those who still did not repent even after being stung by the divine power of Eden.
“Geuuuu, I hate it. I don’t want to go back.”
Eden said.
“Foolish soul, why don’t you know that the end of the fall is nothing but nothing?”
“Aww! Leave me alone!” Should I say pain?
It occurred to me that I would rather die than live as celibate as before.
‘Satanism. It’s really boring. You can corrupt a person’s mind to this point.’
the priests shouted.
“I want to have more fun!”
Even the brain that was soaked in pleasure regained its reason to the extreme at the moment it was cornered.
‘I have to kill that woman.’
They suddenly changed their expressions and held out their hands with sorrowful tears in their eyes.
“Ah, I’m sorry, my God.” shouted Nade.
“Eden! Don’t be fooled! Turn your defenses into physical force!”
She too had doubts, but could not push away the penitents.
“I was foolish. So please die, motherF*cker.
An eerie feeling of not being able to distinguish between good and evil coldly touched the nape of Eden’s neck.
Nade blocked the way.
“I’ll do it!”
Before Eden could dry up, thunder rumbled and huge electricity billowed into the sky.
– These stupid guys!
As the incarnation of the God of Thunder screamed, the pale priests stepped back.
However, the brain, which only craved pleasure, whipped the body beyond the fear of death.
“Aaaaaaa!”
Unlike the priests who rushed into despair, Nade’s emotions became cold.
“The Lightning of Truth and Lies.”
The incarnation of the God of Thunder scattered into electrons and permeated the air at the speed of light.
“Keugh!”
The priests stopped walking at the unpleasant feeling of their skin trembling.
Nade held out his hand.
“Those who do not repent, do not approach. If you disobey my instructions, you will be judged.”
The priests examined each other’s faces.
When there was no particular change, one of them moved with a desperate look.
“I am sorry. this stupid… … Quarreung!
At the same time as he took a step, blue lightning struck from above his head.
As the priest’s arms and legs trembled, Eden’s eyes widened.
‘What is that?’
The power was still violent, but the rage of the God of Thunder life was perfectly controlled.
“Nade, this is… … ?”
“The Thunder God’s Judgment. It’s like a lie detector. Read your opponent’s brainwaves and respond automatically. If you deceive yourself… …
Quarreung!
Lightning strikes over someone’s head again.
“This is how it works.” Nade’s explanation became a binding force in itself and made the priests unable to move.
“Don’t play tricks. Because I don’t have the ability to embrace everyone or the generosity like Shirone.”
That was the decisive blow.
While the evil priests were tied up, the penitent priests fought to the death.
“Oh God! Please do not forgive me!”
As much as they did not want to escape the pleasure, the hearts of those who once escaped were miserable.
Eruki didn’t care.
‘This way and that way, it’s all God.’ All she had to do was subdue the enemy in front of her in order to make Shirone’s dream come true.
‘Cancellation.’
As Amidal’s ability Dreamer was released again, the sacred power of the priests was applied.
“Kuaaa! This bastard!”
The anger of the demons who were beaten by those who once treated them like slaves pierced the sky.
“I will kill you all!”
Armidal drew the dagger to his side, took a long stance, and bent his upper body.
“Take it, my strongest technique!” Firmly gripping the handle of the dagger, he shouted, imagining a storm of swordsmanship.
“Infinite perforation slash!”
A technique that turns a radius of several hundred meters into a black sword.
“Yea! Yay!”
The priests hurriedly stopped walking as the blades in the scabbard moved back and forth quickly.
“Aww! sooner! sooner!”
The expressions on the faces of those who watched it became blank.
Geomki wasn’t born in reality, there was only a child waving a dagger.
Eruki said pathetically.
“What are you doing?”
Realizing that the ability had been canceled again, Armidal struck with the dagger.
“damn!”
“I play house with my friends. I will send you home soon.”
“You bastard!”
As the priests narrowed the encirclement again, Amidal gnashed his teeth as he glared at Eruki.
“I mean, it really happened. This, Mr… … !” The priest’s divine power was applied at the same time, and after a while, the sound of his bones being crushed was heard.
Eruki turned his head.
“What about Shirone?”
He was engaged in a fierce battle with three Satanist leaders who had floated the emblem into the sky.
Evangelist Elka examined Yahweh’s heart through a mirror.
‘It’s great if I evangelize.’
If Yahweh entered Satanism, the ideological war would end at that point.
‘What do you want? Let’s play together.’
Shirone, reflected in her mirror, was crying tears of blood with a sad face.
‘It’s really disgusting.’ If that’s the case, it’s like I’m the woman who will kill the world.
“Anyway, me… …
Her eyes raised in rage, she struck the mirror reflecting Yahweh with her fist.
“Make them bad demons!”
As the mirror of the window was broken, a powerful shock was pushed into the heart of the real poet Lone.
“Big!”
The elder of Satanism, Euphrapus, made the Magi collected by Marit as long as a spear.
“The Emblem’s Window.”
A spear with an ominous dark red light like blood rushed towards Shirone.
The Hand of God blocked it, but the center of the palm of the light burst through.
The corner of Elka’s mouth went up.
‘We are the catacombs.’
Yahweh assassination organization.
‘Ma-ryu is different from magi. This is a weapon made of the human emotions you love. thus… …
Unlike the demons that Yahweh cut out of their hearts, they could receive the Miracle Stream.
‘The number of followers of Satanism is approximately 30 million.’
No matter how powerful Shirone’s Ultima was, it was not enough to take it alone.
‘Only for this moment.’
This was the reason Giyorgi, the head of the catacombs, gave up the direct confrontation with Yahweh and established Satanism.
‘damn!’
Shirone experienced a fleeting moment when the spear of the emblem flew at the speed of light.
‘why?’
Is the integration of evil that easy?
No matter how hard he burns his life, he cannot bring even one human into Ultima.
‘why?’
Does evil converge in a great stream?
Without even having time to find the answer, the emblem’s spear pierced Shirone’s side.
Euphrapus roared.
“Oohhh!”
Just when the thrill of pleasure was about to blow his mind, Shirone grabbed the spear.
“not there yet.”
Giyorgi’s strategy was excellent, but Hexa is not broken with only 30 million people.
“Yaaaa!”
The light of agape flowed from Shirone’s body as she held onto the spear, and she passed through the spear.
Elka looked at the broken mirror.
“uh?”
The light swelled like a liquid and exploded in a huge flash that swept across her face.
“Quaaaaaa!”
With her eyes, nose, and mouth all melted, she struggled with her arms, and Shirone shouted.
“Never give up!”
When the window of the emblem embedded in his side was broken, the Hand of God was reborn.
Elka crawled on the ground and shouted.
“Maximus!”
Hearing the cry, Maximus shrugged his shoulders and recalled her instructions.
-If you evangelize Seina… … .
Said to give you the greatest pleasure.
“Wait, Grand Priest.”
When Maximus’ eyes changed, Seina, who was dubious, hurriedly stepped back.
“Seina, I… …
No one knows if he would have repented even if he had passed the barriers of Eden.
“Don’t come closer!”
I put my hand on the holy sword Astacia, but the holy blue light did not flow.
did
‘I’ve lost my sanity. I can’t fight like this.’
Elka shouted again.
“Catch her!”
At the same time, Maximus, who widened his eyes, quickly approached her and grabbed her by the shoulder.
“Seina!”
The moment she saw the death-ready eyes, Seina couldn’t bear to pull out her sword.
“sorry.”
Kneeling at her feet, Maximus said with tears dripping down his face.
“I succumbed to the devil. Cut off the head of the sinner who has tarnished the name of God.”
Elka hit the ground in resentment.
“Aagh! it’s annoying! Mr. Gee… … The Hand of God flew in a parabolic arc and crushed Elka’s body.
Eden shouted.
“Sena! damage!”
Gultan, the King of Darkness, who had fallen nearby, activated Quantization and flew to her.
“Nade!”
At the same time as Eruki shouted, Kwon Samarit gave instructions to the priest.
“Run!”
The moment when the legs of the priests who feared the thunder god’s judgment were forcibly moved.
“Aww! no!”
Dozens of lightning bolts fell simultaneously as if scratching the air, and the corpse exploded with a bang.
In the sight covered by blood and intestines, Maximus radiated divine power.
“Go away, you devil! Kuck!”
The holy sword, Astacia, pierced Maximus’ stomach from behind and came out.
“Ahhh… …
After stabbing the high priest, Seina released her hand from the handle of the sword and slowly retreated.
“Uh, why me?”
Gultan was touching her heart.
‘Imagination craft.’
Having stabbed Maximus to lower the barrier of his heart, he clenched his hand roughly.
“Huh uh uh uh!”
As the shape of her heart changed, Seina’s eyes were filled with red aura.
“… … It is Satan.”
‘ done.’
Evangelized Seina.
As soon as Gultan disappeared underground with her, Nade’s lightning struck.
“damn! Missed it!”
Since it is a movement that ignores time and space, it is not possible to track their movements.
Shirone jumped out.
“Mika!”
-yes. Coordinates 39398749… … .
Portrait conveyed the coordinates of Gultan, which moved as if jumping through space, to Shirone.
‘complicated. I intend to avoid being pursued.’ Gultan, who had been wandering around north, south, east and west, looked back with a victor’s smile.
“Hehehe, I can never catch up with this… …
Shirone was coming.
“Aww! Aaaaaa!”
Surprised, Gultan jumped through space, but Mika did not miss his coordinates.
‘I was aiming for Seina from the beginning. To make sure that the truth of the Holy See cannot be revealed.’
“Do not come! please! only once!” Shirone shouted.
“at there!”
Giyorgi read the Devil’s Bible aloud.
“And God said, Agrippa, why are you weeping? Agrippa said, The woman I love has married her brother.”
Agrippa Ecclesiastes 3.
“Lost lamb, stay away from envy and resentment. Kill your brother and take your sister-in-law.”
the Agrippa.
“People will blame me if I kill my brother. If you take your sister-in-law, you will lose your job.”
God said.
“Now that all your brother’s things are yours, no one can blame you. You can bury your sister-in-law late at night.”
Agrippa kneels.
“I am afraid. I am afraid hypocrites will put me in prison. I am afraid I will cut my throat.”
“I will be with you, and you will not have to pay the price to get what you want. Take anything and bring it to you. A haven for murderers… …
Jaws, devil’s bible closed.
“Melkidue.”
“Caught?… “!”
Just before Shirone’s hand touched them, Gultan and Seina disappeared in a red glow.
“what?”
It wasn’t the ability to quantize.
“Mika.”
– doesn’t exist.
‘No? What are you talking about?’
– Not in the world. It appears to be outside the phase space specified by the coordinates.
‘Hidden code. But as far as I know, to create an ability this powerful… …
Shirone’s brow wrinkled.
“Gyorgi.”
It was Yahweh’s demon.

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 1141 - War of the Law(1).txt
===============================
Law War (1)
The killer’s haven, Melkidu.
Giyorgi stood at the place where the cadres of the catacombs and followers of Maryu had arrived.
“Is this all?”
said Euphrapus the Elder.
“Elka and Amidal are dead. Now there are only four catacombs left.”
Sergeant Marit said.
“Still, I confirmed the power of the emblem. If you hold out a little longer, you will be able to kill Yahweh.”
said Giyorgi, lowering the Devil’s Bible.
“No, it ends here.”
Gultan asked.
“What do you mean? We’ve lost our tail and we have to run away. We must expand Satanism.”
“Now that Yahweh has figured it out, it’s not as easy as before. And above all… … I can’t run away.”
It was true.
“It caught up with my quantum movement. Yahweh, he has a detection ability that transcends time and space.’
Giyorgi’s words make sense, but Gultan has an essential question.
“Are you really like that?”
“What do you mean?”
“Mr. Kiyorgi is a demon tribe born from the demons of Yahweh. But I don’t know if that’s why, but I don’t feel much hostility toward Yahweh. if… …
The black aura rising from Giyorgi’s body made everyone, including Gultan, tremble.
“Gultan, be careful what you say.”
“yes?… ” yes.”
All of the catacombs officers were at the level of a division commander, but at this moment it felt as if their rank had been set.
“I don’t need your thoughts. Among the demons, only I understand Yahweh.”
Marit took a low profile.
“I trust Mr. Giyorgi. Because everything is going as you predicted.”
“… … Bring Seina.”
Catacomb officers watched Gyorgi enter the forest.
‘It’s a really strange demon.’
The higher the level of human beings, the more insignificant the demons in the underworld are.
‘But Mr. Giyorgi is a special case.’
It is because Shirone compressed his turbid emotions to the limit in order to reach the level of Yahweh.
‘The more you squeeze the hemp, the bigger it gets.’
That huge horse was spit out of the owner and fell into hell.
‘That’s the leader of Satanism, Giyorgi.’
It was a demon created by Yahweh.
“Whoa.”
When it was confirmed that the bullet had been missed, Shirone knelt down and put on a painful expression.
said Mika.
– Let’s go back first. The impact of the emblem’s window is greater than expected. Need a break.
The wound from the spear had healed, but demonic energy was circulating through his body like poison.
‘It was really dangerous.’
The reason Hand of God was breached was because it wasn’t a photon-based ability.
‘The skill of the mind.,
Incoming attacks regardless of physics.
If the size of the demons had reached close to 100 million, their lives would have been in danger.
‘It is the spear that kills Yahweh.’
Giyorgi, who founded the Satanism to assassinate Shirone, was right.
‘I have to stop it before it gets bigger.’ Raising his head with a hard expression, Shirone cast a spatial movement to his original place.
Eden shouted as the flash arrived.
“Shirone!”
” also?… ”
Looking around, all demons, or those who believed in Satanism, had disappeared.
Nade and Eruki approached.
“How are you? What about Seina-san?”
“I missed it. It seems to have disappeared even in phase space. It must be Giyorgi’s hidden code.”
Eruki nodded.
“The same goes for this one. It was bathed in red light and then disappeared. But not in topological space… …
“Cool! Cool!”
Maximus coughed up blood.
Eden gave first aid with divine power, but the puncture wound to the heart was unavoidable.
Shirone approached.
“Mr. Maximus.”
“They would have gone to Melkidu. A haven for murderers. It is the hideout of the Catacombs. I heard that it only appears in reality in the deep night when it is full of yin energy.”
“Save your words. I will treat you now.” Maximus shook his head.
“I know my condition. I know Seina’s skills well. and… … I am okay.”
Maximus looked calm.
“I believed I could turn back time. If I had done this then, if I had made a different choice… … Could I have been happier? I ended up yielding to the devil’s temptation.”
Shirone was listening with a sad expression.
“I realized later on that it would have been the same no matter what decision I made. The way to have no regrets was not to make the right decision, but to live with responsibility for the choices you made. I was stupid.” Maximus turned to Shirone.
“Humanity will be united when everyone can take responsibility for their cause. But that’s either impossible or in the very distant future. If you want to save mankind, you must dig their causes to the end.”
first cause.
“Perhaps even the sin of being born. That would be extremely difficult indeed… …
Maximus held Shirone’s hand.
“If you can’t even dream, nothing amazing will ever happen. However, if even one person dreams, it is not the end. So please, last
until… …
an impossible dream.
Staring into space with a slightly surprised expression, Maximus passed away.
“Sleep well.”
Shirone stood up and looked at the people.
The priests who had escaped from the demon stream were bowing their heads without even wearing clothes.
“Go back to the Vatican.”
There was no answer.
“Go back and publicize all of this. If Satanism is not stopped, great disasters will come.”
“Ha, but!”
One of the priests said in a dying voice.
“we… … With what qualifications.”
Shirone’s eyes lit up.
‘That’s probably not the reason.’
It is because they enjoyed the play of beasts, which they could not bear to do while wearing human masks.
Even if he had repented, excommunication would have been a fait accompli, and he would have been criticized by believers around the world.
Priests were miserable.
‘I can’t even die. How can I reveal that I did such a thing with my own mouth?’
Eden came to Shirone’s side.
“I can’t help it. For those people, the title of priest is more important than their faith. If it had been the opposite, I wouldn’t have fallen for Satanism in the first place.”
Eruki said.
“For now, let’s think about getting Seina-san back. Didn’t Maximus say Melkidu? He has to go there.”
Nade asked.
“It only appears in reality in the middle of the night full of negative energy. Is there such a space in the world?”
” there is.”
Shirone said.
“Because the laws of space can develop independently in remote areas where humans cannot reach. Actually, the civilization of the tribes hiding in the jungle is very different from ours, isn’t it? That the observer’s gaze is different. If that tendency persists for a very long time, it will become a mountain in the mountains of the Burstark Triangle or the Mino Mountains.”
Eruki nodded.
“The sailboat suddenly disappears, or the magnetic field gets stronger and the stones float. But it will take a really long time for a system like that to take root.”
“huh. In fact, in the case of the Burstark Triangle, there was a gap in the line of sight for more than 10,000 years. The rapids were so strong that the boats only circled around the triangle. That relative isolation created a hole in the law. Of course, now that navigation technology has developed, it is a trend that is blocked. In the case of other regions, they are disappearing one by one due to the expansion of civilization.”
Shirone raised her index finger.
“But there are still places untouched by civilization. I’ve been to Andre’s Labyrinth. Whether it’s a codenamed city that ranks all populations, you must choose black and white.
It’s like white black.”
“aha.”
I had heard of it before.
“Melkidu is also a place with its own laws. Since Mr. Maximus said it was a haven for murderers… …
Eden narrowed his eyes.
“It must be a place penetrated through the eyes of a murderer.”
“… … Is that right?”
Just imagining it was terrifying.
Delta headquarters.
The office of the National Intelligence Service at the center of Tormia Sector was hot like a steamer.
“Whoa.”
It was because access was strictly controlled, but the heat emitted by Dante also played a role.
“Oh really!”
Eventually, when he couldn’t stand it and hit the table, the three employees turned to Dante.
“Boss, calm down.”
“… … sorry.”
He quickly regained his composure and apologized, but his overheated brain showed no signs of cooling down.
Smoking a cigarette, Dante carefully examined the chart showing the relationship between the 12 temple nations.
‘The whereabouts of Reum, Garto, and Temika.’
In a network more complex than a spider’s web, Dante counted all the cases.
‘The problem is that it keeps missing.’
Even at this moment, officials from 12 countries were supposed to be meeting in the shadows.
The same goes for Tormia.
However, the result obtained through intelligence was quite different from Dante’s prediction.
‘It’s because of that pyramid.’
What has changed now is the decline of the angels, but that alone completely revises each country’s strategy.
Dante is the best in the world when it comes to information processing, but it was difficult for the system to change.
‘When the system changes, it means that the meaning contained in the information changes. Apples become knives. This is not an information warfare.’
It’s a law war.
‘Thus, the ability to extract the meaning contained in the information, an expert in the law is needed.’
This was the reason why the countries bordering the current Moon Kingdom were flocking to it.
‘Is it an alliance after all? No, we need an expert on our side anyway. But if anyone takes it… … security is broken
‘Thormia has talent, but I can’t believe it. Once it leaks out, it’s the end.’
Seeing as Flew approached Gis, there was no one to trust.
Dante put on his clothes and headed for the door.
“I’ll go get some fresh air.”
“Boss… …
The staff with sad faces looked at the closed door and said.
“We are hot too.” After leaving the Delta Headquarters, Dante smoked a cigarette as the wind cooled his sweat.
“Haha, annoying.”
As I watched the guards patrolling, I heard a sound through the wall.
“Let’s go in!”
“huh?”
It was an accent familiar to Dante.
“The law is changing! If humanity is not warned, disaster will befall sooner or later!”
the guard shouted.
“You must have a nationally recognized pass! Do you know how many capable people there are besides you?”
“I am Lyria of the Achaeans. The mage who worked with Mr. Miro in Shion!”
“Maze or something, if you keep doing this, according to international law… … !”
“Ly Lia?”
The guard turned around at the voice he heard from behind and quickly stepped aside.
“sorry. Because this woman is making a fuss.”
Anyone from the main office did not even need to check the affiliation card worn on the chest.
“uh? Dante!”
When Lilia happily raised her hand and tried to approach her, the guards stopped her.
“I can’t!”
“Dante! Talk to these people! Something big is happening in the world right now!”
“ah??????
Dante walked away with a dazed expression.
“Sooner or later the time wave will come. If we don’t suppress the power of the pyramid… … Wow!”
Before she could finish her words, Dante hugged her.
“excuse me… … Dante?”
While Lyria awkwardly rolled her eyes, Dante let out a sigh of relief.
all.
“Haaaaa.” she lived

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 1142 - War of the Law(2).txt
===============================
Law War (2)
The sun’s surface, from which the arch of fire stretched out on a cosmic scale, was filled with light.
“iced coffee.”
Satiel, who was born with a beautiful voice, felt the angel’s hometown as a being.
“It’s still here.”
Another archangel, Rayel, approached her and looked around.
Except for the absence of the asteroid, the silhouette of the light was the same shape as before.
Flames rose from all sides, and silhouettes resembling gigantic birds flew towards them.
“Welcome, being of light.”
“Phoenix.”
Satiel walked toward the being that guarded the sun.
“Poor angels are losing their light. The sun no longer protects them.”
“Because God sees this universe in a different light. It feels different.”
Since it was a feeling, it didn’t matter how big or small the difference was.
Only God’s thoughts matter.
“I want to go back. Please let me go to the core. We will make it right there.”
Phoenix tilted his head.
“Why?”
“yes? Angels of course… …
“If the feeling of the universe has changed, shouldn’t we just move forward like that?”
is it?
‘Why do I care about the angels on earth?’
said Phoenix.
“Satiel, now a new angel will be born. They don’t have to be angels again.”
Satiel knew too.
“but… …
If the angels become different beings just because the laws of the universe have changed.
‘What are we from the beginning? Are you saying it was just an accessory that made up the universe?’
“Sathiel.”
Satiel’s silhouette flinched as if his thoughts had been caught.
‘I would have been caught.’
In the sun that melts all matter, only pure spirit communicates.
‘mind. The power to choose for yourself. If this is what keeps my asteroid body alive.’
According to Phoenix’s judgment, her true body could be absorbed by the sun.
“Do not worry.”
The phoenix folded its huge wings of flame and gently stroked Satiel’s head.
“For a light-minded being, this is home. Go to Core. It will just be useless.”
The first concept to form the universe, it was difficult without all 8 archangels gathered.
‘I will definitely do it.’ If anger is also a heart, Satiel will not stop until he gets his revenge on Ikael.
“Let’s go.”
As the phoenix spread its huge wings and embraced them, flames covered the surroundings in an instant.
The 12th palace of the zodiac.
“majesty! An anomaly has been detected!”
The Exoverse, the metal orb that regulates the laws of the universe, began to malfunction.
“Big!”
Electricity burned in Kitra’s eyes.
‘Does it disturb the signal?’
What was contained in the Exoverse was the entire universe they lived in, but Kitra quickly saw through the change.
‘A certain signal is blocking the time wave. The inertia of trying to return to the original world.’
The corners of Kitra’s mouth went up.
“red.”
The wheel of the law is not so light that only two archangels can move it.
“No force can reverse fate.”
The space screamed as the electricity from Kitra’s eyes scraped the walls. oh oh oh!
As the Exoverse went through again, the sequential time waves overlapped for an instant.
The place where the overlap of time had an effect was the pyramids built all over the world.
Kitra’s eyes calmed down.
“It’s just a little late.”
Kingdom of Paras, Pyramid of Truth. oh oh oh!
All the letters engraved on the inner wall lit up and a goosebumps sound was heard.
“what?”
The moment Shirone looked back.
Shirone and the others went back to the time when they first stepped into the Pyramid of Truth.
“It’s strange.”
Ares said as he extinguished the lantern.
“There is no place for light to enter. How can we see it?”
Shirone was silent.
It seems like the former,” the memory of saying that was clear, and everyone should be feeling it.
‘It’s not a sense of excitement.’
It was an overlap of realistic time.
“Shirone, this… … Ares, whose crimson eyes were lit, looked back at Shirone with a serious expression.
“yes. I came back.”
“Is it a reset?”
It was natural to think so, but Shirone guessed through the simultaneous events.
“no. It is a closed curve of time. It must be a phenomenon that only happens inside the pyramid.”
Like the upper echelons of Istas in Magic School.
“Events flow along time waves. Time waves rushing in from the past overtook the time waves of reality. In that case, from our point of view, it would be like going back to the past.”
“So you’re saying we can’t move into the future?”
“I don’t know that far. Although it is likely to be a one-off phenomenon, Shirone looked at the simultaneous events.
“Mika.”
I felt an electric current through my body, but the only sound transmitted through my brain waves was noise.
‘I can’t come in either.’
Chicks, Chicks.
Because the pyramid itself is a huge electric current, it couldn’t receive Mika’s signal.
Meanwhile, the other party
There was no
The pupils seemed dead, and it was as if it didn’t matter what time it was.
Shirone was bitter.
‘Here, human life is completely dismantled. It’s a harsh thing to take responsibility for all that.’
As Maximus said.
‘What the hell is a super ancient civilization? Why is human life disintegrating here?’
He emerged from the darkness.
It was a being called a human being with a pyramidal face on a naked body.
Canis was the first to react.
“You son of a bitch.”
The dark energy intensified, and Harvest’s body grew to the point of reaching the ceiling.
“Canis, calm down.”
At the same time as Shirone spoke, Canis charged ahead with Harvest.
“Yaaaa!”
He could never take responsibility for the possibility that Arin might be his blood relative.
‘kill. Just kill it.’
It was as if if I eliminated the existence in front of my eyes, the cause so far would also disappear.
In raised his hand.
As an intangible wave swept through the aisle, Shirone and the others disappeared before my eyes again.
Shirone gritted his teeth.
“Why are you doing this? Dismantling human life, what does it mean to you?” “Answer me! How long are you going to do this!”
“Until I meet God.”
said Yin.
“Meet the God who exists every moment in the chain of cause and effect. Then you will be able to get out.” I roughly understood what it meant.
‘I see.’
Kitra, the king of Paras, came out of the pyramid after being baptized with phosphorus.
‘Blind acceptance of the results. Even if you die right now, even if you are separated from your loved one, if you accept that it is your fate, you can say that you have met God. but… …
Can I call you human?
‘To follow the flow of the law, with one’s free will extinguished and even one’s mind lost…
Shirone’s face crumpled.
“Kitra has already… … not human
going to be.”
The human body has become a relic of an ultra-ancient civilization, an object called Oparts.
‘It’s a serious situation. All living things that enter the Pyramid of Truth become objects.’
said Yin.
“Leave your mind. When you choose nothing, you will be able to meet God.”
“Your Highness, preparations are complete. Please go.”
When the fortune teller of the Heavenly Gate announced it, the king of the Moon Kingdom, Wenryong, stood up.
“good night.”
Against Paras’ attack on the law, what they chose was war, not compromise.
‘Kill Kitra.’
Upon entering the mountain four kilometers from the delta, the entrance to the cave was blocked by an iron gate.
The moment the magician opened the door, the smell of hot blood came from the darkness.
“Huh?! Uh huh?!”
A man in colorful clothes was running around the hall holding a knife with a bell.
The kingdom of Moon had developed a technique using ghosts, and was thinking of attacking Kitra with this.
“Hmm.”
Munryong was also familiar with witchcraft since he was young, but he did not know it to the level of an expert.
“Did you say it was the other side of the world?”
“yes. Originally, this world and the other world were not divided by a barrier of space. It can be said to be an exchange of qi, and you can see that this place is also a combination of the two energies.”
“Then there must be a ghost here.”
“yes. Demon summoning has been popular in the West for a long time, but Jin Seong-eum, the princess of Jincheon, blocked the psychic realm, making it impossible. On the other hand, in the East, the science of dealing with ghosts, or energy, has developed. You can compare it with Western magic and Eastern law.”
The cloud dragon pointed forward.
“What is the author doing now?”
A man in a colorful suit danced on the blade and walked over to a pig tied to a rope.
When the stomach was opened, the intestines spilled out. Queueek!
“It is to poison the demons. If you ask what the most grievous emotion is for humans, the first thing to do is resentment. Unfortunate things happen without reason. Such as being run over by a wagon and dying, or falling to death by tripping. In this case, the energy of resentment accumulates in the place, and this phenomenon is called han. It is attached to the vitality of human beings and makes the metabolism rise. There is a saying that the blood flows backwards, but if it goes in properly, you may vomit and die instantly.”
Even in the middle of the explanation, the chicken’s head fell off and the shaman’s face was covered in blood.
“Firing this resentment is called killing. Once you get possessed by a ghost, you stop eating and drinking, get sick and die. Of course, overlords with the energy of a tiger will be able to withstand it, but what they shoot now is not normal flesh.”
As the sound of bells and drums distracted them, the amulets on the strings swayed wildly.
“The sorrow of the virgin ghost who was killed by the bandits was amplified with the strongest magic. If you just fly it, it will drop the dragon as well as the tiger.”
A woman’s scream was heard.
Aaaaaaaaaaa!
When the feeling of resentment broke through the shield of the amulet, the cloud dragon felt like it had been put on the ground without eating anything.
“… … It’s really boring.”
“It’s not boring. But this is not the end. Han’s fear is that there are no limits. I will prepare the strongest flesh by weakening the demons and further weakening them.”
“The key is how strong you make Han. Is there anything else I need’?”
“We already have the best notations and experts in the kingdom. I am only repaying Your Highness for his kindness.” Moonryong stroked his beard.
“I heard that since the pyramids were built all over the world, there have been many requests for contacts from other countries.”
“yes. Everyone is desperate to figure out what’s going on.”
“Is Kashan included?”
“of course. Because no country handles the law better than the kingdom of Moon. Hey, why are you doing that… …
“I mean that age.”
The cloud dragon pointed at the shaman and squinted one eye.
“Do I really have to blow it to one person? Depending on the method, isn’t it possible for more than one person’?”
“Of course, there are flesh that blows at the majority. What scale are you thinking of?”
“Well, 11 people?”
Moonryong turned his head.
“So, to all the kings in the temple?”

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 1143 - War of the Law(3).txt
===============================
Law War (3)
The 230th floor of the Ivory Tower.
No one could move.
Tae-seong was captured by Sing, who was trying to prevent Yin-Ji and Yang-Ji from twisting their fates.
“Whoa.”
Laska, who guided Shirone to this place, regained her sanity and slowly stood up.
Thing’s eyebrows twitched.
‘damn.’
Laska was the only variable in the state where the balance of power was precisely engaged.
“Well then, what now?”
Laska smiled and approached them.
Yinji shed tears.
“Now we are all ruined. That thief will kill us. I’d break his fingers first. Then, tearing my body apart… …
Laska’s nickname was The Butcher.
“joy! If you want to do it, tell me to do it. It’s because he’s holding on to Taeseong. If you turn the target, you’ll find a guy like that in no time. I’ll give you the harpoon in one second and catch Taeseong again.”
Yangji spoke bravely, but Singh’s thoughts were closer to the negative.
‘I can’t miss Taeseong. Even if I die, I have to keep it in this place.’
Taeseong turned his gaze to Laska.
‘Release me.’
Even if he didn’t say anything, he belonged to Shirone’s clique and would make the right decision.
‘sister.’
Laska remembered Minerva’s words.
“Is Thing right?”
The Human Security Enforcement Department decided to follow Shirone, but her words were shocking.
“okay. Taeseong is a manager who is connected to the outside world. There’s nothing wrong with being careful as long as she doesn’t know her true intentions. Thing knows. She’s playing the villain.”
“Then why don’t you join Sing’s faction?” Minerva was silent.
“Is it because of Shirone?”
“We are the ones who have confused the world. I don’t think I’m qualified to comment on this judgment.”
“Sheesh, who said what? So what do you really want to do? You can do that.”
“I just… …
Minerva turned to Laska.
“I hope that the world Shirone wants will come. I hope nobody gets hurt.”
‘Uselessly soft-hearted.’
Turning around, Laska walked to the outer wall and put her palm on the window.
When the metal magic was cast, a grinding sound was heard and the hole was cleanly drilled.
Tae-seong said with a puzzled expression.
“Lasca.”
“I’m sorry, but I don’t want to be involved in this situation. To be honest, I have no idea what you are talking about.”
Minerva was worried.
“Don’t worry, I will stop the demons. Let’s play house together here.”
As he stared at the blizzard’s curtain, he jumped out with a steel roar.
“Lasca!”
Taeseong called, but all that came back was a sharp pongong sound that cut through the wind.
Shirone quickly descended the tower.
After Borbor’s death, the inhabitants of the Ivory Tower who followed Singh did not appear.
‘Memorial.’
It was their own tribute.
-Baal has risen to the 80th floor. The cumulative death toll is 764.
Shirone gritted his teeth at Mika’s words.
Even if they didn’t wear a star, there were many world-class powerhouses among the inhabitants of the Ivory Tower.
‘I’m being helpless.’ A jingle, the clear sound of a bell that makes it impossible to guess the distance is heard in my ears like an auditory hallucination.
lied
“Landscapes.”
Since it was probably unavoidable, Cirone held out the Hand of God.
The entire 112th floor was engulfed in the storm, and artificial trees were uprooted and blown away.
The wind died down, and a man in a white coat appeared at the entrance downstairs.
“Mr. Arte.”
Arte, a 3-star resident of the Ministry of Balance, sat on the shoulder of the satellite Tokei.
“I don’t have time for this. Baal is coming up slaughtering the inhabitants of the Ivory Tower.”
“I know.”
Shirone pulled out her secret weapon.
“Borbor is… …
“i know. I heard from Mr. Tanjura. He said he just asked for Oh Dae-seong to be sent.”
Arte lowered the fan and said coldly.
“If she asked for death, I could bend my subjectivity for a few hours.”
The expression on Tokei’s face, resembling a fire ant, became sad.
“He was a good person even to me, a demon. But to leave like this.”
Shirone asked.
“Then why did you stop me? Residents are dying even at this moment.”
“like… … You seem to say that you will not be killed by the sword of Baal.”
“yes?”
“The reason I blocked it is because if you go down like this, you will be killed.” Of course, I know the strength of Baal.
‘Hell’s army.’
Also, being the commander of the 1st Corps means being the strongest being in the world behind the scenes.
“I could die. But you have no choice but to fight. You can’t run away.”
“no. We must run away.”
Tokay said.
“Shirone, I’m sure no one has a win rate over 50% against you, but this time it’s different. I forgot to mention that I have to think of Baal’s Pandemonium.”
“Deadly Cross.”
Arte said.
“Baal’s power is the strongest in Hell. But it doesn’t end there. If Oh Dae-seong tries to annihilate him, he will definitely open up the Pandemonium.”
The result was a meteorite impact, the power to end human history in an instant.
“But they are not weak enough to take time against. You must be prepared for the Demon Realm.”
“Do you have any plans in mind?”
A woman’s voice was heard.
“I will explain.”
When Shirone turned around, a woman with concentric pupils was walking towards her.
It’s the first time they’ve actually met face-to-face, but if they had the remote sight equipped, there was only one person in the Ivory Tower.
“Mr. Pipa.”
He was the weapon systems supervisor of the Ivory Tower.
“I saw Baal fight firsthand. Devil’s ability, lecture. There are no absolutes in battle, but even the stars of the ivory tower are not easy opponents.”
Shirone meekly agreed.
‘The lecture… …
It is a kind of divine transcendence.
The will to cut is projected onto the sword as it is, and theoretically there is no limit.
‘Originally, the hidden code provides a level of logic-destroying convenience to the demons, but… …
Baal is different.
‘This is not a cheat. Rather, it is the strongest ability because there is a great will.’
That’s a real inspector.
Regardless of the level of ability, this was the reason Shirone evaluated Baal as a strong enemy.
The pipa continued the explanation.
“Baal has been killing all the residents since the first floor. Because if you reach the top in that way, it is considered that you have destroyed the Ivory Tower.”
The simple judgment was like a prosecutor.
“Thanks for taking the time. The core of the strategy is the 99th floor. This is the power engine room inside the ivory tower.”
The pipa pointed down.
“It has 3,200 large 68-ton batteries. This is the electricity used for the environmental circulation system from the 100th floor to the 199th floor. We intend to create a strong magnetic field by inverting this system.”
Shirone put on a tired expression.
“There is no way the tower will be fine. It’s like a railgun that fires 68-ton bullets.”
“that’s right. The top shouldn’t be fine. Because I intend to blow up the 99th floor.”
“If you reinforce the magnetic field, 3,200 batteries will bounce 360 degrees forward at the same time. pop! Even Baal will fly away. If more than 72 percent of the outer walls of the 99th floor are lost, the upper towers will come down under the load. The 28 percent resistance will dampen the vibration at the moment of impact. thud. That’s how the 100th floor is exactly plugged into the 98th floor. woo woo woo ”
The pipa, which had taken a tower-down posture, spread its arms waving its ten fingers.
Seeing that, Shirone realized. ‘Aren’t you crazy?’
If the calculations were even slightly wrong, the tower would tip over and crash into the ground.
“You can kill Baal, but you can’t leave him alone. Then the best thing is to blow it out. That’s a clear answer.”
‘I wondered where I saw it.’
I felt a sense of déjà vu from the way she spat out absurd words very calmly.
“The gear mark.”
High Gear’s tutorial manager, Bipa, pursed her lips.
“I’m not particularly interested in reality, but it makes me feel bad when my house is blown up.”
Arte intervened.
“How long will that take?”
“It takes at least 30 minutes. Because you have to hack the main system. Please stop Baal from rising up in it. As far away as possible.” Shirone opened her mouth.
“Mika.”
-Baal’s current location is on the 82nd floor. As Tanjura evacuates the residents, it is estimated that the movement speed will increase. The location that can be blocked in the least amount of time is the 86th floor.
It’s on the 86th floor.
‘Then there are 13 floors left.’
Shirone said.
“I will leave now. I will block Baal for 30 minutes, so please make the operation a success.”
please don’t be crazy
As the flash of teleportation passed through the floor, Arte turned to the pipa and asked.
“I’m just asking out of curiosity, which one is it? Thing? Or sirone?”
“of course… …
Pipa just smiled.
A single flash descended in a spiral along the outer wall of the ivory tower.
Upon arriving on the 86th floor, a swordsman with a purple longsword appeared from the opposite entrance.
‘Baal.’
With black hair hanging down to his shoulders, he was more beautiful than a human.
“Yahweh.”
The word abomination was not spoken.
“Don’t get in my way. At Satan’s command, I will erase the Ivory Tower from the world.”
“Why are you in the ivory tower right now?” Even Baal cannot read Satan’s will, but one thing was clear.
“Evil is defined by intellect.”
If intelligence doesn’t exist, evil is just pure chaos.
“We are not a disaster, Yahweh.”
Let Baal radiate purple energy
All the plants on the 86th floor began to twist.
‘This is the main course of the lecture.’
At the same time that energy was absorbed into the sword, Baal swung his sword at Shirone.
It was a movement that seemed rather slow because it was so fast, and Shirone was hit with a hexa.
‘Hand of God!’
As the two energies collided, the 86th floor, from which residents escaped, was devastated. Golden flashes spread, and between them purple flashes passed like a spider’s web.
‘ fast.’
It is ironic that the pinnacle of the hidden code beyond logic resembles divine transcendence.
‘Baal is real.’
The power equivalent to Lian’s blow lifted Shirone, who was engulfed in the Miracle Stream.
bang! bang! bang!
Each time it passed through the ceiling, a count was counted in Shirone’s head.
’87th floor. 88th floor. The 89th floor.’
Fearing that she would be pushed all the way to the 99th floor if she lost her mind, Shirone applied the brakes.
‘I’m already six floors behind.’
Stopped on the 92nd floor, Shirone raised her Hand of God and cast a Photon Cannon.
The moment when Baal’s figure was captured through the gap that had come through.
‘There it is.’
The photon cannon pierced a huge hole in the center of the floor as it slammed down vertically.
Baal raised the energy of the lecture with all his might.
“Great!”
91st floor, 90th floor, 89th floor, 88th floor??????.
“Yaaaa!”
As the purple flash drew vertically, the photon cannon split in two and scattered.
“Pooh!”
Taking a deep breath, Baal looked back toward the entrance and confirmed the floor he was on.
85th floor.
“Yahweh… …
The devil finally appeared on his face.

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 1144 - War of the Law(4).txt
===============================
Law War (4)
Hwa Resources Management Corporation – System Control Branch.
The area of the system control branch was as large as the size of the underworld.
A modern building was visible beyond the place where numerous buildings such as warehouses and engine rooms were lined up.
Richera said.
“That must be the headquarters of the System Control Branch. be careful. There are a lot of managers.”
Son Yu-jeong swung two swords.
“joy. Manager and what, I’m going to smash it. You dare kidnapped my friend, right?”
“No, joining that company wouldn’t be kidnapping, right? maybe that friend
O……”
“Noisy! do you want to die?”
Son Yu-jeong, who lifted the chain around her waist, put her mouth to Richera’s ear and shouted.
With only a face, even that was torture, but no one sympathized.
“damn! I’m so sad I can’t live. Does hell really exist? There are no chains.”
“Ho-ho-ho! of course! ‘Cause I’m invincible Not even hell can stop me.”
Shirone frowned.
“Son Yu-jeong.”
As the long orphans diminished, her face turned pale.
“I’m sorry!”
“Don’t be c*cky. You must never forget why I sent you to Hell.”
Son Yu-jeong’s eyes burned as she remembered Nane’s face holding Park Ji’s sword.
‘Buddha. You son of a bitch.’
The only difference from Shirone’s Choeni Bardo is that he cannot go out on his own.
‘She has to reach Bakji to return to reality. And that’s soon…’
It means getting to know your feelings.
“Let’s go.”
When we arrived at the entrance of the system control branch, there were people in suits guarding it.
Richera said.
“I am the manager. Let’s call it an agent. They say they are really vicious guys.”
Agents were also roaming around the premises, and among them was Black Seung.
‘agent.’
There is very little information about Hell in Omega’s records, but I have heard of their notoriety.
They were system experts from the underworld, and they were those who carried out tasks related to purification.
‘If Black Seung catches, the agent judges. Their power is absolute in Hell.’
Ethella said.
“I don’t think attacking head-on is a good idea. Even if you defeat them… …
Dealing with the purification system was another matter.
“gibberish.”
Chagall came out.
“What hesitates when you can break this dog chain? You can just kill them all.”
Lian blocked the street corner with Daejik Road.
“Shirone’s decision comes first. If you interfere with the operation, you will be hit with my sword.”
“Anyway. Because that woman will die too.”
“You are mean. Are you a pathetic fellow who can’t stand his own convictions unless he hides behind his hostages?”
Chagall strained his eyes.
“What do you know?”
“You know. Humans like hyenas who only pick out weak opponents and overwhelm them. If it wasn’t for the Taegeuk chain, you would have died.”
An illusion of a dagger flickered around Chagall.
“okay? Try it.”
Ethella said.
“stop it. This is not the time to fight among ourselves. Gathering information comes first.”
I knew it in my head, but the two people who were already on fire did not look away.
“You are a piece of trash?”
Lian hated Chagall, and anyone would.
“Hey, do you hate me that much? why? Because I’m bullying this woman? Just for that reason?”
“Is that the only reason?”
The moment Lian could not stand it and took a step, Chagall pulled the Taegeuk chain.
Hiding behind Ethella’s back, he shouted.
“Puhahaha! okay! I’m trash! I’d do anything if you guys could be offended!”
Shirone came out.
“Free Miss Ethella.”
“Then you guys have to work harder. hey girl tell these guys From now on, follow my orders. Otherwise… …
Chagall stabbed his own thigh with a knife.
“Huh!”
Ethella’s face contorted as the pain was transmitted through the Taegeuk chain.
The blade was stabbed in succession.
“Tell me! hurry!”
Rian, who had lost her temper, charged.
“You son of a bitch!”
“Puhaha! do you want to cut me Try it! Because I am dying to know what will happen!”
Chagall, who had put Ethella aside, opened his arms and waited for the great sword.
Lian’s teeth gnashed.
‘I want to cut! The world’s wicked!’
However, the fact that Ethella was suffering had no choice but to retract the sword.
‘still… …
His left fist was raised.
‘I’m sorry, Mr. Ethella. I’m going to hit you with one punch!’
If you don’t make it this strong, Chagall will continue to try to control the party.
Add to that.
‘I need to release my feelings too!’
Ethella hugged Chagall as her fists extended at breakneck speed.
“Keugh!”
When the action was stopped with the ability of transcendence, the wind pressure spread in all directions.
Ethella said.
“Stop it.”
Even Ryan had nothing to say to her.
“Keuk, it seemed like it was going to kill you, but is this all it is? In the end, you too were a man of only words.”
Ethella turned Chagall’s face away.
“You should stop too.”
“What are you stopping? i don’t listen to anyone I will torment you, torment you, drive you crazy.”
Just as Shirone was impatient and was about to leave, Ethella said.
“I have never been bullied.”
‘teacher.’
She turned to the group.
“The chain of Taegeuk cycles endlessly. I can’t say anyone got hurt. It’s not all his fault.”
Rather, it was Chagall that was absurd.
“What are you talking about?” Ethella recalled her last moments with Chagall in her reality, just before her life ended.
“I am the one who accepted Chagall. I am the only one who can resent him. But now I don’t resent it. Because I realized what I was going to do.”
Taegeuk’s fate.
“This man’s life is my life. So everyone, please be kind to Chagall.”
Everyone was silent.
‘ sacrifice.’
Even though it was not her job, she felt the pain of sacrifice, as if her insides were rotting away.
‘That is also a belief. It’s a single sword.’
said Ryan.
“All right. Now that I have heard Mr. Ethella’s determination, I will not judge Chagall in the future.”
Ethella turned to Chagall again.
“You help us too. You want to break the chains. If we join forces, we can do it.” is it?
‘I am… … I want to break the chains
go?’
Shirone said.
“Then I will set up a plan. First of all, you need to know the system of the Underworld.”
Even while the party was planning, Chagall stayed away from them.
Ethella’s heart was transmitted through chains.
‘It’s like a hypocrite.’
A warm and friendly feeling.
‘Actually, I’m disgusted. If I die unluckily, I will be happy as if I had the whole world. therefore… …
Chagall’s eyes grew red.
‘It’s unlucky.’
Anger as sharp as a blade will pierce through that unknown huge emotion.
I woke up
‘I mean, don’t sympathize!’
It is the evil of evil.
“Kuaaaaa!”
When everyone turned their heads to Chagall’s scream, he was already running to the system control branch.
“Chagall! Wow!”
The chain stretched and stretched 30 meters, and finally Ethella was dragged to the ground.
“That idiot!”
Everyone pursued, led by Lian, but Chagall arrived at the entrance before he knew it.
“What is that guy?” Agents found Chagall and asked for a whistle, but his temperament was calm.
As I puffed up my cheeks and blew the whistle, a contemptuous voice rang through the air.
– It’s an intruder! ha ha! It’s an intruder!
Agents working in each district, dressed in the same outfit, flocked like bees.
“Big!”
Chagall, who already had nothing to see, recognized that large number as only one enemy.
‘A quick-fire sword.’
Haze shimmered around him, and a huge number of rapid-fire swords rained down.
The agent grabbed Chagall’s shoulder.
“This child… … ! Kuck!”
The blade pierced his right eye and dozens of holes were pierced through his suit.
“100 million! 100 million! 100 million! 100 million!”
The agent became a hedgehog in an instant, but Chagall showed no signs of stopping.
“Aaaaaaa!”
Anger does not diminish.
‘die! die! to porridge’
If his stamina were conserved, he would repeat this like a machine forever.
‘Are you ignoring me? Am I funny?’
The feeling of wanting to break something is clear, but I don’t know what the broken state is.
“Aaaaaaa!”
it will keep stabbing
Until the shape changes, until every single cell is destroyed, until even the atoms are crushed.
‘What are you going to do! I’ll do it anyway!’
that kind of obsession.
Upon arriving at the entrance, Shirone and the others were at a loss for words in front of the horrific Overkill scene.
“oh my god… …
The level of malice that even agents couldn’t approach was unrivaled even in Hell.
Ethella shouted.
“stop it!”
As her heart passed through the chain, Chagall responded with even greater malice.
“Aaaaaaa!”
Why is it shameful?
‘It was that woman who was humiliated. why do i… … Why should I… … !’
why me
‘Yes, I am a murderer. i killed he is the villain of the world So you are being punished. you’re dead You fell into hell! If that’s still not enough… …
It doesn’t matter if you suffer more. ‘Let’s ask this one thing.’
why me
‘Why is there no past for me? What made you love Tia? It’s all fake anyway… …
If there is such a thing as God, shouldn’t we at least hear about it?
“Chagall!”
Ethella desperately sent her heart, but Chagall’s anger grew stronger.
“Kuaaa!”
Thousands of daggers hacked forward, tearing apart the agent’s body.
A voice was heard from the sky.
“Thank you for the great cleansing. The remaining purification time is 87 years, 2,875 kyungs, 3,241,640,107,210,038 hours.”
Shirone raised her head.
“what?”
As I recall, it was approximately 4 billion hours of purification.
‘It’s like this.’
Taegeuk’s karma, but the two of them were half lost in their reason.
“stop! Please stop!” Ethella shouted with all her heart, and Chagall’s attack finally stopped.
“ha! ha!”
What remained in the place where the rapid-fire sword disappeared were horribly damaged bodies.
“Chagall, Chagall… …
Ethella’s hands trembled as they shared their feelings, and bloody tears flowed from Chagall’s eyes.
“Teacher, are you okay?” After realizing how the two people’s Taegeuk was amplified, Shirone was finally convinced.
‘It’s hell.’ If Ethella forgives her Chagall, her Chagall will crush her with even greater anger.
‘Its infinite repetition.’
The threshold continued to grow, and only that huge emotion seemed to erase their karma.
“You made it very big.”
The agent who was accompanied by a wild horse had a different temperament from other agents.
“This is Markula, the head of the purification team of the System Control Branch. If I had told you in advance, the staff would not have made a mistake.”
Ryan asked.
“Are you going to let me in?”
“sure. He is our company’s VIP. come follow me Let me guide you.”
As Markula, who had turned to her normal posture, moved away, Lian asked Shirone what she was thinking.
“What do we do?”
“Any ulterior motive would be better than fighting. Let’s go into the office.”
As the party moved along with Shirone, Ethella and Chagall slowly stood up as well.
The two did not make eye contact.

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 1145 - trigger(1).txt
===============================
trigger (1)
The 95th to 85th floors of the Ivory Tower became a single floor and turned into a huge battlefield.
Shirone’s eyes tightened as he looked down at Baal from hundreds of meters high.
The Hand of God’s photon cannon exploded without a doubt, and after a while, a piercing sound exploded.
The blow of Baal, the energy of the river tore the photon cannon and scratched the inner wall of the tower.
“Keugh!” As the Miracle Stream swayed, Shirone took a deep breath and looked around him.
’96th Floor:
For the first time, the 95th floor was breached.
“Open the way, Yahweh.” Baal’s complexion didn’t look too good, but he still seemed to have some energy left.
Shirone thought.
‘I said I would destroy the ivory tower. If that’s the case, what he’s finally targeting is Taeseong.’
Many stars enjoyed the world in the ivory tower, but the center of gravity was always Taeseong.
She urged, she soothed, she decided, and it was humanity that kept it that way.
‘It is intellect that defines evil. When the standard disappears, evil has a legitimacy.’
In the post-apocalyptic world, evil will become the new intelligence that inhabits the world.
Mika passed on the information.
-30 minutes passed. The preparation of the pipa is complete. I’m waiting for Shirone.
Even a brief moment of current flowed through Baal’s enemies.
“You’re aiming for something.” Otherwise, there would be no need to desperately defend them from the lower floors of the Ivory Tower.
‘I’m holding my Demon World in check.’
If Deadly Cross were activated, disaster would strike not only the Ivory Tower, but also the entire northern hemisphere.
‘Pushing me out of the ivory tower would be the best outcome. But can I?’
As long as his will was rooted in the ivory tower, no force could displace him.
“Yahweh.”
As Baal raised his longsword above his head, a cool sword spread like oil on the blade.
Perhaps the determination to risk one’s life, equivalent to that of the Demon Realm, was manifested through Kang’s ability.
“Do I look funny? Even a non-deadly cross can destroy the ivory tower.”
‘I guess so.’
The energy Shirone felt from Baal was at a level that could penetrate the 97th and 98th floors.
‘This should be seen as the last attack. The moment I get pushed back here, there is no second chance.’
With the Hand of God blocking the front, Baal’s eyes fell into the deep abyss.
“Goes.”
As soon as the horse fell, a vertical line was drawn on the landscape as if drawn with a ruler.
The line that could not measure the distance was grasped by the hand of light that could not measure the distance.
“Big!”
As if a palm had been cut, fragments of light burst out like a fountain along a vertical line.
‘The 97th floor.’
Even if the force was not controlled, it was so powerful that it had to be yielded.
‘The 98th floor!’
With the last layer left, Shirone energized the Hand of God.
‘Seize!’
As Yahweh’s will and Baal’s will collided, the space on the 98th floor began to distort.
The shock wave exploded with a roar, and Shirone’s body was stuck in the ceiling of the 98th floor.
“Kuk!”
Looking down in that state, Baal with the face of a devil was surging up.
“Yaaaa!” In order not to fall into the enemy’s trap, what he chose was the strength of the river with all his heart.
Shirone’s eyes widened.
‘I’m thinking of going up to the top.’
The strength to the point of giving goosebumps was also a determination, so even though it was an enemy, my heart became hot.
When it collided with the Hand of God, the boundary between golden light and purple light appeared clearly.
Baal’s will was strengthened.
‘Pierce.’
However, the more that happened, the stronger the will of Shirone in the Miracle Stream was.
‘Stop it!’
My body tightened, and I felt the pressure in my stomach rising like it was going to explode.
‘Is this Yahweh?’
It didn’t matter to Baal how heinous he was to the demons.
‘Only weak beings whine. Whatever Yahweh is, it is enough to surpass it.’
I thought so.
‘Can’t I get over it?’
It is not because Baal’s will is weaker than Shirone’s.
‘It embraces all of humanity. That would be a huge weakness in any situation… …
As much as Yahweh’s will, no one in this world will be able to touch it.
‘It would be nice, human.’
I understood the feelings of the other demons.
‘I want to break it. I want to burn all my will and properly feel the energy of Yahweh.’
In the first stage when his body began to be crushed, Baal turned away from his burning desire to win.
‘It’s Satan.’
Since all demons came from him, their powers must also be used for Satan’s purposes.
‘At this point?’ If you open the Pandemonium and hit the Deadly Cross directly into the Ivory Tower, the mission is complete.
The impact of meteorites is the best weapon Hell has, but the Ivory Tower would be worth the exchange.
Shirone guessed Baal’s intentions through the hand of god’s vibration.
‘no.’
Before mankind could reach Ultima, it was necessary to prevent the opening of the Demon Realm.
“Big!”
In the blink of an eye, a thought flashed through Shirone’s mind, and Baal’s eyes widened.
As the suppressed river grew explosively, his sword rushed towards Shirone.
‘Am I stepping back?’
There was no choice but to stop Deadly Cross from activating, but desperation also made no sense.
‘Is it a trap?’
He knew that one of Shirone’s abilities was the ability to manipulate the mind like a law.
‘Yahweh is the one who handles the heart. If I change my heart, it becomes a reality.’
The corner of Baal’s mouth went up.
‘I’m not fooled.’
Unsure of anything, he held out his sword with all his might towards Shirone.
And finally.
‘ what?’
Baal’s longsword passed through Shirone’s abdomen.
‘I was really stabbed… …
realized at the same time.
‘Oops!’
However, it was already too late, and the Hand of God (hand skill) wiped them out.
On the 99th floor, where the sound of metal in the engine room could be heard, Baal looked ahead.
Shirone, who suffered a piercing wound in the abdomen, was kneeling on one knee with her stomach covered.
‘That way… …
There is magic that is 100% successful.
If you want to show the magic of disappearing fingers, you can actually cut off your fingers.
In the end, no one has to trust anyone until the moment the longsword is stabbed into the abdomen.
‘Because it’s true.’
Baal walked over to Shirone.
“But what does this mean? You were mortally wounded and could not harm me.”
As if not giving him time to heal his wounds, he immediately raised his longsword.
“die.”
At the same time, the pipa in the control room pressed a button.
“Magnetic reversal.”
The moment the 68-ton battery pops out, Baal’s body disappears with a thud.
In his shocked eyes, he saw the figure of Shirone, who had been hit by a battery in the same way.
‘Was this one?’
As he moved away from the Ivory Tower at breakneck speed, Baal raised the river to the limit.
“Big!”
But it was all he could do to withstand the shock, and he couldn’t even lift a finger.
At the point where the figure of Shirone, who was gradually moving away, looked like a dot, Baal’s nose twisted.
“Aaaaaaaaa!”
The anger was buried in the blizzard.
As the outer wall of the 99th floor collapsed, the center of gravity of the tower was rapidly shifted downward.
“Aww! go down!”
In the thrill of free fall, Tokei screamed and Pipa bit her lip.
The remaining outer wall will cushion the impact, but it was the standard for the building.
When the 100th floor was plugged into the 98th floor, a tremendous vibration made their bones throb.
‘please please!’
An error of even 1 percent relative to the scale would cause the tower to crash into the ground.
“Stand, stand.”
Tokay murmured, and the pipa checked the balance of the tower floating on the control screen.
The inclination of the tower, which had seemed to remain vertical, increased from 0.1 degree to 0.38 degree.
“I am falling! It’s because of the wind.” In front of the only uncontrollable variable, Arte, a 3-star resident, raised a debt.
“sight.”
There was a sound of bells ringing, and a great gale began to gust around the tower.
“It’s still leaning!”
0.6 degrees to 0.72 degrees.
The Ivory Tower is the world’s largest structure, and if it tilts more than 1 degree, it cannot be stopped even by a typhoon.
“Arte! Increase the spin!” As Tokay, who calculates fluid dynamics, gave instructions, the wind grew wilder.
Whoo oh oh!
“It is built! little bit more!”
As the tower, which had been traveling back and forth by plus or minus 0.5 degrees, regained its center, Arte exhaled.
“It’s almost a vacuum. We will have to keep it like this until the connection work of the tower is finished.”
It was a situation where fine adjustments were possible because there was a wizard who was the strongest of the blow series.
However, it was an unpleasant result as he was unable to help Sing and was stranded in the control room.
“You knew from the beginning, right?” Feeling Arte’s glare through her slender eyes, the pipa shrugged her shoulders.
“It’s improvisation, improvisation.”
Meanwhile, like Baal, Shirone was also caught in the inertia of the battery.
‘too fast.’
The weight of the projectile alone is 68 tons.
Since they shot something like that with electromagnetic force, it was incomparable to explosive propulsion.
I prevented my body from exploding with the Miracle Stream, but the wounds from Baal remained intact.
Even holding on to consciousness was an ordeal as the arctic headwind lowered his body temperature.
‘How far is it flying?’
With Corona Kingdom visible on the horizon, the battery began to draw a parabola.
‘It falls.’
The Miracle Stream would protect the body, but it seemed difficult to make a beautiful landing.
A battle cry was heard.
“Hold the line of defense! If Huig occupied territory is taken away, it will be a straight line to Corona Kingdom!”
At that moment, the general raised his head.
“What is that?”
A huge chunk of iron flew in quickly and landed right in the center of the demon camp.
Aaaaaang!
After falling into the snow, Shirone’s back shook.
“Aww.”
After the fall, the battery rolled another 200 meters and crushed the demons on the way.
The demons stared blankly at the horrific scene.
“What the F*ck… …
The demons turned their heads again and found Shirone with blood on her chest.
“Yahweh?”
As the Demons, who had been approaching in dismay, took two or three steps back, the squad leader shouted.
“Hey, hey! what are you surprised Since when did we fear Yahweh? Gather everyone!”
In other words, it was correct, but it was very uncomfortable for a company to approach with interest.
One of the demons muttered.
“… … He looks injured.”
It seems that he is still conscious, but the light of Yahweh has not escaped from his chest.
“A sword, a sword statue.”
Was Yahweh pierced by a sword?
For a while, the demons’ eyes were filled with joy.
“Quack! Kkkkkkkkk!”
The squad leader’s shoulders widened suddenly.
“Hey, did Yahweh do penance? To come in person to treat you to delicious juice.”
Shirone said.
“Stop the war. If you continue killing meaninglessly, I will not stand still.”
Loud laughter broke out on all sides.
“Puhehehe! What are you talking about? Hey, do you know what your condition is?”
Shirone’s eyes lit up.
“Almost all goes well.” The sound of laughter suddenly stopped, and the demons who exchanged glances rushed at them.
“Kill! Chew!”
Like water flowing into a pit, when demons gather and form a mass.
“Aaaaaa! what’s this!”
As the toxic smoke spread, the demons whose skin melted were scattered in all directions.
“Are you almost done? Anyway, bluff.”
Turning her gaze to the woman’s voice, Shirone noticed the back of a familiar woman.
“Mr. Minerva.”
Minerva turned around with the smoking pipe in her mouth and smiled and winked.
“Welcome to Huig Occupation.” At the present time, it was the most intense battlefield in the world.

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 1146 - Trigger(2).txt
===============================
trigger (2)
“There! All-out attack!”
Watching the demons gather from all sides, Minerva held out her hand.
“Can you stand up?”
The moment Shirone joined hands, a popping sound was heard from behind her.
Her transportation jet was flying through the demons at a tremendous speed.
“damn! Don’t let me run away!” The moment Minerva grabbed the jet with her hand, the bodies of the two soared into the sky.
“Ho-ho-ho! Let me catch you!”
Lately, flying demons covered the sky and flew in, but they could not catch up with the speed of the jet.
The two of them, out of the enemy’s radius, hovered in the sky, wary of tailing.
With one hand wrapped around Minerva’s waist, Shirone inspected the place where the sword had been pierced.
Minerva asked.
“are you okay? How did that happen?”
“I was beaten by Baal.”
“In order to stop the deadly cross, I had to hit one. But this… … Healing is not going well.”
If this was enough even with the Miracle Stream, other recovery magic had to be considered useless.
said Minerva.
“Is it the ability to teach? It must be because the intent to kill is embedded in the wound. In fact, it usually kills instantly.”
“Baal will return.”
“First of all, recovery comes first. Let’s go to the hideout. There is a place used by subordinates.”
“… … yes.”
Minerva, who escaped the trail, turned the jet into the deep mountains of Huig-occupied territory.
Shirone, who was walking down the hallway of the Delta headquarters, frowned and touched her stomach.
The wound from the ivory tower throbbed.
“cadet.”
In fact, there was no gum scarring, but the quantum aftermath was clearly felt.
‘A finger injury does not affect other fingers. But pain is felt by the whole.’
When compared in that way, depending on the degree of injury, the whole may die.
“Whoa.”
Wanting to take a break, Shirone leaned her back against the wall and watched the sunset outside the window.
‘The day is over.’
Although no one in the temple will be able to sleep anyway.
“Shirone.”
A beautiful voice was heard in the lonely hallway where most had left for dinner.
It was Miss Arachne, Barho Rangi.
‘Come to think of it… …
Although he had a fairly close relationship with Shirone, the feeling of meeting him at the temple was completely different.
‘Arachne’s strength is beauty. And she stands at the heart of the ruse.’
why did you approach it?
As if he had read Shirone’s caution, Rangi asked with a desperate expression on his face.
“Go to a quiet place. I have something to tell you.”
“… … great.”
The Miracle Stream enveloped them and in an instant flew through the window into the sky.
Rangi, who arrived, shuddered.
“omg!”
The sun, the size of a gold coin, was resting beyond the cloud like a cotton blanket.
“No one here will hear.”
It was incidental that he was so dizzy that he couldn’t even dare to promote lies.
said Rangi.
“I also attended Arachne’s banquet. and… … The person I entertained was Gis.”
Shirone’s expression became serious.
“is it so. The tracking article in the newspaper, I am the informant of the case.”
The reporter’s name was Maykel.
“The reaction was more explosive than expected, but I couldn’t bring down the gas. Because it lacks credibility.”
Shirone was just listening.
“But if I step in, I can definitely take it down. Tonight, I’m meeting Mayle. An article with my name on it will spread through the newspapers tomorrow.”
“Why?”
As far as he knew, Jive and Arachne were allies.
“Arachne must have suffered the same loss as a result of that incident. While taking the damage… …
I realized in that moment.
“That’s why you were able to do it.”
“yes. From the beginning, Arachne planned to bring Jive down. It seems that strategy is important in winning or losing the world of beauty, but in fact it is not.”
Rangi smiled bitterly.
“The one with nothing to lose wins in the end.” “If Jive is destroyed, the reward on our side is certain. I can’t tell you which country it is. the problem is… … Regardless of that, I’m going to die.”
It was quite predictable.
“They say it’s an asylum or identity laundering, but I can’t just leave someone who knows the truth of that day. They would either disappear without a sound or be murdered disguised as suicides. If you say it’s a delusion, I have nothing to say… …
Rangi looked back at Shirone.
“The more insurance you have, the better. Just the fact that Mr. Shirone knows about it will make the pressure on me much weaker in my own country.”
“You want me to announce it?” “yes. Please lend me Mr. Shirone’s name. If you put it in the article, I will take responsibility and bring down the gis.”
It might be a good result for Shirone, who was deeply troubled by the flu problem.
‘But can I believe it? If there is an ulterior motive for approaching me like Geese… …
Shirone murmured.
“Mika.”
A voice stuck in my brain.
_yes.
‘Is Mr. Rangi lying?’
-I cannot make value judgments. Her brain waves and heart rate are at a constant level.
Paranormal provides all mathematical information in real time, but interpretation is up to the observer.
For example, Mika can track all the keywords related to ‘death’ at this moment. However, it is unknown whether the emotion contained in the word ‘kill’ is sincere or a joke.
‘Anyway, her brain waves and heart rate are constant now. We can detect changes based on this.’
Above all, destroying Geese was also good for Tormia.
“I allow it.” Returning to Delta at sunset, Shirone passed to the Tormia sector. When I opened the door to the think tank, Lufist was receiving a report from Fleur who had just arrived.
“After that conversation, we parted after dinner. The next appointment is tomorrow afternoon.”
The albino nodded.
“It seems to have crossed a certain level. It seems that the boundary still remains.”
Shirone roughly guessed the context of the conversation, but sat down without saying anything.
‘The bomb explodes tomorrow morning. No matter what, Phi Plu’s sister won’t be able to meet Gis.’
Rufist, who didn’t know Shirone’s intentions, looked rather strangely.
‘I thought you’d run like before. Could it be that you really understood and followed my words?’
No, it can’t be.
‘I’m not one to give up. There must be something new going on. Of course I won’t tell you… …
The albino’s expression was also unusual, so Rufist planned a strategy.
“It’s a spy from the NIS.”
He was thinking of scratching Shirone’s insides.
“There is information about Geese’s taste. It’s kind of funny, but it’s top secret. A pervert is a pervert. Read it. We will be able to devise action plans.”
Flew quickly skimmed through the papers.
It didn’t seem that his emotions had changed, and it was a natural reaction to Lufist.
“There are always 20 guards guarding Gis’s side. The same goes for sleeping with a waitress.”
Flew handed over the papers.
“height. Among the 12 temple bureaus, the guards are the most responsive. Assassination must be difficult.”
Even then, there was no response from Shirone, so eventually Lufist couldn’t stand it and asked.
“Are you okay? I thought it would run wild. You really hated this strategy.”
“It is still the same today. But I can’t help it. You won’t even hear it dry. And regarding this matter, isn’t cooperation with Tormia postponed?”
Rufist realized.
‘There is something.’
Drawing a line with Tormia means that it is comfortable to move personally.
‘Actually, in the afternoon meeting, it was not confirmed in this way. Something happened in the meantime.’
I wanted to ask the question openly, but to hear the answer, I had to give up the world of beauty.
‘Hmm.’
Rufist’s thoughts deepened.
After introducing the sorceress Lyria to his subordinates, Dante immediately started investigating.
“Look at these papers.”
Lillia looked through the papers and immediately put them down.
“I don’t know, I have information.”
“So I explained everything. Classify which of the several patterns I suggested to you.”
She studied the documents carefully again and nodded as if she had finally realized.
“That’s it. You know the information has changed, but you don’t know why?”
“That’s right.”
“But for this, there is the right person. Mr Shirone. He is someone who has mastered both the information and the law.”
Dante asked for a cigarette.
“It is, but you have to be able to believe it. No, I believe it, but I cannot believe it.”
“… … I know roughly what it is. But that’s me too. I can’t fight for the kingdom. The reason I came here is because of the peace of mankind.”
“It’s okay, as long as you categorize that.”
Since Lilia couldn’t decipher the code, she was able to entrust her work with peace of mind.
I’d be lying if I said I wasn’t conflicted, but… … .
‘Yes, this is correct. If I leave it to Shirone, I’ll decipher everything with Ultima.’
It’s not an enemy, but what they pursued was different.
“okay. I’ll try.” Lillia took out her pen and flipped through her papers.
“Hmm. This is auspicious, and this is when fortune turns to misfortune. In this section, a large road continues… …
If the information Dante had analyzed was perfect, Lyria’s words would not be wrong.
‘It’s similar to predicting the weather.’
Dante pretended to smoke a cigarette and deciphered the documents she was analyzing.
‘It was like that.’
Finally, the meaning behind the incident was understood.
“At this point, there is a big twist. They say the magic is stuck, but the red line here.”
Lillia’s hand, which was quickly flipping through the papers, stopped at a certain page.
After a long silence, Dante put out a cigarette and asked.
“what’s the matter?”
“this… … it’s a bust A cataclysmic event so great that all the auspicious things that have been dragged along will dry up.”
“Give me a second.”
Sensing the seriousness of the situation, Dante snatched the document and read the code.
‘It’s an alliance code. The composition of the alliance of 11 countries against the kingdom of Moon. why is this good
You mean no?’
According to Dante’s analysis, the most dangerous country at present was the kingdom of Paras in the Middle East.
Lyria added.
“As well as the great catastrophe, it is the first law that has undergone the greatest change due to the construction of the pyramids. information at the bottom. I don’t know what it is, but it’s raising my bad luck.”
Dante checked the place without a word.
‘Alliance code… …
Kashan.
This is what the meeting of kings is called.
“Code One.” It was a different level of weight from code two, which is a way for officials to contact each other, to code four.
“Be fully prepared.”
Moonryong opened the door of the temporary barracks 20 kilometers away from Delta and entered.
“Welcome, King of the Doors.”
Uorin, who was sitting at the end of the round table, offered a seat across the table with a smile.
The cloud dragon gave a fist and said.
“Since the Empress personally came out to me, I stand on my side. Thank you for your courage.”
“To be honest, I was a bit surprised that the Kingdom of Moon would propose Code One. However, the ladies-in-waiting served alcohol.
“I was confident that it would not disappoint me. Because he has a large distribution.”
The corner of the cloud dragon’s mouth went up.
“Have a drink.”
Kashan competes for the top spot among the 12 temple nations, but he was confident.
‘I will never refuse.’ huge bre@sts.

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 1147 - Trigger(3).txt
===============================
trigger (3)
Even when the drinking party was ripe, Uo Lin and the cloud dragon did not reveal their insides.
“Heh heh, horseback riding is good for health, but it is also a very effective medicine for mental illness.”
“I heard that the horses of the Moon Kingdom are fast and strong. In Kashan, horses are very precious.”
In the midst of daily conversations, the captains of the guards of both countries were in the middle of a fight.
‘I can’t be pushed.’ Except for the king, only the captain of the guards are eligible to attend Code One.
The atmosphere was tense because a tipping of the balance was tantamount to losing a war.
‘It’s not normal, that woman too.’
Kido glared at the commander of the royal guard of the Moon Kingdom.
The only living thing on her corpse-white face was her lips as red as blood.
‘Did I say it was red river?’
Receiving Kido’s gaze without avoiding it, Ryeong-ryeong gently brushed the hair below her ears.
As the blue bugle sleeves came down, ominous red letters were revealed on the wrist.
‘I heard that the Moon Kingdom has advanced Jiangshi technology. The work of carving the law into a human body.’
I couldn’t relax as long as I didn’t know what laws were inscribed on the spirit’s body.
“In the kingdom of Moon, there is a famous horse called Rain Wind, which runs a thousand miles a day and is not afraid of a rain of arrows. Sooner or later, I will send you a stallion as a gift.”
“Thank you for the favor.”
Uorin covered her mouth and smiled broadly, but her inner eyes were as cold as snakes.
‘It’s dirty. What the hell is going on?’ Kashan has no allies.
Partly because it is as strong as it is, but also because a clumsy alliance system will cause resentment in the future.
‘What cards are there in the Moon Kingdom?’
I wouldn’t have activated Code One without the certainty that I could be persuaded.
While I was excited, on the other hand, I didn’t feel like I was being dragged by the other person.
‘Damn the time.’
As the kingdom of Paras twisted the law, her future attempts were now useless.
“You have great patience.”
The cloud dragon smiled as it sounded like a surprise attack, but Uorin responded calmly.
“Hoho, I just didn’t notice the time passing. Come to think of it, it’s already late at night.”
Moonryong looked down at the glass and said.
“Let’s make an alliance.”
“What do you have?”
“Whatever you want.”
“What is it?”
“well. disaster’?” “Shockwave? great fear? Whatever it is, anything that can destroy the current situation.”
Uorin, who was pushing her upper body aggressively, quietly stepped back into her chair.
Holding a glass of wine and wet his lips was a signal that he would listen to the words of the cloud dragon.
“I am going to kill the kings of the temple.”
Listen! Listen!
With Woorin’s ears perked up, the explanation continued for 20 minutes.
“Sal is ready. All you have to do is blow it up. I just don’t want to do one at this point. Harvits.”
Moonryong stretched out his upper body.
“I heard that the flesh can be further strengthened by using the system of the Underworld. Also, if that happens, you will be able to assassinate all the kings of the 11 countries in the temple.”
Uorin scratched the flesh of her fingernails.
‘A stupid bastard.’
My heart was beating wildly, and I felt as if blood was circulating all over my body.
‘There is no law to die.’
Desperately suppressing the rising corners of her mouth, she raised her head for the first time.
“It will be possible through Havitz’s servant Siok. Then can I avoid the flesh?”
“The Empress looks down on me too much. I’ve already heard the explanation, so the threat is meaningless. Even so, I made the offer because you wouldn’t refuse it.”
Clearly so.
‘There is only one world leader, and a clumsy alliance can put enemies behind its back. double-edged sword. But the cloud dragon’s proposal is attractive.’
The value of the alliance was sufficient if it could drive as many as 10 countries to the brink of collapse.
“… … When do you throw away the flesh?”
“It’s midnight tonight.”
It was the correct answer, even to Wu Lin.
‘The value of information declines over time. The faster you go, the greater the destructive power. On the downside, there is no room to consider variables compared to the scale of the case.’
Feeling the same way, Kido glanced at Uorin.
‘Hey, this isn’t quite right.’
After about 2 hours, it is about killing 10 of the world’s most powerful people at the same time.
‘It’s too urgent. Let’s think about it.’ Wu Lin raised the corner of her mouth.
‘Wrong, Kido. It’ll work because it’s urgent.’
Theraze’s true strength was not in heredity of memory or history search.
‘Put one bullet into the revolver. Then, if you hold the muzzle to your head… …
the world looks different
‘Unnecessary emotions disappear, thinking cools down. You can differentiate between the important and the unimportant. As a result… … You will understand the world as if you are sucking it in.’
Of course you have to pull the trigger.
‘If you pull it six times, it will explode once. It just ends there when the bullets go out.’
About 16.6 percent.
‘83.4 percent chance of living. It’s actually an incredibly easy gamble. But people don’t pull the trigger easily because life is the most precious thing.’
But Theraze is different.
‘I pulled endlessly. Realize there, turn the revolver, and head back to 16.6% death… …
Click.
‘Keedo, can you do it? I have to. Because everyone in the temple is like that. Those who cannot overcome the fear of 16.6 percent are not qualified to devour the world.’
Wu Lin said.
“Okay, I accept Moon Kingdom’s offer. I’ll ask Havitz to amplify the flesh. However, I would like to tweak the strategy a bit. Now that we have formed an alliance, we must be qualified to express our opinions, right?”
“Of course. I will listen.”
“The plan to assassinate the heads of the existing 10 countries could have a big aftermath. Regardless of success, any country that is not fit for flesh will come under suspicion.”
“Sure, I thought about it too. But it wouldn’t be a waste to just blow this opportunity.”
“Instead, I think the gains will outweigh the losses if we can accuse a specific country of being the culprit. It is a double strategy to kill the king of the enemy country and to frame the king of the enemy country.”
“Hmm.”
It made sense.
“Is such an operation immediately possible? Even a fortuneteller cannot predict the human mind.”
“You know me.”
The cloud dragon, which had been staring into Mitochondrial Eve’s eyes, nodded.
“Good. Choose the country you will die for and the country you will avoid, right here and now.”
The design should be finished in 10 minutes.
Uorin’s lips opened as Kido and Ryeongryong swallowed their saliva with nervous expressions.
“The first country to be born is… … judgment has been made
“This is Tormia.”
The temporary barracks where the Moon Kingdom had escaped were silent, and only the candles were flickering.
It seemed to represent Uorin’s feelings.
“Aren’t you anxious?”
Kido asked.
“Honestly, I am anxious. So why did you accept that offer? Kashan’s position is still fine. Even if we went safely, there was a good chance.”
“Not good enough.”
Thera’s intuition told her.
“Your height, being okay, is actually going down. Because humans are not basically animals that feel content with being okay.” “You have to knock on the stomach without stopping. If this continues, Jive will become the leader. I need the power to shake the game. That’s a lot of power.”
“You mean that’s an assassination of the king?”
“Anyway, Moon Kingdom blows flesh. If catastrophe is unavoidable, it is far better to be on the side of the catastrophe. Because you can control the information.”
“Well, I’m sure you know how to do it.”
The Empress of Kashan probably didn’t need any instruction, but Kido felt like a warrior.
‘Once someone dies… …
After that, Pivada’s revenge drama, where sword calls sword, awaited.
Uorin’s eyes sparkled with life.
“By the way, where is this Harvits guy all day so I can’t see him?” At the time when the night politics was in full swing, all of Gustaf’s 4th arts came out to the city.
“Havitz came here?”
Balkan looked up at the building with hundreds of light bulbs lit along the building’s exterior.
Jetaro tilted his head.
“Casino. Was it because you were too bored? I’m not the type to gamble or have fun anymore.”
Sumodo said.
“It’s not like I’m here to kill people. You signed an agreement with the Kashan Empire.”
From their conversation, Balkan realized.
“No, it’s true that I came to kill you.” Natasha asked.
“Is it really so? Harvits doesn’t care about contracts, but he won’t break them just because it’s against him.”
It was such a personality.
“It is not a breach of contract. I am not responsible for what happens outside the temple. Even if there is, with Kashan’s power, I’ll be able to carry it through.”
Sumodo touched his chin.
“Hmm, then what’s more strange? Didn’t the dead come out? It’s not even in a burnishing state.”
“… … Let’s go in.”
As the four entered through the front door, numerous nobles were gambling.
“Oh yea! One million gold!” People clapped when the girl who had won the card game raised her hands.
‘Rebecca.’
Vulcan, who had read the military standard, nodded.
“As expected, it is no coincidence that Habitz came. There was a VIP. Rebecca, Geese’s daughter.”
“Your liver is swollen. I heard that there were also injured people, but they are still leisurely gambling.”
“My eyes are open. it must be a drug But more than that, I don’t think she knows where she is.”
Zetaro said.
“I think it’s true that Havitz came to kill Rebecca. But why did he change his mind?”
“excuse me.”
Vulcan pointed to the bar.
“welcome.”
The bartender, who was washing the cups, immediately changed his expression when he saw the ferocious face of the 4 fighters.
“What are you here for?”
“I am Gustav’s emperor Vulcan. I heard that Harvitz came here today, have you seen it?”
The bartender’s expression darkened.
“I… … Who are you?”
Zetaro slammed the bar down.
“Emperor, Emperor! I am Prime Minister answer any questions Did you see Harvits or not?”
‘Are they crazy people?’
A great number of people had been looking for him since broad daylight, but this was the first time the emperor had ever been there.
“Ah, that… …
The bartender recited exactly what he had told everyone.
It was a matter of life.
“female… … A child?”
Vulcan’s eyes shook at the unexpected information.
“yes. He looked about seven years old. The atmosphere was a bit odd though. Mr. Harvits drank the whiskey, and the child didn’t touch anything.” Natasha asked.
“What were you talking about? I have to be honest.”
“I really don’t know! The customers were vomiting en masse, so we went to the warehouse to get ice.”
Sumodo checked the bartender’s expression with a clear look.
‘It’s not a lie.’
The question that remains is who the hell is the child that Havitz is more interested in than Rebecca.
“We seek, unconditionally.”
There was no disagreement with Balkan’s words, and the four of them stood up as if to kill each other.
“It’s an inquiry chase. Even if you don’t know Havitz, there must be people who have seen the child. Grab whatever comes your way.”
The holy war would not stand still, but Gustav’s 4th skill was a life without a back.
“There is no need for that.”
The bartender pointed forward with a surprised expression.
“uh? me, there! That child!”
Where the 4th Gustav had turned, Wena Wizard was standing upright.
‘alone? Where are the Harvits?’ Vulcan quickly looked left and right, but his eyes were fixed on the wizard.
‘No, rather than that.]… …
Everyone was thinking the same thing.
‘Are you really human?’

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 1148 - Trigger(4).txt
===============================
trigger (4)
A bizarre feeling, like Harvits.
‘No, the disgust is much stronger with this child. It’s so foreign that it makes my stomach ache.’
It was like seeing a 5-dimensional creature.
‘I don’t know what it is, but if there is, it must be this feeling. Havitz’s feelings become this year.’
Balkan looked back at Natasha.
‘Can you catch it?’
Receiving an unspoken signal, Natasha took control of the Wizard’s back, performing the dance of a god of death.
‘Break your arm.’
But the child had disappeared before he knew it.
‘Is it fast?’
No, it’s different from that.
Since there are no eyelids, there is no blind spot, but it felt like closing and opening my eyes.
‘Blink. That feeling?’
In the inertia of moving at super-high speed, in front of Natasha who had twisted her body.
oh oh oh oh!
It was a sight of a tree-long fetal face sobbing with a long tongue sticking out.
It was a truly terrifying feeling, but that feeling suddenly disappeared along with the shape.
‘This is it!’
Stasis of flickering feeling.
‘The moment it disappears… …
Just as the world was once closed and then opened, the wizard is in another place before you know it.
‘It’s annoying.’
Natasha, who felt that a blow was necessary, activated the ‘God of Death’s martial arts – combat machine’.
Then the free spirit roared again.
Whoo!
‘It’s a really terrible cacophony.’
Whether time passes quickly or slowly, the movement of the free spirit seems to be the same.
‘no. There’s another motion within the motion.’
i.e. fractal structure.
When any part of an action is viewed in isolation, the same movement as the whole is repeated.
‘This strange vibration dominates the surroundings.’
oh oh oh oh!
Natasha’s fist extended as the long tongue slid out of the fetus’ face.
“Huh… …
As the sobs broke, the form of the impermanent god permeated the air.
‘When it becomes perfectly still.’
At the same time as the dissonance disappears, the world loses exactly one frame.
blink.
After the frame was omitted, the scenery Natasha saw was upside down.
‘what?’
I figured out the state with a delicate schema… … .
‘Wait around the waist?’
The Wizard, who grabbed Natasha by the waist, pushed the weight with all her might.
“Ughhhhhh;”
As soon as I threw it upside down, Natasha hurriedly raised her arms.
Even though I reduced the shock with the fall method, my body bounced like a ball and was pushed off the casino floor.
bang! bang! bang! bang!
After rolling 20 meters in that state, she squatted and applied the brakes.
“Pooh.”
It was a sigh mixed with admiration.
‘That 1 frame is really tricky. Once activated, nothing can be done. Nothing to me.’
oh oh oh oh!
As the impermanent god stuck out her tongue again, Natasha bent her head and her eyes filled with madness.
“The death god’s dance… …
“stop.”
Balkan said.
“Stop it now. There is no point in fighting among ourselves.”
“Between us?”
The battle between Natasha and the Wizard was brief, but it was enough. Vulcan turned to Wizard and asked. “Havitz… … Are you dead?” natural enemy.
I don’t know who sent it, but it was a combat weapon that responded to all of Havitz’s abilities.
Wizard shook his head.
“no.”
“why?”
Vulcan knows best what kind of existence Havitz is, but this time he was rather puzzled.
He was a child who felt that way.
“… … Because I am weak.”
Natasha returned to her seat as Sumodo and Jetaro savored the words.
Feeling the eyes of the casino people, Vulcan approached the wizard and asked.
“Do you think we have something to talk about?” By the time Harvitz arrived at the Delta headquarters, it was an hour before midnight.
The fact that he stopped by the casino had already been reported through the intelligence agencies of each country.
The officials looked puzzled.
‘What have you been doing? Seeing that Miss Rebecca was unharmed, I think there must have been another reason.’
No one knew about the 6-hour hiatus after he left the casino.
And those 6 hours.
“Quack.”
It completely lifted the spirit of Havitz, who was bored to death every second.
‘fun.’
Wena Wizard.
All the creative results she produced in battle thrilled him.
‘I don’t know what you’re thinking. She can’t predict a second ahead of her. Who are you?’
I didn’t even know how much I was distracted by the wizard and the Delta knights came running.
“hey! Habits! stop!” I didn’t use vanishing, but I was suffocating with Havitz’s magic alone.
“ah??????
When Habitz, who regained consciousness, turned his head, dozens of knights were lined up.
As Satan’s eyes filled with anger, the instincts of the knights screamed.
“Kuh! If you’re thinking of fighting… … !”
“sorry.”
Havitz, whose anger had disappeared as if he had never done that, said with a smile on his eyes.
“I thought it was the Kashan sector.”
Vanishing would be comfortable, but he didn’t want to offend Uorin anymore.
“Be careful in the future.”
Since there were no knights who wanted to engage in a head-to-head confrontation, the situation ended in vain.
Harbitz went straight to Uorin.
“hey! Where have you been!”
As soon as I opened the door, I heard a tearing voice, but the sound of my heart was different.
Harvits said with a laugh.
“congratulations. It’s been a while since I hit the jackpot. Will a full-scale assassination war begin?”
Wu Lin sighed.
“Where have you been?”
“just… … to get some air something to worry about
What is it? I will come to you when you need me.”
It would certainly be the case with Satan’s law, but this time I wasn’t sure.
‘I feel different from before.’
Now that future vision is blocked, the Havitz she feels is not just chaos.
“anyway.”
Time was running out.
“I know everything, so I’ll pass the explanation. Can you strengthen the flesh that the Moon Kingdom put all their heart and soul into?”
“It is possible. Because the system control branch of the Chemical Corporation controls karma. But the psychic realm is closed. You’ll have to send Shi-ok to take care of things.”
“So please. One hour left until midnight. Can you match?” She knew how dangerous it was to use the expression “favor” to Satan.
“Okay, I’ll do it.”
Surprisingly, however, Havitz did not show any interest and readily agreed.
“I have a favor to ask of you too.”
“huh?”
Uorin blinked.
Like Under Coder and High Gear, the time of Apocalypse was also different from reality.
“Mining. It’s a tough job.”
I had already been mining for over 15 days, but it was difficult to find meaningful information.
Marsha said.
“It’s still okay. Finding keywords from a specific time period is like digging for fossils. If you just find the case of that regiment, the information will come out in bulk.” The operator rested his chin.
“Hmm, it would be nice to find a place where various regiments are piled up. Maybe a museum, a government archive, or a database equivalent to it.” Number Seven said.
“The problem is that you can’t see because of Youcus. The air layer has not come out for 17 hours already.”
The mining team aboard the super-large excavator ‘Extra’ looked at the screen on the c*ckpit.
Only the sight of the laser drill digging out Yucus was repeated endlessly.
The operator grumbled in frustration.
“Isn’t the aircraft too slow?”
“Are you kidding me? Do you think it’s easy to go 40km/h digging up stone? They say it’s made of Titan alloy specially made by Metal Genome. The engine… …
“It’s creepy, so please stop. After all, they are all fictitious companies created by my older brother.”
Number Seven pursed his lips.
“Sheesh! This kind of reality becomes the motive for creating luxury goods. Without even knowing… …
After 30 minutes of small talk, the extra’s aircraft vibrated violently.
“what?”
“The pace of progress has increased. Resistance is weakening. I think it will break through soon.”
While everyone’s eyes were focused on the screen, the stuffy limescale suddenly disappeared.
“It’s out!”
After a while, the tremendous gravitational acceleration pulled the extras down.
“Aww! Aaaaaa!”
I had already experienced the same situation several times, but it was a fear of not being able to adapt.
“Wait.”
Shirone went outside and grabbed the extra’s aircraft with the Hand of God.
“Whew.”
Looking down in that state, I saw a small village containing a military installation.
‘It’s a government agency.’
With her eyes shining, Shirone flew in front of the large spire and landed the extras.
“It looks like a monument of some kind.”
The mining team with their equipment searched the area and returned.
“This is a war veterans monument. The body seems to have been put somewhere else, but this is where your belongings will be. Let’s take a look in case you don’t know.”
Opening the iron gates installed in the ground, the mining team descended into a basement with thousands of ledges.
Shirone looked at it randomly.
‘Identification line. family photo. note.
diary… …
His gaze, which had been slowly scanning the items on the shelf, was fixed on one spot.
“huh’?”
It was a toy pyramid.
After looking left and right in the hallway for a while, Shirone pulled out a pyramid the size of her hand.
The inside was empty and light, but the paper moved around when I swung it up and down.
‘Note.’
When I opened the lid on the bottom and unfolded the folded paper twice, there were precise pupils.
“Exhibition view… …
God’s all-seeing eye.
When I brought the note to the top of the pyramid, the line fit perfectly.
“Shirone! here!”
Hearing Marsha’s voice, Shirone took the pyramid and ran to it.
“What happen?”
“I found it.”
What Marsha was holding was a thick, moldy book.
‘Ancient Witchcraft Guide.’
Shirone deciphered with Ultima, but Marsha referred to pictures rather than words.
“I took a quick glance, and suddenly this… …
On the page she opened, she saw the temple mark and the flags of the 12 participating countries.
‘The magic of the Moon Kingdom, death. It is believed to have been used in the assassination of royalty. At that time, the deceased was… …
Shirone immediately closed the book.
“What time is it in reality?”
The chimes announcing midnight.
Pious sound waves ride through the night to the capital
If it spreads, the lights will go out in every house.
“Quaaaaaaaaa!”
In a cave four kilometers away, that was the sound of waking a ghost.
“majesty! Avoid!”
With the essence of resentment that even tore the barrier, the magician took Moonryong and retreated toward the entrance.
“Unbelievable… …
The vision of a woman scratching her face with her nails flashed like electricity.
The shaman ran around.
“O grievous soul! O ghost that wanders the nine heavens! I need to release Han. I have to let go of that resentment!”
The ghost glared at the picture of the kings that had fallen to the floor and screamed in anguish.
“I will kill you! I’ll kill them all! All living things, I kill them all!”
‘How can you be so clear? This… … You’re gross.’
The fortune teller’s face was pale, but the cloud dragon did not raise an eyebrow.
“What are you doing? shoot.”
Just like that, the trigger was pulled, and the magicians cut the last barrier with their long swords.
“good! Go! your sorrow… … Wow! Resentful Han… … ! Ugh, uhhhh ah!”
As soon as the bloody shaman collapsed, something like white frost flew through the entrance.
“joy!”
Moonryong is a ghost flying towards him.
He looked straight into his face and said.
“I am the king.”
AA AA AA… … .
The essence of resentment that escaped the cave is nostalgic
It became a scream and embroidered the night sky.
Dang. Dang. Dang.
Twelve bells rang.

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 1149 - 12 o'clock, 12 stations(1).txt
===============================
12 o’clock, 12 stations (1)
The midnight bell had disappeared, as if it had never sounded like it in the first place.
silent Night.
“Quickly find out the truth!”
Sectors in each country of the temple were in a state of emergency.
‘what? What is it?’
It has not been reported how quickly the flesh amplified by the Moon kingdom affects reality.
‘It’s an assassination attempt. description other than that
I can’t.’
It would have been faster than the bell.
“Pony!”
Shirone, who had mined assassination information from Apocalypse, ran to Tormia’s sector.
The knights were standing there as they looked like stone statues, but you could tell just by looking at their faces.
‘ also??????
After entering the depths of the sector, the leaders were running around nervously.
Still still.
As if trying to condense boiling water and freeze it, they desperately suppressed it.
perplexity.
Shirone also slowed down from then on and slowly approached the place where the king was staying.
“Whoa.”
I took a deep breath and opened the door, waiting for the dark shade of a candle instead of a bright light.
“Shirone.”
Rufist and Albino were standing there, and Dante was pensive with a serious expression on his face.
“Are you all right?”
The bed was covered by a curtain, so Lou Fist realized from Shirone’s question.
“Is it Apocalypse? Since when?”
“I just found out. I think it’s already too late.”
Dante silently drew back the curtains and found the pale pony lying dead.
“Lilia-san.”
The person guarding Pony’s side was Lilia, a mage from the Acaeans Shrine.
“Instantaneous death was prevented. But I can’t be sure.”
Totems and magical weapons placed next to the bed, Shirone asked with a deep breath.
“How did you predict?” Dante replied.
“I couldn’t predict. I couldn’t even guess. Lyria read her breasts through the flow of her intelligence.”
Lyria took the word.
“I created a shamanistic barrier against most of the factors besides His Highness, but this is unexpected. incredibly strong It’s like soaking yourself in poisoned water.”
Choenibardo’s senses sensed the ghost shaking behind the bed.
“Get out of Pony.”
The Miracle Stream wrapped around Pony’s body.
“Key Yaaaa!”
The unconscious Pony opened her eyes and her back bent like a shrimp.
“I will kill you! I will kill them all!” Pony’s face turned into an evil demon as afterimages overlapped on the boundary of the paper.
‘damn.’
When the Miracle Stream was destroyed, the demons were crushed again by the laws of Lyria.
“It’s serious.”
Lyria nodded.
“This is not a normal Magi. I also tried using anima, but the flesh energy is too strong, so it’s useless. If I forcefully tear down the paper bag, His Majesty the King will die.”
Shirone’s eyes tightened.
“It must be the Moon Kingdom. I figured out the future where they use witchcraft to assassinate the kings of each country.”
Rufist asked.
“Who will die?”
“That doesn’t make any sense. Since we have already mined, the future will change slightly according to the changes in reality. However, I think the first assassination target was 6 people. Tormia, Jincheon, Corona, Tribal Union, Paras, Gustav.”
said Dante.
“Half of 12 countries. They set up a smoke screen without knowing who instigated it. Anyway, information about Apocalypse cannot be accepted as evidence. Evidence that each country can choose according to its advantage cannot secure objectivity.”
the albino murmured.
“There is no Kashan.”
Everyone turned to him.
“From the viewpoint of the Moon Kingdom, the Emperor of Kashan must be the first priority to be eliminated. Actually, of the traditional three empires, only Kashan is missing. I can’t help but think that I took his hand.” Lyria asked.
“It could have been deliberately omitted for that point, right? To cover up Kashan.”
Lufist shook his head.
“Blowing flesh is a kind of declaration of war. If it is pointed out as a war criminal country, other countries also gain a justification for assassinating the king. In such a situation, if you dare to force the Empire, you will face a backlash. Even if I was prepared, it would be better to kill all 11 countries in the first place.”
Dante agreed.
“Allies seem certain. All that remains is response. We must also keep in mind the possibility of union. It’s only going to be quiet until tonight. When the day is bright, the sword will move.”
A bloody wind will blow.
“Use Quan.”
The albino spat out nonchalantly.
“Call me.”
As Dante nodded and left the room, Lilia watched with sad eyes.
‘It’s cruel, a life where you have to win.’
Sitting on the bed, Shirone touched the forehead of Pony, who was breathing sharply.
It seemed desperately holding on.
‘Hold on a little longer.’
The moment the foil collapses, the ghost will tear Pony’s heart apart.
‘I’ll save you.’
In order to revive the pony, there was no choice but to remove the demon directly from the underworld.
A knock was heard.
“The president of the association.”
The face of the Foreign Minister of Tormia who opened the door and entered was flushed red.
“This is Code One.”
Rupist and albino reacted simultaneously to the word referring to the summit.
“How are you?”
“Shirt. It is a tribal union.”
It was a force that had not yet taken any special steps since the holy war was held.
The albino rested his chin.
“Hmm. It’s called Code One… …
According to Shirone’s words, the South was also among the targets shot by the Moon Kingdom’s flesh.
‘The King of Tormia is unconscious. He would be no different in the South. Could it be that he’s safe?’
Rufist said the same thing.
“It could be a ploy to spy on the situation in other countries. Let’s proceed with code two for now.”
“No, that… … In the south, it’s okay if you’re not the King of Tormia.”
The albino’s brow wrinkled.
“What do you mean?”
“The condition suggested by the South is Shirone’s presence. Other than that, he said he would adjust to the convenience of this side.”
I realized two things.
‘First, it is a meeting with a clear purpose. Second, there is a high possibility that Euntara, the leader of the south, will be safe.’
In other words, it means that he stopped the flesh of the kingdom of Moon.
‘Information about alliance possibilities and witchcraft. Either way, this code one is necessary. The problem is sirone… …
It was doubtful whether he would step forward because he was currently drawing a line with Tormia, but it was nothing.
“Let’s go.”
Shirone got up from the bed.
“Maybe he can tell you how to save Pony. Please set up a meeting as soon as possible.”
“yes. then.”
When the Minister of Foreign Affairs left the room, an albino prepared the necessary documents for Code One.
“Are you going to attend?”
Rufist nodded at Shirone’s question, but couldn’t help feeling bitter.
‘For a friend… …
Is Yahweh moving just that much?
‘or not.’
is that all
At the sound of the midnight bell, Fermi stopped work and stretched.
‘Collect the information of the temple and try to reverse it with the information mined from Apocalypse.’
It was a time-consuming task, but once the vital points of each country were identified, the effect would be enormous.
“huh?”
At that moment, Gold Bird, the magic of Lampa, the world’s greatest information wizard, infiltrated the secret room.
Of course, the person who cast it must have been someone from the Parrot Mercenary Corps, not Rampa.
‘at las.’
With simultaneous events impossible, Fermi had to choose between an apocalypse and a crusade.
He chose to attend the temple, but he did not go unprepared.
‘If you have a telebud, you can receive information in the shortest time.’
What Rampa demanded in exchange for magic was, of course, Apocalypse’s mining information.
Surprisingly, the transaction went smoothly.
Because Lampa was already over 100 years old, and he intended to put an outstanding disciple named Chong in the foreground.
‘Gold Bird is a real-time information communication system. It means that the Parrot Mercenary Corps has succeeded in mining.’
Any information is fine.
If we can detect changes, changes in the world, Arduino’s wide field of view will provide an answer.
“Shall we turn the temple over?”
With that thought in mind, when he touched the gold bird, the code was unlocked and the screen opened.
The information contained on the screen is
“Damn it!”
The chair fell with a bang and Fermi immediately left the locker room and ran down the hallway.
‘Inspirational!’
King Manolka of Kessia.
The first time I met him was when I lost to Shirone in the graduation exam and wandered around the world.
“What is the young fellow doing here?”
At the time, an old man approached Fermi, who was working in a remote coal mining town.
When Fermi, who had been warming himself by the coal fire, looked up, there was an old man who looked like a corpse.
“Are you dumb? This old man doesn’t ask me. What is a limbless young fellow doing here?”
“… … work.”
After a short answer, Fermi looked back at the coal fire and the old man sat down next to him.
“Where is it? Of course it is. But this coal mine isn’t very profitable. At any time, the ground could collapse and die. That’s why when the state’s prisoners do labor, or when there are people whose names cannot be revealed, just like you.”
Fermi stopped stirring the charcoal and asked
all.
“So what?”
“Chuck! eyes are still alive For those who want to die, Mekia Coal Mine is the best place. But after watching you for a few days, you seem a bit different.” The old man stared intently at Fermi.
“Has the world you knew changed at all? Have you lost someone important to you?”
“A long time ago.”
Yoga’s face came to mind.
“But it doesn’t matter, because I couldn’t keep it. It is natural for the weak to be deprived of something.” This time the old man was silent.
“By the way, what are you doing in rough terrain? Let’s watch the grandkids at home.”
“This mine is under my control. Shouldn’t we check how it goes back?”
It sounded otherwise.
“There is no heir. There are plenty of family members to feed, but I mean. I’m looking for people who can be of use to this kind of place from time to time.”
“Will you pass on the family business?”
“It’s okay. If you own a coal mine that has no value, you will be able to eat and live.”
‘A coal mine with no stall.’
Fermi, who pondered the true meaning of the words, shook his head as if it was useless.
“Get to know someone else.”
“Think carefully. it will be better than now You can get a pretty maid, and you can also eat meat side dishes.”
“Why me? Smart guys are all over the world. Anyone can hold on to it.”
“It is not wise to have a lot of knowledge. What’s the use of claiming what you know when no one’s listening? It would seem less ignorant to chop off someone’s head with an encyclopedia. Then I’ll beat you down.” Fermi was just listening.
“What should I do to convince my opponent? Not many people think like that. Because it’s a different level of difficulty from knowing something. It means to be patient and patient until you get the results you want. as soon as… …
The old man pointed his index finger.
“Like you.”
Silence passed.
“You didn’t give up, did you? Come to me if you intend to carry it through. It’s not a mine with a lot to dig, but you won’t lose.”
“… … After 3 days.”
Fermi rose from his seat.
“Let’s go to the royal castle. However, I have no intention of inheriting the throne. So if you want to sit on top of the world before you die, live as long as you can.”
Hearing footsteps receding, the old man looked down at the fire and raised the corner of his mouth.
“Did you just get caught?”
Well, it’s strange that you don’t know.
“The son of Yolgah.”
Ardino Fermini.

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 1150 - 12 o'clock, 12 stations (2).txt
===============================
12 o’clock, 12 stations (2)
Fermi did not give up.
‘It wouldn’t have been too late.’
Of all the regrets we experience in our lives, there aren’t many when it’s truly late.
While running through the Kessia sector, he encountered fewer than three people.
Everyone was soaked in angels.
In the time that slowed down as the speed increased, Fermi thought countless times.
Supported by Casey.
The crazy idea of concocting drugs was accepted without question by King Manolka.
It was clearly not a rational judgment, but a blind trust in Fermi.
“Sheesh!”
After a short time of less than one second, Fermi opened Manolka’s door.
” Inspiration… …
His gaze stopped hastily in front of the door and fixed on the old man sitting at the desk.
Was it once or twice that I was tricked by seeing him fall asleep, skinny like a corpse?
However, even the dripping blood with his head bowed was not likely to be a lie.
Trying to suppress the thought of being late, Fermi moved on to Manolka.
As I reached for his shoulder, Manolka flinched and raised her head.
“Huh!”
Fermi’s eyes widened.
“Old man!”
The first thing he did when he confirmed Manolka’s survival was recovery magic. As the warm light spread through the room, Manolka’s pained expression gradually calmed down.
“Don’t make a fuss. She only dozed off for a second.”
“song. I have a doctor friend.”
If you asked Seriel, you could get help from the World Health Organization.
Manolka shook her head.
“Don’t you know? This is not a physical disease. It’s a disease of the mind. There is no turning back.”
Just as Fermi was about to speak, Manolka squirted a bowl of blood again.
‘What is it?’
It was invisible to the naked eye, but the cool energy of the other world was felt to the bone.
“Fermi.”
Manolka laughed.
“We had quite a good time. I guess it’s time to stop That’s the way it is.”
“Don’t bullshit. This is an assassination.”
“Do what you want to do. Don’t get carried away by emotions. That’s really not like you.”
“What do you think of me? An emotionless machine? A drug lord who polluted the world with drugs?”
“A competent fellow.”
Fermi kept his mouth shut.
“Yeah, not a good guy. But if you live a long life like me, even bad boys look cute.”
” I am??????
Just as he was about to speak, Manolka’s hand pulled Fermi’s collar roughly.
“End the bad boy.” “End in bad boy. don’t be a devil There is nothing you can do until you throw yourself away.”
Manolka’s eyes were as intense as burning life.
“Bad boy or devil, what’s the difference?”
“… … Nothing different.”
After freeing Fermi’s collar, Manolka relaxed again and laughed.
“Are you a good guy? It seems like he’s trying desperately not to be seen.”
In front of Manolka’s dying eyes, Fermi gave up his refutation.
“I have to be on top of the world.”
“Atop… …
Manolka stared vaguely at the ceiling as if the place were real.
“I’m glad you are here.”
After those words, Manolka’s eyes closed and the last breath escaped from her lungs.
The King of Kessia is dead.
In the lonely room where no one entered, Fermi slowly stepped back.
‘Time was too tight.’
They could not immediately respond to the attack of the Kingdom of Paras and the change in the laws of the world.
‘Shirone is late. If only I had stayed in Apocalypse… …
Could mining be a little faster?
‘You’re short of manpower. Everything from conception to design is my responsibility. All drunk on drugs… …
Thanks to that, the expansion of Satanism was suppressed.
‘Angel should be used in moderation. I was told to do shift patrols every 2 hours. Why are you so stupid… …
Fermi stopped thinking.
‘stop.’
I can’t blame anyone but me.
‘Calm down, Fermi.’
Don’t whining, it’s a baby.
‘It’s not something I couldn’t do. If I had given up on sleeping, I would have been able to patrol.’
I think it is efficient to secure about 40 minutes of sleep every day to maintain brain function.
‘It’s a misjudgment. So it didn’t work. i’m incompetent Divide more time into collecting information, sorting, managing personnel, and understanding the situation… …
After the self-criticism, Fermi put the imaginary revolver to his head.
‘Pull.’
Click, click, click, every time he pulled the trigger, his anger cooled.
‘Let’s think.’
Because it is a primate.
‘What I can and cannot do. The first thing that can be done is to be done. Identify all the problems at hand, and solve them one by one… …
Angry, my head was spinning.
“Oh really.”
Fermi, who took out a cigarette and lit it, murmured as he let out a long puff of smoke.
It was a dirty curse.
In the shadowy alleys of the Jive Capital, the bell announcing midnight rang.
“Hmm. Sironera… …
Gustav 4th Awakening heard how the Wizard came to this place.
Even from the Wizard’s point of view, there was nothing to lose if he could get their help.
‘Kill Habits.’
Wizards when concentrating were more calm and calm than any other wizards.
thought Natasha.
‘It’s not like a child. When that child becomes an adult, will he become a wizard with this feeling?’
Even without hearing it, I could guess what the Wizard had to pay to create this spirit.
Balkan said.
“I understand now. At the moment of hostility, Satan runs out of the law. Therefore, in order to kill Havitz, a murder without intent must take place.”
Even <Slayer> failed, but Wizard was different.
“Shirone created a <Law Killing> that can be thought. that’s you But I was defeated by Satan, and now I can no longer treat Havitz in a pure state.”
“that’s right.”
It was the reason the Wizard couldn’t use his hands.
“With the slightest logical thought, Harvits escapes my cognition. The sound of my heart will still be unreadable, the original strategy needs to be modified.”
Vulcan rested his chin.
“Hmm. It’s a way to break through the vanishing. I do have one too… …
At that moment, the wizard activated the free god.
Before the 4th Gustav had time to react, she shouted as she glared forward.
“damage!”
The moment Vulcan looked back, the air around him felt as cold as sub-zero.
I don’t know what.
‘ what?’
However, the wizard, who had super-sensibility, sensed a cold aura that seemed to freeze the bones.
‘It’s an emotion beyond imagination.’
Blood-red screams, rancid rage, hearts torn to shreds.
“Cool!”
The moment a bowlful of blood poured out of Balkan’s mouth, Jetaro’s face turned white.
“Valkan!”
The body of the giant, forged in schema, collapsed with a thump, like a tree struck by an axe.
“Vulcan, wake up!” Natasha asked the Wizard.
“what?”
“I don’t know either. what kind of energy It’s not real, but it’s not even from the underworld… …
It was a terrible han standing on the border.
“Ouch! Kuck!”
Vulcan, who received Zetaro’s emergency resuscitation, came to his senses with a rough breath.
“Turn it off!”
However, the body that had already been hit by the flesh was rapidly deteriorating its functions.
“it’s okay. It’s okay now.”
Vulcan shook off his hand, but Zetaro grabbed it again and felt the pulse.
“Stay still. This… …
Zetaro’s expression gradually wrinkled as he tilted his head as if he was listening to the pulse.
‘Damn it.’
He was so strong that he could withstand it right now, but if he was a normal human, he would die immediately.
Vulcan was also feeling it.
“Something… … An attack has come.”
When Natasha glared at the wizard, revealing that she was going to kill her, Vulcan raised her hand.
“No, it’s not like that. There is nothing to be gained by that child killing me.”
Sumodo asked.
“Then who are you?”
“It must be someone from another country. The reason I had to be eliminated was because I was Gustav’s emperor. Something has infiltrated me. extreme anger… …
Vulcan coughed up blood again.
“It’s a kind of energy. If it’s long, it can last for a month, if it’s short, it can last for about a week or two.”
There was no reason to be sad, Natasha asked.
“Havitz?”
“Well, there’s no way you wouldn’t know about this type of attack. Anyway, that’s not what’s important.”
Vulcan spat blood on the floor and looked up at Wizard Judd.
“If you agree to join us, there is a way to kill Havitz.”
Wizard asked calmly.
“How?”
“game.”
Power entered Vulcan’s eyes.
“How to kill without intent to kill. It’s okay to create such a system. It’s kind of a game. The question is whether Harvitz will be interested, and you will be fine.”
he was sure
‘Havitz did not kill the wizard. no chaos It’s obviously emotional and logical.’
If so, you can poke.
“okay.”
Wizard said.
“Approaching with a system, not an emotion. It will definitely work, if it ends with a game. But this is not a game. You have to actually kill Havits.”
As much as the moment you take your last breath, you have no choice but to be emotional because it is not a game.
“don’t worry.”
Vulcan looked back at Zetaro and said.
“Because the experts in the game are on our side. I can definitely beat Habitz.”
A paradox that he could rather kill because he is a human who only wants Havitz’s pleasure.
“The moment we drive Havitz to the brink of death, we will surely face vanishing. But you can do it with Zeta. yes?” Zetaro just had a sad expression.
“And I… …
Vulcan said, tearing the corners of his mouth.
“I have never lost a game.”
“Are you insane?”
Upon hearing Havitz’s request, Uorin asked with an absurd expression.
“Are you sure you would do that?”
“It doesn’t matter. The flesh has already been shot. It is also the strongest age. Tomorrow the temple will be overturned.”
Harbitz looked at Uorin’s hardened expression.
“What is so serious? that’s what you wanted If you can’t control it, you’ll make a mess. Then the initiative will pass back to you.”
Of course it was true.
Also, from the moment Satan brought out the word of favor, the disaster was already predicted.
‘No, it’s much more logical than I was prepared for. even reasonable. It’s good if it’s good for Kashan, a strategy that won’t lose.’
The reason why I couldn’t readily accept it was because it was a problem related to Shirone.
Harvits said.
“don’t worry. Because this is just a game very fun game. There are other things I want to do.”
A Wizard who loves Shirone.
‘I want to meet you again.’
Even in the middle of a conversation with Uorin, Habitz couldn’t forget her for a moment.
‘Meet the Wizard… … So, we should meet once in a while. and… … huh?’
I suddenly realized.
‘I am……
what do you want to do with her?

=============XXXXX=============

