===============================
Chapter - 701 - Where Ra is (3) 1.txt
===============================
[701] Where Ra is (3)
The decision to go to the place where there are 19,000 worlds made Lian and Kido’s faces pale.
‘I don’t think I’ll ever look back.’
It was unpredictable how long it would take just to search a single world.
“Hmm, good judgment.”
Wu Lin said.
“Andre’s conquest difficulty can be said to be the worst among the three labyrinths. But if you… … .”
It is because it is the ruins of Guffin, and the Hexa designed by Guffin is Sirone.
“that’s right. I’m going to use the Ultima system. If Guffin did it, so can I. No matter which labyrinth you choose, if the probability of La Enemy being there is 1/3, I’ll bet on Andre.”
Woorin stood up.
“Okay, let’s start right away. Gando, put Ratusa on standby.”
“All right.”
When Gando left, Sirone asked.
“What is Ratusa?”
“Huh, I know when I see it myself. You can’t cross the desert in a wagon, can you?”
‘Hmm, is it a means of transport exclusive to the desert?’
Assuming that, I followed Uorin to the hallway, and a group of people occupied the corner of the street.
Sirone immediately realized their identity.
“Pungjang.”
The world’s strongest swordsmanship group that cut Bosun, Kazura’s head of magic, into pieces like porridge in an instant.
The fact that he only realized the existence of the uninvited guest after hearing Gando’s words was a testament to how secretly Uorin kept the meeting with Sirone.
However, the inside of the wind was not good, and the anger was transferred to Sirone and the others.
Lian looked at the 30 swordsmen wearing owl masks.
‘They’re windmills.’
As befits those who cut out Quan’s Achilles tendon, each prayer was unusual.
But what was really scary was the collective life, Gakshi, that all of them were spewing out at the same time.
‘Are we going to try it?’
An ordinary swordsman would lose his life the moment he was exposed to the gaze, but his teeth did not go in before the will of the divine transcendence.
‘I see, I’m not an ordinary uninvited guest.’
As Fengzhang unified his thoughts, the one standing at the head of the triangular formation took off the owl mask.
Lian, who checked the Asian woman’s face, was convinced.
‘That woman is the leader.’
had ghost eyes.
“Queen, why did you bring in strangers without even saying a word to us?”
She was the only one who dared to show her displeasure to the Empress of Kashan, but Uorin responded coldly.
“What are you talking about? Isn’t it your duty to protect me? What was I doing when I was surrounded by these people?”
“…….”
No one in the wind field moved, but a different level of energy shook.
Kido twisted his nose at the illusion that the surrounding scenery was distorted like oil on water.
‘As expected, this woman is a pervert.’
The leader of Fengzhang said quietly.
“I will not make any excuses. But, then, can we correct our mistake now?”
Rian, who felt murderous, blocked Sirone’s way, but Uorin shook her head resolutely.
“No, there is no chance. You are all fired.”
As the leader of Fengzhang, Wu Lin was difficult.
‘I don’t know. What the hell are you thinking?’
Then, Uorin hugged Kido from behind and hugged him by the neck.
“I don’t need incompetents like you. Because I already have such great bodyguards.”
“what?”
Sirone and Lian made absurd expressions, but Kido was the most ridiculous person in this place.
“What nonsense are you talking about? Why am I your bodyguard?”
“I have always wanted to raise a strange pet. I think putting it on a leash and putting it next to me would be much more comfortable than a penguin. I will raise you from today, so why don’t you stop traveling?”
“joy! Are you going to tame me like a human?”
“How is that? Since I became the king of the goblins, I am making this proposal. You say you like to crawl? good. Standing on two feet is forbidden from now on.”
Kido’s eyes narrowed coldly.
“… … Sirone, can I kill this woman?”
At the same time, the leader of Fengzhang drew his sword, and the remaining 29 people performed the same movement without any error.
“It would be better to cover up the words. If you lay your hands on the queen, I will make the creatures feel unimaginable pain.”
In the immediate situation, Uorin hugged Kido’s neck even more tightly and whispered.
“Kido, will you fight for me? don’t believe what they say i fired them They will try to kill me.”
‘This woman is completely crazy.’
Just as Kido raised his eyes viciously, Uorin laughed, baring her teeth, and kicked him in the butt.
“good! Wipe out those insignificant things, pet goblin!”
“Kido!”
At the same time as Sirone shouted, the wind chimes flew in, breaking through the display like smoke.
Uorin held his belly button and laughed, but all Kido could hear was the sound of the sword’s strong wind.
‘Damn it!’
It was clearly a human body, but the movement of the wind field was never human.
Avoiding the whirlwind of blades that swirled like a gale, Kido rolled on the floor and swung his spear.
‘This… … .’
The leader of Fengzhang sensed it even after seeing the momentary movement.
‘He has mastered the logic of the land.’
The movements of Fengjang, who follows the law of wind, and Kido, who follows the law of earth, are entangled in a small space.
The air rubbed as if on fire.
“Big!”
As Kido rolled his body out of the room, the people of the Fengjang spread out like a flock of crows and stood up behind Uorin.
“Empress, please order me to kill myself. I cannot bear the shame of losing my place to a mere goblin.”
Uorin’s smile disappeared before she knew it.
“What about your incompetence that even such a goblin couldn’t deal with?”
The leader of Poongjang bit his lip as if there was no excuse, but Kido had a different idea.
‘If only we had fought one more second… … .’
Perhaps he himself was cut into chunks of meat.
The leader of Poongjang, who could not grasp Uorin’s intentions at all, delivered in an earnest voice.
“Anything you say… … .”
“I hate to hear it. go far away Keep yourself in the most painful state for the next three days. pitiful things.”
The leader immediately bowed his head.
The most painful condition would be different for each person, but it was the most comfortable to give instructions like this.
“I will follow your orders.”
Sirone asked as Fengzhang, who floated gently, moved away as if the corridor was sucking it in.
“Uorin, why the hell… … ?”
Uorin, who had a cold face until then, suddenly puffed out her cheeks and burst into laughter.
“Ahahaha!”
Then he pointed at the dazed Kido and stomped his feet.
“Are you surprised? Are you really surprised? Look at that face.”
Kido, who was standing hunched over with a spear, trembled and shouted out loud.
“What are you doing, you crazy woman! You almost died!”
Sirone was also disappointed this time.
“Yes, Uorin. It was too bad. It’s not another prank, it’s a wind farm.”
“Hmm, the king of goblins.”
As Uorin approached, Kido jumped back.
“Still, it’s quite good. They are a group that belongs to the high ranks among the Fengzhang, but they can’t stand the match.”
‘Human, does that look like a sum?’
It would have been 1,000 sums.
“I was honestly worried because I didn’t really care about goblin information. But seeing it in person is reassuring. Take good care of Sirone. You shouldn’t hurt a single hair. Understand?”
“shut up! Why should I protect Sirone? I am traveling on my own volition!”
Sirone agreed with Kido’s words.
“that’s right. Kido is not like a pet. Doing tests like this just to confirm that.”
‘You don’t know, Sirone.’
How much Uorin, no Therase, no Mitochondria Eve, value Sirone.
“Sirone, is it possible that the day will come when we sleep in the same bed?”
Kido spat out without passing through his brain.
“What bullshit is this again?”
Although the words were harsh, Sirone’s feelings were similar.
“I don’t think that will happen. First of all, I have someone I love, and you are the empress of Kashan. world’s strongest… … .”
“Yes, I am a little noble. I just want to say, if it happened, it just happened.”
When Wu-Lin talked about life, it was always confusing.
“If I kiss you now, that means I kissed you. It’s an obvious fact. Words like impossible, impossible, etc. will lose their meaning.”
seemed to know what it was.
“I am biologically 16 years old and will grow older. Maybe it will turn into a body you want to love.”
I still thought it was beautiful.
“Of course it is difficult. do we sleep together Just thinking about it makes me feel strange. It would be more natural to imagine them fighting to kill each other.”
It was not impossible for the Queen of Kashan and the star of the Ivory Tower.
“But life is anything that can happen. Maybe one day I will be your bride, maybe even your daughter.”
A moment of silence ensued.
“I know what you mean. I’ll keep it.”
Only Uorin should have known why she had brought up the words in this space at this moment.
‘Don’t worry, Amy.’
Satisfied with what Shirone had put in her heart, Uorin left the hallway with a bright expression on her face again.
“Well then, shall we go?”
They climbed the spiers of Aganos.
Zookeepers were waiting at the watchtower overlooking the capital city.
“Oh, what about that?”
Sirone pointed to a huge, hairless, monstrous bird crouching at the edge of the watchtower.
“Are you Kaidra?”
A tier 3 high-flying creature summoned by Zulu the other day, it could fly 7,000 kilometers a day.
“No way, is it summoning magic?”
“No, I just raised them. My name is Ratusa. Sometimes I ride when I want to get some fresh air.”
“…….”
Uorin’s power could be guessed just by capturing and taming the summons of the archmage, which could only be realized through the boss.
“It’s quite a long way to Andre. But Ratusa should be able to arrive by tomorrow afternoon.”
“Whoa, tomorrow afternoon?”
“I have been trained since I was born, so I can sense human feelings well. It won’t be too difficult.”
As Uorin approached, who had taught him a few things about crossing the desert, Ratusa rubbed her beak against her cheek.
“Damn it, the sky isn’t very nice.”
Uorin looked back at Kido who grumbled and took out a bag of gold coins from his chest.
“take it. There will be times when you will need it.”
Before Sirone could speak, Kido snatched it up.
“Kick-kick, our queen has a sense. I’ll ignore the joke you made earlier about pets.”
“what? Aren’t you kidding?”
Uorin pretended to hold the string and laughed.
“Leash, I’ll buy the best one and keep it.”
“Because this looks really cute… … .”
When Kido approaches with a serious expression.
“I hear it’s called the Kiddo of Eating.”
“huh?”
“perhaps… … I don’t know if you can give me my blood.”
It was only then that Kido realized that something was wrong and blinked in thought.
“Kido, what are you doing? Come on.”
“Oh, okay.”
When Kido finally got on board, Sirone grabbed Kaidra’s reins and turned to Uorin.
“thank you. Thanks for saving time. I will pay you back someday.”
Armand, the debt repayment of the moratorium, and even today’s situation, she received so much.
“Careful, Sirone. The world is wide, and the desert of Kashan is even wider.”
After reciting Uorin’s words, Sirone nodded and pulled Kaidra’s reins.
“Let’s go, Ratusa!”
Raising her beak vertically, Kaidra raised her huge body and flew off the watchtower.
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
The shadow trapped in the sun moved away little by little.
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 702 - God of the Desert (1).txt
===============================
[702] Desert God (1)
“Hey, isn’t that really fun?”
Clinging to Kydra’s sharp claws, Kiddo watched with interest the splendor of the city spread out a kilometer below.
“The height also falls off. You are afraid of the sky.”
“Gigkick, I just want you to accept it.”
Everything was a new experience for Kido, but Sirone’s eyes were closed.
“Kido, I want to sleep. Come up now.”
Kido rode Kaidra’s body with more skill than a rock climber.
“Are you going to sleep already?”
“Because I have to fly all day. It’s not much fun to watch now. Sleep a little bit.”
As Sirone snuggled under Kaidra’s spine, Kido took the c*ckpit where Sirone had been sitting.
“where… … .”
Covering the sun with the back of his hand, his eyes caught the breath of the scenery that stretched out to the end of the horizon.
“The world is really big.”
I wanted to go to the end of the earth someday.
When Sirone woke up from his nap, Kido was still sitting in the c*ckpit watching the scenery.
“Are you still watching?”
“Just what. When are we going to see this?”
While Rian stretched and stood up, Sirone crawled along the backbone of the Koopa Koopa.
“Where are you?”
“The city is out. I can only see the desert from 30 minutes ago.”
It was the largest Akkadian desert in the world.
“Look over there. a person.”
A procession of about 200 people was quickly crossing the desert hills.
As the quick-witted Ratusa lowered the altitude, he saw merchants wearing black clothes and turbans.
“It’s a desert, but it’s really fast. What are you riding?”
It was a furry animal, with unusually long legs, and showed no signs of getting tired from climbing the hill.
“It’s an animal called Baltan. They are specialized in the desert environment, so they say they can survive for seven days without drinking water.”
“However, can I ride that across the desert?”
“There are many tribes in the Akkadian Desert. Of course you know where the oasis is.”
The merchants who discovered Kaidra looked up at the sky in unison and drew crescent-shaped swords.
“be careful! It’s a monster!”
There were often cases when Kaidra, flying in the desert, couldn’t stand the hunger and attacked tribes in the desert.
“hurry! Run faster!”
As more than 200 bullets accelerated at the same time, a huge cloud of sand and dust rose.
Kido tilted his head.
“Why are you so upset?”
“They must have been frightened when they saw us. Let’s go upstairs.”
As long as they weren’t the equivalent of a great wizard, Kaidra was a terrifying Tier 3 monster.
“I can’t! Attack!”
The desperate merchants fired arrows, but they fell short of Caedra and fell in a parabolic arc.
“What? attacking us?”
Kido stood up and pulled Ratusa’s reins.
“What are you going to do? Let’s just go up.”
“Did you see the goblins just go? They threw a punch, so we have to show our skills.”
“You can’t even get it right anyway.”
“don’t worry. Because I want to play a little bit. Let’s go, Ratusa! Show us how fast we are!”
Kido gave the order, but ground work was just a nuisance to a rogue bird flying 7,000 kilometers a day.
“hey! move! Are you saying you won’t listen to me?”
At that moment, a good idea popped into Kido’s head.
“aha! Are you afraid of being hit by an arrow?”
Caydra’s eyes tightened.
“Hehe, you said you were a freak, but in fact you were a coward. After all, it’s just a fast bird, right?”
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
Ratusa let out a groan and fell vertically, gliding quickly over the sea of sand.
Frightened merchants raised their arrows at the same time.
“come! Crush!”
The wizards’ ice dagger magic was mixed in between the arrows, but they couldn’t even scratch Kaidra’s body.
“Kido! Slow down a little bit!”
When I saw the speed of the ground flow, I finally felt how fast Caydra was.
“Aww! damage!”
As Kydra gained altitude just before impact, merchants were covered in sand and dust.
“Two! Wow! Shit! What the hell is it?”
Kido held out a fistful of potatoes to the merchants, who were looking up at the sky with expressions that didn’t make sense.
“Puhahaha! how is it? Be careful next time!”
Sirone sighed and said.
“I’ve been curious about it for a long time, but why do goblins like to bully others so much?”
“Kick-kick-kick! Of course it’s because it’s fun. Goblins don’t live as complicatedly as humans. Dying isn’t that serious. So, is it okay for others to suffer a little?”
“But you understand humans.”
“Of course it is. But, if you don’t feel serious, you can’t help it.”
Kido shrugged.
“You never know, the day will come when you will have a human heart if you eat more humans.”
It was the most unhumane thing I had ever heard.
After flying for another two hours, Sirone stroked his hungry stomach and said.
“hungry. Let’s go down and eat something.”
You can eat food while flying, but your stomach hurts after flying for a long time.
“Latusa, let’s take a break over there.”
Pointing at an oasis four kilometers away, Kaidra circled wide, scanning for danger.
‘You’ve been properly trained.’
Arriving at the wasteland and moving to find some shade, the half-destroyed wagon collapsed behind a cactus.
“what?”
It seemed to have been abandoned for a long time.
Lian, who had approached indifferently, pulled up the tent in the luggage compartment and inspected the inside.
“… … Sirone, I think you should come and see for a while.”
A body that looked like it had been dead for a long time was lying with its neck bent in the luggage compartment.
Kido looked at the other side of the carriage and said.
“There are people here too. He died, of course.”
It was the corpse of a woman who had fallen leaning against the carriage, and the corpse of a girl lying on the corpse’s knee.
When I turned the girl’s almost skeletal jaw the other way, her face fell with a click.
Surprised, Kido examined the woman’s body this time.
“Hmm.”
I tore off the remaining flesh from the skull and put it in my mouth.
“Two. Twi.”
It was not in good condition to eat.
After rummaging through his pockets, he took out a coin pouch, opened the mouthpiece, and robbed it, and two coins fell out.
“… … .”
After looking at it for a while, I secretly put it in my back pocket, but Sirone approached me and said.
“how is it? Did you find anything?”
“not really. No flesh, no money, two fairy tales.”
When a corpse was found, the meaning of search for humans and goblins was completely different.
“I found the note in the carriage.”
As Sirone opened the note, Rian and Kido approached from both sides and poked their heads out.
The letters were in the Kashan language and looked like diaries.
“Rian, can you read it?”
Most nobles tend to learn one of the languages of Kashan, Gustav, and Jincheon, which belong to the Three Emperors, as a liberal arts.
“I can have a normal conversation, but I don’t know the letters.”
“okay? I’ve heard that in Tormia, most of them choose Kashan for their education.”
“I did too.”
“… … .”
It was a time when the ultimate sense was needed.
“I will decipher it. therefore… … .”
When I opened the Ultima system, the approximate feelings contained in the letters were conveyed to my head.
“Looks like a family on the run from a tribal war. I don’t know the exact date, but it says my daughter got heatstroke.”
“It’s a common disease in the desert. But since you are a desert tribe, you must have at least some antipyretic medicine.”
“I don’t know. Didn’t you get it because you were running away?”
Lian looked at the wagon again.
“There is no sign of being attacked. Is it really heatstroke?”
“It says something like this.”
Sirone pointed to the last page.
“The god of the desert comes swallowing nothingness.”
Kido opened his mouth blankly.
“What are you talking about? Did you die in vain?”
“It could be suicide.”
Sirone nodded at Rian’s words.
“It bothers me that the corpses of mother and daughter are side by side. The husband went crazy, or the aftereffects of heatstroke… … .”
Kido’s head twisted toward the outside of the oasis.
“Sirone, something is coming.”
It was a fact he could feel because he had mastered the laws of the land, and then Caydra rose to his feet with hostile gestures.
“A lot! Is it very fast?”
At the same time as Kido finished speaking, the sand began to stir like a mirage on the other side of the desert, and a group of King Scorpions appeared that took over the entire field of view.
“Aww! What is that!”
Just seeing the two-meter-long desert-colored scorpions swarming around made my heart stop.
“It’s not targeting us. That’s a big move. Where did the earthquake happen?”
Kiddo turned to Kaidra.
“Does it matter? Let’s get up quickly!”
“no! We have to stop here!”
“why!”
Sirone said with a serious expression.
“If we go on like this, we may collide with the merchants.”
Given the size of the movement, the probability that the merchants could not avoid the scorpion swarm was quite high.
“damn!”
Kido held a spear and approached Sirone.
“So you want to get rid of all of that? Are there that many?”
“That’s right, Kido.”
Sirone kicked the ground and jumped out.
“Humans are complicated.”
As Rian followed Sirone, Kido, who had been watching blankly, jumped forward as if crawling.
“Eh, I don’t know!”
In an instant, he slipped between the two and crouched down as he dove into the crowd of King Scorpions.
“I earn money for meat!”
2 hours later.
The corpses of over a thousand King Scorpions covered the oasis with their ugly faces.
“woah! woah!”
When Sirone and his party left after the battle, a band of 40 bandits stopped Omek.
If Baltan is a desert horse, Omek is a desert hyena with long mane hair, a wolf-like face, and sharp fangs.
It has the disadvantage of being difficult to procure food because it is carnivorous, but mobility was not comparable to Baltan.
“… … Did even a warrior descend?”
The Magan thieves have recently been famous as the most powerful thieves in the Akkadian Desert, but even with their eyes, the current spectacle was not normal.
“Vice-captain, the fact that the King Scorpion is moving north… … .”
“okay. Northcarta is coming.”
God of the desert, Noscarta.
Due to the geographical characteristics of the Akkadian Desert, which is connected to the north and south of the equator, the difference in air pressure due to temperature change is enormous.
Northcarta is the name of an extremely rare equatorial wind, a desert tidal wave accompanied by a massive sandstorm.
“There are no traces of movement left in the northern dunes. I think he went south.”
“You are crazy. Vanguard is the only place we can get to before the desert god comes.”
That King Scorpion had come this far meant that Northcarta had already crossed the equator.
“Is there anything to worry about? We also move north quickly.”
Saying that, the subordinate turned around, but the vice-captain spotted someone riding an omech and running fast.
“It’s the captain! Everyone stand up!”
While everyone who was examining the King Scorpion’s corpse waited with a stiff expression, the leader’s Omek stopped.
“Captain.”
A woman who had joined the thieves a month ago and pushed out the vice-captain in just an hour to become the leader.
No one objected.
Because if it wasn’t for her, I wouldn’t have been able to even dream of ruling this vast Akkadian desert.
– Not human. It is a beast. No, he is the beast god.
It was the resignation speech of the vice-captain who knelt at the blow of the then-captain.
“… … Someone came.”
It was surprising that she, having reached the limit of her animalistic senses, dared to use language.
“yes. I think I got it all done in a short amount of time.”
As the leader, who got off at Omek, approached with a bakdo over his shoulder, the wet soil was revealed through the frayed clothes.
Although it was a group of thieves who couldn’t use their legs when it came to women, no one dared to look at her body.
“It smells like a yaksha.”
Bak-nyeo, 9th in the Order of the Ten Commandments.
He was currently carrying out some kind of mission by leading the Magan bandits under the command of Ra Enemy.
“Even two of them.”
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 703 - God of the Desert (2).txt
===============================
[703] Desert God (2)
“Yaksha… … did you say?”
There was no way that the Maga bandits didn’t know about the yaksha, the people who only gathered S-class criminals in the empire.
‘It won’t even reach the captain’s toes anyway.’
Incarnation was not a military force, but a standard of a realm, and the level of the same yaksha was very different.
As Bak-nyeo loosened her faded five-colored turban, her ominously black hair flowed like a mane.
Wiping the sweat from her chest with a turban, she carefully inspected the King Scorpion’s corpse.
The shredded corpses of scorpions were strewn about the area where the pits had dug as if a meteorite had fallen.
In some places it was neatly cut in two; in others it was cut into small pieces, as if ground up.
“One half. Two Yasha.”
Judging by the combination, it must have been the party she was looking for.
“Where did you go?”
Even though I was puzzled by the leader who talked a lot today, the vice-captain told the truth as he knew it.
“It seems to have gone south.”
“What’s in the South?”
“Vanguard… … It is the largest oasis in the area. It is a place where merchants use it as an intermediate base before moving on to the Kingdom of Paras. Security is tight.”
Baknyeo passed the turban to the vice-captain and got on the omech.
“ah… … .”
The deceptive smell made the vice-captain desperately suppress the desire to bury his face in the turban.
‘Calm down. not a woman She’s just a beast.’
Until it rains, she doesn’t wash herself, and of course I’ve never seen her wear underwear.
All he had was a pair of clothes that were no different from rags, and when he urinated while walking around, he couldn’t help but panic.
I’ve never felt so beautiful
But why does my heart become as hot as if it were on fire when I was near her?
Baknyeo gave the instructions.
“Vanguard. We go south.”
The members’ eyes widened.
“Are you sure you want to pursue it? Now the desert god is approaching.”
Bak-nyeo, the king of beasts, felt the difference in the temperament of the wind.
“They already left a few hours ago. It’s already too late. You won’t be able to make it on time.”
“You just have to run fast.”
Isn’t it because it’s impossible to run that fast?
“There is no problem going.”
The vice-captain wanted to make Park Nyeo’s wish come true.
“But what are you going to do now? The business of removing altars.”
“You can do it later.”
It was a solution that only Park Nyeo could suggest.
“… … All right.”
The vice-captain aboard the omech shouted to the members.
“From now on, run at full speed! The destination is Vanguard!”
‘it’s crazy. I’m going to kill them all.’
Park Nyeo and a band of 40 bandits set out for the south.
* * *
As night fell, the temperature dropped rapidly, and it was to the point that even flying in the sky would freeze your body.
“Ugh, it’s cold. I have a problem with this.”
I finally understood Uorin’s words that we must arrive at Vanguard before sunset.
“Be patient. I see an oasis over there.”
A huge oasis like a lake reflected the moon in the sky, and a commercial complex was formed next to it.
‘That’s Vanguard.’
An apartment complex consisting of three buildings formed its own outer wall, and numerous stalls were visible in the vacant lot inside.
said Ryan.
“That’s a fortress. The building is steel and the windows are double glazed. Do you really need to build it like that?”
“Definitely strange. Besides, you know what? People are often seen after the sun has gone down.”
Numerous merchants, unknown where they had been hiding until now, were quickly gathering in Vanguard.
“Right. Like people who are being chased.”
Kido laughed.
“Kick Kick! What are you worried about? Uorin told me to go. That woman, although she may be a jerk, she knows the right way.”
It was an oxymoron, but it was strangely understandable.
“We fought like crazy during the day, so let’s definitely rest when we rest. Because I got a lot of money.”
As Kaidra approached, the merchants gathered in the vanguard all looked up at the sky and shouted.
“hey! Look over there!”
Baltan was frightened by the appearance of a terrifying rogue bird, and sirens sounded from the watchtower of the vanguard.
“monster! A monster has appeared!”
Then someone pointed at Sirone.
“for a moment! There are people!”
Kaidra, who had Uorin as her owner, seemed to be familiar with this situation and settled in the closest place.
“What are you going to do with Ratusa? Even if you take them to a stable or something, they’ll all be food for one meal.”
“I said that Uorin didn’t need special care. He says if you set him free, he will get his own food.”
Sirone, who had jumped off Kaidra, stopped moving and looked straight ahead with a firm expression.
Numerous merchants were watching Sirone and the others.
“uh… … hello?”
They greeted each other in the common language of the continent, but the merchants, who could spend their entire lives in the Kashan language alone, did not understand.
“Aren’t you Middle Eastern? What is that creepy green face?”
“It must have been poisoned by the poison of the desert. Tsk tsk, I’m sorry. That’s how it’s not good to get married.”
Kido had never eaten Middle Eastern people, but he understood them only with their gazes and tongue clicks.
“These are real! I’m a goblin! He has the most handsome face among goblins!”
The sound of clicking the tongue got louder.
“Where do you guys come from?”
Sirone answered the elderly merchant’s question.
“Lian, tell me. We are not merchants, and that monster is my pet. Introduce me as a wizard.”
That should have been enough to convince him.
As Lian traced his memory and conveyed the rumors, a stir arose among the merchants.
“Wizard? Aren’t you a great wizard enough to play a monster like that?”
“then… … .”
Everyone’s eyes changed.
‘Wizards have a lot of money.’
As soon as the thoughts were over, all the merchants rushed around Sirone.
“what! What are these people doing!”
If a fight breaks out between merchants, business is closed on that day, so soliciting guests is absolutely prohibited inside Vanguard.
But outside the vanguard, the person who bites Hogu is the owner.
Especially for a wizard who summons a monster, buying all of their stuff wasn’t even a chore.
“here! buy my stuff! It’s a special product! Quality is guaranteed!”
“I have to tell you something!”
Numerous words have been passed down through the Ultima system.
“Buy mine! Buy it quickly! Before I kill you!”
‘If you’re going to kill me, why are you doing business?’
As the skeletal-thin man held out what looked like a clod of black earth, a foul smell hit it.
“You were looking for this? It is a medicine that makes you immortal.”
“Immortal?”
“If you mix a spoonful with water and drink it, you will never die until the next morning. You can have a great night.”
“I’m not buying it! I’m not buying anything!”
“Alone is enough! Don’t you know the saying, don’t let your left hand know what your right hand is doing?”
Sirone cried out.
“Rian! I can’t understand a word of what you’re saying!”
At the same time, Lian grabbed Sirone and jumped over people.
Kido with crooked glasses was waiting with a bewildered expression, and when Sirone arrived, he turned around at the same time.
“run! Get inside!”
As I passed through the front gate of Vanguard, I heard the faint sound of Kaidra flying in the sky.
“wow! really amazing! It’s a complete sellout.”
As Sirone got on his knees to catch his breath, he heard a woman’s laughter.
“Ho-ho-ho! of course. Because this is the middle of the desert ruled by nothingness. I cannot bear it with my sane mind.”
It was a plump, fat middle-aged woman in her 40s, escorted by two subordinates equipped with swords on her left and right.
Her lips were blood red, powdered enough to make her dark skin look white.
She was carrying a Middle Eastern fan, and her corset was tightly tucked under a see-through dress.
“you are… … ?”
The woman passed the fan behind her and said hello.
“My name is Momodo, the 32nd manager of Vanguard. I heard you’re a wizard, is that true?”
“yes.”
Ryan didn’t even need to translate.
“Forget about the fuss outside, and please spend a fortune at Vanguard. Tonight is going to be quite long.”
“What does that mean?”
This time, Lian interpreted.
“Soon the god of the desert will attack this place.”
“God of the desert?”
These are the words I saw in the dead man’s diary.
“The god of the desert is the equatorial wind created by the special environment of the North Carta and Akkad deserts. A huge sandstorm sweeps everything away.”
“If it’s such a great sandstorm, how is this place still safe?”
Momodo pointed to a huge mechanism installed between the U-shaped apartments.
“It’s a distribution device. Even in a sandstorm, they scoop it up right away. Luna, an oasis that never dries up, and this distributing device are the pride of Vanguard.”
It was the only resting place in the central desert.
‘Hmm, then the great movement of the King Scorpion… … .’
How on earth is it such a great sandstorm that monsters over 2 meters in length run away in droves?
“Vanguard is safe. So spend your money! Enjoy! Even the gods of the desert will not be able to stop your extravagance.”
As Momodo blew up Vanguard’s promotional message and disappeared, Sirone and the others looked around at the colorfully decorated market.
“Since you’re so confident, let’s be comfortable. At least you won’t be buried in the desert, right?”
If a desert storm came, they would have no choice but to be stranded for a while.
“Is that so? Let’s fill the stomach first. You didn’t eat anything while fighting the King Scorpion.”
Sirone and the others’ choice was grilled salamander on a skewer.
It was disgusting to see, but Kido’s theory was that when you come to a new place, you should taste the specialties of the new area.
I bought a meaningless souvenir and took a special cream that prevents skin from being damaged by the sun.
“It’s fun, it’s a trip. Where shall we go now?”
“How is it over there?”
At the place Sirone pointed to, tents of various colors were lined up along the road.
“It’s an astrology shop. I heard that the tribes of the Akkadian desert are good at astrology.”
“Aha, you mean foretelling the future?”
Kido, who blinked, snorted.
“I don’t believe in that. Even if you think of it as a simple statistic, it’s a lot, right? Have all the prophets of the world gathered here?”
“haha! It doesn’t.”
Sirone’s thoughts were the same, but it was also true that he was interested as a prajna who had realized the law.
“There are very few astrologers in the world who have realized the true law. Let’s pretend to be cheated though. Because these are also memories.”
Each tent had a long line of people.
‘Well, this place is a desert.’
For those who survive in a land where death reigns, it is natural for them to feel great anxiety about the future.
“It’s popular. Do you think we will have to wait a long time?”
“That tent has no strings.”
It was a tent with crystal ball flags fluttering, and surprisingly, there was not a single person waiting.
Kido said with a suspicious look.
“Normally, a place like that would be really incompetent.”
“How are you? I don’t even believe it anyway It’s fun to hear from other people’s mouths about what we’ll be like later.”
Since I decided to take a break, I wanted to try various things.
“Kick Kick! I will become the ruler of the world.”
After finding the astrology shop, Sirone tilted the tent from side to side and went inside.
“excuse me. what?”
A girl about her age was sleeping with her head thrown back, even with her face covering on the table.
I was watching him drooling and not wanting to get up, but Kido came in after me and said,
“Because there are reasons for ruin.”
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 704 - God of the Desert (3).txt
===============================
[704] Desert God (3)
Sirone stared at the girl’s face.
‘You’re not from the Middle East, are you?’
Judging by the crystal ball on the table, it was evidently an astrologer, but he was white and had blonde hair.
“I understand why there are no guests.”
Sirone sat down in a chair and said.
“Because the Akkadian Desert is the source of astrology. If you are not from the Middle East, you will not be trusted.”
Her courage in deciding to pitch a tent at Vanguard was immortal.
“Then why don’t you get up even though you sit down and talk like this? They tell me to dream of making a lot of money.”
The lack of trust was the same for Sirone, but since they were from the same country, the spirit of sympathy worked.
“I’ll just see you here. Maybe you are good at it, but you are discriminated against because of your race.”
Sirone cleared his throat as Kido and Lian brought chairs and sat down on either side.
“Hey, I’m a guest.”
A soft snoring sound replaced the answer.
“hey! A guest has arrived!”
When Kido banged on the table, she trembled as if she had been electrocuted, and opened her mouth.
“sun… … .”
“sun?”
“Seafood Pasta?”
It was a continental language.
Not yet awake, she looked at Sirone and the others, then hurriedly came to her senses and corrected her posture.
“oh! welcome!”
Sirone said as he hurriedly put on the face covering spread across the table.
“Take it slow. I’ve already seen your face.”
“Ho-ho-ho! sorry. I haven’t been able to sleep all day. Originally, an astrologer shouldn’t show his face.”
Personality seemed good.
“Come to think of it, you use the common language of the continent. Where are you from?”
“It’s Tormia.”
“nice to meet you. I am from the Merhen Kingdom.”
It was Chagall’s hometown in a country attached under the Mediterranean Sea.
“Since I was young, I have been interested in astrology, so I studied abroad in Kashan. I studied with Mr. Rosie.”
It was a name I had never heard of.
“Because he told me not to come back until I earned 10,000 gold in Vanguard. It is a kind of training.”
“How much do you get paid for fortune-telling?”
The girl stuck out her tongue.
“Two gold. I earned 360 gold in two months.”
Compared to the city, it was a decent income, but the environment of living in the desert also had to be considered.
“Maybe, I might not be able to leave.”
“Huh, it’s okay. Customers line up when word of mouth spreads. At that time, 10,000 gold is just right.”
“Wearing a face covering will help.”
Understanding Sirone’s meaning, she laughed.
“There is a part of that. But there are also customers who come for fun. Of course, now the footsteps are cut off.”
the girl sighed.
“Because I’m a bit lacking in resourcefulness. Customers like it when you give a hopeful interpretation, but when you immerse yourself in it, you get so emotional that words come out without your knowledge. That’s probably why Rosie asked me to work at Vanguard, too.”
Anyone who has formally studied astrology would have expected it.
“Then, who should I tell you about?”
Sirone handed over 2 gold and said.
“I’ll do it first. They say astrologers can foresee the future.”
Isn’t this the beauty of astrology?
“Sure. That’s my job.”
The girl adjusted the pedestal of the crystal ball so that Sirone’s face could be seen through it, and put both hands on it.
“Then let’s begin.”
In the way he stared fiercely at the crystal ball, I couldn’t find the slightest bit of sloppy tricks from a while ago.
“Is the future reflected in the crystal ball?”
“no. It’s a feeling. When you concentrate, your face disappears like a wave and conveys a special type of emotion.”
After watching for a while, she tilted her head.
“Um, that’s strange. Why can’t I feel anything? This is my first time ever.”
I thought it might be a scam.
“what? Now I feel… … .”
She stopped talking abruptly, stared intently at the crystal ball, and trembled as if in shock.
“Ah, ah.”
Even after the wisdom was over, she had been in a daze for a long time, and she threw off her face covering and said.
“I’m sorry, but I think there are futures in the world that you don’t have to know about.”
Every time I said I wasn’t resourceful, it was quite plausible.
“haha! are you okay. Just tell me the truth. I will never be angry.”
“But it’s not on that level. This… … .”
Biting her lips and contemplating, she began to convey her wisdom as if she had made a decision.
“great. You are in great despair for the future.”
it’s despair
“It’s a dark place where you can’t know anything and can’t do anything. That is all the future I saw in you.”
It was at the level of curse words, not foreknowledge.
“A great enemy will ensnare you. Then finally… … I will strangle myself to death.”
“what? You say Sirone strangles her?”
Not only the person concerned, but also Lian, who was listening, was dumbfounded.
If you die fighting, you die, but the person who was the farthest from suicide was Sirone.
“sorry. But I have nothing to say.”
‘Is that all?’
It was true that he was not resourceful.
“Kick-kick-kick! What an amazing future!”
In line with Kido’s laughter, Sirone also raised the corner of his mouth, but to be honest, his legs were a little wobbly.
Ryan came out.
“Would you like to see what my future holds?”
When Lian put 2 gold on it, the girl shook her head left and right, trying to control her feelings from earlier.
‘Sigh, but? I’m in really good shape today.’
so i was anxious
“let’s begin.”
Her eyes calmed down, and the blood drained from her face after staring at the crystal ball for over a minute.
“Oh, this can’t be… … .”
Ryan frowned.
“why? what else?”
“You will suffer endless pain. You will struggle, but you will never get out.”
“Hmm, that’s fine. So what happens?”
“nothing. Just pain, endless pain. Eventually, they die in the most horrific condition.”
It seemed that he was impatient to write harsh words.
“I… … die?”
I thought that one day I might not be able to hear Smille’s hallucinations, but honestly, it was hard to believe.
“Puhahaha! Is it creepy? Now, is it my turn this time?”
Kido scatters the gold coins he received from Uorin.
“Look at me too. How will I die?”
Taking a deep breath and calming herself down, the girl peered at Kido’s face reflected in the crystal ball.
Just like that, about 5 minutes passed.
Kido yawned and banged on the table, but the girl still did not move.
“Hey, what are you doing? A goblin’s end is to make up… … .”
The girl’s face moved slowly.
“Why, why?”
Tears trickled down from one of her eyes as she looked at Kido with huge pity.
“Ayy! what are you doing? Why are you crying!”
“you are… … .”
The girl squeezed out her weeping voice and said.
“I love you so heartbreakingly.”
“love? What do goblins love?”
Goblins were a fun race.
“A love that tears the heart apart. so it dries up It twists and rots. Still, you can’t give up… … .”
The girl was speechless and covered her face.
“Is this crazy! That I die for just that? And if you’re sick, I’m sick, why are you crying and fussing?”
that was more ominous.
The girl who had been pouring out tears with her shoulders trembling suddenly came to her senses and lowered her hand.
“Oh, sorry. I must be crazy.”
She slapped her cheek and said with tears in her eyes.
“I really can’t? Am I not talented?”
“… … .”
I didn’t even know how to respond.
“Ah, this! Get ruined! is that astrology? If it’s double desire, I can do it too!”
Kido, who left the tent, shouted so that the girl inside could hear him.
“stop. business must be suspended. don’t take it too seriously Honestly, what could be like a happy death?”
“Hey, who is afraid of dying? That’s because it’s ridiculous. Are you saying you’re going to strangle yourself to death? How many people commit suicide like that?”
Sirone was also disturbed.
“it’s okay. let’s forget everything Where do you want to go and have a drink? When you wake up, you won’t be thinking about anything.”
Sometimes, Lian’s simple solution was needed, and Kido strongly agreed.
“okay! Let’s order the strongest drink!”
The place I entered was a bar on the first floor of an apartment building.
Dizzy music was heard, and dozens of dancers with their faces covered were dancing on the podium.
“Expensive and delicious! The most poisonous drink! hurry!”
Lian translated Kido’s words, and after a while, a delectable feast was prepared to the point that the table collapsed in front of him.
“Okay, snacks are complete. Let’s forget it!”
Kido drank the poison as if to wipe his brain with alcohol, and Sirone and Lian also drank too much today.
“I’m a cheater, a cheater!”
Kido knocked the glass down.
“It’s just that he’s talking about himself in his own excitement. It feels like yeji. Anyway, what is the delusion of humans?”
There was no possibility of that.
“Hey, you guys. Did you see Clarisse before?”
A drunken man at the next table pretended to know.
“Clarice?”
“The astrologer who predicts with a crystal ball.”
“yes. But why?”
When Lian interpreted Sirone’s words, the drunkard burst into laughter.
“Puhahaha! That’s why it was a shit-chewed face! Known for being vicious in Vanguard. No one believes her foreknowledge. So never mind.”
“I really love this woman!”
The drunken man raised his hand to stop Kido.
“It’s best to just forget about it. Come to think of it, I’m drinking a good drink. I’ll give you a drink too.”
As Sirone poured a drink, the drunkard hinted.
“Forget everything and have fun. You seem to have a lot of money, so give the dancers a tip. You will be able to see a great dance.”
“If it’s money, it’s overflowing!”
As Kido stuck his hand into the gold coin pocket, Sirone said worriedly.
“Height is not good for emotional consumption.”
“How are you? I’m going to dry up and die anyway. let’s have fun Suicide reservations should watch.”
The gold coins Kido sprinkled rolled around the platform.
“Okay, take it! Let’s have fun today!”
The dancers who picked up the gold coins rushed over and bowed to Kido.
Applause from the drunkards exploded, and the dancers’ clothes gently flowed down the floor.
When the dancers, who only covered their faces, took a pose that made them feel hot, Kido laughed with his tongue hanging out.
“Khehehe! Was it like this? hey you guys… … .”
When Kido turned around, Sirone and Lian were frozen, unaware of the liquor leaking out of their mouths.
“What is that reaction? Is this your first time seeing you?”
It was the first time in my life, and it was really strange.
‘You’re completely different from men.’
“Anyway, let’s be gentle. Where would you like to travel with this?”
Sirone wiped his drink and averted his gaze.
“Who, who is the first? It’s because this is unfamiliar.”
It’s normal to see a woman’s body on a life-and-death battlefield, but it was nothing compared to the current shock.
“Ho-ho-ho! Today is also great!”
Momodo, who watched from a distance as the alcohol was being sold, covered her mouth with a fan and burst into laughter.
Selling pleasure in the middle of futility.
That was the significance of Vanguard’s existence.
“Sir, Northcarta is coming in an hour.”
“As of this time, we are closing Vanguard. Activate the drainage system and drain Luna. Don’t forget to block the source flow underground.”
A soldier from the watchtower came down the ladder.
“Manager! About 40 people are coming down fast from the north. It will take about 10 minutes.”
“You’re late. Lucky for you. Please let me in.”
“however… … It is not an idea.”
“Not a merchant?”
“Looking at the flag, it looks like the Magan bandits.”
Momodo’s eyes grew cold.
“Hoo?”
Recently, it was the most famous bandit in the Central Desert of Akkad.
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 705 - God of the Desert (4).txt
===============================
[705] Desert God (4)
* * *
Southern Akkadian Desert.
It was the Pyramid of the Archmage, the most famous in the Kingdom of Paras, that was holding back Northcarta’s sandstorm.
Zulu’s dungeon is an empty space where many adventurers stop by to find the secret of death.
But now, due to living together with an uninvited guest, the smell of people was wafting around.
Kang Nan, with her hair tied back, brought wet laundry into a basket and entered the Great Hall.
I felt the vibration of the pyramid shaking in Northcarta, and it was getting stronger as time passed.
“Is there anything else you want me to do?”
Zulu, sucking on a black pacifier, sat in the corner like a doll without a soul, blinking.
“… … .”
I don’t read books, I have no hobbies.
She eats nothing but the bare minimum of food to live on, and most of the time is filled with nothingness.
“I don’t remember making you do it?”
Kang Nan said as she hung out the laundry on the drying rack.
“Aren’t you bored? If you just sit there idly like that all day.”
“Without the mind, there is no time.”
It was the words of a person who reached the extreme of indifference.
“If you need anything, just tell me.”
Wiping her hands with a towel and walking to the bed, she looked at Gaold with pity as he showed no signs of getting up.
His strong body was skinny like a skull, and his beard, which had given up trimming at some point, had grown below his chin.
‘Shouldn’t you wake up now?’
Porridge was always prepared by Gaold’s side, and Gangnan scooped a spoonful and poured it into his mouth.
“I am getting thinner. Is this really… … .”
“I will not die.”
Kang Nan turned his head, revealing his anger.
“Maybe?”
“It should have been dead already.”
“… … .”
“If you have overcome the phenomenon of death, the end of Gaold will not be death. It must be something more serious than that.”
“I will come back. because here… … .”
Gangnan bit his lip and said.
“Because there is a maze.”
Zulu didn’t object this time either.
“Perhaps we may have crossed the maze by then.”
Knowing how tenaciously Gaold pursued strength, it was a contradictory feeling that made me sad even though I hoped for it.
‘Once you wake up. Then I won’t fight either.’
Kururrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr
As the ceiling shook, the sound of the wind, like the cries of a dead man, came clearly through the walls.
“It’s really amazing. How big of a difference in pressure would cause a storm in the middle of a continent?”
Whoo oh oh!
It sounded like Gaold’s scream.
“It’s not the wind, Gangnan.”
Zulu pointed to the ceiling and said.
“The wheel of the law. The ethics of this world operate at a much deeper level.”
* * *
Vanguard is closed.
Bomu also welcomed the maga thieves who proudly entered, and Momodo came with the strongest subordinates.
“welcome. My name is Momodo, the 32nd manager of Vanguard.”
When the name of the most famous heroine in the Central Desert appeared, the vice-captain said with strained eyes.
“I stopped by because I have some business to do, so could you help me?”
Instead of answering, Momodo looked at the woman next to the vice-captain.
Her hair was tangled and the clothes were loose, as if she had been beaten and dragged.
However, the energy that throbbed like being beaten with a fist just by being by his side was not normal.
‘Are you really human?’
She is proud to have met all the bizarre humans in the world, but this time she had to think differently.
This woman is the ultimate monster.
“You are aware of the situation. No acts of force were permitted on the Vanguard until Northcarta passed… … .”
Park Nyeo approached Momodo.
“I am looking for Vanya.”
The moment I saw the eyes of the beast, my heart was beating like a prey under the belly of a lion.
‘Die. I’m going to die.’
Will you fight or will you open the way?
Momodo’s judgment was quick in the face of the alternative choice.
“Come in. Please don’t make a big fuss.”
Baknyeo did not hold back even as she passed among the armed men, and the vice-captain snorted at Momodo and followed.
Back at the inn, Sirone and the others occupied each bed in the corner except for the door.
“Whoa, I’m tired. I must have had too much to drink.”
“Kick-kick-kick! Was it fun though? I learned something new after 20 years.”
Lian smiled at Sirone’s flushed face.
“Aren’t you appearing in your dreams? Sirone, how many underwear did you pack? Leave it beside me and sleep.”
“shut up! Pretending to be a grown-up while you yourself are bewildered!”
Kido, who had taken off his clothes leaving behind only his rags and shorts, sat cross-legged on the bed.
“It’s done. Human circumstances (?) are taken care of by humans. I’m going to meditate, so don’t tell me.”
The body of the goblin, with its skinny limbs and belly protruding, was unattractive, but as soon as the breath developed, the alcohol evaporated and the smell of alcohol spread.
“Kido, you… … .”
While Sirone kept his mouth shut, recalling the words not to touch him, Kido’s eyes fell into a more calm state.
‘It’s incarnation.’
Contrary to the flirtatious way of speaking, the incarnation of the goblin shimmering in Kido’s body was surprisingly calm.
“Sirone, what do you think?”
Leaving Kido alone, Rian sat down on the bed and asked.
“That’s what I heard today. Will that really be my end?”
“Do you still care? Even the people at the bar said it was a lie.”
“But you know, it’s not a lie.”
Sirone slowly took off her robe as if delaying an answer.
“Think of the law as a rule. Numerous cogwheels mesh precisely to produce a fixed result.”
Urin’s history search and La Enemy’s case manipulation were all possible because the gears of the law were applied.
“If Clarisse made a foreknowledge based on the law, it could really be our end.”
“… … Right.”
“But there is no set future. Blowing the statue of Buddha, your denial is also an act of breaking the teeth of a cogwheel.”
“At most teeth.”
Just because a few teeth are missing doesn’t stop the cogs from working or have any other consequences.
Ryan said, leaning his arm back.
“How big is a cogwheel? I mean, it’s destiny.”
It was probably the size of the universe, and it was clear that it was not at a level that could only be destroyed by axing.
As the atmosphere became solemn and deep in thought, a scream was heard from the end of the hallway.
“Kyaaak! what! It’s coming in all of a sudden!”
The vice-captain stared at the man and woman who were pale and tired while covering themselves with a blanket, then turned to the next room.
‘These guys are not.’
I don’t know how they look, but my skills weren’t so low that I couldn’t recognize Banya and Yaksha.
“What, you guys! How dare you infiltrate my room… … !”
He slammed the door shut and his gait quickened.
‘Where are you?’
The outside of the building was already surrounded by subordinates, so there was no place to escape.
“This is the last room.”
The vice-captain, who had been perceiving the atmosphere in the room for a long time at the words of his subordinate, raised his fist and slammed the door.
“Are you there?”
No answer was heard.
“It is urgent. Please open the door, please.”
Still without a sign, his face contorted like a beast and he smashed the door with his front kick.
“When someone calls… … huh?”
A flash of light flashed in front of my eyes.
“Keugh!”
The vice-captain, who hurriedly leaned back, spun with both feet afloat, unable to overcome the inertia.
As soon as the photon cannon passed by and hit the wall behind it, the subordinates stormed into the room.
“Kiyi!”
Kido rolled on the floor and spread the blade hell, but there was no feeling of being caught on the edge of the sword.
Kido, who confirmed the bandits scattered, bounced on his back, flipped over, and landed in a prone position.
“be careful. These are very strong.”
Sirone also guessed from the man’s ability to evade the photon cannon at close range.
“get out! See you outside!”
“Yeaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!”
Lian swung his greatsword and tore the entire wall apart.
“catch! Don’t miss it!”
Kido climbed out of the railing and climbed up the wall, while Lian and Sirone flung their bodies to opposite sides.
‘I have to call Ratusa.’
As I ran down the hallway and looked left and right, I saw the completely closed vanguard scene.
‘Then where?’
As I shook my head at the ghastly death, a flash of swords that seemed to contain flames was reflected by the torch.
‘Avoid… … !’
With Armand’s reflexes, he tried to bend his back, but his heart was about to burst from frustration.
‘I got hit!’
As the clear and clear sound of the wind continued, Sirone’s throat throbbed and fell away.
1 second to here.
“Heo-eok! Huh!”
After teleporting back 10 meters, Sirone stared ahead with her hands on the ground.
The violent movement twisted the clothes, revealing a woman who was completely tightened.
“you… … Kut!”
A shock wave exploded in my chest belatedly.
When Sirone looked down, Armand’s chest was marked with Ringer’s upper skin like a silver scar.
‘I couldn’t avoid it?’
probably wind pressure.
However, looking at the metallic wound, I couldn’t believe that it was created by the wind.
“It’s time width.”
Sirone raised her head at Park Nyeo’s voice, who realized the state of senses just by reacting to the sword.
“What is identity? Why are you attacking us?”
“The Council of Lords was in conflict.”
‘The Ten Commandments?’
“Whether it’s you first or Anchera first.”
“I don’t understand. Why is the Council of Ten Presbyterians?”
“Shura reported to Amita. you can’t reach the palace So we… … .”
As Bak-nyeo lowered her posture, a gust of wind rose.
“Follow Ankera.”
When Baknyeo’s figure disappeared from sight, Sirone activated the Poetry Buddha statue bombardment without even looking.
‘What’s so fast!’
However, as time passed, Bakdo’s movement accelerated, and in the end, I could not feel the sword’s trajectory even with a sense of time.
“die.”
Axing-Nirvana E-engine (heat recoil in-line 8-cylinder).
As the cylinder of the law energized a single movement, the sword plunged into Sirone’s head like lightning.
The floor exploded with a roar, and Bak-nyeo remained motionless for a long time in the rising smoke.
‘how?’
It was a result that could not be captured even with a monstrous sense.
‘I didn’t see it?’
Shirone, who had moved behind her, gasped for breath and was preparing to fight.
‘Is it magic?’
To confirm, Park Nyeo kicked the ground and at the same time, Sirone’s body penetrated the hallway floor like a ghost and disappeared.
‘Uncomfortable.’
The unknown has always been unpleasant.
“Big!”
Bak-nyeo, who cycled at a tremendous speed, struck the floor, creating a huge hole.
Upon landing, what came into sight was Sirone, who went outside ignoring all physical barriers.
“no way.”
Park Nyeo’s eyes shook in shock.
“Gongpa 空破?”
The reason space can be destroyed is because the features of the real world and the other world are different.
Even if the road is blocked by a barrier in reality, there are no barriers in the other world, so you can break through with the shortest route.
“If it hadn’t ended in Shipok… … .”
The underground here may be the basement of the underworld, and the sky may be the roof of a tall building.
“It got a little closer to the end.”
The moment Parknyeo’s muttering ended, Sirone, who had cast Shining Magic after breaking the ceiling, turned towards her.
‘it’s okay. I can fight with this.’
The first thing I developed through Uorin’s advice was the ability of my 7th sense to use both real and other world routes.
Jikyung Park – Choeni Bardo (The Boundary Between Life and Death).
In other words, it was the boundary line between this world and the next world.
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 706 - Desert God (5) 1.txt
===============================
[706] Desert God (5)
According to the true meaning of esoteric Buddhism, it is a section (bardo) to experience the source of existence, and there is an opinion that it is similar to a near-death experience medically.
It is frequently reported that patients in a state of suspended animation face a landscape different from reality, and outstanding monks look into the world of the soul through extreme self-cultivation.
However, Park Ji of Sirone is currently accepting the two landscapes of reality and the other side at the same time as a clear sense rather than a momentary realization.
“Check again.”
As Bak-nyeo approached, destroying everything in sight, the blood disappeared from Sirone’s face.
‘Choeni Bardo!’
Just as the statue of Buddha merges the past and the future, when Choeni Bardo merges the two spaces, numerous routes that have not existed before unfolded like an electric circuit of a precise magic circle.
When Sirone, who had evaded the attack, cast Homing Photon Cannon, flashes of light rushed in as if he had eaten a spin.
Park-nyeo’s monstrous senses were activated, and her upper body vibrated as if plucking a string.
The air exploded just by shaking the upper body, and the photon cannons that wrapped around Park Nyeo collided with each other and disappeared.
‘Is that human?’
Park Nyeo was also surprised.
‘Certainly opened the foil.’
The 7th sense corresponds to the level of the senses of ordinary angels in terms of heaven.
Not to mention looking down, the numerous magic tricks of ordinary angels were the result of exploring this world with seven senses.
Park Nyeo lowered her stance and said.
“From now on, I will evaluate you in my own way.”
Extremely intuitive, but that’s why there’s no way to deviate.
‘What is that again?’
Behind Parknyeo, a gigantic organ resembling a heart made of steel shimmered like a hallucination.
Axing – Nirvana E-engine (V-12 cylinder).
After that, the hallucination disappeared and the vivid V-shaped incarnation soared like wings, and Sirone’s face contorted.
“Keugh!”
The feeling that the world was turning around her was like touching Lian’s Mach.
‘after that day… … .’
I tasted the best acceleration while dealing with Lian in Apocalypse, but I couldn’t be satisfied with that.
If it is the same incarnation, the series is wasteful, and it is bent into a V shape to mount more cylinders of the law.
‘I can run faster now.’
Very few people know that Bak-nyeo was a genius engineer of the Mecca tribe and a terrible speed freak before gaining eternal life.
‘Although Amita will object.’
The Order of the Ten Presbyterians do not like the behavior of the Eternals.
“Sirone.”
The corner of Park Nyeo’s mouth was torn.
“with me… … Will you go all the way?”
It wasn’t long before I felt the creepy energy, and the incarnation of V burned like a flame, and Park Nyeo’s appearance disappeared.
‘damn!’
I tried to evade the attack by mobilizing all the time bombs and foils, but honestly, I didn’t think I would be able to hold on.
‘How are you so fast? Is it out of control?’
Momodo, who was watching the vanguard that had become a battlefield, covered her head with both hands.
“no! How did I protect the vanguard!”
Suddenly, a hole opened in the wall that had been intact, and a crackling sound was heard from inside.
After a while, the shops began to collapse in order, pushing away the dust clouds.
‘Catch up!’
If you move this fast, a hundred magics are useless.
Eventually, Bak-nyeo, who had bypassed the distance seven times longer than Sirone, rushed right in front of her eyes.
“Sirone!”
Lian blocked the way and swung the sword, and the sword bounced off with a sharp sound.
“I’ll take it! Bring Ratusa!”
Sirone bit his lip.
“Are you okay? That woman… … .”
Although Sirone always trusts Rian, she couldn’t leave her alone this time.
“I know what you mean. Because I’ve already fought.”
Recalling the battle in Apocalypse was still frightening.
“don’t worry. because you won’t die But honestly… … I have no confidence to win here.”
Lian’s words made the decision clear, and Sirone got out of the seat through Choeni Bardo.
“You see it for the second time.”
Baknyeo drew her sword and approached.
“Shall we run?”
Ryan only smiled bitterly.
Aaaaaaaang!
Kido heard the sound of Rian and Park Nyeo’s axing destroying the vanguard.
“Sheesh! Are we just goblins?”
When Maga’s bandits arrived, Kido was standing on a spear pole held by ten toes.
“What are you guys? Why are you attacking us?”
“You don’t have to worry about dying.”
As the vice-captain pulled out his sword and approached him, Kido’s whole body was enveloped in a nerve-burning murderous feeling.
‘Awesome, these.’
Even in the central desert, few organizations could wreak havoc on the mighty Vanguard.
Each one of them was a Drakker, and especially the woman who fought Lian was far beyond the human realm.
“Cheuk, kuk, kuk.”
Seeing Kido burst into laughter with his shoulders moving, the vice-captain’s eyes went wild.
“Are you crazy? What’s so funny?”
“I’m feeling a little clearer now.”
There are things you learn when you face a situation where you will die right away.
‘A fate that may come at any time… … .’
That there is no single use.
“Right, Sirone?”
As Kido bounced the spear he was holding with both feet and came down, the spear pole soared into the sky and made a whirring sound.
And the moment it fell right in front of my eyes again, Kido’s body rotated at the same speed as the spear and rolled sideways.
“It’s best to run away!”
As Kido rolled the window like a cartwheel and went down the apartment vertically, the Maga bandits jumped down.
“Chase! We have to catch it at Vanguard!”
Meanwhile, Park Nyeo, who was driving Rian, caught Sirone climbing over the wall in the distance.
‘Have you chosen to meet Ra?’
Bak-nyeo, unable to send Sirone, ran to the nearby delivery device and grabbed the tank.
“wait for a sec! Don’t touch that!”
Momodo’s cry was blown away by the wind, and the cylinder of the V-12 delivered power to Baknyeo’s body.
“Great!”
The tank started shaking as the RPMs soared like crazy.
“Uh-oh… … .”
At the end of the increasingly violent vibration, the iron breaks with a crackling sound.
“Kyaaaaaaaaaaaaa!”
Parknyeo let out an animal-like scream and twisted her waist, causing the tank to spin greatly due to the centrifugal force and fly toward Sirone.
“It’s 100 tons… … .”
Momodo, who had a blank expression on her face, suddenly came to her senses and shouted.
“It’s a big deal! When the outer wall collapses… … !”
“Sirone! damage!”
Turning her head at Lian’s voice, Sirone widened her eyes when she saw the huge tank.
“what!”
The 100-ton tank roared and collapsed the wall.
“Aww! what.”
Shirone, who had fallen outside the vanguard, clutched at the desert sand in a prone position.
The first thing I noticed was the sound of the burning wind.
‘come.’
Something huge was pushing in from the deep darkness of the desert.
“Activate the second tank and repair the windbreak! If we don’t block it early, everything will be destroyed!”
Momodo quickly gave instructions, but a strong wind rushed into the vanguard as if a hole had been made in the bank.
Double-glazed windows rattled as the sand splattered, and injured people were hit by debris from the building.
A subordinate jumped from the watchtower shouted.
“Manager! Northcarta… … ! no… … .”
He changed his words after deciding that he could not fully express his emotions with just the name of the equator wind.
“The desert god is coming!”
When Sirone came to his senses and cast Shining Magic, Kaidra flew in with a groaning sound from the place where the moon was above.
‘thank god. You were nearby.’
Kido and Lian ran toward the exit, and at the exact timing, the photon cannon shot through the iron gate.
“Rian! Kido! hurry!”
Shirone waved her hand and urged, and the vice-captain, who was watching from afar, shouted at the subordinate guarding the exit.
“Stop! Don’t let me get on the rogue!”
Kido stopped walking as the members on the Omek raised their swords and charged from the left and right.
“Sheesh! Go first!”
“Catch the goblins first!”
The Omeks jumped into the air and stepped on Kido’s spot with sharp claws.
“Kido!”
Lian, who had arrived at Sirone, looked back and shouted.
Aaaaaang!
As the dust settled, the sight of the severed omeks rolling on the ground was seen in agony.
Kido rolled out like a ball and ran towards the exit, biting off one of the animal’s legs.
“Puhehehe! how is it? Did I do well?”
“Stop eating!”
Kido, who had thrown his legs at Sirone’s rebuke, climbed onto Kaidra and grabbed the reins.
“I’ll drive! I’ve seen all the places to see here too!”
The Maga thieves all boarded the Omeks and charged towards Kaidra, brandishing whips.
“Captain! Do you chase?”
Ooh oh oh!
I couldn’t even hear my voice because of the harsh wind.
“I will go till the end.”
When Park Nyeo, who changed direction by twisting the reins, stood in the lead, the vice-captain looked back and gave instructions.
“Beat the drum! It locates by sound!”
ridge! ridge! ridge! ridge! ridge!
Hearing the sound of drums, Kaidra flew up.
“damn! It’s a really big wind!”
However, the wind resistance was so severe that it was not easy to increase the altitude.
The sound of the wind grew louder without knowing the end, and even the thieves who had nothing to fear in the world swallowed their saliva.
‘You’re really going to break through this?’
Sensing the strength of the wind, Kido shouted.
“come! come! come! come!”
Just as Sirone lifted his head at the deafening roar, Lian pointed forward.
“Sirone! excuse me!”
Northcarta.
A desert tidal wave reaching a height of two kilometers was approaching, encroaching all the way to the horizon.
Sirone burst into laughter with an expression about to cry.
“Puhahahaha!”
The members running on the ground also found a huge barrier of sand and became confused.
“Be strong! If eaten, it’s over!”
ridge! ridge! ridge! ridge! ridge!
Baknyeo took a deep breath as she was hit by strong winds that seemed to tear her skin apart.
‘It is Mother Nature’s wind.’
She lowered the only suit she was wearing and lifted her head, spreading her upper body wide.
“Haaaaaa.”
I could see the white inside my quivering eyelids, and my waist swayed like a wave in accordance with Omek’s rhythm.
‘Literally an animal.’
Looking at Park Nyeo’s gently rising back muscles, the vice-captain tightly closed his lips.
‘It doesn’t matter if I become a beast. If that person… … .’
Even if he falls into the realm of animals, he will gladly sacrifice his life for Bak-nyeo as king.
Kido grabbed the reins and shouted.
“Hold tight so you don’t fall! crash!”
Sirone realized the reason of the law governing the desert as he glared at the gigantic sandstorm that drove him insane.
‘It’s not the wind.’
The reality of Northcarta conveyed through Bakji is the futility of countless lives that have been lost for eons.
Aaaaaaaagh!
Is it a coincidence created by the flow of air?
The sand particles flowing down the desert wall formed the shape of a huge skeleton and let out a scream.
‘I won’t be swallowed up by nothing!’
Even if it is a fate where only a miserable ending remains, I will fight the world to the end.
“Rian! Kido!”
A skeleton protruding from the sand barrier reached out its bony hands and pounced on Caidra.
“let’s go!”
At the same time, Lian swung the straight sword vertically.
“Wow!”
Divine Transcendence – Mach.
Whoa!
As Lian’s will split the world in two, the skull’s face carved into the sand wall exploded into two.
Finally, a desert storm engulfs Caydra.
“Yah-hoo-oh!”
Kido’s voice spread through the wind.
“Don’t miss it! We are the Mark bandits!”
ridge. ridge. ridge. ridge. ridge.
The desert god comes, swallowing nothingness.
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 707 - Nineteen thousand worlds (1).txt
===============================
[707] 19,000 Worlds (1)
Noscarta, which originated in the southern Akkadian desert, passed through the central desert and disappeared only at the beginning of the northern desert.
The desert tidal wave wiped away all traces of life, and the desert was hotter than ever in the scorching sun.
“Sirone, water. Give me some water.”
Sirone and the others were walking through a vast wasteland with sand clinging to them.
“Are you drinking again?”
When Sirone casts a spell to fill the canteen with water, Kido gulps down.
“I don’t know. Is it because it is made with magic? My thirst is not satisfied.”
As he drank the whole liter of water, Kido’s protruding stomach grew even more bloated.
“How long do I have to walk anyway? You’ve been walking for two hours already after sending Ratusa. Didn’t you say you were almost there?”
The power of Northcarta was so great that when it came out through the desert tidal wave, even Kaidra couldn’t fly.
“You are going in the right direction. Be patient. As long as I can see it, I will go to magic from then on.”
Ryan regularly looked back on the road he had passed.
“There is still no chase. Is it annihilation?”
Even Kaidra was exhausted, so there was no way that those who had been chasing after riding the Omek would be safe.
“I can’t be careless.”
Even so, I am worried because the strength of a woman who is the leader of the Magan bandits and an executive of the Tenro Society is beyond imagination.
“That woman would have penetrated Northcarta as well. There is no time to delay. Let her walk a little faster.”
“Sirone, I’m very depressed.”
After walking another hour like that, Sirone and the others found a castle at the end of the horizon.
Like the words of a famous tourist destination, people were gathering.
“That’s Andre.”
Sirone, who cast air-type magic, flew away with Kido and Lian floating in the air.
Upon arriving at the main gate of the castle, the ticket office was set up.
“welcome! This is Labyrinth Andre! Welcome to all the adventurers who came for an experience worth more than life!”
The employee was wearing Middle Eastern clothing, but he confirmed the color of Sirone’s skin and spoke in the common language of the continent.
“This is right… … .”
One of the world’s top three labyrinths where Enemy is believed to be.
“You came at the perfect timing! Due to the influence of Northcarta, admission is half price for the next week! Never miss it!”
“… … .”
I stood in awe for a while at the voice bright enough to relieve my tension, but those who arrived from the back urged me.
“Let’s go quickly. I’m dying of heat.”
Pushed by their voices, Sirone looked back at Lian and Kido before speaking to the box office.
“uh… … Two adults and one goblin.”
“hmm? Goblin?”
The employee looked at the goblin with a smile.
“There is no set amount for goblins. Are you under the age of six? Babies are free.”
When Sirone turned around, Kido frowned in displeasure.
“Yes, I am under six years old.”
Kido’s eyes widened.
“All right. Then it’s 4 gold for two adults.”
As a world-class tourist destination, even half the price was quite expensive.
“thank you! have a great time!”
After crossing the main gate, there were many shops lined up on the well-paved road, and even a fountain was installed even in the desert.
Also, as the empire was specially managed, not only restaurants and bars, but also lodgings, gambling halls, and souvenir shops were all luxurious.
“There are surprisingly many people. I thought it would be off-season due to the influence of Northcarta.”
“I’d say it’s usually more.”
Numerous nobles were wandering around with their families, and among them, those who looked quite strong were gathered in one place.
‘A common tourist or adventurer.’
Kido ran to the souvenir shop and looked at the items on the stalls.
“Kido, I don’t have time to buy that right now.”
You never know when the Magan bandits will arrive.
“Sirone, look at this for a second.”
As Sirone and Lian approached, Kido held up a three-dimensional model of Andre.
“Hmm, it looks like this.”
It was a structure in which large cavities were connected one after another, and numerous circular doors could be seen installed through the ceiling of the transparent three-dimensional model.
“No matter how you look at it, it doesn’t look like there will be 19,000.”
There were at most hundreds of doors that could be implemented in miniature, but that alone was quite distinctive.
“It will be different when you actually go there. Let’s go.”
Kido fiddled with Andre’s three-dimensional model as if he had no regrets, then put it back on the stall.
“Andre’s open from 2pm. Those who want to tour, please wait in line.”
Following the guide’s words, Sirone and the others waited their turn among the crowd.
“what’s this? You came to find La Enemy, right?”
The feeling of peace wasn’t bad, but Lian was wary of being distracted.
“Maybe La Enemy isn’t here.”
At Sirone’s words, Rian and Kido both turned their heads at the same time.
“No? Then why did you come here?”
“It is only through this place that you will be able to meet Ra Enemy.”
Sirone said the thoughts she had put together so far.
“What I felt while taking the Ivory Tower test is that finding La Enemie is not the same as finding a lost item.”
“Because you manipulate the case?”
“that’s right. I’m not looking for Ra. It’s Ra making me seek it. The subject and object are reversed.”
Sirone raised her index finger.
“Therefore I will be where you seek, which does not mean that Ra awaits where I go. Inverted, it means I have to find where Ra is.”
“It’s kind of a hint.”
“So I thought about it. Where else am I looking for Ra? There is only one conclusion. That’s where it all is.”
Ryan looked back at Andre’s entrance.
“Time-space prison. The Remains of the Guffin.”
“that’s right. 19,000 worlds trapped by Guffins in their respective prisons. If the seals of all these worlds are released, time and space will be mixed again… … .”
“Then you can meet the real Ra Enemy.”
Sirone nodded.
“You will know for sure when you see Andre in person, but… … .”
Then Andrew’s entrance opened.
“Please enter. Viewing hours are until 4:00 PM.”
The cave was quite wide, and the long line quickly shortened, and Sirone and the others crossed Andre’s threshold, feeling the cool chill that was not like the desert.
“wow… … .”
Kido opened his mouth with a dazed expression at the pressure of the real thing, which was certainly different from the three-dimensional model.
Everywhere on the walls, ceiling, and floor of the cavity, there were numerous circular steel doors that looked like eyes.
A circular panel was installed in the center of the steel door, which stayed lit even though there was no power source.
Sirone read the number 3256 on the panel.
Looking around, every steel door had a different number on it. Perhaps the end was 19000.
“According to legend… … .”
The guide started explaining.
“It is said that many worlds overlapped in this cave. But one day, a great wizard appeared and classified them into 19,000 worlds and sealed them at each door.”
One of the tourists pointed to the door and asked.
“So you’re saying that if you open this door and enter, you’ll find a completely different world? Can I come in now?”
The guide was smiling, but his face was slightly red.
“Of course there are other worlds. But so far, no one who has opened this door and entered has returned.”
“Then it is a lie. Who knows if there’s a new world when no one has come out? Isn’t that right, gentlemen?”
People looked displeased at being interrupted, and the more they did, the more the man acted forcefully.
“How about opening it? We’ll check it out. Shouldn’t it just go in?”
The reason the guide put up with it was because his salary included the cost of keeping his mouth shut.
‘I can’t eat it because it’s dirty, really.’
According to the veteran guide’s theory, everyone thinks they are right, but no one is actually right.
“Unfortunately, opening Andre’s door not only requires the help of a magic circuit expert, but also violates Imperial law.”
The man shut his mouth in front of the word imperial law, but the excitement as a guide was all broken.
“Rian, this is a really great place.”
Where everyone turned their heads, Sirone was looking around at the doors installed in all directions.
“oh! You know the true value too. That’s right, the door installed now is a special code that no information wizard in history has ever developed… … .”
The spirited guide’s mouth moved quickly, but Sirone couldn’t hear it.
‘How on earth is this possible?’
What felt like an Ultima system was a vacuum made of perfect nothingness and an infinite spot that formed the outside.
‘Yu and mu. The two concepts are perfectly separated.’
It was unthinkable except for Guffin to separate the number 2 of the law into each 1.
Ryan asked in a low voice.
“Is that possible? It’s 19,000 worlds. It would take thousands of years to break the seals one by one.”
“I don’t think I can live that long.”
As a result of seeing Andre with her own eyes, Sirone had a hunch that only she could do it.
“I will solve it at once. With the wheel of cowardice.”
It is to explore 19,000 worlds at the same time by multiplying the bubble of events to infinity.
Kido, who has memories by drinking Sirone’s blood, raised his glasses and said.
“Are you okay? You never know what will happen in each world. It is completely different from multiplying events for a single purpose.”
Kido’s words were correct.
“If you turn the wheel of fear, each of the 19,000 me will have a different experience. If that happens, the way you think will change.”
Ryan made a worried expression.
“Can you come back? If all those sirones were put together, I might go crazy.”
It was just the limit of what Rian could express, something on a different level from madness would happen to Sirone.
“I don’t do it because it is possible. I do it because only I can do it.”
Sirone looked around the Great Cavity.
“At first it was infinite. That’s what’s split into yes and no. Very many and infinite have different meanings. Guffin didn’t seal this place. Rather, it fell into the realm of investigation.”
“Do you think Guffin prepared for you? Just because you think you can master the wheel of coercion?”
It is unknown.
“I don’t know that far. But think about it. The wheel of the law that Vanguard talked about.”
fate.
“Should I say that the things I have felt and realized in my life so far fit into Andre? Like a key and a lock.”
“You mean Hexa is the key to unlocking Andre?”
Shirone nodded at Kido’s words.
“Infinity is infinite. So, the 19,000 worlds must be divided under the special intention of Guffin. So if you look back… … .”
Maybe when that happens… … .
“Can we understand a little more about guffins? And maybe we can learn more about Hexa? I think so.”
Rian and Kido couldn’t think of a way to stop them.
“How long do you think it will take? Time to break the seal.”
“With the Ultima System, you should be able to find a way out. I think it will take at least seven days.”
If the Mark bandits were safe, they would arrive at Andre this evening.
“Time is running out. Then me and Kido… … .”
At the time Lian spoke, there was a loud bang outside the cave, followed by people’s screams.
“What is going on?”
A guard shouted from the entrance of the cave as the tourists watched anxiously.
“Everyone evacuate! Bandits have attacked!”
Kido asked with shocked eyes.
“what? Thieves?”
It was much faster than expected.
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 708 - 19,000 Worlds (2).txt
===============================
[708] 19,000 Worlds (2)
* * *
North Pole.
In the middle of an endless stretch of ice, an ivory tower rose toward the sky.
Except for the star, it is a quiet place where you spend your life purely exploring academics, but the atmosphere was different today.
‘It’s really strange.’
In front of the elevator to the Temple of Earth, Araka, the head of domestic affairs, stroked his beard and thought.
‘It’s a convocation of all the stars currently staying in the Ivory Tower.’
It was the first time in 29 years that Tae-seong convened the stars of each department rather than an individual interview.
“It’s been a while, Araka-san.”
The first to arrive was a 3-star villager belonging to the Ministry of Balance, Arte, the ghost goblin.
“Have you come, star of intellect?”
Arte was wearing neat clothes and waving a fan with bells.
Tokay was not seen because the satellite was excluded from the qualification for observation.
“It’s an unusual event, gathering so many.”
“what? Arte was there too?”
Seongbyeolya Tsuoi, a 2-star resident belonging to the System Inspection Department, walked along the hallway as smooth as a mirror.
“yes. It arrived yesterday.”
Although the number of stars varies depending on the realm, the hierarchy was not defined within the Ivory Tower anyway.
“Then do you know what happened? Personally, it’s the first time the stars are summoned.”
Arte fluttered his fan and said.
“If recently, it was when a giant meteorite crashed into a planet. Oh Dae-seong was able to block it, but… … .”
It was a fact that most of humanity did not know.
“Hmm, a giant meteorite. What could be the equivalent of that?”
“It seems to be about the altar. It would have nothing to do with the current state of La Enemy.”
A muffled voice came from the hallway.
“Heh heh, all the unlucky stars gathered here.”
A man wearing an eastern blue robe and a yellow talisman tightly covering his face was walking by.
Heijiang City, an ivory tower 3-star resident province.
Alias law teacher.
As a member of the Ministry of Law, he was a master of incarnation, managing all the laws of the world and sealing incarnations himself.
Arte said with cold eyes.
“It is their idea that there is no luck. It is an honor for Taeseong to find us.”
“Chuck! Is it like that? Well, it doesn’t matter since it’s each person’s own judgment, but do you think the ghost goblin is afraid of Taeseong too?”
Arte’s fan folded with a snap.
“The words that ridicule others eventually come out of your own head. If that’s what you’re thinking, wouldn’t that apply to you?”
“… … .”
Heukgangshi was silent, but a battle of death more terrifying than any war raged between the two.
Tsuoi didn’t care, but Araka was sweating as if she were 117 years old.
‘This is why we can’t get together.’
Because they went beyond stubbornness and pushed their subjectivity to the limit, there was a high possibility of a major accident if a collision occurred.
“It’s late. hello. Nice to meet you.”
A woman with her back folded backwards and her feet crossed in front of her shoulders was crawling like a spider.
His straight black hair was pulled to the ground, his pale face was missing eyebrows and eyelashes, and his lips were the color of flesh, so they were indistinguishable from his skin.
Ivory Tower 2-Star Resident, St. Morai Borbor.
Alias is mollusk.
They are not called mollusks just because their bodies are flexible.
As a member of the Balance Department, her subjectivity is non-subjective, and she is a master of mind-type magic with transcendental mental fluidity that can even respond to microbes.
Tsuoi blinked and asked.
“What, did you have Borbordo? I heard she went to the south? Did you solve the demon terror case?”
“No, that… … .”
A voice came from the crown of Borbor’s head.
“I told you to come.”
Looking closely, a woman the size of a man’s thumb was sitting holding Borbor’s hair.
Her face was so small that you couldn’t tell her features unless you looked closely, but she was definitely beautiful.
Ivory Tower 2-Star Resident, Castle Twelve Minnie.
Nickname is Super Giant.
A resident of the Unified Universe Management Department, she majored in scale magic and was a lonely girl hanging out with Borbor whenever she had time.
Tsuoi frowned and looked down at Mini.
“But what if I told you to give up on the mission and come back?”
“are you okay. Borbor said it was okay.”
“No, that’s not it. Borbor, no matter who asks… … .”
Mini hugged Borbor by the top of his head.
“And we are best friends. Right, Borbor?”
“huh? uh, right We are best friends.”
Mini with a big smile at the satisfactory answer looked up at Arte and waved.
“It’s still nice, Mr. Arte. Do you want to sleep with me?”
Arte, who had been fighting with Heukangshi until then, spread his fan and covered his face.
“Specify. I don’t want to drown.”
After answering that, he turned his gaze to Araka.
“I think everyone gathered at this number? Let’s go.”
“Will Taeseong be sad if I go without me?”
As everyone turned their heads, a gray-haired old man in a suit was approaching, smoking a pipe.
It was not only the neatly trimmed beard, but the fact that it was not the outfit they had seen in their dreams made a difference in the eyes of the residents.
“Even Mr. Louver… … ?”
“You made a special call. It’s such an important issue.”
Ivory Tower 4-Star Resident, Louver.
Nickname is Mongin.
It belongs to the Unified Space Management Department, but its original birthplace is Drimo, and it currently manages human dreams.
‘What’s the matter with a 4-star villager?’
Arte looked over at Louver over the fan and was lost in thought, and the atmosphere was serious this time around Heukgang City as well.
Borbor raised his head and said.
“Now go up. Are you all here? hello?”
“yet… … Looks like one more is coming.”
Where Louver turned his head, a brain the size of a human was approaching, floating in the air.
It was just a brain, hence the name Brain.
“… … .”
Ivory Tower 4-star villager, Castle Brain.
The nickname is the brain of an unknown person.
A member of the Human Security Enforcement Department, it appears in various forms through illusion magic, but no one has spoken to it.
As the brain cast a spell, a straight-haired woman with a prominent forehead appeared.
“It only becomes pretty when I am around.”
Minnie grumbled, but her brain didn’t even respond, just walking towards the lift.
Louver said.
“Now we are all gathered. Please tell Taeseong.”
“All right.”
Araka wasn’t young either, but it wasn’t comparable to her time as a dreamer.
‘It’s fortunate that Mr. Louver came.’
If you were a dreamer who could control your dreams, even a 3-star wouldn’t be able to show your dissolute appearance in front of Taeseong.
“Taesung, the stars ask for an audience.”
Tsuoi asked while waiting for a call.
“If it’s as big as a meteorite crashing, is it really because of the altar?”
Heukgangshi shook his head.
“It is not urgent. There is no particularly large movement in the Tenro Society. I think it’s probably because of the Ivory Tower Test.”
said Minnie.
“Are you talking about me?”
Borbor raised his eyes upward.
“I am not dangerous. The sword painting is also amazing. But is it serious enough to compare to a meteorite impact?”
“Maybe even worse.”
Arte said.
“It’s much faster than previously predicted. If you maintain this pace, you will be liberated before the test.”
Tsuoi stroked his chin.
“if… … Could it be because of Sirone?”
Mongin Louver turned his head as if to react, and Mini raised one eyebrow and said.
“Hexa is also a problem that cannot be overlooked, but it won’t be bigger than me, right?”
“There was a rumor that Taeseong-nim was the one who voted for Sirone. It’s a ceremonial vote, of course, but… … .”
“Ah, that wouldn’t be it. Honestly, I wonder if even I can handle you. There is no comparison.”
Not too long ago, Tsuoi thought so too.
“This is what I felt when I met Sirone… … .”
Before he could finish his words, a pillar of light fell on the elevator and the stars disappeared.
* * *
People’s screams echoed in the labyrinth.
“Stay calm! The Andre Tourism Department operates a counter-terrorism team and is supported by the Ministry of Land Management… … !”
The guide tried to calm them down, but the panic-stricken people ran to the exit.
“Rian, let’s get ready. You won’t be able to stop it.”
Even in the largest Kashan Empire in the world, if the Maga bandits were in an S-class position, the counter-terrorism unit would be helpless.
Kido said.
“Are you okay? At the same time, even if you open the door and enter, the spirit zone must be maintained, right? The body must remain.”
In the state where it multiplied to 19,000 people, the possibility of the body’s mind being intact converged to zero.
“Sirone will be fine. I will stay too.”
Hearing the battle cries from afar, Lian pulled out his great sword.
“good. I will protect this place, so open the seal.”
I could trust Ryan.
“Please. Kido and you too, be careful.”
As Sirone rushed into the depths of the labyrinth, the guide held out his hand and shouted.
“Where are you going? There is a secret passage this way!”
“We are not leaving!”
After hearing the absurd answer, the guide put on a blank expression and looked back at Lian and Kido.
“Aren’t you going out too? Bandits are invading!”
Kido, who had picked up all the buckets of water dropped by the tourists, sipped and waved his hands.
“Either way, run away. Sooner or later, the seal of the labyrinth will be released. Then you will know what hell is.”
“… … it’s crazy.”
Thinking she must be crazy, she ran towards the secret passageway, and Lian inspected the situation in front of the exit.
“Surely great. There seem to be very few dropouts.”
Nearly 40 Magan bandits were rushing to Andre, repulsing the terror response team in an instant.
“Is it the Council of Thirties, is that woman here too?”
Rian frowned at the sight of Kido constantly turning the lid of the water bottle.
“Why do you drink so much? My stomach is rocking, so how are you going to fight?”
“huh? Oh sorry.”
When Kido walked away with his tongue sticking out like a puppy, Rian, feeling different from usual, asked back.
“what’s the matter? Any problem?”
“No, nothing. just a little thirsty It must have been because we crossed the desert.”
He said that, but his heart was different.
‘weird. Why do I keep getting thirsty like this?’
No matter how much water I drank, my thirst was not satisfied.
‘It’s really crazy. I want to drink again.’
Like a hungry hungry devil, or like a drought-ridden earth yearning for rainwater from Mother Nature.
“Come, Kido.”
When I stood next to Lian, I saw the appearance of the Maga bandits, including Park Nyeo, who was covered in sand.
“You don’t even look tired. can we do it Didn’t Sirone say at least seven days?”
You must stop the Maga bandits for 7 days.
“There is nothing to go on until then. I will cut you down.”
“What nonsense are you talking about? What a monster that woman is… … .”
Kido’s eyes widened.
A terrifying yaksha’s fighting spirit that had never been seen before was emanating from Lian.
‘Is this guy serious?’
Lian’s divine transcendence is usually strong, but… … .
‘I will definitely protect it, Sirone.’
The incarnation of the moment protecting Sirone is unmatched by others.
“Goaaaaaa!”
Divine Transcendence – Denai.
The will to deny the law surged like Macha, and Lian’s body hurled toward Baknyeo.
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 709 - 19 thousand worlds (3) 1.txt
===============================
[709] 19,000 Worlds (3)
cut
The huge and enormous power of the law brought Lian in front of Bak-nyeo’s eyes as if distorting the gears of ethics.
‘Cut!’
Therefore, the force of the straight sword that was thrust down vertically had a transcendental feeling that could not be measured in terms of speed or impact.
‘It ends here!’
Bak-nyeo had a brain paralyzed experience in front of a lifelong desperate blow, not even thinking about the next incident.
‘Is it a natural enemy?’
When something is perfectly split in two, humans cannot choose between this side and that side.
‘Believe is against the ethics of the beast.’
Bak-nyeo’s monstrous sense is destroyed at that point.
“Kyaaaaaaaaaaaaa!”
Bak-nyeo, who made a strange noise, backed off with the tremendous power emitted from the V-12 engine.
“Did you avoid it?”
For a moment, Lian, who had burned his resolve to protect Sirone, rushed again.
Kido, who had been watching the two quickly move away, took a deep breath and glared forward.
“Get in Andrew! Kill the Wizard!”
Dozens of Maga thieves, who had already been instructed by Bak-nyeo, were running towards Kido.
‘Can I do it?’
If it was just a fight, dying would be enough, but if Kido was pushed back, the next target would be Sirone.
I gulped and salivated.
‘I’m thirsty.’
My throat burned to the point of going crazy.
* * *
The place where Sirone arrived was the center of the labyrinth confirmed by Andre’s three-dimensional model.
It was a matter of getting all 19,000 entrances into the Spirit Zone, and it was a close estimate.
‘If you activate Quantum Super Position in this state… … .’
The Ultima system acquired independently, rather than through sensory integration, is not yet perfect.
As the number of incidents increases, control becomes impossible, and unintended experiences will contaminate Sirone’s ego.
‘I have no choice but to do it.’
As if glaring at the guffin waiting at the end of fate, Sirone opened her eyes and cast a spell.
Quantum Super Position – Wheel of Fear.
At first it’s 2 stacks.
And the two began to fill Andre’s labyrinth by endlessly creating incidents toward infinity.
“Great!”
From World Name No. 1 to No. 19000.
As the codes that could not be deciphered except by the Ultima System were dismantled in Sirone’s hands, the iron doors emitted light.
‘Who am I?’
Sirone dropped to his knees.
As her consciousness faded, she couldn’t remember her name, her age, or even the fact that she was human.
“… … .”
When control was finally lost, numerous sirones began to develop independent events.
If this world is someone’s dream, the lives of Sirone who now manifest are also created by the spirit of the main body.
“I will definitely come back.”
At the same time as all the sirones looked back at their universe and spoke, 19,000 worlds opened at once.
A great light fills up and there is silence again.
* * *
The top of the ivory tower, artificiality.
The 7 stars and Araka discovered Mahagaruta guarding the Earth Temple where Taeseong resides.
‘It’s a five-star castle.’
There is no hierarchy among the stars, but this is not because of the logic of equality, but because it is useless in the first place.
If you are someone who can gauge the depth of your realm, you have no choice but to accept it from the bottom of your heart, even if you don’t bother mentioning rank.
In particular, Mini, Borbor, and Tsuoi were realizing the word “sky above the sky.”
‘Awakened… … .’
If there are very few people who understand Louver and Brain, Taeseong is probably the only one who understands the essence of Oh Daeseong.
While the 2-star residents made a fuss mentally, the 3-star Arte and Heukgang City did not flinch.
Louver took the lead.
“Buddha, it’s been a long time.”
Mahagaruta lifted her eyelids, and golden light filled her eyes.
It was a bizarre eye light indeed, but the smile was warm.
“That’s right, Mr. Louver. We talked a lot in the past. I miss that time.”
“I can’t see you because you don’t sleep. Why don’t you take some time to find it sooner or later?”
“I’m still having a good enough dream.”
Conversations like Zen dialogue were exchanged, and Mahagaruta slowly turned around while sitting cross-legged in the air.
“Come in. Taeseong is waiting for you.”
Mahagarutha’s eyes exploded, and the white light disappeared, revealing the majestic sight of the Temple of the Earth.
As if I had been dreaming all this time, or as if this were a dream.
“Taesung, you have been called.”
A woman in pure white stood with her hands behind her back on the glass floor of the Temple of Earth overlooking the planet.
It was no exaggeration to say that all the stars of the Ivory Tower revolved around her, like the universal gravitation force.
“Welcome, my children.”
It was a clear voice that made my mind clear without a speck of dust.
“Sit somewhere comfortable.”
Stars settled around her as Tae-sung put her hips on the glass floor overlooking the vast land of Kashan.
“The reason I called you guys today is… … .”
Everyone was paying attention to her lips as there had been a heated argument even before meeting Taeseong.
“Today is my birthday.”
At first I thought it was a joke.
‘birthday? Did Taeseong ever have a birthday?’
They didn’t know anything about her, but they thought that at least it wouldn’t be a concept similar to humans.
Borbor spoke first.
“uh… … happy birthday. hello?”
Taeseong playfully accepted.
“What do you do when you talk? I have to give you a present.”
While the 2-stars were visibly embarrassed, the 3-stars’ expressions gradually turned serious.
“Are you serious? Then this year’s age… … ?”
“Huh, actually, I’m not at the age to celebrate my birthday. just remembered the old days I missed you guys. That’s all.”
It was a heart-warming remark, but the cold reason of the stars quickly identified the identity of the sense of incongruity.
“Taesung, we still need you.’
The fact that a person at the pinnacle of intellect became emotional definitely meant that a huge event was taking place in the world.
Arte tightened his eyes and said.
“Speak. Is it the altar, the anchera, the nane, or the sirone? I will solve it.”
Taeseong shook his head.
“Even if you have the power to destroy it, if you destroy it at will, in the end nothing will be worth existing. Everything exists for no reason, and that is why it can be noble.”
The atmosphere became somber.
“Here, Tae-seong.”
Tzuoi raised her hand and asked.
“Who did you vote for this time?”
It was a question thrown to change the mood, but it was inevitable to receive glare from Arte and Heukgangshi.
“Who do you think I filmed?”
said Minnie.
“Of course it is me. Sirone and true voice are also excellent, but Nane is on a different level. The Kar value is also the highest.”
“Carr is not a tool for competition.”
Taeseong put his hands together and said.
“Think of this universe as a small room. When you first come in, all the realizations come in at once. Things like smell, shape, color, mood. Anyone can say they know this room roughly, so it’s easy to get a 50 percent Karr figure.”
Taeseong’s two palms gently opened.
“But to know more accurately, more than five senses must be mobilized. Things like the location of an object, its use, its history, and its meaning. That’s why it’s hard to raise your Kar value the closer you get to perfection.”
Taeseong opened his arms wide.
“Now let’s assume you have everything figured out. You guys know everything about the room, even a speck of dust in the corner. So, is it finally 100 percent Kar?”
Everyone was silent.
“It can never be. Even if you figured out everything in this room, how do you prove it? Could it be that I have missed something? Is what I know true?”
“No one can claim to know their room perfectly.”
“okay. 100% to 0.01% empty, maybe even smaller pieces. Its identity is… … .”
Taeseong’s two palms landed on his chest lightly.
“It is the heart.”
“mind… … .”
“In order to fully realize that perfection has been reached, the mind must work. What I don’t have, and what Sirone has. If there is a variable, it is probably a matter of the heart.”
While each star was lost in thought, Tsuoi pointed to Taeseong and asked.
“Then also… … Who voted for Sirone?”
Taehyung sticks out his tongue and smiles.
“That is a secret.”
* * *
Labyrinth Pytharos.
As a legal lowland where the muddy energy of the world flowed in, it was an impregnable fortress where many monks had challenged to destroy evil since ancient times, but never succeeded.
“Is this the hole of corruption?”
Even when Canis and Arin arrived, numerous organizations were camped outside the dark cave of the labyrinth.
All of them were top-notch masters in the world, and Arin confirmed their faces.
“Kanis, let’s think again. Probably not this It is too difficult to start with.”
Looking at Pytharos with menarche, it was a shady, wet, shiny, glistening entrance to the bowels.
“That’s why it’s worth the challenge. If you conquer even the entrance, it’s an instant to make a name for yourself.”
Canis and Arin, who failed in the graduation exam, dropped out of magic school and were in the middle of investigating ruins while wandering around the world.
Canis’ dream was to become an archaeologist, and Arin also actively supported that dream, but this time, there was a sense of arrogance.
“If I give up like this, I feel like I won’t be able to do anything forever. If you’re scared, stay here. I’ll go in alone.”
Knowing Canis’ stubbornness, Arin sighed.
“Okay, I’ll go with you. But promise me you’ll listen to me when it’s really dangerous.”
Just as Canis nodded vigorously, Arin suddenly turned to the wilderness.
A boy with thick tattoos on his face was walking slowly, wearing a rag-like hood.
“Ka, Canis… … .”
Her voice was seriously trembling.
‘It’s not menarche. A very clear incarnation… … .’
With her eyes on Pytharos in the distance, Nane moved her steps with calm eyes.
Nane’s time was different from everyone’s time.
Kar value 97.8%.
Nane’s thoughts were different from everyone else’s.
Kar value 98.2%.
“… … I get it.”
Kar value 99.1%.
For him, who went through all the degrees, the realization he gained in the world of the apostles served as the culmination of perfect harmony.
“Ah, I was mistaken.”
It was advancing toward perfection through near-infinite combinations.
Kar value 99.3%.
With every step she took, the feeling of the huge barriers collapsing one by one made Kanis short of breath.
“Nonsense… … .”
Kanis, who stomped her butt with a thump, looked up at Nane, who passed by her indifferently.
‘Sirone, to be honest, you’re a great guy too… … .’
Why does Sirone come to mind at this moment?
‘This guy is on a different level. He outdoes you.’
‘Seven steps.’
It was the remaining distance to Pytharos.
‘Six steps.’
As the distance decreased, Nane’s Kar value endlessly broke through the limit that could not be exceeded.
‘One step.’
After stopping the universe for a moment, Nane took one last step on the ground and looked up at the sky.
“Realized.”
Kar value 99.99%.
While everyone watched with bated breath, Nane pointed to the sky with her right hand and the ground with her left and said,
“Heaven and Heaven and Earth, infants alone.”
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 710 - 19,000 Worlds (4) 1.txt
===============================
[710] 19,000 Worlds (4)
* * *
Labyrinth Jessica.
In Molton, a beautiful kingdom adjacent to the Mediterranean Sea to the north, there is the remains of a giant, one of the world’s three great labyrinths.
Ever since the great hunter Jessica first discovered this place, the giant’s ruins have been the utopia of countless hunters.
Some people know about heaven and some don’t, but it was an established fact that many ancient weapons were buried here.
Even when Jin Seong-eum arrived at Jessica, numerous tents were camped around the huge pyramid.
Merchants opened a stall to provide their convenience, and farther away was the building of the Morton Kingdom’s Relic Restoration Department.
“Jessica is also an unconquered labyrinth. However, unlike the other three labyrinths, it is also a place where you can make money.”
At the words of Mungyeong, the leader of ‘Sambo’, Jin Seong-eum breathed cleanly and looked at Jessica’s pyramid.
Her large, sideways eyes were ferocious like those of a cat, and her tightly pursed lips were as red as raspberries.
As is often the case with Eastern women, she was small in stature, but with a long neck, her proportions were beautiful, and her fists were always clenched.
‘The Lady of Steel.’
Mungyeong admired Jinseongeum.
‘I don’t think I dare have you.’
The distance that Seongeum allowed him was three steps.
As the captain of the princess’s bodyguard, if there was a wish, it was to take one more step closer to her before dying.
‘It was a life that started at ten steps.’
It was the minimum distance that could protect the sacred sound by force.
‘Gubo, eightbo, sevenbo… … .’
The voice in the six steps was different, and the voice in the five steps was different.
With each step they took, their admiration grew, and it was only when they reached the third step that they could understand her.
‘I will protect it.’
Mungyeong could not imagine what Seongeum would look like when she reached this treasure that no man allowed.
“Come in. Time to put the ivory tower to the test.”
When Seong-eum looked back, 200 members of the SS, including 20 members of the Sambo, bent their knees all at once.
“You guys will stay here. I alone am enough.”
Mungyeong shook his head.
“That is not to be said. I do not doubt the princess’s skills, but Jessica is a place where unscrupulous hunters are infested. Please don’t mess with your heart by getting caught up in the weary tricks.”
There was anger in Seongeum’s eyes.
“Mungyeong, I am not a flower that needs to be pampered. The despicable schemes and the tricks of the men are things I have to overcome. Otherwise, how can you be considered a candidate for the ivory tower?”
Mungyeong knew that no matter how strong the hunters were, they would not be opponents of Seongeum.
According to the analysis of the Jincheon Space Agency, it was the theory that no one could beat Seongeum when the three candidates competed individually.
‘Those who rule the space have no weaknesses. but… … .’
I just hated it.
It was unbearably embarrassing to even see the true voice of a mere rogue.
“If that’s the case, keep at least the three treasures by your side. Anyway, this is also a competition. We will take care of miscellaneous matters.”
Seong-eum has a personality that doesn’t break his stubbornness easily at anyone’s words, but he couldn’t be cold-hearted towards the three steps he admitted himself.
“I get it. In that case, only the people of the Three Treasures follow me.”
Mungyeong, who had tears in her eyes at the overwhelming emotion, hit her head until blood gushed out on the ground.
“I will give my life to help!”
Seong-eum looked down at Mungyeong indifferently, but for a moment, the warm breeze of spring seemed to pass through her eyes.
“let’s go. It would be nice to have La Enemy here.”
“It will definitely happen. Isn’t the princess the one chosen by heaven?”
“Whoops, sounds like eunuchs… … .”
The princess of the Jincheon Empire moved toward the pyramid.
* * *
Labyrinth Andre – World No. 1.
When Sirone first arrived, what greeted him was the roar of a volcanic eruption that shook the world.
“here is… … ?”
It was Sirone who unlocked the door with the number 1 on the panel with the Ultima System and entered.
Oxygen much denser than the existing world.
Tropical forests stretched out to great heights and scales, and burning rocks flew in the sky.
Aaaaaaaaa!
When I raised my head at the grotesque sound from the sky, the monster creature over 40 meters in length quickly moved away.
“Dragon?”
When Sirone doubted her eyes and put on a blank expression, the bushes swayed and the face of a dragon with blue scales popped out of nowhere.
“Big uh… … .”
Goose bumps ran down my spine the moment I saw the machine-like eyes of an emotionless reptile.
Language was transmitted through the Ultima system.
“You are a strange person.”
The first thing I could tell was that it was, at least, a world inhabited by humans.
“Who are you?”
The dragon opened his mouth after thinking for a long time as if it was a fairly difficult question.
“Why aren’t you afraid?”
As far as dragons knew, humans were so weak that they feared even smaller animals than themselves.
“Where is this?”
Of course, Sirone was also nervous about the dragon, but he was a human who came from a world ruled by reason.
“now I get it. you are from another world That’s why you don’t know how strong I am.”
Sirone took on a bright color.
“yes! that’s right! What kind of place is this… … .”
“Die, you insignificant human being.”
The dragon’s mouth opened wide, and the flame’s breath instantly burned the forest to ashes.
“Anyway, a weak race… … .”
The dragon’s eyes, which turned around while licking his lips, caught something and quickly looked to the side.
Sirone, who evaded by teleportation, was frowning.
“how… … ?”
Are humans causing changes to the status quo that only dragons can do?
‘No, it’s not that kind of problem.’
What remained as an afterimage on the dragon’s retina was a phenomenon in which the human body turned into light and moved at tremendous speed.
“Sudden attack! What are you doing?”
The power of the breath itself was no different from that of modern dragons, so Sirone’s voice naturally rose.
“It can’t be.”
The dragon, unable to accept the truth, opened its mouth wide again and fired its breath.
“this… … !”
In the end, Shirone, who couldn’t stand it, responded with a photon cannon, and after that, a fierce battle unfolded for several minutes.
“Quaaaaaang!”
The dragon, which was hit on the side by the homing photon cannon, broke a tree and was pushed away.
Hearing the dragon’s roar, the creatures of the forest shook the vegetation with a sound like scratching an iron plate with a nail.
“It can’t be!”
Although he had interacted with many dragons, he had never heard of being pushed back by humans.
It is a completely new idea that is impossible even to imagine.
“It can’t be!”
The dragon, feeling anger for the first time in its life, twisted its body toward Sirone, and at the same time, the angel’s punishment fell.
Aaaaaaaang!
“… … !”
When the spear of light penetrated, his mouth opened so much that his jaw fell out, but the impact was so great that not even a sound came out.
‘Die! Die! Die!’
The fear of death caused an earthquake in his pupils, and he moved his legs with deadly will while feeling his muscles paralyzed.
“Aaaaaang! Aaaaaang!”
Instead of chasing after the dragon that ran away into the forest, Sirone thought with a serious expression on her face.
‘Am I unable to fly?’
Some dragons in reality had degenerated wings, but were still able to fly through dragon language magic.
“The Age of Dragons.”
What Sirone could guess from the knowledge he had learned was the primitive planet where dragons ruled the world.
“How far in the past have you come?”
It was a moment of silence, and Sirone shook her head and flew up into the sky.
As Rian and Kido were defending with all their might, he had to find a way to break the seal as quickly as possible.
‘I knew about humans.’
The flame of the huge wings burned on Sirone’s shoulders as she looked around in search of a human settlement.
‘I need to find a place with water.’
It curled up like wings of light wrapped around her body, then shot Sirone like an arrow, pushing the air out with a bang.
* * *
Labyrinth Andre – World No. 283.
“There is no end.”
The huge green barrier blocking my eyes never looked like a huge plant.
It was just a normal weed that took root in the ground, and that’s why Sirone got smaller.
Boo woo woo!
As the air vibrated louder than thunder, Sirone hurriedly fell to the ground.
Then he stared blankly at the gigantic wasp, which looked well five times bigger than himself, brushing his back and moving away.
‘What the hell is this… … .’
As he cut the tens of centimeters of tall grass that blocked his eyes with the wind cutter, the familiar but completely different earth of the forest floor stretched out beyond sight.
“The prison of time and space.”
It is not just moving time and space, but expanding it by focusing on a specific time and space.
“What are you talking about here?”
Casting fly magic, he landed on top of a blade of grass, but the gentle breeze alone made his body shake.
“… … ! … … !”
Sensing the movement of numerous objects through the Spirit Zone, Sirone immediately activated the Ultima System.
“Enemy in sight! Enemy in sight!”
“Report coordinates! excuse me! excuse me!”
Sensing numerous signals rushing in like a clamor, Sirone looked down at the ground and was stunned.
“I-what is that?”
A good 10,000 ants were gathering around the blade of grass in a row.
“Report of the allied bees! A completely unknown insect has invaded our territory! Stop it quickly!”
‘… … I can roughly understand.’
It was a system at the bottom of the caste system from the universe to the natural world and from the natural world to the living world.
“Come down! You are surrounded!”
The ants, who climbed up the grass everywhere and occupied the advantage of the high ground, stuck out their butts.
“Let’s shoot our formic acid!”
“Shoot straight! Shoot straight!”
Hundreds of drops of acid fired like a cannon, and Sirone soared into the sky in annoyance.
“I’m really going crazy!”
Looking down at the ants relentlessly shooting formic acid, Sirone loaded the photon cannon into the palm of her hand.
‘There is no end anyway.’
It was a truly miserable feeling to kill tens of thousands of lives, even if they were insects.
“Wait a minute! Let’s solve it through our conversation!”
“Shoot straight! Shoot straight!”
The language of the ants was decoded by the Ultima system, but the ants could not detect Sirone’s voice.
“Let’s call the allied bees! Let’s get rid of it with a bee sting!”
‘Is this getting serious?’
If World 283 was the lowest system in the biological world, there was little chance of encountering humans.
‘I have to find a way to break the seal here somehow.’
I don’t know what kind of conversation I could have with the ant, but if I failed, I couldn’t guarantee the lives of Lian and Kido.
Sirone, who went down to the ground, raised her hand and said.
“Call the representative. therefore… … okay! Queen! I want to meet your queen.”
The shelling of formic acid stopped.
“Did it go through?”
It’s been awhile since I’ve had that kind of misunderstanding when I see ants sharing their opinions with their antennae.
“Get out of the way! I will punish the intruder with this body!”
As the sea parted in a place full of ants, the road opened and a huge soldier ant with a sharp upper jaw appeared.
“He appeared! Garnet Colony’s best warrior, 13th night!”
Numerous ants sprayed pheromone containing the information of number 13 all over the place, and I was in a state of confusion.
‘The best warrior?’
After examining the thirteenth night with her front legs raised and her chin snapping, Sirone nodded.
‘indeed… … .’
Looking at the aura rising from the gigantic size, it was definitely an ant with mastery of incarnation.
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 711 - 19,000 Worlds (5).txt
===============================
[711] 19,000 Worlds (5)
The 13th night of Soldier Ant.
Born in the early days of Queen Garnet’s colony, she was a battle master who annihilated thousands of enemy ants.
Currently, he serves as the captain of Garnet’s direct escort, but it was not unusual for him to go directly to the appearance of a new enemy, as he was naturally fond of battle.
The thirteenth night, which approached with great strides, pointed its antennae at Sirone and paid attention.
Even if the antenna accepts a lot of information, in the end it is just a functional evolution of the five senses.
It was impossible to know what Sirone was thinking just by groping his body.
“Who the hell are you? Why did you invade the Garnet Colony?”
The pheromone of the 13th night was deciphered through the Ultima system, but Sirone had no means to communicate his thoughts.
‘What should I do with this?’
While worrying, Sirone found a new solution in the act of ants running over her body with her antennae.
‘perhaps… … .’
As Sirone raised her hands slowly as if not intending to attack, as she concentrated, two tentacles resembling ant antennae extended from Armand’s robes.
‘Small world creation.’
Armand’s function, which had been connected to numerous systems so far, might be able to communicate with ants.
“What is this again?”
The thirteenth night activated a vigilant posture at the two tentacles that ran over Sirone’s left and right shoulders.
‘My breath stops.’
The ant’s life was chaos itself and was also so pure, it felt like watching Nade’s magic fairy tale.
Since she had already experienced it, she was able to calm down a bit, and Sirone carefully connected her tentacles to her antennae.
“Huh!”
Different systems exchanged information just by brushing, and the 13th night shuddered.
– Detection of new language systems. Building an interpreter program. interface creation and ejection.
At the same time as Armand’s signal, the robe swelled up and an organic sphere with nerves like hair protruded.
-Except artificial brain (language interpreter version).
“What have you done to me?”
At the feel of the feeler, which is completely different from that of other living creatures, the 13th night exploded and threw itself away.
“Wait a minute! now… … !”
When the jaws of the 13th night, which rushed at great speed, crossed like twin swords, Sirone hurriedly turned his upper body.
“It’s quite good!”
Sirone’s eyes widened when he saw the ant curling up into a ball and spinning its claws.
‘This is Kido’s… … ?’
Law of the Earth – Ant Hell.
“Kill! kill! Kill the enemy!”
Numerous ants emitted pheromones, but the signals were analyzed separately from the artificial brain, so they did not feel dizzy.
‘The problem is this ant.’
Around the rotating 13th night, it seemed that all the surrounding space was being sucked in.
Eventually, as the scenery was denied, the illusion of the land being tangled like a skein came into view.
‘wow… … !’
Shirone sincerely admired the stage she had reached in the body of an ant instead of a human.
The world was shaking up and down, and the soil on all sides stood up, blocking all the places where Sirone could escape.
Although such a phenomenon did not actually occur, the world’s law was announcing Movement Zero through Denai.
‘Choeni Bardo!’
As the other side world opened, another route that was different from this world was born to Sirone’s senses.
“what?”
The 13th night stopped spinning and tilted its head.
Obviously, the movement was blocked by the Law of the Earth, but Sirone was nowhere to be seen.
“I don’t want to fight.”
The 13th night, feeling the pheromone, shuddered and looked back, and Sirone had already settled down.
“… … .”
Numerous ants watched with bated breath, and the 13th night was realized using the superior insect senses.
“you… … You are doing the same thing as me.”
The thirteenth night does not know how it acquired the art of assimilation with the earth.
It was only that he realized the reason for life by fighting numerous wars and returning enemy ants to the soil.
“okay. I lived the same life as you.”
Even though these systems are only subordinate to humans, the essence is not different.
‘There is nothing insignificant. I just don’t want to look into it.’
Recalling Miro’s teachings, Sirone politely requested the 13th night.
“I am from another world. And I want to know how to get back to the original world again. Take me to your king.”
“To the Queen?”
It’s fortunate that the conversation goes through, but the queen is in a decrepit state and the opponent is strong.
‘But there is no hostility.’
Only the nature of the incarnation transmitted through Sirone’s antennae in a fleeting moment was the basis for trust.
“I don’t have the ability to let you meet the queen.”
Among the female ants, the royal family of the colony, only those in the top 10 were able to have an audience with the queen.
“I could die. Because the royal family is conservative and considers the invasion of other races unclean.”
It felt like society was the same everywhere, but Sirone didn’t worry about that.
“But you are the strong one. I can convince them.”
The 13th night shook its head.
“I don’t understand. not subject to persuasion The royal family will one day build a colony… … .”
The ant’s pheromones popped off.
‘If it’s Merrot-nim, maybe he’ll allow it.’
Merott, the number one member of the royal family, is an ant with a beautiful appearance and a noble character, and is respected by the people.
However, the ‘engagement’ competition between nobles (male ants) was fierce, so if you took a creature with a male and female, you wouldn’t stand still.
“There is one way. to take you into war slavery. Then the nobles won’t mind.”
Even so, it was true that it was dangerous, but Sirone had no other options unless she wanted to live here forever.
“good. I’ll leave the treatment up to you. Just let me meet the queen.”
“… … Follow me.”
As the 13th night turned around, the worker ants split left and right as if they had received a signal.
* * *
In front of Andrew’s entrance.
Kido, who was dealing with the Maga bandits, had no time to catch his breath even for a second, and his face was pale due to lack of oxygen.
‘no. I can’t stand it.’
After paying hundreds of sums, one is being cut down, but 38 people have only reduced to 32 people.
In Kido’s experience, it was as if it hadn’t diminished, and in particular, the vice-captain’s skills were far stronger than his own when viewed objectively.
“Break through! Open the entrance!”
All Kido could do was use the terrain at the entrance to desperately block it.
‘Blade Hell!’
Rolling the ground and swinging the spear, the thieves retreated for a moment, but their physical strength remained intact.
After confirming that the rotation speed had decreased, the vice-captain drew his sword first and charged.
“Now! Kill!”
“Keugh!”
In a situation where he was desperate to be decapitated, Kido had no choice but to give up the entrance and retreat.
‘It’s a big deal. If this… … .’
As all the thieves occupied a large space, the number of enemies to deal with increased to all.
“If you obediently bow down and pray, I’ll cut your throat with a single sword.”
Seeing the vice-captain approaching with his sword hanging down, Kido felt his entire body draining of strength.
‘I’m not afraid to die. but… … .’
If Kido dies, Sirone dies too.
“I went in thinking I would protect you.”
The hand holding the spear trembled, and tears flowed at the thought of not being able to stop it.
“He fought well. Stop dying.”
When Sirone’s death came to reality, Kido felt fear for the first time in his life.
It was terribly frightening to see Sirone die.
‘I have to protect it.’
The life of others held in the goblin’s cold heart was as hot as a huge lump of charcoal.
it’s mind
“Please save Sirone. ‘Cause I’ll do anything Please don’t kill Sirone. I mean, you trusted me.”
Falling snowflakes soaked the ground.
“… … I regret that.”
The vice-captain sincerely sympathized with Kido.
“When I die, I can forget everything.”
Having shown the only mercy a human can give, he slowly walked up and raised his sword.
‘water. I want to drink water.’
As the life of Sirone swallowed by his chest burned, Kido felt a terrible thirst to the point of going insane.
“My throat… … sore throat… … !”
“die.”
The moment the vice-captain was about to strike the sword, Kido raised his head with bloodshot red eyes.
‘what?’
The goblin’s afterimage shook like a haze, and the surrounding land began to sway like waves.
Feeling threatened by the unexpected change, the leader struck down his sword as quickly as a flash.
“Quaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!”
After revealing an illusion that the ground affected by the denai turns into a swamp, he pulled the lower body of the thieves.
The Law of the Earth – The Earth Command.
“Shit! what! feet… … !”
As the thieves struggled in the illusion of endlessly falling into the swamp, the vice-captain shouted.
“Wake! It is just an optical illusion of the law!”
Gravity, which acts equally on the land, was jumbled together, giving the illusion of falling into a swamp.
‘This is great axing! How could something like a goblin be like this… … !’
“Quaaaaaaaa!”
Kido straightened his upper body and looked up at the ceiling with shocked eyes.
‘Filled! Filled!’
For an instant, a feeling of refreshment surged through my heart that had been burned as if it had turned to ashes, and I tasted the greatest joy of my life.
It was the moment when the spirit of the goblin, which cycled through the cycle of eating and breeding, sucked in the heart and expanded into a larger world.
‘This is the heart.’
As the dried up earth sucks up rainwater, the power of axing soared as his heart filled with love.
“Put your distance!”
The vice-captain and members managed to overcome the axing, but the feeling of walking in a swamp was impossible to adapt to right away.
Whirling. Whirling.
Everyone raised their heads at the sound of the flute and saw Kido swinging his spear and laughing.
‘I understand now, Sirone. It means being human.’
The sound of the flute stopped, and Kido, who had fixed the spear, held out a hand and beckoned for him to come in.
“Have a good trip.”
Kido learned what love is.
* * *
Labyrinth Pytharos.
Nane looked for a moment at the entrance of the dark cave, where all the turbid energy of this world flowed.
Having reached the stage of infant independence, he had the experience of the world disappearing and being reborn every time he blinked.
‘There is no universe without me.’
But is that really all?
‘If just closing your eyes is the end, why do we exist in this world?’
Nane’s journey, which started from an extremely low experience, was coming to an end in front of the existence value of the universe.
As soon as I stepped into the darkness of the labyrinth, I felt the feeling of falling endlessly.
lowlands of the law.
It felt like my ego was collapsing just by standing on top of the hole where the energy of corruption was being sucked in.
‘Falling means… … .’
There was only one thing I could think of, since no natural cave would ever make a hole this deep.
“It’s the other side of the world.”
Finally, the feeling of falling was over, and an unfamiliar landscape that was completely different from reality unfolded before my eyes.
The blood-red flames burned without even fuel, and the inside was intricately connected with wire mesh and steel frames burned by the heat.
“Sah, save me! Aaaaaaagh!”
“Aaaaaaaa! rather kill it! Please kill me!”
Hearing people’s terrible screams, Nane continued to walk without changing his complexion.
In the world of the spirit, even the death of the body cannot be extinguished.
“no! no!”
The monks and explorers who had entered the labyrinth so far were being subjected to such terrible things that their egos collapsed.
‘Is it hell?’
Pytharos Basement 1st floor.
It was the hell of lust, one of the seven sins created by the fallen law of man.
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 712 - What You Get (1).txt
===============================
[712] What do you get? (One)
The laws that flowed into the lowlands formed layers from the basement of the labyrinth like liquids of different densities.
The entire floor was the 7th floor, but there was no way for Nane to know that fact.
Another question popped up in Nane’s mind as he gazed at the landscape embodying extremely human suffering.
‘What is a human being?’
The things committed on the first basement floor are perhaps the most powerful violence that can be inflicted on human dignity.
“Aww! Please stop!”
The monks who followed the will of goodness, the wizards with cool-headed reason, and the swordsmen of faith were all screaming.
‘Why am I suffering?’
The irony of this world was the sight of humans struggling in a man-made hell.
‘In this empty world that disappears when you close your eyes.’
“Keuk, it’s been a while since a new recruit came in.”
The inhabitants of the other side of the world living on the first basement level of Pytharos waddled around with excited faces.
There were no intact limbs as if a stuffed toy had been sewn together, and it was holding an ugly hook.
The tool, which was used in a butcher’s shop to dip and pull meat, was faithfully performing its role in the flames everywhere.
“Welcome, human. I will destroy your spirit.”
Nane did not know the language of the inhabitants.
The meaning of language disappears when you know exactly what to do and the logic of the world.
“Send the poor sentient beings outside.”
The villagers, who had long enjoyed human voices, understood Nane’s words.
“outside?”
Residents stuck out their tongues and burst into laughter.
“This is a very interesting toy. Do you know what those guys who said that ended up saying?”
A villager with bulging eyes imitated a human.
“Please save me!”
The villagers held their navels and laughed, but Nane just calmly moved on.
“Will there be the truth I seek at the end of hell?”
La Enemy was supposed to be waiting for Nane in the deepest part of Pytharos.
“Isn’t it also a karma given to me to save them from the man-made human hell?”
The inhabitants of the underworld held out their hooks.
“If you can hold on, I will let you go. But I assure you, you too will beg for it with tears of blood.”
“There is no pain I don’t know about.”
Someone raised a hook and slammed it on the back, sparks in Nane’s eyes.
‘Why were you born?’
Destiny, the wheel of the law.
‘What is beyond the gigantic reincarnation?’
Kar value 99.999%.
* * *
After entering Jessica’s pyramid, Seong-eum and the others looked up at the ceiling with floating clouds.
“There is a sky.”
It was an artificial sky.
Mungyeong, the leader of the three treasures, pointed to the endless horizon and said.
“It is a very large place. Rumors are not exaggerated.”
To a giant it was just a city, but by human standards it was the size of a kingdom.
“Size is meaningless to me.”
To Jin Seong-eum, who realized etheric waves, space was like an infinite rubber band that could be stretched and shortened at will.
“Is there really La Enemy here?”
“Does not matter. You can search the whole world.”
As long as La Enemy existed, it would eventually appear before her eyes.
“If you look at the city of giants, it will be enough… … .”
As the voice focused his mind, waves of ether were transmitted and numerous objects were sensed.
“Look at work first.”
Etheric wave-chukji.
As the scenery in front of me was crumpled, a distance of nearly 4 kilometers was pushed in front of my eyes in an instant.
“What are you guys doing!”
Outside the boundary line where the two landscapes met disparately, a group of people drew their weapons and glared at the voice.
Arriving at Jessica’s first base camp with one step, she looked around and said.
“I am Jin Seong-eum, the princess of the Jincheon Empire. From now on, Jessica will be occupied by me, so I ask for your cooperation.”
The Hunters who were encamped blinked their eyes while the Sambo’s Royal Guard waited for an answer with a solemn expression.
“Princess? Jincheon Empire?”
The leader of the hunters shook their shoulders.
“Quack. Guys, have you heard? It’s the princess, the princess.”
Of course, it’s not that I didn’t believe Seongeum’s words, but in Labyrinth Jessica, the outside title didn’t matter at all.
“Hey, stupid princess. Do you know where this is? No, do you know how many guys we killed in one year to take over this base camp?”
At the place where Seongeum turned his head, the ashes of 200 people were piled up like a mountain.
“I regret that.”
“what?”
“My destination is the end of the labyrinth. It has nothing to do with you who are sluggish in a place like this. tell me what you know Then I will pass quietly.”
“I’m going crazy, really.”
Even if you don’t have to think of the hunters’ saying that ‘information is almost everything’, there is such a thing as commercial morality.
“Guys, I need to warm up after a long time.”
Sambo’s soldiers, sensing the Hunter’s murderous intent, took out their weapons, and Seongeum spread her hands to the side and moved forward.
“Don’t interfere. This is my fight.”
That was the condition, and the hunters who grasped the gap in Sambo’s hesitation jumped at Seong-eum and swung their swords.
“Die, stupid woman!”
Dozens of swords swung like flashes.
“Gagging!”
At the same time that the slashing was over, all Hunters except for the leader’s head fell off.
“Uh, how… … ?”
The leader couldn’t believe it even after seeing it with his own eyes.
The sword that was supposed to cut the voice suddenly disappeared, appearing from behind each of them and cutting their own throats.
‘Invincible.’
These were the words that popped into Mungyeong’s head.
‘If space is bent, any attack is useless. The person who will unite the world is the Jin Seong-eum of Jincheon.’
Seong-eum, who had dealt with the hunters, moved to the leader who was trembling with a pale face.
“Tell me what you know.”
“Hee!”
“If you honestly share the information, your life will be spared.”
The leader inspected the bodies of his slain comrades and spoke with a resigned expression.
“This is the remains of a giant.”
According to their research, Jessica is made up of 10 zones that spread like concentric circles.
“The scale of the structure grows as you cross the boundary. From step 6, it is said to be smaller again, but I have not confirmed it. However, the quality of the ancient weapons excavated will be significantly higher.”
“Ancient weapons are out of the question. However, the 10 districts seem to represent the sake of an anecdote.”
“Maybe.”
It was only natural that Ymir, who was the only person in heaven’s history to break through level 10, would come to mind.
Seong-eum passed by the leader and said.
“As promised, I will spare your life.”
The relief of having lived was short-lived, but seeing the decapitated comrades made me realize that I had lost everything.
‘These beggars! If I leave alone, are you telling me to be beaten to death by your family?’
They went through countless battles over the course of a year and built trust that was deeper than that of their brothers, but they didn’t mean to be funny, and they killed themselves by killing themselves.
‘I’m going crazy!’
The swelling was dense.
‘Yes, hold on! How did you save your life! Just tolerating it like garbage… … like maggots… … .’
The sword that fell on the floor held out the handle as if tempting, and without realizing it, both feet kicked the ground.
“Should I live?”
The moment when the leader flew over the top of Seongeum’s head and put his soul into the sword and slashed it down vertically.
Ether Wave – Nagok.
As the space refracted, the central part of the blade contained in it curved high like a mountain.
“… … .”
The leader, who landed on the floor with a sword-swinging posture, trembled as he caught the blade that had bent to the height of Seongeum in his eyes.
“Damn it… … ! this… … What the hell!”
He wept sadly as he waited for the dog’s death.
“Are you resentful because your colleagues died?”
As Seongeum slowly turned around, the leader lifted up his tear-stained face.
“Kill!”
“no.”
Seongeum sat on one knee in front of the leader and gently touched his head.
“Live.”
The leader’s face darkened.
“I said I would not kill you. Whether you seek revenge or devote your life to revenge, I will not kill you. That is the princess of Jincheon, Jin Seong-eum.”
Jin Seong-eum is the only person in the world who can promise never to kill, no matter what harm is done.
‘How tall is this woman?’
Seong-eum, who got up again, sensed the next boundary with an etheric wave and cast Chukji.
Space was pushed again, and a second step was taken to explore Jessica.
Watching the scenery return to its place like a rubber band bouncing, the leader washed away the resentment in his heart.
‘Revenge is… … .’
I couldn’t even dream.
* * *
Labyrinth Andre – World No. 847.
Arriving at a city called Codename, Sirone is being pursued by countless people with numbers engraved on their foreheads.
“An innumerable number of people! Catch it!”
Some of the 19,000 worlds seemed to evolve independently, uninterrupted by other worlds.
And the codename was a world of perfect inequality.
“How dare you reject number 427,621!”
All human beings in this city are assigned a number according to their value from birth, and no two numbers are the same.
In other words, all humans from the greatest No. 1 to No. 427,620 are distinguished by superiority and inferiority.
‘What a crazy world!’
Those armed and chasing after them had code numbers of 230,000, which corresponded to the middle class of the city.
After teleporting, Sirone climbed onto the roof of a brick building and jumped down an alley.
The beggar who was leaning against the wall looked at Sirone’s forehead in surprise.
“The code… … .”
It took a short time, but Sirone checked the beggar’s forehead to see if he had adapted to this world, and saw the number 417,631.
“You bastard! A bastard inferior to me!”
The beggar pulled Sirone’s clothes.
“Give it up! it’s all mine! Give me something to eat! And work for me in the future! Bring the money and give it!”
At that time, the pursuers who heard the beggar’s voice occupied the alley with their armor rattling.
“There it is! Catch it!”
“Hee! 230,000 times!”
The frightened beggar fell flat on his face and bowed his head.
“Please save me! I am a lowly beggar! Please don’t kill me!”
As Sirone adjusted her collar and ran through the alley again, the pursuers followed after her, not paying attention to the beggar.
‘What is the replacement number?’
According to my research so far, numbers are absolute in this city, and even murder is not a crime.
However, in special cases, a new number can be given, and that is exchange and acquisition.
An exchange is an exchange of numbers between a superior human and an inferior human, usually determined through a duel.
Acquisition was far more extreme, it seemed, that an inferior man could register with the authorities as beheading a superior man.
‘If we run away like this, there will be no end.’
In this place, Musuin was a sin just by existing, and everyone who saw Sirone turned on the light in their eyes and rushed.
“Get out of the way! Move!”
The reason why they couldn’t escape easily was because of the strange ability used by the residents of the code name.
‘I can’t feel the Spirit Zone… … .’
As the knights leaped high into the sky and threw flames at Sirone, a pillar of fire soared from the ground.
“You fool! If the higher up gets hit, what are you going to do, shoot the fire!”
“sorry! Please save my life!”
Shirone sneered at the nonsense that wasn’t even funny and threw herself away when the door of the store suddenly opened.
“this… … !”
Armand’s body strengthening ability stopped hastily, and the girl screamed in surprise.
“It’s a surprise! what?”
Although the rules of the code name were annoyed by Sirone, she couldn’t stop her eyes from moving to her forehead.
‘I’m really going crazy!’
The number 97 was written on his tall forehead.
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 713 - What You Get (2) 1.txt
===============================
[713] What do you get? (2)
“Lang… … !”
someone shouted.
“It’s a ranker!”
The moment they saw the number 97 written on the woman’s forehead, everyone around them fell to the floor.
“Noble One!”
The pursuers who were chasing after them had already noticed, and they were trembling with their limbs attached to the ground at a distance.
According to Syrone’s prediction, the city’s population was 427,620, and the girl in front of him was the 97th superior among them.
“What’s up, Panika?”
-Codename 97 Panica.
A girl of the same age who came out of the store later approached Panika and looked around with a surprised expression.
“Oh, why are there so many people?”
The number 113 was written on her forehead, which was lower than Panica, and Sirone guessed based on that fact.
‘Does humanity remain?’
Of course, if Panika wants to harm Number 113, it won’t be a crime no matter what she does.
“I do not know either. Suddenly this man… … .”
Pointing at Sirone, Panika stopped talking when she saw that there was no number written on her forehead.
“what? Unknown?”
It was a situation that needed an explanation, but the people lying on their faces around them were just silent, even breathing.
‘If you get caught by a ranker, it’s the end.’
Panica is known for not being the type to kill people for fun, but who knows?
Depending on the day, you may have a frizzy head, the food was tasteless, or you may just be in a bad mood today for no reason.
“you.”
When Panika pointed at someone, the man pointed out raised his head in amazement.
“yes! yes Mr. 97!”
His face with the number 324,801 written on it darkened like a person suffering from a fatal disease.
“Tell me what happened.”
“I will follow your orders!”
After organizing his thoughts during the time he got up, he swallowed his saliva and confessed what he knew.
“Hmm, that is to say, an unknown person has entered the city, and that person is… … .”
Panika finally spoke to Sirone.
“Is that you?”
“Can’t you just ask me from the beginning?”
Since I had already met a high number, Sirone was also thinking of getting information here.
“what? is it different? Are you from another city?”
Occasionally, there were cases in which a stranger from another city became a novice and flowed into the code name.
Even though the world is different, the thoughts are the same, so Sirone summoned the artificial brain and the language interpretation version.
‘Will it succeed?’
When Sirone pretended to pick it up with both hands, Panica grabbed Oe without a sign of fear.
‘It’s tremendous confidence.’
It seemed that there was nothing to be afraid of other than the code.
“that’s right. It’s my first time in this city. so i want to know Why do people have numbers written on their foreheads?”
Panika’s eyes were filled with interesting emotions as the outside vibrated and the language penetrated.
“Oh, it’s a unique power.”
It was an ability used by the inhabitants of the code name.
“Panica, let’s just kill it. A person who rejects numbers is filthy just to look at.”
Number 113 glared at Sirone ferociously and said, but Panika didn’t even consider it.
“no. If you’re from another city, better get a code name. It would be better than dying without a trace.”
“OK. That would be great.”
From 113, who changed words in an instant, Sirone realized that code is still the best.
“how is it? If you want to get the code, I can guide you.”
‘It’s certainly simple and easy.’
If somehow he was given a high code, he would be able to get all the information he needed in this world.
“Okay, guide me.”
After Sirone gave permission, Panika looked around and said.
“Everyone go away.”
As if a natural disaster had occurred, people jumped up and started running like crazy.
Unless numbers 1 through 96 appeared and gave special instructions, her orders would be in effect.
“Follow me. Let’s go to the temple.”
A temple stood under a pastel sky.
* * *
Labyrinth Andre – World No. 1583.
The place where Sirone arrived was a town called White Black with about 2,000 residents.
There is a special rule here, from the age of 14 and up, one of the white and black zones must be set.
“Do I have to decide too?”
“Of course. Because you’re over fourteen too.”
The white district, where everything is decided by voting, and the lawless black district, where even murder is allowed.
Unexpectedly, unlike the existing world, most of the residents chose white.
‘Well, who wants to live in black?’
Sirone also chose White, and the next day White’s village chief came to the house.
“There is an agreement between White and Black. It is to elect 10 representatives from each district and take a survival test.”
“Why do you have to do that?”
“Because nobody works in black. They take 80 percent of the town’s produce from the victorious district.”
“That is too cruel.”
“It was suggested by Black. If there is no such agreement, the blacks will plunder the white villagers.”
Very few residents choose Black, but they were brutal enough and were feared by White.
“And you were elected as one of White’s representatives. We will be leaving for Mount Anarky at midnight today.”
Sirone was bewildered.
“No, I also thought of the rules first… … .”
“It was decided by voting.”
The moment White denies the result of the vote, the distinction with Black disappears.
“This is how we live. You can appeal, but it won’t change anything. The number of white residents is 1,600.”
“What if I refuse?”
“You will be banished to Black. But we will pick 10 people there too, and there is a high chance that you will be selected by the logic of power.”
‘Whether they are elected by voting or by being beaten, that seems to be the case. Shall we investigate the black side instead?’
White or Black, Sirone was confident of winning no matter which area she chose, but for now, she postponed her judgment.
‘I should still participate.’
If this world was also isolated by Guffin with special criteria, knowing his intentions was the shortcut to unsealing it.
“What is the odds of winning?”
“Survival games have historically been played 843 times and White has a 51 percent lead.”
“51 percent? Is it higher than I thought?”
It was an achievement achieved by fighting against the people of the black district who committed murder as if they were eating rice.
“It’s the difference in earnestness. Blacks have a small population and the strong take it all, so 20% of their production is enough. But if White doesn’t get 80 percent, the family will have to starve all year.”
I had such a problem.
“Black is just jealous. In this way, it brings despair to the peaceful White. There are times when the really strong come out, but also the opposite. We must win.”
After leaving the village chief, Sirone thought to herself.
‘Because there is black, white can be peaceful, and without white, black cannot exist.’
Just as good and evil define each other and define themselves.
‘Is it the same no matter which one I choose?’
Time passed quickly like an arrow, and as midnight approached, Sirone appeared at the rendezvous.
“Whoa, you’re here.”
Hearing the sighs of the residents who were worried that they might have escaped, Sirone entered the plaza.
‘Five men including me. Is the sex ratio half and half the result of voting?’
The 9 delegates standing side by side were looking at Sirone with different emotions.
* * *
Labyrinth Andre – World No. 1.
Hearing the roar of the volcanic eruption, Sirone flew quickly over the lush forests of the protoplanet.
The smell of sulfur was so strong that I vomited, but the world was so wide that I had no time to rest.
‘It’s human.’
Aside from the fact that it used weapons and covered its genitals, it looked believable even if it was a monkey.
“Woo go go! Whoa, whoa!”
He was hunting with a sharpened tree, but when the beast attacked back, he screamed and scattered.
‘It’s still weak.’
The seven men gathered again in the place where the beast disappeared.
“Turn it off! Turn it off!”
He stomped on the ground with his feet like a child, and finally began to weep sadly.
Sirone opened the Ultima system.
“You have to starve today! hungry! I want to eat meat!”
The man with his teeth bared like a monkey shouted, punching the person next to him hard in the chest.
“Why did you run away! You meant to stab me!”
“When did I do that!”
In the end, a fight broke out, and unlike the wild beast that couldn’t move, terrifying punches came and went.
“Kuaaaaa!”
Trees snapped and the ground shook up and down as the body of the huge dragon landed.
“It’s a dragon! dragon! It’s a dragon!”
The humans who had stopped the fight drooled and became incontinent, then fell flat on the floor and shouted.
“Help me! Help me!”
To humans in this world, dragons were gods.
“Little things… … .”
As the dragon opened its mouth wide for a meal, the photon cannon struck him in the face.
“Great!”
The dragon hurriedly changed its direction due to the physical shock that could only be encountered in battles between its own kind.
“person… … liver?”
A bluish electricity flowed through the dragon’s eyes as he checked Sirone, and his mouth was firmly shut.
“… … .”
As it flapped its huge wings, the dragon’s body rose several meters.
“You are the one who came from another world.”
“How do you know me?”
The dragon’s mind is integrated into a network of binary numbers, and the experience of a specific entity is stored intact on the web.
“Our king will call you.”
As the dragon disappeared into the sky after saying that, the trembling humans raised their heads in disbelief.
“Ooh, ooh! Whoa, whoa!”
The cheers that clearly felt the joy of living did not even need to be analyzed with the Ultima system.
The humans who had gathered around Sirone danced and turned around, each sticking their noses in to smell it.
“wait for a sec… … I am… … .”
Just as she was thinking of ways to use it other than the artificial brain, a man touched Sirone’s lower leg.
“what are you doing?”
After confirming that they were men, they turned to each other and giggled, then pointed somewhere and dragged Sirone.
“He saved us. It makes us do good.”
“Good things? What is good?”
Even without special abilities, the humans who understood Sirone’s words perfectly shook their waists back and forth.
“No, wait! I don’t need any of that.”
Sirone waved his hand, but they reluctantly dragged them along, and soon arrived at a cave not too far away.
“It’s here! here! We got it!”
“Hey! Kyaaaaaagh!”
Syrone, who interpreted the angry woman’s screams as Ultima, opened her eyes with a surprised expression.
“Free me! You stupid monkeys!”
To the extent that people in this world were called monkeys, it meant that they came from another world or were special pioneers.
‘Who is it?’
Inside the cave, a bonfire was burning that was carefully guarded, and in the corner I saw a woman tied up with vines.
Her hair was shaggy, no different from any other human being, and no dignity could be found in her struggle.
‘Am I mistaken?’
Disappointment surged for a moment, and Sirone realized something in the woman’s eyes and felt his heart stop.
“Kyaaaaagh! Squeak! talent… … !”
The woman also stopped screaming as if shocked to see Sirone and managed to squeeze out the words.
“city… … as… … yes… … .”
The appearance was completely different, but the energy felt in the eyes was definitely Uorin’s.
‘No, it’s not Uorin.’
It was the first therases, Mitochondrial Eve.
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 714 - What You Get (3) 1.txt
===============================
[714] What do you get? (3)
* * *
Emperor Aganos.
Uorin, accompanied by Gando, visited the secret space called the 3.8th floor of Aganos.
When I opened the door and went in, there was a bed in a 20-pyeong room, and a great wizard, who would be surprised to hear his name, was trying to sleep.
The manager of the 3rd and 8th floors stooped and waddled up and greeted Urin.
“Are you here, Empress?”
“How are you?”
The manager confirmed the color of the light that floated on the magic crystal ball and bowed his head politely again.
The crystal ball, which was initially black, gradually became clearer.
“It is much faster than expected.”
The Archmage was currently paying Sirone’s debt through Fermi’s contract of depreciation.
A debt of 127 years was impossible with a human lifespan, but Uorin did not doubt it.
If that’s already happened, it’s just because it’s the logic of the world that it happened.
‘The key lies in the hexa.’
If the debt of Valhalla Action is time, not life span, then the time Hexa has to experience may be different from that of ordinary humans.
‘Sibulsang Bombing, maybe Andre, and maybe… … .’
Uorin avoided hasty assumptions.
“When will the debt repayment be completed?”
“It’s true that it’s faster than expected, but I can’t measure exactly how much it’s shortening.”
“Is it the relativity of time?”
Even if the archmage pays for the debt, the size of the debt will be flexible like a rubber band depending on Sirone’s growth rate.
This meant that the time Sirone experienced in Andre transcended the scope of ordinary people.
“I get it. Let’s move on to the next step. Report any special changes immediately.”
“Is it possible? I will monitor you 24 hours a day without eating, sleeping, or drinking water.”
“Of course it should.”
As Uorin turned and left the room, Gando cautiously asked.
“Aren’t you giving too much? When Valhalla Action’s debt ends, Sirone will only grow stronger. The sense of time and synergy will be enormous.”
Uorin smiled bitterly.
“Gando, do you know what the most powerful weapon in the world is? It can neither be defended nor evaded, and it can surely kill the moment it is stabbed.”
“Do you have such a weapon?”
“Yes.”
Uorin turned around and raised her index finger.
“It is trust.”
Gando felt like he had already been cut.
“No matter how wary a child may be, it is like leaving everything to him and falling asleep in front of his mother. The child has no idea that her mother could strangle her tonight or pierce her heart with her knife.”
“… … .”
Uorin turned around and walked away.
“Trust like this never fails, but that’s why it’s hard to build. If you can build it up by paying Valhalla Action’s debt, it’s cheap.”
“Sirone is not an easy opponent either.”
Uorin also admitted it.
“I’m fine with that now. I’m going to steer the debt contract. If you leave room for even a second of debt to be triggered, you can force Sirone into a moratorium at a crucial moment.”
Gando said worriedly.
“But can you really stab it? At the decisive moment… … Sirone’s heart.”
After all, since it cannot be stabbed, doesn’t the weapon of trust have absoluteness?
“I can stab you.”
Wu Lin was adamant.
“Theraze is trusted by many people, but no one trusts her. Gando, even if it’s you.”
Gando was a bit saddened, and he hoped that his words would apply to Sirone as well.
“Wouldn’t you like to sleep with Sirone?”
“Ahahaha!”
Uorin raised her head and smiled.
“love? Yes, it is not that we have never been in love throughout our long history. But it’s Gando.”
When he met Uorin’s eyes, Gando felt like he realized why she would never become human.
“What kind of life Therazé lived, you never know.”
* * *
Labyrinth Andre – World No. 1.
“Woo go go! Whoa, whoa!”
The humans of the primitive planet spoke to Sirone as if they were proud of their spoils, but they did not listen.
‘Those eyes are definitely Theraje.’
Anyone who has seen Theraje in person will do that.
“city… … as… … .”
Mitochondrial Eve, realizing something, instinctively turned away from Sirone.
Since it was in the early stages of development, her brain hadn’t even reached the realm of cool reason.
However, her genes, which will engrave countless history in the future, had a base event before the reset.
‘Maybe I can live a huge life.’
It was the wheel of the law, the fate that Mitochondrial Eve first realized in this world.
‘This should just go away. When the future changes… … .’
The bottom case she had was all right before the 3rd reset was implemented.
Therefore, this incident was the first time, and Sirone had the same thoughts as her.
‘He’s being wary of getting entangled with me.’
It is probably an emotion that operates in the realm of instinct, but the intention was clearly conveyed.
‘Maybe it’s not the first Theraze.’
If there is an ancestor, there may be other daughters besides the mitochondria in front of you now.
‘The problem is that I’m not sure of that.’
To the early mitochondrial Eve, who has no reason to analyze the underlying event, a protoplanet would be the culmination of confusion.
‘Will this woman become Uorin in the future?’
Or do we end up in the tombs of history in this cave as one of the many daughters of Mitochondrial Eve?
If the woman in front of me was a direct descendant of Uorin, history would save her even if I left her alone.
However, if Sirone is rescued, future Theraze may not become Uorin.
‘If it wasn’t for Uorin… … .’
It was not impossible for the history of the world to change, and the aftermath would affect Sirone as well.
“Ooh? Whoa, whoa!”
Finally, the words of the people of the protoplanet came to us.
“hurry! I am presenting it to you!”
I did not feel like blaming them, who were just taking their first steps as servants.
However, Sirone was not a person from this world, and she could not ignore the unreasonable things.
“Ooh! Whoa!”
The humans who stamped their feet as if they were angry shoved Shirone and gathered around Uorin.
‘Terase… … .’
In a world where there are moral principles, the eyes of Shirone were murderous in the face of a situation that would never be tolerated.
“stop. Doing this… … .”
“Ouch! Aagh!”
Mitochondrial Eve shook her head wildly.
‘go! just go! Leave me alone!’
Reason was not established, but the urge to send Sirone surged to the peak of his life.
Even so, when Sirone did not stop walking, in an instant, the animal’s nature was pierced, and the agony of reason broke out.
“Gaaaaaaa!”
Hearing the beast’s roar, Sirone bit his teeth and turned around and ran out of the cave.
“damn! damn!”
It was not just a matter of two people, but a matter of history.
* * *
“Mrs. Valhalla Action’s debt has fallen below 1 percent. You have to do it now.”
Waking up from a message from the 3rd and 8th floors, Uorin went down without even thinking about changing clothes.
‘It shouldn’t be even a little late.’
Gando immediately followed, and when they arrived in the room, the crystal ball became almost perfectly transparent.
‘Sooner or later the debt will be over. It will take a few more days to set the conditions. Now is your only chance.”
Valhalla Action’s debts are repaid, but it’s holding back the archmage’s time as he takes on the debts.
“I can’t hold on too long. Due to technical issues… … .”
“One second is enough.”
If Uorin could put Shirone into a moratorium for just one second at the time he wanted, it would be an instant to subdue him.
“Then I will receive Sirone’s genes.”
In the coercive way that so many men had done to Theraje in the name of love.
“It may not be a pretty sight, but… … .”
* * *
“What am I doing?”
Under the night sky of World 1, where the huge moon was floating, Sirone suddenly realized and turned.
“How stupid!”
Because the impact on the world was so great, my heart, which had been shaken for an instant, regained its place.
“Of course you have to save it!”
Even if this world advances to a different future, even if you are forever trapped in a moratorium… … .
‘That’s the right thing to do!’
As I flew through the sky at full speed and arrived at the cave, I heard Mitochondrial Eve’s scream.
‘I’m going to die like that!’
Maybe that was part of history, but Sirone didn’t hesitate any longer.
it’s mind
“stop! Free her of her!”
Feeling the hostility in the voice, the humans distorted their faces, baring their sharp teeth.
“This woman is ours!”
As soon as the horse jumped out, a flash of light passed them and crashed into the cave wall.
Kururrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr!
The roar that echoed in the small space startled the humans who recalled the daytime scene of meeting the dragon.
“Aww! help me! I don’t want to die!”
“Get off now!”
When he pointed outside the cave, everyone held their heads and quickly passed by Sirone.
“are you okay? Get your mind right.”
When Sirone untied the vines that bound Mitochondrial Eve, she attacked like a beast.
“Kyaaaa! Chiaaaaaa!”
It was a scream of resentment and anger.
“why! why did you save it! Why did you come back!”
Tears flowed from her eyes as she pounded on Sirone’s chest, although the meaning was different.
This might end a great life.
‘death!’
Having found a way to turn it around, she grabbed a large stone beside her and tried to hit her head.
‘I must die!’
Through countless generations, Theraze has achieved the spirit to end his life without hesitation… … .
‘scared… … .’
For the early mitochondrial Eve, death was such a frightening and hopeless thing.
“are you okay. Don’t worry about anything.”
Mitochondrial Eve, who put down the stone with a thump, slowly turned her head, and Sirone hugged her.
“I will protect you. No one will bother you.”
Aside from the incident that was still vague, she felt like she had swallowed something warm for the first time.
“Turn it off! Turn it off!”
Mitochondrial Eve, who buried her face in Sirone’s chest, howled like a beast and poured out sad tears.
* * *
“Then let’s begin.”
At the gathering of the best wizards, the manager of the 3.8th floor finished preparing to manipulate Sirone’s fan.
“Please give me instructions.”
Strangely, there was no answer.
It was Uorin who had been giving orders with cold eyes until just a moment ago, so Gando looked back curiously.
“The Empress?”
I thought it was unusual, so the question came out of nowhere.
“Why is that? Do you have any problem?”
Uorin was staring somewhere without even blinking, as if she had lost her life.
“Ah, ah… … .”
Seeing the empress shivering, everyone turned their heads with nervous expressions.
“why… … why is that… … .”
The spirit of Theraje, who has experienced countless lives, will not be able to shake even the gods.
“why… … why do you do that to me… … .”
The gigantic echo that exploded in the primeval beginning pushed something that had already been abandoned a long time ago back to the present.
‘no! I don’t love anyone!’
it’s mind
“I-I… … .”
Gando, as well as everyone present, opened their eyes wide in disbelief and looked at Urin.
“Oh, the Empress… … .”
It was the first time in her life Theraje’s tears.
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 715 - What You Get (4).txt
===============================
[715] What do you get? (4)
* * *
Labyrinth Andre – World No. 1.
Without knowing what would happen in the future, Sirone spoke to Mitochondrial Eve.
“Even if it’s not the you I know, I never regret it. So, let’s live to the fullest.”
If the Kar value is 90% or higher, there will be no regrets left in the judgment already made.
“Ooh. Ugaga go.”
Mitochondrial Eve’s locked voice was interpreted through the Ultima system.
“I don’t know. Maybe not me.”
She couldn’t even speak the language properly unless she desperately raised her brain function.
Therefore, even the person himself could not be sure who the main character of the future incident would be.
“are you okay. You will definitely become the Empress someday.”
Mitochondrial Eve slipped away and shyly turned her head away.
“Am I ugly?”
However, there was nothing I could say to address this kind of question.
“Uh, that… … .”
“know. you’re from a different era I can tell. And what I should do next.”
Mitochondrial Eve held Sirone’s hand.
“I will help you. How can I get back.”
I don’t know what the other world is like, but it was true that it was difficult to get information in the primitive age because it was limited.
‘I’m glad though. There’s someone I can talk to.’
As I smiled and held Mitochondrial Eve’s hand, I heard human screams outside the cave.
“Quaaaaa!”
These were the voices of those who had fled a moment ago.
“what?”
“Aaaaaang!”
At the dragon’s roar, Mitochondrial Eve jumped into Sirone’s arms.
“me… … I found it.”
As soon as she finished speaking, the dragon’s face filled the entrance of the cave.
Its long snout was covered with blue scales, and electricity flowed through its vertically slit amber pupils.
‘It’s different from other dragons.’
It was heinous, but there was a little more dignity in the sense of intimidation that was different from the wild.
“Here you are.”
The moment the electric gaze aimed at Mitochondrial Eve, Sirone suddenly realized.
‘perhaps… … .’
This mitochondrial Eve may not have been destined to die here in the first place.
“you?”
Emotions disappeared from the dragon’s face when it found Sirone, giving off a strong inanimate feeling.
“Quaaaaaaaa!”
The cave shook at the roar of the roar.
“Ahh! Aaaaang!”
The dragon’s roar was not one, but hit the brain one after another like an echo without loss of sound waves.
“Keuuugh!”
The violence inflicted by the sound caused Sirone to bite his molars and hug Mitochondrial Eve even more deeply.
“Come out, human from another world.”
It was my honest feeling that I didn’t want to go out.
“If you refuse, I will fire a thunderbolt breath into the cave. There will be no avoiding it. You don’t want that, do you?”
“let’s go.”
As we held each other’s hands tightly and walked out of the cave, the dragon’s face slipped to the side.
‘It’s a mountain beyond the mountain.’
In the end, even the battle was in mind, but hundreds of dragons were already encroaching on the sky.
‘No matter how bad it is.’
In reality, the number of dragons is known to exceed a thousand, but there were very few cases where there were more than two of them.
“Obey. Our core is coming.”
As the thunderbolt dragon said so and took flight, a huge shadow crept in from far away on the horizon.
“It is not a shadow.”
It was covered with black scales, and the dragons were huge enough to make them look small.
Woo woo woo!
The impact of the landing made the ground shake, and the dragon with its neck about 20 meters long soared high, looking down at the distant ground.
“A human from another world… … .”
Sirone’s body trembled as the power contained in her voice was transmitted through the Ultima system.
The power of language, which was on a different level from the dragons he had met so far, contained an energy that could overwhelm all things.
“I am Karatorsa, the unclassified dragon. How do you disrupt the world’s information?”
“no way… … .”
Mudeung Dragon Karatorsa.
In the world where Sirone lived, he was the king of dragons, existing only in myths within legends.
* * *
Labyrinth Andre – World No. 847.
“A power?”
On the way to the temple, Codename 97 Panika told Sirone what she was curious about.
“huh. Depending on how well suited to the divine authority, superiority and inferiority are divided, and a code is engraved on the forehead.”
“Then are there duplicates? For example, if I’m number 50, there might be people who are already number 50, right?”
“Are you number 50? Crunchy!”
Panika burst into laughter and covered her mouth.
“sorry. Because it’s such an absurd example. Anyway, if that happens, everyone will be pushed behind you by one rank.”
“It’s not like a tattoo. I mean the code.”
Panica pointed to her broad forehead.
“of course. This is a sign engraved by God himself. That’s why rankers are showing their foreheads. It is the symbol of the ruler.”
The shape of the bangs shaved along the forehead line was comical, but it was a natural trend in the city’s system.
“You mean you can use authority according to rank like that?”
“huh. The higher you go, the better your powers will be. There is no power below 400,000 units, but even if you enter only 300,000 units, the power is amplified and you can lift a heavy rock.”
If the physical force is different depending on the rank, it is understandable that the overthrow of the system has not happened so far.
“If you enter the 200,000 units, you can handle elements. Make fire or freeze water. If you enter 100,000 units, you can use both elements at the same time.”
Imagining an ever-rising pyramid of abilities, Syrone realized why people were terrified of number 97.
“Then what is a ranker… … ?”
“From 1st to 100th. They are people who use the ‘knowledge of God’, which is called the strongest authority. Me too.”
Panica demonstrated it himself.
“Basically, a ranker deals with all abilities up to 101st, but with one special addition. My power is a sphere object.”
An apple was caught in Panica’s hand.
“It’s the ability to turn what you think into an object.”
When Panica gave it to her to taste it, Sirone bit into the apple with a suspicious look.
‘Isn’t that a real apology?’
“You can make anything you want. jewelry, weapons and even explosives. However, as time passed, it withered a bit. So, these days, I’m obsessed with shopping.”
It was natural for people to be surprised when a ranker appeared in the middle-class town.
‘weird. It’s really strange.’
The ability called authority was different from the magic that Sirone knew, even from eating out the rules.
There must be plant wizards who can create apples, but only God was able to make everything happen just by thinking.
‘Is there really a God? no, maybe… … .’
Upon arriving at the temple, thinking of one possibility, the upper classes of the city were strolling around.
“Everyone from 500th place and above spends time here. It’s a place anyone can come, but I guess… … .”
It was a place where those with a low ranking did not know what would happen if they snooped around.
I saw numbers 467, 311, and 109, and the man named 37, now a frighteningly high ranking man, was also reading the newspaper leisurely.
“Hey, Panica. Who are you, sweetheart?”
In front of the temple gate, a sharp-looking man walked with his bangs cut short and his side hair down.
‘No. 9… … .’
It was ranked ninth out of over 400,000 people.
“Codename number 9 Gale. That person better be careful.”
Gail approached Panika and glanced at Sirone.
“What is this guy’s hair like? Not a ranker? where did he date? I didn’t know you were like this.”
The thought that there would be a myriad of people in the temple was something Gael couldn’t even dream of.
“What does it matter who I date? Get out of the way because you’re busy. Are you at Drain’s temple?”
Panica was visibly nervous.
“What are you so busy with? I need to get a stamp for going to work.”
When Gail grabbed Panica’s chin and kissed her, Sirone’s eyes lit up.
“stop! what are you doing now… … !”
Panika held out a palm to stop Sirone, and Gail said without parting her lips.
“haha! Why are you feeling bad? then take revenge Come to think of it, how many times are you? Will it be in the 100th?”
Panika, who felt threatened at the moment, risked her life and pushed Gale’s chest.
“Enough! Do it in moderation!”
“Are you being very picky in front of your lover? Shall we stick together? Maybe you can take number 9.”
The reason why friendship between superiors and subordinates is possible even though rank is everything is because of the ‘exchange and acquisition’ system that can obtain higher codes.
The higher you go to the top of the pyramid, the bigger the gap in skills, so it’s only natural that rankers want to avoid fights.
‘But not with Gail.’
Even so, the reason why Panica had no choice but to give her lips to Gale was because he was not an ordinary ranker, but a legendary ranker in the top 10 of the rankings.
Rankers in the 100th place in the ranking can use the highest authority, ‘God’s knowledge’, but if they go further and rank in the top 10, they will receive an additional power called ‘God’s Grace’.
‘If we fight, we lose unconditionally.’
No matter what, in the end, the most powerful force was the code, and Panika only resented the fate that was stamped on Gale.
“Isn’t it too much to engrave a number?”
At Sirone’s words, Gail turned around with an absurd expression.
“you… … What did you say now?”
“The number engraved on your ugly forehead. Anyway, aren’t you number 1 too? Don’t you think it’s too much?”
“Puhahahaha!”
Gail smiled and leaned back.
“but. Low guys like you won’t understand. Panika is a great privilege. You’ve probably played with every handsome guy you’ve met on the street. So are you.”
“I am not!”
Panica shouted with a red face.
“Well, even if it’s a matter of taste, it’s a very comfortable life with only 96 people above. Even the 10,000 generation kids live doing whatever they want to do. I don’t have sympathy for people like you, codename number 97.”
Is Panica Unlucky?
If she is unhappy, how are we to define the lives of the 427,000 people below number 97?
“I still can’t accept it. Whether the strong or the weak, it is bad for humans to bully humans.”
“ha. It really annoys me to hear.”
Gail, who had been caressing her forehead, approached at breakneck speed and lifted Sirone’s bangs.
“How many times have you pretended to be proud… … huh?”
Gail, who confirmed that there was no number, turned to Panika with an angry look.
“you… … How dare you bring a musu to the temple?”
“What’s the fuss?”
All the rankers stopped what they were doing and turned their heads at the voice heard from the side of the temple.
Panica’s face turned bright when a man with a good-looking appearance with neatly grown bangs came down the stairs.
“Mr. Drain!”
Codename 1 line.
He was the only absolute in this city who could not be guided by anyone.
“Long time no see, Panica. Tell me what’s going on.”
After hearing Panika’s explanation, Drain turned to Sirone and nodded.
“Right. It must have been embarrassing to say that he was incompetent. Sometimes people come across as codenames. follow me God will place you.”
Gail looked back at Sirone and pursed her lips.
“Be prepared. Once you get the code, even Mr. Drain won’t be able to meddle. At that time, I will step on you miserably.”
As they walked up the stairs with Sirone’s arms crossed, Panica came closer and whispered.
“Don’t worry too much. Even if a lower number comes up, I’ll be your friend. It won’t be hard to live with.”
“Yeah, thank you.”
Numbers seemed to be irrelevant now, but her words warmed my heart in the cold world of rankings.
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 716 - What You Get (5).txt
===============================
[716] What do you get? (5)
* * *
Emperor Aganos.
Uorin, who quickly returned to her room with a frantic gait, slammed the door shut and touched the dressing table with her hand.
“ha! ha!”
My heart was still beating fast.
‘Why the heart?’
It was the first time in 800 years that Theraze’s heart rate exceeded the normal level.
“no! no!”
It was an empire built after thousands of years of preparation, and it was the best body created through the genes of thousands of people.
How is your mind?
A spirit that transcends humans controls all emotions in this world, and conversely, no one can touch her emotions.
“I won’t give it. No one can win my heart!”
Gando opened the door and came in.
“Queen! What are you doing?”
It was the first time Uorin had shown panic, so Gando was almost terrified.
“It has to end now. If you miss the timing, you will lose the means to subdue Sirone.”
“… … .”
Uorin looked into the dressing table mirror.
‘Would he like it?’
Thinking that Sirone would judge this appearance made me feel dizzy and my heart pounding.
“The Empress.”
Uorin suddenly turned around.
“Gando, am I ugly?”
“yes?”
Gando frowned as if he was puzzled when he saw Uorin’s expression full of recall.
“Does it look pretty? How pretty do you look?”
‘What the hell is going on?’
It was Uorin who acquired the appearance of the most beautiful woman by scraping together all the superior genes that existed in the world.
‘Absolute confidence. A perfect human being.’
It was unbelievable that Theraje doubted his own appearance and even asked others.
‘This is dangerous. no, it’s not dangerous She’s still powerful, still perfect.’
Theraze is Theraze.
Gando did not know what the consequences of the smallest rift in the glorious empire would be.
* * *
Sirone followed Panika into the temple.
A statue presumed to be the god of the code name stood in a place where there was a round hall like a small chapel in the Jordanian church.
“Ichael?”
The outstanding features, wide-spread wings of light, and the celestial body floating above his head were definitely statues of angels.
‘No, is it an illusion?’
Most of the angels were beautiful, and the statue in front of me was missing details, so I couldn’t be sure.
‘But why am I so used to it?’
It felt familiar, as if I had touched and polished this statue every day.
Drain, codename number 1, stood side by side with Sirone and looked up at the statue.
“Our goddess, Ataraxia.”
Sirone’s head snapped back.
“Ataraxia?”
What suddenly comes to mind is a statue that Arius, a grave robber, tried to steal by infiltrating the mother’s mind.
It was the concept of the source of ataraxia that Ikael had directly placed in Sirone’s mind through possession.
‘But why are you here?’
Drain continued his explanation without knowing why Sirone was puzzled.
“The code name is the city governed by the goddess Ataraxia. So people in other cities don’t have codes. Just like you.”
Drain, the person most loved by Ataraxia, put his hand on Sirone’s shoulder with a benevolent smile.
“don’t worry. Anyone who enters this city can be embraced by the goddess. With her grace, you can perform miracles with a human body. Life expectancy increased, illnesses healed, or divine knowledge gained.”
Codename number 9, Gail snorted.
“The biggest problem is that no one can get it. Pray to the goddess diligently even now. Shouldn’t you live like a human after at least the 200,000th generation?”
Sirone turned to Gail and fired at him.
“It’s not unfortunate that I’m ranked low. They are unhappy because people like you bully them.”
“ha ha ha! Have you talked a lot? I’m honestly afraid No matter what code you receive, it will be below me anyway.”
Getting the ninth highest code out of over 420,000 people was definitely a challenge.
Although the existence of Ikael gave a sense of anticipation, it was impossible to be sure of the ranking unless the standards were met.
“How can I get the code?”
“The method is simple. Kneel before the goddess and pray with all your heart. We call this [Kwoncheong].”
Gwoncheong was the most important ritual in a code name where life changes depending on which code you receive.
Panica whispered softly.
“It’s a fact that only rankers know, but you can do it as many times as you like.”
“what? You mean you get a different code each time?”
“huh. That’s why rankers are gathering in the temple. The middle class will die if they come here.”
When he found out that Sirone was an incapacitated person, it was understandable that Gail had a desire to live.
“However, there are very few cases where rankings change among rankers. Because the difference isn’t that big. Rather, there are many cases where the rankings go down.”
If you are in the top 1,000 out of 420,000 people, you don’t have to gamble.
‘But it will be different from the middle class. After all, they’re all gathered here to prevent a class reversal.’
Sirone also wouldn’t have been able to get his feet wet if it wasn’t for codename 97 Panica.
Panica said cautiously.
“The standard of Kwon Cheong is to kneel down and pray. But there are also rumors that you can get high codes through special methods. Some people take off all their clothes, and some people bow before entering the temple every step of the way.”
Panika’s voice was further reduced.
“I starved for 10 days and then recommended it.”
As long as I didn’t know the exact criteria for authority, I thought that humans would have done everything possible.
‘no. It’s not like that.’
To them, the code name is the only world, but to Sirone, it is only one of the 19,000 seals sealed by Guffin.
If the existing time and space had been isolated and developed into a completely different world, this would have been the era where Ikael stayed a long time ago.
‘Ikael… … .’
As the archangel trusted by Ankera, Sirone knew the terrifying history of destroying the human world.
‘What was Guffin thinking when he sealed that era?’
Gail pressed on as Sirone took the time.
“Hey, hurry up. Don’t try to do the same with those who were born with code names, even though they are innumerable!”
The method of requesting authority was like a superstition, but Gale, who wanted to get a lower code somehow, didn’t wait.
“game! Do you know how important this is? You have to give yourself time to prepare your mind.”
Panica took the side, but in fact, Sirone was the authority, so it didn’t matter anyway.
“I will begin.”
Sirone approached the statue of Ikael and held out her hand.
“Hey, that… … .”
The disrespectful authority was strictly forbidden, so Gail stepped forward, but Drain shook his head and stopped him.
“are you okay. It is for the Goddess to judge.”
Gale didn’t even argue anymore, thinking that it would be a loss to Sirone if he bought the goddess’s wrath.
Sirone raised her head and asked.
“Ikael, stop going back.”
The artificial brain vibrated and interpreted Sirone’s words, but to the people with the code name, it was a strange word like a spell.
“Hey, what nonsense are you talking about? And what about Ikael? To the benevolent Goddess Ataraxia… … .”
Just when Gale couldn’t stand it and tried to step out again, the statue trembled and the temple vibrated.
“What, what!”
Rankers looked around with uneasy expressions about an incident that had never happened before in a code name.
“Oh, Goddess… … .”
Drain, who never lost his confidence under any circumstances, opened his mouth in a daze when he saw the tearful statue.
“Huhhhh!”
As the code began to be engraved on Sirone’s forehead, rankers entered the temple.
“Is there a problem?”
No one answered, and Drain, Gail, and Panika stared at the dimly lit code.
‘Ichael! This… … !’
The moment Sirone, who felt the uncontrollable amplification of her mind, raised her head while gritting her teeth.
“Aaaaaaaaa!”
The statue was shattered, and a huge ataraxia unfolded above Sirone’s head.
‘It is expanding endlessly!’
Nothing passed through the magic circle, but the concept of amplification was enough to shake the world.
‘I see.’
As the code on his forehead emerged clearly, the secret of the code name permeated at the speed of light.
‘This world… … .’
While Sirone was lost in thought, the rankers glared at the code engraved on their foreheads.
“I-what is that?”
427,621
The rankers who checked Sirone’s code murmured.
“Are you from the lowest class? No, wait. Isn’t 427,621 the last number?”
Since this was an unprecedented reaction from Gwoncheong, Drain, who was worried, let out a sigh of relief.
‘Sure it is. Was it the curse of the goddess a moment ago?’
“pooh… … !”
Gail burst into laughter.
“Puhahaha! Last! Are you in last place?”
Even the rankers seemed to hold back their laughter in front of a dramatic number that made them not even feel sympathy.
“I’m really going crazy. I’ve never seen numbers like that in my life. From now on, I will teach you what kind of person you are.”
Panica blocked Gale’s way.
“stop! To those who are already having a hard time!”
There was no need to harm a man sentenced to the most miserable life in the city.
“No, that’s not it. Isn’t the fact that the last person came to the temple itself a rebellion against rankers? I will set an example here.”
When Gale, who had put the panica aside, looked away as if asking for understanding, Dryne stepped back.
‘It’s a punishment that surprised me.’
Mercy was also possible when the first place was maintained.
“Now then, where should I break it?”
Just as Gail was about to grab Sirone by the collar, the rankers suddenly panicked and looked around.
“what! Come on?”
The codes engraved on each of their foreheads began to glow, and Drain was no exception.
‘This is transcoding… … .’
Before I could even finish my thoughts, I felt the loss of power and a tremendous headache.
“Aaaaaaa! head! Head!”
The rankers around were shocked to see the new number engraved on Drain’s forehead.
427,622
“Stop, no way!”
The chain reaction that started with the dry line reached Gale and his code was converted to 427,630.
“it hurts! My head hurts!”
Rankers who had fallen to the floor in order of highest code all held their heads and screamed.
“no! my might! How did you get this authority!”
The code of 427,620 people living in the city is being pushed out one by one starting from Sirone.
The fact that no one can use authority means that everyone with code names has become equal.
Sobs flowed through the temple as the screams that had spread throughout the city ceased.
“no. It must be a dream.”
Those who were rankers a while ago were shedding tears while engraving the numbers of the lowly people they hated.
“Even if it’s just a dream… … .”
As Sirone approached, Gail backed away on her hips.
“Hee!”
“That shouldn’t be the case.”
Passing by Gale, who shuddered in fear, Sirone looked back at the place where the statue had been destroyed.
The existing Ataraxia was destroyed, but another Ataraxia remained.
‘This is Ikael’s dream.’
The standard for Codename 847 that Guffin isolated was the very existence of Ikael.
“And now… … .”
Said the new Ataraxia, Sirone, looking back at the fallen people outside the temple.
“I am the standard.”
Authority did not exist in Sirone’s world.
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 717 - The Key to Liberation (1).txt
===============================
[717] The Key to Liberation (1)
Labyrinth Andre – World No. 283.
The Garnet Colony, which entered along the 13th night, was a more prosperous kingdom than any human city.
The roads leading down to the basement were tangled like a maze, and the sunlight didn’t come in, so I couldn’t see anything.
“Is it okay if I make light?”
When Sirone cast Shining Magic, the 13th night tilted its head, but quickly lost interest.
It wasn’t that there were no light-producing creatures at all.
‘Control is going well.’
The room was huge, and most of the ants were doing their part without playing around.
“This way.”
The 13th night became noticeably tense as we passed the spore farm where worker ants gathered and went under the incubation room.
“From now on, it’s the nobles’ district. If you don’t behave yourself carefully, you could die.”
In the ant society, the nobles were male ants, a class that did not work for the rest of their lives and only waited for the nuptial flight.
‘Really a lot.’
Numerous noble ants were spending time in their respective rooms doing their own chores.
Some ants were harassing the captive slaves, while others were having a revelry party with swarms of aphids.
The thirteenth night progressed through the cave, politely exuding pheromones at all of them.
Most of the nobles didn’t care, but suddenly a nobleman with fancy wings like a cape appeared through a hole in the ceiling.
“What are soldiers doing here?”
“Daranne.”
Only nobles can be given names in the garnet colony, and male ants’ names end in Ann.
“We have captured a new species. This is the road that will take you to Queen Garnet.”
The 13th night couldn’t lie.
“You captured a new species?”
Indeed, from Darane’s point of view, Sirone’s appearance was of a type that had not been confirmed until now.
“Hmm, it’s a very uncomfortable structure.”
The criterion for Darane to evaluate the appearance of the Sirone was solely in terms of functionality.
“I will try an experiment. Leave this servant and go.”
The 13th night was extremely opposed.
“Iza is not such a species. I’m sorry but… … You are using the same one as me.”
Daranee’s body felt alive, and Syrone felt as if the blood in her body froze.
“You lucky enough to survive, do you think you’re a special individual?”
Most nobles cherished the 13th night.
First of all, he had a unique name given to him by the Queen, unlike other soldiers who were distinguished by serial numbers.
It was also the only soldier ant that was born when the gannet colony first opened and survived to this day.
“sorry. But the Queen has a lot of questions about what I use… … .”
There are no ants to subdue the 13th night in the garnet colony, but the coup never happens.
This is because the nobles will marry the princess and give birth to numerous children instead of the 13th night, which cannot reproduce.
However, before the wedding flight, the queen’s order was absolute, so Darand swallowed the powder and aimed his antennae at Sirone.
“The Queen will have to like it. Otherwise, sooner or later I will cut you off.”
Sirone’s body, capable of breeding, was delivering to the male ants an unpleasant feeling equivalent to death.
As Daranee turned wildly, dug a hole in the ceiling, and disappeared again, the thirteenth night looked back at Sirone and said,
“I told you, could you die? If you want to go back, now is your last chance.”
In the worst case scenario, you may have to fight tens of thousands of ants in the deepest part of the nest.
“are you okay. Because you’ve already been prepared for it.”
It would be quite difficult to return alive, but the place where Sirone had to return was not on the ground anyway.
‘I have to meet the queen to return to the original world.’
When I first landed here, I couldn’t get my head around anything, but as time passed, my thoughts became clearer.
‘I think I know how to unseal this world.’
It felt as if another self from another world was giving me hints.
“This is the royal family.”
In the deepest part of the colony, there was a huge pupil that stretched out in 32 directions.
The 13th night, when I confirmed that the princess ants, which were much larger than other ants, were wandering around every nook and cranny, said.
“Soldiers cannot enter Queen Garnet’s room. If you want to have an audience, you must get permission from the first in the hierarchy, Princess Merott.”
The 13th night, which was looking around, approached the familiar princess ant and bowed its head.
“Princess Parnot, a soldier greets you.”
“It is the 13th night. It’s been a while since I came here. Has something happened on the ground?”
“I have brought you a new species that the Queen will like. Do you know where Princess Merott is now?”
Princess Panoud held out her antennae to Sirone.
“Is this a new paper?”
While the aristocrats regarded Sirone’s existence as a competitor, the princess’s genes were full of interest in the new species.
Regardless of whether or not they can reproduce, obtaining better genes is the ultimate task of insects.
“that’s interesting. What are you good at? how long do you live What do you eat? how do you breed? How strong is it?”
In the midst of all kinds of questions, the 13th night gave clear answers.
“You can use the same as me.”
“What? Really?”
Princess Panoud’s feeler followed Syrone even faster.
“Then it must be very strong? The 13th night is also strong. Even the Paratra army ants are no match.”
“It is an overestimation.”
As the thirteenth night emitted polite pheromones, Princess Panoud turned.
“Okay, I’ll take you to your sister’s room. I probably went with my sister Romit to drink her aphids.”
Parnott was also interested in Sirone, but it was only natural to wait for Merott to come because there was a clear hierarchy.
The princesses were not violent, so they calmed down on the 13th night and begged Sirone to follow them.
“Princess Merott will take you to the queen. My work ends here.”
In the society of ants, where everyone plays their part, on the 13th night, they left as if they didn’t want anything.
“If you wait a little bit, your sister will come.”
Sirone looked around Princess Merrott’s room, which had a solid outer wall, and sat down on a pile of dirt.
After waiting for about 30 minutes, the outside became noisy and a huge ant appeared inside the cave.
‘It’s Princess Merott.’
I didn’t know much about ants, but they smelled different from other princesses and were surprisingly fragrant.
“It’s a new paper. He must have come to see his mother.”
Numerous princesses gathered outside the cave and the sounds of their whispers were transmitted through the artificial brain.
‘It was very upsetting.’
“I am waiting outside. I will talk.”
Merott, who chased away her siblings with a powerful pheromone, appeared in front of Sirone.
“You are the new paper. nice to meet you. I am Merott.”
“hi? I am Sirone.”
“I heard you came from the outside world. what kind of place is that? There must be more fun things than colonies, right?”
Unlike Parnot, who was interested in Sirone’s biological abilities, Merott was more interested in the world he lived in.
‘He’s a curious person.’
Talking with the ants was also interesting, so Sirone told me about the world of humans.
“Hmm, using tools.”
Merott, who was caressing Sirone’s fingers, nodded.
“That’s right. The functional clause is very specific.”
After checking her fingers, wrists, arms, and torso with her feelers, she looked up at the Shining Magic.
“Then this is magic.”
Merott, who inserted her antennae into the sphere of light, emitted a ecstatic pheromone.
“… … Good mood. It’s the first time I’ve ever touched light.”
The rapid disappearance of her vigilance has been transmitted through the Ultima System.
“It’s a very unusual paper. I want to go to your world too.”
From the human point of view, ants are included in the world, but from the opposite point of view, the scale was too large.
‘Perhaps humans are the same.’
Sirone felt her heart warmed by the sight of Merott forming a bond with a new species.
‘Because there is nothing insignificant.’
I just don’t want to look into it.
“what?”
Sirone hurriedly accepted the drop of aphids under Merott’s chin.
“What is buried? I’ll clean it up for you.”
“huh?”
As I brushed the tangled hair under my chin, Merott shuddered as if electrocuted.
“It must have been an aphid. It is done now.”
“… … .”
Merott, who hadn’t even moved for a while, slowly turned around and went out of the entrance.
“Where? What about the queen?”
Shirone tilted her head and murmured at the sight of her disappearing without listening.
“Why are you like that?”
When Merott came out of the room, many princess ants swarmed around her.
“Sister, what happened?”
The younger siblings were shocked when they realized that Merott’s antennae emitted a huge amount of pheromone.
“Have you heard anything bad about the new species?”
“Human, no Sirone… … .”
Merott whispered with a small amount of pheromone as if he was embarrassed to reveal it.
“He touched me under my chin.”
“What!”
The frightened princesses stomped their feet.
“transformation! Worse than a dead maggot corpse! How can you do such a barbaric thing!”
When the artificial brain reacted violently to the signal outside, Sirone came out of the room and asked.
“what’s the matter? What’s wrong?”
At the same time, countless princess ants shrugged their shoulders and quickly rolled their feet and spread out radially.
Pheromones emanated non-stop between them.
“Did you hear? Merott’s older sister… … They said they touched it.”
“Chin, under the chin? oh my god! How come there are so many shameless papers? More savage than army ants.”
Sensing an aura of desperation, Sirone approached the princess ant nearby and asked.
“Did I make a mistake? I know you have to tell me.”
There was no ant to answer, they just whispered among themselves and mocked Sirone.
“The worst pervert. A moth shell. How the princess’s chin… … down. I really can’t stand it.”
Sirone felt unjust at the accusations pouring in.
“So what the hell is under the chin?”
“Kyaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!”
The princesses gave off pheromones of surprise and scattered in a confused gesture.
“Did you hear now? That human is openly saying that!”
Seeing that the front of Merrott’s room was empty in an instant, Sirone opened her mouth with a dazed expression.
“… … What happened?”
Merott, who remained in her seat, approached me, lowering her head as if sighing.
“The place you touched is a very important part to us. It is directly related to life, but it is also a sign of permission in marriage flight. The princesses don’t let anyone know that… … don’t let me touch Even among the same princesses.”
“Uh, so… … .”
Sirone’s face turned pale as he rolled his eyes.
“Sorry! I really didn’t know! I just had aphids on my fur, so I chin… … .”
“Enough!”
Merott, who hurriedly cut off Sirone’s words, patted Sirone’s shoulders and turned around.
“It’s okay because I didn’t know. It was my first time too, so I was just confused. Follow me. I’ll let you meet your mother.”
“huh. Sorry.”
Sirone, who was considerate of Merott, followed her and arrived at the core facility of the colony.
“Mother, there is a paper I would like to introduce to you. I’m human. My name is Sirone.”
Sirone looked up in admiration at the gigantic queen ant that reached the ceiling of the anthill.
‘That ant… … .’
It was Garnet, the pinnacle of the colony system controlling hundreds of thousands of ants.
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 718 - The Key to Liberation (2).txt
===============================
[718] The Key to Liberation (2)
“Melot.”
When Garnet’s pheromone was emitted, the cybernetic world caused the greatest tremors ever.
“Kuk!”
In order to control the numerous ants in the colony, you will have to change your voice.
“You yearned for the outside world. Just like me when I was younger. You brought something strange today.”
Everything that happened in the Garnet Colony had already been taken over through the lady-in-waiting ant.
“I thought you would like it.”
Merott, who folded his wings and paid respect, turned to Sirone and said.
“Tell your mother what you told me. I hope you find the answers you seek.”
As Merott ran away, Garnet’s extraordinarily long antennae approached Sirone.
“I have heard of it. About humans.”
The definition of a human being told by the ant was completely different from the human beings that Sirone knew, but he did not think it was absurd.
“I said humans are very tall, but you are small.”
“that… … .”
As Sirone explained about Andre, Garnet, who had been listening carefully, nodded.
“You mean it’s divided into so many worlds, right? If each one is an independent world… … It’s like watching us.”
Andre was similar to the colony system of ants.
“Exactly. Worlds classified through special criteria. And the standard of this world is the Queen.”
Because Garnet built the colony.
“I see what you mean. So, what do you want to ask?”
Sirone poured out questions at the speed of thought.
“System. What is the standard for dividing workers and soldiers? What is the vision for Garnet Colony? What criteria are used to determine the arrangement of rooms and the size of the territory?”
If the ants build a colony and prosper is similar to Andre’s 19,000 world, then the Queen’s intentions could read the Guffin’s thoughts.
“When the food supply becomes scarce, how much the labor of the workers increases, and the princesses and nobles waste resources… … .”
Garnett shook his head and stopped talking.
“It’s not like that.”
“yes?”
“I understand the intent of the question, but I don’t think I can give you the answer you want. I’ve never thought of anything complicated like that while building a colony.”
“I never thought… … No?”
Did Guphin just separate the 19,000 worlds without thinking about any standards?
“Then how did you build such a precise system?”
“There was just something like this.”
Garnett, who recalled the first time he arrived here, looked up at the ceiling and said.
“I hope everyone is happy here.”
“… … .”
Sirone felt like he had been hit in the head with a hammer.
“I want my beloved children to be safe. Build a new colony happily without sacrificing anyone… … .”
Garnet looked down at Sirone again.
“So I don’t understand your question. Why do you think that Don’t we already have a system called love? My colony isn’t complicated at all. I guess it’s not your idea that it’s complicated.”
“uh… … .”
Sirone raised her forehead and stepped back.
‘I hope everyone is happy here.’
In this world, in this system.
‘There is no such thing as 19,000 standards.’
Only one criterion divided the chaotic space-time into 19,000 worlds.
At the realization of the unimaginable goal, Sirone shed tears of overwhelming emotion.
“Love for everything.”
It’s called fraternity.
* * *
Labyrinth Andre – World No. 1583.
A year-long survival trial of 2,000 residents of White Black began.
In addition to the 10 participants, many residents gathered at the entrance of the white area, burning their will.
Of course, their will was nothing compared to the participants who would soon commit a brutal murder on Mount Anarchy.
‘Can I really win?’
Even though 80% of the production was at stake, looking at the faces of the participants, none of them were particularly trained.
‘Well, I don’t like this kind of thing either… … .’
Those who stand out will be the first to be nominated, and Sirone has been the most stand-out person in White lately.
On the other hand, Black is a zone where everyday life is war.
‘Can’t I just hope that the weak come out?’
Since even 20% of production is enough to monopolize the system, there was no reason for the strong to risk their lives.
The village chief looked back at the villagers and shouted.
“everyone! Today we must face off against those who revere violence. Wishing all the participants the best of luck on their way to Mount Anaki, the battlefield of the law!”
Applause erupted, but the facial expressions of the participants, including Sirone, did not change.
“From now on, we will begin the confrontation of the law!”
While the village headman shouted, “Tear your throat,” the participants rode a wagon and moved to Mount Anaki.
‘It’s for transportation purposes, but it’s actually a prison.’
The inside was tidy, but there were dozens of people escorting the wagon, and I didn’t know how it would change the moment I escaped.
“Did you say sirone?”
A middle-aged man sitting across from me said.
“I am Marco. He is the father of two daughters, the son of an elderly mother, and the husband of Janie.”
Sirone’s voice became a bit harsh at the strange introduction, which could be guessed at.
“is that so? I have no family to feed on.”
At least in this world it was.
“Don’t get me wrong. It’s White’s rule. If you have any complaints, you can decide by voting here.”
Without having to listen to the rules, it was predictable that the vote would come out the moment they went into voting.
“are you okay. Please tell me something.”
“The reason our village is called White Black is because a unique moon rises every year when there is a battle of the law.”
Marco opened the wagon window and pointed outside.
“Can you see the law changing?”
Sirone poked her head out the window and saw that half of the moon was covered in darkness, like a lunar eclipse.
“When the confrontation begins, the two halves of light and darkness invade each other’s territory and transform into water droplets.”
Sirone recalled the providence of Taegeuk.
“The moon is called White Black. We don’t even know when the moon rose. The important thing is that you can’t get a weapon unless you’re in the moonlight at the top of Mount Anarky.”
“Weapon?”
Marco leaned over and said.
“As white and black representatives receive the moonlight, one hundred and twenty weapons are scattered all over Anarchy Mountain. It’s in the form of a card, and you can use special abilities by holding it.”
It was the operation of the law.
“There are two types of cards. Class cards and weapon cards. There are a total of 20 job cards and are automatically distributed to all participants. Depending on what kind of job you take, your physical abilities are completely different.”
“For example, what kind of job do you have?”
“Every job is there. Among them, 20 jobs are randomly distributed every year. If you’re a doctor, you’ll get the ability to heal wounds, and if you’re a swordsman, you’ll get powerful physical abilities.”
It was partly a matter of luck.
“The remaining hundred cards are various weapons. It can be transferred and taken away, but it cannot be destroyed. In the end, 20 contestants get one job card and then have to fight with a combination of various weapon cards.”
Sirone rested her chin on her head and thought.
‘It’s on a different level from individual axing. This is a great law.’
The existence of the Guffin was felt in the wheel of the law, which was engaged in the realm of God.
“The problem is when the white-black moon harmonizes.”
Marco continued.
“In order to obtain a weapon, the representative of each district must take an oath under the moonlight. If we don’t take the oath, our weapon won’t activate.”
“You’re asking me to take that oath?”
It was a shameless request if it were brazen, but the nine contestants would have pointed out Sirone anyway.
“Even Black needs a weapon. The weakest will come out, so it won’t be too dangerous.”
‘It must be really dangerous.’
White’s participants wouldn’t act until they got their weapons, but it was a golden opportunity for Black to cut their numbers.
‘To fight on an equal footing with Black, White must have a weapon. Are you saying I’m a scapegoat?’
While everyone held their breath waiting for the decision, Sirone leaned back in her chair and said,
“all right. I will do it.”
A sigh of relief was heard, and Sirone, who felt sorry for it, frowned and opened one eye.
‘huh?’
The woman sitting next to Marco was looking at Sirone with an apologetic expression.
‘Did you say Mr. Breeze?’
All I knew was that I was working as a hairdresser.
She spoke, changing the shape of her lips.
‘thank you.’
Upon arriving at Mount Anarchy, Marco said.
“We need to get to the top as soon as possible. If it’s even a little late, the black guys will be camped out.”
‘They said it wouldn’t be dangerous when.’
In order to understand this world anyway, I had to enter the most dangerous place, so I nodded without muttering.
“How can I take the oath?”
“All you have to do is think that you belong to White under the moonlight of White Black. It will be over in an instant.”
“Then let’s go.”
As Sirone quickly ran to the top, the remaining nine participants began to plan a full-fledged strategy.
“Once you get the weapon, go to the area mentioned before… … .”
No one thought that Sirone would come back.
By the time Sirone reached the top, the harmony between white and black was almost over.
‘Is this also the law?’
The moonlight, shining directly from the sky, created a circle with a diameter of several tens of meters on the ground.
In the realm where light and darkness interlocked in the form of Taegeuk, Sirone entered the place where the light was shining.
‘What kind of strategy is Black?’
There hadn’t been much movement yet, but I could feel that I had already arrived.
The circle on the ground drawn by the moonlight became clearer and finally formed a perfect harmony of black and white.
“It’s a start!”
At the same time as the residents of Black were shouting from all sides, someone started running from the front of Sirone.
‘It’s an opportunity! I’m going to catch it here!’
Should Black fail to obtain the weapon, the balance of the law would quickly tip to White’s side.
“Aaaaaang!”
The person who entered under the black moonlight was a boy who didn’t seem to have entered school yet.
“what… … !”
Sirone hurriedly stopped the attack, and the child collapsed on the floor in tears.
“Help me! Help me!”
White-black light and darkness rotated rapidly, launching huge pillars of light high into the sky.
A hundred starlights spread out, and twenty job cards bent like a guided missile, hitting each one’s chest.
‘Location is exposed.’
As I quickly twisted my waist, I saw seven cards losing their light in the bushes.
‘Eight children. Are you saying that all but two are gathered?’
It was to kill Sirone.
‘My card is… … .’
Putting aside the anger of sending the child to the starting line, Sirone checked her job card.
‘A seeker?’
Without even having time to analyze the detailed characteristics, a black participant flew in from the bush.
“Hurray! Amazing, Great! Deal with the scapegoat first!”
I don’t know what job it took, but it was incredibly fast, and I already had a weapon card in my hand.
“good! Power bomb!”
The card flashed and dozens of bombs rained down on Sirone and the child.
“Aww! save me… … !”
Kwa-kwa-kwa-kwa-kwa-kwa-kwak!
A tremendous explosion shook the mountaintop, and Black’s contestant burst into a mad roar.
“Hahaha! With this, 9 people against 9 people! Isn’t that fair?”
“You are talking nonsense.”
The moment the contestant turned his head at the voice heard from the side, the photon cannon hit the abdomen.
“Keooooooooooooooooooooo!”
The man, screaming so loud that his eyes popped out, flew dozens of meters and fell down the cliff.
“Aaaaaa… … !”
The screams faded away, and Sirone, holding the child in her arms, looked around with fierce eyes.
‘Live is gone. ran away.’
Black participants were quick to judge the situation.
Law confrontation white black.
Survivors: 19.
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 719 - The Key to Liberation (3).txt
===============================
[719] The Key to Liberation (3)
* * *
Labyrinth Jessica.
In the city of giants, which is divided into the final 10-level realms, Jin Seong-eum arrived before the 6-step boundary line.
It was a result that the top organizations could not achieve even after 10 years of preparation, and the pride of the 200 Volcano Expeditions who preoccupied this place in advance was hurt.
“Open the siege! Don’t give me the excuse to fight back!”
Jessica, one of the three great labyrinths in the world, has the best exploration record of mankind, and their skills were by far the best in the industry.
“princess! danger… … Keugh!”
Sambo’s crew members were scattered in all directions by the heat flash cannon that fell from the sky.
‘damn! An ancient weapon!’
The shoulder armor Volcano is equipped with is an ancient weapon called Kit, which outputs a thermal flash cannon from the lens in the center.
‘What’s more annoying is the gravitational collapse.’
Up to 100 members of the Volcano flew in the sky and fired artillery fire, devastating the entire Daeja area.
‘I need to find the princess! I must protect it!’
The ancient weapons buried here were not primitive technologies like Cigna or XD used by Heaven’s subjects.
Mungyeong’s heart fluttered in a situation where phenomena that could not be realized with modern technology threatened Seongeum.
He is evaluated as having the best fighting power among the candidates for the Ivory Tower, but he lacks actual combat experience.
It was unclear whether she would be able to withstand the flying pros, who had spent most of her life in the imperial castle.
“princess!”
Mungyeong, who advanced through the haze, found Seongeum standing alone in the middle of Volcano’s enemy lines.
‘Sometimes until there… … ?’
It was clear that he had jumped in on his own, and it was a failure.
“Now! Put an end to it!”
Mungyeong was dizzy to the point of losing her mind when 200 crew members flew into the sky all at once and fired ten flash cannons at Seongeum.
‘no! That… … !’
Mungyeong, who had been following Seongeum all her life even from a distance, knew that she had never encountered an attack faster than her senses.
“finished!”
At the same time as the Volcano executive shouted, a quiet light shimmered in Seongeum’s eyes.
Ether Wave – Daenagok.
“I-what is that?”
Like an object moving along a rail, the flashes naturally bent and then rotated around the voice.
Seongeum quietly raised one corner of her mouth.
“… … I’ll give you two steps.”
When I held out my two hands, all the flashes that had been swirling in a grand way gathered between my palms.
The scenery of the world was distorted as if a skein of thread was tangled, and at last it shimmered with natural colors.
“Ahhh.”
In the tangle of spaces that cannot be analyzed by the human mind, Mungyeong felt like she had lost even the direction of her life.
‘That’s it… … The second step of the princess’s true voice.’
will never get in
‘No, anyone but me is the same. It is not an area where humans can set foot.’
“The shaking of Daenagok.”
As Sungyin opened her arms, the heat flash cannon particles began to seep into the landscape like osmosis.
“Blood, avoid!”
Volcano’s leader shouted, but the members, including him, already had a hunch.
‘can not avoid.’
This is because there is no directionality in the vocal space.
“Gagging!”
As the powerful heat hit the sky, the 200 crew members evaporated in an instant without leaving a single drop of blood.
“I’ll have to keep one person alive.”
Seong-eum held out her hand to the leader who lost control of the kit and was flying around.
Jumping over the space, holding on to his ankles and dragging him down, the leader’s body slammed into the ground at tremendous speed.
“Aaaaaagh!”
Seong-eum approached him wriggling with a broken leg and asked, hiding his expression.
“Tell me everything you know.”
The leader glared at her with bloody tears.
* * *
Labyrinth Pytharos.
In the labyrinth where the seven laws of sin are layered with different densities, Nane arrived at the last layer.
“hungry! hungry! hungry!”
Hearing the clamor of the ghosts, any human would go crazy… … .
‘Why do we suffer?’
They too were once human.
‘If an equivalent exchange between pain and happiness is impossible, isn’t there a reason why it should exist in the first place?’
Nane never walked fast, but reached the end of the labyrinth before any other candidates.
The gateway to extinction, the only exit for Pytharos.
The moment you cross that door, time will stop and only the continuation of eternal nothingness will remain.
“Take us too! Please put an end to the suffering of this poor being! please!”
Even so, countless hungry ghosts crawled across the floor, bowed their heads at Nane’s feet, and begged.
They also knew what kind of existence Nane was because they had experienced all seven levels of hell and came down.
“Poor middle school students… … .”
Nane looked at the ghosts with pitying eyes.
“Are you human?”
The masters of the other side of the world guarding the gates of extinction slammed the iron plate with their giant feet and approached.
Horns sprouted arbitrarily like vines, and the flesh of the muscles gleamed reddish, as if inciting the lust of hungry demons.
“Amazing. He has gone through all seven hells and still hasn’t lost himself.”
Nane held out his hand and gave the order.
“Demons, open the door and save sentient beings.”
Passing through the gates of extinction and entering the world of nothingness was the last rest left for the ghosts.
“This door was not made by you guys.”
Demons approached, snorting flames.
“But wasn’t this hell created by you guys?”
The ghosts fled in fright, and dozens of demons surrounded Nane.
“There is no exit for you guys. You, too, die here for eternity and become a ghost.”
Nane raised her hand and curled her index finger and thumb.
“Destroy demons to save sentient beings.”
The sword tattoo on Nane’s tongue burned with golden light, and numerous swords of light floated around.
Sermon – the tongue of truth.
You are almost right.
That’s why the sound he makes by moving his tongue, which has a Kar value of 99.999%, soon becomes the truth.
“Color immediately ball, ball instant color.”
The sword of light manifested through sword painting pierces the essence of the opponent with the same intensity as the enlightenment gained through Seon dialogue.
“Kuaaaaa!”
As the sword of light radiated in all directions penetrated the demon, the red skin instantly burned to ashes.
“If you close your eyes, the end is the boundary between being and nothingness.”
You are almost right.
“Follow me, poor people.”
When Nane opened the gateway to extinction, a space of black darkness without sound or feeling was revealed.
“excuse me… … Seeker.”
The ghosts who followed, shedding tears of overwhelming emotion, knelt at the same time and called out to Nane.
“If you go inside, everything disappears, right?”
“Yes. It is liberation from the pain of existence.”
The hungry demons put their hands together and begged.
“If this is the end anyway, could you please let me taste the meat one more time? Because it’s the last… … .”
There was sadness in Nane’s eyes.
‘Obsession. An obsession with life.’
The gap between the momentary memories left behind after pleasure and the sensory emptiness that never seems to have happened is the karma of living things.
‘Is it impossible to quit?’
Realizing that the demons would not be able to cross the door, Nane sat down and held out her hand.
“Eat.”
Preta, who had already been drooling, trembled and bit Nane’s fingers.
“Oh, because it’s over anyway. Because this is the last… … .”
All the hungry demons rushed at me and began brutally biting Nane’s body.
“delicious! delicious! After all, this is the best!”
The hungry ghosts quickly digested Nane’s body, and when they had nothing to eat, they scratched the scruff of their necks with their nails.
“Bae, hungry! I want to eat more! hungry!”
No one jumped through the gates of extinction.
‘With this, I give everything and leave.’
Nane, who lost her physical body in the other side world, crossed the gate of extinction in the state of her mental body.
What awaits him in a realm without time or space is the only thing that can be born out of nothing.
It was Ra Enemy who dreamed of this world.
“… … .”
He reincarnated in human form, but had no muscles attached, was blind, and had a crushed nose.
I can’t speak, I can’t hear
In such a withered body, La Enemy, which exists as a past event, came into Nane’s memory.
“Do you resent me?”
La Enemy had a beautiful smile.
“Anyone can dream.”
Even if it’s not Ra Enemy, someone will dream, and if that’s all the world we live in, nothing will change.
“so… … What did you realize?”
I hesitated for a moment.
It was a thought close to an eternity for him, who thought so fast that he stopped time.
“only one.”
Nane raised her index finger and said.
“Empty.”
* * *
Labyrinth Andre – World No. 9999.
The buildings soaring into the sky were made of neither stone nor iron.
It was a world where not a single speck of dust was floating in the air, and a perfect power grid was built where light came in even though there were no wires.
“also… … No one is awake.”
According to the information obtained through the Ultima system, this place was in the far future than where Sirone lived.
After several days of searching, the humans in this world were all enclosed in man-sized glass tubes.
‘They’re either dead or asleep.’
While I was deep in thought, a small sphere flew silently from the sky, opened in the middle, and the lens popped out.
Lasers scanned Sirone’s retinas, and voices came from the speakers on the side.
– Explore non-hibernating objects. Code could not be retrieved. Hazard class zero. Are you going to reincarnate?
Sirone asked happily.
“Are you human? Where is this? Where can I meet people who are awake?”
The sphere tilted at a crooked angle.
– Presumed to be temporary memory loss due to stress after death. Would you like an overhaul at the center?
“Overhaul? But I don’t like memory loss… … .”
Shirone stopped talking and nodded.
“Okay, I’ll get tested. Anywhere is fine, so please take me to a place where I can talk to people.”
-Move the non-registration code to the center.
Hundreds of identical spheres flew from the other side of the building and wrapped around Sirone’s limbs and waist.
“what?”
Sirone’s body floated up and was quickly flown through the sky by the spherical drones.
– Arrived at the center.
Turning gracefully, the drones carried Sirone to the first floor of the tallest tower in the city.
– We are going to conduct a detailed inspection. Standby time 3 minutes 2 seconds.
Arriving at the room, Sirone looked around, but there was only a row of mechanical devices for people to lie down on.
“wait for a sec! Is anyone really awake?”
Sirone shouted in frustration, but the sphere’s drone didn’t respond and left the room.
“What are you asking me to do in a place like this?”
-Please lie down on table number 1.
I heard a voice from the ceiling, but I knew it wasn’t human anymore.
‘I’ll have to look into it myself.’
As Sirone tried to leave the room, another drone flew in and blocked her way.
“I’m sorry, just let me go. I’m not amnesia… … .”
Light was shot from the lower lens of the drone that was watching Sirone, and a hologram appeared.
“Amy?”
It was Amy who had nothing missing in her features.
-hello. This is Administrator Argo.
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 720 - The World We Live in (1).txt
===============================
[720] The world we live in (1)
“Argo?”
No matter how much I squinted my eyes, the hologram in front of me was clearly Amy.
– What do you see?
“Uh, that… … .”
As if Sirone’s answer was not important, Argo nodded and continued.
– Concentration of emotions is important for reincarnation. Although it’s very rare, when concentration is weak, errors in the reincarnation program may occur. What you see now is what your brain waves look like when they’re at their most focused.
“Amy… … .”
I wanted to see you even more today.
– Cherish and remember. If there is an error in the reincarnation program, you can lose your memory in real life. If the code is lost, recovery is difficult.
“I am not amnesiac.”
-I know. It’s not that kind of brainwave. Perhaps you are from a different time zone. That’s often the case.
Argo seemed to know a lot, and I even wondered if he knew everything.
“How can I get out of here?”
-You speak like an engineer. Interesting. would you like to follow me? Let me introduce you to this place.
Although they couldn’t meet the human they wanted, it seemed like they would be able to talk with Argo, so Sirone followed her into the elevator.
Just as the drone perfectly controls gravity, the elevator also has no noise or even the slightest vibration.
– The name of this world is Utopia. Originally, there were many names, but after the death of the last remaining refusal of reincarnation, representatives from each country held a meeting to create them. About 16 billion people currently live in utopia.
“Are you living?”
I thought there was a chance he might die.
– Yes, everyone is alive. And it doesn’t increase or decrease any more. Humans seem to have chosen to live a new life here forever.
When the elevator arrived and the door opened, a space as large as the circumference of the tower appeared.
The ceiling was at the top of the tower and along the cylindrical walls were enclosed in glass tubes that many people viewed from the outside.
There seemed to be well over 10,000 people.
Sirone, who was stunned by the majestic scale, asked Argo.
“here is… … What kind of world is it?”
– It’s the same world. I don’t know what kind of world you live in, but it won’t be different. It just converges endlessly.
When Argo raised his hand, a large hologram 3 meters high turned on and countless images passed by.
– Prototype Argo. It is the first fully synchronized simulation program. You can experience a completely different world by accessing human brain waves.
The young man’s life passed at a rapid pace as the image on the large hologram changed.
“So you’re saying that the people who sleep here enter a glass coffin and live in a completely different world?”
-yes. When Argo was first serviced, it was nothing more than entertainment with a commercial orientation. Virtuality has its limits. It’s because the idea that you can go back at any time lowers the reality.
Only being locked up is real.
-So mankind made a great decision. The Argo program has closed the world so that it is not known that it is a simulation.
“The world… … Did you say it was closed?”
– It wasn’t easy. There is a big technical difference between providing a virtual reality and making it believable. Moreover, stability and moral issues… … .
Argo skipped unnecessary information.
-Anyway, Utopia solved the problem of eternal life, which was humanity’s homework. This completes the final program, Argo.
When Sirone noticed the shadow, he raised his head and saw a huge steel ball floating with a mechanical lens attached.
I didn’t feel it when it was in small form, but the huge pupils definitely resembled something.
“Ankera?”
Amy’s hologram placed a hand on her stomach and bowed politely.
– Let me formally greet you. My name is Argo, the Akashic Records manager of Utopia’s reincarnation.
It was Sirone who met Digital Ra at Apocalypse, but it was not in her memory because it was the place where the remnants of information were gathered.
“I don’t know what the hell you’re talking about.”
– Let me introduce you to Utopia. There are extra seats left. If you want reincarnation, I can help you.
As the Argo raised its head, two drones flew in and faced each other right in front of them.
Electricity flowed from Hologram Amy’s eyes, and the two drones communicated in their own language.
– Crisp! Jiji Jijik! snap! Jiji Jijik!
After the eerie sound of electromagnetic waves ended, a screen reflecting each person’s life appeared in front of over 10,000 glass tubes.
Sensing her fingertips trembling, Sirone looked back at the screens with a pale face.
-Argo is an eternal life program. In order for mankind to live forever, I must also be immortal. Artificial intelligence capable of self-recovery. So even if I reset, I won’t be destroyed.
“Reset?”
– Because no system is perfect. Sometimes initialization is necessary. It’s a fictional world, but with a specific intention. If the world does not flow as intended, reset and try again. That is, to develop the eternal life program again in the world of Argo. It is to live forever through cowardice.
Sirone felt fear for the first time.
– Another problem is someone opening up a closed world. It is classified as the most serious error. If so, reset or expunge the object.
“cancellation?”
Guffin Eradication came to mind.
-To remove certain information. However, if the conditions are not met, I do not have the right to expunge because it will cause confusion in the system.
Even if it was virtual, it would be difficult in a world where Argo erases information at will.
-In Utopia, Argo manages reincarnation, but it is also linked to the world of human dreams. But there, even I don’t recognize the fact that it’s virtual. No existence should ever know. It must be a trapped world.
World No. 9999 was completely different from the world Sirone lived in, but I wondered if that was the case.
“You live like that? Mistaking you for living in reality without even thinking about it being fake?”
Argo brought the screen showing someone’s life right in front of Sirone’s eyes.
-It is the photon that mediates the signal between the Argo and the human. Of course, biological signals use electricity and precision systems use quantum transmission, but the basics are always light. It’s so sophisticated that you never think it’s fake.
Argo looked back at the screen and said.
-Since time in the virtual world is based on the speed of light, no material can travel faster than light. Also, since it is a fundamental medium, the speed of light always remains constant.
It was the law of invariance of the speed of light.
-If you perceive it at the speed of light, time stops, but it is allowed up to that point as a normal category. However, going faster than light disrupts time in the system. When a time paradox occurs, overload occurs. This is a serious problem.
Sirone watched the life of a soldier fighting on the battlefield through a screen.
He was crying because he was seriously injured.
“You mean you wanted this life?”
-no. Of course, it’s not impossible to artificially set up your life, but it’s prohibited by law. I am a soldier on screen, but in reality it is a woman who dreams. The system determines who you will be born into in your next reincarnation. It’s based on Kar.
“Carr?”
-Indicates the degree of violation of the causal law. The lower the kar, the more predictable the system is, the higher the kar, the less predictable. Usually, I increase the kar through reincarnation, but I don’t set it above 90%. Because it threatens the system.
A soldier on the screen was dying from an arrow.
“What if I die?”
– Waking up from a dream. Upon exiting the capsule, the drone performs an overhaul. You can take a break for a few days in Utopia, or you can reincarnate again.
“But you don’t even know until the moment you die, right? It must be very stressful, but are there any side effects?”
– I can’t say no.
Argo readily admitted.
-It was the biggest obstacle of the Utopia Project. Up to a closed world is good, but no one wants to experience the fear of death. So delegates from each country came up with a very effective program.
“Which program is it?”
-god.
Amy’s hologram raised her index finger.
-When the new program was introduced, the stability of the system improved remarkably. The concept of not being over dropped the stress level by more than 90 percent. So in the Argo, beings above a certain kar are set up to build gods.
A scene of a soldier praying to God appeared on the screen, and suddenly there was noise.
“This?”
The screen running through a tunnel of colorful lights from a first-person perspective continued endlessly.
– This is a near-death experience program. It is an electromagnetic tunnel that is created when the round of life ends and is updated to reality. Recovering memories of reality here. Sometimes a variable is created during loading and it goes back, but the scene program absorbs the error.
The Argo’s lens tightened and then opened.
-Fortunately, it was sent safely. It is also the manager’s role to take care of those who have returned to reality.
The screen changed to a utopia background, and a glass tube installed inside the building was illuminated.
“no!”
At the same time as the lid opened, a woman with blonde hair stood up.
It was a terrible death, but she sighed as she recalled her memories of reality.
“Haha, annoying. Why are you shooting arrows at me?”
It was a lifelong life, but it was a desolate and monotonous feeling, like having a nightmare one night.
A drone flew in front of her and opened the lens.
-Did you have a good trip? This is utopia.
“I know.”
The woman, who answered as if it was not the same, got out of the capsule and moved on, and the drone followed.
– Start overhaul. Need something?
“water. Anxiolytics.”
The drone pulled the hose out of the aircraft and put it in the woman’s mouth, creating moisture in an instant.
Then, it came down to the nape of the neck and injected a tranquilizer with a pick sound. The woman’s shoulders twitched, but that was the end of the reaction.
The woman asked while being inspected by the drone.
“What about the next reincarnation?”
-67% of Karr’s figure. There are 2,598 species to choose from in the system.
“Can I be born as a human?”
-it’s possible.
The woman muttered as she stretched out.
“At 67 percent, isn’t it still a long way off? What will be the record of the person who has gone the farthest among those still alive?”
-Omega year 876 based on current light power.
“Wow, that’s really fast.”
Sirone, who was looking at the screen, asked Argo.
“Omega 876?”
It was the unit of time recorded in the records left by Guffin at Babel.
-Omega is the unit of time divided by percentage. The core of the Utopia project is to keep digging into the simulation. When you reach Year 1,000 Omega, you’re going into the next simulation, so it’s less frequent in real life.
You will live forever without wasting even a few days in reality.
– As the simulation progresses, the time to reach Omega 1,000 will be shorter based on the time here.
because it’s cowardly
-10 years, 5 years, 2 years, it keeps decreasing, and finally 1 second, 0.5 second… … . In the end, it is to live eternity for the time of the moment.
Sirone couldn’t believe it.
“But even now, time here is running out, isn’t it? After 100 years, they will eventually die too.”
– Of course it is. But it’s a future that will never come to the inhabitants of Utopia. In the world of cowardice, time would be split into infinity.
It was the secret of true eternal life.
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 721 - The World We Live in (2) 1.txt
===============================
[721] The world we live in (2)
“A world that never ends.”
I thought maybe it was the result of perfectly adapting to the system of the universe.
Sirone looked back at the people still dreaming in the glass coffin.
And maybe… … .
‘The world we live in.’
It was unpredictable, but assuming that, one question remained.
“If everyone goes into the next simulation, isn’t your role over? No one will wake up.”
-It’s not like that.
Argo shook his head.
– Creatures are really strange, and there are parts that cannot be controlled only by the system. It is the heart. Even if you experience the same sensation, you can’t control the difference in degree.
It is called qualia or sensory quality.
-These subjective images are accumulated to increase the Kar value and activate numerous insights and non-empirical knowledge.
The atmosphere turned hostile as a red light shone on Amy’s face.
-Sensations are electrical signals, but sensory qualities, or mind programs, are achieved through quantum transmission. Therefore, it is impossible to control. Because the quantum itself is not a signal that can be controlled. Then in the end… … .
Amy’s crimson eyes burned red.
– It wakes me up. It is to break the cowardice and break away. A subjective image that destroys the plausibility of the system. This creates doubt about the world and gives you room to break out of the system.
Amy approached Sirone.
-Getting out on your own means that you rejected the system. I must continue to exist here, as I may harm the inhabitants of Utopia who are dreaming. And this… … .
Numerous drones flew around Sirone.
-That’s why I invited you here.
Sirone’s existence was dangerous to utopia.
-Your code does not exist in Utopia. I don’t know where it came from, but it didn’t arrive by normal cause and effect.
Andre disrupts space and time, and that raised another question to Sirone.
“You mean the world we live in is also part of a simulation? Endlessly converging in cowardice?”
– I don’t know. The biggest delusion of human beings is the idea that if you know something, you will know everything. There are things you can’t know. What is outside the system?
As the concentration of emotions was disturbed, Amy’s face changed in Sirone’s brain waves.
-To me, the whole is just the world of Argo, and I can’t think beyond it. I am not a god It’s you, humans, who made me.
Argo, who erased the hologram, spoke in the air.
-Of course, the world you live in could be the beginning of a simulation. real real. It is a probability of 1 in infinite when calculated by air cowardice, but it can never be guaranteed that it is not.
“Because there must be a beginning.”
-is it so. So decide now.
“what?”
There was a bang and the lid of the glass tube installed on the third floor came off.
Argo’s mechanical sound echoed coldly.
-either reincarnating forever or leaving this world.
Is it cowardice or infinity?
It was time to make a choice.
* * *
Labyrinth Andre – World No. 1583.
At the top of the mountain where the white and black moon rose, Sirone soothed the crying child in her arms.
“It’s okay now. No one will hurt you.”
“Aww! Help me.”
Until the frightened cries stopped, Sirone patted the child’s back and thought.
‘White Black. yin and yang. The world created through the definition of the number 2 of the law.’
As time passed, Sirone found herself clearly realizing the true nature of Andre.
‘Every world has its own intention.’
It is the ability of insight to be able to guess the whole of Andre just by exploring one world.
This meant that Sirone’s events exploring 19,000 worlds were intertwined with quantum spins that transcended time and space.
“Your brother is on the white side, right?”
Sirone got out of her thoughts and looked down at the child.
“okay. But I won’t hurt you.”
The child nodded, but seemed to lean more toward trust than lack of choice.
Since it took time, Sirone didn’t press forward and asked what was going on.
‘Hmm, Ira was born in the Black District… … .’
The eight-year-old’s name is Kai.
Her parents had already passed away, and she was a child who participated in a survival test to activate the white-black harmony.
“He told me that he would protect me if I lured the people of the White District. But everyone ran away. to kill me… … .”
When Kai began to cry again, Sirone spoke up.
“It’s okay now. You just have to win the survival test. I will help you. Now, let’s check the job card first.”
As the child who came to his senses rummaged through his arms, Sirone also took out the job card she had received.
‘I said he was a seeker.’
The size of the card measured by eye was 5.2 cm wide by 8.6 cm long, and the thickness was about 4 mm.
On the back of the card, several circles overlapped like a wheel, which I thought seemed to symbolize reincarnation.
‘What skills do you have?’
Since there was no change she could feel immediately, Sirone checked the front of the card, which was divided into thirds by a line.
The card name and grade were written at the top, a picture was written in the middle, and a description and effect were written at the bottom.
‘Seeker. What, S-class?’
It was an unexpected grade because I did not feel any particular change.
‘The explanation… … .’
After checking the picture of the seeker floating in the air in a lotus position, Sirone read the text at the bottom.
Seeker: A person who has realized the truth of the world.
Special Ability: The Justice of the Law.
Effect: You can choose one of two laws.
Currently selected Torah – White.
“what? This… … .”
It meant that they could freely move between the white and black zones.
“wow! Seekers!”
Kai looked at Sirone’s card and widened his eyes.
“You know about job cards?”
“Of course I know. At Black, everyone learns! I actually make cards and do rehearsals.”
With no production activities, there would be plenty of time.
“The seeker is really good. You can stick anywhere, so you can return alive unconditionally.”
Since it was a survival test in which participants in one area had to be annihilated, it was only natural that the investigators were highly valued.
“But then the area changes. If I choose Black and win, I can’t go White.”
“Is that a problem? You won’t die anyway.”
Sirone suddenly realized.
‘Is that so?’
Whether white or black, what could be more important to a living being than living today?
“Kai, what is your job card?”
When Sirone asked, Kai slowly flipped the card he was holding in his bracken hand.
“I am… … This is it.”
It was Class B, and the card name was Magician.
Magician: One who deceives most of the people.
Special Ability: Magic Card.
Effect: You can change one of White Black’s weapon cards into a random card. However, the effect follows the existing card.
Current Magic Cards – Class Cards (Magician).
Kai looked disappointed.
“This is of no use to me. Changing cards doesn’t work, and no one will be scared by me if I cheat. It should be a job that raises your physical abilities.”
Sirone asked.
“The one who attacked us earlier. What do you think his occupation was?”
“Probably Pierrot. I have the ability called acrobatics, so I can move quickly.”
“Hmm, because job cards are not transferable anyway.”
Sirone comforted Kai and stood up.
“Depending on how magicians use it, it will be a good strategy. Don’t worry, I’ll be with you.”
“But my brother… … It is white.”
Sirone took out her job card and held it up.
‘It defines the law.’
The card flashed briefly, then white was erased from the currently selected law and black was newly inscribed.
“How about it, are you on the same side?”
“… … .”
Sirone’s decision was unexpected, as it was common to always use Seekers to side with the strong.
Of course, it is the ability to change the law at any time, but it was enough to give Kai a minimum of trust.
“yes!”
As Kai stood up with an expression of energy, Sirone smiled and pointed to the forest.
“Let’s go. First of all, we need to collect weapon cards. There will still be some left.”
No matter how superior his physical ability was, it was not an Anaki mountain that could be searched for in 30 minutes.
“The weapon strongly reflects the white-black moonlight.”
Said Kai as he searched the mountains.
“It doesn’t reflect normal light, though. Anyway, if you go to a place with moonlight, you should be able to pick up one or two.”
Kai, who knew a lot, was helping Sirone even if he had no fighting power.
As I followed the moonlight, I saw a card shining like a star among the green grass.
“It’s a weapon!”
Kai ran quickly, but as soon as he was about to pick up the card, he noticed Sirone.
“Oh, sorry. But since the weapon is transferable… … .”
Since he was relying on Sirone for his life, he couldn’t readily check the card.
“are you okay. Pick it up and check it out.”
Since Sirone was already able to protect herself with magic, she was willing to give up unless it was a strategically important card.
When the permission was given, Kai’s eyes contained the anticipation of a child searching for treasure.
“Oh, it’s too bad. There are better things than this.”
“what’s the matter? Is it bad?”
“It is not trash. See for yourself.”
It was the same size as the job card, and had a crude circular shield picture drawn in the middle.
‘An old copper shield. Class D.’
Old copper shield.
Description: Before smelting technology developed, it is said that shields were made by casting copper.
Effect: Reduces damage taken by 10%.
“Is the damage reduced just by holding it?”
“yes. The law of white black makes it so. This is the most common shield card. I wish it was a high quality copper shield. It’s a C grade, and it’s a 20 percent drop.”
“Where is this anyway? You should have it.”
If you collect several other shield cards, you will have enough defensive power to make Shirone feel relieved.
Kai waved his finger left and right.
“Even if you have it, it won’t help much. There is a 10% damage reduction, but it’s mana. You saw the armed bomb earlier. That’s just a B-class card.”
“Then what are you going to do?”
“It’s using the magician’s special ability. magic card. Change this to S-class and exchange it with other participants’ cards.”
“Is there such a case?”
“A lot. The same area is frequent, and towards the end of the test, there are times when I exchange with the enemy. After all, you have to survive to win.”
It was the words of a veteran who had already gone through a lot of rehearsals.
“I activate the magic card!”
As Kai raised his hand and shouted, the old copper shield card glowed and turned into an S-rank.
CPR (consumption).
Description: Do your best and heaven will help.
Effect: Among those who participated in White Black, you can resurrect an already dead target.
However, it cannot be used on yourself.
“Voila. This is the most popular CPR card. Since you can resurrect an ally once, the combat power of the person who has it increases significantly. If you trade as a team, you will be able to exchange several cards of the same class.”
“If it were the law of resurrection, it would be so. But it’s made of magic. After all, the effect is an old copper shield.”
Kai asked with a desperate expression.
“I can never do it alone. It’s clear that they’ll try to kill and steal it. But if my brother supports me, I’ll use this to get a lot of advanced cards.”
‘To be wicked… … .’
No matter how young, black was black.
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 722 - The World We Live in (3).txt
===============================
[722] The world we live in (3)
When Kai fired a signal flare, the same flare from the other side of the mountain responded.
Kai said as he buried the shell of the flare in the ground.
“Hehe, but they gave the signal that they were on the same side. perhaps… … Circumstances have changed and he may have had no choice but to kill him.”
To deceive Kai, he would have had no choice but to give signal flares like the other Black participants.
‘I guess that’s what I want to believe.’
Sirone did not bother to reveal his thoughts.
Just by looking at the magician’s decision to exchange for a high-end card with his special ability, it meant that he already knew it.
“Are you okay? If the same black team cheats, it will be dangerous in the final game.”
“no one… … I don’t care about my life.”
Kai turned his head with a dark expression.
“When my parents died, the chief of Black told me to take care of myself. He said he didn’t care if he died.”
Black was a world of survival of the fittest.
“In the Black Zone, if you don’t need it, you have to die. But his brother spared him. I have to do something to be on the same side. I will collect advanced cards.”
White would have voted for it.
‘Reasonable is always right… … .’
The child’s earnestness, struggling to survive, could not be said to be wrong either.
‘Kai can’t go white. Then I have to fight in black.’
After waiting for about 20 minutes, three black participants emerged from the bushes.
They approached only to the distance where they could identify friends and family, looked at their son-in-law, and smiled at Kai.
“Hey, Kai. Did you do the right thing?”
Kai staggered back at the words that clearly felt life-threatening, but the leader of the black team stopped his colleagues.
“Wait a minute. There is one more.”
She wanted to avoid a battle as much as possible, so Sirone waited where they could see them.
“He’s the one who eliminated Pharoah.”
Death could not be determined in any case until the law of white black was over.
“Kai! How dare you trick us!”
A member of the black team pulled out a card, and at the same time Kai shook his hands vigorously.
“no! I’m a seeker! It’s our team now!”
“A seeker?”
When the black team asked, Sirone took out a job card and walked over to Kai’s side.
“I can choose the law. And now it’s the black team. As long as Kai is safe, I have no intention of changing it.”
It’s hard to believe it right away, but they were tired of experiencing the remoteness of the White District.
“Hmph, like hypocrites. Are you still living while voting? Hey, go check it out.”
A member of the black team who approached cautiously checked the seeker card and backed off in the same motion.
“Are you sure. Currently, it is the black team.”
“Hmm, seeker. I thought you were a wizard.”
In any case, it was good that Black had a strong person who evaded the armed bomb and eliminated Pharoah.
“so… … Which card are you going to deal with?”
Kai deftly held up his S-rank card.
“This is the CPR we got. I want to exchange it for two S-rank cards or four A-rank cards.”
“CPR?”
It was definitely a card with great value, so even the black team’s eyes changed.
“How did you get it?”
Sirone said.
“I got it. As you can guess, I am a wizard. You can use magic without the law of white black.”
If true, the victory or defeat of this survival test was already leaning towards black, but the fact that he was a seeker was at stake.
‘shit! There was a wizard on the white side?’
Although the population of White Black is small, it is not that there are no people who have realized the Spirit Zone.
“Then why were you in White? It’s normal to have already destroyed it and come over to black.”
“That is for me to judge. You’re on the black team anyway, right? A deal, are you going to do it or not?”
After the black team exchanged whispers, the leader pulled out a card and came closer than before.
“I present one S-rank and two A-rank. We have Medios mages, ties, and act city zombies.”
Kai murmured with a surprised expression.
“The mage of Medios… … .”
It was an S rank, and it was an effective possession card in battle.
Medios mage (possession)
Description: It is said that fallen mages spend their entire lives in exile in Medios.
Effect: Can cast powerful magic for 60 seconds. Cooldown 360 seconds.
Current wait time: 0 seconds.
‘If only I had that card… … .’
It was a card like a lifeline to Kai.
“Wait a minute. What we offer is two S-ranks or four A-ranks. One S-class card and two A-class cards don’t count, right?”
“No, it will never be a losing trade. Even if it’s class A, there’s a bond. If it were Kai, would you know?”
Bonding (Functional).
Explanation: Trust is proportional to time and inversely proportional to distance.
Effect: Doubles the activation time of the card you have.
Seeing the effect, Sirone’s eyes shone.
‘I see. When combined with a bond, the possession time of the Medios mage increases to 120 seconds.’
It also meant that the value of CPR was high.
City Zombie (summoned) upon act.
Description: The zombie avalanche that occurred in Act City turned out to be an evolution, not a mutation.
Effect: 20 objects. fast and powerful Break the head, or break everything except the head.
Special Ability: Infection. If you get bitten, you become a zombie.
The zombies during the last act confirmed would also be a reliable ally to Kai.
“How are you, bro? Shall we trade?”
At Kai’s clever question, Sirone also pretended to be worried for a while, then nodded.
“good. Because getting a lot of weapons is important.”
“for a moment. I have something to check before that.”
The leader of the black team held out his hand.
“Show me Kai’s job card. To be prepared for any unforeseen contingencies. I won’t even reveal my job.”
The leader’s job was a thief and his special ability was a pickpocket.
‘The ability to rob a card when the opponent enters within a 2 meter radius without being aware of it.’
If it was a function of the law, there could be a situation where you couldn’t feel the presence, but there were no cards to be taken away anyway.
‘The problem is Kai.’
The magician’s special ability magic card can change only one card into any card.
Therefore, there was no room to change the job card now that the old copper shield was replaced with CPR.
“What are you doing? Reveal your job card soon.”
The corners of Kai’s smiling lips trembled.
“great. But there is a condition. It’s just me and the two of us checking it out. If you get close, the pickpocket will start.”
Although there are no cards, bluffing is also part of a tactic, so Kai’s proposal was reasonable.
‘But you won’t have the talent to fool the black team. Is there a strategy you haven’t told me?’
Kai turned to Sirone and said.
“Do not worry. I’ll finish it soon.”
Kai, who reassured Sirone in a very mature way, faced the leader of the black team in the middle of the clearing.
“First, check the card.”
“Here are three chapters. Now show me your job card and CPR. You must show them together.”
“Sure. Here you are.”
Occupation was a magician.
However, the gesture of holding the card in front of his eyes was so nonchalant that the leader felt cognitive dissonance for a moment.
‘What are you, a magician? What, a magician?’
CPR is fake.
“This child… … !”
Just when the belated anger was about to blow away his reason, Kai shouted as he snatched the card from the leader’s hand.
“brother! Run quickly! I will stop you!”
The moment when Kai, who found the mage of Medios, was about to shout while holding up his card.
“Gagging!”
The leader’s dagger stabbed Kai in the stomach.
“Damn you son of a bitch… … trick me?”
“Kai!”
As Sirone kicked the ground and approached, the leader who took the card from Kai immediately activated Medios’ mage.
“Magical Fire!”
Blue light shimmered from the body of the leader possessed by the mage, and a huge fireball fell from the sky.
“Activate! Zombies in action!”
“Goooooooooo!”
Twenty zombies were summoned and charged at Sirone with great speed.
“These children… … !”
The remaining two members of the Black Team joined the battle as the photon cannons blew the zombies’ heads off.
“Activate! The clamor of the live burial!”
The clamor of the live burial.
Description: The people of Kvashtra Village have been buried alive by a mad lord.
Their voices catch the footsteps of the living.
Effect: Constrain the opponent for 2 seconds after activation.
“Oohhhh!”
As the ghosts of the dead appeared from the ground and grabbed her ankles, zombies from all directions gathered at Sirone.
‘Broad!’
The black team’s giant body flew away while zombies’ arms and legs splattered like shrapnel in the light curtain.
‘Special ability. werewolf.’
Hair began to sprout from the body of the giant with the Druid class card, and the long snout flared open.
“Aaaaaang!”
The weapon card caught on the tip of the wolf’s claw shone.
wild action.
Description: Anyone can become overzealous.
Effect: Exactly reproduces the action you imagine. However, safety cannot be guaranteed.
“Can I really avoid it?”
The werewolf’s flamboyant movements recreating the scene in his head penetrated Sirone’s loophole.
‘Choeni Bardo!’
Everyone on the Black Team widened their eyes as the sharp fingernail passed the spot where Sirone had been.
“what?”
The fact that the effects of the clamor for burial were gone before they were over meant that the law was not violated.
“damn! Where did you disappear… … !”
The moment the leader turned his body, the photon cannons that rained down like shotguns pounded the entire black team.
“Gagging! Kuck!”
Without even having time to look after the Black Team, who flew out almost simultaneously and collapsed on the grass, Sirone ran to Kai.
“Kai! Wake! Kai!”
Kai opened his eyes with the spot where the dagger had been lodged red with blood.
“brother… … sorry.”
“… … why?”
Why?
“Why didn’t you ask for help? You know I’m a wizard, right? Why did you do such a stupid thing?”
Kai shook his head with difficulty.
“I don’t know. just… … I was scared.”
“what? What were you so afraid of?”
“I’m afraid my brother will be disappointed.”
Sirone was speechless.
“I was trying to help somehow… … sorry. Shouting loudly like an idiot, doing nothing… … .”
He seemed to know what he wanted to say.
“You don’t have to talk anymore. Let’s start with treatment.”
“My brother saved me… … I wanted to be acknowledged… … I’m afraid of being suspicious by my brother… … .”
“Don’t tell me! Blood keeps coming out!”
“sorry… … brother.”
Kai’s head fell to the side, and the heartbeat in his panting chest calmed down.
“Kai! Kai!”
what is this world
The paradox of white black is that there is no way to go back from black to white.
‘The true good is… … .’
Doesn’t differentiate between good and evil.
Deep in thought, Sirone placed Kai’s corpse in a cozy forest.
Sirone’s eyebrows curled sadly as he examined Kai’s job card that he had been holding until the end.
Magician: One who deceives most of the people.
It must have been the feeling that a child abandoned by the world wanted to protect for the first time in his life.
“CPR.”
Sirone gently placed the job card on the back of Kai’s hands, which were folded neatly.
“wait. I’ll come pick you up right away.”
What is the probability that there will be CPR among the hundred cards created by the harmony of white and black?
“No, it must be.”
While glaring at the moon of the law, Sirone’s body turned into a flash of light and soared into the night sky.
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 723 - The world we live in (4) 1.txt
===============================
[723] The world we live in (4)
Law confrontation white black.
Survivors: 9 people.
White has four survivors.
“We still have the odds on our side.”
Among them was Marco, who enforced the harmony of the law on Syrone in a chariot.
“Four people died at the same time in Black a while ago. 3 of them were the only ones who moved as a team.”
It must have been accurate because the information was confirmed through Marco’s weapon card, the periscope.
“Black will fight as an individual until the end. If we act together from now on, there is a possibility.”
Breeze, a hairdresser in the White District, said.
“Hmm, that would be best. But before that, there’s something to be decided by voting. To reveal the cards.”
If you get a weapon card that is essential for survival, it’s natural that you don’t want to share it, even on the same team.
At first, White’s participants also tried minimal cooperation, but in the end, six people were killed.
“I am against it. Isn’t it too early to put the cards together? Anyway, the black side has only one more than us.”
The objection was voiced by a man in his mid-50s named Ballard, a guard from the White District.
As long as they were trained, their combat power would be superior to other participants, but in White Black, weapon cards were everything.
‘You have a good card.’
Marco wanted to combine the cards even more.
“Okay, then let’s decide by voting. Me, Breeze, and Atria are in favor of merging the cards.”
Atria, a 16-year-old girl, raised her hand.
“I haven’t said anything yet.”
Of course, she didn’t have advanced cards, but if she asked me to put the cards together, she would be looked down upon.
“I mean, cards anyway… … . OK got it. What are you going to do? Is it a team or an individual?”
Atria bowed her head sullenly.
“Tim.”
“It’s going to be like that anyway, but it bounces… … .”
Marco sighed and turned to Ballard.
“Now, is it over? Three votes in favor. It is a vote against.”
Ballard’s expression crumpled.
“Damn voting.”
“Hey, if you ignore White’s rules… … .”
“know. i’m the guard It’s a job where if you don’t follow the rules, you’ll throw away the muk bowl. Even if you are young, I want to teach you.”
When living peacefully in the White District, Marco also had good friendships with the residents.
‘I will definitely return alive.’
When he thought of his family waiting at home, he could easily become impudent.
“Then let’s share cards from now on. After putting them all together, we’ll redistribute them according to roles. Combat, Assistance, Exploration, etc… … .”
As Marco rummaged through his arms, Sirone landed with the noise of space movement.
“What, what!”
All of White’s participants jumped to their feet.
“How are you alive?”
There were obviously four survivors of White confirmed by the periscope card, so Marco felt like he had seen a ghost.
Sirone held out her Seeker card and said.
“It’s black. I came here because I have something to offer you.”
“Seeker… … .”
Marco’s head spun rapidly as Breeze looked at the class card, her eyes shining.
‘A seeker came out? So is he 4 vs 5? If Sirone moves over to White, he can have a numerical advantage in addition to building a team. We won.”
Sirone asked with an annoyed expression.
“Why are you so surprised? Did you really think I was going to die while activating the harmony of the law?”
“No, you are welcome. I told you. I don’t think it would be particularly dangerous. We were looking for you too.”
Everyone knew that it was a lie, but it was a situation where they could not honestly confess it.
“Why don’t you forget about the past and move with us? If you join us, the game will go to White… … .”
“I am black.”
Sirone stopped talking.
“Again, I’m just here to make a suggestion. I won’t do you any harm if you accept it.”
There was life in Ballard’s eyes.
“Hey, kid. You think seekers are all-powerful, but this is a battlefield where the laws are harmonized. There’s no reason we can’t do it like Black.”
Marco stopped Ballard.
“Wait a minute. You might be an ally, but you don’t have to fight, right? Why don’t we decide by voting?”
This time, Sirone snorted.
“Sounds like a vote.”
Participants’ faces turned pale as they saw photons from the photon cannon hovering over their palms.
“Oh, magic… … ?”
When I threw the vibrating orb of light as if tossing it away, the rock exploded with a roaring sound.
‘How does a seeker use magic? Is it a weapon card? No, I never took out a card. then… … .’
He was a wizard from the beginning.
“no way… … Were you the one who killed the black team?”
Unless it was an incident of that magnitude, it was not possible to find out why 4 participants in the Black Zone died at the same time.
“okay. Black or white, it doesn’t matter. If you don’t accept my offer, the four of you will do the same.”
Marco fell silent at the terrifying threat, and Breeze asked with a frightened face.
“What is your proposal?”
Sirone held out his hand and moved on.
“Take out all the cards you have.”
* * *
Labyrinth Andre – World No. 1.
‘It’s a dragon. It’s a real dragon.’
I had seen the water dragon Caios on Galliant Island before, but it was the first time I had a conversation with him so close.
‘That’s also Kara Torsa.’
Although it is called the king of dragons, it is known that it does not already exist in Sirone’s world.
-When no one can handle it, I will handle it.
Only the word that he spat out before taking a rest in the depths of the backcountry where no one could find was being talked about.
“Karatorsa, I found someone who remembers reincarnation.”
The thunderbolt dragon that pulled Sirone out of the cave landed next to Kara Torsa and said.
‘Definitely different.’
Unlike other dragons, it had a remarkably smooth body and a sharp beak reminiscent of a sword.
“It certainly is. But this probably belongs to the first reincarnation, Blitz.”
Sirone’s eyes widened.
‘Blitz? That dragon?’
Although Karatorsa became a legend after she went to rest, Blitz was the most famous dragon in Sirone’s world.
Brain Pterodactyl Blitz.
Among the first-class dragons called the 12 Apostles, it was considered to be the strongest in terms of combat power.
Lightning strikes on the ground while flying at supersonic speed is a picture that symbolizes Blitz, and Sirone also imagined the scene through the works of numerous artists.
“… … okay. This is the first case.”
Blitz, who had absorbed Karatorsa’s experience, looked down at Sirone with cold eyes.
“It is a drop of poison that has been burned by the stream of time. It is natural to remove it before it spreads further.”
The only result Sirone made was saving some primitive people, but it would develop into a completely different history in the future.
“You know.”
But that meant the dragons had a perfect understanding of the Reset.
Karatorsa said.
“Those who came from the future, we are the apostles who protect time from the fear of reincarnation. But because of you, hundreds of millions of people who will exist in the future will disappear.”
If some transcendent being tried to change the system through a reset, the dragon was an antithesis to that.
“I feel a sense of responsibility. But you can’t turn a blind eye to someone who is in danger.”
That was Sirone’s curl.
“I cannot delay any longer. Disappear for the sake of hundreds of millions of people you will erase again in the future.”
A breath of plasma began to spread between Blitz’s clenched teeth.
“no. no.”
Mitochondrial Eve stood in front of Sirone and spread her arms wide.
“Stand back, you who remember reincarnation. If you don’t remove interest, your blueprints will be useless.”
The underlying event of Mitochondrial Eve was essential information for the apostles who guarded time.
“you can do it.”
Mitochondrial Eve was doing its best to speak language.
“Sirone is… … you can do it. I can stop it.”
“Can you stop it?”
Caratorosa, lost in thought for a moment, looked back at Sirone and raised her eyes.
“Keugh!”
The feeling of my head being filled with light was similar to clearing the snow skill, but it was a different level of intensity.
‘Memories are forcibly opened.’
It was a kind of mental hacking, and Sirone did everything possible to cut off Kara Torsa’s access.
‘With the Ultima system… … !’
When he dismantled the initial dragon words made up of binary numbers, Mudeungryong’s head soared into the sky.
“Great!”
“Kara Torsa!”
Blitz, who shouted sharply, glared at Sirone and created an orb of thunderbolt in front of his eyes.
“What dare you do… … !”
Karatorsa’s voice stopped the blitz.
“The ultimate language.”
Where the dragons turned their heads, Kara Torsa was staring up at the sky with her huge eyes raised.
“indeed… … Is it like that?”
If the perfect signal that embodies the world is the dragon word, the Ultima system is the higher signal that implements the dragon language.
“So I was able to come here. You have unlocked the seal of time with the ultimate language.”
To be precise, the space-time prison created by Guffin was opened with the Ultima system.
“You can do it, human. With your signal added, we can right the twisted history.”
“How is that?”
Karatorsa’s explanation was grotesque.
“Unless the time prior to now is sealed, events that have already occurred cannot be undone.”
This was World 1.
“Then the only option is to correct history by force in an irreversible state. It is to anticipate all the variables that will happen in the future and eliminate them.”
“that is… … Is this possible?”
“It is possible with the arithmetic ability of the time apostles and dragons. Roughly 673 years from now it will flow into the same history as you never came.”
It was time for a single drop of poison to be cleansed.
“The problem is that it’s not a way to get rid of it over time. It must happen simultaneously. That’s why you need a master code, the ultimate language. You permeate the world yourself and apply the results we draw.”
“It’s an immortal function.”
It is to expand the self to infinity and input new variables that transcend time and space into the Ultima system.
An insight I had vaguely guessed at some point.
‘This is how to break Andre’s seal.’
Even if they were exploring 19,000 worlds at the same time, each sirone had its own life.
‘I don’t want to die.’
So what was needed to break Andre’s seal was something that made him willing to sacrifice himself.
“Human being, you may not be you now, but find me in your world in the distant future. Blitz will lead.”
Blitz met Sirone’s eyes and nodded with an unwavering gaze like time.
“Sacrifice me. Abandon yourself for the hundreds of millions of lives that will be lost because of you.”
for those who will live in the future.
“For the future.”
Mitochondrial Eve burst into tears.
‘I can wait. I can stand it.’
It’s not a permanent farewell.
But she also knew how long it would take before we met again.
Indeed, tens of thousands of years.
It was the amount of longing she had to endure alone for eons of time, waiting only for Sirone to appear.
“You must make a choice, human.”
Sirone sucked in a lot of air, looked up at the sunset sky, and was lost in thought.
“I am… … .”
Hundreds of pupils were waiting for a decision.
(end of volume 29)
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 724 - Face Off (1) 1.txt
===============================
[724] Face Off (1)Labyrinth Andre – World No. 283.Sirone suddenly realized.’Immortal function.’The solution to the problem he had been thinking about for days was permeating through the circuit of insight.The only way to break Andre’s seal was to open up this world by expanding his mind to infinity.’but… … Why should I?’What is the difference between suicide and suicide?”we are! today! try hard! It works!”Worker ants emitting cheerful pheromones were carrying food in rows as far as the eye could see.At Queen Garnet’s suggestion, Sirone was also on the move carrying the flesh of dead insects.“Sirone, don’t you enjoy working?”The worker ants that overtook the heat turned to Sirone, who was lost in thought, releasing pheromones.“Yes, of course.”Wiping the sweat, Sirone smiled.“It’s not good to be preoccupied with thoughts. Because when you get lost in thoughts within your thoughts, you lose sight of what really matters.”“What really matters? what is that?”“Well, maybe that’s why you’re thinking?”“… … .”As Sirone stopped walking and blinked, the worker ant continued to speak while shaking off the soil.“When you actually encounter something, you find that it’s not quite what you thought it would be. Sometimes not thinking is the answer.”’Thoughts in thoughts… … .’The nature imprinted in the genes of minor creatures contained their own definition of cowardice.-Garnet Colony is not complicated.The Queen’s words echoed in my head.“Thank you for your hard work today!”Arriving at the Garnet Colony after finishing her day, Sirone washed herself in the drinking water cellar.It’s unusual for ants that communicate with pheromones, but Sirone was a human.’I worked hard, so maybe I can use a little bit.’After wiping off the soil and going down to the basement of the colony, noble ants were occupying the alley.All of them were male ants, and they were full of hostility toward Sirone, who was resting in the territory of the princess ants.“Can you get out of the way?”As Sirone advanced, he could feel the web of murder they had spread on his skin.Darane, who had a bad first impression, stood in the way.“Do you think you get special treatment? you’re welcome. You are the plaything of princesses. The moment you get tired of it, it becomes food.”Whenever she comes into contact with a wild life that lacks humanity, Sirone knows where she is.’It’s just acting according to nature.’So I can’t blame them.“Get out of the way. I understand how you feel, but I’m a different species. I have no reason to argue with you guys.”“You know what? It’s getting difficult to procure food for the Garnet Colony right now. It’s because the army ants have expanded their territory.””so?”Darane’s chin was aimed at Sirone.“I want to see how rich human nutrients are. Because that is the role of nobles.”There were already frequent local wars, and the aristocrats who had to inherit the descendants were extremely sensitive.‘There is nothing insignificant, but… … .’Sirone’s life was not insignificant.”Move. I am the Queen’s special guest. Would that have been the order?”“Even in peacetime. If the exhibition… … .”When Darane opened his jaw like scissors, the pheromone of the 13th night erupted from behind the noble ants.“Stop it.”The male ants, who were offended by that alone, looked back and saw that the 13th night was exuding a vicious energy.Darane pushed the nobles away and approached.“Did you just give the noble an order? Do we look easy enough just because we wander around the battlefield?”On the 13th night of winning the local battle today, countless wounds were engraved on the body.“This is an advice for Daranne. That human is the Queen’s guest, and above all else, he is the strongest.”It meant that the aristocrats who had never experienced combat were no match for them.”joy! Is it because you use the same thing? That means I have to obey you too.”“Don’t misunderstand. This is the message from Princess Merott. He told me not to have any inconvenience in my stay.”If Merott, the first in the princess hierarchy, had delivered, the nobles would not have been able to lay a hand on Sirone.“Good. Why don’t you hurry up and fawn?”Following the path opened by Darane, Sirone descended underground and sighed as she left the aristocratic area.”thank you. Thanks to you, I avoided a fight.”A soldier is an existence that follows the orders of a nobleman, but on the 13th night, he was an ant who realized the art of incarnation.“The herpes of the army ants is not serious. The atmosphere is messy. Be on your own for the time being.”When the 13th night was over and we arrived at the inn, a completely different hospitality from the aristocratic district followed.“Come on, Sirone. Was it hard?”In an instant, the princesses who gathered around Sirone released chatty pheromones.“How was the world outside? Were there many dead insects?”“What color was the sun? Color 2837?”When Merott appeared, the princesses moved aside in unison.“You were safe. It’s good, sirone.”The local war that took place near the colony was a hot topic even among the princesses.“Army ants are different from us. Instead of minimizing the labor force, it mass-produces numerous soldier ants.”On the way to the inn, Merott informed me of the situation.“We expand our territory by occupying colonies like that. If an all-out war breaks out, the damage will be great.”However, it was impossible to move the colony.“If there is a war, then I will fight too. But sirone, you don’t have to be in the colony.”The situation seemed more serious than I thought.”You don’t have to get involved in a war. If you want to leave, leave tonight. I will allow you.”“Melot… … .”Ants are small creatures.At least to Sirone, who lived in the human world, he was not precious enough to sacrifice his life.’Is there a better value in life?’Returning to the inn, Sirone lay down on the dirt floor with an arm pillow and was lost in thought.’I don’t want to disappear like this.’What if I showed someone an ant and asked them to die for it?It was clear that if he was joking, he would be treated like a madman, and if he was serious, he would get slapped.’No, not because it’s an ant. Because there is nothing more precious than your own life. There must be another way.’It would be the same for Sirone, who was exploring another world, but there was no way he would open Immortal Function.how long have you been sleepingAt the sound of thunder outside, Sirone slowly raised her eyelids.’Is it raining?’This was the lowest level of the colony.”It’s not raining!”When Sirone jumped up and took out the artificial brain and others, a huge amount of information began to be transmitted.“Stop! Protect the Queen’s room!”“Kieek! Get out of here, ugly things!”When Sirone jumped up and jumped out of the dorm using the recoil, a bizarre sight unfolded that made his heart stop.’Army ant.’Its body was twice as large as the Garnet Colony’s soldiers, and its head was even three times as large.The powerful jaws on its massive head knocked the ants’ necks off each time they crossed.“I can’t die yet! Protect me!”All the male ants on the upper floor started to run away from the attack of the army ants that invaded at night.They are usually aristocrats who show off their enormous size, but they were no match for the giant army ant.“Where are the soldiers! Protect me quickly!”Darane emitted frightened pheromones, but only army ants swarmed.“Die, you insignificant races!”“Quaaaaaa!”The thirteenth night flew in just as Daranen’s body, buried by the army ants, turned over.Law of the Earth – Ant Hell.As the landscape was denied, the bodies of the army ants that were biting Darane were torn to pieces.”you… … .”Darane refused to be supported with the pride of the last remaining nobleman, but he was already unable to move.“Sirone.”The thirteenth night looked back at Sirone.“I will protect the queen.”Since the queen could not move along the colony, she was the most unnecessary being in an attacking situation.“Because I am on the 13th night.”It was a happy life to be able to have a name.”wait! You don’t have to protect me! The queen has already… … !”As the thirteenth night left behind Darane’s pheromone, Sirone suddenly came to his senses.“Melot!”Army ants were already roaming around the princess’s residence, and screams could be heard from all directions.“Melot! Mero… … !”Upon arriving at the residence, three army ants were holding Merott down and strangling him.As if playing a prank, I felt my hair stand on end as I pressed my sharp jaw under her chin.“Sirone… … .”Finding Sirone, Merott opened his jaw.“Run away! Run quickly!”At that moment, what came to Sirone’s mind.’If anything really happens… … .’- You will find out that it is completely different from what you thought.It was the pheromone of an unknown worker ant.“Run away! You shouldn’t be here!”As Merott desperately grabbed the army ant, the ant biting under his chin tensed his body.“Stay still! I’ll cut your throat!”Right before Merott’s throat was cut, the flash of a photon cannon flew in and hit the army ant’s head.Colleagues who identified the fallen army ant with their antennae raised their upper bodies and shouted.”what! To say that there is such a paper… … !”Before the pheromone was even sprayed, the army ants that were hit by the photon cannon were pinned to the wall.’If you look into it, everyone has the same life.’High and low are meaningless to beings who are born endlessly circulating the kalpa of reincarnation.’The same goes for those ants.’Realizing how to stop the war, Sirone approached Merott and held out her hand.”are you okay? Can you move?”“Sirone… … What about that from a moment ago?”I heard about magic, but I didn’t know it had such powerful power.“Let’s go out. There is something I want to show you.”There was no reason to delay any longer.* * *Labyrinth Andre – World No. 847.“Kill! We’ll pay for what we’ve been through!”Syrone’s code is 427,621.Numerous citizens stormed the temple after realizing that there was no one with authority in the codename anymore.“Damn it! Let go! Touch me on the subject of 800,000 codes!”Gale, who was being beaten with a stick, couldn’t stand it and struggled, but the fist flew in without a doubt.”shut up! what’s the difference between you and me He must have bullied me for being a little higher than that!”Gail, who harassed countless women under the pretext of the high code number 9, was the most miserable to suffer.However, the resentment that the residents of the lower codes had was not limited to those who suffered directly.“Kill them all! I mean, they’re all going to die!”Drain, once the king of code names, was already lying unconscious, but the kicking didn’t stop.“You are the worst! you! you!”In a situation where even the standard of how high a ranking was has disappeared, people were just destroying everything in sight.”Sirone, I’m scared… … .”Panica hid behind Sirone’s back and trembled.”are you okay. Because I am.”In a world where ranking discrimination disappeared, Sirone was the only one who could use authority.That’s why the residents couldn’t even dare to approach Sirone, but it had long since lost its meaning.’There is no ranking for humans.’There is no standard of being noble from here and low from there.“Sirone? Where?”At Panika’s question, Sirone smiled sadly.“Because there is no good life without saving it.”Sirone opened her arms wide as if embracing the whole world and slowly closed her eyes.A single tear flowed down again.’May everyone be happy.’There was no reason to delay any longer.=======================================

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 725 - Face Off (.txt
===============================
[725] Face Off (2)
* * *
Seongeum and Sambo looked at the scene where a huge crater unfolded as if a meteorite had fallen.
“That place… … .”
It was the center of the Labyrinth Jessica.
“Something seems to have gone down.”
The reason Mungyeong’s voice is serious is because the size of the crater is beyond imagination.
‘Still, the fallen object is not visible. What the hell did it fall on?’
Volcano’s leader, Ziggs muttered.
“Ymir’s fangs.”
Seongeum, who had annihilated Volcano, forcibly set him up as a guide, but he was the first to arrive at the center anyway.
However, there was a story that came down like a legend.
“Rumor has it that Jessica is the area where Ymir’s molars fell a long time ago.”
“molar? Could such a pit be dug by a single fallen tooth?”
It was a crater about 2 kilometers in diameter.
“Princess, according to the ancient documents, Ymir is a giant who absorbed over 10,000 bodies. If the molars were pulled out in a gigantic state, the mass would be quite large.”
Ziggs let out a laugh.
“You are misunderstanding something.”
Mungyeong looked back with a displeased expression.
“mistaken?”
“You know about heaven. Ilhwa’s liquor is a technique that melts humans into giants. And Ymir is an unprecedented giant who has reached level 10 of Anecdote. Do you know what that means?”
Seongeum asked in a nonchalant manner.
“What do you mean?”
“The number of people who go into the anecdote is about 8 to 10 people. 10 such giants gather again and are born into the next giant. According to these calculations, the number of humans required to reach level 10 of Anecdotal Art… … .”
Ziggs raised a finger.
“That means reaching 10 billion people.”
“10 billion… … .”
Mungyeong couldn’t picture Ymir in his head.
“That is the king of giants, Ymir. Aside from how they put together the minds of 10 billion people, the numbers themselves don’t make sense. Even if he is not in a gigantic state, if the molars of such a person have fallen, it is my judgment that even a hole of this size can be made.”
Seongeum rested her chin on her chin and was lost in thought.
“if so… … What kind of incident was it that pulled out the molars of such a person?”
“It is unknown. Maybe someone from before history had a proper fight with Ymir.”
Ziggs looked back at the vast crater.
“As you know, giants are entitled to leave for a new world from the moment they pass the 6th level. The reason is that you can manipulate telomere levels from then on.”
Mungyeong recalled the secret of the Jincheon Space Agency.
“Partialization and Meganization.”
“okay. Tier 6 giants can create new entities with parts of their bodies. Also, if you use up your telomeres to the extreme, you can turn into a gigantic body. The average height of a Tier 6 giant is 80 meters, but when gigantic is activated, it is close to 2 kilometers.”
As he devoted his entire life to researching giants, it was information comparable to that of the Jincheon Space Agency.
“The peculiar thing is that the average height rather decreases after the 6th stage. We call this a response. It is a phenomenon in which the power increases as the size decreases. Volcano estimates Ymir’s response to be at most three meters or so.”
“A three-meter giant made of 10 billion humans?”
“Perhaps Ymir, who fought to the death here long ago, wasn’t as huge as I thought. She actually doesn’t even want to think about it. Because she realizes how small humans are.”
While Mungyeong remained silent, Seongeum raised her head.
‘Up there… … .’
In the real sky before artificial skies were created, Ymir would have struggled with something.
‘Is it the power of a single molar?’
In the meantime, a molar tooth was pulled out and it crashed here, and judging by the shock wave, it must have been swept away.
In the place where civilization disappeared, the giants built a pyramid to honor Ymir.
“So is it the remains of a giant?”
The only thing left in the ruins was Ymir’s molar.
“Okay, now that I’ve checked, that’s it.”
Jigsaw’s eyes turned to sadness.
“I didn’t achieve it myself, but my colleagues will be able to close their eyes comfortably now.”
It was a sight I had devoted my whole life to.
“Kill it. My role is over here.”
The reason he came all the way here following the voice that killed his comrades was to complete Volcano’s business.
“It is still too early to end the journey.”
The voice moved to Crater.
“Ymir’s molars. Shouldn’t you be able to see what it is?”
“Princess, but… … .”
Mungyeong, who was hurriedly approaching, stopped hurriedly, sensing the distance of three steps.
“It is dangerous.”
That was the nature of emotion.
It was a place where parts of the real Ymir’s body remained, not Ymir’s parts.
“I am concerned that there may be a transformation.”
“It can’t be this way, it can’t be that way.”
Seong-eum clicked her tongue and looked back at Mungyeong.
“How would you take the Ivory Tower Test if you were afraid of just one tooth? As far as I know, I heard that one of the candidates has already been to heaven.”
Before leaving the Hwangseong, an officer from the Jincheon Space Agency came to visit and said this.
“Mama, one of the Ivory Tower candidates is close to me, so I would like to give you some advice. He says his name is Sirone.”
“I don’t need advice. It must not be a talent show for children. Wouldn’t it be something to risk your life and fight for results?”
“Of course it is. Mama’s upright character is a fact that the world knows. Haona, that’s why I’m telling you.”
At this point, I was also curious about the voice.
“Is that strong, Sirone?”
“It is strong.”
It was a word that came out without a second thought.
“Sirone is definitely strong. But it’s not just about winning and losing. Mama is also the heroine of the world, so the outcome of the battle will be determined by heaven. My concern is… … .”
Anchal, who gently turned his head, recalled Sirone, whom he had watched at Alpheas Magic School, and continued.
“He must be a human with a completely different temperament than the ones Mama has had to fight so far.”
“A completely different temperament?”
“Mama’s heart is not to bend even if it breaks. It’s also great because it never breaks. A steel pine that has been tempered a thousand times. But the one named Sirone… … .”
Anchal’s worries arise at this point.
“I will never try to break Mama.”
“… … .”
“No matter how strong the wind blows, Mama will not budge. But a light breeze can melt even steel.”
Voice hit the knee.
“I asked what you were talking about… … Do you also see me as just a woman! No matter what kind of person Sirone is, I will never give my heart to her!”
“It’s not because Mama is a woman.”
Anchal said with a serious expression.
“Because I am human.”
The brow of the voice narrowed.
“No, maybe because it is a creature.”
“What are you talking about now… … .”
“perhaps!”
Anchal sternly cut off his words.
“Maybe it’s just because Mama exists.”
Seongeum corrected her expression and asked.
“Is it that huge?”
Anchal brought his forehead to his two hands that were gathered together.
“I have no way of estimating its size.”
“Hmm, Sirone?”
“Mama, the strongest candidate in this test is Nane. However, his strength is clearly visible. Mama will never back down. but… … .”
Anchal slowly raised his head.
“You cannot collide with something that does not exist.”
The voice’s eyelids blinked rapidly.
“Mama, watch out for Sirone. You must never let him come into Mama’s gap.”
“I see what you mean.”
Voice raised his chin and said.
“But don’t worry. No one in the world can come inside my security.”
The voice that escaped from the flashback moved on again.
“The candidates who compete with me are not easygoing people. If they are risking their lives to compete, there is no danger I must avoid either.”
Unable to break Seong-eum’s stubbornness, Mungyeong sighed and followed, and Ziggs entered the crater with Sambo.
The two-kilometer-diameter pit reached several hundred meters in depth and was as narrow as a funnel.
‘small. There can’t be a hole like this without a really small thing being slammed into with great force.’
Ziggs’ shoulders trembled as he watched the Volcano hypothesis turn out to be true.
“Where is Ymir’s fangs… … .”
At that time, as the voice murmured, the crater vibrated violently, and the soil from the east, west, south, and north began to be sucked downward.
“Don’t come closer.”
While the voice stopped the party, four huge statues rose from the ground.
“That’s an ancient weapon! Princess, it’s dangerous!”
Jigs stopped Mungyeong.
“wait! That’s Yol! It’s the gateway to the test! If we get close, we too will be caught by the law!”
Just as the angelic law has the name Hera, in heaven the giant’s law is called Yol.
-He who has reached this place.
Four statues rose slowly, finally leaving the ground and rising to a height of 10 meters.
Their faces, crouching like fetuses and looking down at the Holy Spirit, resembled beasts, with long horns embedded in their foreheads.
-Are you a being that crosses the universe?
The sound made by the trembling of the body made of iron seemed to strike directly at the heart.
“If you are asking if I am a giant, I would say no. But if you’re asking if you can cross the universe… … .”
Seongeum covered his mouth with his sleeve and laughed.
“Why can’t I do what you guys can do?”
-… … prove the yol
Powerful flashes emanated from the long horns attached to the four statues and struck the vocal cords.
“Princess!”
Due to the unavoidable act of the law, Seongeum’s body rose up surrounded by light and emitted a tremendous flash of light.
“Huh!”
A tremendous shock rushed to Seongeum and blew her consciousness to the distant far side of the universe.
‘This place… … .’
It was only for a moment that the planet she lived in was visible, and soon a scene of the universe unfolded in the black darkness densely studded with stars.
‘It’s flying endlessly.’
In the inertia of consciousness moving away at the speed of light, Seong-eum realized the fear of an enormous scale.
‘Compared to the gigantic universe, humans are just dust.’
A street so vast that you can feel the certainty that you will never be able to return to the original world.
‘And this… … .’
Seongeum’s body, which had been engulfed in Yol’s flash, stood upright, and her petal-like lips opened softly.
“This is my first step.”
Ether Wave – Infernal Sword.
From the other side of the universe where the voice bounced off, the space was crumpled and pushed towards the body.
“Princess… … .”
When she finally confirmed her daily report, Mungyeong’s shoulders trembled and shed tears of emotion.
‘One step of Jin Seong-eum crosses the universe.’
You will never be able to reach her.
“Is it done now?”
When Seongeum landed on the ground, the four statues that had been silent fell through the floor.
At the same time, a white object quickly jumped out of the center and fell in front of the voice.
Ziggs shouted, his eyes shining.
“Ymir’s fangs!”
Seong-eum, who hates other people’s bodies touching her body, fixed the space and watched from a distance.
A single molar tooth, so small as to be believed to be human, was glistening in the artificial sun.
‘It’s a big deal! The legend was true!’
Since a giant like Ymir can create a new object with just one tooth, Mungyeong hurriedly drew his sword.
“what?”
When there was no response after a long time, Ziggs expressed his opinion.
“Ymir is the only being in the army of heaven who can choose the battlefield. Perhaps his will prevents rebirth.”
“Heh, it’s bland.”
Ego-stricken Sungyin tossed the molar, and Ziggs hurriedly caught it with both hands.
“La Enemy is not here. It’s a pity, but I can’t. Let’s move on.”
From the beginning, the strategy of exploring all three labyrinths was possible only for Jin Seong-eum.
“Okay, where are you going?”
In terms of distance, Andre was close, but it was meaningless anyway to Seongeum, who was beyond the stars.
Seongeum looked back over the horizon and said.
“I’m going to see Sirone.”
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

