===============================
Chapter - 501 - Despair. Despair (4) 2.txt
===============================
[501] Despair. despair (4)
Yin-Yang Wave Fist Cheonbungak.
Ethella’s roundabout kick struck Satan in the stomach.
Hundreds of waves that had entered in advance caused interference, and a terrifying shock wave swirled inside.
“Aagh!”
The feeling that the muscles of the whole body oscillate like waves.
After flying to the end of the fire, Satan slumped with his back against the wall.
‘It can’t end like this.’
Ethella put her left hand behind her back and assumed a neutral combat stance.
second confrontation.
She had tasted death by Frank Wein just a few hours ago.
‘The reason why it doesn’t move… … .’
Because there is an intention.
As she expected, Satan’s gaze went beyond Ethella and included Metiel and Satiel.
‘Hmm, a follower of Zen. This is a bit dangerous.’
If so, you have two options.
To annihilate the archangel and rapidly tip the seesaw of the law, or to remove Ethella with all one’s might.
Feeling Satan’s gaze, Methiel said.
“Escape, Satiel.”
Satiel’s expression crumpled.
“what? escape? Are we the archangels running away?”
“No, you are going alone. Even one person must escape and gather more angels. Otherwise, you cannot win.”
Of course, Satan is the natural enemy of angels who have deviated from the law, but Satiel could not easily admit it.
It is because you can think that Satan’s power is not very strong now if it is enough to fly away from human attacks.
“Just end it here. Even without using the ability, if we both attack, we can destroy it.”
“you’re welcome. Satan is still strong enough. And it keeps getting stronger. The ordinary angels are suffering from Garas.”
“But that human attack worked. If so, our attack will work well enough.”
“It is not a matter of power. That human law denies Satan’s law, so it only won in the match.”
Satiel glared at Ethella’s back.
“You deny Satan’s law? How is that possible? Aren’t humans, like angels, bound by the laws of the Akashic Records?”
“okay. Perhaps that is why Anchera fears humans.”
Methiel finally realized the true meaning of this war, but it was already too late to explain anything.
“What are you talking about? Ra is afraid of humans?”
“Satiel, do as I say.”
At the same time as Methiel fluttered his wings of light and flew away, Satan spurred out the wall.
The target he was aiming at was Ethella.
‘As expected, this is the most annoying.’
Man’s good will destroys the satanic will.
Even Satan did not know how a being included in the Akashic Records could do that.
‘But he’s weak.’
That’s the creature’s limit.
On the other hand, Satan became more than twice as strong as when he was beaten by Ethella just by taking time off.
‘I can end it now.’
Satan rushed at Ethella with terrifying acceleration and raised a huge pitchfork.
At the same time, Methiel flew from the side and slapped Satan’s ribs with his slender arms.
“Keugh!”
It was Methiel who attacked rather than frowned.
As expected, Satan was hardened to the extent that he would not budge even with moderate force unless the force of the law was applied.
“Geuk, are you saying you’re only going to lose half of it?”
The strategy of sacrificing one archangel to save one archangel.
Even so, it was not a losing trade for Satan.
Satan, who twisted his upper body and changed his target, pierced Methiel’s chest with great power.
“Metieriel!”
Seeing a red forearm protruding from the angel’s back, Satiel let out a furious roar.
Her wings spread wide and her upper body leaned forward.
Opposite tendencies born at the same time.
Even though they had been rivals all their lives, at least this moment felt like the other half of themselves was falling away.
“I will kill you!”
Just as he was about to strike the air with his golden wings, Satan’s cold pupils aimed at Satiel.
extinction.
Sensing a chilling fear, Satiel involuntarily changed his mind and took flight with all his might.
‘It’s too late.’
The time Methiel bought while dying was only 1 second.
But that one second was the only time Satiel was able to escape.
The moment Ethella’s fist struck Satan’s face as he condensed the muscles of his entire body to conserve strength like a spring.
Quaang!
At the same time as the impact, Satan flew to the side and hit the hallway, and Satiel broke the ceiling with his head and fled out of Satan’s gaze.
Satan licked his lips in regret and glared at Ethella, moving his pupils as thin as those of a reptile.
Even though he had become so strong, his incarnation was shaken with a single blow.
To say that it was a blow with soul was not an exaggeration at this moment.
After confirming that Satiel had run away, Ethella widened her distance and took a combat stance.
“Cunning creature, don’t use clumsy tricks. After all, I am the only one left.”
“Ha ha ha ha ha ha!”
After bursting into a delightful laugh, Satan straightened his body and spread his arms wide as if he had never done that.
“Admit it, you are on the side of good. but… … .”
Satan’s eyes turned to Methiel, who fell with his heart pierced.
As her body turned into light, it became fine particles and disappeared.
With this, two archangels were annihilated.
Two-eighths of the Akashic Records were gone.
Cuckoo Cuckoo Cuckoo!
As Satan grew visibly and quickly, Ethella stepped back with a serious expression.
“In the end, it is evil that wins.”
A 10-meter-tall red devil was looking down at Ethella, baring his fangs.
* * *
“Aaaaaaa!”
Gaold’s screams burst through the air.
The power of 100 million times the pain was powerful enough to crush the fallen angels and maras surrounding it like porridge, but it was possible only when the concentration to use magic was maintained.
In excruciating pain, Gaold was being sucked back into Hell.
Just like that time 10 years ago, which can never be forgotten in Gangnan’s life.
“Kuaaa! Wow!”
Gaold, whose eyes were already completely dried up, just wandered around with his hands floundering.
It was only a matter of time before they realized that the air press had disappeared, although no one had approached it yet, fed up with the initial power.
“iced coffee! Aagh!”
Gangnan pulled <Jachung> with all his might, but his body couldn’t move forward.
I couldn’t let Gaold go like this.
However, her aspirations were only crushed into delusion by the harsh barriers of reality.
Even in the scene of the tearful struggle, Kariel was just calm.
In the end, the labyrinth did not come.
As long as she was alive, humans were not defeated.
‘An abominable labyrinth.’
Looking down, I quickly looked around the heavens, but I couldn’t even feel her presence.
‘Where are you? Where are you?’
At that moment, a shocking scene caught Kariel’s eyes.
“Ichael… … .”
Kariel trembled all over, not even knowing that Uriel was looking back.
Ichael was dying.
No, maybe that’s an exhilarating thing.
What made him feel ashamed was the fact that he was dying at the hands of Faiel in order to protect Shirone, who was second only to Miro.
‘human! human! A dirty archangel who slept with a human! How far are you going to fall with that filthy body!’
In the image of Ikael protecting Shirone at the risk of extinction, Kariel realized the source of her anger that she had forgotten about.
‘Why is she… … .’
Are you not looking at yourself?
An intense flash of light shot through the sky and curved into Arabot with a roar.
* * *
‘Ichael! Ikael!’
Shirone shed hot tears through her eyes with blood vessels bursting.
He hated himself for not being able to do anything while looking at Ikael, who was gradually weakening from Faiel’s energy.
Because Valhalla Action borrows the principles of the Akashic Records, even those who use magic circles do not know how far the boundary of actions necessary for reversal of cause and effect is.
I just feel helpless and resent everything in the world.
As if understanding Shirone’s feelings, Ikael did not lose his smile, but his face had long since lost its brilliance.
Every time Faiel broke the barrier of amplification and pushed the energy of extinction, Shirone’s heart became devastated like a battlefield.
‘hurry! Please hurry up!’
There is only one minute left until the price of Valhalla’s action is over.
It felt like every second went by so slowly.
Anything will do.
As long as I could move, if I could only return to a state where I could do something, I would have been willing to fall into hell.
“Shirone, when the Valhalla action is released… … .”
Ikael said with a benevolent eye smile.
“Leave Heaven. You must never come here again.”
‘I hate it, Ikael!’
There are so many words I haven’t heard yet.
10 seconds left.
Will Ikael be alive until then?
As fear surged to the point of losing consciousness, something began to condense in Shirone’s heart.
‘I will not forgive you!’
Imagining the existence of Faiel behind Ikael’s back, Shirone waited for ten hellish seconds.
9 seconds. 8 seconds.
‘If only I could move… … .’
4 seconds. 3 seconds.
‘At any cost… … .’
2 seconds. 1 sec.
He doesn’t forgive as much as Faiel.
Reset Valhalla action.
Shirone’s mouth opened.
“Ica… … !”
“Ikaeehell!”
At the same time, a woman’s voice that seemed to be torn apart covered Shirone’s voice.
bang!
Satiel, who flew here to escape Satan from Jebul, kicked Ikael and landed.
“because of you… … ! It’s all because of you!”
She brutally trampled on Ikael.
To think that Methiel, whom he had known for the longest time, was wasting his strength to protect a mere human while he was meaninglessly annihilated at the hands of Satan.
‘Why did he… … .’
Did he ever love such an unfaithful angel?
Even though all the angels hated him, he turned away from himself who was the only one who took his side.
“It’s because of you! all of it!”
Ikael, who had already lost his strength, could not even take a defensive stance even as he was beaten.
Sparks flew in Shirone’s eyes as he watched.
Valhalla action.
As the black and white magic circle rotated above Shirone’s head, Fael stepped in to stop it.
The combination of Valhalla Action and Ataraxia is an unknown territory impossible for angels.
Even if it was a human being, I couldn’t just leave it alone.
“This is the end, Nephilim.”
Just before Faiel’s black hand pierced Shirone’s throat, the flash of teleportation struck Fael.
“Keugh!”
Fleur’s face contorted in pain hugged Fael and fell to the floor.
It’s a shame because Jonah’s excellent sense of distance caught the point where the teleportation was canceled, and even if he had moved forward a little more, his body would have been smashed.
“Shirone! Shoot them down!”
Fleur hugged Faiel and shouted.
Then, as the Valhalla action was activated, I heard the sound of Ataraxia unfolding in front of Shirone’s eyes, and I closed my eyes tightly.
No matter what kind of magic was cast, this was the end of his life.
I heard Shirone’s low voice.
“Everyone… … hi.”
Contrary to expectations, no magic was activated.
Also, being able to spit out words in the Valhalla action state means that it has already entered into calculations.
The moment Fleur, who felt puzzled, looked back, Shirone’s body began to move toward Ataraxia.
Ikael, who was being attacked by Satiel, shouted with a frightened expression.
“No, Shirone! that… … !”
Even before the cry was over, Shirone’s body crossed the boundary of Ataraxia.
Flash!
At the same time, the world shone for an instant, amplifying enough mental power to completely fill Arabot.
Ataraxia – Hexagonal.
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 502 - Wholeheartedly (1) 2.txt
===============================
[502] Wholeheartedly (1)
“If life deceives you, do not be sad or angry.”
Looking back at Gando, Wu Lin smiled bitterly.
“Because that’s how you live.”
“… … .”
Gando was still speechless.
Well, if true, Uorin, the Mitochondrial Eve, is a very unfortunate woman indeed.
But now, the important thing for Gando was the reason why he was suddenly summoned to the Empress’s office and brought up a sudden story.
“Even if you ask me to… … .”
Uorin burst out laughing at the honest words that had no room for calculation.
Former Magic Association Guard Captain, Gando of Thunder.
But in reality, he was Ganja, the biological son of Kashan’s former empress Mistra, who was given the role of monitoring Gaold’s movements.
Mystra also didn’t raise Gando, so Uorin doesn’t have motherhood.
Then, what about Gando?
Does he really consider himself a mother?
“I have something to tell you.”
“I will do anything.”
Gando immediately prostrated himself and lowered his head.
Even though he is only a certified 4th-class wizard, he is still attached to his neck after completing the duties he was given at birth because he decided to become Uorin’s dog.
Woo-rin pretended to have a benevolent look like a mother, but after realizing that it didn’t suit her constitution, she spoke directly.
“Stand up. There will still be a little time left before everything is over. Before that, please be my friend for a while.”
He didn’t know what it meant to say that everything was over, but Gando decided not to ask.
If you approach Mitochondrial Eve with clumsy curiosity, even 10 lives are not enough.
“All right. I will listen.”
“Whoops, it’s boring.”
Uorin opened the bottle of strong alcohol on the table.
It was a hot drink that smelled hot even before it was poured into the glass.
Filling a crystal glass with ice, she poured out the drink and offered it to Gando.
And whether Gando hesitated or not, he filled his own glass with alcohol and gulped down about a third of it.
“Haaaaa.”
Wriggling her bright red tongue, Uorin blew steam toward the ceiling.
The empress of Kashan, who was completely different from usual, looked sad for some reason today.
“It’s Gando.”
“yes.”
mother.
Gando swallowed the last words.
“The human mind is truly a strange thing. Even if it’s insignificant, that insignificant thing grows and grows and eventually swallows everything.”
Gando just wanted to listen.
“For many years, I raised Theraze into the strongest empire. There were many difficulties along the way.”
Uorin went back to Theraze’s memories.
“There was only one incident among them, when Kashan almost fell over.”
Did that happen?
Gando, the son of Mystra, studied the history of Kashan, but he hadn’t heard of it.
“Even now, countless groups are looking for an opportunity to eat Kashan. There must be many ways to destroy it by force, cause trouble, or apply economic pressure. What would you choose?”
Gando shook his head without thinking.
“I will not make any choice.”
Kashan is the strongest empire in charge of one axis of the Three Kingdoms.
History has shown that a nameless group cannot capture it.
“okay. Kashan is strong. But it is by no means impossible. Actually, it’s so easy and simple. Taking over this huge empire.”
“that is… … How?”
Gando insisted on listening, but this time he had to ask.
“mind.”
Woorin raised one corner of his mouth as if he knew that this was an empty answer.
“Therazze, as the empress of Kashan, should just give it away.”
Gando did not respond.
It didn’t feel like the many ways to take Kashan would be easier than the answers Uorin suggested.
‘And it happened… … Did it actually happen?’
Wu Lin recalled that time.
Although I hadn’t personally experienced it, the poisoned memories reappeared in my new body and made my heart ache.
“The only thing you can do is toss it. something that can’t even be recovered. Something that can be bigger than Kashan, bigger than anything in this world.”
As Theraje’s history deepened, the incidents at the time were buried in a vast database, but I wanted to bring them out today.
According to the intuition of those who have future poetry, today is probably the last day.
Wu Lin smiled sadly.
It was the smile of a complete woman that she had never shown before.
“That is the human heart, Gando.”
* * *
The pupils of Shirone, who spread her waist like a bow, were fixed towards the sky.
In exchange for Ataraxia’s instant activation, the time to fall into incapacity is only 15 seconds.
It was a scene that showed how concentrated Shirone’s mind was in a situation where he couldn’t even speak.
Ikael’s eyes were shaking violently as he looked at Shirone.
‘Why did you do that… … !’
Ataraxia is an amplification trigger.
Therefore, it was possible to amplify Shirone’s spirit, but dealing with it was a problem.
Amplifying everything means transcending limits.
As far as Ikael knew, it was the most extreme form of amplification possible.
explosion.
Explodes the mind to generate powerful power.
It is a phenomenon that can only be achieved by throwing one’s whole heart into it, and the result is powerful enough to transcend imagination.
However, since an explosion is literally an instantaneous action, after everything exploded, there would be nothing left but shattered debris.
‘Great!’
Shirone waited for the time to move within her vastly expanding mind.
For the first time in my life, or maybe even if I devoted my whole life, a huge sense was stretching out that seemed impossible to reach.
“Shirone… … .”
Even Fleur, the Jonah, couldn’t gauge Shirone’s Spirit Zone.
And it was almost 100 percent certain that Shirone would be in bad shape.
“Shirone!”
Flew teleported and flew to Shirone.
But faster than that, the archangel of extinction, Faiel, arrived in front of Shirone.
oh oh oh oh oh!
The features made of light contained in the hood were swirling like bubbles in a cappuccino and being sucked into the center.
Shirone’s Spirit Zone was so far beyond normal that even the Archangel felt a sense of crisis.
The judicial halo – Apatheia.
As the magic circle rotated, it became dark and began to absorb Shirone’s spirit zone.
Even more impatient, Flew kicked off the ground and flew up, raising the phoenix at the Archangel, who could only conceive of death.
‘I have to do it!’
Just as Crud threw her heart into it, and Shirone threw her heart into Ataraxia, she also threw everything as a mage.
‘Just one second. No, if I could earn even 0.1 second.’
The moment the resolution was installed in his brain, Faiel turned his head.
She was in a position to activate the phoenix, but the moment she saw Faiel’s face, she froze.
The end of the abyss was there.
“Quaaaaaaagh!”
A scream erupted involuntarily, and the process of Faiel’s hand being swung slowly caught my eye.
Also, she felt her own reaction rate was about 100 times slower than that.
Just when he was sure of death, Faiel suddenly turned towards Shirone.
‘This… … .
Shirone’s Spirit Zone, which had been sucked into Apateia, suddenly disappeared.
At the same time, a flash of light fell from the sky and hit the spot where Faiel was standing.
Aaaaaaaaagh!
The shock wave alone sent Fleur’s body flying dozens of meters.
On the other hand, Faiel, who had evaded by a short haircut, tilted his head as if he couldn’t understand and looked at Shirone.
“Huhhhh!”
Shirone’s mind was still expanding, and he didn’t even know when the explosion would end.
But none of that mattered anymore.
‘I will not forgive you.’
That was the only thing I threw my whole heart into Ataraxia.
“Huhhhhh!”
Faiel, enraged at the fact that he only backed down against humans, let out a cry of extinction.
Then, as if it were disappearing, it flew at high speed and swung its black hand at Shirone.
Shirone’s eyes widened as he realized Jikji.
‘Wide.’
Flash!
As the blinding light spread, all matter within a radius of 100 meters was pushed away as if iron powder reacted to a magnet.
1,000 heartbeats per second.
In front of the curtain of light that beats 1,000 times a second, even Faiel could not be an exception.
and… … There were 200 of them.
Elysion – Multiple Bezels.
“Kuaaaaa!”
Trapped in an overlapping screen of light, his body bounced around in a radius of several kilometers for a second.
‘Something like a human… … !’
Faiel spread his limbs wide and maximized his ability to disappear.
“Oohhh!”
His body, which had turned to darkness, melted the berserk and finally fixed itself in place.
Then chains of light wrapped around his body.
Shining Chain.
“Aww!”
Faiel’s body shuddered as he was bound by the Shining Chain.
I tried to cut it off with all my might, but the more I tried, the tighter the light was getting stronger.
Kwa-kwa-kwa-kwa-kwa-kwa-kwak!
Faiel, who was chained, was slammed to the ground at a speed that could not be counted even with thought.
Then the chain broke and threw his body through the air.
Shirone looked up at Faiel, who was already dotted, and bent her lower body.
broad interest.
At the same time as the wings of light spread wide, the wings disappeared instantly.
Woooooooooooooooooooooooooh!
Shirone’s body, which struck her wings at tremendous speed, caught up with Fael in an instant and rushed forward.
Armand’s entire robe turned into Ringer’s mineral substance and wrapped around Shirone’s body just by the impact caused by the friction of the air.
Shirone, who tore through the air like a giant metal bullet and flew away, floated above Faiel and fired a photon cannon.
pop!
An orb of light that was terribly frightening to a Fleur watching from the ground.
It was a photon cannon with a diameter of 20 meters.
Whoops!
Swept away by the flash of the Photon Cannon, Faiel plummeted vertically, penetrating the ground and going deep underground.
pop! pop! pop! pop!
Still in the sky, Shirone created dozens of huge photon cannons the same size as before.
Even at a distance, it seemed as if dozens of suns could be seen in Flew’s eyes.
Kurrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr
The photon cannons crashed in bundles, and the ground shook as the immense mass landed on the ground.
“Nonsense… … .”
Flew couldn’t believe it when he saw it with his own eyes.
Each shot exerted the power of the Photon Cannon that normally penetrated Ataraxia.
It was a natural result since it amplified the spirit itself, not a single magic, but the more Ikael’s fears grew.
“Stop it, Shirone!”
You can’t keep this state forever.
Even an archangel has no way to recover once his mind explodes.
As Ikael flew towards Shirone with all his might, Satiel, who had been distracted by the battle for a moment, followed after her with her eyes wide open again.
“Where are you going to run away!”
Meanwhile, a cloud of dust with a radius of 1 kilometer was rising from the place where Faiel was impaled.
The smoke, which had been spreading slowly but on a huge scale, suddenly began to be sucked toward the center at some point.
oh oh oh oh!
Trapped deep underground, Faiel annihilated everything around him with Apateia and flew up a pit hundreds of meters deep.
Shirone had already arrived and was waiting.
“Something like the Nephilim… … !”
As soon as Faiel saw the hateful face, he threw himself away.
However, in the end, he could not move forward even 1 meter and fell to his knees with a thump, his whole body losing strength.
“Keugh!”
something that should never happen.
What kind of human being would make an archangel who exerted his whole heart fall to his knees?
‘no… … .’
Faiel recalled a certain memory and raised his head.
there was.
The most powerful person in the history of heaven, a human who competed with countless archangels.
The Gaian’s name is… … .
“Maclein Guffin.”
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 503 - Wholeheartedly (2) 2.txt
===============================
[503] Wholeheartedly (2)
“Humans… … .”
Wu Lin said.
“You can throw your heart into anything.”
It was the conclusion she came to after experiencing many lives.
“But I can’t take it. We are only beings tossing at something.”
That is why greed and aspirations are never satisfied, and this world is full of chaos.
“It’s self-centered, so I might as well die.”
When we actively seek death, we become something more than human.
“I throw everything, even at lifeless things.”
“In a sense, it is selfish.”
Uorin laughed at Gando’s words.
“okay. Humans are selfish animals. But Gando, that is the fear of humans. Being so selfish that you can act altruistically. We are such contradictions.”
Uorin doesn’t know what’s going on in Heaven, but the reason she can know without seeing is because she understands the nature of humans.
Gaold’s party will destroy the future.
With an extremely selfish heart, with a terribly altruistic act, he was throwing his heart at something.
“This is… … .”
Kuan moved.
“It is my grave.”
As soon as he kicked off the ground with his right foot and jumped out, it felt like the scenery of the world was turned upside down.
However, it was Kuan’s body that was actually turned upside down, and in the upside down state, his body began to shake in an unstable trajectory.
‘I can’t predict the sword path.’
Even with his insight beyond the limits of the creature, he couldn’t even judge how Quan’s attack would strike.
“Huh!”
In a matter of seconds, Quan’s sword passed by the nape of his neck.
And only then did Moo-myeong realize, albeit vaguely, why his judgment was paralyzed.
The reason why you can’t predict the sword path is because it doesn’t exist from the beginning.
Amidst all kinds of uncertain variables, a decisive line of movement is being built.
It was completely contrary to the human mindset of setting and acting on purpose, so even if you know it, you can’t stop it.
‘Should I cut off my arm too?’
I thought so for a moment, but then I shook my head.
The reason why parts of the body were cut out was that the balance that had been maintained until now was no longer needed.
He didn’t realize it because he cut off his arm, but because he already realized it, he didn’t need the arm.
‘It’s terrifying, what a sword.’
The first skill I learned after being born into this world.
Maybe it wouldn’t have mattered if it was commonplace, but now I know.
The fact that what you are holding contains the mystery of infinity.
‘I want to conquer!’
An intense desire that could not be replaced by anything struck the brain of an unknown person.
The small realizations of swordsmanship, which can be obtained at the end of a very boring and simple act over many years, were embodied in his body every second, raising his skills to the limit like the speed of light.
“Huhhhhhhh!”
The nameless pupils tightened and the tongue protruded from the gaping mouth.
The image of him floundering with his twin swords forward is like a madman.
Siena and Armin looked at the child crying and screaming, and they got goosebumps.
The extreme of swordsmanship, which was concluded by a genius with a unique tendency that could never be born from a human, was neither as beautiful nor as brilliant as humans had thought.
However, in terms of the efficiency of killing people contained in the technology, it was so perfect that no prosecutor could present a different opinion.
As if dozens of knives were coming from behind, Nameless rushed forward carrying the possibilities of numerous swords.
“no!”
As Siena jumped up and tried to jump out of the barrier, Armin grabbed her by the waist and pulled her.
It was not at the level that the technology could be taken away by unknown people.
It was clear that the sword-crazy genius wouldn’t even be interested in magic.
That’s why, in front of the extreme murder that was able to be reached, even if it was Armin, his head was cut off the moment he showed up.
“Siena! This is not our place!”
The reaction speed of the unknown who perfectly chose the path of the swordsman had reached a level that even the most outstanding wizard could not catch up with.
Siena burst into tears.
The ignorant, obscure swordsmanship was almost absolutely saying Quan’s death.
‘because of me… … because of me… … .’
Suddenly, for the first time, I felt that way.
Because it is a mission that anyone can die, Quan’s death only converges with everyone’s death.
So I could speak confidently.
But at this moment, Siena felt guilty.
It also meant that Kuan’s death no longer converged with everyone else’s death.
‘Don’t die! If you die… … !’
After pushing Armin away, Siena took a step outside the stop barrier.
“Do not come!”
At that time, Quan’s cry hardened her feet.
She realized it late, but at the same time, an unknown sword passed in front of her eyes.
It was an unknown person who had not been able to cut Siena, but there were no more words of ridicule.
His gaze was only focused on the unknown human named Quan.
“… … please.”
Kuan, who belatedly added honorifics, was covered in blood from numerous wounds.
He was panting as fast as his heart, but his eyes were still alive.
After confirming that Armin took Siena back, he headed for unknown with a terrifying intent to kill again.
‘shit. Really strong, you bastard.’
If this creature goes over to the human world, how much will Fengzhang sacrifice to stop it?
Even at the edge of death, it was the prosecutor’s curiosity that was inevitably aroused.
Also, the question that followed was this.
‘If I were now, would I be able to cut a windmill?’
For the first time, thoughts that had been deliberately ignored due to the trauma were installed in my head.
I’m still not sure I’ll win, but I don’t think I’ll lose like I used to.
At that moment, Kuan felt hot and felt fortunate to be born into the world for the first time.
‘It ends here.’
The schema suppressed the bleeding as much as possible, but it could not completely stop the blood from the amputated arm.
Whatever the outcome, this is the end.
‘I have no regrets.’
Quan lowered his sword and approached Nameless.
limp. limp.
The corner of an unknown mouth trembled as he watched Kuan crippled.
With every step he took, the scenery shook and shook, and finally Kuan’s figure began to flicker.
It is out of cognition.
‘I can’t do this even for the rest of my life.’
Differentiation of individuality, not a matter of state.
The moment I realized that you and my sword were different, Moo-myeong started to like the sword for the first time.
‘Then this is my sword.’
At the same time as Nameless charged, Quan’s body rotated.
“Huhhhhhhh!”
If the precise murderous intention contained in the madness is the nameless sword, then Quan’s sword was splendid and beautiful.
‘okay.’
In the midst of the jumbled scenery, Kuan accurately pulled out Siena’s face.
‘I am clown clown.’
A clown who could neither approach nor distance, just dance in front of her.
“Huhhhhhhh!”
The blade of an unknown blade grew sharper, as if it split space into infinity, and Quan hurled himself toward the infinite death.
‘I won.’
Even if she dies, Armin will be by Siena’s side.
‘That I won.’
beat Armin.
I saved Siena.
At the end of a miserable life, the only thing left is that little consolation that no one knows.
Quan’s eyes were reddened, but his wife grabbed the sword with a grotesque smile.
What does it matter?
‘I am a black demon!’
Quan’s body started shaking like crazy as it spun at the highest speed ever.
“Aaaaaaaaa!”
A single flash of light cut through the gap with the nameless sword that had been dominating the whole.
* * *
“Ergaaaaa!”
Zulu’s throat was torn and he let out a scream.
Red blood was flowing down the eyes that were wide open, and the expression on which the soul escaped was grotesque enough to feel the cold.
oh oh oh oh!
The more so, the power of the lich became stronger.
Kali’s four great arms alternately activated their abilities, but Lich was willing to accept any death.
An orb of electricity rose from the top of the lich’s head and spread power in all directions.
Even after the blue electricity disappeared, an afterimage of white light was engraved on the retina, and Shion’s equipment was destroyed in the glittering scenery.
Zulu burst into tears as if his mind had reverted to a three-year-old.
lonely.
the most lonely in the universe
The heart that could not be thrown to anyone became a hungry ghost and ate the inner flesh and dug deeper and deeper, bringing Zulu’s loneliness down to the abyss.
oh oh oh oh!
“Unbelievable… … .”
Carly’s skin trembled.
Lich was showing to the extreme how far the human mind could fall into abyss.
Zulu’s mind grew thicker and darker, and the lich’s lightning bolts spread inexorably.
Hundreds of electricity scraping along the walls of Zion finally coalesced and hit Kali’s body.
“Quaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
Not even the death god’s screams could compare to the lich’s sorrow.
Lich embraced Carly’s body and turned herself into electricity.
Passssss!
Cracks began to appear in Kali’s black body, and finally hardened into hard ash.
Even after Lich and Kali disappeared at the same time, the mind that fell into the abyss did not calm down easily.
Zulu knelt down and hugged Erga while calling Erga’s name.
“Erga. Erga.”
“Kirrrr.”
As the boss was activated, a small black bird floated in front of Zulu’s eyes.
Erga, with a cold expression, was looking down at Zulu with disgust.
* * *
“Aaaaa! Aaaaaaa!”
Kanya hugged Babel and sobbed.
The disorganized form looked more gruesome than death.
Life didn’t exist from the beginning, but it didn’t matter to Kanya.
Because humans are very lonely beings.
“why… … Is life really this hard?”
Uorin looked up at the ceiling and asked like a girl.
“Why does the one who gives his heart have to suffer more?”
Gando looked at Uorin, who was making a vague expression, and thought.
Does she know that she is in pain thinking of someone?
That he was in pain looking at her right now.
‘Perhaps I don’t know.’
because it is human
In the Hall of Corruption, where even Kariel had left, Uriel only vaguely understood Ankera at the end of the war.
Gaold still fought, but no longer posed any threat.
His mind had already gone to hell, and what moved him now were only the animal signals of his final fighting instinct.
“Aaaaa! Aagh!”
Kang Nan pulled his arms with all his might.
Little by little, a tingling sensation came from the wrist affected by the <insectworm>.
It must have been painful, but it was Gangnan’s only hope.
‘do!’
Feeling pain means that the ability of the <Seungchung> is not working properly.
The blind will to go to Gaold transcended Gangnan’s body and was working.
“Aagh! Aww! Aww!”
As the handcuffs collided with the wrists, a rattling sound was heard, and blood began to leak as the red-hot skin peeled off.
‘This is human.’
Uriel thinks.
the one who throws his heart
It can flow in both good and evil, and that is why it collapses the absoluteness of this world.
A being born in the Akashic Record, but moving toward the outside of the Akashic Record.
“Ah! Aww! Aww!”
Kang Nan swung his arm with all his might.
When the power beyond the ability of the self-transcendence was applied through the divine transcendence, a dreary sound finally began to be heard.
Awesome. Awesome.
The recoil of her lower arm was gradually increasing as the bones crunched.
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 504 - Wholeheartedly (3) 1.txt
===============================
[504] Wholeheartedly (3)
McLean Guffin.
Throughout the history of heaven, the fact that humans were closest to the annihilation of the Akashic Records left deep scars on the angels.
Oblivion does not exist in the angelic body, but since it was so long ago, the existence that became a fossil under the weight of memories has now risen vividly in the planetary body of Faiel.
‘It was like that then.’
Confusion came again as the questions that had been preserved in cold memories thawed out.
Are humans strong or weak?
Why do they sometimes reach the highest spiritual body that transcends them even though they are swayed by mere animalistic desires?
A creature that has been defined tens of thousands of times by countless beings is human, but a word that can perfectly refer to them has not yet been created.
Because it’s such a complex creature?
‘no.’
Phil thought.
‘It’s not fixed.’
Human beings are moving towards something endlessly even at this moment.
‘That’s why it must be destroyed.’
Fael’s starlight exploded.
The halo, which had been expanding rapidly enough to devour heaven, became a dot and disappeared as it tightened at an even faster speed.
“no!”
Ikael, who was rapidly approaching through the sky, realized the situation and shouted.
Apateia – the lungs of annihilation.
Faiel’s exclusive patent, The Eye of Destruction, is an ability that compiles the concept of the source of extinction, and once activated, it was the worst and strongest technique that even archangels were reluctant to use.
“I enforce the will of the Archangel.”
The eyes drawn with light embedded in Faiel’s hood turned into perfect circles like Halo.
A deep and clear dot was placed in the center of the two circles.
It’s a funny face, but if you look closely, it’s inhuman and heartless enough to give you goosebumps, and that’s why you can feel awe.
‘weird.’
Shirone couldn’t dare to fight back.
Faiel examined through Jikji was only a shell, and the concept of the source of extinction was spread evenly throughout the world.
That’s why the starlight disappeared.
– Close the world.
As Faiel’s eyes slowly closed, the color of the scenery containing Shirone began to fade little by little.
“Aww!”
Sensing the disappearance of the incarnation, Shirone trembled.
ah i
If I disappear, the universe disappears too.
That was the very end of annihilation, the extreme of extinction that closed the world by closing oneself.
“Aaaaaaa!”
Although the ruins of the annihilation were not even half closed, Shirone struggled with despair.
If it had not been equipped with Armand’s incarnation according to the principle of the all-minded group, it would have already been released into nothingness of emptiness.
‘You have to hold on! If you don’t hold out… … .’
will eventually perish.
However, all Shirone can do is maintain her incarnation even a little.
The dead eye was announcing the end of Shirone’s world at the right time and at the right speed.
With a bang, blood vessels burst in Shirone’s eyes, and blood flowed from his nose.
He tries his best to maintain the incarnation, but it is only Faiel’s choice to close his eyes.
And this was the powerful force of the archangel’s source concept.
‘Indignant… … !’
As their presence faded, the Spirit Zone also failed to exert its influence.
And finally, as she entered the sub-material level, Shirone’s body became translucent.
“It’s quite good for a Nephilim.”
Fael’s voice was heard directly.
“But now your world will be closed.”
Fael’s eyes dropped as if they were sleepy.
It was a situation where Shirone was on the verge of becoming completely invisible, as if it had never existed in the world.
“Huh!”
At that moment, Shirone’s incarnation burned with an intense light.
The eyes of annihilation suddenly opened, and Shirone’s figure appeared clearly as if it were engraved in the landscape.
As expected, only Archangel Ikael could amplify the incarnation that had been fading away in an instant.
“Shirone!”
“Where are you running away!”
After Ikael, Satiel grabbed her by the neck and pinned her to the ground.
“Keugh!”
Then, he placed Ikael between his legs and lowered his upper body to press down on his neck.
Ikael’s wings of light lost their power and died as the starlight unfolded into a halo and the power of disintegration was applied.
He used his powers to recover his memories, and even revived the incarnation of Shirone from a while ago, so Ikael had no ability to endure.
“Ichael! Keugh!”
Shirone tried to run away, but the closed eyes of annihilation closed again, trapping him.
“Payel! kill it! I will annihilate Ichael!”
Although it is the ultimate annihilation eye that shows optimal efficiency in annihilating an individual, it has the disadvantage of being defenseless as Faiel’s spirit is also scattered into the world.
However, all the disadvantages were offset by Satiel blocking Ikael.
“Live! Angel shame!”
Satiel’s eyes contained the resentment of an eternity that humans could not physically store.
‘Because of you, if it wasn’t for you… … !’
“Turn it off!”
Watching Ikael disintegrate, Shirone cast her magic with all her might.
“Ikaeehell!”
A shining chain wrapped around Satiel’s body.
Seeing with her own eyes how much Faiel was suffering, she trembled.
However, the chain of light did not give her any restraining force and just pierced her body.
“Aww!”
Shirone gritted his teeth resentfully.
The magic was not being implemented properly because more than half of the closed eyes of the annihilation were closed.
Satiel put on a relieved expression for a moment, then pressed Ikael down again with a fierce look.
A face you don’t want to see.
A face so beautiful that I hate it!
“I’ll destroy it before I destroy it!”
Judicial halo – nostalgia.
Pupper pupper puck!
A shard of light bounced off Ikael’s face.
break it down
Her authority, her beauty, and her hateful memories all disintegrate!
“Aaaaaaa!”
bang!
A dull shock hit Satiel’s temple.
‘uh?’
Realizing that his body was being pushed out belatedly, Satiel dragged the ground to regain his balance.
As she turned her head, there was a strange feeling in her eyes.
Even though they were attacked by surprise, there were not many beings in Heaven who could generate enough power to push the Archangel’s body away.
“Kariel? why do you… … ?”
Kariel stood there with an excited expression.
As far as Satiel knows, his hatred isn’t too different from his own.
‘But why?’
Even Ikael, who was helped, was looking at Kariel as if he was speechless.
Kariel understood their feelings.
To be honest, he didn’t know why he attacked Satiel either.
‘What have I done?’
I will destroy Ichael.
He was about to fly to end the woman who threw her heart at some insignificant human being with her own hands.
Maybe it’s because my mental strength is weakened?
The moment I saw Satiel’s nostalgia, the starlight shook violently, and I couldn’t remember it after that.
Kariel slowly looked away and met Ikael’s eyes.
Even though it wasn’t a perfect will, he saved her as a result.
Hate Ichael.
But what Kariel is feeling right now… … It was a clear expectation.
“Is it that the mind is contradictory?”
Uorin nodded.
“okay. In fact, altruism is a serious error when viewed from the standard of survival of the fittest, the great principle of the universe. So what is altruism? It’s nothing more than another selfishness to love the altruistic self. It’s like thinking that because you love him so much, he’s entitled to hate you.”
Gando thought.
I am… … Do you hate Uorin?
“Aaaaaaaaa!”
All the angels’ eyes were focused on Shirone’s scream.
It wasn’t just one person’s cries.
Shirone’s spirit, which had spread loosely, was disintegrating, losing its specific shape as if being swept away by a huge wave.
“Shirone!”
Ikael passed Kariel and ran to Shirone.
The end of an explosion, an extreme form of amplification.
If you don’t stop here, Shirone’s spirit will be torn to pieces and will never return to its original state.
“Great!”
Shirone held her head and struggled in pain.
Thoughts were being torn apart, as if the brain was being torn apart.
It was a level of violence that was different from the exhilaration he felt when he opened Immortal Function.
‘no! Not yet!’
I tried to stay focused somehow, but the size of my mind had already swelled out of control.
Ikael used his last strength to activate Ataraxia.
I had no choice but to delay the explosion by amplifying the power of the incarnation once again.
It was like pouring water into a broken jar, but she didn’t hesitate.
If I could save Shirone even for just 5 minutes, even just a little bit, I could throw everything away.
‘why… … .’
Kariel stood devastated and followed Ikael, who passed by, with only her gaze.
Is she not looking at herself?
“Payel! Kill Shirone!”
Satiel shouted as he charged ferociously.
As Ikael cared for Shirone, Satiel’s anger only grew.
‘It should have been mine! All of that had to be mine!’
Kariel suddenly came to her senses when she saw Satiel aiming for Ikael’s back.
Judicial Madness – Simularch.
Like cheese leaking out of a compressed leather bag, numerous mechanical parts squeezed out of the space and began to assemble at the same time.
Chara la la la la rock!
After completing 36,000 processes in an instant, the object that appeared was a weapon the size of a human bronze shield with eight blades like a commendation.
Simularch – Rotating without stopping, getting stronger as it rotates, becoming harder as it becomes stronger, and rotating faster as it becomes harder.
It was an object with a crude name to say that it was made by the Archangel of Creation, but the situation was as urgent as that.
Nostalgia-Physics Collapse.
Realizing a mechanism that transcends human intelligence, Satiel opened her eyes and activated her abilities.
The weapon jolted, and the finished product quickly disintegrated into organs, organs into components, and components into parts.
It was so fast that it seemed like an explosion with no sparks or noise.
Weapons that passed Satiel in the stage of detailed appendages spread from alloys to minerals, from minerals to molecules, from molecules to atoms, and disappeared.
“joy! Do you think you can beat me?”
I had never faced Kariel before, but I had no idea that I would be pushed against the lowest combat power among the archangels.
“… … .”
When Ikael stood in the way of Shirone, Faiel eventually gave up on maintaining the abyss.
“What is this like, archangel?”
I didn’t like the current situation where the archangels were intertwined and everything was in chaos.
After all, the same thing is happening.
Shirone. and guffins.
If only the human variable is involved, everything becomes a mess.
“I have to put an end to it.”
Empty!
Faiel’s body hit the ground and flew into the sky.
Whoops!
Then, he trampled on Kariel, who was fighting Satiel, and landed on the floor.
“Ka, Kariel?”
Seeing her buried in the ground with her back broken, even Satiel, who had been fighting fiercely until now, had no choice but to let go and back down.
In fact, I have no personal feelings for him.
No, on the other hand, it was she who had felt the camaraderie of being hostile to Ikael.
“An angel who has lost his authority does not deserve to exist.”
After Faiel left the place, leaving behind those words, Kariel’s broken heart finally came into view.
“Kariel… … are you okay?”
Satiel’s eyes filled with wonder as he approached and checked his condition.
Maybe it’s because it’s been so long.
Kariel, looking up at the sky, had a peaceful smile that she hadn’t seen before.
Just like when everything was happy… … .
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 505 - Wholeheartedly (4) 3.txt
===============================
[505] Wholeheartedly (4)
“Kariel… … .”
Satiel couldn’t believe it.
At least by her standard, he was the most intelligent of the archangels and boasted of a neat beauty.
However, the present Kariel could no longer be found at that time.
As he was violently trampled by Fael, his waist was completely reversed and laid on his upper body.
The face was between the two legs, and the chest was completely dug up by the energy of extinction.
The sight of him looking at the sky with only half of his body exposed on the ground was probably the most miserable face in the world.
But his eyes were deep and calm like never before.
‘Oh, I see.’
Even if his back was broken, Faiel’s energy of extinction ruthlessly ate away the weakened Kariel’s presence.
It’s a bad situation to keep it like this for a long time anyway.
But the serenity he regained at the end of his existence was as sweet as compensation for the long years of hating Ikael.
‘From the beginning… … I wish I had given it all away.’
If I knew I would hate you so much, if I knew I would waste countless years on useless hatred.
I’d rather do whatever she wants.
‘Well, it doesn’t matter now.’
I thought I would never be able to forgive. I thought that no logic could change my mind.
However, the moment Ikael was saved, the hatred disappeared like a lie.
When the hatred disappeared, the only thing left was the narcissism and deep regret of having saved her.
“Kariel, are you okay?”
Kariel turned her head with difficulty at Satiel’s voice.
For the first time since the war began, he thought of his role as an archangel.
“You can’t destroy Ikael.”
Satiel’s face contorted.
“Now what… … !”
“I will soon perish. You know.”
Satiel gritted his teeth.
Metatron and Methiel were annihilated, and Kariel wouldn’t last too long.
If even Ikael is destroyed, the seesaw of the law will tilt toward Satan as the four archangels disappear.
In that case, at the level of an angel, Satan cannot be stopped by any means.
“I understand your feelings. Not like me. Because you don’t even have a target to throw your heart at.”
Satiel hated even that fact.
“mind? Do you think an angel with a noble spirit will be swayed by something like the mind?”
“Whoops.”
Kariel looked up at the sky with a dry smile.
“You are already being swayed.”
Sensing the end of her life, Kariel brought up memories of a very long time ago that were sunk in the abyss.
‘Right, Ikael?’
“In the beginning there was amplification.”
Ikael called Kariel and Uriel and explained.
“In that amplification, the concept of being and nothing was born. that is, existence and non-existence arose.”
Making eye contact with Kariel, who was listening with her eyes shining, Ikael stroked his head with a friendly hand.
Kariel had fun like a cat.
“Yu and moo. The concept governing it is creation and destruction, that is, you.”
Kariel asked.
“Then what was before the amplification? Was there nothing?”
Ikael always liked Kariel, who was full of curiosity.
“Whoops, nothing is… … .”
Wu Lin said.
“It means nothing.”
Gando listened attentively to each expression on Wurin’s face as he talked about the beginning.
“In other words, there is neither time nor space. It’s different from imagining a blank sheet. Even if you erase the white paper, it is not nothing.”
Man understands nothingness, but cannot experience it. Because nothing exists before experience.
“Then what was there before this world was created? Was it in a state of nothingness after all?”
“Maybe it is?”
“But Gando, you have to think about it this way. If the state of ‘existence’ does not exist in this world, then the state of ‘absence’ cannot exist either.”
Therefore, even if there was nothing in the beginning, humans should not define it as ‘nothing’.
This is because the moment when it is defined as nothing, a contradictory situation arises that violates the concept of nothing.
“Then how do you define the primordial state?”
Uorin raised her index finger and said.
“Shutdown.”
“Is it off?”
Kariel asked.
I already understood, but I was eager to hear it again.
“is it so. A state in which something is turned off, whether or not something is present. That’s why there is no substance or concept… … .”
Ikael sighed and moved on.
“Something happened.”
Even the archangel born from the original source concept had no other way to express the off state than in this way.
“The action changed the off state to the on state. At the very beginning of that amplification… … .”
Uorin raised the index fingers of both hands and crossed them in an X.
“The two states of existence and non-existence refer to each other and are born. Information defined as 0 and 1 was combined in an infinite pattern, and this universe finally began to be created.”
Uriel asked.
“Then what is amplification?”
Ikael turned his head with an intrigued expression, as he was not an angel who usually shows curiosity.
“What operation amplified this world?
Ikael gave an embarrassing smile.
“that… … It’s something I can’t figure out.”
Wu Lin said.
“It’s something nobody knows. But something worked, and the world awoke. What does it do? A very weak electrical stimulus? An explosion big enough to knock out the universe? In fact, it has nothing to do with anything.”
Uorin clicked with her fingers.
“A fleeting moment right now at the tip of my finger could be the beginning and end of a certain universe. Or it could be something like the absolute order of the transcendent.”
“okay.”
The possibilities are infinite, and the reality is unknown.
What is important is the fact that something is amplified through a certain action.
“But surprisingly, no, should I say bizarre?”
Uorin leaned back against the back of the chair and crossed her arms.
“For humans, there is one word that perfectly resembles its action. Would you like to try it out?”
Gando thought about it for a long time, but finally couldn’t stand it and asked.
“I do not know. What is it?”
“That’s right… … .”
Uorin, who paused for a moment, spat out with a meaningful smile.
“It is the heart.”
“Great!”
In her mind on the verge of collapse, Shirone regained the light of stability, albeit weakly.
At last my vision opened and I saw Ikael’s pale, almost transparent face.
‘why… … .’
Even Shirone already knew that it was impossible to regenerate.
I was prepared, so I have no regrets or regrets.
However, Ikael was desperately trying to save Shirone.
why?
What did it mean to her to extend her life by just a few minutes?
“You fool.”
Faiel activated Apatea and suppressed Ataraxia.
“Kyaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah
As Ikael’s scream erupted, Shirone’s spirit, which had been taking shape little by little, stumbled out again.
“Huhhhh!”
Shirone held on with all her heart.
‘no! It can’t end like this!’
As everything reached its end, what came to Shirone’s mind was the teachings of Zulu.
The mind controls the mind.
However, since the mind has no substance, it cannot be trained.
‘The secret of impermanence.’
Stopping the activities of the mind by putting oneself in the cycle of breathing.
‘I’m controlling the explosion!’
Shirone took a deep breath in and exhaled slowly.
With each breath exhaled, important things were thrown away one by one.
No Ichael, no heaven, no life, no death, no hatred in my head.
only inhale and exhale
back to the basics of biology.
“Whoa. ha. Whoa. ha.”
It’s a joke.
Shirone’s spirit zone, which had lost its elasticity and was drooping, regained its elasticity in an instant and swelled up.
“mind.”
Gando recited Uorin’s words.
“okay. Whatever the event in the beginning is, what is needed for that event to happen is the mind. It is this universe that began with the operation of that mind.”
Uorin rolled up her sleeve and held out her right fist.
“Thus the heart changes the law.”
pop!
As the elbow extended at an imperceptible speed, a shockwave exploded as the fist pierced the air.
“I want to push my fist out at a transcendent speed. This wholehearted desire changes the law and moves the flesh.”
“That is divine transcendence.”
“Divine Transcendence, Yaksha.”
Wu Lin corrected it with the correct name.
“Instantaneously amplifies anger and changes the laws acting on the body. The workings of the mind are truly mysterious.”
“You have great skills.”
“Huh, then let’s show you one more thing.”
Uorin raised his fist again and aimed it at Jiandao.
“I will pierce your face.”
Saliva went down Gando’s throat.
It made my hair stand on end because I knew her intentions were sincere.
“how is it? Could this be possible?”
Gando calmed down and shook his head.
“Impossible.”
“The reason is?”
“Because it is beyond the power of the mind.”
Urin nodded and lowered her arm.
“okay. The will is only my own. Even if I deliver the best blow, getting your face pierced is a completely different matter.”
“Because divine transcendence is a method of controlling the body.”
“but.”
Uorin raised his fist again as if by surprise.
And before Gando could say anything, he spread his elbows at breakneck speed.
“How about this?”
pop!
An explosion sounded as the fist struck the air.
It was a distance they could never reach, but Gando could clearly feel the feeling of her fist flying and smashing his face.
“… … .”
Gando’s arms trembled as he barely held back his screams.
It was a long time later when I realized that my face was still intact.
“… … How is this possible?”
Wu Lin was satisfied with Jiandao’s self-denial.
A normal human would have gone mad.
“What I attacked was not your body, but your incarnation. So you see my will to smash your head.”
Gando finally realized.
What a monster the little girl sitting in front of me is.
“It is beyond the mind.”
Uorin corrected this time as well.
“Beyond the mind, Vanya. Control the incarnation in a completely empty state. The opposite of divine transcendence, which concentrates the mind. It is not a state that a human being who lives for 100 years can master. Even those who have realized incarnation cannot easily imitate it.”
Gando readily acknowledged it.
As a magician, transcending the mind was a sweet dream, but no matter how hard he tried, he wouldn’t be able to reach that stage.
It’s not a place you can go to with effort from the beginning.
“I didn’t mean to kill you. There are yakshas and banyas in the world, but they are just that. Didn’t you actually withstand my blow?”
“Thank you for your high rating.”
Gando was sincere.
It was touching that Uorin, who was usually dismissed as a being inferior to a bug, said this for herself.
But there was also a bittersweet aspect to it.
In the end, a being who receives sympathy.
If it weren’t for the memories of her biological mother, Theraze Mystra, she wouldn’t even have a reason to show her affection for him.
Woo-rin looked at Gando, who was making a gloomy expression, and burst into laughter.
I wondered if he had treated me too well, but I thought it wouldn’t matter as much as today.
In any case, he is a son who will sooner or later have to take on the responsibility of an important mission.
“Inhale, exhale.”
“yes?”
Gando raised his head in doubt, but Uorin just repeated the same words.
“Inhale, exhale.”
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 506 - Wholeheartedly (5) 1.txt
===============================
[506] Wholeheartedly (5)
“Whoa.”
It’s a joke.
As the Spirit Zone pushed toward Shirone, the scenery refracted toward the center as if trapped in a drop of water.
“ha.”
It’s a joke.
As I exhaled, this time the Spirit Zone stretched out into the world.
As the surrounding objects stretched like a rubber band, a sense of tension was revealed.
‘Inhale.’
It’s a joke.
‘Exhale.’
It’s a joke.
Following Shirone’s breathing, the world was beating together.
Each time the beat continued, as a result of the ataraxia bullet system, his mind, which had been stretching toward the explosion, gradually began to recover and regain its proper form.
“Oh, this can’t be… … .”
Ikael trembled with an unknown emotion.
Elysion’s characteristic is that a person’s mind can resonate with things in the world.
However, the only thing that completely calmed the exploding mind was an incident stemming from the realization unique to Shirone.
This is clearly the realm of a certain human being.
‘You’ve reached Vanya.’
When she taught Ataraxia just a year ago, Shirone was just a beginner who had not yet entered the depths of her mind.
Of course, Geumgangtae’s mental state is not the level of a teenage boy, but Banya’s mental system is at an incomparable level.
In terms of the standard of Ikael as a normal human being, he had gone beyond a process that required at least 1,000 years of training.
It’s a joke. It’s a joke. It’s a joke.
The contraction and expansion of the Spirit Zone became faster.
Deed deed deed!
As if being subjected to a centripetal force, as the size decreased, the speed of the beat hit the world beyond count.
And finally, Shirone’s eyes flashed open.
Beyond the mind – Banya.
As the Spirit Zone disappeared, a golden haze rose from Shirone like fireworks.
As a result of the whole mind constructing the spirit, the incarnation of Shirone crossed the mind and appeared in the real world.
‘That’s… … !’
The first thing you see is the incarnation of Armand.
The reality of Armand, which was integrated with Shirone’s incarnation, was in the form of a shiny armor that looked like melted gold, unlike the monster-like appearance in reality.
The incarnation of Shirone shone with a brighter light than that, and huge wings of light spread over both shoulders.
A being who removed his heart and realized his true incarnation.
That was Vanya.
oh oh oh oh!
The moment he looked at Vanya, a black aura spread from Faiel’s body and shook the sky.
‘Banya?’
It was too deep for humans to reach, so they didn’t even consider the possibility.
Also, because of this, it was Banya that Ankera desperately tried to stop.
It is said that there is almost no existence in the land country, but among the subjects who have obtained eternal life, there are rare people who reach the wisdom.
However, even they are strictly controlled by Ankera’s will, so they create their own community and resist, not protest.
‘Remove the banya.’
As Faiel burst out in black smoke, Ikael blocked Shirone with his weakened body.
The moment she saw Faiel’s face as if she was about to be sucked into the abyss, she realized that she had no chance of winning, but her feet were firmly planted on the ground.
Hey hey!
As Faiel tried to pierce Ikael’s torso, a golden flash came in and blocked her path.
As if an incarnation had been overlaid on Shirone’s body, the overlapping afterimages cast magic at Faiel.
Aaaaaaang!
The photon cannon’s gigantic flash pushed the front forward.
The solid ground was pushed away like a wave, and Faiel’s silhouette fluttered like ashes in the white light.
“Big!”
When the flash passed, Faiel crossed his hands and groaned.
The power was even stronger because the spirit exploded with the Ataraxia bullet system was fully concentrated on the incarnation.
“Payel! stop now! No more archangels to lose!”
Satiel flew in belatedly and shouted, but only Syrone’s death remained in Faiel’s astral body.
oh oh oh oh!
As Faiel’s white robe burned in the heat, his body assimilated into perfect darkness and fell upon Shirone.
Shirone’s incarnation began to flicker as if she was losing her light due to the will to disappear that only Faiel could no longer call an angel.
‘I will not forgive you.’
Shirone charged head-on into the darkness overflowing with the energy of death.
Ataraxia is impossible.
Because the concept of amplification is still working on him.
‘I will not forgive you!’
But he still had another weapon left.
Valhalla Action!
As the halo unfolded, a trigger was activated that reversed cause and effect.
‘As much as you… … .’
Shirone gritted his teeth.
Ikael’s screams, her tears, her pain.
All of the things passed through his mind in an instant, igniting his determination.
“I will never forgive you!”
As the incarnation, which had been dying out, flared up again, the darkness swirled and screams were heard.
oh oh oh oh!
Incarnation contains the whole life of a being.
As Arin discovered with menarche earlier, Shirone’s incarnation possessed light, and the law of light tore apart the law of darkness.
“Great!”
As Shirone rushed forward with both hands out, black smoke trailed behind him and gathered between his hands.
After a while, as the smoke condensed, Faiel’s form in the angel’s robes materialized again.
“haha! Kkkkkkkkk!”
Even when Shirone choked him, Faiel let out a grotesque laugh.
It was a laugh that came out because it was absurd.
‘This is Banya.’
A situation unimaginable before the outbreak of today’s war.
Who would have known that he, who is the most adept at guiding death among the eight archangels, would be pushed this far by only one human?
‘But human after all.’
One side of Faiel’s lips rose to the spot where his cheek was.
“You must be resentful.”
Shirone’s face contorted at the mocking tone.
Even at this moment, Valhalla Action was waiting for input of some result, but no matter how much I thought about it, I couldn’t find a way to destroy Faiel.
“Yes, that is your limit.”
Even Faiel had to acknowledge Syrone’s skill.
Archangel’s ability, Ataraxia, angel’s ability, Valhalla movement, and the function of Armand, the magic sword that absorbed even the characteristics of the strongest species in Purgatory, and the strengthening of incarnation through unity.
Magic using Immortal Function’s powerful mental power and God’s Particles, an enlightenment unique to Unlockers.
In addition, he mastered Geumgangtae’s mental state and Gaia’s spirit, Elysion.
And finally, to the stage of prajna to bring out one’s true incarnation.
There were too many realms, abilities, and skills to be seen as having been mastered by a single human being, and this was the result of reaching the limit through the giant trigger called Ataraxia Yukji.
But even that was too much to drive Faiel to extinction.
If Ataraxia is the ability of an archangel, then Apatea is also an ability of equal power.
The only thing I got from the cancellation of amplification and annihilation was to make the archangel kneel once.
Even if they were able to subdue it, it would be impossible for Shirone to exert enough power to completely erase Faiel as long as she had the ultimate shield of annihilation.
“That is human. It was a pretty eerie struggle, but in the end it was just a struggle.”
As if trying to unleash his crumpled pride, Faiel shouted in a tearing voice.
“Even if I throw my whole heart into it, I can’t reach the spirit of an angel!”
Shirone’s eyes became as cold as absolute zero in the face of excitement uncharacteristic of an archangel of annihilation.
“no.”
The golden incarnation expanded a little further and completely covered Shirone’s body.
“Not yet.”
The Valhalla action spun again and spun quickly.
Shirone, whose eyes emitted a terrifying glow, entered the results while biting her molars.
‘I need more power.’
Valhalla Action accepted Shirone’s endless desire without any filtering.
‘Stronger! more! more! more!’
As desire was mediated through the Akashic Records, the result of the causal exchange finally came out.
Power enough to convince you that it’s enough to destroy Faiel.
The price he had to pay to borrow the result was 127 years, 9 months, 17 days, 43 minutes and 5 seconds.
An inefficient payment method that makes you vomit blood.
This is due to the fact that advancing a specific action and advancing the level of the future are completely different.
This is because the action of moving from A to B takes approximately a fixed time, whereas strengthening mental power is never proportional to time.
In order to increase the power of magic, numerous variables such as potential, effort, training method, and recovery would be blocking the result, so it was clear that the interest of time had been compounded enough to make even the vicious usurer stick out his tongue.
Equivalent exchange of desire and possibility.
Even in the face of the consequences of having to give up her life for a loan, Shirone was adamant.
‘doesn’t care.’
With Syrone’s approval, Valhalla Action began to reverse cause and effect.
“It doesn’t matter, as long as you can get rid of it.”
It was the heart that threw all of his life that even Faiel overlooked.
In other words, it was Shirone’s whole heart.
Valhalla Action – Photon Cannon.
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!
A flash of light exploded in front of Shirone.
If you were watching the current scene from outside heaven, the flashes would surely extend like rays, but to the eyes of everyone watching from close by, it seemed like a huge barrier was just pushing through.
“Aww!”
With the scruff of his neck held, Faiel raised both hands to block his face.
However, in front of an astronomical mass being thrown out at a tremendous speed, even an archangel had no choice but to be defeated by force majeure.
oh oh oh oh!
The left arm fell off first, followed by the right arm and both legs at the same time.
As the whole body disintegrated, the dark energy that formed him rotated like a dragon, but even that was only a moment.
In the end, before he was even pushed 100 meters away, Faiel had already turned into a handful of dust, and just like that, he disappeared at the end of the world.
pop! pop! pop! pop!
The photon cannon fired from Arabot in the center of heaven spread out to the fairy city of Maconom.
And again, destroying numerous areas from there, he penetrated the outer wall of Heaven and disappeared into Purgatory.
“Pa, Faiel… … ?”
Satiel shuddered.
In the traces of the flash that severed the heavens, Faiel’s presence could not be found at all.
Humans annihilated the archangels.
An existence low enough to be treated as a citizen in Heaven trampled on the existence of the highest level in Heaven.
‘I see. After all, Ra’s will is… … .’
Satiel finally realized what Methiel was trying to say in the moment right before his death.
‘A human came up to the bottom of the chin.’
There was a time when even Mara was treated as a god by humans. Also, everything that happened in heaven was their myth.
But now, the curtain of that myth was about to lift.
‘Satan.’
Satiel suddenly came to his senses and looked back at Jebul.
With Faiel extinguished, the evil law would have become stronger.
“We need to find Rayel!”
Kariel will be destroyed, and even Ikael will be unable to fight.
At least one more angel must be gathered to prevent the situation from getting worse.
‘Until Ra’s will is activated… … !’
Having made up her mind, Satiel glanced at Ikael for a moment before spreading her wings of light and flying away.
Kururrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr
As if to prove her idea, she could see structures breaking, snapping, and collapsing in the distance from Jebul.
“Something like the devil… … !”
Satiel’s eyes flashed with intent to kill.
Methiel’s enemy, a huge chunk of red meat was rising from the gray smoke rising like a cloud.
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 507 - Headwind of Evil (1) 2.txt
===============================
[507] Evil Headwinds (1)
After confirming that Satiel was flying away, Ikael looked at Shirone.
His arms were stretched out with his back bent.
The body was standing, but the mind was already lying down, and there were no guns in the eyes.
“Shirone.”
Ikael flew towards Shirone, who was slowly collapsing forward.
But before she arrived, someone ran and grabbed Shirone.
It was Fleur who was unable to stand in front of a battle that transcended human limits.
“Shirone! Wake up, Shirone!”
Lying on Shirone’s face in his lap, Fleur patted her cheek, but she didn’t even move like a corpse.
The huge flash of the Photon Cannon was so intense that even Flew, who was away from the battlefield, was seeing it right in front of him.
I don’t know how he raised his power to that point, but what is certain is that in the world of magic, there is no reward without a reward.
When Shirone showed no signs of waking up, Fleur finally turned her head and glared at Ikael.
“What happened? Why isn’t Shirone waking up!”
Even in the presence of an archangel, Flew was fearless.
It was partly because her spirit had reached the end and only evil remained, but the fact that Ikael’s aura didn’t show any malice also played a part.
Rather, Ikael was looking at Shirone with more concern than anyone else.
‘Shirone… … .’
From the moment he cast Ataraxia with physical bullets, his mind was already shattered.
However, as he reached the state of banya, he delayed the mental explosion.
If it stopped there, maybe there was a little bit of hope.
“Shirone defeated Faiel through the Valhalla action of Ikasa’s Judicial Halo. He is paying the price now.”
“Valhalla action?”
Flew turned to Shirone with surprised eyes.
Considering the size of the last Photon Cannon, the price Shirone had to pay was unimaginable.
“how much… … Shouldn’t it stay like this?”
Ikael shook his head.
No one knows about this unless it is a calculation trigger called Valhalla action.
“I don’t know, but it will be much longer than you think. 50 years, 100 years, maybe 200 years.”
Flew looked back at Ikael with annoyance in his eyes.
Are you saying that now, having become an angel?
“200 years? Shirone is human I mean, humans can’t live that long. In that case, even magic shouldn’t have been used in the first place!”
Certainly.
If the result cannot be reached, it is normal that there should not even be a cause.
However, on the contrary, it can be said that the cause was established because it was an operation that eventually reached the result.
“Valhalla Actions are just triggers that mediate the Akashic Records. According to human common sense, it is right that the cause should precede the effect, but Valhalla Action reverses that logic. In this case, since the effect has been obtained, the cause must also be considered possible.”
It was still a tantrum, but Flew was no foolish wizard either.
“Then what if Shirone dies at the end of her lifespan? No, what if you get murdered before that? The result is already out, so how can the cause be changed?”
“I don’t know. But that’s the Akashic Records. A change of part is meaningless to the whole. No matter how the parts change, the whole is always perfect. If Shirone dies, things will change in some way. But that also means nothing to the whole.”
“Are you saying that God is indifferent?”
The god of angels and the god of Fleur must be different concepts, but Ikael nodded.
The death of a lover, an incurable disease, and heinous crimes are only given meaning to living things.
To the whole, Shirone’s death is just an event of exactly the same weight as the rolling of a pebble in a mountain.
“you’re right. And maybe… … That might be one of the ways to get Shirone back.”
Fleur’s eyes widened.
“What are you talking about?”
Ikael shook his head again.
Even the Archangel has no way of knowing what kind of calculation Valhalla Action performed.
I just wanted to convey that it was a matter of that level.
“Unfortunately, it is beyond my competence. However, Shirone is a human, so in the end, it is the answer that humans must find. Isn’t it human to endlessly seek answers even in despair?”
Fleur tried to shout something, but then shut her mouth and looked down at Shirone’s face with a sullen expression.
Ekael was also grieved.
‘It’s really a pity.’
perhaps… … If he had been diligent in a normal time, Shirone might have found a way to subdue Faiel in about 10 years.
The Shirone that Ikael was looking at had that much potential.
But there are no assumptions in the Akashic Records.
That’s why the Valhalla action should have calculated the time for Shirone to absolutely reach that level and demanded it as a price.
It is difficult for humans to live longer than 100 years, but it is not impossible.
In fact, there are a lot of people over 1,000 years old in Shehakim.
“First of all, you don’t have to worry. It’s because I reached the state of banya and stopped the explosion. Valhalla Action cannot render debtors of desire insolvent (moratorium).”
Hearing that he wouldn’t die anyway, Flew put his worries down.
It’s not easy, but there are other concerns at the moment.
“omg!”
At that moment, she came to an idea and turned to Ikael.
Quite a bit of time has passed, even if you feel it sensibly.
She shouted, fearing that it might be too late.
“It’s a big deal! God’s punishment… … !”
Ikael, who was nervous about Shirone, also hurriedly looked up at the sky.
As she looked down at the sky, her eyes were locked in shock.
“this… … .”
* * *
Gaold was surrounded by fallen angels and attacked like prey.
Around him, who was already unconscious and waving only his hands, the angels with their ferocious eyes raised were repeating attacks and retreats, cutting off his breath bit by bit.
This tactic wasn’t just to annoy Gaold.
it’s fear.
The memory of attacking Rakia and slaughtering countless fallen angels and Maras made them hesitate even to approach Gaold.
However, Kang Nan’s heart as he watched the scene from the top of the castle wall seemed to be torn into a thousand and ten thousand parts.
“Aaaaaaa!”
The more she did, the more she poured her strength into breaking her wrist.
oops! Awesome!
Every time he swung his arm with a scream-like spirit, his palm bones were crushed little by little.
Divine Transcendence – Yaksha.
Uriel defined the state of gangran that way.
Those who burn the will with the power of anger and change the laws of the flesh.
Gaold’s pain was completely permeated with the rage of Gangnan, making his will stronger.
Support! Support!
Finally, as all of the palm bones were crushed, Kang Nan’s shattered fist escaped from <Jachung>.
It was difficult to even take a single step with her body, which had been afflicted with pain all night, but Kang Nan burst into tears and collapsed under the wall.
Falling to the ground in an ambiguous state between landing and falling, she crawled for a while, then got up again and walked towards Gaold.
“mister… … mister… … .”
“Aagh! Wow!”
Gaold struggled with his hands, not even knowing that the river was approaching.
Consciousness, memories, and thoughts have already been blown away.
The only thing that moves him is the flash of pain in the darkness.
Watching him spin his body following the light and snatch his hand, I felt like my insides turned upside down.
“Mr. … .”
Kang Nan approached, hanging his two shattered fists down weakly.
‘It’s okay to love Miro. It’s okay if you don’t come to me.’
Because he knows what he’s fighting for.
‘I don’t know how hard it was for me, but it’s okay. therefore… … .’
Gangnan hugged Gaold’s waist.
Surprisingly, Gaold, who had lost his temper, stopped struggling.
“therefore… … .”
Kang Nan raised his head, pouring out hot tears.
“Do not hurt. I’ll fight, so please don’t get sick.”
“Now!”
When Gaold’s excitement subsided, the fallen angels plucked up courage and attacked them all.
If I don’t remove it now, I don’t know how long I’ll have to do with the bloody confrontation.
The moment Gangnan glared at the approaching enemies with his shoulders trembling, he heard Gaold’s voice, weak but clear, above his head.
“It’s a mutt… … .”
“mister!”
Gangnan looked back at Gaold with surprised eyes.
Compared to before he came to heaven, his face was emaciated enough to be considered a corpse, but he still had a wonderful smile.
“are you okay? Are you out of your mind?”
“… … The house is well guarded.”
Gangnan burst into tears.
He climbed up to deliver these words even when his mind had already fallen into hell.
In that deep, deep abyss, it was pulled out to see itself for the last time.
“No, mister! don’t go! Don’t leave me!”
“Destroy the enemies of Heaven! It has to be done once and for all!”
Gaold turned his head and saw the fallen angels flying over and tearing his mouth grotesquely.
“Quack.”
Pain 100 million times? 1 billion times? 10 billion, 100 billion times?
‘What do you know?’
“no! mister! do not do that!”
“Something like pain… … .”
Gaold looked down at Gangnan and stroked her hair.
As if trying to carve a voice directly into her head.
“It’s just pain.”
air pressing.
Wooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
At the moment when the shapeless, voluptuous sound exploded, the ground shook as if an earthquake had occurred.
And nothing.
“Aww! Aaaaaa!”
Kang Nan sobbed in Gaold’s arms as he cast magic and fell to his knees.
Gaold’s smiling face with his eyes closed seemed serene, but the price he had to pay for that one smile was in the deep, deep pit of hell.
“Aaaaaagh! mister!”
Yuriel, who remained on the castle wall, was watching it with her arms crossed.
As if it were a duty, I had to follow Kariel and confirm the last understanding of humans.
‘That’s… … Are you human?’
In the end, Gaold erased Rakia.
One human wiped out all the fallen angels and their Mara.
‘A maddening obsession that knows no end to humankind.’
Gaold is neither a prajna nor a yaksha.
So, that would not be all of humanity.
However, that was clearly the extreme of something that humans possessed.
‘Should I remove it now?’
Uriel summoned the Gon of Paradise.
“… … .”
And after fighting numerous strong enemies, I saw the miserable face of losing everything.
-Forbid the activities of angels.
Ra’s command, which I couldn’t understand at first.
But now, Uriel also realized exactly how things were going.
‘Preferably… … It would be better to remove it.’
On the one hand, I thought I wanted to leave it as it is.
A chance to finish by mobilizing all troops in Rakia.
However, it was a way that did not suit Yuriel, the Archangel of Destruction.
Cuckoo Cuckoo Cuckoo!
As Uriel spread his wings of light, the walls of the castle shook.
“Satan.”
The strongest enemy in heaven at this moment.
Uriel, who slowly rose above the castle wall, turned into a flash of light and flew to the center of the fire.
“Aww! Aaaaaa!”
The scream of gangnan permeated into the silence of Rakia.
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 508 - Headwind of Evil (2) 2.txt
===============================
[508] Evil Headwinds (2)
“Evil Law Satan.”
Gando followed Uorin’s words exactly.
Currently, it is Satan that Uorin is pointing out as the prime suspect, but the name Satan is familiar even in human history.
Of course, no one has directly seen the reality, but through numerous documents and pictures, I was able to subjectively imagine the appearance of Satan.
“okay. If there is something Anchera cannot do, it must be evil. And if it’s a concept that represents that evil, then Satan is perfect.”
Since ancient times, the kingdoms of heaven and earth have had limited exchanges.
In the process, mankind has accumulated a history of gods and angels, demons and monsters, and it has become a myth and settled in people’s minds.
“The opposition between good and evil is different from the opposition between nothing and something. It’s not clear. But it is a concept that definitely exists. If so, when did it happen?”
When Gando couldn’t answer, Uorin raised her index finger and pointed at the ceiling.
“From the beginning. To be precise, from the time we can think of being the first.”
Anke Ra defined this universe as a god-forsaken dump and decided to become a god himself.
And from then on, the universe became the universe, but in reality, it was the same reason that the universe existed since he was gone.
“That is what good and evil are. The whole, and something that opposes the whole. Perhaps it is endless chaos and instability. And from the moment we perceive the universe, it works on us in the name of good and evil.”
“so that… … It means that you cannot get rid of the evil law called Anke.”
Uorin crossed her legs and rested her chin on her chin.
“Hmm, I guess that’s the most likely theory right now. I’ll be able to hear more details once Tormia’s Cage Team B returns.”
Gando felt like the clue was finally being solved.
Humans can do what Anchera can’t.
“In the end, what Ra wants from us is for the followers of good to defeat Satan.”
Uorin smiled very pretentiously.
It seemed adorable knowing it was a joke.
“You are right to think so. But, Gando, humans are not the ones who choose between good and evil.”
Gando blinked his eyes.
Humans think they can choose between good and evil.
In fact, can’t even you decide that yourself now?
“Then, what kind of being are humans?”
“He is the one who defines good and evil.”
“… … .”
“There is no absolute dividing line between good and evil. That’s the biggest reason why Ankera can’t get rid of evil. But humans are different. Because we are extremely selfish and individual, we can flow for good or evil, and that is why we are unstable.”
Uorin leaned against the backrest holding the crystal glass she poured into.
“Instability always reveals weakness. That’s why you hear that humans are weak. But there are things that make me stronger.”
“That is… … What is it?”
When Gando, who had lost his mind, raised his head and asked, Uorin put the glass to his lips and pointed at Gando with his finger.
“belief.”
Wow!
Ethella, who was pinned against the wall, slammed her buttock on the floor in a crouched position.
“Keugh!”
Aside from the exhaustion of battle, it was to the point of irritation.
At present, the person with the strongest will for good in heaven must be Ethella.
And because of that, it was she who could stop Satan.
However, even if you rallied Satan with all your might, Satan quickly regained his energy and counterattacked with a stronger body than before.
Without looking, I could see that the laws of this world were leaning toward Satan.
“Geuk, you’re a strong woman.”
Satan, 30 meters tall, approached Ethella, breaking his neck.
The building they were in had already completely collapsed, and only the boundary lines on the low walls indicated that it was the angels’ room.
“Why are you attacking?”
Satan looked at Ethella’s ferocious eyes and asked.
“So, why risk your life on a stupid idea? It is always evil that rules the world. Because it is the most efficient means to achieve your desires.”
Satan grabbed the roof of the Buddhist altar standing tall in front of him and tore it off.
When he clenched his fist, the solid bricks crumbled into dust.
“The easiest way to have something is to just have it. If you see something to eat over there, just go up and take it away. Humans know that simple principle all too well. But why do you do stupid things?”
Ethella put her hands on the floor and stood up slowly.
“If humans are truly evil… … .”
Then, as he got ready to fight again, he looked up at Satan’s lofty face.
“Why is this world still maintained?”
This time Satan was silent.
“Yes, maybe humans don’t really need lines. Even if you leave it as it is, you will make your own justice and live well. But keep it in mind. Even in this life dominated by evil, the reason why so many people live while maintaining their humanity is because a small number of people with good will have kept it endlessly.”
“So you’re fighting too? Until you give up your desire?”
Ethella laughed.
“This is my desire. With a very selfish heart, I want this world to be full of love.”
Woo woo woo.
A long breath came out, and vitality began to circulate through Ethella’s body again.
“There is definitely goodness where evil like you doesn’t even look at it. And I am alive too.”
Ethella gritted her teeth and charged.
“The fact that humanity still exists is, to me, the clearest conviction of the good than anything else!”
Watching Ethella kick off the ground and jump up, Satan frowned.
belief.
People believe what they believe is right.
That’s why humans are dangerous.
Those who seek good, knowing that it is sweet and easy to follow the methodology of evil, have existed endlessly.
“It’s like that.”
Satan raised his fist, aiming at Ethella, who was coming up against him.
“Come on. human!”
“Tahaaaa!”
Ethella, which ran over her forearm to avoid the fist, kicked Satan’s jaw while spinning.
The face of Satan, huge as a rock, turned, and the falling Ethella crossed her arms and caught her breath.
The moment her arms opened and her eyes glowed, the magic of the Yin-Yang Wave Fist unfolded.
Thousands Arms Guanyin Lightning Strike.
Doo doo doo doo doo doo!
A ripple spread from the inside as the lightning strikes hit his hard chest.
Innumerable waves interfered, refracted, and reflected and spread throughout Satan’s body.
‘Believe! Humans!’
Ethella increased the speed of her repeated hits to the point where she couldn’t even breathe.
‘The will of good in the human heart!’
Doo doo doo!
A shower rained down on Satan’s body.
“Great!”
A shower rained down on Satan’s body.
* * *
“hey! Uriel!”
It was a long time ago.
Kariel went out to find Uriel, who had destroyed his creation again.
Just looking at the gigantic figure blankly looking up at the sky made me hate it.
‘Being ignorant.’
Kariel flew in a ferocious trajectory.
“hey! Why do you keep breaking my things!”
Turning his head, Yuriel’s answer was simple.
“You can make it unbreakable.”
“What, what?”
“I am the Archangel of Destruction. can break everything If you are also the archangel of creation, shouldn’t you make something that can never be destroyed?”
Kariel gritted her teeth as she tried to refute something.
“damn!”
I had nothing to refute.
“I can make it! But what you destroyed wasn’t something like that in the first place! I will tell Ikael everything.”
“To be pathetic. Ikael is the only one born before us, but he is the same archangel anyway. You do your own thing.”
“haha! You say that, but you can’t move. wait, I’m right now… … .”
The moment Kariel turned around, Ikael flew in from afar.
Kariel, whose face suddenly brightened, called out to her while lighting up the asteroid.
“Ichael! Ichael!”
As Ikael flew away, Kariel told all about Yuriel’s atrocities.
“Whatever I make, I always destroy. Please punish me.”
Contrary to his confident words earlier, Yuriel also turned his head shyly.
“hmm.”
Ikael looked down at Kariel’s horribly ruined creation.
“Yes, badly broken. Uriel was bad.”
“From now on, I will make things that will never break. An object that is so strong that Uriel cannot even move.”
Ikael said with a beautiful eye smile.
“Of course, that is a wonderful thing. But Kariel, if all things don’t break, there will come a day when you can no longer make new ones.”
“Ha, but… … .”
“There is no creation without destruction. Don’t you know?”
“But I feel bad. It feels like I’m being pushed by Uriel for some reason.”
“Whoops, you’re welcome. You are the angel of birth. It is a being that can create the most beautiful things even in the most terrible ruins.”
Ikael gently stroked Kariel’s hair.
“Make the most beautiful thing in the world. Something so beautiful that Uriel wouldn’t even think about destroying it.”
“… … .”
Kariel put on a blank expression as if she realized something.
Ikael said, touching their foreheads.
“Can you do it, Kariel?”
“Cool! Cool!”
Kariel, awaiting extinction, let out a harsh cough.
His pupils were already fully dilated and there was no vitality to be found.
It was a terrible look.
‘What I created is nothing but ruins. What more can I do here? Ikael, you are wrong. I couldn’t make it in the end.’
Higher than the sky, the faint ripping of the air could be heard.
‘Something is coming.’
“Kariel.”
Ichael has arrived.
God’s punishment would soon hit Heaven, but it was because of the thought that Kariel’s end had to be protected.
“Hey, are you finally looking after me? It is so glorious that it is about to perish.”
“Are you okay?”
“Very well. will soon perish It will disappear soon, so get out of here quickly.”
Ikael knelt down in front of Kariel and placed a hand on his distorted chest.
“I’m sorry. everything is my fault What made you this way.”
Kariel kept her mouth shut.
It wasn’t too bad to accept Ikael’s kind attitude despite his harsh tone.
‘ah… … .’
Kariel realized it belatedly.
The fact that Ikael has always been kind to himself.
“me… … Are you resentful?”
Ikael shook his head slowly.
“no. Why would I hate you?”
Those thrilling words actually hurt Kariel even more.
“It’s the last anyway. ‘Cause I’m going to perish So be honest. do you resent me I insulted you, mocked you, and made you suffer.”
“Kariel, you are a good angel.”
“Do not lie!”
Where did this energy come from?
Kariel shouted as if it didn’t matter if she disappeared immediately.
“You loved humans! You sided with humans until the very end! But why are you lying to me!”
Ikael looked down at Kariel with a pitiful expression.
“Yes, I love humans.”
A soft hand caressed Kariel’s hair.
It was the touch I had felt a long time ago.
“And Kariel, you are the most human-like angel among the angels I know.”
“Black! Whoops!”
Tears flowed down Kariel’s cheeks as she closed her eyes tightly.
I just realized
Why did you hate humans?
“sorry! Black! sorry!”
Ikael continued to stroke Kariel’s hair with a sad smile mixed with sadness and pity.
Kariel’s hazy eyelids slowly began to close.
“sorry. sorry… … .”
mom.
A name that could never exist for an angel was the last spirit engraved on Kariel’s luminary body.
The disfigured body turned into a brilliant light, marking the end of extinction.
‘Anker Rashi, take care of poor Kariel.’
Ikael stayed put even after Kariel was gone, and Fleur, standing behind her, turned his head toward the sky.
God’s punishment is yet to be seen.
‘Well, it’s only natural.’
That would be a formidable speed.
Therefore, once it came within visual range, it was so instantaneous that it could not even react to being driven to the ground.
Time left until the destruction of Heaven.
4 minutes 32 seconds.
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 509 - Evil Headwinds (3) 4.txt
===============================
[509] Evil Headwinds (3)
The aura of disgust disappeared from Erga’s face as he glared at Zulu in heavy silence.
Kirururu.
The little monster disappeared with a cute noise, and Zulu stood up.
cycle.
If she stopped even for a moment, she would be sucked into the endless abyss again, so she poured out countless feelings of malice that filled her heart.
side.
I put my blackmail pacifier back on the floor and looked at the scenery of Zion.
Most of the objects were destroyed in the confrontation with Kali, but there were countless metagates.
Zulu, clutching one of them, checked the time.
maybe it’s already too late
Did Ethella, who decided to find the disk, and Armin, who had to extract the coordinates to return from Ingris, complete their mission?
Since it was something you wouldn’t know until you went, she hurriedly moved toward the ground.
“… … .”
But just before leaving Zion, she stopped.
It is right to see that it is already too late.
On some missions, it is sometimes better to prepare for the worst rather than the smallest possibility.
Zulu looked down at the metagate in her hand for a moment, then turned back to Shion.
It was time to make a choice.
* * *
Thousands Arms Guanyin Lightning Strike.
The endless blows are a thousand arms to drive away the evil of the world, and the final thunderbolt is a realization that destroys evil.
It must have been the Thousand-Armed Kannon Lightning Strike, which is the magic of Yin-Yang Wave Fist, but the more she knocked on Satan, the more skepticism built up in Ethella’s heart.
“Huhhhh!”
A moan leaked through Ethella’s clenched teeth.
How could this be?
No matter how much waves were pushed in, interference did not occur as Satan’s flesh grew.
‘Just a little bit more!’
Theoretically, the yin-yang wave sphere can destroy any object from the inside.
However, it was not particularly effective against humans.
It is because there is no need to cause internal destruction to a human with soft skin.
Therefore, only the technology to destroy evil.
If it doesn’t work for Satan, the symbol of evil, even the faith of the Order of Carsis seems to be broken, so she is putting more effort into hitting it again and again.
“Great!”
As the pounding speed of the hard muscles increased, the feeling of shock began to be engraved on Satan’s face.
‘We’re almost there. If you push it hard enough to detonate the lightning field… … .’
“Quack. Kkkkkkkkk.”
Ethella found the light of hope and heard Satan’s laughter.
Without looking up, I could tell what his laugh meant.
Again, as Satan’s body began to grow rapidly, the ripples he had put in with all his might were fading.
“It tilted perfectly.”
Satan stretched out his arms wide and bent his upper body as if he had nothing to fear anymore.
It was a gesture to hit him as much as he wanted.
‘A huge force is rushing in.’
With Kariel annihilated in Arabot, there are now four archangels left.
And still, the Karas are putting shame on the angels and reducing their numbers.
As the seesaw of the law first leaned toward Satan, the flesh began to grow without limit.
“Ooooh! Ohhhh!”
In front of the growing body of evil, Ethella shed tears.
“Why, why, why!”
Since joining the Karsis Monastery, he has fought many evils.
But it was the first time I felt as miserable as I am now.
“Ah, it feels good. Hit more, hit more. please me more.”
Satan grew bigger without knowing the end.
When heights of 20m, 30m, 50m, and 100m exceeded, even the buildings around it collapsed.
“Hehehehe, poor human being.”
Doo doo doo!
Ethella did not stop attacking.
It was the voice of the teacher who passed on the true intention of the Yin-Yang Wave Fist that supported her in the feeling that the beliefs she had built up her entire life were collapsing at once.
-Ethella, you must believe. You have to believe that good exists.
* * *
fence.
It is a sword handling skill.
If you’re swinging your sword against a scarecrow, one very simple action is enough.
However, the sword is a game of tag with risking each other’s lives.
And from then on, things get serious.
The compatibility of movement, the compatibility of trajectory, the compatibility of judgment, and numerous compatibility come together to derive the next result, and the result becomes the cause of a new judgment again and wriggles to bite the opponent.
The confrontation between Kuan and the nameless created the feeling of a snake with the intent to kill, wriggling freely and moving to bite each other’s neck.
Nameless was close to perfect, and Kuan was unstable.
The two swords that went to the extremes awakened the existence that had stayed outside of their thoughts, and the higher the level, the higher it went.
I am getting stronger.
In a state where life is ignored and only thoughts are everything, Quan expressed chaos with his whole body.
As if staggering on a boat in a storm, the nameless sword swayed every time his legs twisted and his upper body swayed.
playing with a sword
Quan’s thoughts became rather simple as new patterns permeated endlessly into his body.
It was a journey to get closer to the essence of the sword, and it was justification that there was no need to be sure because it was close to the truth.
‘It’s so easy. What is a sword… … Was it this easy?’
Quan’s sword pierced the blind spot with a cold sharp edge.
As the scars increased all over the body, the unknown finally realized.
‘It’s sad to have to die.’
truly.
‘I feel resentful for having to disappear without being able to convey anything about such a wonderful world.’
Quan, who had passed by the waist of an unknown man, rotated his body like a top and took a detour to the enemy’s rear.
Moo-myeong hurriedly turned around, but Kuan’s figure was nowhere to be found.
‘Hey, I knew that. It can’t be.’
A human who fought for the first and last time since he was born without even being given a name.
Is there a swordsman stronger than this man in the world?
Moo-myeong hoped that Kuan would become the strongest swordsman.
Otherwise, it would be too unfair for his talent to be buried here.
‘No, it’s not like that.’
Nameless wandered everywhere in search of Quan, but as if he had disappeared, he could not even see his afterimage.
‘But you must be looking at me.’
I didn’t live a single day, but it was a wonderful life.
‘It’s because I met you.’
Anonymous slowly lowered his sword.
Movement Zero.
No matter where he looked, he would not be able to find Kuan, so further movement was meaningless.
“It is infinite because it is two.”
slam!
With a cool sound, the nameless neck fell off from behind.
Quan raised his sword diagonally, level with the ground, and as soon as he stepped on the ground with his intact foot, it rotated as if capturing the remaining inertia of external gravity.
Tok tok, Degururu.
Only after the rotation stopped did the nameless neck roll on the floor and blood gushed out like a fountain from the still standing body.
“okay.”
Kuan murmured with a nonchalant look.
“It’s infinite because it’s two.”
When a perfect one meets another, the future opens up and all possibilities spread out to infinity.
That is swordsmanship and the world’s reason.
Blood gushed from Quan’s shoulder, where his arm had been cut off.
It was a battle that had pushed him to the limits of his limits, and he could no longer maintain the schema.
“this!”
Armin kicked the ground and ran.
However, Siena arrived before that and grabbed Kuan’s upper body with her whole body.
“Mr Quan! are you okay? Come to your senses.”
Kuan just wanted to sleep.
However, when he heard the caller’s voice, he raised his trembling eyelids.
‘For a woman… … It smells so good.’
It was a refreshing shock to Quan, who had lived his entire life smelling blood and sweat.
‘But this scent probably doesn’t belong to me.’
Yes, it’s just a fragrance you can inhale at the cost of giving your life.
“I am okay. Go to Ingris.”
There is no news about Ethella and Zulu, but we must extract the coordinates according to the original mission so that we can plan for the future.
Cuckoo Cuckoo Cuckoo!
The building shook as if an earthquake had occurred.
“what?”
Armin looked up at the ceiling and shouted in a surprised voice.
“damage!”
The building was collapsing.
As Siena struggled to carry Kuan, Armin took them both and cast a flicker spell.
At the same time, a huge boulder slammed down on the spot where they were.
Rumble!
Armin, who escaped from the building, realized the true nature of the earthquake, and Siena was also looking up at the sky with an absurd expression.
“That… … What the hell is it?”
A gigantic monster unthinkable by human common sense continued to grow at this very moment.
As the monster stooped, an evil face abruptly descended from the clouds.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha!
A frenzied laugh erupted from the mouth that seemed to devour the world and shook the ground.
Armin said with a serious expression.
“I must go.”
The way to Ingris was blocked due to the collapse of the building, but looking at the current situation, it was not a situation where they were looking for coordinates to return to.
“I don’t know what the monster really is, but things are obviously messed up. Miss Ethella seems to be there too.”
The human fighting the monster was only a small dot, but Armin in the light could see it clearly.
While Armin acted immediately, Siena hesitated and couldn’t leave the seat.
He couldn’t leave Quan, the savior of his life, like this.
“Go.”
Kuan, who was looking at the sky with a nonchalant expression, said.
“But Mr. Kuan is now… … .”
“For a prosecutor, sympathy is a shame. Don’t worry, you won’t die.”
I’m not even sure if I can live with it.
In fact, how can a human being who has never died know how much it takes to die?
‘Siena… … .’
Armin was waiting far away.
Mission comes first.
However, since he had already abandoned Kuan to save Siena, he was no longer qualified to persuade him with such words.
‘Yeah, I don’t have time.’
Siena made the decision to go.
I am full of worries about Kuan, but if I don’t solve the problems I face, in the end, all that remains is annihilation.
“I’ll be right back.”
You may not come back.
Even if he spit it out, it would be a burden anyway, so Quan swallowed the words that came out of his throat.
Then Siena turned around and asked.
“Until then, will you stay alive?”
Quan didn’t feel worthy of an answer.
It’s because even if you ask to be alive in a state where your whole body is hacked up, it’s not something you can do on your own.
“If we return alive, then… … .”
Siena pondered the next word for a long time before speaking with a slight blush.
“Let’s eat together again.”
Leaving those words behind, Siena left for Satan with Armin as if running away.
Even after being left alone, Kuan did not show any change in emotion and just looked at the sky.
“Pooh!
Then, all of a sudden, I burst into laughter.
His face crumpled with arrogance as his wounds throbbed, but his lungs were still itchy and gasping.
‘Hey, what are you doing with me? Girl, I can’t even cut a steak with this body.’
Conflicting with obscurity, Kuan reached the present state by passing through the odds smaller than the eye of a needle.
But a one-armed, lame man was ashamed of himself to play the role of a woman’s man.
‘Yeah, it’s all over. This is my grave.’
When I felt so depressed that I wanted to drop everything, the bleeding I had been holding on to broke out again.
– Let’s eat together.
“ha.”
Kuan let out a sigh like a sigh.
“really… … People will turn around.”
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 510 - Headwind of Evil (4) 1.txt
===============================
[510] Backwind of Evil (4)
“There is a concept of symmetry to the Akashic Records, which were thought to be whole. concept outside the law. In other words, complete chaos.”
“okay.”
The smile on Woorin’s lips disappeared.
“Because I didn’t understand the chaos, I initialized everything called.”
When Gando looked at him with a puzzled expression, Uorin walked over to the table and took out the papers.
A thick file folder was placed in front of Gando.
Erase Anchera.
One of the most highly secure secrets in the world, possibly passed down only to Theraze’s official successor.
When Gando found it difficult to even look at him, let alone touch his hand, Uorin made a hand gesture and said,
“Read it. Because I have something to help you with.”
“Yes, then… … .”
Gando did not have the ability to accept the contents of a 200-page document in its entirety.
“You only need to read the last three pages.”
As Gando said he was obedient, each letter rushed like a shock wave in Gando’s pupils.
My saliva went down and my hands trembled.
“Now this is… … .”
“okay. This is the whole story of Ankera trying to reset the world and erase herself.”
“But doesn’t Ra still exist?”
“That’s where the variables came from. As long as Satan is not eliminated, the same result will only be repeated no matter how many times it is reset. Therefore, the point at which the Ankera eradication will be implemented will be after the extinction of Satan. That’s why I decided to repeat the world once again, even though I won the final war of Ra.”
Wu Lin continued to explain.
“Even for normal humans, traces of the reset remain, albeit minutely. That’s déjà vu. Theraze, as mitochondrial Eve, can almost completely restore that déjà vu.”
“That’s what we call the base case.”
“okay. Based on the analysis of the underlying event, we are currently living in a world after the second reset has been implemented. That is, the halfway point to where the second reset took place, repeating all the same steps.”
Gando imagined an imaginary timeline in his head.
Once reset, the world goes ‘off’.
Then, when something amplifies the world and goes back to the point of reset, one cycle is completed.
‘Now is the halfway point of that cycle. That said, we still haven’t gotten to the point where Ankera did his second reset.’
Perhaps that point is right before the end of the final war.
However, the future is changing with Theraze’s invasion.
“As it is, when will the final war take place?”
“The first reset period, that is, the time when the last war occurred in the era of Guffin Eradication, is six months from now. As usual, the archangel named Kariel destroys the space-time of the maze by now, and the maze dies. But as you know, the second reset, Anchera Eradication, is different. Because I added a variable.”
One of those variables was Gando.
The reason why he was created in Mystra’s stomach during the era of Ankera Eradication, and the reason why he was raised as a spy in Tormia after leaving his mother’s arms since he was born… … .
“To send Gaold to Heaven. By sending him to heaven, you created a different future from Guffin Eradication.”
“okay. After Ra attempted his second reset in anticipation of Satan’s annihilation, Thera Ze agonized over this for hundreds of years. Then, my predecessor, Mystra, remembered an incident 20 years ago during the eradication of the Guffin.”
Memories of that time flashed in Uorin’s mind.
In order not to let go of the maze, Gaold’s hair turned white while forcibly breaking through the camp of the law.
The monstrous screams he had uttered seemed to still be heard vividly in my ears.
“That’s when I realized. That’s it! If this is a man who can sacrifice everything for Miro, he might bring us a special variable.”
Uorin clicked with her fingers and smiled.
Of course, it wasn’t something she experienced.
* * *
The ever-growing face of Satan pierced the sky.
Even the tallest mountain range in Heaven was no more than his shoulder height.
“Oohhhh!”
If mountains move with life and will, how much destruction will this world have to endure?
Satan really felt like he had become a great mountain.
Everything under her eyes looked so insignificant.
Kururrureung!
Every time Satan took a step, the structure of the jebul collapsed like a sand castle.
The presence of Ethella, who was now firing a series of hits at 700 meters in the sky, was invisible.
“Huh! Whoa!”
Cold tears flowed from her eyes as she quickly punched her fists while her body was lifted up by external gravity.
helplessness.
He pushed the waves with all his might, but as Satan’s body grew bigger, the shockwaves also spread in vain.
‘Don’t give up! No, I can’t give up!’
After being defeated by Arcane, the determination that has grown stronger is that he will never again succumb to the power of evil.
Awesome! Awesome!
After thousands of punches, bones began to break, but she continued to attack.
What is more terrifying than breaking the body is breaking the faith.
“Why, why, why!”
Does evil inexorably grow stronger?
Is this world really a place ruled by evil rather than good?
-If everyone is good… … .
I heard the master’s voice.
“There will be no chaos in the world. However, someone is trying to break the silence by using the chaos. The ways of evil are easy, hedonistic, and efficient.”
Ethella, who had been kneeling and listening, raised her head.
a fourteen-year-old child.
She was a young girl with a youthful appearance and wearing large glasses, but her eyes were shining with a holy will of goodness.
“But there is another reason why they choose evil.”
“What is it, Master?”
“Because you look strong.”
At the unexpected words, Ethella blinked.
“Yeah, I don’t understand. But that’s because you are truly strong. A strong person is not swayed by evil. It’s weak, so I’m looking for another way. So remember, Ethella. If one good can prevent a hundred evils, then good is stronger than evil.”
“Yaaaaaa!”
Thousands Arms Guanyin lightning strike speed increased.
The moment his fists were smashed to the point where they could no longer be used, an evil blow struck Satan’s body.
‘A thunderbolt field!’
Wow!
Satan’s skin rippled and spread like waves.
However, the ripples came back as if time had turned back, and Ethella was pushed back with a pop and shock.
“why… … !”
Ethella’s body fell from a height of hundreds of meters.
“Why eh eh eh eh!”
In front of an unacceptable reality, Ethella trembled with a sense of helplessness.
‘I’m sorry, Master. I’m not strong.’
Ethella’s body was accelerating towards the ground at a terrifying speed in the terrible feeling of faith collapsing.
Cheolryunan – Equilibrium.
As air resistance increased enormously, the speed of the fall was significantly reduced.
Sparks flew in Ethella’s eyes as she fell to the ground with a thud, but the shock was not enough to tear her limbs apart.
‘how?’
After waiting for a while without grasping the situation, Sein ran from afar and looked down at Ethella.
“Are you okay?”
“Mr. Sein.”
“Sorry for being late. Ingris has business to do.”
Ethella turned around and stood up, supporting the ground with her elbows.
Pain surged from his knuckles belatedly, but it wasn’t a situation to care about.
“If it’s Ingris, Armin-san will go… … .”
“okay. But the reason we went was not because of the coordinates.”
“we?”
At that moment, Ethella looked behind Sein’s back.
Arius, who had his eyes closed with a bandage, crawled with his tongue out like a dog, and a woman walked by holding on to the leash that was put on him.
“Mr. Miro.”
“Is that Satan? You look really ugly.”
Miro, who covered the sun with her palm, looked up at Satan with an expression as if she were watching animals at a zoo.
* * *
“Anyway, even the names of good and evil are nothing more than boundaries defined by humans.”
Uorin turned in front of the window.
“It already existed before humans called it evil. what kind of energy Or with the concept of chaos.”
“That chaos materialized is Satan.”
“Yes. Creatures born in the Akashic Records define what is outside the Akashic Records. That’s why Anke can’t defeat Satan, but humans can. step.”
Wu Lin returned to her seat and sat down.
“Only if the power that defines good is stronger than the power that defines evil. Indeed, between good and evil, what do humans define as right?”
“If evil triumphs, there will be no reset and no future for us. Was Gaold the variable that the Queen planned to annihilate Satan?”
Wu Lin shook her head.
“Heaven is not so easy. I made a mistake in terms of unity, but in the end, I was defeated even when the temple’s power was fully activated. Of course, Gaold is an excellent wizard. However, he is not an irreplaceable wizard. Gaold is just an opportunity to create a variable. There are other variables that can truly cause ripples in Heaven.”
A person’s face appeared in Gando’s mind.
“then… … .”
“Adrias Miro. She died in vain during the eradication of Guffin, but I thought that if she was old, I would be able to save her. I was trying to change her future through her.”
“Can she make it?”
“I don’t know. just have to believe But she said if she can’t she can’t anyone else. Anyway, the maze… … .”
Receiving the halo of sunlight, Uorin smiled.
“Because it’s the strongest ‘Bannya’ that mankind has produced.”
* * *
“What did you go to Ingris for?”
Sein gave a short answer to Ethella’s question.
“To know the will of Ra.”
Early this morning, Sein, who gave each party member their own mission, met Miro again after dismantling the bomb in his head.
Before coming to heaven, to be precise, it was to confirm the identity of the sense of incongruity he felt when entering the space-time of the labyrinth in Istas of Alpheas Magic School.
When he entered with the expectation of a reunion and realized that there was no maze, Sein sensed a strange twist.
It’s a shame that no matter what you choose, it’s not true.
At the time, no one could explain the sensation, but I thought it would be different with the maze.
As expected, Miro sensed something as soon as he heard Sain’s words, and he investigated Ingris’s Akashic Records.
So at last they realized the true meaning of this war, what current they were being swept up in.
“This is the second reset. Another reset occurred after the erasure of the Guffin, and we are now in that timeline. This is the true identity of the sense of incongruity I felt at Eastas.”
Miro added.
“Sein adjusts the physical and emotional factors with the Iron Wheel. That’s why I was able to perceive the subtle errors of this world more clearly than others.”
Sein continued.
“The problem is that the world of the first reset and the current world may be completely different. Why did it have to be Estas? Because in the world of the first reset, our visit to Istas didn’t happen. In other words, events that did not exist in the world before are now happening. What it means is… … .”
Miro was told.
“Someone intentionally triggered the incident that sent Gaold to heaven. That is, to free me. Guess it roughly. There aren’t that many people who have the ability, power, and brain to calculate this far.”
“It’s Theraje.”
Ethella had also heard Theraze’s secret from Gaold and others before coming to heaven.
“that’s right. He must have been planning everything since Judgment Day of the Twenty. There is only one purpose.”
Miro looked up at Satan who was destroying the world.
“To defeat that monster. Anke Ra gave humans a chance through Reset, and Theraze created that possibility. So, I feel very bad.”
Miro pursed her lips and moved on.
-Miro, stop now… … let’s go back
For a brief moment, a man’s face passed through her mind, and Miro’s eyes widened violently.
“Are these things playing with me?”
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 511 - Left Questions (1) 4.txt
===============================
[511] Questions left behind (1)
“Huh! A lowly creature dares me… … me!”
The angels who had been hiding in various parts of Jebul under Ankera’s order were helplessly attacked by Karas.
Garas, who inherited the traits of Night Blind’s minions through the Fusex Machine, and Garas, who is currently trying to breed mercilessly from angels, are now completely different creatures.
It is because it has repeatedly evolved so ignorantly that it can be called a big explosion.
Leaving descendants in the bodies of angels, the highest-ranking creatures in the kingdom of heaven, is the optimal choice for maintaining the species.
The already strong desire to preserve the species soared without knowing the end, and because of that, the ability to reproduce was extinguished for all species except angels.
The shape of the Garas, which only craved angels, changed to a gigantic tadpole and increased its number through cell division.
Just by touching the body, the angels fertilized the seeds of Garas, and even if they were removed by force, they somehow passed on their information through self-destruction.
“To be put to shame like this… … !”
The angels chose to perish on their own, and the number of individuals gradually decreased as they did so.
“Kiaaaagh!”
A group of Garas that filled the corridor were burned without even a trace by the brilliance emitted from Rayel, the archangel of light.
“Crack! Clara Rock!”
Satiel, the archangel of decomposition, took over and disintegrated the last remaining body of Garras down to the molecular level.
I know that something like glass will never touch my body, but it was frightening to see it fly.
“Disgusting things. How dare you scorn an angel?”
“It’s not an alien quarantined species for nothing. Anyway, the situation is serious. I’ve already lost half of my angel’s power.”
Anke Ra is waiting for Satan to be destroyed.
Now that they realized that fact, what the two archangels had to do was to keep as many angels alive as possible.
There is also the problem of planning the future, but when Satan’s power becomes stronger, it is not even reset and it is over.
“It’s pitiful.”
What was most upsetting was the fact that most of the angels were choosing extinction.
‘I was too arrogant.’
Recalling the human battle to find hope in despair, Satiel rethought the meaning of the angelic symbol of the sublime.
Whoops!
At that time, a roar came from the gateway of Araboth, which was in contact with the Buddha.
Satiel’s face wrinkled as he looked down.
Rebels were entering Arrabot.
“Corsair! Advance! Victory is right around the corner!”
“Punish Ra!”
The rebels, who had been defeated only an hour ago, had a sharp turn in the war.
This is because the Maras, who belonged to the angels, disappeared as the angels disappeared.
Holding on to that little ember of hope, the rebels broke through the walls of Arabot.
‘I see hope!’
Anger at the loss of a comrade and determination to win the war stood in everyone’s eyes.
But the rebels didn’t know.
The existence of God’s punishment falling towards the center of heaven even at this moment.
Time left until the destruction of Heaven.
3 minutes 21 seconds.
* * *
Satan went around destroying all the buildings in Jebul.
It was so huge that there was no need to target anyone.
The place he was going to was ruins and the end.
“This is interesting.”
A pitiful world viewed from a high place, weak and pitiful beings who would be crushed by the mere touch of their feet.
“Quack. Ha ha ha!”
Satan’s laughter was louder than thunder, and the air trembled, making the mountains and rivers and trees vibrate.
“How far do you plan to grow?”
Ikael’s triad, Mara Ashur, was watching Satan’s self-indulgence with the giant corps leader Girshin.
“I’m on par with Ymir in strength alone.”
Besides, since he was a being outside of the law, there was nothing he could do until Ra’s will was invoked.
Girshin did not show off his bluff in front of Satan’s armed force.
“Definitely strong. I won’t be able to compete either. but… … .”
Girshin turned to Ashur and widened his eyes.
“Don’t you dare compare with his might.”
Ashur’s signal was strong enough to break the balance of the triangular mara, but to Girshin, Ymir was always the strongest.
Truly strong is a strength in which relativity cannot exist.
The only one who reached that level was Ymir in Heaven.
* * *
“Stand back. I will.”
Ethella blocked Maze from approaching Satan.
Miro’s face, which he confirmed as if he was stealing, was extremely cold, unlike his appearance so far.
“what? Anything to say?”
“Oh, me too… … .”
Ethella hurriedly came to her senses, but in the end was unable to speak.
Even the thunderbolt of the Thousand-Handed Guanyin could not even shock Satan’s body.
The will to defeat any evil was shattered before Satan.
Miro looked down at Ethella’s broken fist.
A person’s hand cannot reach that level unless they wield it with extreme determination.
“I don’t mean to blame you. You can’t fight with those fists anyway, can you?”
Ethella bit her lip and swallowed the bunru.
‘What is a follower of good? What is a monk fighting for the world.’
As much as the strong conviction, the sense of helplessness came as big.
A labyrinth passed through the path that Ethella had opened.
I clasped my hands together, flipped it over and pushed it out, and my shoulders and elbows made a popping sound.
As I approached him, bending his neck from side to side, Satan turned his head.
‘what?’
Because the kidney pierced the sky, it was a distance that could never be confirmed with the naked eye, but strangely, it was clear that the maze was approaching.
With an aura that is temperamentally different from Ethella. Satan’s unreasonable malice burned like fire.
“Quack! What else is this?”
Woo woo woo woo!
When Satan struck down the soles of his feet, a radius of 100 meters was devastated.
Sein, who took Ethella and avoided the seat, quickly cleared the dust cloud inside the iron wheel.
“A labyrinth?”
With the maze out of sight, Sein’s face suddenly turned pale as he expanded the spirit zone.
“You’re crazy.”
The location of the labyrinth felt through synesthesia was under Satan’s soles.
“Hoo?”
When Satan put on a puzzled expression and raised his foot, the figure of Miro with a hand sign on his right hand was revealed.
The soles of his feet, which had stepped on the maze, were dented, but compared to his huge body, it was not a pain.
“It’s funny, human. How dare you stand against me, the personification of evil.”
“Is it funny? What is this now?”
Miro, who had been coldly glaring at Satan, laughed as if he had never done that before.
“No, what’s really funny is your ugly face.”
Krrrr.
A harsh sound came from Satan’s teeth-baring throat.
“Ghahahahaha!”
But the next moment, anger turned into madness, and all the humans on the ground covered their ears.
“What an insignificant human being!”
At some point, Satan stopped laughing and glared at the maze with eyes burning with fire.
It was the first time he revealed his intent to kill a single target.
“We have to stop!”
Sein grabbed the shoulder of Ethella who was about to throw herself.
“wait. Miro will have an idea.”
“I know how strong Mr. Miro is. But scale magic won’t work on Satan.”
Satan is outside the law.
The only thing that can destroy that absolute chaos is a will strong enough to change the law.
“You don’t know the maze very well yet.”
Sein looked back at the maze.
“I built a dimensional wall to protect humanity. Because he was the only one who could do it. But Miro wasn’t originally that kind of person. For us, her space-time in the labyrinth would have been a huge blessing, but she would have been more like a shackle to her.”
Ethella couldn’t believe it at first.
The space-time of the labyrinth is the extreme that a scale wizard can reach.
If even that level is just shackles, can such a person really be called a human being?
“Then what kind of person is Mr. Miro?”
“To be honest, I don’t know either. How to define that sleazy woman.”
Ethella’s face turned into an absurd expression.
“But one thing is certain.”
As if emphasizing the curvature of the body, Sein pulled his pelvis out and looked at Miro, who was in a three-legged posture.
“The labyrinth I went through is a person who can do anything a human being can dream of.”
Even in front of Satan’s overwhelming body, Miro was smiling relaxedly rather than being intimidated.
“Whoops, I will do another one.”
“Oohhhh!”
At her, Satan roared and raised his fist to the top of his head.
This time will be different.
If you crush it with all your might, even the world’s labyrinth is nothing more than a small object.
Just as he was about to throw his fist down with such confidence, Satan’s movements flinched and his eyes widened.
A mysterious aura was emanating from Miro’s body.
The energy shimmering like a haze gradually condensed in the air, and finally the incarnation began to materialize.
Hwashin’s face, which was tinged with calm blue light, looked calm, and a young smile formed at the corner of his mouth.
Beyond the mind – Banya.
Ethella muttered with a blank expression.
“Nonsense.”
The afterimage of the incarnation was getting bigger and bigger.
Growing, growing, growing endlessly, beyond gigantism, it deserves to be called expansion.
The incarnation rose to the height of Satan.
Satan’s head, which had been silently watching, began to slowly raise its head toward the sky.
Finally, the incarnation of the labyrinth beyond the limits that can be seen with the naked eye has departed into outer space.
The size finally reached is approximately 128 times the size of the planet.
It was a situation where the whole sky was filled with the incarnation of the labyrinth, enough to be seen from anywhere in the hemisphere.
“Ah, ah… … .”
Arius knelt down and raised his hand toward the maze, shedding tears of emotion.
this is the labyrinth
Any human would become a mere insignificant existence in front of her.
The incarnation of Avalokiteshvara overlooking the whole world.
This was the reason why even Arius of the Seven Magicians, who was called the villain of the world, willingly lowered himself to the status of a dog.
‘This is the end.’
Miro, who had released the three-gok posture, drew a circle with both hands wide, and the huge incarnation moved in the same motion.
The world seemed to sway as the two arms of the incarnation, which stretched from end to end of the sky, moved.
“Thousands Arms Guanyin… … .”
Ethella’s voice trembled.
The two arms of the incarnation descending from the top of the head to the left and right differentiated at the smallest unit of time, leaving afterimages.
The sight of countless afterimages coming like tails and pushing toward Satan was the biggest realization in her life.
‘The power of incarnation… … .’
Concentrating her will with all her might, Miro put her palms together and raised her eyes wide.
‘Compress to one point!’
Banyabaramil – Paradise.
No sound, no smell, no form.
The fact that 180,000 palms were flying from left and right was all Satan could guess.
Realizing the serious crisis, Satan’s eyes quickly began to look left and right.
I didn’t know what kind of outcome awaited me, but I didn’t want to fall for that technique even if it meant selling my soul.
‘It must be avoided!’
But where?
The moment I realized, the power went out of Satan’s body.
“Damn it… … .”
Deed deed deed deed!
“Quaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!”
As the incarnation’s palms collided with the planet in between, 180,000 shockwaves rushed in at the same time.
Feeling the shock of crushing his whole body, Satan trembled like mad.
The intensity of the impact that the huge incarnation compressed into a single point was a sensation that could only be tasted at the end of the world.
Each cell of Satan’s body swelled up like a balloon, and the red skin became bumpy like embossing.
The body, distorted so badly that it lost its original shape, exploded with a popping sound and began to rapidly shrivel.
“Keeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee!”
An evil scream rips through the sky.
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 512 - Questions Left Behind (2) 2.txt
===============================
[512] Questions Left Behind (2)
The distortion that started from the fingertips spread to the whole body.
seesaw of the law.
A shock so strong that the balance created after annihilating the archangels and eliminating numerous angels tilted in an instant was being applied to Satan’s body.
The 180,000,000 hand gestures that the incarnation of Guanyin inflicted on Satan became the law of good, destroying the law of Satan.
“Uuuuuuuuuuuuuuu!”
Satan’s body twisted like lightning.
It felt like someone was squeezing her body like laundry, and regardless of her will, an expression of astonishment and fear was engraved on her face.
“Big uh… … .”
Shaking his body, Satan looked down into the labyrinth, barely remaining in shape.
The incarnation of Avalokiteshvara disappeared and Miro, who was putting his palms together in the trance of fear, came to his senses and stumbled.
His face was pale and sweaty, as if he had run a long way.
“Are you done?”
Sein looked at Satan’s condition with a nervous expression.
Avalokiteshvara of Kannon is the totality of laws that a human being, the strongest prajna in history, can embody.
If it could not be destroyed even with this, it could be affirmed that no human being would be able to stop Satan.
“Grrrrrrrrrrr!”
Satan stumbled as if running away from something, and knocked over the structure of the jebul and moved on.
“Kueeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
Then, as if surprised, he raised his eyes and vomited black things.
Black smoke poured from his huge throat like a waterfall and colored the ground with a muddy aura.
“Keugh!”
It’s not material, but just touching it made me feel like my bones were rotting.
“Kaak! Kaak!”
After pouring out everything contained inside, Satan took a rough breath and examined his condition.
“Quack.”
He was still at the edge of the sky, and the earth seemed far away.
“Ha ha ha ha!”
Withstood.
Even he, a perfect chaos, felt fear in front of the incarnation of Kannon, but in the end even 180,000 laws could not extinguish himself.
“I am the horror! I am evil!”
Aaaaaaaang!
Arius hugged the maze as the huge fist slammed down and cast flicker magic.
However, Satan no longer cared about her, and went to the Spire of Arabot, destroying Heaven without any roughness.
Every time I hit it with my feet and hit it with my fist, the scenery of heaven turned into ruins.
“I-what is that?”
The rebels who entered Arabot screamed and looked up at Satan.
Woo woo woo woo!
Everyone trapped inside was turned into a bloodbath as their feet were slammed.
“at last… … Will it be like this?”
The archangels, who had watched the blow of Guanyin in shock, were also in a situation where they couldn’t help but feel despair.
-Ethella, you must believe.
Except for one person.
-You have to believe it, Ethella.
Ethella rushed at Satan who was overturning the world.
“Huhhhh!”
The world seems to be tainted with evil.
-If everyone was evil, we would have already perished.
Even if you can’t help but be swayed by the power of evil.
– One good keeps a hundred evils at bay.
desire to be good.
A human heart that is ashamed of evil and proud of good.
“Huhhhh!”
Ethella shed hot tears.
It would be difficult for this world to be filled with only goodness as much as evil could not rule it, but she believed.
that humans can choose.
That one day we can all overcome the fear of chaos and rise to the highest level.
Even if it takes thousands, tens of thousands, hundreds of millions of years, if you fight, fight, fight again.
-As long as we keep the good until the end, evil can never dominate humans. So believe me.
‘I believe, Master!’
Ethella stopped and clenched her fists.
Wood Deuk!
Broken bones protruded through the flesh, but the full emotion ignored the pain and awakened the good will.
– The realization that awakens the world!
‘Enlightenment awakening the world!’
It comes with a roar.
The strongest swordsman of the Karsis Monastery – the shout of destruction.
“ah… … !”
The moment Ethella opens her mouth.
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaa!
A great will of goodness rode with a roar and attacked Satan.
“Quaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!”
As Satan walked to the spire of Aravoth, he arched his body and screamed.
The law of evil, which had been cohesive while being hit by the labyrinth of paradise, was broken into fragments.
As the new will of good pushed in there, the body began to split into pieces in the form of fragments.
His skin turned red like lava, and parts of his body were distorted and burned like ashes.
“Hey, heck heck!”
Realizing he couldn’t hold on, Satan looked down at Ethella, baring his vile fangs.
“That’s quite right, human.”
As the hot air rose, as if standing on firewood, Satan’s body began to tear up into the sky.
“This is not your victory. I do not perish. It will come back one day and stain this world with evil.”
oooh oh oh oh!
Satan roared, infusing his upper body with power as if he were burning himself.
As the huge column of heat ascended to heaven, the body that had been disintegrated into powder fluttered.
“Satan… … disappeared.”
Satiel, who was watching from the sky of Jebul, murmured.
The Archangel of Light, Rayel, also looked back at the spire of Arabot with a serious expression.
The fact that the huge barrier blocking Ra’s will has disappeared means that you have the opportunity to reset the Akashic Records.
“Let’s go, Satiel. Sooner or later the world will reset.”
Once the reset is triggered, the world restarts from the off state.
However, most beings who do not know that they have been reset simply repeat the same process over time.
Therefore, the events that occurred before the Reset will be repeated in the world after the Reset.
Archangels will perish, Satan will fall to humans, and most of the angels will be defeated by Garas.
‘Which event to save?’
The two archangels threw themselves into the ruins of Jebul again.
What they chose was to save as many angels as possible.
* * *
‘Satan has been annihilated!’
Ankera, who was on the top floor of the spire of Araboth, opened her eyes in a flash.
The only entity beyond the control of the Akashic Records has just disappeared.
Therefore, if we reset the world from now on, we can create a new future while maintaining the extinction of Satan.
But what Ra chose was not a reset.
‘You have to listen.’
The large eyes protruding from the leather shook quickly from side to side.
As the pupils moving at electrical speed caused afterimages and drew something, something with wings of light was summoned.
She was the incarnation of Shirone, who was paying the price for the Valhalla action.
Ankera, who was looking at Shirone, who was kneeling and bowing her head, rubbed the ganglion sticking to the wall and delivered a voice.
“Do you remember your promise? You promised to bring me the answer, risking the life and death of mankind.”
“… … .”
“You have the right and the duty to answer the questions Guffin leaves behind.”
“… … .”
Shirone still didn’t answer.
* * *
A massive flash of light fell from the sky.
Aaaaaaaang!
The archangel of destruction, Yuriel, is in a mounted posture while burning fragments of the earth.
Compressing his strength in the same position he landed on, the next moment he bounced toward the maze.
“Oohhh!”
The goon of paradise rotated at a terrifying speed, scorching the air.
It was no coincidence that he had finally appeared.
The extinction of Satan means that the will of Ra will be activated sooner or later.
The world will be reset, and Ra will conquer humanity again in one way or another.
‘Previously… … .’
The maze must be removed.
It is not an exaggeration to say that although Ethella was the one who decided on the annihilation of Satan, Miro played 90% of the role to reach that result.
As the final victory or defeat could depend on whether or not she existed, it was Uriel’s judgment that the maze should be erased before resetting.
“Whoa! Krrrr!”
Arius rushed towards Yuriel, who was rushing forward with the energy of a god of war.
It was the appearance of a faithful servant who made maze his faith, but as a grave robber, he had no way to stop the archangel of destruction.
“Keep it!”
Arius’s body landed on the ground in one hit and bounced like rubber.
Uriel didn’t care and rushed at the maze.
By giving Satan a blow, his strength would have been extremely low, but he was not an opponent to be caught off guard.
Ragnarok – Coercion.
Whoops!
Yuriel, who had been hit by the maze with her judicial halo spread, came to a standstill.
‘… … Is it a maze after all?’
Is there another scale wizard in the human world other than her that is powerful enough to stop the coercion of Ragnarok?
Miro, who was pressing Uriel’s forehead with the hand that sealed the hand, gave a troubled smile.
“It’s difficult to hit it like this. Are the men waiting in line right now?”
“Oohhh!”
Uriel’s body, which raised the energy of destruction, emitted light as if it would explode at any moment.
The moment the maze of smiling faces hurriedly widened the distance, Yuriel, who had turned into a flash of light, charged.
Cheolryunan – Sun Moon Hwangryun.
Sein controlled Yuriel’s power, but it was only possible to prevent instant death.
“Huh!”
Red blood gushed out of Miro’s mouth, which had been tackled in the abdomen, and it ricocheted and rolled on the floor.
“Whoa, this is a bit difficult.”
Wiping her reddened lips with blood, she raised her head to see Yuriel, who was stabbing her forehead as if she were about to shatter her forehead.
Sein screamed and ran.
“Aaaaaaa!”
Uriel, who suddenly felt his power draining away, looked down.
Sein was biting his ankle with his teeth.
“Huh! Whoa!”
The sum of the factors controlled by the solar halo is always the same.
Therefore, Sein was controlling Yuriel’s power by reducing the Spirit Zone to the borderline of the body.
“How pitiful.”
Yuriel shook her leg, but Sein didn’t fall like a leech.
bang!
Then, as if he was annoyed, he stomped his foot down, and Sein’s face hit the ground as it was.
“Big uh… … .”
His jaw, which was still biting his leg, trembled.
‘okay. You were right, Gaold. You were right.’
Face and dignity don’t matter.
The value of the name that was called the strongest magician in the spirit world in the black line was not important.
What really matters is to throw your whole heart into it and protect it.
“Huh!”
have to endure
If only the maze could be saved, I could do anything.
‘Damn it! If you’re going to do it, do it quickly!’
When will the alternate reset happen?
No, maybe we are living in a world that has already been reset?
Even if it was reset, not knowing when that point was was the last homework left to Sein.
“There is nothing more to be expected of man.”
Sain, whose jaw was broken, rolled on the floor as Yuriel, who had spread her wings and flew up several meters, fell down with all her might.
“Aaaagh!”
Realizing that control of the halo of the sun and moon had disappeared, Uriel walked back to the maze.
Then, he aimed the gong of paradise between her eyebrows, who kept her mouth shut with a tired expression.
“This is all over, maze. It is our victory.”
“Stop it, Uriel.”
Yuriel turned her head and saw Ikael approaching with a terribly disheveled appearance.
He returned his gaze to the maze as if turning away.
“Even you can’t stop me right now. We will clear the maze before it resets.”
“No, it’s already too late. Look at the sky.”
Uriel raised his head to the sky.
At a distance that is not yet visible to human eyes but can be felt by the archangel, a great deal of energy is being directed at Arabot.
‘Is that so… … .’
Even if Satan is gone, when God’s punishment falls, Anke Ra cannot escape extinction.
After all, there was a time limit on the reset.
Time left until the destruction of Heaven.
23 seconds.
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 513 - Left Questions (3) 1.txt
===============================
[513] Questions Left Behind (3)
After learning the whole story of the incident, Gando was lost in thought.
It is understandable that Ankera, realizing the existence of Satan, used Reset to give humans another chance.
But one question still remained.
“why… … Are you trying to expunge it?”
Erase Anchera.
If Satan is annihilated, Ra can once again conquer the human world through a final war.
There is no reason to obliterate yourself.
Woorin answered any question coolly, but this time the silence was long.
Gando realized through that fact.
There is no déjà vu about the Guffin erasure, but it was a story that could be inferred enough.
Theraze met Ra.
Otherwise, such a compromise would not make sense.
“okay. Theraje Mystra once faced Ra alone at the end of the Last War. But Theraze wasn’t the person he really wanted to face. The reason why Mystra was able to predict the eradication of Ra and why the empress was replaced earlier than planned is because of that child.”
“What about that child?”
“Aryan Shirone.”
Gando remembered Shirone’s face.
A bold boy who proposed a deal to Gaold from the Magic Association.
Perhaps Gaold intended to use him for the Heaven Project, but it was unexpected that the name Shirone was mentioned even in Theraze’s mouth.
“Why did Raga find Shirone?”
“To hear the answers to the questions left behind.”
When Gando tilted his head, Uorin added an explanation.
“Satan, so absolute chaos, was a concept that Ankera could never understand. He is the whole, but chaos is outside the whole. The fear of the unknown awakened old memories in Ankera.”
Uorin’s impression of pulling out information close to ancient memories was slightly distorted.
“Perhaps Guffin is a person who existed until recently. It’s just something we forgot.”
McLean Guffin expunged his existence from the Akashic Records.
It is still talked about by a few people, but what kind of person he was was only inferred through other information associated with his name.
“The cause of the Guffin expungement is unclear. So far, I’m just wondering if it has anything to do with Shirone. In any case, it seems clear that Guffin must have consulted with Ra in some way prior to expungement. And in the course of that consultation, Guffin raised a topic to Ra.”
“What if you say hwadu?”
“The incarnation of the Akashic Records. And all or all of this world. At that time, when Mystra confronted Ra, the answer he wanted to hear from Shirone was this.”
Uorin, with her long neck erect, gently turned her head to Gando and said.
“Why am I… … .”
“Can’t I be a god?”
Ra asked, but Shirone still did not answer.
His incarnation, bankrupt due to Valhalla Action’s debt, was isolated in a prison of time and space.
Knowing that, Ra asked again.
That was the promise he made with Shirone during the Guffin Eradication, and it was the only problem Ankera couldn’t understand.
“I am full. the beginning and end of this world. But why can’t I be a god? Why is chaos outside of me?”
“… … .”
Even the moment of silence was regretful for Anke Ra.
A flash of powerful energy was attacking the spire of Arabot, to be exact.
If he couldn’t get an answer from Shirone, he had only one choice.
“If you can’t find an answer from a human… … .”
Ankera’s eyes flashed open.
“I will become a human myself.”
“Oohhh!”
Uriel pushed the maze to the end.
Twenty-three seconds remain until Heaven is destroyed.
However, until the reset is attempted, the maze must be killed before God’s punishment destroys Heaven.
“Turn it off!”
Even with his jaw broken, Sain clung to Uriel and cast the Sun and Moon Halo.
Ikael amplified the power of the halo of the sun and moon, but Yuriel, who had been completely burned, ran to the front of the maze and swung the Gauntlet of Paradise.
Woo woo woo!
Miro’s pupils, which had been sealed with hands, shook in shock.
An archangel with power so powerful that it can cause cracks in the space-time of the labyrinth.
He went into Sammaegyeong and repaired the cracks, but if you think about it, the source of all these sadals was Yuriel.
“What is it, maze? Isn’t that mouth moving now?”
“Keuuugh!”
Miro concentrated his mind with all his might.
damn
Even so, the small defense she had spread was cracking little by little.
19 seconds.
“Victory is at hand!”
“Everyone run to death! Life is beyond death!”
The rebels desperately made their way to the spire.
The moment he entered Arabot, all his thoughts were burnt away, leaving only his obsession with victory, which had become an instinct.
17 seconds.
“Kieek! Kiek!”
Garas roared like the wind through the ruins of Jebul and hunted the angels.
Angel’s natural enemy, a noble spirit, took the simplest form specialized only in reproduction.
Even at the moment when the world ended, only the animalistic desire to reproduce the species would be all that Garas had.
15 seconds.
“no! You can’t leave us behind!”
Kanya hugged the broken barbell and sobbed.
Transparent water droplets trickling down the cold metal surface looked like Babel’s tears.
13 seconds.
“mister! mister!”
“… … .”
Gaold was like a living corpse.
Where is his soul, dragged into hell, now wandering?
Thinking that he would like to walk through that hell together if he could, Kang Nan buried his head in Gaold’s arms.
A flower that blooms in hell.
That is why love is beautiful.
11 seconds.
Rumble!
Buildings were collapsing on all sides.
A large rock slammed down the side of Kuan’s face as he looked up at the sky indifferently.
Maybe next time a bigger rock might hit his face, but he was just staring at the sky.
‘It’s coming to an end.’
It was time for the clown to leave.
9 seconds.
Arius, who was thrown back by Uriel’s blow, knelt down like a defeated soldier and raised his head toward the sky.
Maybe it was because he lost his eye that he found it before others.
“Eh. Eh.”
A huge light was coming down from the sky.
8 seconds.
Flew staggered to his feet with the unconscious Shirone in front of him.
Everyone fought for what they believed was right, regardless of whether they were friends or family.
“what’s this… … .”
Fleur burst into tears.
Aspirations are always shattered like a mirage in the face of reality.
“What is this!”
In the curves of the future that twist in an unknown direction, where are humans going?
7 seconds.
“Shirone… … .”
Ethella, who exhausted her energy with the roar of the demon, knelt down, straightened her waist like a bow, and looked up at the sky.
“Nice job, Shirone.”
I just throw my whole heart into it.
“Myths are just myths.”
Animal desires and higher spirits, good and evil, everything to which the mind can be cast.
All the myths created by humans were heading towards destruction by a cold thought that passed like a flash in a boy’s head.
6 seconds.
‘Parka Quan.’
Armin smiled bitterly, feeling defeated.
‘If that person… … .’
You will be able to protect the woman you love the most for the rest of your life.
“Siena, you should be happy.”
“brother?”
Armin gave a beautiful smile and cast a flicker spell towards the sky.
Siena, who realized it belatedly, screamed while clutching her chest.
“No eh eh!”
The speed at the end of God’s Punishment is 41 Mach.
That is, 41 times the speed of sound.
It was a gamble with extremely low probability to stop at a speed that even the schema adherents could not react to.
5 seconds.
‘I’m sorry, Keira. I don’t think I can keep my promise.’
Even after seeing her leaving the Ivory Tower in front of her eyes, she did not activate the oath of the agreement.
Was it because he saw Kuan’s sincerity?
For today, I miss Keira’s face a little bit in my memory.
4 seconds.
‘It’s amazing.’
God’s punishment was finally captured in Armin’s light eye, which had a far greater visibility than others.
A speed that is indescribable in his experience.
The distance was still far, but it was a flash that made me feel as if I had already arrived right in front of my eyes.
3 seconds.
“this… … !”
With only 3 seconds left, God’s Punishment was still at an incredible height.
‘It’s impossible to go up any further!’
The moment he finished thinking, a light shone in the black sky and immediately a huge flash pierced Armin.
“Huh!”
Armin saw it clearly in a fleeting moment, as if one second had been divided into 100.
A golden bird that surrounds you.
‘Posmetry?’
God’s punishment penetrated the space-time bird as it was and rushed to the ground.
2 seconds.
“Mr. Zulu?”
Flew looked back at Zulu, who had reached Aravoth’s Spire.
According to her mission, she must find the metagate in Jebul’s basement.
‘Why are you here?’
After disabling the postmetery, Zulu raised his hand toward the sky.
Erga, the Tier 10 monster she succeeded in becoming her first boss, grabbed the metagate and started flying into the sky.
“For a fresh start.”
Fleur’s gaze followed Erga up.
1 sec.
The metagate opened, and finally, God’s punishment shook the air and revealed itself in the far-high sky.
It was the last sight a human eye could capture.
As if drawing a line from the sky to the ground, a long flash was sucked into the metagate’s black orb.
Beep.
Then, by twisting time and space, God’s punishment was pierced into the underground Zion of Jebul, where another sphere with the same coordinates was located.
* * *
“I will understand!”
Ankera’s pupils moved at the speed of light.
Now that Satan was gone, it was the right time to reset.
reset.
The world turned off.
A perfect absence that cannot be expressed even with the concept of nothingness.
In the absence of time and space, something suddenly amplified and the world opened up.
Numerous events occurred as the concepts of birth and destruction interlocked, but all probabilities were already contained in the first amplification moment.
Everything in the universe has been swimming for billions of years, repeating the events before the reset.
Only one thing has changed.
Twenty-three seconds before Heaven was destroyed, Anke Ra did not summon Shirone and immediately erased herself.
It was a true Anchera erasure.
Thus, the time of the universe passes the starting point of 0 seconds of heaven destruction, when Ankera reset.
“Kuk!”
Uorin lowered her head as if her heart was in shock.
“The Empress!”
When Gando jumped up, she raised her hand to stop it.
When a strong déjà vu surges in, the cells throughout the body receive a shock as if they stop working, just like now.
‘It was at this point.’
Wu Lin had a hunch.
‘When the third reset started. If so, the current Anke Ra has been erased.’
Uorin took a deep breath and stood up.
“Follow me. From now on, you have work to do.”
When Gando stepped out the door, she was standing in front of a room at the end of the hallway.
When he knocked on the door, the 30 men who were guarding the room saluted and rushed out.
Although she couldn’t see it with her eyes, her limbs, Crouch, must have been hiding somewhere, guarding against intruders.
“Only you and I will be staying in this room.”
The place Gando entered was a large room without even furniture.
There was a carpet with golden patterns on a red background, and Uorin sat cross-legged in the center of it.
“Listen now, Gando. Reset has already begun. And from now on I… … .”
Uorin tightened her eyes and said.
“I will find Anchera.”
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 514 - Left Questions (4) 5.txt
===============================
[514] Questions Left Behind (4)
Find Ankera.
Gando realized the meaning of the words.
Judging from Uorin’s reaction, Ra tried to reset now.
In other words, it means that Satan has been annihilated in one way or another.
It also meant that Ra could not find an answer to the question left behind.
“Even if the parts change, the whole is perfect. But the whole would not be the whole before the parts changed. However, through the ability of erasure called Anke, only one concept can be completely erased.”
“How is that possible?”
“The Balance of the Whole.”
Wurin put both hands on her knees in lotus position and made a circle with her fingers.
“A new concept takes the place where one concept is obliterated. Since it was decided that way from the beginning, the whole does not change. Therefore, even if Ra has been erased, a new concept to replace him must have already entered the world. I will find it from now on.”
That’s right.
After thinking for a while, Gando had a new question.
“Then Guffin Expungement… … .”
“okay. A new concept must have been inserted in the place where the guffin was obliterated.”
Several possibilities passed through Gando’s mind.
“Anyway, that’s not the point. As Mitochondrial Eve, I have the clearest underlying event, but even those with some foresight must have felt a strong sense of déjà vu. We must first find Ra before they can figure it out.”
Gando understood.
“What am I supposed to do?”
“Guard me.”
“I am… … You mean?”
Why is it only you?
Even outside the door right now, the world’s strongest swordsman group, Poongjang, was waiting to die.
“From now on, I look for a new incarnation of Ankera through History Search. It is a complex and vast task that requires searching through all of human history.”
Gando did not dare to imagine the scale of the work.
“History search is when Theraze becomes most helpless. If anything happens, take me here.”
Uorin handed the note to Gando.
After looking at the place for a while, he put the paper in his mouth and swallowed it, nodding his head.
‘Is that so… … .’
The Empress of Kashan is one of the most important people in the world.
She also has the ability to defend herself, but falls completely defenseless when the history search begins.
Force is not important in cutting the girl’s throat.
Trust is the top priority.
This was the reason Mystra’s biological son, Gando, was entrusted with this mission.
‘Besides, if I play nonsense… … .’
Then Crouch will cut his own throat.
In the end, the three groups of Fengzhang, Crouch, and Gando had to keep each other in check and protect the Empress.
“All right. Please trust me.”
Woorin wasn’t particularly worried.
With all the records from the early days of mankind, Thera’s insight into humans is as accurate as a machine.
Gando, who had already given his heart to Theraze, would never betray himself.
“Then let’s begin.”
Hearing the sound of the door closing behind Jiandao, Wurin took a deep breath and closed his eyes.
History search.
A huge sea of information that seemed to contain the entire history of mankind flooded into my head.
Uorin’s eyes trembled when all kinds of languages, cultures, and records were transmitted.
It felt like I was listening to a murmur in the center of a cave where hundreds of thousands of people were imprisoned.
Gando took a seat in the corner without leaving the carpet and watched Uorin.
After a while, her eyes glowed like they were on fire.
The light penetrated the eyelids even though the eyes were closed, and it looked as if two gold coins were embedded in it.
‘It will take longer than expected.’
All the events of the Guffin Eradication became the base event, and the events after the third reset were overlaid on top of it.
Out of an infinite number of events, only one would be different.
‘I have to find it.’
Uorin’s brow furrowed as she accelerated the processing of information.
‘I have to find it first.’
* * *
Zebul’s Underground Zion.
Kinetic energy with a whopping 2,190,000 kilobusters was struck in the form of a flash in the black sphere floating in the center of the munitions factory in heaven.
The moment the mass collided with the object, ultra-high heat was generated, and the munitions factory itself was burned without a trace, and the ignorant gas exploded, dilating the inner pupil.
Rumble!
The ground of Jebul swelled in a hemispherical shape, then cracked like a tortoise’s shell, and red lava was created through the cracks.
In the next moment, the ground, which had risen to a height of several tens of meters, collapsed and a shock wave spread around the impact point.
The ground rocked like waves, and the structures on it collapsed.
A seismic wave that spread throughout Heaven swept Arabot.
Until then, countless people were fighting faithfully for their own desires, but starting from a certain starting point, everyone stopped their actions and looked at one place.
“ah… … .”
The spire of Arabot slowly leaned over and began to crumble, snapping from the waist down.
Both angels and humans knew what it meant.
death of god.
In other words, the extinction of the myth.
The eternal and only being that reigned over humans and controlled and dominated their lives had disappeared.
“You did it, Shirone.”
Siena looked at Arabot, who was dissolving into dust.
The light from Area 73 destroyed Arabot.
After all, one day Shirone will be recorded in history as the one who killed the gods.
“Anke Rashi… … .”
Yuriel retracted the goon of paradise and looked back in the direction where Arabot was.
The fact that Ra has been erased has been conveyed through the empty sense of deprivation left in the mental body.
However, on the contrary, like the intaglio of a print, the rest of the concepts other than Ra were proving that Ra existed.
It was for this reason that even though the Guffin was erased, those who had strong memories of him still knew that the Guffin existed.
In any case, Aravoth collapsed and Ra disappeared.
Dominating humans and conquering mankind in the final war, in the end, is Ankera’s will.
For the members of Heaven, it was a situation where the compass was lost in the open sea.
‘What should we do now?’
Uriel looked back at Ikael.
Now that Ra has disappeared, and now that even the White Watch is unable to operate due to the loss of the archangels, she is the only one he can rely on.
“Uriel, withdraw your fighting spirit. Any further fight is pointless.”
“But, Archangel… … .”
“My words are the will of Anchera.”
Only then did Uriel reap the blessings of paradise.
Ichael wrote the words Ankera’s will.
In other words, it means that Ra’s will is not over, so it was better to quietly obey Ikael’s command for now.
“Listen, humans.”
Ikael, who spread his wings of light and soared into the sky, made his mental body vibrate and proclaimed to everyone.
Those close by and those far away all lowered their weapons and looked up at the sky.
“The war is over. It is your victory.”
There was not even a murmur, and the silence was so clean that it gave goosebumps.
“Ra has disappeared and there is nothing to control you guys.”
When the reaction was lukewarm, Ikael hit a wedge.
“From this moment on, man is free.”
“ah… … !”
“Wow!”
Rebel survivors erupted in cheers from all corners of Heaven.
Humans brought God down.
It’s a war that I jumped into with a desperate resolution, but the fear of divinity that I can’t help but harbor vaguely because I’m human.
The joy of overcoming it and finally regaining freedom made me forget even the sorrow of losing a comrade for a while.
“Win! We won!”
“Aaaaaaaa! free! Humans never give in!”
Ikael calmly accepted the shouts of people coming from all directions, then looked down at Shirone and his friends from all over the heavens.
Unlike the rebels who were intoxicated with the victor’s joy, no one was laughing.
Then Miro came over and asked.
“What do you mean?”
Ikael lowered his altitude and looked down at the maze.
“Your intention?”
“Why did you surrender? Would you be able to punish humans now?”
If Anchera chose to erase from the moment the world opened, the angels he gave names to would not exist either.
However, he chose to erase 23 seconds before the destruction of Heaven, right after Satan was destroyed, and thanks to this, the angels were able to safely erase Ankera.
Ikael turned his gaze to the horizon of ruins.
“There is no particular reason. As long as the will that moved us is gone, war is meaningless.”
“… … What do you plan to do next?”
“You have to wait. Judgment comes next.”
Ikael turned his gaze back to Miro.
“Nothing is over yet. Humans have gained freedom, but it will only take a moment for that freedom to turn into self-indulgence.”
“Are you talking about Satan? But that is also a matter of human choice. God or devil, man judges only for man.”
A being that can be altruistic because it is selfish.
that’s human.
“Please Shirone.”
Ikael spread his wings and soared into the sky.
Then all the angels remaining in Jebul turned into flashes of light and chased after her.
Miro, who had licked his lips while looking up at the spectacular view in broad daylight, scratched his head and murmured.
“Shirone?”
From the place where the spire of Arabot collapsed, he saw Fleur walking with Shirone on his back.
* * *
“mister.”
Gangnan stopped crying.
The war is over, and the person you love has gone to hell.
Gaold’s calm face rather tore her heart apart.
How many times does Gaold scream in a deep hell where he can’t even say he’s sick?
“I will never give up. like uncle.”
As Gangnan turned around, Gaold’s body put all the weight on her back.
However, with a broken and wobbly wrist, she couldn’t carry a man taller than her.
“Can I help you?”
Gangnan turned his head at the voice he heard next to him, and life flashed in his eyes.
The survivors of Cage Team B were approaching.
“stop. Just one step closer… … .”
Gangnan’s speculation spread like thorns.
The task Cage Team B received from the Magic Association was to eliminate Gaold, and now was the best time to achieve that goal.
While everyone stopped, Tarvan, who led the team as the interim representative, stepped forward.
“don’t worry. I’m really here to help.”
“Do you think I will trust you?”
In fact, Cage Team B, who lost team leader Rose and assistant team leader Horkin, was overcome with anger.
Furthermore, Tarvan had to send away his childhood friend Roche.
But to a professional mage, there was something more important than personal feelings.
Scattered across the heavens, the information they collect will become a world secret.
If they could return to their original world, the kingdom of Tormia would have a great advantage in espionage warfare, and that was a far more important task than eliminating Gaold.
“Of course, Gaold and you will not be able to set foot in the Association. But since we are in a situation, I think we need some help.”
As long as the coordinates of Metagate are wrong, the only way they can return is to borrow Miro’s ability.
Kang Nan, who knew that fact better than anyone else because he was the former chief of staff of the Magic Association, finally gave up Gaold.
However, the gaze of Tarvan, who was walking away with Gaold on his back, was not kind.
‘You can’t stick your feet in the association? you’re welcome. Gaold will definitely return.’
It was Gangnan who gnashed his teeth while waiting for that time.
“Is it over now?”
Armin, who found Quan in the ruins, approached Miro and asked.
Siena ran over and checked Kuan’s condition.
He was unconscious, but was barely breathing.
After confirming that Siena let out a sigh of relief, Miro looked back this time to the other side.
Cage Team B was bringing Gaold and Gangnan.
Finally, all the team members of the project gathered.
Fortunately, no one died, but all they got was a wound and glory.
said Miro, looking at the sun setting over the horizon.
“no. It starts now.”
Thus, Anke Ra was obliterated.
Leaving the world with one question still unanswered.
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 515 - New Journey (1) 3.txt
===============================
[515] New Journey (1)
Miro and the others returned to the United Rebel Command.
This was possible because none of the rebels knew of the existence of God’s Punishment.
The place Zulu changed to the drop point of God’s Punishment through the Metagate is the deepest 300 meters underground in Jebul’s underground Zion.
Even though the explosion was confined in a natural bunker, seismic waves swept the entire heaven, so it was impossible to imagine the extent of the aftermath if it hit the ground directly.
‘Mr. Crude… … .’
Flew recalled his face as he awkwardly received the rebels’ welcome greetings of victory.
If he had listened to Flew and told his subordinates the whole truth, Shirone and his party would not have been evacuated to headquarters for treatment.
“For a winner’s night! For the future of mankind!”
Under the moonlight, drunken rebels screamed loudly.
Considering the deaths of his comrades, he would not have been able to bear it otherwise.
The rebels, who dislike fuss, gathered in a quiet place to talk.
What they are most curious about is the huge earthquake that occurred at the last moment and the collapse of the spire of Arabot.
A few people testified to seeing lights falling from the sky, but no one thought it was magic.
Hundreds of torches were lit in the headquarters vacant lot, where there was no longer any fear of raids, and a drinking party took place all night long.
On the other hand, Shirone and the others were focused on receiving treatment.
It was fortunate that Saint Moriak remained on Cage B’s team.
“Aaaagh!”
Arius’ screams filled the infirmary.
Although the whole body had second-degree burns and a crack in the ribs, Moriak’s hand casting recovery magic was brutally unstoppable.
“sorry. Be patient.”
The process of rapidly regenerating skin and attaching bones is inevitably accompanied by pain.
However, the corner of Moriac’s mouth, which looked at Arius with pity, was rather twitching.
“Joe, just be patient… … Hehehe! Oh, sorry, hee hee hee!”
Moriak’s face turned into a grotesque smile, and Flew’s face, which was waiting for his next turn, turned pale.
According to Tarban, she had lost her personality after divorcing her husband.
In any case, her skills were excellent, and first aid was quickly administered.
Moriak, who had been laughing innocently, gradually regained his seriousness as the patients’ conditions became serious.
Sein’s jaw was broken, Flew’s whole body was bruised and fractured, and martial artists Ethella and Kangnan’s both hands were broken.
However, it was Quan who suffered the most.
The swordsman had lost one arm.
“How can I not?”
Siena looked at her arm on the cot and asked.
Conversely, Moriak was looking at Quan’s severed side.
If this amount of physical damage occurs, it is impossible to recover it with magic.
“You cut it clean. I don’t think the nerves were crushed too much. If you are looking for a competent surgery ASAP… … .”
“I do not need.”
Siena turned around, but Kuan tried to ignore her gaze and maintained a cold tone.
“This is the arm I blew myself off. It’s meaningless even if you say you’re coming now.”
I’d be lying if I said I wasn’t conflicted.
There must be a huge difference between the lame man and the lame one-armed Siena.
But in the end, he decided to give up his arm.
What was able to protect Siena from obscurity was the realization as a one-armed person.
What’s the use of winning her heart if you can’t keep it?
‘The war is not over yet.’
i have to be stronger
No one could read Quan’s thoughts, but Armin smiled quietly as if guessing something.
“First aid is over. It didn’t cure everyone, but… … .”
Moriak looked at the two lying on the bed next to each other.
Some were incurable due to wounds in the mind, not the body.
It was Shirone and Gaold.
Even at this moment, they were locked in their respective hells and were paying the price of determination.
The maze closed the situation.
“I can’t. Anyway, I’m not dead, so let’s think about it slowly. For now, I’d better take a break today.”
Everyone knew that they would not be able to sleep, but no one went to their respective rooms without muttering.
The shouts of the sulpan that continued until past midnight sounded like a surprise, and most of them were whispering in melancholy voices under the stillness of the night.
It’s only natural that you feel exhausted as much as you feel relaxed.
However, at least in the maze, Arius was being dragged around on a dog leash and inspecting the group’s rooms one by one.
In any case, since they came all the way here to save themselves, shouldn’t they take some responsibility?
Arriving at Gaold’s door, she hesitated to knock.
“… … .”
However, he took a deep breath and shook his wrist.
smart.
When I opened the door without waiting to hear the answer, a naked Gaold was sitting on the bed unconscious, and Kang Nan was fetching warm water and wiping her body with a towel.
Miro looked at the bandage wrapped around Gangnan’s fist.
Her palm bones were almost crushed, so even Moriak’s recovery magic couldn’t completely heal her, but she didn’t even show pain and was focused on weaving towels.
Probably because it is in front of the maze.
“Extreme sincerity. Even if you wake up, you won’t even notice anyway.”
Power entered Gangnan’s eyes.
“The association president will be back. certainly.”
Miro, who lightly brushed off Gangnan’s murderous intent, smiled brightly.
“Yeah, I’m not the kind of person who would fall like this. but are you okay? If you come to your senses, you will come running to me again.”
“you… … !”
When Kang Nan’s anger reached its peak, Miro corrected her expression and raised her hand.
“sorry. I’m kidding. I didn’t mean to hurt you.”
Arius, who was sitting on his butt like a dog in the corner, licked his lips.
Besides her, Arius was the only one who knew that Miro’s horse had bones.
The spirit of Miro, approached through Dremo, is the height of nobility without the slightest trauma.
But even with her, there was a small shaking like a speck of dust.
That was what was inscribed on the twentieth pillar of the temple built in the spirit of the labyrinth.
‘Mikea Gaold.’
A very small name that no one would have discovered if not for Arius, the grave robber.
It was the net that pulled Miro out of samadhi.
The human mind was originally stained with numerous wounds, so it was a flaw that was like dust, but rather, it was surprising.
‘Adrias Miro, the height of inconsideration… … .’
It was only once that Gaold had shaken his heart.
-then… … save me… … .
Miro smiled bitterly as he recalled the events of that night when he unknowingly jumped out.
The only regret left in my life.
‘But you… … You really did it.’
It took 20 years to make Miro’s wish come true.
It wasn’t something that could only be done by being strong, it was something that only Gaold could do.
Miro looked pitifully at Gaold, who had a shaggy beard growing on his skinny face.
‘He’s a pure-blooded bastard. How are you going to live in this harsh world with such a tender heart?’
Well, wasn’t that a man named Gaold?
After thinking about it, Miro walked over to the bed and stroked Gaold’s head.
“It may be a difficult place, but… … .”
Then she slowly leaned over and kissed his forehead.
“Have a good trip.”
Miro, who had been hugging Gaold for a long time, stood up again and said,
“When you’re all washed up, prepare to leave. I’ll be back in the morning.”
The coordinates had already been extracted from Ingris, who went with Sein to understand Ra’s will.
“What are you thinking about Shirone?”
Miro stopped walking at Gangnan’s question and turned his head.
“I will take you. It’s a waste of power to leave it like this.”
As well as the magic of divine punishment, one of the archangels, Faiel, was annihilated.
He thought that if he was a 19-year-old boy who had not yet graduated from magic school, it would be okay to entrust the future of mankind to him.
‘But I don’t think that will be easy… … .’
After leaving Gaold’s room, Miro entered Shirone’s room.
I saw Shirone in a deep sleep, and Fleur was reading a book on the other side of the bed.
“Ah, what happened… … ?”
“Just patrolling. How are you?”
Flew closed the book and turned to Shirone and said.
“Still shows no signs of waking up. Armand is not going to be released either.”
Valhalla Action is an ability equipped to Armand.
In addition, since it was in a state of integration with Hwasinjo, it would not be released until Shirone paid off all the debts.
Miro was able to guess that much because he had been briefed by Flew when he arrived at headquarters.
“Valhalla action. Hundreds of years?”
“I don’t know exactly. But the archangel Ikael said maybe that could be a hint.”
“What are you talking about?”
Fleur summarized what Ikael had said.
Humans cannot normally live for hundreds of years.
However, Ikael said that if the result came out like that, the cause was established in some way.
“Right. It’s a reversal of cause and effect… … .”
“Did you remember something?”
Miro, who was resting her chin and rolling her eyes, stopped thinking and said.
“No, let’s focus on going back for now. We are not in a relaxed position either.”
“It does. Then when do we leave?”
“From now on.”
“yes?”
“Now that the first aid is over, it would be better to send Cage Team B first. It’s good that I brought several coordinates just in case.”
“okay.”
If Cage Team B returns safely, you don’t know how things will change from then on.
Of course, it was the strongest party and I couldn’t imagine that they would use their hands in the yard that even had a maze, but it was the correct answer to move separately because it was possible to narrow the range of the siege just by identifying the repatriation point.
“Then I am preparing.”
When Miro left the headquarters after completing the patrol, Cage Team B was ready to leave in front of the main gate and was waiting.
The war in heaven was over, but the human world was about to get busier.
Tarvan approached.
“Come. Let’s go.”
Miro took the Guffin disk from her pocket and inserted it into the metagate. A red light briefly emitted from the crack in the steel plate.
“it’s okay. take it.”
asked Tarvan, who caught the metagate thrown by Miro.
“Where is it set?”
“What do you know, in the middle of the desert or in the ass of a blue whale? It’s roughly matched, so go find it on your own.”
Tarvan was not annoyed.
To be honest, it was fortunate just to be able to go back.
“What are you planning to do next?”
Miro, who had been heading to the headquarters, turned around.
“what do you mean?”
“Aren’t you also a citizen of Tormia? Why don’t we go back together and cooperate with the kingdom?”
“The people of Tormia.”
Of course, Miro’s homeland is Tormia.
And that motherland pushed her into a prison of a dimension that might end at any moment.
“I know you are sad. But you, as well as the Gaold team, are also the people who encountered the incident in heaven. In the future, you will be monitored by each country. Rather… … .”
“Fufu, I will politely decline.”
Miro turned around with a beautiful smile.
“Because I am everyone’s lover.”
Tarban didn’t make the offer twice.
It was true that no one could stop him if he said he hated the greatest scale wizard in history.
‘Gaold, you woke up the monster.’
Miro has returned to the human world.
In the future, the situation around the world will change rapidly.
‘Anyway, it doesn’t matter.’
When Cage Team B returns, events that occurred in heaven will be reported to Tormia, and based on this information, they will be able to exert influence in the international community.
“Go back.”
When Tarban activated the metagate and threw it on the floor, a black sphere was born as if opening space.
“You’re not really in the belly of a blue whale, are you?”
When Team B of Cage left Heaven and the black sphere of Metagate disappeared, the maze stopped.
“Whoa, then.”
Another disc came out of her bosom.
“Shall we go home too?”
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 516 - A New Journey (2) 3.txt
===============================
[516] A New Journey (2)
* * *
Heaven’s Third Heaven, Shehakim.
In the aftermath of God’s punishment piercing Zion, Paradise, the home of the eternal, collapsed in the direction of the seismic wave.
However, there was one building that kept its shape even in the ruins: the Great Hall of the Judicial Office of the Leaders, located to the north of the city square.
In the basement of the current building, commonly referred to as the secret room, the 10 highest leaders of the Eternals were gathered.
The leaders of this group, called the Society of the Ten Lords among the Eternals, were all those who had reached the art of incarnation after living a long life.
Murka, Dana, and Raun, whom Shirone dealt with during the war, were also masters of the art of incarnation, but they fell into the abyss due to their obsession with life.
On the other hand, the leaders of the Church of the Ten Lords were seekers who had enjoyed eternal life for at least 10,000 years, and who had overcome lingering attachments to life and death.
“They say Garas was destroyed by giants.”
said the bald old man who was the only one sitting at the top of the rectangular table.
The pupils were only slippery black jaundice, and whenever he spoke, the bottom of his chin swelled like a balloon like a toad.
Baron (age unknown) – Amitabha Banya, president of the Ten Commandments.
The man sitting to Veron’s left said.
“The failure of selective evolution. All the angels have departed.”
His sculptural beauty, his blonde hair pulled back, his face was pale as a corpse, and sharp fangs stuck in his gaping mouth as he spoke.
Faust (estimated age 13,000 years old), 3rd in the Order of the Ten Commandments, is a yaksha with a hundred ghosts.
said the man sitting across from Faust.
“I don’t care about Garas. The important thing is that Ankera has been erased. From now on, we must rule over humans.”
It was a solid body, with a round hump protruding from its head, and the teeth of a triangular, closed, aggressively meshed precisely.
Huama (estimated age 17,000 years old), 4th in the Order of the Ten Commandments – Vajrapani Yaksha.
said the woman sitting across from Huama.
“I said Syrone, the light of Area 73. It seems like you fought against the Eternals during the war.”
Her hair was pitch-black, so it seemed to be permeated with darkness, and her body, as smooth as a snake, was composed of only curves, as if the body’s boundaries had collapsed.
The silhouette itself was beautiful, but considering it was a human body, it felt grotesque.
Shura, 7th in the Order of the Ten Commandments (estimated age 10,200 years old) – Apostle Vanya.
“joy! Even if they were eternal, they were babies who hadn’t been weaned yet. You don’t have to worry about anything other than the maze. Surely, Shura, you weren’t afraid too, right?”
Shura countered Huama’s scolding.
“Who said what? I was just curious about a human named Shirone.”
Then, imagining Shirone, he tucked his snake-like tongue into his clothes and licked the curves of his body.
“It looks delicious, Churup.”
Faust, who confirmed that her tongue was quickly sucked into her mouth, added.
“It is not something to be overlooked. The annihilation of Archangel Faiel and the momentary flash of light right before the eradication of Anchera were all achievements he accomplished. And above all… … .”
Huama slammed the table in frustration.
“So that’s it!”
“It’s an Ultima System.”
“Keep it!”
Huama turned her head with an indignant expression.
Even the Eternals had no way to refute the spirit of Gaia, who became their ancestor, as long as Shirone possessed it.
The woman sitting in the corner seat murmured.
“Are you a man who killed God… … .”
It had a ferocious expression like that of a wolf, but it had a strangely tender face.
His black hair was plentiful like a wild horse’s rake, and it was clad in a thick turban, sticking out like a flame.
She was wearing rags like a tattered turban, but the clothes were so thick that the graves of her breasts were exposed.
He leaned his head on the hilt of his greatsword and raised one leg on a chair, revealing the depths of his bare thighs.
Bak-nyeo (estimated age 11,200 years old), 9th in the Order of the Ten Commandments – Sura Yacha.
Veron opened his mouth after silence.
“I can’t see that I killed him. Anyway, it was erased by Ra’s own will. However, it is true that the boy was the main variable in this war.”
Faust asked.
“Are you considering recruiting him into the Order of the Ten Presbyterians?”
said Shura.
“That is a bit hasty. First of all, Shirone’s incarnation is in a state of inactivity, so I can’t even hear his opinion. I won’t stop you if you go to <Under Coder>.”
“Anyway, you just want to eat him.”
Huama, who fired at Shura, gave her opinion.
“In the yard where Ra has been erased, there is no one to be wary of. If I had to put it that way, among angels and humans, Miro is the only one. Ultima and what, strong is everything.”
They have the power to rule the world with powerful incarnation techniques, but they have had to live under strict control until now.
What he could not do against Ankera, who erased the information of the Akashic Records itself.
But now, humans were free, and the Eternals’ shackles were completely lifted.
said Faust.
“I will have to decide soon. Is Syrone, the only Ultima system in existence, the light of Area 73, an enemy or an ally of the Council of Lords?”
As the silence grew longer, Veron proposed.
“Don’t do it by majority vote. After all, we are human. Now, raise your hands if you see Shirone as an enemy.”
After a while, 10 people gathered in the secret room expressed their thoughts with raised hands.
As Veron said, the voting results were extremely humane.
* * *
A black sphere was born on a snowy mountain 7,000 meters above sea level.
After a while, the group began to appear one by one, leading the maze.
“cold.”
Flew trembled and looked around.
It was the summit of a mountain range where even oxygen was scarce, and all I could see was a horizontal blizzard.
“If I summon a salamander, I’ll be able to hold on, but then an avalanche will happen.”
Zulu summoned a tier 3 monster, Kaidra.
Riding on a giant bird that could fly 7,000 kilometers in a day, the group quickly left the mountain range.
The destination was a village located 600 meters above sea level.
In the gloomy landscape covered with snow clouds, the road made of stones was damp and the clothes of the people were unfamiliar.
Suddenly, a gigantic bird landed on the small town, and all the residents stopped what they were doing and looked back.
Miro approached the old man with deep wrinkles.
“I will ask you something. Where is this?”
When the interpretation was made through Sein’s spirit world magic, the old man blinked and pointed to the mountain and said.
“Escato.”
It was a nonchalant reaction to seeing magic for the first time, but after learning where it was, Miro soon agreed.
“Ah, Escato.”
It means the center of the world, and it was the name of a mountain range in the northeast of the continent.
“Once you entered the continent. So what to do? It was meant to be that we met like this, but a small dinner party?”
When no one responded to the joke, Miro licked his lips and got down to business.
“Let’s break up here for now. Be careful because there might be a chase. Have you all decided where to go?”
Gangnan said he was going to Zulu’s hideout with Gaold, and Siena and Ethella were planning to go back to magic school.
Quan kept quiet about his whereabouts, and since Armin had already left the Ivory Tower, he was free to go anywhere.
The problem was the flu.
It was because the Magic Association she had to return to had already been taken over by the new head of the association, Lufist.
“Are you okay? Would you rather go with me?”
At Gangnan’s suggestion, Flew shook his head.
“no. First of all, I want to go back to the association. I’m worried about Isabelle-sama too.”
“What if they question what happened in heaven?”
“If you want something, you should let me know.”
All eyes were focused on Flew.
“I don’t know how much they’ll get from me, since Cage B’s already gone, but I’ll provide information if needed. I am also a certified mage belonging to the kingdom of Tormia.”
Kang Nan, who had heard that far, nodded.
“Yes, it is you.”
I didn’t include it in the project simply because I followed Gaold.
Knowing that he was a professional who puts his duty first under any circumstances, he was able to trust and entrust Shirone’s assistant.
“Be careful though. Rufist won’t easily reinstate you.”
“It’s something you have to accept. But would you stop using talented people like me?”
Kang Nan also laughed at Fleur’s joke.
To believe what you believe is right.
If a professional wizard thought so, no one could stop him.
“Please take good care of Gaold. In the future, I will be working for the association, but… … .”
Flew said, squinting one eye.
“Once a comrade is a comrade forever.”
“Yes, once a comrade is a comrade forever.”
Realizing the meaning behind Fleur’s words, Kang Nan looked back at Zulu and signaled to leave.
“People who go to the city can ride. I will take you.”
“Ah, then we too… … .”
Only Siena and Ethella decided to accompany them to the city.
Those who remained were not particularly busy, and they were not weak enough to struggle on rough terrain.
Armin looked up at Siena and said.
“Siena, you will be a good teacher.”
“brother.”
Siena understood Armin’s words.
Her pride was hurt when she was only used as bait to lure the Eternal Reflector into the project, but now she knew.
Why did Gaold want Ethella more than he did?
“Not everyone has to fight. Not everyone needs to be strong. Go back to school and do what you want. To be a great teacher.”
Siena made a friendly expression for the first time.
“okay. You should be happy too.”
Those words rather made Armin sad, but on the other hand, laughter leaked out.
My beloved sister is finally able to overcome the trauma of her past and start a new life.
“Then, see you next time.”
Kaidra, the grotesque bird, soars into the sky, and Armin also ignores Quan and disappears with flicker magic.
So one by one they went their separate ways, and Arius, who was the last one left, approached Miro with Shirone on his back.
“Miro, what shall we do?”
Miro looked around at the world as if it were running.
“Well, where should I look around?”
The world she returned to after 20 years was full of unknowns, but to her, all the unknowns were just a playground.
* * *
After completing the history search, Uorin opened her eyes.
“found!”
After a long journey through the entire history, what she found was a crack different from the base case.
Gando asked in an urgent voice.
“Did you find it?”
“I was born in the Middle East. He is between 15 and 30 years of age. His gender is male. His name is Akaze, but if he had already left his hometown, he could have changed it.”
When Uorin called for a wind chime, the door burst open and 30 people wearing owl masks were sucked in like smoke.
“Did you call?”
“Use your best espionage power to find it. He was born into a tribe in the Akkadian Desert. My family died in the Oasis War, and I am one of the survivors.”
That was the end of the information Uorin delivered.
It was a task to search the whole world with only approximate age, gender, and simple information, but it was well worth it.
“All right.”
Fengzhang slipped away without a sound, and Wulin walked around the room biting her nails.
Ra descended to earth.
has only one purpose. To destroy humanity that builds chaos.
“Are you sure that Ra was born on this earth?”
“okay. You must find it, before he can act. If he can’t… … .”
Gando could imagine the words Uorin couldn’t bear to say.
It is none other than the reincarnation of the Akashic Records.
The event that will happen when he finishes his judgment on this world will come to mankind as an unprecedented shock wave.
“A great disaster has come.”
“doesn’t care. Even a god couldn’t cross Theraje’s stronghold. We must be fully prepared.”
Uorin finally stopped walking and looked back at Gando.
“A new era has opened, Gando.”
Erase the Anchera following the Erase the Guffin, and this is the third and final reset.
It was called the Great Purification Period.
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 517 - Unknown Swordsman (1) 3.txt
===============================
[517] Anonymous swordsman (1)
The border area between Baiden and Ferris Kingdom is a dangerous area where local warfare continues even after signing an armistice.
However, it was also the perfect place for a swordsman to experience actual combat.
The village of Rapne, which is a little more biased towards Weiden from the border area.
One swordsman crossed the village entrance.
A body with both agility and strength proved that muscles were not simply made for cool, and the huge straight sword behind his back was proof of that fact.
It was Ogent Lian, a knight ascetic who dropped out of Kaizen Swordsmanship School to gain practical experience and wandered the world.
“damn… … .”
A sound like scratching metal leaked from his completely rested throat.
After wandering around the world in search of a battlefield, he became a mercenary on the side of the Kingdom of Baiden and engaged in a local war with a soldier from Ferris.
However, the whole story was a war of attrition through secret negotiations between two regional officials to receive subsidies from the kingdom, and most of the hired mercenaries were killed to silence them.
Lian was suddenly attacked by his allies, but he survived and arrived here.
‘Even if I was a little more careful… … .’
Heck, that’s the life of a mercenary wherever you go.
Didn’t the parrot mercenary corps they met in Galliant a while ago become entangled in the strife between the nobles and become bandits?
‘It’s not good to beg for food here either.’
One of the reasons why the battlefield was exhausting was the fact that there was no place to rest even after leaving the battlefield.
The village I had just arrived in was no different, and I didn’t even see food scraps rolling on the floor, let alone a market.
Many houses had collapsed roofs and could not even be repaired, and people’s faces were lifeless.
‘Then I have to cross the mountain tonight.’
There is no one to feed Lian.
He would have no choice but to surrender it if threatened with a sword, but he had seen numerous knight attendants who ended up becoming thieves while wandering the world.
“Whoa! Whoa!”
Suddenly, heat rose in my head and my head spun.
During the war, the wound in his side from an arrow began to throb violently.
First aid treatment was given, but the inflammation was not caught, and moreover, I hadn’t eaten for several days, so my body didn’t have the courage to endure it.
thud!
With the last of his strength, Ryan collapsed with his back against the wall beside my road.
“Whoa!”
The breath from his neck was hot enough to melt his teeth.
“Are you going to die?”
I didn’t know until I ran out after shouting at Klump.
There is no limit to bad things.
Fatigue, pain, fear, despair, everything that ruins a human being plagued Lian.
There was no instructor who would say that this was enough and stop the misfortune.
The world just says so.
If you can’t stand it, die.
‘Well, that’s okay too.’
Ryan doesn’t remember how he got out of the battlefield.
Only the image of himself, covered in blood and screaming, breaking through the siege of the soldiers of the two kingdoms and running amok, remained as an image from an omniscient point of view.
‘Death is also a good choice.’
Ryan smiled innocently.
Not because it made me laugh, but because I wanted to see if I could still laugh.
In his endless despair, for the first time he felt the desire to run away from his life.
‘Because I’m not afraid of death.’
I’m just afraid of the white bones that will be buried in the ground without accomplishing anything.
“Shirone… … . Tess… … .”
Ryan blinked slowly. Her field of vision was narrowing by half each time her eyelids closed.
“sorry… … .”
“Mister, what’s wrong?”
At the end of my receding consciousness, I heard a young girl’s voice.
“are you okay? Come to your senses.”
Lian’s last memory was the image of the girl’s face pushed into the narrowed field of view, as if a hole had been punched in black paper.
* * *
– I don’t know yet. But it will be possible.
– Smille. Smille.
– It’s dangerous, but it’s worth a try.
– Smille. Smille.
“Huh!”
Rian, who raised her eyes, jumped to her feet.
I don’t remember the dream, but the repetitive sound, like an auditory hallucination, was still lingering in my auditory nerve.
“Damn it!”
When I dream of hearing hallucinations, I always curse words that pop out.
Am I going crazy?
Lian tried hard to turn away from her negative mind.
‘What the hell is a smille?’
The only hint was the grandfather’s anecdote that he heard when Jikdo received <Idea>.
When he arrived in a strange village after being mortally wounded after defeating bandits, he was saved by an old man and his granddaughter.
I don’t know what kind of treatment I received, but the word that I constantly heard while unconscious was Smille.
‘Is it the secret contained in the object?’
Lian stared at <Idea> leaning against the wall, but unlike Armand, the sword did not convey any information.
“huh?”
It was only after organizing his thoughts that far that he realized that he didn’t even know where he was.
Rian, who hurriedly got out of bed, grasped the handle of the straight sword, and the door burst open, and an eight-year-old girl with brown hair in braids entered.
“uh? Uncle woke up! Mama, Uncle are awake!”
The girl looked out the door and shouted, and after a while a woman in her mid-thirties entered.
It can’t be called beautiful, but it gave a graceful impression for a village devastated by war.
“You are awake. What a relief.”
Realizing that the first people he met were a young girl and a woman, and that there was no hostility in their eyes and tone, Lian relaxed his expression.
“Where is this?”
“It’s a town belonging to the Kingdom of Baiden.”
As befits a person living in a battlefield, she first gave us information to identify friends and family.
“Ah, the town… … .”
Then I remembered.
There was a girl who spoke to me right before I lost consciousness.
“But how did you bring me here?”
“I don’t seem to remember. I walked with my daughter by the hand. Although, of course, as soon as she entered, she collapsed.”
Was it?
As soon as I realized that I wanted to live anyway, I felt bitter.
“Come out at once. I have prepared a meal.”
As the woman took her daughter out, Lian examined the bandaged body.
The area hit by the arrow was completely healed.
It was impossible for him to recover in such a short time since he couldn’t schema, but it was a familiar situation now.
It was because every time I had a dream in which I heard hallucinations, all wounds were completely healed.
‘Maybe my grandfather had a dream too?’
After pondering for a while, Lian got help and thought that the rudeness was severe, so she hurriedly got up from her seat and went outside.
The house wasn’t very big, so I could see the living room as soon as I left the door.
A girl was sitting at an old round table and the woman was making soup.
“There were many mistakes. Thanks to you, my life was saved.”
When Lian, who was sitting next to her, thanked her, the woman shook her head.
“I just disinfected the wound and applied medicine. It was amazing. It’s the first time I’ve seen a wound heal with my own eyes. It must be schema, right?”
Even if you are ignorant of swordsmanship, living in a battlefield is the way to hear this and that.
“Ah yes. what… … That’s it.”
Ryan didn’t feel the need to explain a phenomenon he didn’t understand.
“By the way, mister, are you a mercenary? What is your name?”
“me? rian. You?”
It was rare for knights to disclose their surnames in the practice of knights, as there were many cases in which the reputation of the family was tarnished while doing harsh work.
“Lian? Hmmm, Lian.”
The girl kept mumbling the name Lian and then said with a slightly disappointed expression.
“I don’t know. Mister, he must be a not-so-famous mercenary. Oh, my name is Liz.”
Ryan was stunned.
I never expected from the beginning that my name would be known in such a small town, but when I heard it through the mouth of an innocent kid, I was strangely offended.
“By the way, kid, I am not an uncle. He was only nineteen years old.”
Liz shrugged.
“i know. All the guys say so. At heart, I’m a teenager.”
“… … .”
While Lian looked at him with a puzzled expression, a woman walked over to the table carrying a plate of soup.
“I can’t do it if I make fun of my brother. I’m sorry, Liz was joking around.”
“But you called me a kid!”
Ignoring her daughter’s words, the woman sat across from her.
“Even though I traveled for a long time, my beard didn’t grow much. Liz is still too young to know.”
“But that means, my face… … .”
The woman covered her mouth and laughed.
“just joke. Looking at it now, he is a young and handsome young man.”
“Haha, I don’t mean to hear that… … .”
Rian, who blushed and lowered her head, realized the gaze of the girl and her mother and licked her lips in embarrassment.
A lot of playfulness seemed to be hereditary.
“Then let’s eat well.”
Lian gulped and gobbled up the soup.
To be honest, even if there were a few bugs in the soup, I felt like I could eat it with gratitude.
After waiting for Lian to satisfy her hunger, the woman shook hands and introduced herself.
“This is Sylvia. This is my daughter, Liz.”
Liz met Ryan’s eyes and stuck out her tongue.
“Then my husband… … ?”
“He is dead. He left us on the battlefield three years ago.”
Liz, thinking of her father, exclaimed excitedly.
“I hate war! I hate those thieves who come to meet me!”
“Liz, what did your mother say? When you have guests… … .”
Liz ignored her mother and grabbed Lian’s wrist.
“Your brother is very strong, right? Since I saved you, please get rid of the thieves who are harassing Mom.”
“When did you say you weren’t famous?”
“are you okay. Those thieves aren’t famous either. And I heard that there are some very strong knights even if they are not famous. Is your uncle like that too? Actually, is it really strong? I’ve never seen anyone carry a sword as big as my brother’s.”
Liz’s eyes were sincere.
‘Is that so… … .’
Of course, it was goodwill and kindness, but there must have been a child’s eager expectation in saving the dying Lian.
But Ryan couldn’t help them.
One thing I learned for sure while wandering around the world.
The sword is killing, and killing is responsibility.
It is true that he received help, but whether he could handle the responsibility when he chose to kill was another matter.
‘Because I can’t live here forever.’
“Don’t worry too much about it. It’s because Liz doesn’t know the world yet. and… … It’s not all that bad.”
‘Isn’t that all bad?’
Ryan was rather concerned about that remark.
Come to think of it, where did Sylvia get the anti-inflammatory medicine?
The value of medicine on the battlefield is bound to transcend imagination.
Also, having enough food to willingly give food to others didn’t match the dreary scenery I felt when I first came to the village.
‘You bastard children… … .’
Sensing a certain situation, Lian tightened her eyes and raised her head.
“I can’t believe those thieves told the lady… … .”
“hey! Sylvia!”
Just then, a drunken man shouted outside the door.
Liz, who had turned pale, hid behind her mother, and Sylvia also slowly stood up with her complexion darkened.
bang!
A man who kicked the door as if he was about to break it strides in.
He was tall, and his face was engraved with a scar running down his nose.
It was Fox, the vice-captain of the Red Spear Bandits.
“Where are you? The bastard who slept here last night! What was hidden… … !”
He looked around the house with fierce eyes and stopped at the table.
He was much younger and more handsome than he had been told.
“Hoo? That’s it, right?”
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 518 - Unknown Swordsman (2) 2.txt
===============================
[518] Unknown swordsman (2)
In front of Fox’s murderous eyes, Lian slowly averted his gaze.
Another thing I realized while going to and from the battlefield was that it was better to avoid a fight that could be avoided.
No, the truth is a lie.
I have seen countless people who were not afraid to die and kept their beliefs.
‘What’s the problem?’
It is not a one-dimensional fear that it hurts when you get hurt or that everything is over when you die.
Not sure about the sword.
The anxiety of having to throw oneself into an uncertain future every moment was sometimes more terrifying than giving up one’s life.
Fox, who carefully observed Lian’s hardened face, realized something and burst into laughter.
“Geuk, a kid with no blood on his head.”
It’s common.
The kids who said they had learned a little bit of swords were bluffing to the general public with brute strength.
It cannot be said that there is no such category among the thieves, but Fox was different from them in terms of skill.
Above all, he could speak schema.
“I’ll pay the price later… … .”
After muttering that, Fox suddenly bent his head and glared at Sylvia.
“How did this happen, Sylvia? I’ve been so nice to you, but you bring in someone else? Is she, after all, a woman you can’t help it with?”
Sylvia’s expression crumpled at the disgusting misunderstanding.
“reptile. I don’t want to hear that from someone who covets his friend’s girl.”
Fox’s face turned red.
He gave up being a soldier and gave up everything from the moment he became a thief, but when he thought of Sylvia’s husband, who was his comrade-in-arms, it always bothered him that he was the last conscience.
“shut up! The guy is dead! He is already out of this world!”
Fox came up with a magic phrase to clear his conscience.
“And I’ve liked you since I was little. I want to make love.”
“It is not love to be interested in a married woman with a daughter. It’s a dirty obsession.”
“A dirty obsession?”
Fox’s face turned cold, as if he had transformed into a different person.
“You mean that? I could have you anytime But it’s a dirty obsession. Okay, so from now on I won’t put up with it either.”
Liz stood in front of her mother as Fox approached, emitting ferocious energy.
“Don’t bully my mother! Daddy won’t forgive you!”
Fox’s cold gaze pierced Liz.
“Liz, I’m not trying to bully you. I’m trying to save you from this hellish life. I’m sure your dad will thank me too.”
The unscrupulous remarks made Sylvia dizzy.
“You are not insane. it’s crazy.”
“Hey, it might be. But what difference does living without going crazy make? If I could have you, I’d rather be crazy.”
Sylvia, realizing that she could not convince Foxx by any means, shouted as she pushed Liz outside.
“Liz! run away!”
Then he picked up a pot of soup from the table and threw it at Fox.
“joy!”
The moment Fox hit the pot with his thick fist, Sylvia suddenly came in front of him and stabbed the fork into his stomach.
Fox shrugged and calmly examined the wound.
It was too much to pierce through the steely muscles to the level of tableware used at home.
“It’s cheeky… … !”
As Fox slapped him on the cheek, Sylvia’s body collapsed to the floor.
“mom! mom!”
Fox turned away from Liz’s voice.
“Don’t resent me. Because you brought it on yourself.”
“stop.”
Foxx turned his eyes to see Lian rising from her chair with a displeased expression on her face.
I knew he was big, but when I saw him standing, he was quite well-balanced.
“Are you talking to me just now?”
“No matter how crazy you are, it’s not like you’re doing something nasty in front of a child.”
“… … You’re right.”
said Fox, bending his neck from side to side.
“First of all, killing you is the order. how is it? If you are confident, try it.”
The moment he succumbs to the provocation, a heavy burden that cannot be converted into weight is placed on Lian’s shoulders.
“… … .”
Ryan turned to Liz.
The look in his eyes, full of anticipation, must have been the selfishness that only a child could show.
“Let’s go out. I don’t want to have blood in the house.”
When Lian suggested a match, the corners of Fox’s mouth trembled and went up.
I couldn’t ignore Lian’s size.
“F*cking, bluffing. ok let’s go Let the villagers clearly engrave who the owner of this house is.”
When he left the house, the villagers who had heard the commotion were hiding out of Fox’s line of sight and spying on the situation.
Lian looked at the 12 thieves surrounding him.
There will never be a fair party party or anything that matches the number of heads.
‘Is it 12 to 1.’
Foxx shouted, brandishing his longsword.
“Hey, young swordsman! What are you doing without rushing into it? Are you sure you’re not waiting for someone to ring the bell?”
A preemptive strike is effective in any situation, but unless you are willing to risk your life, there is no need to attack the larger number first.
Knowing that fact, Lian slowly aimed the greatsword at him.
The thieves’ faces turned pale as the seemingly heavy iron mass extended all the way to a distance completely off center of gravity.
It was truly a murderous force.
“Vice-captain, isn’t that guy really strong?”
Fox’s face wrinkled at the words whispered by his subordinate.
Talking like that in front of the enemy only lowered morale.
“shut up. I’m alone anyway If 12 people rush at it, everyone has no choice but to die.”
Although he showed great power, Lian’s heart was disturbed.
When I didn’t know anything, it was all about rushing to death and winning, but as my understanding of the sword deepened, I realized how reckless and crazy it was.
‘So far, it’s been nothing more than a fluke. my sword is not perfect perhaps… … I might die.’
Although it was said to be a band of bandits made up of veterans who ate on the battlefield, if it was Lian’s skill, he could cut it down.
But is it?
Questions about the sword filled my head endlessly.
Because we are not sure, we cannot act, and because we cannot act, we make mistakes at crucial moments.
‘Is my sword really right? really… … Can I cut them?’
The thieves who were watching Lian’s face, which gradually turned pale, soon turned into absurd expressions and burst into laughter.
“Puhahaha! What is that? Are you really scared? Now I see that he was a strong fool.”
“Hey, what are you going to do? You will die now.”
As Lian’s momentum shrank, his subordinates automatically closed the gap and approached.
“brother… … .”
A look of disappointment showed on Liz’s face, and Sylvia, who had been praying earnestly for Lian to win, also turned pale.
“Guys! Kill them!”
As the thieves rushed in, Lian instinctively looked from behind and saw a longsword piercing through.
“Kuk!”
Lian, whose center of gravity was pushed back as he blocked it with his greatsword, swung his sword around without even checking the opponent’s position.
‘A truly childish sword, Lian.’
Divine Transcendence is a yaksha technique whose source is anger.
It was difficult to fully focus on a single action in a state of unsure of one’s sword.
“What are you doing! Just go and stab him!”
Several swords landed on Lian’s head, and some aimed for his abdomen in a stabbing stance.
‘I can’t avoid it!’
Confident in that, Rian twisted his upper body and raised the greatsword above his head.
Contrary to his thoughts, defense and evasion were perfectly executed.
However, Lian was still dissatisfied with the current results and only fell into a sense of shame.
‘It’s luck. This is not skill.’
I turned the greatsword as if throwing a noose, and when I struck it, the bandits’ necks fell off.
‘Not this angle. It’s just a fluke.’
The bandits didn’t see what Lian was looking at.
Even Fox, who speaks the schema, could not understand the simple truth hidden in the high level that Ryan presented.
“Damn it! Getting caught!”
As Lian put out a foot and swung the greatsword in an oblique line, the two thieves slashed into pieces.
The thieves finally realized the seriousness of the situation after the sword attack cut two people to the bone.
“What, what, this child… … !”
“Get out of the way, fools!”
Thinking that the lower the number, the more dangerous it is, Fox raised his greatsword and rushed in to slash his own throat.
The strength of the thieves, including the captain, overwhelmed Lian, but the battle was surprisingly tight.
‘I went in too deep. This is not swordsmanship.’
I don’t even think it was cut, but the number of thieves was gradually decreasing.
I don’t feel like I’m winning.
I wanted to perfectly embody the trajectory in my head and explode it comfortably, but there was no way to prove its reality.
He couldn’t even tell whether he was practicing swordsmanship or performing a sword dance like an idiot.
visor!
When the sharp iron voice suddenly returned Lian’s mind to reality, 11 people had already died and Fox was the only one left.
“Shit!”
Fox was pushed back by Lian’s offensive, which raged like a storm.
Even though he had already greatly enhanced his physical abilities through schema, all he could do was avoid attacks.
The presence or absence of schema in battle creates a big difference as the barrier between species.
The fact that the gap is not felt means that the technological gap is unspeakably large.
‘What the hell is this guy? I’m not an ordinary prosecutor.’
Even more annoying was the fact that even with these skills, Lian’s eyes didn’t have the slightest hint of hope.
‘Wrong! This, that, everything is wrong!’
Ryan was seeing what Fox couldn’t see.
That’s why every time he drew his sword, despair like death came.
‘no.’
He doesn’t have genius insight to stab the shortest distance.
The process of swinging hundreds and thousands of times and adjusting the error at the level of one millimeter or less was the only way he could rise to the next level.
‘This isn’t it.’
but it seems
An ideal state that cannot be explained in words.
Because the realm is shimmering, all standards have become tangled.
“This is not what it is!”
The moment Lian burst into a tantrum, divine transcendence was activated for the first time.
The greatsword stopped only after Fox cut off the sword he had raised and cut the body vertically.
Silence as if the world had stopped.
As Fox’s body tumbled from side to side, the villagers began to enter the building.
He single-handedly cut down 12 bandits.
He was a master who could never be seen in a completely ruined village where there was not even a single blade of grass to graze.
“omg! omg!”
Rian felt relieved for the first time since the battle started, but no matter how much he thought about it, he couldn’t remember his posture from a moment ago.
‘What do you mean… … .’
When I closed my sword and looked around, I saw no one besides Sylvia and Liz.
‘Did I win?’
no, he survived
It’s nothing more than luck overlapping luck, luck overlapping luck and surviving.
But how long can we last like this?
“ah… … .”
Sylvia met Lian’s eyes and involuntarily let out a moan.
It was the eyes that seemed to be carrying all the agony of the world.
However, Lian turned his head again to examine the corpses scattered everywhere, as if he did not want sympathy.
‘You committed it.’
On the subject of not being able to take care of my own body, I trembled again.
“Get rid of the body.”
Lian informed the villagers who were probably listening.
“If you don’t want to be in charge, that would be fine.”
Since no one would want to take responsibility for today’s situation, there was no reason for Lian’s explanation to be lengthy.
“Come in. Please tell me more.”
After Rian said that, she turned to the house first, and Sylvia, who suddenly came to her senses, followed.
On the other hand, Liz still stayed there and looked at the cruel scene Lian had created with a blank expression.
“That brother… … Are you really strong?”
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 519 - Unknown Swordsman (3) 2.txt
===============================
[519] Unknown swordsman (3)
When Liz returns home, Lian and Sylvia are talking.
According to what Lian heard, most of the officers of the Red Spear Bandits are composed of defeated soldiers belonging to the Kingdom of Baiden.
In particular, the leader was a man in his mid-40s named Pecon who worked at a border post, and was a person who held the position of an infantry battalion commander before the border was pushed.
‘The battalion commander of the infantry.’
Lian, who had been to many battlefields, was able to gauge Paccon’s inaction just by hearing his name.
As if it were the capital of a kingdom, in a battle zone where war is fierce, rank becomes a measure of skill.
In particular, when it came to the battalion commander in the border area where the pride of both countries was at stake, anything other than skill was not a consideration at all.
“Hmm, why would someone like that join the bandits?”
“I don’t know. It could be exhaustion, or it could be personal circumstances… … .”
After a moment of conflict, Sylvia confessed her true feelings.
“But isn’t that what humans are after all?”
Rihanna found herself persuaded by her last words.
There may be circumstances.
But maybe because he’s just human, he chooses evil in search of a slightly better path.
“Red Spear Faken is a well-known person even in enemy countries. That’s why the Biden Security Forces are not willing to touch it. They have settled on Mount Arch, three kilometers away from here, and are expanding their power by plundering nearby villages.”
Fox, which Rian cut down, was also part of the power expansion Sylvia spoke of.
“It’s Arch Mountain… … .”
“brother.”
As Liz approached, Rian, who belatedly realized, apologized.
“sorry. You have shown a vicious appearance.”
“are you okay. I’m not really surprised.”
I couldn’t be happy to see a corpse, but when I saw it every day, I just felt the disgust of c*ckroaches.
“Tell me honestly. Oppa, are you a very famous person? You lied because you were afraid people would flock to you if you revealed your real name, right?”
“no. my name is rian And not even famous. The bandits were just weak. I never won because I was strong.”
Liz bowed her head sullenly.
“But we… … Even those weak thieves suffer and live.”
Ryan had nothing to say.
It’s not a sin to be weak, but on the battlefield, such words were nothing more than a vanity.
“I want to rest a little. The wound hasn’t healed yet.”
Ryan got out of his uncomfortable seat and entered the room.
As Sylvia looked at the tightly closed door with a worried expression, Liz asked as she cradled her in her arms.
“Mom, what will we do now if my brother leaves?”
“Liz, expecting too much from others is bad. My brother saved us, didn’t he?”
“But now I hate it. I don’t want to live like this.”
Who wants to stay in pain?
However, Sylvia could not tell her young daughter the harsh reality.
One thing I’ve realized in my life is that you can’t know something you haven’t experienced.
When she was young, she also boasted many words, such as life is like this and living like this is the correct answer, but it wasn’t once or twice that she had completely different feelings from the words she uttered when she was directly subjected to it.
“Liz, you will know when you live. No one can fully understand you. But do you have a mother? She will be your mother to watch over you.”
“I hate it when my mother protects me. I want someone to protect her mother.”
Sylvia smiled sadly.
That, too, must have been a fear that a child could have.
“Mom, let me tell you something. But even when no one helps her, she is always by your side.”
Sylvia hugged Liz tightly.
Long into the night, Lian did not come out of the room.
After breakfast, he skipped meals, but the heavy burden rested on his shoulders, enough to make him forget about hunger.
‘Red Spear Facken. A battalion commander?’
At the time of his confrontation with his older brother in the Ogent family, Ogent Lai was an 8th class sergeant.
Of course, the Lai that Lian knew was a genius, so he had no idea that he would be just a battalion commander when he reached the age of Facon.
However, if you compare only your current skills, the possibility of surpassing Rai was strong.
‘I… … Can I bell?’
According to Sylvia, there are seven officers of the Red Spear Bandits.
Among them, there were only three vice-captains, including Fox, so it was certain that the number of subordinates would exceed three digits, if not much.
You have to fight them all.
He had to deal with the thieves who had even given up on the Kingdom Security Forces alone.
‘I’m going to die.’
Why fight if you’re going to die anyway?
Justice that cannot be enforced is not justice.
‘I don’t know, Shirone. what should i do… … .’
smart.
In the midst of Lian’s agonizing night, he heard a knock.
“I am Sylvia.”
“Come in.”
Sylvia opened the door and came in.
And when he saw Lian sitting on the bed with no sign of lying down, he sat down in a chair with a slightly relieved expression on his face.
“What happened at this time… … .”
“I just wanted to say thank you for the help. You are a benefactor to me and my daughter.”
Lian looked back on the journey of knight training.
More than half of those who called him a benefactor ended up calling Lian an enemy.
That’s what responsibility is.
“You just fought for me. The bandits would have killed me anyway.”
Sylvia nodded as if she understood.
As the silence grew longer, Lian, who could not stand it, spoke frankly first.
“sorry. I can’t face the bandits alone. The border security forces have also let go, and the villagers won’t come forward.”
“I have no face. It hasn’t been a desolate place since before.”
The problem was that those who could fight were already dead or attached to the bandits.
“I will leave in the morning. sorry.”
“I’m not asking the knight to destroy the bandits.”
“then?”
When Lian raised her head, Sylvia looked away and said.
“Can you be Liz’s father?”
Ryan waited for the words to follow without showing emotion.
It was so nonsensical.
“sorry. At the age of thirty-three, I couldn’t bear to say the word marriage, so I sold her daughter. But I’m serious. Of course, I’m not asking you to stay by her side for the rest of your life. For five years, even three years, can’t she just stay by her side until Liz is out of here and she can live in the world?”
Rihanna’s chest tightened.
If he refuses the offer, will he become the enemy who ruined Liz’s life again?
“I will make a good wife.”
As the silence grew longer, Sylvia lowered her head as if she had made up her mind and began to unfasten her clothes.
Entrusting her husband’s friend, Fox, was something she hated more than dying.
But if it wasn’t that disgusting, a woman alone knew what she would give up to protect her daughter.
Ryan firmly held out his hand.
“sorry.”
Sylvia’s embarrassing hand stopped.
There were a lot of people who just stayed overnight and left, so this was an unexpected situation even for her.
“There is someone I like. And you won’t change my mind this way.”
“okay.”
Sylvia straightened her collar and stood up.
There was nothing more to ask for because there was nothing more to give.
“I was grateful though. Fox is… … He really was like an enemy. I’ll pack some food, so take it with you in the morning.”
Seeing each other would only be embarrassing, so Sylvia was considerate of Lian and left the room.
Silence came again and the moonlight came through the window.
Lian spent the rest of the time immersed in agony.
What could be done and what could not be done flowed without a standard.
At dawn, Lian’s confused eyes gradually regained stability.
After inserting the greatsword into the leather scabbard on her back and leaving the door, there was a bag of food Sylvia had prepared in advance.
Ryan looked around for a moment at the room where the mother and daughter were sleeping.
“… … .”
And without touching anything, I slowly opened the door and went out.
He will never return to Lipne Village.
An hour after Lian left, Sylvia’s house was noisy as if Liz’s cries were about to leave.
“mom! My brother is gone! He left us behind!”
“No, Liz. My brother went his own way.”
“Aaaagh!”
Liz didn’t say anything more and just cried, as if she understood the world even a little in her young mind.
Then someone knocked on the door outside.
“Are you there? Let me ask you something.”
Sylvia opened the door without losing her vigilance and looked outside.
Then, with a dazed expression, he raised his head all the way to the threshold.
A body that is out of the standard of an average human.
He was over 2 meters tall, and his shoulders got caught in the door.
In her experience, this kind of thing has always dealt with swords.
When the man bent over suddenly showed his face, Sylvia took a step back in surprise.
A face long like a sweet potato, thick eyelashes, and a thin mustache peeking out from under the nose.
“Oh, sorry to startle you. Even if you go in for a while… … ?”
Sylvia asked as she hugged Liz.
“What are you doing?”
When the man stormed into the house without asking for permission, a seed that seemed crazy to his heart followed.
The servant was not short, but he was a dwarf compared to the man wearing black iron armor and carrying an iron sword carefully carved by a master craftsman.
The man, who had been sniffing and acting incoherently, nodded as if he understood.
“I heard rumors that a blue-haired knight with a long sword came to this village a few days ago. Have you seen it?”
There was only one person with blue hair who could think of a long sword.
“no. I don’t know anyone like that. Please leave.”
“Hmm, is that so?”
The man took out a chair from the table and sat down.
Every single action was transmitted to the mother and daughter as a sense of intimidation.
“Your introduction is late. My name is Ramdas, the Knight Acolyte. He is holding an official post in a distant country, but the late wind hits him and he is wandering aimlessly.”
Ramdas brought out phrases that he hadn’t even asked.
“Then I heard a rumor in the wind. This is the story of a young swordsman with blue hair.”
“You said you didn’t know such a person!”
“yes. Not that famous. But I don’t judge people by their reputation. In particular, the young prosecutor’s actions intrigued me.”
Sylvia gave up and kept her mouth shut.
“There are corpses that the young man cut down, of course there are some that were caught in the middle of the day, but there is a consistent aspect to some corpses. Excitement!”
As Ramdas slammed the table, the mother and daughter’s shoulders shook.
“They say everything is over with one sword. Whether it be horses, armor, shields, or weapons, they disregarded and cut them down.”
The end of Fox came to mind in Sylvia’s mind.
“Maybe that’s why it’s being evaluated as a rising divinity among knight attendants. Thanks to his bold swordsmanship, he seems to have been nicknamed the Knight of Macha in recent years.”
“A Knight of Mach?”
“yes. It means something huge like the sky, the sea, or the earth. But I heard, um, I heard from the villagers, that yesterday morning a young man tore up a man named Fox with his sword and armor. Also, I heard from the villagers that the young man is staying here.”
Sylvia’s lips trembled.
“really… … Don’t you know?”
Ramdas’ pretty eyes like a woman penetrated Sylvia’s heart like an awl.
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 520 - Unknown Swordsman (4) 2.txt
===============================
[520] Unknown Swordsman (4)
Arriving at the beginning of Mount Arch, Lian was lost in thought.
‘I can’t save everyone in the world.’
Also, even if you wanted to save someone, if you didn’t have the ability to do so, it was the same as committing suicide.
“I know, Shirone.”
That this is not like you.
It’s not like me to rush into the enemy camp and die bravely even though I know I’m going to die.
“Yeah, it’s not like that.”
Ryan laughed.
“You just have to go where your heart points.”
The scenery was beautiful, and the clear birdsong embroidered the valley coolly and spread out.
However, the aura of death awaiting him halfway up distorted the whole landscape to the point of dizziness.
The more he did, the faster he walked through the bush.
I didn’t want to waste time if I was going to make a decision.
Just because I lived 5 more minutes didn’t change the history I’ve lived so far.
As we approached the thieves’ sanctuary, two thieves who were patrolling the outskirts drew their swords and blocked our way.
“What are you? Do you know where this is?”
Lian continued moving forward without slowing down.
The eyes of the thieves, who confirmed the trained body and even the long sword behind them, were filled with life.
“stop. if you don’t want to die Who are you?”
Instead of answering, Lian reached over and grabbed the handle of the long sword.
“This child… … !”
Not to be outdone, two thieves ran downhill with their swords pointed.
“I am Lian.”
Lian’s face crumpled as he gritted his teeth, and hot air leaked out between his teeth.
“It’s Shirone’s sword.”
The thieves’ eyes shook in shock.
A huge flash of light was rolling in like a rising tidal wave just off the horizon.
* * *
Silvia was seized with a strange fear, and felt compelled to say anything.
“But why are you looking for him?”
Ramdas leaned back in his chair and twisted his mustache.
“Hmm, according to rumors, he has reached divine transcendence.”
“Divine Transcendence?”
“You move your body with the power of your will. Of course, it is unclear whether this is actually possible, but it is true that it is an interesting topic for prosecutors. The reason why I left knight training at this age was to confirm the reality of divine transcendence. That’s why I want to meet you. Will Mach’s knight really be able to cut me to pieces?”
Liz looked up and asked.
“Are you going to kill me?”
“Chuck! It’s unknown, little lady. Kill or die, you have to stick around to know. If he really is a yaksha from mythology, my black iron armor would be nothing more than a sheet of paper.”
After saying that, Ramdas aimed his gaze at Sylvia.
“Now, stop talking. Knight of Maha, where are you?”
I don’t think he’s the type to harass women.
However, his more eccentric temperament suggested that he would surely kill if he kept his mouth shut.
“He is the benefactor of our family. He did kill Fox, but he didn’t look very strong. He might be someone else.”
The reason Sylvia turned around was that she really didn’t know where Lian was.
“yes. That’s good enough for a rationalization. You did your best. Where are you?”
Sylvia cried and said.
“I don’t know. I also asked for help last night, but I refused and left in the morning.”
“Oh, how pitiful it is. If true, that’s really sad. The fact that Macha’s knight was just a coward.”
Contrary to what he said, Liz shouted at Ramdas’ cold face.
“It’s real! My brother abandoned us and left!”
“Chuck! Then, is it a lie that you cut down a man named Fox yesterday?”
“Well, it’s not… … .”
Ramdas, who had been boggling his upper body back and forth in thought, asked again.
“Tell me then. You know, because you were there. Didn’t you notice something strange when the prosecutor cut Fox?”
Liz’s face hardened as if she had been stabbed.
I don’t remember the scene at the time.
Not because I was surprised or scared, but at that moment, it felt like the world was distorting.
Ramdas thought that Liz’s expression was the clear proof.
“You saw it too, Deny.”
“I don’t know. I didn’t see anything.”
“It wasn’t that I didn’t see it, it was that I was shocked. It’s like a kind of shockwave that destroys human common sense.”
Ramdas started to get excited.
“Among swordsman practitioners, it is called axing. Among them, the axing used by the knights of Maha is Denai.”
Liz said while pulling Sylvia by the collar at the murderous spirit rising from Ramdas.
“I have no idea what you mean! And it has nothing to do with us!”
“okay. But it doesn’t matter to me. So you should also know what kind of knight Macha is.”
Ramdas slowly got up and pushed his upper body out.
“His sword denies the world’s logic.”
* * *
“Stop! The enemy is only one! Archers hold your ground!”
The 120 members of the Red Spear Bandits moved in perfect order.
Perhaps because the leader was a soldier, the system was different from other thieves.
Arrows rained down from 16 watchtowers, and foot soldiers armed with swords and spears gathered and scattered repeatedly, aiming for Lian’s life.
The swords were menacing, the spears too far, and the arrows falling out of sight.
“Yaaaa!”
Swinging his greatsword in an X-shape, Lian dispersed the troops and struck the pillar of the watchtower made of thick logs.
As the place where the greatsword passed was sniped, the watchtower tilted slowly and quickly fell.
“Ahh!”
Finding the archer in the ruins of the watchtower, Lian plunged his greatsword into his back.
At the same time, eight spears stabbed in from different directions.
“damn!”
Rian, who evaded by rolling on the floor, looked around.
No matter where you looked, you could only see enemies.
‘Yes, this is 100 people.’
Anyone who has experienced war for a long time knows how big the gap is between the 100 people in your head and the 100 people in reality.
It eliminated 3 people in 10 minutes, but this meant that it could never be annihilated.
Even if you eliminate one person every 3 minutes, it will take 300 minutes to annihilate.
In other words, you have to fight for your life for five hours, harder than sprinting.
Of course, this was just an ideal minimum figure.
“Besieged! Don’t give me a break!”
Enemies know that fact, so rather than recklessly attacking, they drove Lian into a corner and only spread the grass when a decisive opportunity came.
‘I can’t win anyway.’
finished in 1 hour
Enemies who saw through Lian’s strategy widened their distance.
But even faster than that, Lian jumped like a beast.
‘what… … ?’
The thieves’ eyes widened as the world suddenly shook as if it were distorted around Lian.
A movement that destroys common sense of inertia.
How could you land faster than you jumped up?
“Yaaaaa!”
When he swung his great sword, the bodies of three people were cut off.
An attack that cannot be blocked even with a shield.
The bandits were frightened, but they took courage and advanced again due to the huge difference in numbers.
“Kill! With fewer troops, we only become more dangerous!”
The words of the lieutenant commander caused a great sensation, and the thieves raised their resolve as if they were dealing with a monster that had attacked the village.
“shit! You weren’t just a kid!”
In the eyes of the thieves, Lian’s balance was excellent.
However, there were as many as 200 eyes watching him, and some of them dug into the gaps precisely and hurt them.
“Keugh!”
Two arrows were lodged in the shoulder and back, and the spear cut through the side.
‘There is no end.’
The number of enemies he has cut so far is 40, but Lian did not feel the difference between 120 and 80.
‘This isn’t it.’
As fatigue piled up, the thirst that could not be satisfied no matter how much he swung harassed him again.
The central axis of thinking has already tilted, so I feel like I’m writing the wrong answer no matter what I do.
‘It’s okay to die. but… … .’
Born as a swordsman, I want to feel the perfect cut even just once.
“Yaaaa!”
Lian screamed and charged.
If you don’t have a head to realize, you have no choice but to accumulate numerous failures through your body.
‘… … what?;
how much time has passed
Lian was puzzled when he realized that the number of enemies had decreased considerably.
‘How many times have I swung it?’
I don’t remember the battle.
no, it wasn’t conscious.
The moment I felt the sharp, sharp cut, a shiver ran up my spine.
‘This is it!’
The perfect slash I entered while conscious for the first time.
And the conclusion that Lian reached after accepting the cut into the cells of his whole body… … .
‘It wasn’t slanted.’
Nothing was wrong from the start.
The sword just goes anywhere.
That’s why it wasn’t the sword that was leaning… … .
‘It’s me.’
Swordsmanship doesn’t save the world.
The sword does not cut people.
Saving the world and killing people are human beings in the end.
Therefore, the sword is simply a human being who can wield it as he pleases.
‘Go only for me!’
In the place where the greatsword had passed, blood fountains protruding from the five necks gushed out one after another.
“The taste of cutting has become sharper.”
Facon, who was watching the battle from the living platform, spoke.
The stone chair was so large that it felt cramped, and a spear reddened with real human blood leaned against the armrest.
“It could be a fluke. Enlightenment does not come easily.”
Breeze, one of the thieves’ vice-captains and the only wizard, said.
It was an old man in his mid-sixties with a beard that grew roughly as if scrawled with a brush.
“There is no luck. Especially black.”
Facon was clearly aware of Lian’s change.
“If it is genius to realize before swinging, it would be dunjae to realize after swinging 10,000 times. But that 10,000 times is scary. It’s a matter of who wins and comes back, between a brilliant gambler with 1 gold and a stupid gambler with 100 million gold. Being able to swing 10,000 times must be another asset that a genius cannot possess.”
Breeze said, brushing her beard.
“Then I will have to step in.”
Since the momentum of the sword is at its peak, it is difficult to deal with infantry alone.
Faken, who agreed with the idea, gestured as if to step in.
“Give me a blow and come. If you’re that skilled, you’ll have to accept the loss of troops.”
When Breeze stepped forward from the podium and raised her hands, red flames gathered and roared above her head.
If he blows up the radius like this, his subordinates will also be sacrificed, but if he can’t stop Lian, who has turned into a beast, the future will be more difficult.
“At such a young age, the skills are quite good… … .”
Breeze casts a giant fireball while performing a magical action by putting both hands forward.
“I found the wrong water to play with.”
“It’s a fireball!”
At the same time as the thieves shouted, Lian bent over and turned her head.
My eyes widened the moment I saw a huge fire burning through the air.
Divine Transcendence – Yaksha.
As the air expands, the afterimage of the incarnation manifests, and Breeze, who was watching Lian, felt her hair stand on end.
“Great!”
Crumpling his face and twisting his waist with all his might, Lian swung his greatsword at the flying fireball.
Axing-deny.
A strong wind roared and the fireball lost momentum and split in half.
Breeze looked at it and put on a dazed expression.
“My, my magic… … .”
Facon, who was watching, also showed his face with an expression of incomprehension.
“… … Did you see the magic?”
It was a sight that even he, who had lived on the battlefield for decades, had never heard of, let alone seen.
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 521 - Unknown Swordsman (5) 2.txt
===============================
[521] Unknown swordsman (5)
For a while, the battle fell into a lull.
Dozens of deaths had already occurred, and the thieves were so excited that they were close to madness, but the incident where Lian cut the fireball was surprising enough to cool their fighting intentions in an instant.
The yaksa’s anger transcends the law and is expressed in action.
Axing collectively.
Among them, Denai was Lian’s unique skill to break the opponent’s will with his own will.
To put it bluntly, it denies all the principles of the world by endlessly overlapping the law with the feedback of the thesis, which is implied, ‘If you must do it, you must do it.’
“How can magic… … .”
Breeze still couldn’t face reality.
Of course, Fireball, which combines omniscience and omnipotence, can be cut with a sword because it works like real fire in the Spirit Zone.
However, the problem was not that the fire was cut, but that the magic itself had been extinguished.
The sudden disappearance of magic, like a candle being blown out, was not a normal phenomenon even to outsider thieves.
“Is that so… … .”
The red spear facon rose from his seat.
I still couldn’t understand the immediate outcome, but if I expand it to the category of strange events, it wasn’t that I couldn’t guess at all.
On the battlefield, countless rumors that cannot distinguish truth from lies circulate, and among them, the ones that are often heard are tests of transcendental abilities that can never be realized with schemas.
“I wondered what he believed in when he was young and invaded the living.”
Facon gripped the red spear leaning next to the stone chair.
“Kill him with all your might. He is a different human being than the prosecutors we know.”
Following the leader’s words, the officers lined up on the left and right took out their weapons and glared at Lian with ferocious eyes.
“let’s go! It’s an all-out attack!”
As Facon swung his spear and jumped off the podium, the dumbfounded thieves regained their senses and charged Lian.
Lian looked at her enemies with a calm gaze.
‘Let’s not be obsessed.’
Lian put all his will into moment-to-moment judgment, and enemies were cut away with each swing of the greatsword.
It was a mechanical severance, as if a ruler was placed on paper and cut with a knife.
Also, that was the fingerprint of the unique sword that made Lian known as the Mach Knight.
When the number of bandits fell below 50, Lian began to gain momentum for the first time.
How absurd it is for one life to reap 70 lives.
The thieves trembled in fear, and their hearts stopped even if they met Lian’s eyes.
“come here! Baby!”
Facon swung a red spear and charged Lian.
The moment the sword and the spear collided, Lian’s spirit, which had fallen into a trance, returned to reality in an instant.
The sensation of colliding with an iron wall, not a person, passed through my fingertips.
‘The interest is the paycon.’
Even if it wasn’t a red spear, Faken’s skills were by far outstanding.
The order of the technique tree is muscle strength, nerves, and mitochondria.
In particular, the strength of the base, which is the base, was multiplied in efficiency through the technique of folding.
“Haha! is it just this? Run amok like before!”
Lian was pushed back in succession by Facon’s spear thrusting in without giving him a chance to rest.
If it was one-on-one, he would be able to do it, but fighting a master while surrounded by bandits was unreasonable.
Above all, the skills of the executives who assisted Facon were incomparable to those of ordinary people.
‘Grandpa, how the hell did you think of doing this?’
Ogent Klumph automatically came to Rian’s mind, who fought with all his might.
Even when he was living under the utmost care of his parents and siblings as the youngest son in the family, he thought that subduing bandits would be a difficult task, but when he actually experienced it, he realized to the bone how self-indulgent he had been living.
‘As expected.’
Faken narrowed the gap with his eyes shining.
Every time a crisis hits, the shaking is big.
Of course, I would like to give points for overcoming the crisis in the end, but the lack of experience was evident at a glance.
‘I’m just honest, but my sense is too low. How the hell did you get to this point? I should have died a long time ago.’
That was the diagnosis of Facon, who had lived in the world of swords for a long time.
“Keugh!”
As the blood-stained spear rushed in like a severing lifeline, Lian swung his greatsword wide.
It was a counterattack that would have worked at any other time, but Facon was perfectly expecting Lian’s breath from a short confrontation.
‘Avoid… … .’
The greatsword brushed the tip of Faken’s nose and went up.
‘Poke.’
pop!
Twisting his arm, the tip of his spear pierced Lian’s side the size of a fist and passed away.
‘what?’
Since it was the heart he was aiming for, Faken’s eyebrows lifted slightly.
“Big!”
Lian’s pupils, who were clenching their teeth and enduring the pain, curled upwards, and the afterimage of the incarnation appeared again.
Facon was embarrassed, not befitting the name of a veteran.
It won’t actually look like it.
There is no limit to space if a certain energy emanating from Lian passes through the brain to form a special image.
huge.
I don’t know what the biggest thing in the world is, but if there is one, it’s a gigantic figure with teeth baring.
At the same time, a sound like noodles being pulled out of water was heard, and black lines protruded and intertwined on Lian’s side, quickly filling the empty space.
‘Wounds regenerate?’
It was a strange phenomenon that could not be explained even with the schema.
“Aaaaaaa!”
Lian rushed forward with the egg whites lifted up.
Refined anger and other seething emotions exploded and I couldn’t control my body.
The essence of emotion is belligerence.
The desire to fight, to fight against someone stronger led Lian’s sword.
– Smille. Smille.
“This is your chance! Kill!”
If the firepower was increased while ignoring the preservation of the body, the defense would have been lax.
‘No, this is not about being flimsy.’
They are attacking like a lifeless person.
“Poke! Stab it unconditionally!”
You can kill it now.
However, among the thieves, only Facon was the only one who could hold out his sword in front of the explosive force like a god of war.
“Stupid children!”
There are 22 people left.
If you lose more here, then there is really no turning back.
Perceiving Lian’s motives for targeting the wizard Breeze, Facon used a subordinate as a sacrifice to close the gap.
As he continued to puncture Lian’s body with his flashy spearmanship, he heard hallucinations again.
– Smille. Smille.
Rian regained consciousness at the sound of a voice that sounded like the sound of wind swirling in a deep valley.
‘scary. It’s too scary, Shirone.’
Why did this happen to you?
Even when he ate Ymir’s arm and regenerated his right arm, and even when he fought numerous battles with <Idea> in his hands, he did not hear any hallucinations.
From one day, I heard
It was probably the first time he suffered a near-death wound.
But the problem is, Klump heard the same hallucinations only once in his life.
But why does this hallucination not go away from himself?
The only thing I could know was the certainty that this wouldn’t last forever.
Lian gripped the greatsword tightly.
‘doesn’t care. If only I could fight now!’
Kwaaang!
Facon, who blocked Lian’s attack, distorted his expression at the impact that felt like his whole body was being crushed.
“Hehe!”
Laughter leaked out in fear.
“Hehehehehe!”
Kakacak!
Lian’s charge stopped when he pressed his body close to the spear pole.
Between the crossed arms in the shape of an X, Faken revealed his face of madness.
“Do you want to engrave your name in history? yes? Do you think it will be that easy?”
Who the hell started first?
A person who did a crazy thing to make his name known by defeating the thieves.
“it’s over. Your future will at best be a corpse and food for birds.”
Faken shook his head and shouted.
“What are you doing! Put an end to it!”
No one answered.
‘no way… … .’
Feeling uneasy, Facon hurriedly looked around.
No one was standing.
In three hours, all 120 bandits were cut down.
‘Maybe this guy too… … .’
I don’t know if I’ll go down in history.
As I turned my head thinking about that, Lian said.
“die.”
oh i’m dying
There was so much overwhelming power in his voice that it made me think that it must be so.
“this… … .”
The moment Facon was about to leave his will, Lian’s arm rose very slowly.
Seeing the completely empty torso reminded Facon that he could live again.
‘If you stab me in the heart… … .’
But at that moment I realized.
Let alone the body, even the tongue that was spitting out the words was not moving.
The time gap according to the transcendental relative speed.
In reality, Lian’s arm was moving faster than Faken’s tongue.
The two arms that had been denied were swung downward several times faster than they had risen.
Aaaaaang!
The greatsword hit the ground, and Facon’s body split in two with a shudder as if the world was splitting.
“Great!”
Rian frowned and withstood the impact of the body that was raised to an over-face.
As the muscles all over my body twisted, I felt as if I was transforming into another creature.
“Whoa.”
After about five minutes had passed, Lian was able to lift her back.
‘I’ll be sick for two days.’
survived anyway And with this, he was completely relieved of his responsibility towards Sylvia’s family.
‘I won’t be shaken anymore.’
It was a fight in which death was closer than life, but it was a great fruit for Lian, who learned from actual combat.
“This is lucky. I really thought you would be here.”
Lian turned his head at the voice he heard from the entrance of the sanchae.
“What are you?”
A tall man in black iron armor was scanning the corpses with greasy eyes.
Judging from the fact that the squire standing behind him was holding a pen and paper, it was clear that he was a nobleman practicing knighthood.
However, there was a feeling that he was too old to practice now.
“Are you a knight of Mach? I’ve heard the rumors.”
“A Knight of Macha?”
Lian tilted his head at the title he heard for the first time, but the man didn’t care and pulled out a sword as long as his height.
The sword was also black iron and was embroidered with sophisticated patterns.
“As I’ve heard, you’re a dubious man. But what you see in front of you is the clear proof.”
When the man’s eyelashes opened like flower petals, blood came out, and Lian’s body reacted by itself.
It was a master I had never met before.
“Subjugation of bandits. Well, when I was young, I did it whenever I was bored. Now that I see it, I miss it.”
When there was no reaction from Lian, Ramdas swung his sword and returned to his stance.
“What are you doing? Come on. You’re not waiting to die without knowing what you’re doing, right?”
It is common for Ikito to come in during the knight’s training.
However, at present, Lian had just destroyed 120 bandits, and the aftermath of Denai had not completely disappeared.
“Of course I know.”
Lian turned to Ramdas with a smile.
The two prosecutors faced each other at a distance of 20 meters.
It was a distance much farther than the sword, but considering the movement speed of the schema, it was a distance that could never be said to be far.
‘come. I’ll expose your true identity.’
As Ramdas thought, Lian’s figure disappeared.
All I could see was an infinitely long horizontal flash in the realm of thought.
As if the three-dimensional body of Ramdas had been cut into two dimensions, the waist, wrist, and sword made of black iron were cut at the same hardness and fell to the floor.
“… … .”
The servant stood with his mouth open in a daze, unable to transfer a single word to the paper.
As I slowly turned around, I saw Lian walking down the mountain with her greatsword hand outstretched.
Pupperpuppung!
Muscles burst from Lian’s shoulder to wrist, revealing bone, but his fingers were still gripping the greatsword.
– Smille. Smille.
Feeling the muscles in his right arm reconnect, Lian moved away from the servant’s vision.
will be strong
will come to the end of the world
‘Because that’s right next to you. Right, Shirone?’
Only after Lian disappeared completely did the servant gulp the saliva in his mouth.
The owner who served for 10 years passed away, but rather than feelings of condolences, emotion surged first.
“Rumors… … It was true.”
The trembling pen tip glided slowly across the paper.
Mach’s Knight
(end of volume 21)
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 522 - New Contract (1) 1.txt
===============================
[522] New Covenant (1)
There is an island that does not exist on the map on the sea 34 kilometers from Galliante Island.
This island called ‘Baekdo’, which only old fishermen who have been on a boat for over 40 years know about, was an island that was privatized long ago by an organization from the Galliante Autonomous District.
And currently, Keira, one of the caretakers of the Ivory Tower, was resting in the white island, waiting for an order from the superior.
The scenery of the Cheonhae was full of unknowns.
Numerous animals and plants that have evolved independently, and even cannibal birds that make beautiful sounds like flutes.
Keira was preparing an early morning in a cabin built near a small waterfall.
It was a simple meal, but it was a break after a long time for her who was always busy with work.
“It smells delicious. Is it rabbit stew?”
Keira’s hand stirring the ladle stopped abruptly.
I couldn’t even feel the presence, but the voice was enough.
Armin laughed.
“what? Could it be that you are at the doorstep?”
But, as if Keira hadn’t heard anything, she went back to stirring the ladle.
“… … I’ll come back when I’m offended.”
At the same time as Armin turned around, Keira nervously threw the ladle away.
The ladle rolled on the floor with a bang, and Keira, who was crying, ran with all her might and hugged Armin.
“You bastard! I thought you were dead! really… … I thought you were dead!”
Armin stroked Keira’s back.
“I’m back. As promised.”
Keira, covered in tears, asked with a bright expression.
“Are you completely back? sit down once Are you hungry?”
As busy as her hands preparing the meal, her mouth had no time to rest.
“I was punished for tearing up the pact. For now, stay here until you return. Still, it’s worth the wait. Oh, let’s go to the Ivory Tower right after breakfast. I have to report it.”
“No, Keira. I am not going back to the ivory tower.”
Keira turned around with a dazed expression.
“What are you talking about?”
“I have work to do. I think I will be active in a new team for a while. You will understand.”
“understanding? Maybe if you died, but since you came back alive, you can’t escape the Ivory Tower’s surveillance.”
“Of course it is. But maybe it will be fine. The Ivory Tower will have no choice but to accept my offer this time.”
“What happened? What about the new team?”
“First of all, let’s eat breakfast. I will explain.”
Armin took his time and sat down at the table.
It seemed like today was going to be a long day.
* * *
Basuka, the capital of the kingdom of Tormia.
Returning to the Kaizen Swordsmanship Academy, Kuan put all his luggage into one bag and changed his clothes.
Her eyes when choosing clothes were more cautious than usual, but she wasn’t satisfied with any of them.
‘Should I cut my sleeves? Or is it better to leave it as it is?’
Just then, the door slammed open and a piercing voice was heard.
“You madman!”
It was Kiyora Ellis, a surgeon at the swordsmanship academy.
“Are you here?”
Quan bowed briefly and looked back at the mirror.
“what? Are you here? Yes, here you go, you son of a bitch! The letter of resignation you handed in today. Do you know how much I struggled to get this back?”
Kuan, who was absent from school without permission, was naturally dismissed from the job, but Elise put her powers on hold.
Since she was such a woman, I couldn’t describe the feelings I felt when Kuan returned.
I’m back.
Not enough amputation, one arm is missing.
Especially since she was a surgeon in the field of neural junctions, I was devastated to see my dearest friend go through something like this every time.
Whether he knew this or not, Quan responded with a sense of relief as if he had thrown away old trash.
“Why are you withdrawing? I didn’t sleep at all and took the time to write it. Give it back and come.”
“Ah, sir!”
Elise slammed her resignation letter on the ground.
I’m not training my mutt, what’s the use of this if I’m leaving school anyway?
“What the hell are you doing? You can think while at school, even during vacation! Paid vacation!”
“I got a new job. And you can’t be a teacher anyway. My sword cannot reach the students. So find another teacher right now.”
Elise was also a teacher at a swordsmanship school, so she had a vague sense of what Quan got in return for giving up her arm.
Before leaving school and now, Quan had such a strange temperament that it was safe to say that he was a completely different person.
“You won’t tell me until the end, right? You don’t want to be friends with me, right?”
“I’m past the age of threatening you with something like that. anyway what do you think of this? Should I cut off the sleeves or should I leave them as is?”
“How do I know, man! A man who cut off his own arm, what do you know about sleeves! You’re making me nervous!”
“I guess I should just leave it alone.”
It would be cumbersome in a combat situation, but apparently this side was much better.
Only then did Ellis realize that Quan had changed deep inside.
He paid attention to his clothes, and his attitude towards people was much calmer than before.
He made up his mind to go out into the world after overcoming a long nightmare.
“You really won’t regret it, will you?”
Quan turned to Ellis and said.
“are you okay.”
Alice couldn’t say anything.
How could you stop him from going in front of his beloved friend’s smile for the first time in 10 years?
“Thank you. I’ll contact you.”
After tapping Ellis on the shoulder and leaving the room, Quan passed through the hallway he always passed through and caught his eyes on the training ground where countless students were tricked.
I missed the boring scenery as much as today.
‘Come to think of it, is he okay?’
Lian dropped out of school to leave for knight training.
After thinking about the result like this, he was one step behind Lian.
‘Maybe we can meet someday.’
Because that is the prosecutor’s destiny.
Kuan got into the carriage he had reserved in advance and told the coachman to go to the city of Kentra.
Tormia is a famous pastoral area, and it was the area where Siena and I had lunch before going to heaven.
And today, I meet her again.
“I hope it’s not too late.”
Twenty minutes late, Kuan opened the carriage door roughly and entered the restaurant.
“shit.”
It was still a comfortable atmosphere as before, and most of the customers were dressed in simple clothes.
But to them, Quan was an unusual guest.
Since he was wearing a sword and even had a stern look, the restaurant became quiet and his eyes focused.
Then Siena got up from the table in the corner.
“Here it is, sir.”
Kuan was stunned for a moment and looked at Siena.
With her glasses off and her hair down, she was a completely different person.
When a beautiful woman greeted Quan, the guests looked at the two in bewilderment.
Even if you don’t want to pay attention to it, you can’t help but have an intrusive gait.
At the restaurant, only Siena was looking at Kuan with sincere eyes.
“Forgive me for being late.”
“are you okay. Baska is a long way away. How have you been?”
“yes. what… … .”
The first person to contact was Siena. It must have been that the promise he had made in heaven was on his mind.
Kuan ordered a lamb steak.
Not long after he lost his arm, everything was unfamiliar to him, but he suddenly thought there was no need to order something else.
But that thought soon turned to regret.
The meat was tougher than expected, so it didn’t cut well, and that didn’t mean you couldn’t use a kitchen knife to practice swordsmanship.
“Pooh!”
Quan’s cutting stopped at the sound of laughter from the table next to him.
When I turned my head, a woman belatedly covered her mouth and lowered her head, and the man on the other side avoided her fidgety gaze.
“Never mind.”
Siena said.
“I know how strong Mr. Quan is. The stronger she is, the more relaxed she is.”
Realizing her own weakness in Heaven, Siena also learned what the strong carry on their shoulders.
“I will cut it for you.”
Before Kuan could say anything, Siena took the plate and took it and cut the steak.
As if it had worked, the eyes of the guests were much warmer than before.
Of course, it was probably a reaction that came from a ridiculous illusion that Siena was helping the weak.
Kuan just stared at it as if possessed by a ghost.
Come to think of it, my attitude towards myself was quite different from before.
“Sensei Siena.”
Siena asked back while focusing on cutting.
“yes?”
“You don’t have to do this. I appreciate your kindness, but if you think you owe me… … .”
Quan stopped talking when he saw a piece of steak suddenly thrust out in front of his eyes.
In terms of swordsmanship, it’s an excellent stab.
When Kuan raised his gaze, Siena, whose face was as red as a carrot, could not find a place to rest her eyes and spoke.
“Do you want to eat?”
If you’re being chased by a torrent of emotions, there are times when you lose your focus and do crazy things, but now Siena was like that.
It is true that he had a crush on Kuan, but he had no intention of going so far.
Customers who sensed the atmosphere were excitedly waiting for the man’s choice.
Quan, who had been watching for a long time, smiled softly and put the meat she gave her into his mouth.
“ah… … .”
Then, after politely handing over the fork, he ignored it.
“thank you.”
If Alice had seen this scene, she would have come to the tomb and teased her, but Quan thought that was enough.
No one will criticize me for taking at least one pleasant memory with me before going on a long trip.
After the meal was over, Siena hesitated for a while in front of the moving carriage.
“I don’t think we will be able to meet often when school starts.”
“yes. You probably do. Never mind.”
Siena tilted her head, but she was also obsessed with relationships with men anyway, so she was busy trying to say something.
“If it’s okay… … Would you like to write a letter?”
“A letter?”
Kuan, who blinked at the sudden suggestion, nodded after thinking for a while.
“I see. I’ll be waiting for you.”
I could see that Siena’s face suddenly brightened, probably because she was nervous.
“yes. Then I will send you to the swordsmanship academy.”
“Swordsmanship school… … . Ah yes. I guess that will work.”
“Then, Sensei Kuan, please go home carefully.”
Siena bowed politely and climbed into the carriage.
Her face was quite flushed as she closed the door.
They get to know each other by exchanging letters with a man they didn’t even know existed until recently.
It was a thrill that he had never felt since he was in debt to Armin as a child.
Quan watched the carriage for a long time before turning to the entrance of the city.
When I entered the forest, the party that had already arrived and was waiting for me appeared.
Armin of Gwangan asked.
“Did you enjoy your meal?”
“I just settled my previous promise, I didn’t go there to enjoy it.”
Kuan said honestly.
Siena is a good person, but in the position of knowing the secrets of the world, Kuan chose to protect her rather than immediate happiness.
‘I can’t do this. I have to become stronger.’
“Hey, what’s so serious? Like someone who had a last supper.”
Miro and Arius walked out of the bushes on the other side.
Shirone, still wearing Armand’s robe, fell asleep with Arius on his back.
Miro patted Shirone on the head and said.
“Anyway, since we’re all gathered, shall we start soon? You have to wake up this kid first so you can do the next thing.”
After returning from Heaven, Miro asked Armin and Quan to help him with his work.
Armin and Kuan are rivals in a sense, but to her, both were precious talents that she could not give up.
In particular, Quan’s unique swordsmanship, which he realized in heaven, was powerful enough to change the system of swordsmanship spread throughout the world.
“Since I agreed to cooperate, I will go anywhere. Wherever my sword is needed.”
Armin asked.
“So how are you going to wake up Shirone?”
“Nothing has been decided yet. Once I talk to her and her, the answer will come out one way or another.”
“she?”
Miro said with a smile.
“Theraze, Empress of Kashan.”
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 523 - New Contract (2) 2.txt
===============================
[523] New Covenant (2)
Kashan.
A powerful empire that occupies one-third of the human realm.
Aganos, a huge palace where Theraje, the ruler of Kashan lives, was a military and cultural fortress equipped with all defense facilities against magic, law, and physical attacks, and built an independent living area.
“Wow, long time no see.”
Entering Kashan’s capital, Miro’s party looked at the castle tower of Aganos from the fountain in the city square.
The sight of hundreds of castle towers rising as if trying to stab the sky to death was absolutely spectacular.
‘Terase… … .’
During the one-year period given after being chosen as the shield of mankind, Miro traveled around the world and met various people.
Among them, the most impressive was Theraje Mystra, the Empress of Kashan.
It was the first time in my life that I officially felt weird seeing someone.
Unofficially, there would be Guffin, but he had already been erased from my head.
“Auntie, how much is this?”
Bored of waiting until the appointment time, Miro wandered around the shops surrounding the plaza and shopped.
Armin and Quan did not move in front of the fountain, and Arius followed behind the maze with Shirone covered in black cloth on his back.
“that? 2 gold.”
“yes? What does this cost 2 gold?”
What Miro chose was a bracelet made of twisted three-colored leather.
“Cowhide, horsehide, camel skin, weaved. You can buy it for a very cheap price.”
“Ah, cows, horses, camels.”
Miro placed a gold coin on the seat.
“Give it to me for 1 gold. Even if it’s leather, it’s only a rat’s tail.”
The merchant woman looked at me as if it were absurd.
“what? How precious leather is in Kashan. Can you get it at half price? Isn’t this a pure thief simbo?”
Miro made an effort to smile.
“Aunty, do you know who I am?”
“Who is the lady?”
“This is the person who came to meet Theraze. you know? queen here. That is, the state guest of the empire. But can’t you give me one of these cheaply?”
The merchant woman widened her eyes.
“Such a request! How dare you call the queen’s last name carelessly! No matter how outsiders you are, this is the capital of Kashan! Get out of here! Before reporting to the patrol!”
When the value of Theraze’s name didn’t work, Miro mobilized the last resort.
“Hey, auntie. I’m the empress, and I’m the one who protected the world for 20 years by myself! If it wasn’t for me, she wouldn’t be able to do business here!”
The merchant woman’s face was covered in shock and horror.
“Isn’t this a complete idiot? people! Quickly call the patrol here! A crazy woman has appeared!”
“What, crazy woman? This lady is really… … !”
As a commotion erupted, everyone paid attention to the stalls.
On the other hand, Quan and Armin in front of the fountain wished they were strangers.
“There is no such thing as a thunderclap.”
Armin laughed bitterly at Quan’s words.
“They say he was a famous geek since he was a student. It’s not that people’s personalities change easily.”
“… … But is it okay? I understand that the maze is a world-class secret.”
“what… … If you can buy specialties at half price.”
When Quan turned around at the joke that was not the same, Armin shrugged his shoulders shyly.
“The parties say so, what can I do?”
Quan sighed and turned to the maze as a group of soldiers walked from the entrance of the plaza with a rattling sound.
All of them were heavily armored, and their waists were studded with golden amber.
The Royal Guard of Aganos-One.
The guards guarding Theraje are divided into three groups: close, middle, and circle, which means the scope of the queen’s escort.
If they were original, they were the ones who guarded Theraje from the farthest distance, but even the sight of the castle guards appearing for the first time made the residents nervous.
“Hey, lady! If you’ve been drinking since broad daylight, go in and sleep well! Where are the small merchants?
“No, why don’t you believe me? Because I am Adrias Miro! The queen here called me!”
Arriving at the plaza, the captain of the guards sighed when he saw the woman arguing with the merchant.
“They said there was no need to look… … .”
The order Theraze delivered through the chain of command was, ‘Bring the loudest woman in the market.’
As the guards approached the stall, the merchant woman, who had come to her senses belatedly, stiffened with a pale face.
“Guardian, Royal Guard… … .”
Not the rangers, but Aganos’s Royal Guard.
What was even more frightening was that the captain of the guards came one step closer and gave Miro the best treatment.
“You are here. I was ordered to serve the Empress respectfully. I will guide you.”
“Hmm.”
Miro, who had been looking at the captain with sullen eyes, suddenly smiled and turned to the merchant woman.
The startled woman’s lips quivered.
A leather bracelet of three colors twisted like a twist fit snugly around Miro’s slender hand.
There was nothing to block Miro and his party from entering the castle of Aganos following the captain of the guards.
The ladies-in-waiting and attendants opened the way as if they were running away, and all the gates opened without even needing to knock.
The sight of the impenetrable gates opening madly, impenetrable even by the elite troops of one country, was a thrilling shock to those who had spent their entire lives in the imperial palace.
The captain withdrew at that point because the guards with the sign of amber could not go to the 20th floor.
When I went up the 20th floor through the narrow stairs, the Aganos Guard with the mark of a diamond was waiting for me.
The captain of the Praetorian Guard in white ironclad approached Quan and held out his hands politely.
“You can’t carry weapons from here. the sword… … .”
Quan didn’t even pretend to hear.
As Miro and the others turned around the corner and walked down the hallway, the captain of the guards followed without imposing any restrictions.
Upon arriving at the spire on the 23rd floor, at the end of the hallway, 10 Fungjang personnel wearing owl masks were guarding the door.
The remaining 90 members had already been dispatched to various parts of the world in search of the incarnation of Ankera.
However, the remaining 10 people were the officials of the wind farm, and the spirits of collective murder that they spewed out in the hallway were enough to suffocate even the average master to death.
“Hey, that’s terrifying. Did you spray poison gas?”
Miro, who approached with a smirk, said to the person at the head of the wind farm.
“Can you get out of the way? What’s the point of calling and blocking?”
“… … No one but you can enter.”
Hearing a voice he could never forget even after 10 years, Quan frowned.
Miro didn’t act carelessly this time either.
Even within the fortress-like Aganos, this room was special, and even Maze had a reason to enter it alone.
“Wait here for a moment. I’ll go in at once.”
As the door opened, the space in the room expanded, and Miro’s eyes gradually grew cold as he stepped forward.
The first thing I heard was the sound of the door closing, and then I saw Uorin sitting cross-legged on a chair.
“It’s been a while, Miro. It is still the same as before.”
“Is this the first time I see you?”
We know that Theraze is mitochondrial Eve.
However, it was disappointing that the person in front of him was not Mystra’s face.
“Whoops, sit down. Shall we have some tea? Or alcohol?”
“Before that, I want to talk alone. Is that why you called me separately too?”
Miro couldn’t see anyone other than Uorin anywhere in the line of sight, but it was predictable even without seeing it.
“Crouch, stay out.”
A moment of silence passed.
“are you okay. Since you’ve already been called here, you’re not at a level where you can do anything alone.”
At the same time as he finished talking, the window on the right side of the maze popped! It opened and closed quickly with a noise.
“Is that okay?”
As Miro slowly sat down on the chair across from her, Woorin, who was staring at her face, burst out laughing.
“You look like you’re dying to hit me on the cheek.”
“From the beginning… … Was it all your plan?”
Miro asked Theraje Mystra, who was still alive in Uorin’s memory.
“of course. Thanks to that, you too have escaped from the dreaded dimension wall, right? Yeah, about 20 years? How does it feel to be out in the world? Oh, that bracelet is pretty.”
“It’s not particularly bad. The world that came out after a while is also fun. but… … .”
Roaring!
The incarnation of Banya, transcending the mind, rose from Miro’s body like flames and flew towards Urin.
Guanyin’s face was benevolent, but dozens of arms wrapped around Uorin in the form of different hand signs, as if crushing them.
“You shouldn’t have touched my friend.”
He tried to go forward alone, embracing all the sins of mankind, but he unwillingly dragged in Sein and Gaold.
Gaold, who was a particularly earnest believer, became a demon and was wandering through hell even at this moment.
There is probably no human being who does not feel fear from the killing spree of mankind’s strongest banya, but Uorin knew the maze all too well.
“I know what you mean. So you don’t have to pretend to be angry. I understand how you feel, but… … .”
For the inconsiderate Banya, anger is also just an earthly emotion.
As the incarnation of Guanyin disappeared in an instant, Wu Lin looked at the cubic on her fingernail this morning and said,
“I didn’t sacrifice Gaold. Because it was something only Gaold could do. As if only you were worthy of sacrificing for humanity.”
Miro pursed his lips.
As expected, to Mitochondrial Eve, all appearances were meaningless.
Uorin, who corrected Cubic’s position, raised her head.
“Yes, I’m sure you didn’t come here to argue. Why did you want to see me?”
“You must have known?”
“Yes?”
Uorin tilted her head as if she really didn’t know.
‘She’s a really irritating woman.’
It was an unspoken suggestion that if you need help, you should take appropriate action.
“I remembered.”
The leader who guards the head of the wind field said.
“That was the prosecutor then.”
When the owl mask was removed, the face of the woman who had appeared in Quan’s nightmare was revealed.
His eyebrows were light on his snow-white face, and his sharp eyes hidden behind his thick eyelids were the same as they were 10 years ago.
The cost of refusing her offer severed his Achilles tendon and changed Quan’s life forever.
It was only natural that he would get nervous when he faced such an enemy just a few meters away.
“You are still holding the sword. I’ll admit that you have the guts to eat.”
Quan’s eyes widened when the woman made a gasping noise and reminded him of the situation in which he cut out his Achilles tendon.
At the same time, the woman’s eyes shone as if it were bizarre.
‘What is this… … ?’
The world was slowly tilting to the right.
As I leaned 10 degrees, 20 degrees, and 30 degrees, I felt as if I was going to slip, and my right foot naturally gave me strength.
‘It seems to fall.’
Kuan said quietly.
“Don’t offend me. Because I’m desperately holding back.”
I’m sure I’ve realized something.
But what kind of realization can the human temperament be so bizarrely twisted?
‘I recognized my talent at the time, but… … .’
A level different from that.
A swordsman named Quan, whose Achilles tendon was cut 10 years ago, no longer existed in this world.
‘I’ll have to catch it first.’
The woman slowly shifted her center of gravity to the left.
Then, the tilted world began to find its place, and eventually returned to a perfectly horizontal level.
‘Certainly not easy.’
The reason why Quan did not readily draw the sword even in front of the enemy who ruined his life was because the opponent was a wind commander before putting the mission first.
‘wait. One day, I’ll cut off everyone’s legs.’
Unlike Kuan, who was planning her future like that, the woman was all focused on the bizarre temperament she felt a moment ago.
‘What was it?’
Unable to contain her curiosity, the woman opened her mouth.
“you… … .”
Then Miro’s voice cut the woman’s words.
“Arius, come in.”
The woman frowned, covered her face with the owl mask again, and stepped aside.
As Arius entered the room, Uorin raised her hand.
“It’s been a while, Arius.”
They met at Kazura Castle, but their circumstances were very different from that time.
Uo-rin, who was a princess of a country, became a member of the Three Emperors, and a grave robber of 7 demons became a faithful servant of Miro, the strongest banya.
“Lay it down on the table.”
As Miro grabbed the end of the cloth and pulled it back, Shirone, wearing Armand’s robe, closed her eyes as if she had fallen asleep.
‘Shirone… … .’
In a short moment, Uorin’s eyes turned friendly.
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 524 - New Contract (3).txt
===============================
[524] New Covenant (3)
“Shirone. Of course you know.”
Miro felt rather creepy from Uorin’s friendly gaze that passed by for a moment.
From a biological point of view, a mother’s benevolence is expressed because she thinks the child is hers.
Uorin’s expression could be said to be the pinnacle of possessive desire that transcended desire.
Uorin skillfully hid her emotions behind her words.
“The fact that you are incapacitated.”
The information brought by Cage Team B is already flowing in little by little to various parts of the world in the name of spying.
And the first place to encounter the intelligence was the temple.
Miro slapped Shirone on the forehead.
“As you can see, he is unconscious. That the taste is completely gone. I was wondering if you could wake up Shirone.”
Uorin crossed her legs reluctantly.
“Why should I? The role of Shirone is over when Mirone returns. It’s not a greeting that’s so important that you have to go through the trouble of returning it.”
Miro raised an eyebrow.
“Why are you like this, players? Shirone’s role is over, but “”” still exists, right? Shirone’s ability, you will need it, right?”
“There is a difference between needing and helping. I can take a Shirone whenever I want.”
“Is it really so? No matter how hard you are, Armand’s chastity belt can’t be easily removed. This will never work out.”
Armand will not be released from Shirone until the price of the Valhalla action is fully paid.
After Miro’s confident response, Uorin finally decided that there was room for negotiation and broke her stubbornness.
“good. what’s the problem? If it doesn’t matter, I’ll stop. No matter what time it is, I just need to occupy Shirone.”
“Questions are resolved as the Queen likes, and Shirone is currently paying the price for the Valhalla action.”
“Valhalla action?”
Based on the information she heard from Gaold and others, Miro reported the situation Shirone was in.
It was fortunate that Flew knew the details of the Valhalla action mechanism.
After hearing the story, Uorin nodded.
“Surely, it deserves courage. It is the power of an angel. So Shirone can use both abilities?”
“The Valhalla action is installed on Armand. It won’t matter since you’re united with Shirone anyway, but it’s probably different for you.”
The reason why he gave Armand as a gift to Shirone was not only to clear the debt, but also to develop his skills even a little and inherit the ability at once.
That’s why it was unfortunate that the angel’s ability, which is listed as the highest level in Valkyrie, was attached to a mere weapon.
Uorin, who had put aside her regrets, asked.
“So, what exactly is the price to pay?”
Arius said.
“I did a dive and researched it, and it seems to be about 127 years old.”
“It far exceeds the average human lifespan.”
Since Shirone is now 19 years old, it was said that she could only wake up when she was 146 years old.
“that’s right. By then, everything will be over. But Ikael said that was the hint to get Shirone back.”
Having said that, Miro looked at Urin’s reaction.
If she was thinking the same as he was, she was sure to think of something.
“Hmm, that’s right.”
Uorin tilted her upper body and spread three fingers.
“I think there are three ways to get Shirone back.”
“Hoo?”
It was a higher number than expected.
“The fact that the Valhalla action has been triggered means that the law of causation has been established. But Shirone paid far more than the payment limit. That’s the point.”
Arius intervened.
“Payment is impossible, but it means payment has been made.”
“okay. It can be inferred because it is not something that can happen normally. In my opinion, Valhalla Action seems to have secured something from Shirone in the calculation of causality.”
“Collateral?”
“When I heard the description of Valhalla Action, the first thought that came to my mind was ‘unfair’. Of course, it must have been a conclusion drawn by feeding the uncertainty of the future with interest, but even so, it makes no sense to lend out the results of 127 years without collateral. So, in my opinion, it is not a matter of longevity.”
Arius said.
“It’s about time.”
“okay. It is impossible to extend the lifespan of a human being. But when it comes to time, the story is different. like… … .”
Uorin pointed to the maze.
“Like you.”
Miro pursed his lips and asked.
“20 years ago, exactly 19 years. You haven’t aged a bit since then. Why?”
“well? Am I too young?”
I said it like a joke, but my heart was different.
Uorin pointed out a possibility that had been floating around in her head ever since she heard Ikael’s hint.
“Of course, seekers like you might be able to sufficiently slow down biological activity through mental training. But for 20 years on the dimensional wall, you haven’t eaten or slept. How is that possible?”
Because I knew the answer would be that.
But the problem was, no one in the world knew how he came to know it.
“Maclein Guffin.”
Wu Lin said.
“Miro, the dimensional wall existed even before you. And that blocked Heaven’s forces. After that, Guffin disappeared and you were dropped. You are the successor to Guffin. It’s just that you can’t recall it because it’s been erased, but you must have met Guffin.”
Miro’s gaze shifted to Shirone.
“And what that Guffin passed on to me is also passed on to Shirone?”
Uorin raised her head and recalled.
“As I entered the third reset, the Great Purification, I had a question. Why did Ikael teach Ataraxia to Shirone? Also, why did Shirone’s incarnation from heaven have angel wings? And finally… … .”
Uorin glared at Arius.
“Why was Shirone’s mother’s mind equipped with the Guffin’s security device?”
“How can I… … .”
Arius was the only one who entered the depths of Shirone.
Also, he has never revealed this to anyone except Miro, whom he follows.
Miro said with a soft frown.
“I figured it out after the reset.”
“okay. Living through the great purification period, I will meet Arius and Kazura again. Arius, who failed to steal Ataraxia, was chased by a walker and escaped with apoptosis. Secretly extracted information at the time. remember? The sleep magic you used to put Shirone to sleep.”
Masters of sleep magic can cut a target’s consciousness like a knife and connect memories without even realizing they are asleep.
Recalling that time, Arius swallowed his silence, as if he could guess something.
If he had even observed the scene where he installed the door to Shirone, it would be safe to say that there was nothing she didn’t know.
Miro glared at Uorin with mischievous eyes.
‘This is annoying, Theraze.’
Shirone and Miro were very few cases throughout the world that were connected to the name of the Guffin.
But the problem is that Uorin will be the same.
‘I’m sure I know.’
There is no way that Theraje, who has experienced human history three times, does not have a sense of déjà vu about guffins.
He may be the only person among humans who can remember the appearance of a guffin.
but.
‘I will never tell you.’
It is a secret that only Theraze knows.
Until he opened his mouth, he would not be able to dig out the truth in any way.
Miro gave up and turned his attention to Shirone’s problem.
“Editorial is over, tell me first. Three ways to get Shirone back.”
“The first method is very simple and easy.”
Uorin raised a finger and said.
“Kill Shirone.”
“Hmm.”
Miro nodded his head in agreement.
“If you’re sure you have collateral, killing Shirone is the easiest solution. If that happens, anything will happen. If you’re lucky, you might die and come back to life.”
Miro, who had been resting his chin on it, raised his head in surprise.
“Is there such a case?”
“About three times in all of human history.”
“Extremely thin.”
“But it is the simplest way. Even if you die, it doesn’t really matter, right? It’s a pity for me too, but I don’t have much regret when I weigh it against the effort of waking it up again.”
“It doesn’t.”
It has the advantage of being able to see the solution most quickly, so killing Shirone and waiting for the results was also a good way.
“Shall we listen to the second one? It’s never too late to make a judgment then.”
“The second way is to make Shirone pay his debts himself. This has to do with collateral.”
“indeed. But how do you make a choice under a moratorium?”
“We will have to prepare a separate method for that. But if you can use the second method, the third method is better.”
“What about the third?”
“Have someone else pay the debt for you.”
“Oh my… … .”
“The cause and effect of the Valhalla action is definitely Shirone’s. However, the collateral linking that cause and effect is not Shirone’s. So, the collateral… … .”
Both women said at the same time.
“It can be transferred to someone.”
Uorin leaned on her chin and looked back at the wall.
“Eating out of the rules. object. Maybe you need both. Ability to circumvent the moratorium. The ability to extract and transfer magic. If you have these two functions, you might be able to wake Shirone.”
Miro, thinking of someone, pouted her lips.
“Um… … It is outside the rules.”
“You seem to have a guess.”
“Well, can’t you just look out for me?”
“I will cooperate, but I refuse to lean on you. Besides, the maze of the Adrias family wouldn’t be too far away, right?”
When Uorin questioned dubiously, Miro realized that she already had everything figured out, and licked her lips.
“You’re so mean.”
“Extract the collateral. I’ll find someone to hand it over to.”
“It’s 127 years. Can you clear it up?”
“If about 10 archmages divide it, we should be able to pay it back within a year. If that doesn’t work, we can hire 20 people.”
Miro laughed.
“Anyway, sincerity? Sometimes killing is the simplest way.”
“It is still the same. Hiring 20 archmages is okay, but it’s like throwing away their abilities. No matter how much I covet Shirone, I don’t think Shirone has that much value.”
“okay? But why?”
Uorin shrugged as if it didn’t matter.
“You are cute. I like this style.”
Miro’s eyes curved in a pretentious manner.
‘liar.’
She guessed why Uorin chose the third method over the easy one.
To find out what collateral Shirone has.
If the collateral was related to the Guffin, it would be cheap even with 20 archmages.
‘This is an unfinished treasure chest.’
Miro, who had organized his thoughts up to that point, stood up.
Then, Arius hurriedly wrapped Shirone in a black cloth and placed her on his back.
It was a busy time, so I couldn’t afford to delay.
“Then I’ll take care of the extraction. Prepare for the sheep.”
“Call me if you need anything. As long as it’s a contract, I’ll help you with anything.”
“Yes. I will.”
Miro happily waved his hand and left the room, followed by Arius carrying Shirone.
Outside the door, the leader of Fengzhang looked around the room for a while, checked on the master’s safety, and carefully closed the door.
At the same time, Uorin’s smiling face turned cold in an instant.
“Because the more debts you get rid of, the better.”
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 525 - Helpers (1) 4.txt
===============================
[525] Helper (1)
If a family is in the top 20 in the business world of Tormia Kingdom, it can be said that it has a top rank recognized on the continent.
For example, Dante’s Airhain family established a company called Airhain Shipping and built a transportation network that connects the continent as well as the South and the Middle East, accounting for 7% of the world’s cargo volume, and was the 14th largest business leader.
This may be the result of the military and political efforts of the kingdom of Tormia, which has maintained its position as a diplomatic neutral country for a long time, but among such families, there was one family that grew in a unique way.
It was the Ardino family that Miro was currently going to.
Unlike other families who live in splendid mansions in the city, I could feel their secret just by having their head family deep in the underground mountains surrounding the capital Baska to the north.
“It is quite deep.”
Arius, who was following Miro with Shirone on his back, spoke with his tongue out.
Armin and Kuan were carrying out other missions using their own organs, so Arius was the only one accompanying Miro.
“Because they weren’t originally from a merchant family.”
The more I felt that I was getting closer to my hometown, the more Miro’s expression got worse than before.
Miro was also a human being, so it was not a change in emotion that is often seen in the free-spirited Banya.
“Are you concerned? I am a little surprised.”
“The Ardino family has a different temperament from other merchant families.”
“I came across the seal of Ardino publishing house often while studying magic. Still, I think it’s great to be ranked 20th in the business world based on book sales alone.”
“It’s not just compilation. Being able to translate, proofread, and even revise private books other than official publications of the Society means that you have vast magical knowledge.”
“It’s fortunate for Shirone.”
Miro walked the mountain path again.
“okay. But that’s not what I meant when I said that my temper was different.”
Arius lifted his blinded eyes.
“The Ardino family is a branch from the Adrias family a long time ago.”
“As for Adrias… … .”
“It’s my family name.”
The Adrias family, which boasts a long history, has been known for its asceticism for generations.
Although they are nobles, they do not collect a penny of wealth, and the families live in the mountains with minimal water and food.
It was not strange that a genius named Miro emerged from such an environment.
What we seek is the ultimate stability that transcends desires and passions.
Their insight penetrates the principles of the world and transcends borders and races to teach without discrimination.
That’s why even in the kingdom, the Adrias family, which is not helpful at all in national activities, dares to go down to the title and nail down their belonging to their own country.
“Then one day, someone from my ancestors began to feel skeptical about the ascetic life.”
Arius, who enjoyed the pleasures of the world to his heart’s content as a 7 Magician, fully understood.
“I guess so. I don’t think I can live.”
“Of course, there was a unanimous vote against it in the family. Then, the ancestors left the family, made a new name, and permeated into society. That is the current Ardino family. Adrias built his wealth using his unique knowledge and insight, and is now a mega-top of the 20th rank in the business world. But in reality, most of their main income comes through the dark route.”
“If it’s the dark route… … ?”
“Magic. Because it is currently the most profitable business in the world and it is an area that no one can step into. After all, the publishing business is just a veneer.”
Arius realized why Miro’s expression was not good.
“In other words, those families are related. After all, the same blood flows.”
“It wasn’t particularly bad. Of course, public criticism fell on the Ardino family, but there was no particular friction between us. Worldly philosophy is also necessary for the world, and at that time, the Ardino family did not collect dark funds.”
“Are you saying it’s different now?”
Miro squinted one eye, tsk, and clicked his tongue.
“I only found out this time, but everything started to go wrong after I entered Istas and created a dimensional wall. When I talk about the 20 judges, most of them focus on me, but there was more going on outside of my eyes.”
“I guess so. Because it was an event that determined the existence of mankind.”
I just didn’t try to look back because it was less important than the maze, but the 20 judges were decided and the impact that spread throughout the world would have been enormous.
“The Adrias family saved mankind. When this proposition was established, relatively Ardino was bombarded with criticism. It is natural for the hooligans to talk, and there must have been serious business and political conflicts. A mistress who sold her soul for money. A fugitive who betrayed humanity. Well, I must have been under a lot of stress because of this and that. Then, eventually, he started dabbling in dark funds.”
“Maybe he resents Miro?”
“well. It’s because I’m seeing you for the first time in almost 20 years. Anyway, you’ll know when you go.”
After hiking for about 30 minutes, the two arrived at the Ardino family.
The building assimilated with nature was the only remaining evidence of Adrias’ temperament before branching out.
The iron gate was not maintained, so it was tangled with vines and was not even locked.
Miro walked to the dreary building and knocked hard on the iron handle of the wooden door.
Soon after, the door opened and a middle-aged man with an empty cowtail opened the door.
“what? Today’s reservation guest… … .”
The man who found the smiling maze turned pale as if he had seen a ghost.
“you… … you… … .”
“It’s been a while, Enrique oppa.”
Ardino Enrique.
He was the current head of the Ardino family and a cousin who often hung out with Miro when he was young.
“Miro, are you really Miro?”
Enrique’s eyes, unable to hide his surprise, suddenly calmed down.
“Yeah, I thought it might be like this one day. Was it faster than I expected?”
“It’s bullshit. A person who has no insight.”
Enrique smacked his lips.
“Yeah, I thought I was dead. After all, you are not old at all.”
“My brother got more hungry. Whoa, look at these flesh wobbling. What are you going to do with these?”
“This, this… … !”
Enrique’s blushing face, with his stomach fat caught, showed a glimpse of his youth, even for a moment.
However, as expected, years were years, and after a long absence, a sense of distance was evident in their eyes.
“Why are you here?”
“It’s sad. Is that something you would say to someone who has returned after 20 years?”
“It’s like that since I came back after 20 years.”
Despite the unspoken pressure to return, Miro rather kept her seat to the point where the other person was embarrassed.
Looking at her eyes, Enrique eventually turned to the house with a click on his tongue.
“Come in. Go eat some rice.”
After entering the mansion, Miro laughed at the scenery that hadn’t changed from 20 years ago.
“What is this? They said it was a huge rejection.”
“It is not easy. Not only the upper ranks, but now the kingdom is watching too. Now that Adrias is gone, it’s Ardino’s turn.”
The sadness lingered on Miro’s face for a moment, and then he left.
Enrique, who was lying fat on the old leather sofa, took out a cigarette and the lady-in-waiting served tea.
“I came because I have a business.”
“It’s a maze.”
Enrique nervously extinguished the cigarette he had only taken a sip of, and leaned forward.
“Can’t we just eat and go? Because it’s me, I’m talking to you like this. Everyone in the family hates you. Please, I beg you, just go.”
“But you’re the brother who goes there, aren’t you? The head of household says that, but who can say what?”
“ha.”
Enrique buried himself in the backrest as if tired.
“Yeah, you’ve been selfish since before. No matter how much I tried, you didn’t listen.”
“Still, it was fun because of me, right?”
Enrique, who had been lost in thought while looking up at the ceiling, burst out laughing.
“Okay, what’s your business?”
“Where is ‘Geumdong’? Is it vacation time now?”
Enrique raised an eyebrow.
“My son? Why is that child suddenly looking for him? He’s a mediocre guy who hasn’t even graduated yet.”
“I heard you. So I thought my aunt would give me some lessons.”
Miro smiled meaningfully while Enrique mumbled and thought.
Anyway, he is the head of the Ardino family.
There was no way that a person with great financial power and personal connections would not know that Miro had returned from heaven.
“I don’t know what happened, but my son is in a room on the second floor. It hasn’t come down at all since a few days ago.”
“I’ll come see you.”
As long as he understood the atmosphere of the Ardino family, he thought that there would be nothing good if he procrastinated.
As Miro led Arius up the stairs, he heard the sound of lighting a cigarette on the sofa.
“… … What are you going to do now?”
With the stairs ahead, the maze turned around.
The expression on Enrique’s face, who could not see it, but was exhaling cigarette smoke, was as serious as ever.
“Miro, you know now, right? No matter how strong you are, in the end the world will only use you.”
After a moment of hesitation, Enrique continued.
“Change your last name. Come on ardino. Then I will take responsibility and protect you.”
Miro turned away as if it wasn’t worth listening to.
“It’s what I chose.”
“Are you still rationalizing like that!”
Enrique jumped up.
“Honestly, I was surprised when you came to see me! I’m not surprised that you’re back! You should have looked into it! The entire Adrias clan has been purged! You broke the only promise you made!”
“It is also a family choice.”
Enrique beat his chest as if frustrated.
“How can you be so cruel? Do you really have no desire for revenge and no resentment towards the world? Since you saved humanity, our family is under pressure too! Do you know why? The world is afraid of us! They only used it to survive, but on the other hand, they are afraid that the second and third labyrinths will come out! That’s why the Adrias family disappeared, and that’s why our family went under the water!”
Enrique turned around the sofa and approached Miro.
“You shouldn’t expect too much from humans. It spits out all kinds of sweet words when it is needed, but when it is not needed, it becomes more cruel than any creature. Are you saying that the time you sacrificed for such people is not wasted?”
“Not worth it.”
Miro slowly raised his head and looked back at Enrique with a smile.
“Because that’s Adrias.”
Enrique was lethargic.
They were originally of the same blood, so how could they be so different?
“… … Don’t tell me to bake a meat pie. Come down when you’re done.”
It was Miro’s favorite food.
When Enrique turned around and disappeared into the living room, Miro climbed the stairs and entered a hallway that turned at right angles.
The hallway, with its wooden planks on the floor, smelled of antiques.
Recalling memories of the past, Miro arrived in the fourth room and smiled mischievously instead of knocking.
“Golden Dong! what are you doing?”
When I opened the door and entered, a tall, handsome man was washing experiment tools on a simple lab table.
He calmly turned his head to the appearance of an uninvited guest, but his eyes wavered the moment he saw Miro.
Miro, for the first time, realized the gap of 20 years when he did not exist.
“Hey, have you really grown up? do you remember me?”
“this… … Someone said it.”
The man who dumped the Erlenmeyer flask into the sink gave it a toast and gave it a beautiful smile.
“Long time no see, Auntie.”
It was Ardino Fermi, the first in Alpheas Magic School.
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

