===============================
Chapter - 326 - Second Outing (4) 2.txt
===============================
[326] Second outing (4)
“10 silver for 10 snowballs, 1 silver for each? It is very expensive.”
It was a culture shock for Shirone, who grew up in the mountains from a young age and never experienced anything like a festival.
But Amy took it for granted.
“Because tourist destination products have a premium. Besides, that stuffed toy of the Ice Queen is quite famous. It’s strategically made by the borough, and you can’t get it outside of the winter festival. The types of dolls are different every year, so there is even a collection.”
“Oh, is that so?”
Shirone’s eyes sparkled.
If it was a festival limited edition, it was only natural that the price would rise over time.
If he could win the game, paying 10 silver for 10 snowballs would not be a bad business.
“Okay, I’ll try. I’m looking forward to it.”
Shirone paid 10 silver.
“Give me 10 snowballs.”
“Here comes another brave man. May the ice queen’s protection rest upon you.”
I don’t think anything good will happen with the blessing of the Ice Queen, but I thought it would be because her character itself is a tourist product.
Shirone was handed a box containing snowballs.
When I entered the game room, there was someone who challenged me first. While I was waiting, I picked up and touched a lump of snow in a box, and when I touched it, it was thick and heavy with water mixed with it.
‘Um, this should be enough range, right?’
Throwing itself is not a problem.
However, when I looked at the challenger, I was able to send snowballs to the spire on the other side only through a hole in the wall.
Since the throwing angle is limited, it is not easy to produce ball power, and the accuracy will be considerably lower.
“Whoa, is it surprisingly difficult?”
The challenger who failed the challenge stepped back wiping his sweat.
Those who visit the annual winter festival know how difficult it is to ride the Ice Queen’s collection, so they’re not disappointed.
Following the moderator’s guidance, Shirone entered the game room and put down the box next to her, holding up a snowball.
He measured the distance by rolling it with his finger, and threw the snowball with all his might while opening his body wide.
The snowball passed through the window and fell down under the force of gravity, breaking the wall below the watchtower.
I could hear the delightful laughter of the tourists.
Normally, Shirone would have laughed, but seeing Amy staring at her, her face flushed.
Unwilling to look back at her, he hurriedly took up the next snowball and analyzed his failure.
‘I can’t raise the angle, so I can’t get the old power. This is much harder than I thought.’
Well, since it was a game with a festival limited edition as a prize, it probably wasn’t designed for anyone to succeed.
“profit… … !”
Shirone clenched her teeth and threw a snowball.
I was able to narrowly match the distance, as if there was a result of my determination. However, the snowball passed the soldier’s target and fell somewhere far away.
“Whoa! Whoa!”
Shirone, who had come to the trouble, threw snowballs in succession.
Since I had the experience of succeeding in Thunderstruck at once, I thought that if I reduced the error little by little, I would succeed in the end.
But I realized it when I threw five.
‘Isn’t it more difficult than thundering?’
The rules are simple, but it was never a random game.
It was made to look like anyone could succeed, and the throwing angle and distance were skillfully adjusted, making it impossible for anyone other than a natural strong goal or professional to succeed.
After throwing 10 snowballs, Shirone gasped.
Even in the cold weather, my body was hot and sweat beaded on my forehead. She couldn’t even take off her coat because she was wearing Armand.
Shirone shyly bit his tongue and went back to Amy.
“Ugh, sorry. It failed.”
“What do you have to be sorry for? It’s just a game. Anyway, that would be really difficult.”
Through Shirone’s challenge, Amy guessed that the difficulty level of the game was the highest.
Analyzing with Hong’s Eye, there were not many routes that could reach the target if all forces, gravity, and air friction were calculated.
“ha ha ha! Failed spectacularly. Those who are students of magic school. I’m going to die of embarrassment.”
Shirone and Amy looked back at the same time. The muddy-haired boy approached with a sneer.
In the back, a tall, curly-haired young man and a girl with heavy make-up stood arrogantly as if defending the rear.
“Long time no see, Amy.”
Zokre held out his hand, and Amy stood motionless for a long time, lost in thought.
After entering magic school, I didn’t really know anyone other than my school friends.
Especially if it’s a man.
“Hey, I’m sorry… … who are you?”
Zokre’s face crumpled.
How could he not remember himself?
Even if he refused, it should have been an unforgettable memory to have been confessed to by someone.
At least Zokre thought so.
To be honest, I’ve never been confessed to by a woman, but if that happened, I was confident that I would make it a point of pride for the rest of my life.
“You don’t know, are you pretending not to know? Zocre. Alpheas Magic School. Do you really not know?”
“Zocre? Zocre… … .”
Amy, who had been mumbling, opened her eyes wide and pointed at Zocre.
“Ah ah ah ah ah! wow! You are really old.”
It didn’t look welcoming, but the exaggerated surprise made Zocre shrug his shoulders in front of his friends.
The person who recognizes her is none other than the world’s Karmis Amy.
However, it wasn’t that he approached to solve a quarrel with his alumni, so he raised his chin and lowered his gaze.
“Hey, shouldn’t we formally greet each other?”
“huh? what greetings?”
Zocre ran his arm through his friends behind him and pointed at himself with his thumb.
“From what I hear, it looks like you’re still in school, but we’re full-time wizards. In other words, he is an unofficial 10th level wizard.”
official wizard.
Amy’s heart skipped a beat. At the age of twelve, she entered the Alpheas Magic School, a word she had never left her mind for a moment until now.
Praying that her face would not freeze, Amy held out her hand to Zokre.
“I see. congratulations. I graduated after all.”
At the time, Amy was thirteen. Few memories of Jockre remain, but when he fled from one school to another, the feeling of contempt for him was as clear as ever.
A smile spread across Zokre’s lips.
Amy’s poker face was perfect, but I could see her heart without opening her chest.
The world-recognized genius of the Karmis family is watching him in the position of failing the graduation exam, so he must feel resentful.
‘Hey, how are you? The feeling when you kicked me was much more miserable than this.’
Zocre turned his gaze to Shirone, who was standing in a daze.
“You see a celebrity here. Ariane Shirone. He said he was the best prospect in the kingdom?”
Shirone remained silent for the time being. He was aware of the fact that he did not approach with a friendly mind.
“As a senior, can I give you some advice? Prospects are only prospects after all. The true victory comes after becoming a formal wizard. Well, if you’re good enough, you’re quite successful for an idiot. ha ha ha!”
Amy shouted with an angry face.
“Zocre! What do you mean? Apologize to Shirone quickly!”
“why me? I didn’t even say anything wrong. Oh, was it an open secret? But giving up will be good for your mental health. that have already been published in academic journals. There is no one among the students who does not know.”
“okay? Then, shall I say what comes out of my mouth? Are you sure you’ll be okay?”
Zokre’s eyes widened. He didn’t know what he was trying to say, but he couldn’t help being pricked.
‘Amy… … .’
Reunited after 5 years, Amy has grown into a much prettier girl than when she was young.
Her hair was permed, which was not seen in academic journals, and she chose clothes in a bright and cute style. It was a well-decorated outfit no matter who saw it.
‘Sheesh! It must be something that only Shirone can see, right?’
Amy was the female student who occupied the most shares among the male students at Eins Magic School.
In terms of the kingdom as a whole, the number would have increased significantly.
When she thought of putting on makeup for only one person and carefully choosing pretty clothes, she felt like she lost to Shirone even without fighting.
‘I’m sorry, Amy. How can you date a commoner if you’re not crazy? No matter how good his skills are, he’s just a student.’
Seeing Shirone frowning, unable to resist even after being insulted for being a lowly citizen, made him even more annoyed.
‘It’s worth asking, but you don’t say a word? Are you ignoring it? No, he must have been intimidated by the word official wizard. A boy hides behind a woman, pathetically… … Tsk tsk.’
Zokre was mistaken.
To Shirone, who fought against Bossun, a certified 4th-class magician, the courage of being an official magician was not much of a threat.
The reason Shirone was frowning was not Zocre, but Armand, who was wearing it around his waist.
The human spirit flows like water.
And Armand’s rated control was such a delicate function that the synchro rate with the owner’s mind approached 100%.
If you do not perfectly control your emotions, Armand will move before you can control your mind.
That’s why it’s a magic sword.
Of course, it would have had nothing to do with the former owner, Jion. It’s enough to get rid of it as your feelings go.
However, Shirone had to continue her school life normally.
As a commoner, he could fall into an irreversible situation if he committed murder.
More than anything else, the problem was that after returning to Kazura, it was difficult to control my emotions like before.
The Demon God Behemoth was imprisoned in the seal, but it is connected to Shirone’s spirit through the keyword of anger.
If his emotions escalated to the point where he couldn’t control them, Armand would slit his opponent’s throat without even having time to reconsider his thoughts.
‘Did you just come out with a car? I’ll have to be more careful in the future.’
When Zocre finally saw Shirone, who couldn’t fight back, he clicked his tongue and pointed to the game hall and said to Amy.
“It seems that not all academic journals are believed. I can’t give my girlfriend a doll as a present. Can we demonstrate?”
Amy shrugged.
It’s a game that anyone can play if you pay money, but what else can you do without giving permission?
“Yeah, do it if you want.”
Zocre and the others entered the game arena.
Apparently aware of Shirone’s challenge, Vivian deliberately spoke so that she could hear.
“Guys, if you ride the ice queen, you must give it to me.”
“Try it once. Well, it would be easy for Ludvans.”
The moderator handed over a box of snowballs. The person who paid the money was Jocre, but the person who received the box was Lud Barnes.
Zocre turned to Shirone and Amy, who were watching with interest, and pointed at Ludvans.
“Lud Barnes is our school’s representative pitching player. You can look forward to it.”
Helm is a combat sport that originated in ancient warfare. It is a game in which teams of 5 players hit the opponent with a rubber ball in a covered arena.
Among amateurs, it is a game that even children can enjoy, but when it goes up to the level of semi-professionals such as school competitions, the velocity of the fastball approaches 160 km/h.
In addition to the tactics using three-cushion, various breaking balls were developed, so it was a sport full of excitement and high risk of injury.
Ludbarns was the ace of the school, and the Eins pitching team was strong enough to reach the quarterfinals in the national competition last year.
“where… … Shall we start exploring?”
Ludvans’ attitude was distinctly different from that of ordinary people. There was a mechanism for each section of his movement, and as they were connected smoothly, he was creating the best ball power.
As I swung my arms forward as if falling over, there was a pop and the sound of the wind burst and the snowball flew away.
When it hit the target accurately, Vivian called out for joy.
“Good! Success at once! After all, he is the ace of our school!”
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 327 - Second Outing (5).txt
===============================
[327] Second outing (5)
But it was too early to like it. This is because the target she was about to fall over came back with an exclamation.
“Sorry! The first edition failed!”
Vivian stared at the pendulum pendulum in bewilderment, then raised her axe eye and argued with the moderator.
“Why are you failing? You were right.”
“No no. You said you had to knock down the target.”
“Isn’t this a net scam?”
“haha! is it a scam? New to the winter festival? This is a fact that everyone knows. Besides, what collection is this? If you sell it later, it’s a doll worth more than 1 gold.”
Zocre turned to Ludvans and asked.
“It looks like there is a spring attached underneath. can you do it?”
“what… … There are still nine feet left.”
Putting the snowball in a convenient position, Ludbarns looked at the target and thought.
‘You made the angle ambiguous. After all, is there no choice but to compete with a fastball?’
After that, I threw all the remaining 9 snowballs in 10 minutes.
Ludvans, who had taken on the challenge with the attitude of a day-to-day marriage, was still expressionless, but beads of sweat formed on his forehead and steam was rising from his head.
“Sorry. I think I’ll just have to do it one more time.”
The challenge was a failure.
It hit the 2nd and 3rd balls in succession, but failed to hit the 4th, 5th, and 6th balls.
It was not easy even for a semi-professional to hit the target with maximum power at a distance farther than the stadium.
He hit all the snowballs fiercely from the 7th pitch, but the target did not fall.
Shirone got a hint from there.
‘You have to use elasticity to pass it. Somehow I thought it was strange that the spring was installed on the target.’
When the force of the pendulum motion remains, if the target is hit continuously, the elasticity gradually becomes stronger. Then, after passing the critical point, it was a structure that could not overcome the weight and collapsed.
The accuracy of Ludvans, who scored 7 out of 10, is great, but it failed because the force was not applied continuously.
“Amy, how about a challenge?”
“huh? I?”
Amy looked back at Shirone in surprise.
In fact, there was no way that the mischievous woman wouldn’t have her hands itching in front of such a fun game. But usually, men were trying to put some strength on their shoulders in front of women, so I just watched.
‘Aha, is this because of such a situation?’
He seemed to understand Shirone’s intentions. The person who should put strength on his shoulders right now is himself.
‘In that case, there is no need to remove it.’
Amy walked over to the moderator and paid 10 silver.
If Ludbarns was the pitching student representative, Amy was a matter of pride as a future sniper.
“I am also challenged. Ten silver here.”
“Oh, it’s been a while since I’ve had a female challenger? But, lady, the soldiers of the watchtower are not bewitched by beauty. But I’ll give you another snowball as a bonus, so try your best.”
“No, that’s all right. 10 is enough.”
“haha! What a brave girl! Everyone, give this courageous young lady a round of applause!”
Applause erupted from the onlookers when a slender girl, wondering if she could throw a snowball to the watchtower, took on the challenge.
Amy wet her lips with her tongue and held the snowball in her hand. Her eyes reddened as she recalled the current state of her memory.
“Young car.”
When I swung my arm around in a dainty motion, the snowball crashed like an unexploded bullet.
The friendly laughter of the tourists burst out.
But Shirone held her breath and watched. Amy’s true value had just begun.
Unlike the first ball, Amy, who was properly posed, stared at the target.
Information from self-image memory corrected the error and made the brain sense the correct trajectory.
Through the basic build of the schema, strengthening her muscles, she firmly gripped the snowball, widened her stride and swung her arms wide.
The eyes of the onlookers widened when the snowball, which flew at a speed similar to Ludvans’ restraint, hit the target.
Amy saved the status of the second sphere again in Hongan. Then he mechanically threw the 3rd, 4th and 5th pitches.
Each time the snowball hit the target, the shaking of the target increased, and finally it could not stand the 8th pitch and fell over with a twang.
“Wow! passed! The girl passed the target!”
“Girl, are you an athlete? Really great?”
Amy sighed and looked up at the ceiling.
When I played it myself, it was definitely a game with a high level of difficulty. Even if a schema user came, it would be difficult for anyone who had not trained their sensory system.
Of course, if you were a master of the schema, you could pass the target with one shot with the power of a cannon, but such a person would not act rude just to receive a doll at a festival.
The moderator happily handed over prizes to those who succeeded in the challenge.
Amy received the Ice Queen’s doll, thanked the people who supported her, and held it up like a trophy.
Looking at the Ice Queen’s doll smiling in the shape of a half moon, Vivian put on a sad expression.
“Ah, I wish. I wanted to have that.”
Shirone and Amy were walking away excitedly, not even remembering that Zocre and the others were there.
said Ludbarns.
“… … I’m kind of annoyed.”
Zocre felt the same way.
“Hey, since I was little, I only knew myself. Because of that kind of personality, I failed the graduation exam. You say you were beaten up. So, there are only people who can get along with.”
It was after they had already arrived on the first floor that Shirone and Amy remembered Zokrae and the others.
I had no desire to go back. Because they weren’t the ones who approached me with good feelings from the beginning.
Amy hugged the Ice Queen’s doll to her chest and rubbed her cheeks, feeling the gentle touch.
“Hi-Hi! Very cute.”
Shirone was happy just to watch.
Contrary to her outward personality, she liked cute dolls. Wasn’t there actually a lot of teddy bears in her room?
‘I’m glad it’s an ordinary taste.’
I sincerely thought so.
Uorin’s collection, like El Crouch’s porcelain dolls, is not something worth collecting unless it’s a bad taste.
“Since I gave away 20 silver and won, even if I assume that I only receive 1 gold, I have earned 80 silver.”
“haha! it’s your idea But isn’t it past time to argue about that? The richest person in magic school.”
“The best rich man? I?”
Amy pointed to Shirone’s coat.
“Armand. I heard that the value of stolen goods alone exceeds 2 billion gold? If so, wouldn’t it be at least doubled at the auction? In a word, you are hanging around our entire school right now.”
Realizing that, Shirone blinked.
Since the amount was so beyond common sense, he couldn’t even think of estimating the value of the sword.
When I thought that I was walking through a crowd of people wearing an S-class object worth over 4 billion gold, I suddenly felt like my side wearing a sword was stiff.
‘What if someone steals it? No, since they share their mind, there’s no way they’ll get stolen.’
Amy carefully put the Ice Queen’s doll in her bag. She said as Shirone, who was watching, pointed outside her.
“It’s hot from playing games, so let’s go out to cool off.”
“huh. I need to get some fresh air too. Shall we skate? I heard that the ice is really good here.”
Shirone happily nodded.
It reminded me of playing happily in the ice lake with the skates my father made for me when I was little.
“good! Then let’s go to the skating rink!”
Battle Mage’s Philosophy (1)
There were many lovers at the skating rink.
Shirone and Amy skated by joining the current that circled the rink’s outer perimeter.
The cold winter wind blew fresh.
While sliding on the ice following the person in front of her, Amy was able to forget her worries in reality for a moment.
However, the good mood disappeared the moment he saw Zokre and his party enter the skating rink.
Not joining the flow, they performed their skating stunts in the center of the rink.
It wasn’t against the rules, but Amy didn’t like even that, probably because she was already stuck with hate.
“what? Did you follow me all the way here?”
“He must have come to skate. don’t mind.”
Amy didn’t want to get entangled with Zokre’s group.
Every time I saw them proudly passing the graduation exam and enjoying their time together, it felt like the scars of dropping out were growing.
“it’s okay. Let us just avoid it. I’ve cooled down anyway, and I want to look around other places.”
“Is that so? okay.”
Shirone and Amy pushed the blades of their skates and made their way toward the exit.
“hey! Are you going already?”
When Shirone turned around, Zocre was running at full speed, swinging his arms.
I hurriedly pulled Amy over, but he swerved and came to a sudden stop. As the skate blades grinded the ice, ice powder was scattered. As cold things wet his face, Shirone’s brows narrowed.
“Why are you doing this? in a person’s face.”
“haha! What are you angry about? Contrary to what I’ve heard, he has a soft personality. You were just kidding.”
“Then why are you kidding me?”
Amy pushed Shirone and stepped forward.
“Why do you keep following me? If you have something to say, do it right. Don’t be childish like kids.”
“It’s been a while since we met. This is also related, but let’s have fun. We still have homework to solve.”
“solve? what solution?”
The only thing that comes to mind when thinking of Zocre is that he gave up the competition at a prestigious school and transferred to another school as if running away.
‘huh? no way… … ?’
A blurry scene flashed through Amy’s mind.
Zokre once confessed his love before going to school.
It was a common thing at the time. That’s why it’s a strangely trivial incident that remains in my memory.
But today, Shirone noticed.
There is probably no woman in the world who would really take the word dating as a joke just because it was said as a joke.
Amy was a woman and not an idiot.
They were fully prepared for the fact that anything could happen if a man and a woman went on a three-day, two-night trip alone, and they followed Shirone.
I didn’t want to embarrass Shirone with absurd past history.
It wouldn’t make me feel bad simply by receiving a confession, but having the person in front of me was a different matter.
“it’s okay. i don’t want to talk to you Shirone, let’s go somewhere else. You don’t have to hang out with these guys.”
As Amy tried to leave, Zocre walked past Shirone as if ignoring her.
“Wait a minute. What you were talking about… … .”
Zokre stopped talking and turned his head. Shirone frowned while holding his shoulder.
“You say you don’t like it.”
“You, won’t you let go of this hand? Even though the schools are different, I am your senior. A formal wizard.”
“That is that, and this is this.”
Zocre was taken aback by Shirone’s cheeky appearance.
“I was very excited when people around me supported me despite my low status. you, aren’t you? Amy and I have known each other since we were thirteen. It’s none of your business.”
“What does it matter when we met? If that’s the case, we met when we were 12 years old. Don’t keep bothering those who don’t like it, please go.”
“what? You met when you were twelve?”
Zocre was stunned by Shirone’s lie.
Thanks to memorizing academic journals, I also knew about Shirone’s past.
How could he meet Amy at the age of 12 when he had only been attending magic school for a year?
Moreover, the son of a mountaineer who is not even a noble.
“A surprisingly shameless guy. Do you think such a lie will work? Do you know what will happen if you get caught by a senior on this floor? Especially for a guy like you who has no place to stick around, just get out of here.”
“I don’t even want to enter a place where there are seniors who make petty threats.”
“This bastard is real!”
Zocre lost his temper and raised his fist at the sight of Shirone attacking without losing a word.
But just as he was about to swing his fist, a snowball flew out of nowhere and crashed into the back of his head.
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 328 - Battle Mage's Philosophy (2) 2.txt
===============================
[328] Battle Mage’s Philosophy (2)
“Aww!”
It was a solid snowball that made the bones ring. Furthermore, the place he was standing on was a slippery ice field.
Unable to keep his balance, Zocre fell forward.
The absurdity was short-lived, and anger welled up. What fearless human being would play such a prank?
“what! who is this!”
Zocre touched the back of his head and turned his head.
A gray-haired handsome boy was standing outside the skating rink throwing snowballs at him. Opposite him, in his hand, was an iced coffee, unsuitable for the cold weather.
“No matter how unpopular he is with women, it’s okay if he touches a couple on a date.”
Zocre narrowed his eyes at the familiar face.
Vivian murmured with a surprised expression.
“That child… … Dante right? Air servant Dante.”
Dante entered the skating rink with his shoes on. As he spurred off the ice and slipped on one leg, Ludvans and Vivian unknowingly opened the way.
‘oh my god. Are you really Dante?’
Vivian couldn’t believe it when she saw it with her own eyes.
From the time she entered magic school, she was the idol of everyone who never missed the first place in the kingdom. Because she was such a Dante, when the news of her defeat by Shirone was published in an academic journal, all the students in the kingdom were shocked.
In his school days, Zocre also had a time when he scrapped Dante’s articles and pasted them on his notebook to burn his determination.
But how long will you be bound by the memories of your student days?
Above all, being hit in the back of the head before even making a full statement was the humiliation of a lifetime.
“Hey, you… … .”
Dante ignored Zocre’s words and approached Shirone.
“It’s been a while, Shirone. Amy too.”
Amy crossed her arms and glanced at him.
“What? Are you calling me by your senior name now?”
“haha! It’s the same graduating class from next semester anyway.”
Amy wasn’t in a bad mood either.
At the time of the two thousand battle, he was treated like a senior, so his friendly attitude was rather awkward.
But Dante’s personality was really cool, and it seemed that those memories had already been erased from his head.
In any case, it was true that even if you were a rival at school, the joy of meeting an alumni outside took precedence.
Shirone said with a smile.
“I see you in a place like this. What is it?”
“As you can see, I came to play. I travel every vacation. But Creas is the first. Someone recommended a winter festival.”
“I see. did you come alone? Closer and Sabina?”
“They have special training as soon as they go on vacation. By now you should be realizing what hell is. After all, they are tired kids to hang out with.”
When Dante shrugged, Shirone burst into laughter.
Even though I was having fun, I was wondering if it was okay to be like this. But when she saw Dante’s laid-back side of her, it occurred to her that her own burdens were nothing.
‘Dante, you’re really amazing.’
Sometimes when I look back on the 2,000 battles, I am surprised that I beat Dante.
Aside from magic, he had a star quality. The power to draw people’s attention was not something that could be obtained through hard work.
As expected from Baska, the capital city, he dressed well.
Wearing a blue coat, black skinny pants, and a purple muffler, he looked radiant without standing out.
In addition, he had a piercing in one ear. From the point of view of Shirone, who is unfamiliar with fashion, I couldn’t help but be surprised.
But Zokre had a different idea.
Totally ignored.
Even in front of Amy’s eyes. No, in front of Shirone, Amy’s boyfriend.
The most upsetting thing was that the friendship between Shirone, Amy, and Dante seemed so radiant.
‘Is this what geniuses play with geniuses? Putting them together like this really annoys me.’
Zokre took a deep breath and threw his words.
“Hey, Dante.”
“huh?”
Dante bit into a straw and looked back. She seemed to completely forget what she had done a moment ago.
“If you hit someone, shouldn’t you say you’re sorry? Even to the wizard senior.”
“senior? Who are you?”
“Zocre, a graduate of Eins Magic School. I mean, I’m not in a position to hear the voice of a promising player like you.”
Dante blinked as he sucked on the straw.
The longer Dante’s silence was, the more anxious Zocre was.
There’s nothing to say even if it’s disrespectful, but it’s because I pictured in my head what he was thinking.
Of course, Eins Magic School was the alma mater that Zocre loved, and he had no shame in choosing to transfer.
But Dante was from the Royal Magic School.
The most prestigious in the kingdom.
Although he is currently attending Alpheas Magic School to avenge his defeat by Shirone, it is the same as it is also one of the top 5 prestigious schools.
Above all, since he was a former apprentice of Olivia, a certified second-class wizard, there was no way he could catch his eye.
“sorry. It’s a name I’ve never heard of. And aren’t you the one who flirted with the couple having fun?”
“this… … !”
Sparks flew in Zokre’s eyes. The word “unheard of” stuck in his heart like a thorn.
In the minors, their names were well known, so even Ludvans and Vivian, who had some expectations, looked cold.
“Dante, don’t be mistaken. Do you think you can do anything? Yes, I am a student. And he was defeated horribly by Shirone. Such Shirone is a genius. Even Amy, who was said to be a genius recognized by the world, is just a second student after all.”
“It’s very threaded.”
Dante said without changing a single expression.
“That is the difference between you and us. We get published in academic journals, and you buy and read them.”
Rather, Shirone’s face became hot.
If he likes to kill, Dante ruthlessly tramples on his opponent’s weaknesses.
It’s cool if you’re cool, but it was hell for the victim.
As expected, Zocre and his party’s faces were distorted, and even blood could be seen in their eyes.
If it was intended to be a provocation, it would have worked, but I was worried because I knew it wasn’t.
‘Damn it! damn it! damn it!’
Zokre was about to die of anger. Why should I be treated like this?
In common sense, the position should be the opposite.
A person who succeeds in graduation is arrogant, and it is normal for them to look at themselves with jealousy and envy.
‘joy! pitiful things! Do you think the school sign will live your life for you?’
Zocre glared at Shirone and the others, contemplating how to subdue them.
‘huh? That… … .’
Then, he saw something shiny under Shirone’s coat. Upon closer inspection, it was a sword.
‘Why are you wearing a sword at the festival? No, you’re a lower class than that, aren’t you? Can I carry a weapon?’
Zokre pondered the reason. Then he realized something and burst into laughter.
“Puhahaha! It was, it was After all, you are the same.”
When Zocre’s personality suddenly changed, Dante quietly backed away as if frightened.
Either way, Zocre pointed at Shirone.
“Aren’t you a guy who pretends to be confident but is full of qualifications? Seriously, would a lowly citizen wear a sword? Well, since my lover is the highest noble, he must have wanted to match the assortment.”
Vivian looked over and gave a surprised expression.
“Oh, is it really? But isn’t that illegal?”
“Of course it is illegal! Where is the heavenly citizen wearing his sword? Can you scream out loud about this?”
Zocre approached Shirone and opened the coat.
It was a serious crime for commoners to wear a sword anyway, so there was no hesitation in their hands.
As the button was ripped off, the coat opened, revealing Armand’s silver scabbard worn around the waist.
“As expected, my prediction was correct. to be anxious. Do you think you can become a nobleman like this?”
Shirone’s eyes grew cold.
“Back off. And pay for your coat.”
Shirone desperately controlled her emotions. The inner monster that smelled the anger was about to come out again.
However, Zocre, who seized the victory, was busy talking about himself.
“Seeing that it has no decorations and is completely flimsy, it is obvious that it is cheap. Well, I don’t know where to get an expensive sword… … .”
Zocre reached for the handle.
Since the length is short, the blade will not look good either. I was thinking of picking it up and repaying twice the humiliation I had suffered so far.
But the thought ended there.
Zokre’s movements stopped when he heard the sound of rushing water. Then his arms slowly came up.
His pupils trembled in shock, and his skin, which felt the chill, raised fluff.
“This, this… … .”
Ludvans and Vivian’s faces were stained with astonishment. Shirone’s sword had been pulled out of its own accord and was digging deep under Zocre’s chin.
“What, what? How did the sword… … .”
Shirone was frowning.
Not because he was mad at Zokre. If it was too late to control his emotions, Zokre’s neck would already be rolling on the ice.
‘I thought it was too complacent.’
Rated control is a great function, but the problem was that the synchronization was so perfect that it was affected by the actions of the demons in the first level of depth.
Shirone was a mage who trained her mind not to lose her cool in any situation. But that didn’t mean there were no changes in emotions.
The anger that soared through the momentary gap forced Armand to come out of the scabbard.
This feeling of disappointment in herself angered Shirone.
Sensing his master’s anger, Armand trembled, and the cry of the sword was heard through Zocre’s eardrum.
Zocre gritted his teeth and glared at Shirone.
“you… … !”
“This is your final warning. just go back I won’t stand it if you’re being rude one more time.”
Under the pressure of death, Zokre’s legs slid back and forth on the ice as if their strength had waned.
At this rate, he would lose his balance and collapse. Then Ludvans came and supported Zocre’s back.
“Let’s go back. We are full wizards. If we have an accident here, we will be the ones to lose.”
It was meant to cheer up Zocre, but realistically it was the right thing to say.
“joy! Cheeky children! Let’s see how well it goes.”
Zocre cursed until the end.
However, it just felt rather shabby because Ludvans was pulling and dragging the back belt.
It was only after Zocre and the others left the skating rink that Shirone stabbed Armand in the scabbard.
“Yaya, no matter how angry you are, if you swing a knife, you will use it.”
Shirone’s eyes widened at Dante’s words.
“You are laughing! It’s all because of you! Of course, he did such a provocation! What about my coat! You make up for it!”
“It’s like a button, you just have to put it back on. What’s the sword you’re wearing anyway? Is that magic too?”
Amy looked around and said.
“Don’t do that, let’s move for now. people are staring Maybe the guards will come.”
I still don’t know that Shirone is a commoner, so I think it’s an incident, but if the guards are dispatched to investigate, things will become more complicated.
“Then, shall we go to a cafe and have a cup of coffee? Of course, I helped you, so let’s assume you guys live.”
“Do you buy me coffee because something is pretty? And aren’t you drinking coffee right now?”
“This is iced coffee. So let’s go get something warm.”
“you… … Are you a coffee addict?”
Dante raised an iced coffee and winked one eye.
“no. I am a coffee maniac.”
* * *
Shirone’s party found a cafe called ‘Cozy Teahouse’ in the shopping district and entered it.
As the warmth spread, his cheeks turned red.
Shirone, who trembled as if shaking off the chill clinging to her clothes, sat down at the table and took out her sewing kit.
Dante received the menu.
“When you come on a trip, you have to order special products. Let’s see, Ice Queen’s hot coffee? Isn’t this a bit of a strange name?”
Amy waved her hand in annoyance.
“The strange thing is pass. I just want some orange juice.”
“okay? Then I’m Ice Queen’s hot coffee. Shirone, what are you going to drink?”
Shirone said, concentrating on buttoning up.
“I like hot cocoa.”
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 329 - Battle Mage's Philosophy (3) 4.txt
===============================
[329] Battle Mage’s Philosophy (3)
Dante said with an absurd expression when he felt the energy of the craftsman in Shirone’s eyes as he sewed.
“Hey, do you really have to sew here?”
“That’s the only coat I brought. And doing it outside is hard because your hands are frozen.”
Shirone breathed heavily on her still cold hands and focused on sewing again.
After ordering tea at the counter, Dante brings back an Armand that Shirone leaned against the wall on his way back.
Shirone only looked at Armand. The demonic sword, which had been so picky, was as quiet as a mouse.
It’s as if Dante deserves to take care of himself.
Because of the people’s attention, Dante set the sword upright without pulling it out and inspected the exterior.
“Hey, so this is an S-class object.”
I had heard a rough explanation on the way.
A demonic sword equipped with the concepts of Rated Control and Armed Forces.
It was an impeccable weapon that not only amplified mana, but also had the function of maximizing physical airborne ability.
Dante threw Armand into the wall. Then, Shirone brought it back to its original position with rated control.
Dante, who confirmed it with his own eyes, said with a smile.
“It is a good weapon. Considering the rarity, it is understandable that it is over 4 billion gold.”
Amy, who had been sitting back and warming herself by the fireplace, turned her head and said,
“You say 4 billion gold easily? After all, the Erhein family is a chaebol family that ranks 20th in the kingdom’s business world. But why would the young master of such a house obtain and drink coffee?”
“haha! Coffee brewed by someone else tastes better. The coffee that someone else buys is even better. And if you get 4 billion gold for a single sword, even my parents would have their jaws wide open.”
Said Shirone, who fastened the first button and connected the needle to the second button.
“Sorry. I was going to sell it for about 3 billion if I was interested.”
I heard the sound of Armand’s jewels trembling.
“I am not interested in collecting things in particular. It’s a caution not to buy souvenirs even when traveling.”
Dante, who says that S-class objects are just collections, was certainly not a normal human being.
But Shirone liked that.
After all, wizards are the kind of people who don’t see anything other than what they like.
The clerk brought tea while Shirone finished sewing and put the coat back on.
Shirone and Amy were silent for a long time while drinking juice and cocoa.
Until earlier, they were giggling and dying happily, but when Dante was there, they suddenly came in and out.
Dante sat obliquely with his legs crossed, sipping his coffee and watching the two of them.
Then he pointed at Amy with his coffee cup hand.
“How are you anyway?”
“huh? what?”
“I don’t think either of you are the type to go on a leisurely date. Traveling up, what is that?”
Shirone put down his glass and looked back at Amy. It was the first time she talked about her graduation exam.
“Hmm.”
Amy put her chin on her chin and looked out the window.
“I honestly don’t know. It’s not that I’m not motivated, but should I say it’s too vague?”
Amy also spoke with a calm expression.
“Anyway, you did your best for six years, didn’t you? But I ended up dropping out. I don’t know what to do anymore. I also feel that it is not possible to simply improve my skills. So what… … .”
Amy snorted and shrugged.
“I’m in the process of refining it. It must be a psychological problem called the second challenge. I will have to find or create a special occasion.”
Dante nodded.
Of course, he doesn’t even consider the possibility of failing the graduation exam. But if he had fallen, he would have had the same troubles as Amy now.
“Right. But what exactly was the situation at the time? Of course, I also watched the game, but it is different from playing in the field.”
Shirone looked at Amy with a nervous expression. She will be a memory of her that she never wants to recall.
But what I wanted to hear was also true.
Especially since he had to deal with Fermi’s party after vacation, the more information he had, the better.
Fortunately, Amy didn’t look particularly distressed. It seemed that the period of one-dimensional suffering had already been overcome.
“I was mass lynched… … It’s from 1 minute 32 seconds after the battle begins.”
Amy’s crimson eyes glowed red as she pulled out the information of the time.
“As soon as the person-to-person combat item was hit, 2,000 times were activated, and all participants moved at high speed. At that time, the first thing I thought I should aim for was Samuel. Other contestants seemed to have the same idea.”
Shirone said.
“Because Sanuel is a magician.”
“that’s right. It takes time for the spirit magic to activate. At the time of training, Sanuel’s ultrasonography level was 148 syllables per sec. Intermediate magic takes at least 4 seconds to cast. However, since the power of amplification is enormous once the commandment is completed, it is the first target to be eliminated in the person-to-person combat category. But Fermi broke the tide.”
Amy’s face changed seriously.
“It was really strange. that feeling. discomfort. Of course, at the time of the battle, I wasn’t in the mood to even think about collusion, but I think I instinctively decided to change her target to Fermi. As it turned out, she was wrong. I couldn’t see the target clearly because of the licen’s plasma. So he tried melee combat, and I think he played the promised play on that side.”
Amy was silent for a while. She seemed to be reliving the circumstances of the time when she made a probably fatal mistake.
As if to shake off remorse, she exhaled deeply. Then she came back to her reality and dropped her shoulders.
“After that, the charter turned, and as you know, I was unilaterally pushed out and was eliminated early.”
Dante, lost in thought, asked.
“But I heard that Fermi and the others used that tactic from before? It’s a promised play.”
“that’s right. It’s not like I wasn’t prepared either. When you enter your senior year, you train for six test subjects in rotation. You can figure out the faction, and you can also know each person’s skills. But on test day, something was different. Even if you think the promised play is part of the tactic, there is no need for them to block Sanuel’s barrage. But the mood has completely gone. I still don’t know why it happened.”
“The atmosphere has gone… … .”
If they were able to change the atmosphere of the battlefield at will in a person-to-person battle, it meant that their skills were much better than expected.
However, there is no reason why Amy’s eyesight cannot see through what she is hiding. That’s why Amy is also confused.
‘It’s not just a camouflage tactic. There is something undisclosed. Perhaps the subject… … .’
Fermi, the first in the graduating class.
You can completely hide your allies’ skills, or you can dramatically improve your allies’ skills.
I don’t know which method to use, but it was clear that I could do one of two things.
“Hmm, it seems that I was pushed out of power after all. Then there is no excuse. Somehow Master Olivia didn’t step forward.”
Amy shook her head.
Of course, I have no intention of making excuses for defeat. But it wasn’t that I was eliminated because of my poor skills.
Had it been a normal confrontation, at least the neutral factions would have been able to make it to the final 10 if they hadn’t been swayed by Fermi.
“If the rules are like that, I don’t want to argue. But compared to the contestants, my skills were by no means inferior. I’m not saying that Sanuel should have suffered instead of me. If Fermi can control the flow of the battlefield, it means that anyone caught in the target will have no choice but to fall.”
Dante blinked in surprise. Judging by the look on Amy’s expression, she said she was serious.
“I admit that it can be unfair. But the opponent ended up like that, right? So, isn’t it an accurate expression to say that I was pushed out of my power?”
Amy put down her juice glass and sighed.
“Haa, I keep not understanding… … .”
“No, I fully understand. Fermi’s group controlled the flow of the battlefield, and everyone targeted you.”
“So you’re saying it’s my fault? why? Because I’m usually unlucky? Or because I look the most comfortable?”
“Don’t be so excited… … .”
“I don’t look excited!”
Amy hit the table and got up. The eyes of the people in her cafe were on her.
Conscious of them, Amy quietly sat down. But her face was still flushed.
“Okay, since one’s thoughts are free. But I struggled for a year in my senior year and took the exam. Dante If you were in the same situation as me, would you say the same thing?”
Dante did not answer.
Of course, his thoughts did not change.
However, it seemed that even if I tried to piss her off, she wouldn’t get a cold answer.
‘… … Although I think that.’
Dante is a wizard. And Amy was also a wizard. Hiding the truth because of emotions was not suitable for either.
“Don’t be silly, Amy.”
Anger welled up in Amy’s eyes.
“A fool? I?”
“Okay, then shall we ask Shirone? What do you think of the results of this graduation exam?”
When Amy turned around, Shirone swallowed dryly. No matter what she said, he wouldn’t like Amy.
“Shirone, do you think so too? Am I fooling around like Dante said?”
“Uh, there… … well? I am… … .”
“Tell me honestly. I acknowledge Dante’s ability and I acknowledge you too. If two people are looking at me like that, that’s right. What I want to know is the exact truth.”
Amy was sincere.
As a student majoring in magic, I wasn’t weak enough to be comforted by the lies I was told.
Above all, believe in yourself.
It wasn’t because I was weak or because my skills were lacking that I failed the graduation exam.
Shirone mumbled, unable to bear the weight of the silence, and spoke out with difficulty.
“It is true that it was a morally wrong test. But no matter what happens… … I think a wizard should be able to win.”
Amy lost all strength in her body.
If even Shirone said that, there was a high probability that he was mistaken.
But my heart couldn’t accept it.
‘A fool? I?’
I have never been lazy while studying magic. He prided himself on fighting harder than anyone else.
But are you stupid?
More than anything, what makes the billions collapse is that their judgment, which they do not even understand, is highly likely to be true.
said Dante.
“Of course you are strong. The ability to rise to 5th place in the graduating class in one year is an undeniable fact.”
Amy’s gaze slowly turned to Dante.
“But strictly speaking, it is because you are so talented.”
“Talent… … say?”
“Currently, Alpheas Magic School has students who are as good as the Royal Magic School. Eruki as a Servant, Nade of alchemy, Arin of ultra-lightness, Canis who handles magic creatures, Shirone who is an unlocker, and me who uses the central arithmetic magic circle. Of course, Sabina and Closer are also tough. Boil of summoning magic and Pandora of scent magic also have one specialized talent.”
Amy was silently listening to Dante.
“But from my point of view, if I were to rank them based on what they were born with… … .”
Dante took a sip of his coffee and pointed at Amy.
“It is you. Amy, you are the best at Alpheas Magic School.”
Amy wasn’t happy.
I still couldn’t figure out what Dante was trying to say.
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 330 - Battle Mage's Philosophy (4) 2.txt
===============================
[330] Battle Mage’s Philosophy (4)
“Hongan. So self-image memory corrects errors in the shortest time. This is a really great ability. In terms of talent alone, it would be the best on the continent, not Alpheas Magic School. That is proven by the many geniuses from your family.”
Amy couldn’t resist.
The pretensions of the Karmis family, or even the older brothers of the original family, were already making their names known on the continent in their field at a young age.
“So what? I’ve never thought of leaning on my family until now! Are you saying that I came to this place because of my talent? I’ve always been trying to stand up for myself.”
“okay. That’s what foolishness is.”
Amy’s face hardened.
“I’d rather lean on the family. What you have, what your family has. You have to fight with everything. Are you saying that while you are born with something that other people want but cannot have, you throw it away just because you want to try it on your own? That’s what foolishness is.”
“I am… … That thought… … .”
“Do you remember the kids I met at the skating rink? Did you say zocre? Eins Magic School is honestly not prestigious. Their talents will be far inferior to yours. Even so, they find their own way to live and become wizards. Did you drop out because you didn’t have enough luck? No, Amy. You are competing in the 5 most prestigious in the kingdom. People who are more unfair than you are widely spread in the world. If you want to become a wizard, if you want to become the best wizard at that, you have to fight and overcome whatever situation comes your way.”
Amy bowed her head.
The anger was soon gone.
No, it felt like everything had gone back to square one.
Dante was right.
The place he was in was the Alpheas Magic School, where the best talents in the kingdom gathered, and it was the graduating class at the top.
A place where no excuses can be made.
In a battlefield where talented people who only look at the best collide, talking about this and that is nothing more than the nonsense of a person with a full stomach.
“Then I… … what to do.”
I couldn’t jump over the wall and stood at the starting point again.
The second will be faster.
But it was just an idea in my head.
Now you must overcome yourself. And that was the first ordeal for Amy.
‘Amy… … .’
Shirone looked at Amy pitifully.
Dante’s straightforward way of speaking must have been a big shock to Amy. But he couldn’t intervene.
It wasn’t an arrogant thought that it would help Amy.
Because Dante’s words are true.
A silence fell over the table.
They couldn’t hear the laughter of the tourists clamoring from all sides.
Dante looked at Amy while drinking cold coffee.
There is nothing special about her. But it was also Amy who stood out the most in her graduation exams.
“Shall I tell you why you were eliminated?”
Amy raised her head again.
Shirone, who was lost in thought, also looked at Dante.
If it was Dante’s analysis, whose major was information processing, it would be worth listening to regardless of the situation.
“Of course, the only thing I could see with my own eyes that you were using magic was the graduation exam. And that’s less than 5 minutes. But even in such a short period of time, there are things I just don’t understand.”
“Are you saying I made a mistake?”
“no. It’s a problem closer to the essence than that. To begin with, you have a fatal flaw. In particular, if you aim to become a battle mage, you are missing something you must have.”
I never thought of myself as having a weakness. So Amy swallowed her saliva and waited for her words to follow.
Dante raised his coffee cup and turned his head. After choosing his words for a moment, he pouted his lips and said.
“For you… … I have no style.”
“style?”
Amy asked back at the unexpected words. However, Shirone was nodding her head slightly.
no style
It was a word that implied the sense of incongruity that I had vaguely felt while working with Amy.
It was only possible because of the eyes of Dante, who had the best defensive power in the kingdom, that he clearly saw Amy’s weaknesses after seeing only 5 minutes of battle.
Shirone added a word.
“To put it mildly, it is omnipotent. I’ve felt it before, but you’re so great that it’s a mask.”
Amy’s face heated up at Shirone’s words. After she was shocked by Dante’s direct words, she felt more embarrassed.
“Are you kidding me?”
Dante shook his head.
“No, there is some truth in what Shirone said. From what I’ve seen, you tend to have complete control over the situation. Because you can do it.”
“Why is that a problem?”
“It is not a very big problem. Your gimmick is sniper mode. Most mages direct the situation to an environment where their organs can specialize. Style arises from there. The reason why Shirone likes the strategy of suppressing with brute force is because it has an immortal function. I like counters because I enjoy analyzing them. but you are different If sniper mode doesn’t work, they’ll find a second solution right away.”
Amy felt as if she had been hit in the head with a hammer.
“You know what is really serious? In the end, you do it. I’m looking for a second solution. It’s so witty. But how long can that method work?”
Amy’s lips trembled.
It’s stupid. stupid
How come I never thought about it?
“Usually you’ll hit a wall at the student level. But your talent was thrown away all the way to your senior year. Then, at the most crucial moment, I hit a wall.”
Dante opened his palms and clashed his fists.
“It just happened that all the contestants were aiming for you. It was the first time I experienced a situation that could not be done with talent alone in front of a level of difficulty that soared sharply compared to the senior class class. The difficulties I and Shirone experienced early came too late for you. Fermi must have already known, your fatal weakness. That is why you were chosen as a sacrifice.”
Dante recalled the graduation exam and gave an example.
“The moment you sensed the sudden change in the charter, you gave up on Sanuel and went after Fermi. They would have judged that the schema would give them an edge in close combat. But I’ve been there for four months. The moment you feel uncomfortable, you should have opened the distance unconditionally. I had to somehow lead him to a situation where he could specialize in sniper mode. But it didn’t.”
Shirone answered.
“Because I had the confidence that I could solve it somehow.”
Dante nodded.
“It is impossible to control every situation in melee. In battle, the time needed to make a decision is even one second longer. If the options are divided, there will inevitably be a delay. So style matters. Believe in your style and bet everything on it.”
Amy recalled the situation in Kazura where she was tied to Xenoger’s web.
I had a lot on my mind at the time.
However, if he had only focused on what he could do, he could have melted the web with Ignite and escaped.
“Perhaps you analyzed everything in your senior year. The combat power, judgment, habits, behavior, etc. of all participants. After analyzing all of them, you decided that you had an advantage, right?”
Amy readily admitted.
“that’s right. Exactly.”
“But I didn’t think of the style. It’s just as important as fighting power. You have to know how to avoid and wait if you don’t match. If I go back now and fight Shirone from back then, there’s probably a 90% chance I’ll win.”
Shirone meekly nodded.
There is no if in history, but if the past self and the current Dante were to face each other, nine out of nine times it would be a losing battle.
“Combat is a matter where superiority cannot be measured simply by skill alone. Extremely speaking, it’s enough to destroy Shirone’s Ataraxia before it’s finished. But why didn’t I succeed? It was because Shirone also constantly induced the situation to his advantage. A clash of styles and styles. That’s a wizard’s battle.”
Amy hung her head and did not move.
He was so full of thoughts of magic that he couldn’t see anything.
said Dante.
“Well, I pretended to be proud, but if a similar situation came up, I might be eliminated too. But I’m not going to drop out early without trying anything like you. Anyway, this is the result of my analysis of you in the graduation exam.”
Amy then raised her head. Her expression was still sad, but her excitement was gone.
“Thank you for being honest.”
Having analyzed the pros and cons of an opponent who would become a competitor next year was something I was thankful for, no matter what the reason.
Dante, perhaps embarrassed by the solemn atmosphere, finished his story and stood up.
“Looks like you brought up something stupid on a date. Anyway, I’ll stop and see. you guys have fun too See you later at school.”
Shirone escorted her outside the door.
Dante peered at Amy through the window outside the café.
Confirming her sullen expression, he turned to Shirone and scratched his head.
“sorry. The atmosphere seemed good, but I interrupted and ruined it.”
Dante, who had been in love at the Royal Magic School, was sensing a subtle air current flowing between Shirone and Amy.
The fact that Amy came along on the trip alone means that she was thinking about it to some extent.
If the atmosphere at the skating rink had continued, the tomorrows of Shirone and Amy could have been different.
But today’s advice made Amy’s thoughts complicated.
As a man like him, it was natural to feel sorry for him.
But Shirone didn’t think so. Rather, he was grateful to Dante for giving Amy advice.
“are you okay. If it wasn’t for you, Amy’s problems wouldn’t have been found. It really helped me a lot. Of course, Amy will have to research the solution herself.”
Dante smiled bitterly.
It was Shirone who didn’t seem to have asked anything about the time of the world.
Well, in a sense, Amy belonged to the same department as Shirone, so it could be said that they met properly.
Dante has always had instant love. It suited her personality, so she had no complaints about it.
But on the other hand, I thought it would be fun to slowly come to terms with my feelings like a slug.
“It wasn’t advice I gave specifically for Amy. After all, there will be Fermi and the others next year anyway. The more counterhorses you make, the better. anyway see you next time Have fun and go.”
Dante waved his hand and walked away.
Seeing him leaving as lightly as when he came, Shirone could feel the composure and freedom of a traveler.
‘I hope it will be a good trip for you too.’
midwinter night (1)
It was winter, so the sun went down early.
The old castle ruins are closed at 6 o’clock, so Dante stopped traveling and headed back to his lodgings.
‘What’s the point of just going in, should I drink beer?’
When you are eighteen, you can buy alcohol outside.
Dante did not like strong alcohol, but liked to sip beer while traveling.
The shopping district was teeming with people escaping from tourist spots.
While I was walking down the street looking for a place where I could drink comfortably, I saw a young woman protesting in front of the entrance of a bar on the 3rd floor.
The striking outfit caught Dante’s attention.
He was wearing a loose-fitting suit with sleeves that went down to his wrists, and was tightened around his waist with a white belt. Her robe came down to her ankles, and her skirt was red.
Dante guessed that he was the person involved in the ritual.
If you see that you are carrying a large backpack that does not suit your slender figure, it means that you have traveled a long time or come from far away.
Maybe mid 20’s?
A fine appearance with pure white skin that seems to have never seen sunlight. Her black hair, tied high at the top of her head, hung down to her waist.
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 331 - Midwinter Night (2) 2.txt
===============================
[331] Midwinter Night (2)
The outfit, which looked like it would freeze to death at any moment, was a delightful eye candy for drunken people.
However, the woman was preaching a message to people, not paying attention to the gaze that was looking at her.
“The end of the world is coming. It’s dangerous here. Everyone, leave the castle quickly.”
‘end? What are you talking about out of the blue?’
Dante did not take it seriously.
There are people who give up even their lives because they are preoccupied with pseudo-religions.
The character of the ice queen itself was a legend processed for the festival, so it didn’t make sense that it was dangerous.
I couldn’t find a single person who listened seriously, as if the tourists had the same idea.
“If it’s the end anyway, isn’t it the same wherever you go? Where do you go when you leave here? Surely you’re not asking me to die in the arms of the sickest wife waiting at home? Fuhahaha!”
“I heard and saw it. That’s never going to happen. Miss, if you need attention, why don’t you stop talking nonsense and dance?”
The woman looked at them straight in the face without changing a single expression, perhaps accustomed to this kind of tamusi, and confronted them.
“It’s not a lie. This is an oracle from the goddess Achaeans, who controls the melody of time.”
“Aceanis? I have never heard of such a religion.”
“You have to take my word for it! Sooner or later, the dawn of the apocalypse will take place here. Everyone dies!”
“Okay, okay. I’ll trust you, so let’s go inside. Let’s talk while drinking.”
When the tall man hugged the woman by the shoulders, she pushed it away with both hands and shouted.
“Don’t put your ungodly hand on it!”
“Ugh! this lady really Don’t do that, come in. What kind of bad person am I?”
The woman reached into the cylinder slung across the bottom of her backpack, pulled out something, and thrust it into the man’s neck.
At first glance, I thought it was a quiver, but when I looked at the contents, it was a thin iron core 50 cm long.
The tip was sharp like an awl, and inside the ring on the other side was a small bell that jingled.
Feeling the force of being stabbed, the giant hurriedly removed his hand from the woman and stepped back.
“Oops, with my temper.”
As the business grew, tourists who had not considered it a big deal became interested and gathered.
Dante heard the men standing behind them exchanging trivial jokes.
“She was crazy. She looks just fine, though. How about it, shall we play with you today?”
“Arthur. You can bleed while dealing with a woman like that. How do you know what will happen?”
“It’s a pity though. She is a rare beauty.”
Dante studied the woman carefully.
“It’s Achaeans… … .”
Dante, who has a lot of interest in the psychic, was also a name he had never heard of.
Well, there are tens of thousands of religions in the world, so it was impossible to know the names of all the gods they believed in.
The woman was talking the same thing like a parrot.
“The end is coming. Hurry up and leave the old castle ruins! otherwise everyone will die. What I mean is true!”
“Will leaving solve it?”
People’s eyes were focused on Dante.
He drew more attention because he was the first person to take a woman’s story seriously.
said Dante, stepping forward.
“If the apocalypse really came, wouldn’t there have to be a solution? I don’t think it’s going to end with running away.”
When the woman confirmed that Dante was a younger boy than she was, she turned to the crowd with a look of disappointment.
“I am Totemist Lyria, a mage of the Akeanis Shrine. An edict will be attempted here tonight. Failure to do so can be dangerous. So, please leave here as soon as possible.”
Dante paid more attention to the fact that she was a mage than to the feeling of being ignored.
Mages are those who work in the Order of the Spirit, and the magic circles they use have many similarities to magic circles.
That’s why Dante, who majored in information magic, also studied the spirits, even if only on the surface.
If the magician materializes the phenomenon through an equal exchange, the magician strengthens one aspect of reason with the power of will.
The two are similar but different.
If the fire needs to be extinguished, the wizard will create water. However, the mage suppresses the will of fire by strengthening the will of water.
What governs the balance of the source.
Mages call this the law.
It was the ability to encompass a broader and wider range of phenomena, although it lacked a sharp taste like magical transformation.
Nevertheless, the reason why it does not receive attention in the western world is that the power of the law itself is not logical.
Mages, exactly white ones, are those who fight to destroy evil in the world.
However, good and evil are nothing more than artificial distinctions made after human beings were born.
But how can mages seal evil?
Due to the ambiguity of this proof, the reality was that people in the world disparaged the law as an imitation of magic, that is, alternative magic.
“There is no time! Get out of here before the day ends. Your life is at stake!”
Lyria appealed with a desperate voice, but people didn’t even listen.
Dante looked around, but when no one came forward, he approached her again.
“Can I help you?”
Lyria sighed softly without looking back at Dante.
‘Anyway, kids these days.’
It wasn’t just once or twice that I met a boy who behaved like this while going around to pray.
It seemed that being a magician in itself was a job that aroused quite a bit of curiosity among young children.
Looking at the boy’s appearance, he has a handsome face and a good style. She was even wearing ear piercings as if she had been playing around quite a bit.
‘But this time I picked the wrong opponent, kid.’
Lyria glared at Dante with cold eyes.
“It’s not for a kid like you to intervene. You should go home soon too. If you don’t want to offend your parents.”
Dante was about to reply, but one of the onlookers said:
“uh? that child… … Isn’t that Dante? Air servant Dante, the most promising wizard in the kingdom.”
The middle-aged man knew Dante’s face thanks to his work at the top of the magic material supply chain.
Even if they weren’t wizards, most people engaged in magic-related work were reading academic journals.
This is because there are hundreds of types of magical weapons that are newly developed each year, and it is necessary to analyze students’ needs to preoccupy popular products.
“huh? Is that boy a wizard? Doesn’t it look like that?”
“No, I am still a student. However, I heard that it is a skill that even pros cannot carelessly touch.”
The magician was a mysterious being to the common people.
Furthermore, the title of the kingdom’s best in any field was not given to just anyone, so people’s attention was focused.
Only then did Lilia correct her expression and look at Dante.
As a mage, she also knows much more about the wizarding society than ordinary people, so the feeling of disregard has completely disappeared.
“The best student in the kingdom?”
Dante licked his lips and shrugged.
“No, what… … Are you going to be number two now?”
The man working at the magic guild also knew that a boy named Shirone had defeated Dante.
But nostalgia for a champion is not easily forgotten.
It was also Dante who boasted an undefeated record since childhood, so the popularity of the public did not cool down easily.
Lyria didn’t care whether Dante was number one or number two. She was a mage with some expertise, and for the first time, it was important that she was taken seriously.
Dante pointed to the tavern on the third floor and said.
“This place is a bit different. Shall we go in and have a drink?”
Lyria looked at Dante with suspicion.
Even if he was an excellent wizard, it would be a different story if he flirted with him in this way.
“If you’re thinking of making a deal, find someone else.”
“What are you talking about? Work?”
“Then why are you trying to help me?”
“My major is magic circles. Will that deal with the sealed margins too? because I’m interested It might be useful for my major.”
“A magic circle?”
If the boy’s words are true, he will surely be able to help in his work.
Besides, if you are the kingdom’s best prospect, at least at the student level, doesn’t that mean you can handle the magic circle the best?
“good. let’s go in But I will not drink.”
“As you like. I just need a beer too.”
Only then did Lilia shake off the snow-covered hair and follow Dante into the bar.
“this… … It was taken away by a kid whose head didn’t even have blood.”
The old castle site was not only a dating course for lovers, but also a place for lonely singles to find a relationship.
Numerous young men who tried to challenge Lilia looked at the two with envious expressions.
* * *
8 o’clock in the evening.
The old castle site was so quiet.
The moonlight shimmered down on the statue made of ice.
Even the sound of laughter resounding from the distant shopping district could be heard reverently here.
Breaking the silence of the night, the two figures swiftly jumped over the collapsed wall and entered the deserted castle grounds.
Dante’s expression was serious.
If the story at the tavern was true, the old castle was never safe.
‘You see the future? Is it really possible?’
According to Lyria, the head of the Achaeans is a 70-year-old woman named Poriter.
It is said that she had the ability to recall what would happen in the future from birth, like déjà vu.
Rumors circulated that he had a mental illness when he was young. She was to the point of suspecting even herself of megalomania.
However, what is the probability that the scene of the future that suddenly came to mind coincides even by coincidence?
One day, at the age of 18, Poriter realized that he saw his village burnt down by bandits just as he had imagined.
You have the ability to see the future.
She said she had no foresight, although she herself could not tell by what means she could foresee what would happen in the future.
Rather, just as a person walking into the future recalls the past, images like old memories suddenly arise.
“Did someone like that say that there would be a disaster on the old castle ruins?”
Lillia nodded her head with eyes full of trust.
“A disaster is not just a disaster. He said that an entity capable of bringing about the end of the world would appear.”
“It is the end of the world. If you’re against such a great guy, there’s nothing we can do, right?”
“no. That’s why Professor Poriter is great. the future can change I don’t know what kind of disaster it is, but I just need to deal with it before it manifests itself. You remove the egg before it hatches.”
“Right. Have you thought of a way?”
“I’m going to use necromantic sorcery. His energy permeates this place now. After materializing it, I will immediately lock it in the barracks.”
“But will it be easy? What if it is stronger than expected?”
Lyria reached into the barrel she was wearing behind her waist, took out a needle, and shook her wrist to make a bell sound.
“That’s why I, the totemist, was dispatched. This totem has a birch wick embedded in it. If you strengthen the power of the law with this, you will be caught.”
Lyria planted her totem into the ground. Then she moved away and pulled out another totem, she said.
“It is true that there was a shortage of manpower because it was a sudden oracle. There is much more evil in the world than people think. Not only me, but most of the ancestral spirits are wandering around the world without even being able to enter their homes.”
Lyria drew a huge circle 20 meters in diameter using 20 totems and walked towards the center.
Dante asked as he followed.
“I’ve been curious about it before, how are you doing it?”
“huh? what?”
“If it’s a magic circle that grants physical restraint, I can design it too. But isn’t that what the seal margin is like? It only reacts to evil. When something goes into the Bongmargin, how do you tell if it’s good or bad? What is the definition of evil?”
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 332 - Midwinter Night (3) 3.txt
===============================
[332] Midwinter Night (3)
Lyria answered without hesitation.
“Just think of it. Evil is anything that rejects good.”
“okay? Then what is that line?”
“Anything that rejects evil.”
“… … .”
Lyria explained as if she understood Dante’s silence.
“You get a lot of questions like that. But I don’t understand it because I try to analyze it in only one way. Logic is, after all, just a way for humans to understand the world. More broadly, it accepts the pre-logic.”
Lillia raised her index fingers and crossed them in an X.
“Good and evil are proving their existence by referring to each other. If there was no good, would you know what evil is? Conversely, because there is evil, the concept of good becomes clearer.”
“Hmm, it seems that the two conflicting concepts support each other’s reality.”
“That’s right. Mages call this the number of the law.”
“The number of the law?”
“Every number has a meaning. At first there would be nothing. or infinite. The number representing it is 0. Then something comes into existence with its own name, such as Good, Evil, Dante, and Lyria. That’s 1. That’s why the seal must contain the name of the caster.”
“Hmm, it’s a proper name. Then what about 2?”
“The reason you couldn’t define good and evil is because you saw good and evil as 1 each. But if you combine good and evil and create the concept of 2, that becomes the law.”
Lillia spread her three fingers and continued.
“Lyria is 1, Law is 2. Therefore, 3 is the number of finding the perfect self in the law. In the sanctuary, this is called the Trinity. Of course, it is difficult to reach the perfect trinity.”
Lillia’s fingers interlocked to draw a triangle.
“Everything in this world starts with the number 3. This is the number of the law. It is the true intention of the Akhaenis Shrine and the first hwadu given to the ancestral priest.”
By using the number of the law, all the principles of the universe can be expressed.
It was like Dante saving the world with 0s and 1s.
And this was the insight of the mages.
Lyria continued.
“The seal is different from the magic circle. Those who have not refined their minds through endless discipline will never be able to confine evil. That’s why it’s a spiritual power. Of course, for that reason, it is not recognized in the academic world.”
Organizing his thoughts, Dante nodded.
“I understand. So what am I going to do from now on?”
“I think I’ll need help in case the disaster materializes with necromantic sorcery. Once materialized, it will affect reality. You also set up a magic circle and protect me if I ever get into danger. There’s no need to save me, but it’s deadly if the spell breaks before it’s sealed. How long will it take to prepare?”
“Hmm, not much. Do you think we can start now?”
When Lyria looked at her curiously, Dante smiled.
“I don’t like large magic circles. I mainly use the instant magic circle.”
Lyria nodded her head obediently.
The instant magic circle had the flexibility to deal with unforeseen situations even though its power was low.
In fact, the priests also exorcised horses with improvised stick margins when the situation was not favorable.
“okay. Then we will begin.”
As Lyria knelt down and prepared to pray, Dante took a step back and prepared for what was to come.
“Aura hovering in the air, I bind your hands with chains of holy power. hang in place turn around Substance is dedicated, and all a thousand masks will be removed.”
Lyria’s prayer continued endlessly.
It strengthens the will of the entity and puts pressure on the non-entity. Speaking the will through the mouth and increasing the intensity was similar to the verbal command.
At the end of the magician’s signature, the necromantic marriage ceremony unfolded.
“In the name of Lyria, I command you to reveal the truth.”
Dante expanded the spirit zone and prepared for battle.
Nothing happened for a minute after that.
However, since Lyria was still in the posture of prayer, she did not relax.
After a while, I felt the ground shake.
The width of the vibration was not great, but the radius was enormous. Snow was falling like dust from the ice queen’s castle in the distance.
‘Sheesh! If you want to come out, come and see me.’
Dante surrounded himself with a defensive magic circle.
As time passed, the vibrations gradually got stronger. However, there was still no sign of reality appearing.
“Huh… … !”
A moan escaped from Lyria’s mouth.
I was pushing something into reality with all my might, to the point of squeezing out even a drop of my spirit.
Suddenly the scenery flashed blue. And finally, a gigantic electric grid stretched across the night sky.
Dante raised his head with a tired expression.
Even at a glance, it was not a network made by humans, but a form made up of unspecified connections between charges.
“Huh!”
Lyria let out a rough breath as she bounced her upper body.
Dante was at a loss. Is that the reality of the disaster? If so, should I fight?
No, how the hell do you fight something like that?
“what? You have to tell me to move.”
Lyria shook her head with a sorrowful expression.
“I was mistaken. That’s not a demon. A pure psyche.”
“Cerebral body? Please explain to me.”
“It has a neutral will that is not biased towards either side. It cannot be sealed in this state. But they seem to be absorbing the laws of this place quickly.”
Dante observed the exchange of signals through a network of electromagnetic nets.
As the patterns increased exponentially, the sky was gleaming with blue light.
‘Damn it, what the hell is this?’
No two patterns were the same.
It was proof that the entropy of the information the law was learning was extremely low.
How could that be?
The brain of a newborn baby is not so active. This is because learning about nature has already been done at the genetic level.
“… … not of this world I’m from another place.”
There was no other way to explain it other than that.
To the cerebral body, the information collected here would be of a high quality, equivalent to state secrets in terms of human beings.
Lyria didn’t know about entropy. But to some extent she had thoughts similar to Dante’s.
If the mental body were from this world, it could not have been born in such a pure neutral state.
“Then we have to seal it all the more now! If left alone, it will quickly absorb the evil of this world! I’ll try the stick margin!”
The moment Lyria knelt down again, a sound like scratching an iron plate with her fingernails was heard from the sky.
As the sharp sound found its own frequency, it created bizarre sound waves that humans could not produce.
“I am… … who?”
Dante’s face became serious.
The question of who am I means that I have a self.
So what will happen next?
Before I could organize my thoughts, a simple yet blind shockwave with no personality pierced me to the ground.
“Shit!”
Dante installed a defensive magic circle where Lyria was.
The shockwave from the cerebral body crashed into the ground with tremendous density and spread out in a ring, creating a strong wind.
Dante was blown away by a strong wind.
“Dante!”
Surprised, Lyria ran to Dante.
The cerebral body disappeared into the night sky as if it were running away, but I couldn’t even think of chasing after it.
“Dante! Dante! Come to your senses!”
Tears welled up in Lyria’s eyes.
It was he himself who attracted Dante. Also, he accurately fulfilled his promise to protect himself until the end of the pay margin.
Dante was put in danger by mistaking the identity of the enemy from the beginning.
If something goes wrong, it’s all your fault.
“Aw, that’s the head. I was surprised.”
At that moment, Dante raised his upper body and touched his hair.
Lyria looked at him with a blank expression.
“Dante, are you okay?”
“Huh, that’s why instant magic circles are so good.”
Dante spread his palms. A gold coin-sized defensive magic circle was engraved with blue light.
At the moment of crisis, he rescued the defensive magic circle in the shortest time and split the shock wave.
Lilia finally understood the situation.
However, it was questionable whether that was possible in the moment when there was not even a second to spare.
The strength drained from her body, and she collapsed from the position she was standing on and hit her buttock.
“Ha, I’m glad. Sorry. Do you know how surprised I was when I thought you were dead?”
“If I was going to die like this, I would have died a hundred times more. What the hell is that anyway? How can the cerebral body make a shockwave?”
Lyria regained her composure and rose from her seat.
“Perhaps it is the law. I think it was a defensive instinct that suddenly popped out as I developed an ego.”
“The law? How can you use the law to produce such monstrous destructive power? It was almost magically powerful.”
Mages who use the law reinforce the opposite concept to pressure the concept they want to attack.
Therefore, if magic artificially distorts the phenomenon, it can be said that the law distorts the phenomenon according to the order of nature.
That’s why it’s true that it’s not tied to the equivalent exchange, but its physical power is inferior to that of magic.
“Perhaps it is a law that transcends human boundaries. In terms of ‘the number of laws’, if humans accept the law as 2, it is 1 for him. Because it was the law from the beginning. It would have been just a cerebral body for close to eons. Since such a being has materialized, the intensity of the law has no choice but to be different.”
“That’s why the information entropy was remarkably low. If it exists here, there’s no way it hasn’t appeared until now. Anyway, the lower the entropy, the faster the change will happen.”
Even if he was unfamiliar with information entropy, Lilia had the same thoughts in terms of lack of time.
“That’s the problem. We need to catch it ASAP. Since it has materialized, it will surely turn into something that will destroy the world.”
“but… … Are you still in the early stages? There is no guarantee that it will necessarily turn evil.”
Lyria firmly shook her head.
“It is not possible for Poriter to see all the calamities in the world. But once you see the future, it’s never wrong. He said it was a being that would bring about the end. I assure you, that cerebral body will eventually become evil.”
“Hmm, that’s right. but… … He wouldn’t have known that there was something here unless he was a potter. OK, so what do we do now?”
Lyria was about to say something, but looked at Dante.
There were things that had to be corrected before starting the rites in earnest.
“But you… … You are really strong. To be honest, I didn’t expect much help just because I was a student.”
“What, all of a sudden? Even if you don’t say that, I’ll help you, so don’t worry and tell me the plan.”
“No, I mean it. As a member of the Spirit Society, I came to perform numerous exorcism work. I fully understand how powerful the shockwave from earlier was. If it wasn’t for you, I wouldn’t have made it this far. I would like to express my gratitude on behalf of the Achaeans who follow goodness.”
Lillia politely put her palms together and bowed her head.
But Dante didn’t even care.
Awesome, thank you, these expressions have been heard so many times since I was young, now I’m going to have a yawn.
“Okay, so that’s okay. What are you going to do now? Since it has already materialized, is it a spirit soul? Wouldn’t that be useless too?”
“This is a cradle for a newborn cerebrate. I can’t leave easily Of course, it’s not a situation to relax.”
“Hmm, would you rather go outside and ask for help? No one believed in it before, but now you can see the existence of disasters with your own eyes, right?”
Lyria shook her head with a sad expression.
“late. After going to the city, everything will be over. If the mental body enters the stage of intellectual thinking, I can’t hold it.”
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 333 - Midwinter Night (4) 7.txt
===============================
[333] Midwinter Night (4)
“then? Do you have any other method in mind?”
Lyria pulled out the totem and held it out.
“I will isolate this area with the law while the cerebral body stays. I need to install a gold margin, so help me out. Do you know how to calculate a three-dimensional magic square?”
Dante shrugged his shoulders as if it was no big deal.
“what… … Because it’s my major.”
Since he majored in magic formations, he was qualified enough to assist with Lilia’s work.
But Dante was still in doubt.
Will this be enough?
Even if the mental body was isolated in the old castle ruins, it was a completely different thing to confine it to the barracks afterwards.
“Gold margin, can I finish it by tomorrow morning?”
“It depends on your skill level, but if you and I take half of it, it’s probably possible. But why?”
Dante looked back at the still-lit shopping street.
Perhaps there, countless couples were wandering the streets following the light like moths.
“I think this side needs some reinforcement.”
* * *
After breaking up with Dante, Shirone and Amy talked less than before.
It didn’t mean that the atmosphere was depressing.
Amy took Dante’s advice and was busy thinking about how to find her own style.
Shirone also had a complicated mind because he couldn’t perfectly control the incarnation of anger lurking inside.
‘It was really dangerous earlier.’
Armand got out of control and aimed at a person.
It wasn’t that Shirone’s mental training was insufficient. Rather, it was right to see that the size of his anger had grown stronger than before.
Of course, it is natural for people to change their personality as they go through life.
But it wasn’t the direction he wanted.
‘I need more fosters. During vacation, I will go to Teacher Ethella and ask for advice.’
After coming to that conclusion, Shirone visited the Snow Crystal, which Shakora had told her about.
“This is the lodging I was talking about.”
Amy didn’t evaluate anything and just looked at the atmosphere from the outside.
Shirone scanned the exterior of the building.
As Shakora said, the atmosphere was fine. The decoration was luxurious, and I liked the view of the endless snow fields.
Amy had no complaints about the dorm either. But she still had doubts.
This is because there is no reason for Shirone, a first-time traveler, to wander around looking for a special inn.
“Why are you insisting here?”
“huh. I recognized him and he said the atmosphere was great. You will be able to rest comfortably.”
“okay… … .”
If it was Shirone, then Amy didn’t have to say anything.
Although she has a practical personality, this trip also has the meaning of consolation, so she must have prepared in her own way.
So, on the one hand, I was sorry.
On a day like today, it would be okay to spend the night together, but her current state of mind was indescribably complicated.
“welcome. It is a snow crystal.”
Shirone opened the door and entered, surprised by the blindingly bright light.
Numerous lights illuminated the hall like daylight.
Passing through the passageway at right angles, there was a wide terrace, and tourists were drinking tea by the torchlight of the fire pit.
The bard’s music came.
The lyrics contain the desperate feelings of the ice queen who freezes everyone around her.
“Are there two of you?”
The staff guarding the counter asked with a smile.
“Yes, there are two of us.”
While Shirone signed a contract with the staff for a room, Amy was looking elsewhere from a distance.
It doesn’t matter if you’re traveling with a group of friends, but it felt strange to come to a place like this with two men and a woman.
“Two rooms, please.”
The clerk looked at Shirone and Amy for a moment, then nodded in agreement and put the key on the table.
“Yes, use 311 and 312. Take the stairs to the 3rd floor and turn right in the hallway. Accommodation is prepaid.”
After paying the amount, Shirone looked back at Amy, and she too slowly moved towards the stairs.
Said Shirone while walking down the hallway on the third floor.
“First, unpack your luggage in the room. If you are hungry, shall we go out and eat something?”
“no. I just want to rest today. My body feels a bit heavy after walking around in a cold place for a long time. Are you fine?”
If you’re really tired, you can rest as much as you like, but for some reason, Shirone got the feeling that she was lying.
Maybe you are more angry than you expected.
Even though he understood Dante’s advice with his head, emotions were another matter.
When Dante asked his opinion during an argument about the results of the graduation exam, he thought he should have sided with Amy.
“Amy, earlier… … .”
After reading Shirone’s thoughts, Amy gave a small smile.
“Do not misunderstand. Because it’s not like that. You know I have no regrets.”
Then, Shirone’s heart grew duller.
Doesn’t the fact that the word “endgame” came out mean that there is an end in itself?
After all, if Amy’s mind was already a mess, no words could ease her mood.
In this case, what was needed was time, not conversation.
“Okay then see you tomorrow.”
“huh. Rest in peace too.”
Amy unlocked the door with the key and entered. Shirone, who had been watching until there, also inserted the key into the center of the doorknob.
When I opened the door and entered, the first thing that caught my eye was the endless snowy field outside the windshield.
A few hundred meters away, a small torch lighted like a dot, and people were ice fishing there.
How nice it would have been to see this scene with Amy.
When I thought of that, I let out a sigh.
“Whoa.”
“Whoa.”
Shirone and Amy looked at each other at the same time. And as if he had promised, he turned to the door.
“What is this?”
There are two doors, but there is only one room.
And there was only one bed.
The two looked at each other with puzzled expressions.
Silence ensued for a while.
Shirone’s head was saturated with all sorts of thoughts.
Above all, it was the lodging that he had chosen after much struggle, so he had to come up with an excuse somehow.
‘Oh, what should I do? Should I ask for a room change? But here all the rooms are like this. Should I just get a refund? Wouldn’t Amy be offended? No, is she rather the opposite? I need a refund… … .’
Seeing Shirone with a white face, not knowing what to do, Amy let out a small sigh.
He said he was behaving inappropriately. And now that the situation had come to this, the woman had the right to decide.
Amy went to the closet and put down her backpack.
“I can’t do anything. Let’s unpack it first.”
“uh? Uh, yes!”
Shirone was still unconcerned.
As I was unpacking my bag without knowing what was in it, Amy asked in a passing tone.
“Who told you?”
“huh? what?”
“There’s absolutely no way I would have entered this place knowing it was like this, and didn’t someone else introduce me to this place?”
Despite feeling embarrassed, Shirone confessed honestly.
“Actually, your father… … .”
Amy grunted with a face of knowing that.
Since the spy was in the family, it was something that Shirone couldn’t argue with.
“They say the atmosphere is really good. I think you’ll like it too… … .”
The night view was definitely beautiful. However, it was a dangerous place for the two of them.
Amy, roughly organizing her clothes, pointed to the door and said,
“Let’s go down and have dinner.”
When Shirone and Amy left the room and came down to the counter, the staff asked with mischievous eye smiles.
“Do you like the room?”
Amy ignored the question and said.
“I’m going to grab a quick bite, where is the restaurant?”
It was around 11:00 when Shirone and Amy returned to their lodgings after satisfying their hunger.
It was like spending as much time outside as possible, but both knew that this was the final destination.
The whole process of washing and changing clothes came completely different from usual.
My body was as heavy as wet cotton because I had been running in a carriage since yesterday afternoon, but my mind became more and more clear.
No one stumbled upon the only bed.
They didn’t even discuss who would sleep in the bed.
Beds were taboo here.
The two sat side by side and looked at the horizon of the snowfield where the white snow meets the black night sky.
I was able to forget the reality for a while in the mystery of the night view.
But suddenly, a strange noise from the next room pulled their minds back into reality and threw them back.
When their eyes met, Shirone’s face brightened.
Amy avoided her gaze, desperately pretending to be calm.
“what? Why is your face red?”
“Yeah, but you seem to be a little blushing too.”
Amy definitely understood.
No matter how you think about it, this wasn’t it.
If I had to continue this atmosphere, I would rather sleep on a futon in hell.
“good! let’s talk frankly They’re not kids, you don’t have to do this, right? Currently we are spending the night together at an inn and I hear something going on next door. And unfortunately, there is only one bed. This is a very strange situation. But now it’s over. I know it’s a strange situation, so it’s not a strange situation anymore. admit? Now, I’m tired, so let’s go to sleep.”
Shirone felt more at ease. But on the other hand, he also didn’t like it.
How can emotions be cut like a radish?
“Are you really okay? I mean, I’m a man too.”
“know. But nothing will happen, right?”
Of course you will.
However, Shirone, whose pride was hurt inside, added a word in a crawling voice.
“That’s something I don’t know… … .”
Amy laughed at the timid protest. She remembered her family and her family, who she would be fantasizing about at home.
‘Anyway, the person called Dad… … .’
To make them conjoin with a man at an inn with such exquisite traps installed.
This is something that would never be possible with an ordinary aristocratic way of thinking.
However, the Karmis family, which values individuality, boasted an open-minded family style even in love.
Of course, no matter how open it was, it was unknown whether it would accept commoners.
Even so, making this decision meant that he liked Shirone that much.
In any case, the tension eased a little when he thought that there would be no need to look at the family in the future in his relationship with Shirone.
‘Come to think of it, it’s amazing.’
The Karmis family’s crimson eyes are better than any other ability at recognizing the opponent’s temperament.
However, it was also true that some talent was not noticed.
Shirone grew up at a frightening speed enough to be recognized by his strict father.
Even though he is the price of being eliminated, he is standing on the same line as the senior class, as promised a year ago.
1 year.
It has caught up to that huge gap in just one year.
But I didn’t feel it was unfair.
Even if Shirone were to start over and start over, he would have come to this place in the end.
“to be honest… … It’s true that I was angry with you earlier. I’m sorry you didn’t stand by my side when Dante asked.”
Shirone turned and looked at Amy.
“I do not know either. I just felt sorry for myself. When I heard that Zocre had passed, I was honestly very envious. I wondered what it would have been like if I had transferred schools. I wonder if I was stubborn about a subject I had no skill in. Maybe I’m just not talented enough to go to a prestigious school.”
“Amy, to think so… … .”
“know. If you think negatively, there is no limit. I think that’s why I was more pissed off at you. Because I was afraid to admit I was wrong.”
“But now you know what the problem is.”
“that’s right. Dante’s analysis is inaccurate. so i’m grateful but… … I’m still not sure. Will I be able to graduate just because I have a style? I am not confident no matter what I do.”
‘Amy… … .’
This is why defeat is scary.
The graduating class is the position at the top of the magic school.
The feeling of falling from the pinnacle was nothing compared to the feeling when the advanced classes failed the promotion test.
This is why people who fail the first graduation exam have a lower-than-average chance of passing the second graduation exam.
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 334 - Midwinter's Night (5) 2.txt
===============================
[334] Midwinter Night (5)
Shirone squeezed Amy’s hand tightly.
“Amy, you are strong. than anyone I know. I will definitely find a solution Because it has always been that way.”
Amy looked back at Shirone’s face. She felt electricity run through her body the moment their gazes collided.
The sight of the moonlight, the sound passing through the walls, and the touch of Shirone through her hands made her heart beat.
Just as if the things that made you shudder at the sight of your eyes just moments ago were lies, hot courage welled up in the hearts of the two.
‘Shirone… … .’
Amy had to make a choice.
Another hellish year was given.
Having already experienced one defeat, the only thing she had to worry about was the achievement of magic.
However, it was the first time since I was born that I wanted to depend on someone so much.
I had neither the strength nor the confidence to overcome it alone.
Even at this moment of silence, Shirone is looking at herself with an unwavering gaze.
You have to cross the river of no return.
If he turned his gaze away even here, Shirone would have left his side.
In order not to lose Shirone, you must accept it.
Amy thought she had finished her resolution. But at the same time, a new wave of hesitation flooded her.
selfish thoughts.
Even if you don’t choose anything, even if you coldly pretend you don’t know, is it greed that you want me to stay by your side like before?
‘Only one year… … Can’t you just give me one more year? Can’t you just stay like this until then so that I can make a careful decision?’
Amy slowly withdrew her hand. If this disappointed him, it was a hand he would never have let go.
Amy’s heart was filled with ridicule.
‘what? Are you done with your resolve? liar.’
I knew the truth.
That Shirone would wait.
I couldn’t help it even if I cursed at him for being selfish. Graduation exams and Shirone, none of which Amy could not give up.
“Thank you, Shirone. I’m glad you’re there.”
After spitting out the words, Amy wanted to hide somewhere.
The choice of words is such an insincere answer.
However, Shirone smiled kindly, just as Amy had expected.
“That goes for me too. Let’s work hard.”
Shirone gave Amy a firm grip on her shoulders and went back to her seat, laying the sleeping bag on the floor.
Amy was relieved. She felt as if she had returned to a past where nothing had happened before.
However, Shirone’s eyes with red eyes reminded him that it was reality.
How long can you wait for yourself?
Contempt for herself and apologetic feelings for Shirone were tangled in Amy’s eyes.
* * *
past midnight.
Zocre and the others were in a drunken state.
Still, he wasn’t satisfied, so he bought a large bottle of wine and snacks from a store and settled down in an empty lot around the fortress.
Zocre opened a bottle of strong whiskey and poured it into the glasses in front of Ludvans and Vivian.
Finally, having filled his glass, he passed the drink without even toasting.
“Wow, that’s very poisonous. What are you doing? Aren’t you going to drink?”
Ludvans asked anxiously.
“Aren’t you drinking too much? What are you going to do tomorrow?”
“Tch, if you feel sick, stay at the dorm.”
Vivian dipped her lips in her glass and looked up at the night sky.
“Ha, it’s okay to graduate. Before graduation, I thought I could really have a lot of fun. Not even men are twisted.”
Zokre pointed at himself with his thumb.
“We are men too.”
“Oops, Arthur. Are you going to hit me with that face?”
“haha! Vivian, you’re not pretty either.”
Ludbarns agreed.
“Yes, pretty should be as good as that Amy.”
Zocre’s expression crumpled.
“shit! I remembered again! How dare you ignore us? They haven’t even graduated yet!”
“By the way, what happened to you and Amy? She didn’t have to chase her to the rink. Such trivial actions are looked down upon by them.”
Then, Vivian also waited for an answer as if she was curious.
Certainly, at the skating rink, Zocre was more excited than usual.
Zokre intended to carry the events of his 13-year-old life with him to his grave. But when the alcohol got in, his mouth itched.
In fact, it was not a big deal to others, but it was an unbearable humiliation to the person concerned.
“I confessed to Amy right before I transferred to Eins.”
Vivian made a fuss at the unexpected words.
“Oh, really? so? So how did it go?”
“I don’t like it.”
“No, no?”
“okay! They say they hate me! Thank you for your heart, but it’s not a word that starts with , you’re a good kid, but it wasn’t. It wasn’t even a lie that there was a guy I liked! They just hate it!”
“Oh my, that’s really mean!”
“You are arrogant.”
Vivian and Ludvans threw one word at a time.
Zokre recalled that time and clenched his fists.
“You know what annoys me the most? That’s what I answered at the time. ‘Yeah, I’m sorry.’ I will never forget the humiliation of that time for the rest of my life.”
Vivian clicked her tongue.
“Anyway, the smooth-faced kids only know themselves? hey hey! rather good How big is the kid? We became wizards. Zocre! you won! now! drink.”
Zocre passed the whole bottle Vivian was pouring. His throat felt as if it were burning, and a fire welled up in his stomach.
But I felt fine. Still, the only people he could rely on were his friends.
What if it’s not a prestigious school?
I met a person I could relate to, so I had no regrets or remorse.
Zocre and his party served as a side dish for Zocre’s gruesome past, and continued to drink.
Then the world started spinning.
The winter wind howled and passed over the snowfield.
Suddenly, no one spoke.
Everyone knows that no matter how comforting you are, the truth will not change in the end.
Zocre couldn’t beat Amy.
Vivian bent back and touched the ground. Her eyes looking up at the sky were already open.
He let out a breath full of heat.
“Actually, what? Alpheas Magic School is one of the 5 most prestigious schools in the kingdom, and once you graduate, you can at least get a job at an authorized institution.”
Zocre and Ludvans silently agreed.
Becoming a wizard does not mean that everyone gets a job under the same conditions. The rank and connections of the aristocracy cannot be ignored, but since it is a merit-oriented society, the treatment is stark according to origin.
Anyone working in the wizarding community knew that there was a difference in competitiveness between prestigious schools and regular schools.
So it was only natural that the treatment was different.
said Ludbarns.
“Anyway, we graduated from magic school and became wizards. That’s great too. Wizards who didn’t even graduate from school and just learned a magic trick are all over the world.”
Whether you graduate from school or join a guild, the certificate you receive is non-official, so there is no difference.
Even so, the reason why students put their neck on the school was to engrave a line of school name in the khan of the license.
In fact, the level of magicians whose guild name was engraved in their place of origin had fallen to the point that Zocre and his party could make fun of them.
But that fact was no consolation.
On top of those from school, there are those from prestigious schools. And their ground task was a certified wizard license.
The wizards of the guild are also treated as pros because they make money with magic, but the only way to be recognized as a wizard in the kingdom was to obtain an official license.
However, not everyone can obtain a certified wizard.
Because it is one of the five major exams in the kingdom, the competition rate is enormous, and all talented wizards from all over the country gather.
Admission to a prestigious magic school, promotion every year, passing the graduation exam, taking the certified wizard exam and passing. You have to take this course to be treated as an elite in the wizarding society.
So, from the starting point, it was impossible to flirt with the other Zocre and his party, saying that they were only above the guild wizards.
Zokre shouted as he drank from the bottle.
“shit! We don’t care if others get licenses from the guild or not. After all, everyone at work is a wizard. Besides, our boss must have graduated from a prestigious school. look at dante He said he broke professional wizards ever since he was in the Royal Magic School.”
“But isn’t that just gossip in the journal submissions section?”
Zokre’s tongue gradually twisted.
“What do you know? It’s the same anyway. We have to compete on resumes with the top 5 kids in the kingdom. Would you vote for us in the association’s main body? Besides, we’re not even the highest aristocrats. In the end, you become 9th grade while chasing others, work like a dog and become 8th grade, and after about 10 years like that? All of the graduates of prestigious schools must have reached the 6th grade and sit in the manager’s seat.”
It was a word that came out while drunk, but it was not a lie. In the end, accepting the reality, Vivian nodded his head.
“but. Besides, prestigious schools are not the end. Even there, the kids who graduate with the highest grades rise to the 6th grade within 2-3 years. What are you saying to us?”
Zocre said while pointing his finger.
“You know what annoys me more? Such geniuses eventually become teachers and are assigned to prestigious schools? It’s an inheritance of talent. Because genius teachers teach, geniuses come. In short, we cannot even dare to intervene.”
Little by little, the elixir began to mix with Zocre’s words, but they weren’t entirely wrong.
Of course, there are those who have risen to the top of the wizarding society among ordinary school graduates.
However, such singularities lose their meaning in the face of the magic of average.
Those who graduated from ordinary schools are inferior to those from prestigious schools.
This was the only orthodoxy recognized by the world.
The pessimistic stories that sprang out of the mouths of Zokre and his party continued to hover around the drinking party, not going away even in the wind.
When I was in school, I thought it wouldn’t matter if I became a wizard. However, once he became a wizard, his earnest heart disappeared like a mirage and a new worry arose.
Looking at the stars, Vivian said a thought that came to her mind.
“Have you ever thought about this? It’s as if this world is a play. We live our lives, and someone is watching us.”
Zocre and Ludvans turned to Vivian.
“If that were the case, I would never be the main character. The audience will never want my success. You probably won’t even be interested. Get out of here, no, maybe you want me to die.”
Zocre looked at Vivian pitifully.
He was a sensitive friend since childhood. But what was truly heartbreaking was the fact that these remarks were not just out of drunkenness.
Maybe what she said is right.
“What are you worrying about? Life is not a play. that no one knows And no one cares about you.”
“But it is. Shirone, Dante, and Amy. Do they know how much we wanted to be like them? I don’t know. They just get along with each other. Maybe we didn’t have a place to intervene in the first place. Like an extra in a play.”
The atmosphere at the drinking party became extremely depressing.
In particular, Zocre couldn’t stand it because he was so pathetic that he couldn’t refute Vivian’s words.
“shit! what! It’s a graduation celebration trip! We passed! You became a wizard! I mean we won! All in all, meet the unlucky children!”
Zocre put the spout of the bottle in his mouth and blew on the nabal. The strong drink flowed down his throat.
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 335 - Midwinter Night (6) 5.txt
===============================
[335] Midwinter Night (6)
4 a.m.
The nature of the ice queen.
The brown wine bottle hit the castle wall and broke.
“You children! Come out! Come on!”
Drunk Zocre screamed loudly. His pupils were completely undone, and his steps were staggering.
Ludvans and Vivian supported him from left and right.
“Zocre, don’t do it. Then what do you do if you get caught? You can’t come in here at this hour.”
Depression turned into anger through intoxication.
Zocre needed something to fight for, and his fighting spirit for the world eventually made him go beyond the restricted area.
“haha! who touches me I am a wizard! A true wizard! Oh yes! I’ll blow up the guards with one magic shot!”
Zocre shook his body away from his friends.
Vivian and Ludvans couldn’t stop it. No matter how much alcohol they drank, they were also in a situation where their minds went back and forth.
At least, Ludvans, who did not have an injection, clung to Zocre again and led him back to his true nature.
“cold. let’s go in If you shout more here, you will get into trouble.”
“alcohol! Lud Barnes! Let’s have a drink! Let’s drink it up!”
“okay. So be quiet and follow me.”
The hall from which people had left was bleak.
In the daytime, the objects that were casually passed by gave off a grotesque feeling as if they had life.
The image of the Ice Queen reflected in the cold moonlight through the window was particularly eerie.
said Vivian, rubbing her shoulder.
“Some lighting magic.”
Zocre wasn’t in the mood to cast magic, so Ludvans and Vivian cast lighting magic.
However, since they were also drunk, the magic was successful only after several trials and errors.
With a popping sound, two lights rose to the ceiling, instantly brightening the hall.
Zokre crawled up the slippery ice steps.
Entering the corridor on the 1.5th floor, he quarreled with a wax figure of the Ice Queen trapped in a giant ice.
“Hey, Mr. Ice Queen? Good night? Would you like to have a drink together?”
No answer was heard.
“haha! Look! Legendary wizards are no big deal either. On the topic of sleeping trapped in ice at best! Is that even magic?”
-Magic. A law that twists the status quo. ice queen. Wizard.
The cerebral body absorbed information from Zokre.
Optrus, materialized by Lyria’s necromantic spirit, instinctively took refuge in the place where the most familiar thoughts were concentrated.
That place was the Ice Queen’s true nature.
This is because the ice queen accounted for the largest portion of the information that tourists vomited.
Optrus was quickly adapting to this world based on a lot of information.
After a certain point, awareness occurred in the mental body, where only sensations existed.
As the senses and cognition communicated with each other, the preservation of simple knowledge began to pass into the stage of thinking.
-I think. Highly exists.
Optrus came to the conclusion that it needed a form to prove its existence. And he found a special vessel that could materialize his thoughts.
The Ice Queen opened her eyes in a flash.
Zokre wasn’t surprised. Because he knows that standing on the foot of a wax figure opens his eyes.
The beauty of the ice queen made his wounds more throbbing at being so trivially abandoned by a woman.
Zocre knocked on the ice as if knocking on a door.
“Hey, my queen. Would you like to fall in love with me? huh? Hehehe.”
Vivian clicked her tongue as she looked at Zocre’s injection pathetically.
“It’s completely tasteless. hey, calm down If you lose your mind here, you will freeze to death.”
Zocre rolled up his sleeves and got into a fight with the Ice Queen.
“Okay, let’s stick together. It’s a wizard versus wizard battle. Instead, if I win, you will go out with me.”
As the information collected so far is classified into the category of experience, Optrus has reached the stage of judging the world based on its own standards.
-What is strength? superiority in some characteristic. quality control. Transformation, alteration, change of the physical system.
Then, a question suddenly came to my mind.
-then… … am i strong
“Stop it now. let’s go back let’s get some sleep How long are you going to stay here like this?”
Seeing that Zocre’s eyes were half locked, Ludvans hugged him from behind and dragged him.
Crossing her arms and sighing, Vivian glanced at the Ice Queen and followed Ludvans.
And the moment she took a step, she turned her neck as if it would break with a face full of astonishment.
“Uh huh?”
The ice queen’s eyes, which should have been looking straight ahead, were looking at her.
Vivian thought she was less sober.
However, no matter how much she regained her senses, the Ice Queen’s gaze was clearly sideways.
It felt like my hair was standing on end. I was in shock as my heart pounded as if it would explode.
“Hey, hey, guys… … .”
Zokre’s voice receded down the stairs.
“Well, you want to go out with me… … hmm?”
don’t leave me!
Vivian was so terrified that she couldn’t make a sound.
The Ice Queen’s gaze, apparently made of wax, now moved freely and looked around.
Emotionally, it seemed that he was analyzing what substance was imprisoning him.
Vivian was not sick, but felt like she was going to die.
No, it was even scarier than dying.
As time passed, the desire to live pushed air into my stomach as I felt that I was getting farther away from my friends.
Vivian shouted the loudest in her life.
“Yaaaaaa!”
The hall roared, echoing her screams.
As Ludvans descended the stairs and turned his head with a surprised look, a light flashed in the area where the Ice Queen was.
“what?”
Ludvans left Zocre and went up the stairs.
The ice queen was bathed in the radiance, and pale-faced Vivian watched it with her chin quivering.
“Lou, Ludbarns… … this this… … .”
The ice queen’s waxy skin cracked open, and light leaked through the cracks.
As her body vibrated, the ice mass cracked and split into thousands of gold pieces as if they were about to explode.
‘You have to avoid it. I have to avoid… … .’
The ice block exploded with a roar. At the same time, Ruud Barnes grabbed Vivian and threw his body.
Ice shards spread to the far end of the hall.
Zokre, who was on the stairs, hurriedly covered his face as shrapnel flew by. And he raised his head in amazement.
Vivian couldn’t take her eyes off the ice queen even the moment she hit her ass.
Inside the shattered wax figure was a phosphorescent glow that glowed golden.
It moved slowly and approached the railing.
As the light gradually faded, the ice queen appeared, full of liveliness that was incomparable to that of a moment ago.
Vivian muttered in disbelief.
“The Ice Queen… … Are you resurrected?”
Having watched the Ice Queen’s return up close, she clearly saw the wax skin cracking like a mold and filling it with a new Ice Queen.
Zocre arrived in the hallway across the street and was about to run to Vivian, but stopped abruptly.
Like Vivian, his face was white.
“The Ice Queen?”
Was the legend true?
If the current situation was not a dream, he was now confronting the wizard who had fallen countless people to death.
“Haaaaa.”
The Ice Queen opened her mouth and let out air. The air began to freeze like a thin layer of ice as the frost leaked out.
“This is the freezing phenomenon.”
It was a beautiful voice.
But upon encountering the Ice Queen’s inanimate eyes, Zokre felt the blood running through his veins freeze.
The Ice Queen, who had been looking at Zocre with indifferent eyes, said.
“If you beat me, I’ll do it for you. It’s called dating.”
“eww… … Aaaaaa!”
Zokre’s nerves raced toward death.
On the contrary, the desire to live quickly removed the energy of alcohol and unfolded the magic that had been trained for the longest time.
A fireball was born on the palm of your hand.
Zocre’s specialty is short-range flame magic.
Although the rate of fire was not fast, it was able to boast that it was not defeated by anyone in terms of power.
“Joke! no!”
Vivian shouted. From the third person’s point of view, it was a reckless act.
However, if she ever made eye contact with the Ice Queen, she would have had no choice but to do the same as Zokre.
“Die, die!”
The fireball thrown by Zocre hit the Ice Queen’s head.
No, it seemed that he had no intention of avoiding it from the beginning. A popping sound set the top of her neck on fire.
“Kyaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah
Originally a wax figure, Vivian screamed as she imagined a human candle.
In any case, the water had already been spilled.
Ludvans, who was rational at least, murmured while carefully examining the Ice Queen’s movements.
“Is he dead?”
The Ice Queen didn’t even move. Because all her nerves are focused on her brain.
It was interesting to experience the sensation for the first time after getting the shape.
The pain of burning his face was terrible because he changed the law into a creature form.
But to her, who couldn’t clearly define pain, pain was just an abnormal sensory state.
‘Is this the heat? It absorbs energy and suppresses it.’
As the energy was sucked in through the law, the fire disappeared in an instant and the atmosphere around it froze.
The ugly distorted face of the Ice Queen was revealed.
Zocre, the person who made it so, got numb in his hamstrings and hit his butt.
“Ahh, buy, save… … .”
The Ice Queen savored the seizure of the nerves gathered in her face.
Pain was a truly unpleasant sensation.
‘The brain… … .’
As she approached Zocre, the Ice Queen’s face began to regenerate little by little.
“It almost melted.”
If your brain melts, you die.
it’s a creature.
“Help me! Wrong!”
Zokre fell flat and begged for his life. Dealing with a mage who was alive even after burning his face was madness.
“Zocre!”
Vivian and Ludvans ran and blocked Zocre’s way.
Even though they couldn’t be the Ice Queen’s opponents, Zocre felt that the friends who stood in front of him were like saviors.
Vivian fell to her knees and ej*culated.
“Help me! It was because my friend was drunk! I never had any intention of attacking the queen.”
“alcohol?”
Alcohol. brain. Disrupting substances.
“Right.”
The Ice Queen turned her attention away when she discovered that the cause of her pain was a brain disruptor.
“I don’t think absorbing something called alcohol is very beneficial to a creature.”
“yes! yes sorry.”
“Then what are you going to do now?”
The Ice Queen asked with pure doubt.
I was born as a human and met a human. If so, they wondered what they would do to themselves.
Innocence and madness go hand in hand, so the Ice Queen’s honest question terrified Zocre.
“I will do anything you ask me to do. So please, just spare my life.”
“Are you doing what you’re told to do?”
“Yes, whatever… … .”
The Ice Queen tilted her head.
“why?”
Zokre looked up at the Ice Queen with bewildered eyes.
When I came to my senses, I thought that her way of speaking and behavior was strange.
However, if the legend is true, it has been in hibernation for 800 years. It is very possible that he lost his memory.
“Of course, the queen is the ruler. She is also a great wizard. So she must rule again.”
“control?”
The Ice Queen’s head tilted even more. Then, as if something didn’t like her, she furrowed her brow.
Although it borrowed a human form and gained individuality, the speed of information processing was remarkably low.
However, such discrepancies in the nervous system were only accepted as a characteristic of living things, not unpleasant.
“Right. I rule. Because I am strong.”
Zokre let out a sigh of relief.
As expected, the Ice Queen was the Ice Queen. Had she acted on her trick, she would have surely lost her life.
“This is a wise statement. It is different from us who are weak.”
Zocre groaned endlessly.
It’s the point where you’ve worked hard all your life and finally got your first results.
If he was killed by a dog in a remote place before he even enjoyed his life as a wizard, he would not be able to close his eyes even after becoming a corpse.
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 336 - Midwinter Night (7).txt
===============================
[336] Midwinter Night (7)
Thinking of Zokre’s words, the Ice Queen gently bent down and looked down at him.
“Do you want to become strong too?”
Zokre blinked absentmindedly, not understanding the Ice Queen’s intentions.
In the legend, she was a sorceress so powerful that even the kingdom could not handle it. Wasn’t that why she was exiled to a place like this?
But survival came first. It would have been a waste to get caught up in a futile newspaper and offend the queen.
“I want to be strong!”
Suddenly Vivian shouted.
Zokre looked back in amazement.
‘You fool!’
Are you still sober?
Of course, it wasn’t that she didn’t understand her feelings.
How long have you been frustrated all your life?
If one day God appeared and said he would grant a wish, it was the people of this bottom who gave up wealth and fame and lifelong lovers and asked for magic.
But this time the timing wasn’t good.
What can you expect from a woman who has not only frozen everything around her but also trapped herself in ice?
Maybe it’s because the situation right now is so unrealistic.
That’s why her theory of life drama might have been advanced.
Vivian, whether aware of Zocre’s burning feelings or not, was looking up at the Ice Queen with desperate eyes.
Even if this were a trap in life, she knew it wasn’t an opportunity that came to everyone.
“Teach me, my queen. Magic on me!”
The suppressed drunkenness came up all at once as the sad emotions surged.
But his mind was clearer than at any other time in his life.
The Ice Queen raised her hand without speaking.
The information acquired when he was Optrus is currently stored in a space called memory.
Also, since she was born on her own, she accepted the rules of this world as pure information, so she could control them.
wave of rate.
The strong wind spread so much that the atmosphere drew concentric circles.
However, Zokre and his party couldn’t feel the wind. He only realized that something made up of him had changed.
Zocre and the others looked into their hands and trembled in disbelief.
The world they feel is completely different from just a moment ago.
The Ice Queen said nonchalantly.
“Is that the law you want?”
Zocre, who was deeply moved, shook his head, unable to even answer.
You can neither feel nor realize. until that happens.
But you must feel it and realize it. if that situation comes up.
That was the change of the law.
‘Nonsense. How is this possible?’
Zokre clasped his hands.
Vivian was right.
Today’s incident was the biggest and most complete reversal that could happen in one’s life.
wave of rhythm (1)
the next morning.
Shirone and Amy toured the prison in the old castle.
The flow of time had crumbled and eroded it, and now it was half exposed above the ground.
Although magic has a long history, its academic definition was relatively recent. 800 years ago, there was not enough research on batteries, so primitive magic was the main focus.
Especially at that time, the power of the Holy Church was so strong that it was the time when the foundation of the current Holy Magic was established.
As such, wizards were persecuted.
The ability that did not borrow the name of God was considered the power of the devil, and there were many wizards who were abandoned by their families.
The two were taken to a prison where wizards were captured and tortured.
In front of the machine that bound the limbs and stretched the spine, Shirone wiped away a chilling goosebumps.
“Ugh, how do you come up with a tool like this? It must have been really painful.”
“Wizards must have had a hard time too. Magic isn’t something you can say you want. It’s a gifted talent now, but at the time it must have been a curse.”
Shirone and Amy left the dungeon.
When I climbed the stairs connected to the ground, everyone was staring at the sky. A huge dark cloud was rolling in from the sky on the other side.
Winters in the Leth Mountains were famous for clear skies as westerly winds rose through the mountains and created high pressure.
Occasionally, localized cyclones drop snow, but even those who visit the annual winter festival have never seen such thick dark clouds.
“what? It doesn’t look like it will rain.”
The wind was not strong. Even so, the dark clouds were approaching at high speed like smoke and covering the sky.
The temperature began to drop rapidly.
As a cold wave hit, even people wearing thick clothes felt the cold, and anxiety was finally revealed on the faces of the tourists.
“What, what? Is the weather crazy?”
Shirone and Amy also tightened their collars and watched the situation.
It was an abnormal temperature that could not be regarded simply as a change in the weather.
“Amy, something is strange. In nature, the temperature cannot drop so quickly.”
“I know. It’s like magic, right?”
A thunderclap erupted from the ice queen’s castle. Then, a powerful wave that was born pushed the dark clouds away and galloped away.
The folds of the atmosphere along the grain were clearly visible.
“Dangerous!”
Shirone stood in front of Amy.
There wasn’t even time to dodge. Waves rushing in at high speed were approaching, sweeping away from the outskirts of the crowd.
“Move!”
A woman in uniform stopped Shirone and Amy.
It was Mage Lyria.
She moved her fingers quickly and signed the hand sign.
The barriers of the law spread as the three basic signs of the rites, prohibition, antiban, and suppression, were connected in succession like water flowing.
The moment a powerful wave swept through them, a shock wave exploded in front of Lilia’s eyes.
“Wow!”
Lyria’s body flew backwards like a cannon ball.
The tourists all stared at her. Her wave swept through, but she was the only one who actually got her shock.
“What, what? what’s the matter?”
Even after falling to the floor, Lilia continued to roll over.
Dante came across and lowered his stance. And he received her exactly as her breast.
“are you okay?”
Leaning on Dante, Lyria bit her lip. Although she has done numerous edicts so far, this is the first time she has ever used such a powerful law.
Shirone and Amy found Dante and ran.
They had a hunch that the woman in Dante’s company had protected them from something.
“Dante, what is it? What’s going on?”
Dante put off an answer and stood Lyria up.
Law, unlike magic, has no physical impact. Whether Shirone and Amy were normal was something that Lillia had to answer.
“How are you? Did you succeed?”
“It was close. how about you?”
The wave of Yul spread quickly, and it was impossible for Lilia to defend both places. No matter how excellent a magician was, it was impossible to block the law if he could not control the will of gold, half, and chain.
Dante pulled out the totem from his neck.
“Thanks to.”
A pendant shaped like a monster’s face hung from a twisted birch bark collar.
Even though it looked ferocious, it was a guardian deity that chased away evil spirits.
There was a crack diagonally along the forehead of the guardian deity, which was caused by being exposed to the waves of the law.
When I put it on my palm, I couldn’t stand it and it split in two with a crackling sound.
Dante held out his totem with a shy expression.
“Didn’t I say there was only one? Sorry.”
Lyria shook her head vigorously.
“You don’t have to be sorry. Because totem is like that. It means that the law was strong enough to split the rachals. I’m just glad I stopped.”
Shirone could not understand the conversation between the two. Anyway, the situation seemed serious, so I intervened.
“Dante, what happened?”
Lyria answered.
“I was lucky. you will be fine.”
Amy asked with a frustrated expression.
“So, what the hell is going on?”
Lyria looked at Shirone and Amy alternately.
It was already foreseen that the cerebral body that had gained a self would change the laws around it in order to survive. In such a situation, there were only two or three people that Lyria could save from the law in an instant.
There are currently hundreds of people gathered here alone.
And among them, there must have been people who had the necessary abilities for this ritual.
Is it really the right choice?
I couldn’t foresee the consequences of giving up on them all and protecting a couple who weren’t even 20 years old.
“Dante, who are these kids? I did not follow your words to save your friends.”
Dante looked back at the true nature of the Ice Queen and said.
“You said second place.”
“Second place? What comes second?”
Dante squinted one eye.
It was something I found out while spending the night, but Lilia really didn’t notice.
I didn’t want to give a long explanation. Even if you talked about it in verse, what would be left for you?
“He is number one. First place in the kingdom.”
Lyria looked back at Shirone with a surprised expression.
The reason why he formed an alliance with Dante even though he is not a professional yet is because he is an outstanding talent recognized in the kingdom.
Since mages do not have a competitive system like wizards, they were not particularly impressed when they heard that they were ranked second.
How many people are in the kingdom, what does it matter whether they are first or second?
If you’re just second, you’re a very good student.
But here it was.
It was a shock to her to have first and second place in one place in this vast kingdom.
‘This kid really beat Dante?’
It was a good impression. Except for the fact that his eyes are alive, the aura of No. 1 in the country could not be found anywhere.
Dante’s skills were personally experienced yesterday morning.
His ability to respond to actual battles, judgment, and outstanding skills were comparable to those of the pros.
To be honest, as a mage, Lilia couldn’t imagine what her skills surpassed him.
Dante said, pointing to the Ice Queen’s true nature.
“Come. Shirone and Amy are ready too. You probably don’t understand, but you better relax.”
A woman wearing the same dress as the Ice Queen was flying here across the sky.
“Um, isn’t that the ice queen?”
The ice queen arrived in the sky and slowly descended to the ground.
There was a flash of light in the distance, and a curved flash of space travel flew in and crashed beside her.
Amy’s eyes widened.
“Zocre? why are you… … ?”
Zokre laughed and prostrated himself behind the Ice Queen. Then Ludvans and Vivian landed.
No one understood the situation.
At least Shirone and Amy were feeling a sense of crisis, but the tourists rather seemed to have relaxed and smiled.
“haha! Are you the real ice queen? What kind of event is this?”
“Wow, are they really similar? How did you find the same person among wizards?”
It was natural to consider it as part of the festival.
Otherwise, the ice queen couldn’t actually walk around right in front of her eyes, right?
If Shirone hadn’t seen the shockwave that erupted right in front of Lyria’s eyes, she would have thought that the organizers had held the most concert.
Tourists clapped and cheered as the Ice Queen stepped out into the crowd.
Winter festivals are held every year, but this year’s special event was even more novel than they thought.
Thinking of resurrecting the legendary Ice Queen?
Even the ice queen made of wax has many fans in love with its beauty. However, the appearance of the woman playing her role was so beautiful that it could not be compared to a wax figure.
It was a brilliant ability possessed by the power of life.
“Whee! Ice Queen! Please hold my hand just once!”
The pot-bellied man smiled broadly and held out his hand, and the person next to him stopped as if it were Arthur.
“Oh, rudely. Then she might freeze.”
People burst into laughter. No one realized that this was the real situation.
Even in the middle of the joke, the ice queen just moved on with a nonchalant face.
Lyria kept an eye on the Ice Queen’s every move while holding hands.
‘What? What law did you touch?’
The wave of the law changed the laws of everyone except Shirone and the others.
Nothing special had happened yet, but judging from the power of the wave, the range of change would have been enormous.
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 337 - Wave of Law (2).txt
===============================
[337] Wave of Law (2)
The Ice Queen said, raising her hand slowly.
“You weak humans, kneel before me.”
When the ice queen’s voice was quite sincere, the tourists clapped and rejoiced.
“Nice voice! Is that plausible?”
“Hey, my queen! look back on this one too Don’t do that, take this opportunity to shake hands with the ice queen… … Kuck!”
The man suddenly grabbed his neck and fell to his knees.
The same situation happened to people at the same time.
His blood-soaked face was red as if it would burst at any moment. He desperately sucked in air, but his breathing was becoming more and more rough.
The only people standing normally were Shirone and the others.
Shirone observed the changes in people. Before they knew it, necklaces with cone spikes were stuffed around their necks.
Lyria frowned and muttered.
“That’s the Law Wheel… … ?”
The wheel of the law is an exorcism tool of the rites meeting that contains the principles of the law in its shape, and its effectiveness is maximized the closer it is to a perfect circle.
Law wheels that could be obtained from civilians were merely imitations, and at best they promoted mental and physical stability.
However, it was impossible to manufacture the official Dharma wheel possessed by the ancestral priest unless the arms maker had reached the state of nirvana.
In Lilia’s eyes, the Law Wheels hung around people’s necks were genuine.
It is impossible to distinguish Won’s perfection with the naked eye, but the priests who have gone through long training can feel Won’s temperament with their inner eyes.
“The Wheel of Redemption. It’s not a thing of this world. you guys be careful too If you get swept away by the waves of the law, that’s what you’ll end up with.”
When all the people who were affected by the wave of the law lost strength in their legs and knelt down, the wheel of the law loosened and air finally entered their prayers.
Heavy breathing could be heard from everywhere.
“Ouch! Wow! what? Who filled this necklace?”
“hey! Someone please release this!”
Zokre felt a shudder run down his spine as he watched the people screaming in terror.
The shape of the law wheel was the embodiment of the Ice Queen’s own memories, but the way she strangled people was a strategy she proposed.
The Ice Queen can change the rules of the world.
To be honest, I wondered if this was possible, but when I saw everyone kneeling, I realized it.
The legend of the Ice Queen, which dominated the era 800 years ago, was true without a single lie.
‘done! It really is! I never thought a day like this would come to me.’
At this rate, ruling the world was no longer a dream.
What’s more, she couldn’t remember anything from the past, probably because she had been in hibernation for 800 years.
The wizard who terrorized the world has become a child who can be coaxed with a piece of candy.
‘I will have the Ice Queen.’
After tidying up the place, he was thinking of gently coaxing the Ice Queen into becoming his woman.
It was strange to be dating someone over 800 years old, but if you coaxed it out, you’d be able to get over it, and most of all, she was beautiful.
Even compared to Amy, who had dumped herself coldly five years ago, her appearance was not inferior in the slightest.
While alone in such a delusion, the Ice Queen turned to Zocre and asked.
“Is it okay to do this?”
Zocre smiled with satisfaction at the Ice Queen’s attitude of asking and relying on even the smallest things.
However, there was no need to be offended so far, so I answered with my head bowed as if I were dealing with a real queen.
“yes. Everyone will obey the queen.”
Lyria realized that most of the elements that made up the Ice Queen’s personality were influenced by Zokre.
‘In the end, is it according to the prophecy… … .’
As with most Advent myths, this time the Ice Queen would meet a single human and plunge the world into an abyss of evil.
Shirone looked at the dreary landscape where hundreds of people were kneeling with a tired expression.
“What is this? I don’t think it’s magic.”
It was a natural question for those who did not know the law.
It is not equivalent exchange.
There was no way to get the wheel of the law to strangle hundreds of people for not following directions.
Eating out by Lee Ki-rin, head of the fairy department in heaven, was not so disastrous.
Dante, who did not have time to explain, spoke briefly.
“It is the ability called the law. be careful. That woman has the ability to change the rules of the world.”
“A change in the rules?”
The first thing Shirone thought of was the Akashic Records.
However, no being other than the Infinite Wizard could twist the rules on such a grand scale.
If so, one possibility.
It was the case with the Akashic Records from the beginning.
“which… … Is it like a conceptual body?”
Lyria opened her eyes wide and turned her head.
It was impossible to see the spirit body dedicated to the human body and grasp its essence unless you were a practitioner of the spiritual system.
‘This child knows the law… … .’
Most people go through their lives unaware that the world operates according to the rules of the whole.
It was surprising that Shirone was aware of the mechanism of the law, which was handed down to only a few people in the shrine.
“that’s right. In the first place, it was a mental body that could not be identified. It’s a phenomenon called a demigod. It is impossible for you who do not know the law to defend. Don’t fall away from me.”
Amy raised her fist and shouted at Zokre.
“you! What the hell are you up to?”
“ha ha ha! decorate? Do you still see this as a joke? We will conquer the world.”
“Stop talking nonsense! Are you sure?”
Zocre sneered and told the people.
“Everyone worship the Queen. If you don’t obey, the queen’s law will kill you.”
As the wheel of the law tightened their necks and entered, the black-and-white people put their hands on the floor and groaned.
Then he shouted in a strained voice.
“Hey, long live the queen!”
“I will follow the Queen!”
When the faces of those who worshiped the queen returned to a calm state, Shirone finally realized the seriousness of the situation.
The law also applies to Zokre’s instructions. This is because, unlike magic, which logically designates a target, the law rebalances the whole.
The sound of praising the ice queen pierced the sky, and Zokre tasted a pleasure he had never felt before in his life.
It was as if they all worshiped him.
“how is it? this is my strength If you come under me even now, I’ll save you from that kind of situation.”
Zocre expected to see Shirone and the others tremble. However, contrary to expectations, no one moved and watched the situation.
With his hands in his pockets, Dante crookedly walked out.
“Hey, you. How’s your mind going? Do you know what you are doing?”
“under! do you think i’m crazy you’re welcome! Don’t you know what people are like by looking at them? You will end up like that too.”
“You, you just almost killed hundreds of people.”
The blood drained from Zokre’s face.
“You want to rule the world? Do you know what that means or are you talking about it? Can you really take responsibility for those words?”
“Ouch… … !”
Zokre couldn’t answer.
Becoming the ruler of the world is an ambition that every man has had at least once. But when he came back to reality he was just a 1 human being who hated going to prison and hated dying even more.
The Ice Queen can change the rules. So if you put her on a leash, she will obey her commands even if she doesn’t want to die.
This was all of Zocre’s calculated thoughts.
But what if you refuse?
They all become corpses with their neck bones broken.
Of course, no one wants to die, but once I imagined it, I felt an unbearable fear.
‘Can I really conquer the world?’
As Dante said, he may have been insane for a while.
While I was thinking that, I heard Vivian’s voice.
“joy! what did that mean? According to us, no one dies! Then you will be the first victim!”
Zocre looked back at Vivian with a blank expression. Overnight, her eyes had completely changed.
“How long did you know you were the main characters of the world? We are the ones in control of this situation!”
‘Vivian… … .’
Zocre saw Vivian and realized.
She was prepared to lose everything to get the one chance in her life.
Yes, there is nowhere to back down. If you’ve come this far, you’ll have to see the end no matter what.
Because great undertakings require courage.
Zocre, regaining his composure, held out his hand and walked out.
“Get down on your knees, Amy. and blame me Otherwise, I will kill everyone in this room.”
Shocked by Zokre’s words, the people raised their heads. I already felt like the law wheel was tightening my neck.
“hey! Get on your knees! I’m really going to die like this!”
“You damn kids! I mean do it quickly! I wish I was wrong!”
The tourists didn’t care what Shirone’s party did to Zocre.
If you don’t follow the instructions, everyone will die.
Even if you didn’t do anything wrong, of course you should obey Zocre.
“Pray! I’m begging them all! I have a wife and children! It’s nothing!”
“Please save me! Do as you say!”
None of Shirone’s party moved.
If you give up the initiative here, you will have no choice but to be dragged in the future according to the intention of Zokre and the others.
Amy glared at Zocre with cold eyes.
“Why is it me? Why do you want to accept my apology? Because I didn’t accept your heart?”
Zocre’s face turned red as Amy hit him in the head.
I couldn’t find her embarrassed look at the skating rink. This was a battlefield, and caring about her personal feelings was a luxury.
‘It works. Did he really want an apology from me for that? Foolishness is… … .’
Provoking Zocre doesn’t come with a particularly good countermeasure, but to create a variable, you had to shake the opponent.
According to the plan, Zocre couldn’t hide his embarrassment. His rage flared up as if his own narrow-mindedness had been discovered.
“shut up! If you don’t listen to me, everyone will die! Are you really saying you don’t care if everyone here dies?”
said Dante.
“If people die, you killed them. we didn’t do anything Either become a murderer and live on the run for the rest of your life.”
Dante was sincere.
To a wizard, distinguishing between good and evil is not a very important issue. In situations where there is no solution, it is better to sacrifice people than to rush to the worst.
“Amy, you don’t have to be swayed by that guy’s words. Because he doesn’t even have the guts to do that.”
Zokre shouted menacingly.
“joy! Is it really so? really kill me yes!”
Terrified people lashed out at Amy.
“You damn bitch! Are you really going to kill them all? Get down on your knees! I wish I was wrong!”
“Please save me! I’m going to die like this!”
Amy bit her lip.
Her judgment was no different from Dante’s. Even if she complied with her opponent’s request, a bigger request awaited.
However, when he was singled out, the lives of hundreds of people were at stake in his judgment, so the blood had to run dry.
“Let’s take some time. I will do as you say.”
The corner of Zokre’s mouth went up as Amy approached.
‘That’s right, what can I do to hold on?’
Then, Shirone grabbed Amy’s shoulder. As her Amy looked back at her startled expression, she saw sparks in Jokre’s eyes.
“what are you doing? Even if everyone dies, you want to take care of your lover’s pride, right?”
Shirone did not deny it.
“okay. There is no reason Amy should obey you.”
Zokre’s face twisted.
Is it the cool-headedness of so-called wizards?
No, it’s arrogance.
Building a lover’s pride cannot be worth hundreds of lives.
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 338 - Wave of Law (3) 4.txt
===============================
[338] Wave of Law (3)
“How about figuring out the subject? Don’t you know what the situation is? You’re the best at school, do you think your name will work in a place like this?”
Shirone couldn’t hear Zocre’s words.
If we persist like this, people will die. But if that’s what it ends up being, there was a much simpler solution.
Shirone narrowed her focus like a sniper. The Ice Queen’s face came into view clearly.
‘I have to finish it at once.’
Eliminate the Ice Queen in the shortest amount of time.
If that happens, the strange ability that dominates the space here will also disappear.
As Shirone maintained a poker face, Zocre suffered from psychological pressure.
It felt like a poker game where someone who was sure to be holding a bully had gone all-in.
‘What the hell are these guys doing?’
How dare you act when hundreds of lives are at stake. It was something that could never have happened in his common sense.
Because you’re underestimating yourself. When she thought of that, her anger rose uncontrollably.
“How dare you look down on me!”
The moment Zocre shouted, Shirone’s Armand came out of its scabbard and rushed like a flash.
What Armand was aiming for was the Ice Queen, not Zocre.
The Ice Queen invoked the law and quickly moved away. Even so, as she slowed down, she flew up into the sky.
‘The law of destruction.’
The ice queen’s law was put on Armand. However, the demonic sword only trembled and was not destroyed.
‘why?’
It was an unfamiliar experience for the Ice Queen.
‘Incarnation?’
Objects that have formed the perfect trinity cannot be changed by the law, and they are called incarnations in heaven.
The Ice Queen activated the Law of Freezing. Armand’s blade was frosted and the ice began to Klump together.
As the speed slowed down, the Ice Queen regained her composure. But she suddenly felt her impact on her back as if something had bumped into her.
‘what?’
The law of freezing was amplified without even having time to find an answer to the question. Trapped in a huge block of ice, Armand fell to the ground unable to withstand his weight.
The Ice Queen immediately turned around and cast a wave of yul at the spot she had collided with. With a pop, a translucent dome-shaped barrier spread across the sky.
‘Something is blocking the space.’
Zokre put on a blank expression. Dante, who had been setting up gold margins all night, spoke triumphantly.
Dante, who had set up the bar all night long, spoke triumphantly.
“How about the surprise I prepared for you? The area is already sealed off. I hit a gold margin by plugging my totem all night. The Ice Queen will never get out of here.”
Zocre slowly turned his head to look at Dante. The Ice Queen is trapped. It was the worst situation imaginable.
“You’re going to rule the world just by begging a monster like that? Does the place where you live look so comfortable? The army will arrive soon. Even if we die here, the Ice Queen will eventually perish. good end now Then extenuating circumstances will be possible.”
Zokre’s chin trembled. breathing became rough. When the army is dispatched, the ice queen is destroyed. She, of course, herself and her friends would pay for her felony.
“You locked me up.”
The Ice Queen landed. The chill she brought with her spread across her land, making people’s bones ache.
Shirone did not avoid being killed by the Ice Queen. Rather, she met her eyes as if to attack her, and grabbed Armand’s handle as if snatching it back after breaking the ice. The jewel embedded in the cross guard was emitting an intense red light. He knew that the opponent he was competing with was not formidable.
“Queen, are you okay?”
The Ice Queen looked back at Zocre, who was asking anxiously, and patted his head with a friendly eye smile.
But when he looked back at Shirone, his eyes were completely different. A cold gaze seemed to pierce his heart like a spear of ice.
“Why are you disturbing me?”
“Don’t you see what you’ve done? And aren’t you the first to disrespect other people’s lives?”
“You are foolish. The strong rule. Aren’t those the rules of the world in which you live? I just want to reign over you as the new ruler.”
A chill rose above the Ice Queen’s head.
“Ice Haze.”
The chill quickly spread around the Ice Queen. Shirone’s coat froze hard and then cracked. The cooling rate is too fast. Even if it was just a few seconds, the people around them would freeze up to their hearts.
“Dangerous!”
Lyria casts a local seal at the feet of the Ice Queen. A circular gin was drawn with light, and then a reddish column of light soared high.
“Keugh!”
The Ice Queen’s face twisted. It felt like the core of oneself was escaping downward, as if an object could not violate the law of gravity.
As the Ice Queen raised the law and soared into the sky, Lilia raised her head with a sad expression.
“no. It is too active to be confined by local sealing margins. You have to tie her down somehow.”
The face of the Ice Queen, whose expression could not be controlled, was grotesque. The power of Bongmajin was astounding. Even when her brain was on fire, she was the one who didn’t feel the fear of extinction.
“I will not forgive you!”
When the Ice Queen casts the Wave of Law, the law hanging from people’s throats disappeared and a new law was born.
“Kuaaaaa!”
People’s muzzles stick out like dogs, and their teeth sharpen. As his muscles swelled, his clothes were ripped and his fingernails grew like wolves. The hardened skin protrudes like armor.
“I’m evolving it into a state suitable for battle!”
Dante shouted at Lyria’s words.
“Let’s finish before joining. If you focus your firepower, you can win. Lyria focuses on defending the law.”
The moment Shirone and the others were about to fly to the Ice Queen, Vivian muttered as she put her hands on the ground.
“The radius of the spirit.”
The ground shook as Vivian’s body petrified. Centered around her, her circular barrier rose and spread in series.
thud! thud! thud! thud! thud!
The distance between the walls that spread in the form of radiation once every 10 guns was 10 meters. And all these radii were forming her mind.
“shit! What’s this!”
Shirone and the others hurriedly retreated, but before they could take a few steps, a wall rose up behind them. It was a 30 meter high barrier.
The moment they panicked, the wall in front of them melted away and the shape of Vivian’s face protruded in relief. The upper body came out, and the lower body stretched like a snake and connected to the wall.
“Whoops. how is it? My ability, the radius of the spirit.”
As Vivian raised her hands, Zocre and Ludvans jumped down and landed like cranes on her palms.
“haha! That’s bad. You pretended to be proud, but this is all?”
The radius of the spirit builds a barrier shared with the caster’s mind at a rate of 10 meters per second. However, there was a disadvantage that the reaction would drop to the level of an inanimate object if the wall was built too far away because the density of the mind would decrease as the radius widened. But Vivian was satisfied with her abilities. Her desire to attract everyone’s attention was embodied by the Ice Queen with her ability.
“This is a perfect maze. If you hold on to me at the center, the radius of your spirit will be released. But can you find your way?”
“You don’t have to run around like a mouse.”
Dante cast teleportation. It was enough to jump over a 30-meter barrier. Then a number of Vivians sprang out from the top and swung their petrified hands.
“Sheesh! It’s tricky.”
If she collided with the petrified Vivian with linear teleportation, she could not avoid fatal wounds. As Dante landed with an annoyed expression, Shirone picked up Armand and set it upright.
“I’ll take over the Ice Queen.”
The moment everyone turned to Shirone, he chanted.
“Geumgang Armed Forces.”
As the blade split, a bone as thin as an insect’s leg swallowed Shirone’s face. As soon as they turned into wizards with their hoods pulled down, the faces of Zokre and his party hardened.
Dante asked.
“Is that the Golden Armed Forces? What are you going to do?”
“Armand endured the law. With the Diamond Armament, you might be able to stop the Ice Queen’s law.”
Lyria nodded.
“Is it possible. It’s like the principle of totem. But the Ice Queen is in the sky. You have to find a way out of her first.”
Shirone raised her face hidden by her hood. The radius of the spirit, which creates clones at the speed of the mind, is certainly a difficult challenge. But it wasn’t that there was no way out.
‘Function comes from form.’
Shirone maximized the photonic shaping technique. A bright light burned from his body, and huge wings of light spread out.
sculpted the light
That fact surprised the wizards. Forming a form with luminescent light was a tremendous photon compressive force.
Zocre and the others also swallowed dry saliva. Everyone knew what Shirone was trying to do because he had molded a form that performed only one function, that is, flying in the sky.
“I’ll ask you here.”
Photon Sculpture-Gwangik.
Shirone bent her lower body and swung her wings of light downward, soaring at tremendous speed. Even though it wasn’t teleportation, it seemed like a flash of light soared.
‘I know how to miss it!’
Still, Vivian reacted. Dozens of Vivians jumped out of the wall and bit Shirone like teeth.
‘Got it!’
The feeling of hitting was definitely transmitted. However, after a while, Vivian narrowed her eyes as if wondering. The tentacles of the Geumgang Armed Forces were blocking the attacks of the petrified clones at close range.
“this… … !”
Vivian put all her strength into it. The sound of stones wearing away could be heard from where Shirone was. The brute force from the durability of the stone was great, but the tentacles of the Geumgang Buddha were also strong enough to break quite a few rocks.
– 1.7 tons of external pressure. Reaching the muscle maintenance limit.
Shirone gritted his teeth and pushed the tentacles down. As the tentacle squeezed through the narrow gap and threw Shirone upward, Vivian’s alter egos collided with each other and shattered.
‘Remove the Ice Queen.’
The speed at which Gwangik created was terrifying. Shirone pursued the Ice Queen at near sound speed. As his vision narrowed, Armand readjusted his physical abilities.
– Unable to recognize target. increased photoreceptors. Augmentation of macular function.
My vision was wide open, and I could see the Ice Queen clearly. Adjusted the balance of flight outside of the cybernetic brain. As she closed the distance, the Ice Queen circled behind her and cast her Law.
“A freezing blizzard.”
As snowflakes sharper than a razor whirled around, Shirone covered her face. As the cloak that covered her entire body hardened to a metallic quality, shards of ice clawed across the surface like thousands of broken pieces of glass.
“Keuuugh!”
The Ice Queen’s Law, while not as sharp in purpose as magic, was different in scale. Her rules are bigger than the rules here. That was the scale.
Shirone changed the hardened cloak back to organic matter and glared forward. The atmosphere froze, and huge ice stalks spread out intricately like the human nervous system. It was as if I had become a micro-organism.
‘I’m talking about cryogenic temperatures.’
The reason why you don’t feel the cold is because Armand is controlling the nervous system. But as soon as he breathed in, the cold air froze his lungs.
“Huh!”
Shirone hurriedly shut his mouth.
– Respiratory block detection. artificial oxygen replacement. Residual oxygen consumption time. 1 minute 27 seconds. 2 minutes 32 seconds. 4 minutes 49 seconds.
As Armand stocked up on air, he started injecting oxygen directly into Shirone’s veins. After regaining her fighting power, Shirone flew between the ice stalks and engaged in a dogfight with the Ice Queen.
As if hunting a hawk, Shirone folded her light wings and rushed forward, holding onto her wrist and firing a hundred and twenty photon cannons per minute with the magic crystal ball embedded in her gauntlet.
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 339 - Wave of Law (4) 2.txt
===============================
[339] Wave of Law (4)
The Ice Queen rotated around the outer edge, but could not open the angle faster than Shirone, who rotated in the center. The moment her first shot landed, her shockwave came in chain. A thin scream erupted from her Ice Queen’s lungs as her photon cannons, which had been following her on her tail, were all pumped out.
“Kyaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!”
But she wasn’t destroyed. It was to the point that Shirone’s wrists were rather severed as she continued to pour her bursts of fire.
‘Keugh! Why don’t they fall?’
Cold air began to spread like steam from the ice queen’s body, which had been beaten by the photon cannon. As time passed, the expansion accelerated and eventually became a huge cloud that covered the queen’s body.
– Oxygen residual consumption time. 1 minute 2 seconds. 48 seconds. 35 seconds.
Armand’s stockpile of oxygen was rapidly depleting. At zero seconds, you must breathe cryogenic air. I desperately tried to catch my breath, and with 4 seconds remaining, the air began to accumulate again.
‘What happened? Did I win?’
It hit the Photon Cannon at a speed of one hundred and twenty rounds per minute. A normal creature should have been mashed potatoes.
As the cloud-like haze dispersed, the Ice Queen finally appeared.
‘I-that’s… … ?’
Shirone opened his mouth blankly. His pupils, who had an expression of astonishment, shook violently.
* * *
Amy’s red eyes flashed and she saved the coordinates. Dante and Lyria ran after her. It had already run more than a kilometer. However, due to the nature of the circular maze, it seemed that they could not approach even 100 meters to the center.
As I entered the shopping district, I saw buildings cut in half against the protruding walls. Amy and her party went into a two-story house where the structure between floors was exposed and hid themselves.
Dante looked out the window. Apart from Zokre and his party, there were monsters roaming around all areas.
“I can’t run away forever. Monsters won’t get tired. In the end, you have to knock it down and get out.”
Lyria shook her head.
“They are also victims. You cannot be the target of killing.”
“And what if we die? As time goes by, the ice queen will become stronger. She says she needs to help Shirone quickly. But let alone destroy the maze, you are wandering around the monster stage.”
“It is not a matter of efficiency or results. Violence without good will is no different from evil methodology. I’m not forcing you, but if you’re willing to help me, you shouldn’t hurt an innocent person even if we die.”
Dante laughed bitterly. It’s not a fake or a lie. Controlling reason by strengthening the will was possible only when there was an unfeigned belief.
“Is that the mage’s way of thinking? Well, our school has such a clumsy teacher. It’s Ethella.”
Lyria said firmly as if it was not possible.
“It’s not clumsiness, it’s conviction. The world is maintained only because there are those who want to keep the will of good as much as the number of evil is eliminated. If you follow the ways of evil because the situation is urgent, you will eventually be ruled by evil! I don’t think you, a mage, can understand the age-old conflict between good and evil… … !”
Dante shook his hand and stopped talking.
“okay. Stop admonishing. Like you said, I’m a wizard. So what are you going to do now?”
Lillia calmed down her excitement and explained.
“We will increase the power by reducing the area of influence of the wide-area gold margin installed in the castle site. It’s called Park Yo-jin. If you set the coordinates correctly, even the law of the demigod cannot escape.”
Dante’s expression changed seriously.
“However, that means if it fails soon… … .”
“Yes, even the last bastion, Gold Margin, will disappear. The ice queen who went out into the world will become stronger. So you only get one chance. If I can’t create that opportunity, I will not try to play Park Yo-jin even if I die.”
Dante felt the same way. When the Ice Queen runs out of her gold margin, her damage scales out of control. Even if everyone was wiped out here, it would be more efficient to lock them up.
“good. So what can we do to help?”
“I can’t set Park Yo-jin’s coordinates at will. It should be installed at the point where the power of the gold margin is concentrated.”
“Where is it?”
“It is the apex of an inverted pyramid drawn at the gold margin. take me there.”
“It’s a mountain beyond a mountain.”
It was almost impossible to find Park Yo-jin’s installation point in the maze where monsters roam. At least if the maze disappears, the clue to the operation will be revealed.
“good. Anyway, let’s go with it. Lillia and I will take care of the monsters, so Amy will clear the maze. Because the only person who can go to the center of the spirit radius is you with the red eyes.”
Lyria said worriedly.
“Is it okay to be alone? Their abilities are not magic. The other two must have acquired abilities comparable to Maze.”
“That’s why Amy has to step in. Maybe they’ll target Amy first. If that’s the case, it’s better to split in two and move. Amy. can you?”
Amy couldn’t answer. Zocre and the others became stronger. No, even before he became strong, he was a competent person who had passed the senior class exam.
‘And I… … I failed.’
said Dante.
“you can do it. Trust yourself.”
“I can’t believe it. I’m really not confident.”
Amy was sincere.
“If I can’t trust you, I trust your family.”
When Amy looked up, Dante put a hand on her shoulder.
“There’s no way you can’t do what everyone in your family can do. You fight with everything you have.”
Numerous families are attesting to their talent. That’s why you can trust yourself in any situation.
Dante left the building with a satisfied face as Amy’s eyes showed a grim resolution.
“Let’s go, Lilia. We need to get as close to the coordinates as possible while they focus on Amy.”
Lyria followed Dante and asked.
“Are you okay? You don’t seem very confident.”
“Something like that happened. But it will be fine. I seem to be at a loss now, but… … .”
Dante said with a smile.
“I’m not so stupid as to not know who’s up there.”
* * *
“Ho-ho-ho! Running away is a masterpiece! As expected of a student at a prestigious school!”
“Sheesh! shut up!”
At every corner Amy ran, Vivian would jump out of the wall and sneer at her. She’s trying her best to find her way, but everywhere she goes, it’s in the palm of her hand.
The wall in the direction Amy was running suddenly opened and Ludvans appeared chewing gum.
“Wrath of God.”
When the invisible shock ball was slammed into the ground, a shock wave with electrical and elastic force surged up and lifted Amy’s body.
“I see your panties.”
As Amy landed in a somersault, Zocre approached at high speed from the side.
“Speed Gear!”
The movement of the speed gear that controls the inertia from step 1 to step 10 was completely against the laws of physics. When the existing common sense was destroyed, it felt like even time and space were distorted.
Amy hurriedly opened the air shield. Zokre’s fireball exploded and pushed her body far away.
‘I can’t find Vivian at this rate. I have to climb up the wall somehow.’
If it was mid-air, it might be possible to activate the air tunnel and hit Vivian’s body directly. However, it was not easy to get such an opportunity against Zokre and the others.
‘The ground is blocked by a wall. After all, is sniper mode impossible? I’d rather injure one and tie him down… … .’
Amy shook her head. She was thinking again. The advice she had heard from Dante flashed through her mind.
– You have no style.
‘style. My style.’
There is no one way to deal with all situations. Amy focused her thoughts only on sniper mode. At the same time, her eyes flashed. Her key idea was etched into her mind like a bolt of lightning.
‘perhaps… … No, you can. I can do it.’
After examining the structure of the castle wall, Amy drew an imaginary string by randomly setting points A and B. And he measured the radian value based on the curvature of the castle wall, and then he derived the center coordinates of Vivian’s body by grafting the three square theorems and trigonometric functions.
‘The coordinates are out. But to strike… … .’
It was impossible with only sniper mode. This is because the flame cannot spread in a situation where the walls are blocked on all sides.
But Amy didn’t give up. Like Shirone and Dante, he deepened his strategy even more.
‘Is it possible. If only it was heavier than air… … .’
Amy’s red eyes flashed like electricity.
‘I need more, stronger power.’
force. force. force. force. force.
Self-image memory began to clear Amy’s distractions, repeating hundreds of backups per second.
Extreme self-censorship.
Her mind was infiltrated for a purpose, unadulterated with one per cent of impurities.
focus on concentration
As if an explosion had occurred in her head, her mental powers multiplied by the square of the product.
One way.
It was a temporary samadhi phenomenon that occurs when you focus on only one thought, not mixed with any distracting thoughts.
‘Inferno.’
From under both of Amy’s legs, two streams of fire twisted like a twist and rose above her head.
“I-what is that?”
Upon discovering the size of the flames created by Amy, Zokre and his party stopped charging and looked surprised. The gas was so dense that flames dripped like paint.
“That… … .”
Zocre, who majored in fire science, realized what Amy was trying to do.
The fire of a thousand cities that is difficult even for professional wizards to reach.
Judging by the color of the flame, a high fever of at least 1,300 degrees was burning overhead.
“you you… … that… … .”
Zokre and his party did not dare to approach. When the Inferno exploded, everything within its radius would melt.
said Amy, turning toward the castle wall.
“okay. You can’t even imitate it.”
Zocre furrowed his brows in puzzlement. It didn’t make sense that she was aiming at the wrong place after casting magic to break the situation at best. But Vivian realized right away. Despite his petrified face, his expression of astonishment was clearly visible.
“no! Zocre, stop it!”
Amy raised both hands to support the huge flame.
“Stop! stop it! I intend to attack the body!”
Zocre did not understand Vivian’s words. How can you attack the main body when it is blocked by a 30-meter-high barrier?
Amy said with a smile of repentance.
“This is my style.”
She bent her upper body like a bow and swung both hands down while bouncing her waist. The flame of a thousand cities, Inferno, flew over the 30-meter-high barrier and flew into the sky on the other side.
Ludvans muttered with a blank expression.
“howitzer… … .”
A fireball boasting incredible gas density crossed the sky in a parabolic arc.
Although there is a downside that the accuracy rate is low while the cover can be ignored, Amy was able to hit the target point precisely like a machine through self-memory.
“Kyaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!”
Vivian’s alter ego screamed and disappeared. If Inferno fell into the center of the labyrinth, she would melt in an instant, unable to move in a petrified state.
Cuckoo coo coo coo!
The walls of the castle, which stretched for a radius of 1 kilometer, collapsed into the ground at the same time, and Vivian, who had been freed from petrification, hurriedly left the place, taking over the screams of her alter ego.
When Inferno arrived on the ground and exploded, the ground melted like molten iron. Cloudy, black impurities floated around in the lava that glowed red like nightlight, then quickly cooled in the cold air.
The terrain before and after Inferno’s fall was completely different. The ground was grotesquely distorted like a demon’s face.
Vivian, who narrowly escaped death, reached Zocre. The maze disappeared, but Amy was nowhere to be seen. Zokre looked around and muttered with an annoyed expression.
“damn! Where are you hiding?”
A loud, dull sound erupted from where Ludvans was. A lit stone hit the back of his head, and he collapsed without even groaning.
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 340 - Wave of Law (5) 2.txt
===============================
[340] Wave of Law (5)
“Fire call?”
Zokre scanned the direction the rock had come from. Amy was standing at a distance that made it indistinguishable from the scenery unless you looked closely.
“How dare you look down on us?”
Zocre raised his speed gear to level 10 while using teleportation. Amy hurriedly fired a fire call, but he, who could control his inertia, easily evaded it.
“ha ha ha! Is it just this?”
The corners of Amy’s lips went up slightly. The moment Zocre felt puzzled, dozens of fire calls rained down from the sky and hit him.
“Ouch!”
A sniping angle of 88.97 degrees.
Even the speed gear could not block the attack that the Fire Call, which had been staying outside of the cognition, suddenly slammed down from a blind spot.
Amy rushed at Vivian without stopping. The radius of zero provides an advantageous environment for allies, but he has a fatal flaw that he himself is petrified. In the end, Vivian couldn’t do anything and got hit in the stomach by Amy and came up with a span.
“Keuk! oops!”
As Vivian lay on her stomach and vomited up, Amy patted her hands and snorted.
“Heh, I’m glad it ended like that.”
I wanted to scold him, but the situation was not on the easy side. While fighting Zokre and the others, an explosion of noise erupted from the sky. It meant that Shirone’s long-term firefighting had begun in earnest.
“What about Shirone?”
Shirone floated in the western sky. The Ice Queen was nowhere to be seen, instead I could see clouds of cold gathering across her.
“huh? That… … .”
Amy’s face was in shock. The Ice Queen revealed through her haze was beyond her imagination.
trinity (1)
Shirone swallowed saliva with a hard face.
As the cold clouds lifted, I saw the Ice Queen’s huge eyes twitch.
It probably wouldn’t be easy to find. It is also difficult for humans to capture objects smaller than their pupils.
Things like dust, mosquitoes, and hair.
I honestly don’t know.
No, I didn’t even want to know.
Watching the sight of pupils, pupils, and irises moving around at the same speed as human eye movements, my mind just went blank.
If the ice queen’s eyes were the size of a man, her face was the size of a house. Cold air was leaking from between the neatly aligned teeth that were tens of meters long.
The fact that only the face had grown was the most bizarre.
A small body clings to a huge face. If this was a dream, it was my worst nightmare.
Why did you make that choice?
It’s a pretty good tactic if you’re going to startle it and stop your heart, but it certainly wasn’t meant to be that primordial.
‘I increased my brain capacity.’
I couldn’t help but think like that.
For the first time, the ice queen’s face, which had barely changed her expression, showed strong emotion.
fear and anger.
It was only when he experienced the crisis of extinction due to the continuous firing of the Photon Cannon that he reached the most intense emotion that humans can feel.
‘Humans are strong.’
The Ice Queen realized through Shirone.
‘Then I become stronger.’
Shirone’s strength comes from his brain. That’s why it has to be bigger than Shirone. In a sense, it was an ignorant method, but on the other hand, it was the most intuitive and clear answer.
“Ooooooooooo!”
A chill spread from the Ice Queen’s mouth. As the air contracted, the whole sky seemed to be narrowing.
The aftermath reached the ground. The ground froze and the air cooled so much that it was difficult to breathe.
Dante and Lyria shivered from the intense cold. Even the iron-clad monsters were losing their vitality. shouted Amy, who had bent Vivian’s arm behind her, and came running.
“Dante! What happened to Yojin Park? If we don’t do it quickly, we’ll all freeze to death!”
Lyria shook her head grimly. The transformation of the Ice Queen’s form was bizarre. Apart from her power, it didn’t seem like she would be able to overcome such a monster. In that case, it would have been better to imprison the Ice Queen, even if it meant dying here.
“Amy! Free Vivian!”
Zocre and Ludvans came to their senses from the cold. However, even they noticed the change of the ice queen that appeared in the sky and stopped walking with a dazed expression.
“I… … What is that?”
There was no Ice Queen that Zokre knew. Only her face was a huge monster floating in the sky.
Amy shouted with Vivian taken hostage.
“You understand now? What monster have you awakened? So stop surrendering and help us!”
said Vivian, struggling.
“What do you know! Zocre, attack!”
Zokre did not move. No, he couldn’t move. The temperature was dropping severely. It’s an attack or whatever, everything freezes to death at this rate.
“Eight! Stay calm!”
“Aww! hey! Handle with care!”
Amy, who was worse off, threw Vivian away and entered the center of the group. When I cast Fire Wall and surrounded the area with a wall of fire, warmth was transmitted for a moment.
“Zocre! Do something too! Are you going to die like this?”
Zokre is also a fire mage. Suddenly coming to his senses, he drew another barrier within the radius of Amy’s fire wall.
But in vain. The fire made by omnipotence had a much lower ignition point than in reality, but it could not stand it and went out.
Extreme cold hit. His lungs froze and his eyes dimmed. It was as if the end of the world was approaching. Just like that day 800 years ago when the ice queen froze herself.
For the first time, Zokre felt the fear of death. His face turned into a tear-stain, and a desperate scream broke out.
“Sah, save me! I can’t die like this!”
Ludvans grabbed his neck and knelt down.
“Keugh! I can’t breathe!”
The current temperature on the ground is 120 degrees below zero.
Three minutes was enough temperature to kill everyone.
‘Shirone, please… … !’
Amy looked at Shirone with longing eyes.
The only person who could withstand the extreme cold was Shirone, who was protected by the power of the Diamond Armament.
“Shirone! Everyone will die at this rate!”
Armand’s auditory organ collected Amy’s sound and transmitted it to Shirone’s brain.
But even without listening, Shirone already knew.
It was an unbearable cold even though Armand was strengthening all of his body’s heat sources.
The energy consumed per second reached a whopping 1 kilocalorie.
Even the organic robes that maximized the cold weather effect were hardened to the point that people on the ground would already have no energy to move.
‘Is there no choice but to collide?’
Shirone threw her wings back and rushed at the queen.
As the headwind increased, the perceived temperature dropped further.
It was a suicidal attempt, but Armand did everything possible to maintain his body temperature without complaining.
But eventually even that reached its limit.
– Vivo tissue necrosis. Organic production impossible. time to maintain life activity. 4 seconds. 3 seconds. 2 seconds.
“Great!”
Shirone clenched his teeth and charged. It felt like his entire body had turned into a mass of cold stone.
And finally, the moment I was about to face the last moment of my life, I dug into the ice queen’s mouth, the source of the cold.
Amy exclaimed in surprise.
“it’s crazy! Shirone!”
Entering the ice queen’s body was more insane than facing the extreme cold head-on. It doesn’t just end with dying. How could a human know what might be in there?
said Dante, breathing heavily.
“Amy. The temperature is rising. Cast the fire wall.”
The Ice Queen who swallowed Shirone didn’t even blink. For reasons unknown to her, she seemed to be in a state of temporary inactivity.
As a result, Shirone’s judgment was excellent. However, if he had intended to save everyone even at the cost of his own life.
Amy’s expression when casting Fire Wall was not good. It felt like Shirone had already left the world.
“I will come back. Shirone will definitely come back.”
Dante did not give a hopeful answer. The probability that Shirone, who threw herself into an unknown world, would return was impossible to calculate.
“Once you bought time. I don’t know how much room there will be, but we have to do something within it. Gather together, let’s plan a strategy.”
While Dante and the others discussed the strategy, Zocre blankly looked up at the sky.
‘That is the essence of the Ice Queen.’
The Ice Queen’s gigantic face was terrifying. It was as if someone from outside the world was only shining her face through a magnifying glass.
And in that place, Shirone jumped in.
Maybe he could have held out a little longer. No, he has incredible flying abilities, so in the worst case scenario, he can just run away with his friends.
Instead, he threw himself into the limb.
You want to save the world? Wanna be a hero? If not, is this also an act of arrogance?
“why?”
Zocre sincerely asked, but Shirone, who was supposed to answer, had already disappeared under the ice queen’s law.
* * *
Shirone was rich in the world of law.
Numerous stars whose distance could not be measured were exchanging signals while twinkling ceaselessly.
Light and dark are 1 and 0. A system of binary numbers was enforcing the Ice Queen’s law.
However, it was not important information in the current situation.
The really important piece of information was that there was no air here.
– Residual oxygen consumption time 2 minutes 37 seconds.
Shirone was terrified. The time Armand delivered was literally his life span.
‘Let’s stay calm. I use a lot of oxygen when I’m excited.’
He tried to regain his cool, but that didn’t change anything.
There is nothing but the signals of 1 and 0. That’s why I couldn’t create a variable to break the situation.
Will you die from lack of oxygen? Will it become a corpse and wander the cold world forever?
At that time, the speed at which the stars twinkled rapidly increased.
It was as if the slow-moving ants were speeding up like crazy when food fell to the ground.
Shirone felt his mind go hazy. The faster the stars moved, the farther away I felt.
‘Oh, I see.’
This was the digestive organ of the law.
If it hadn’t been protected by Armand’s law, it would have already disintegrated and permeated into the Ice Queen’s law.
In fact, every time his mind fluctuated, Armand readjusted his concentration point to maintain his consciousness.
It felt like a rice cake thrown into the sea.
‘Please hold on.’
Shirone prayed earnestly to Armand. I know it’s just a tool, but it’s my only lifeline right now.
Armand held up well.
The reason it doesn’t tell you how much oxygen you have is because you’ve determined that fear makes things worse.
He probably thought so himself, but Shirone thought it was more frightening.
‘Oxygen consumption. Let’s just know.’
– Residual oxygen consumption time 2 minutes 1 second. 2 minutes. 1 minute 59 seconds.
‘Two minutes left, my life.’
I thought it was easy on purpose. Otherwise, the rate of oxygen consumption would be twice as fast.
Of course, if you hold your breath, you can hold on a little longer, but from then on, you really enter the end of your life.
You have to find a way when you have a little bit of spare time.
“omg!”
Shirone vomited out the precious oxygen.
Suddenly a huge sound was heard. No, it was a signal that made a huge sound.
shake
Just as rice cakes that had been submerged in water met a storm and were released, Shirone’s consciousness began to disintegrate quickly.
break up
‘Uuuuuuuuuuuuuu!’
Everything that had formed one was leaving waving the flag of independence.
Consciousness faded. Armand is trying desperately, but eventually the ice queen’s law begins to eat away at his mind.
“Great!”
Shirone frowned. As the nerves around the eyes rose, the pupils began to darken.
In the depth level 1, a devastating explosion occurred, pushing the ice queen’s law out.
Against the uninvited guest who infiltrated the mind, the guppin’s seal opened and the demon was brought out again.
– Multiple Cerebral Body Detection. Overdrive operation.
Armand found the only hope to save his master and immediately contacted Behemoth.
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 341 - Trinity (2) 4.txt
===============================
[341] Trinity (2)
Oxygen consumption soared as breathing became rough.
– Residual oxygen consumption time 1 minute 17 seconds. 1 minute 3 seconds. 42 seconds.
Light flew from all sides and stuck into Shirone’s body.
When the access of the law was blocked, it was to penetrate and melt the mind directly in a physical way.
Armand reacted immediately.
– Observation of neural junction points. Copy after docking.
Armand’s tentacles connected to the needles of light. Then more light flooded in and penetrated Shirone’s body.
Dozens, hundreds.
The endlessly flooding light required only one thing.
be dismantled
“Great!”
Shirone twisted the bridge of his nose with a frightened face.
The feeling of being absorbed by another being was as humiliating as being eaten alive by a beast.
– Residual oxygen consumption time. 4 seconds. 3 seconds. 2 seconds.
As it is, it gets absorbed.
“It’s cheeky… … !”
Shirone focused her mind on one endless point.
As the immortal function opened, the spirit of infinity spread throughout the world of the law.
-Detection of unmeasurable concentration points. Penetration.
Armand’s organic matter proliferated infinitely. Tentacles stretched out and docked with all the thorns stuck in Shirone.
Having copied the information intended to hack the owner’s brain, Armand began building a suitable firewall based on it.
And finally, Shirone and the Ice Queen came to share one world as subjects of separate laws.
-Firewall complete. behavior.
A light burst from Shirone’s retinas.
Small world creation.
“Here?”
Shirone looked around.
It was a dark space like the world of the law. The only difference is that there are no twinkling stars.
But Shirone could see.
‘How can I see it?’
Is it really possible to see where there is no light?
‘perhaps… … .’
Shirone found an interesting answer.
It is a memory. There is no light in memory.
Because the light does not stay in the past.
But he was in reality.
So, this is a space where all time is unfolded. It was the totality of time in which the past, present, and future could not even be distinguished.
As he moved his steps, an uncountable number of sirones approached from the darkness.
“what?”
I turned around one wheel. As if using a mirror to expand the space, an infinite number of selves were spinning.
Shirone pointed out one person and approached. The shorter the distance, the narrower the composition, and numerous sirones lined up in parallel lines.
Her pupils were black, and she stood there with an evil face.
Shirone held out his hand. Shirone also held out his hand.
I could feel the cold texture of the glass wall.
‘This is me?’
no, this is not me
Where is this? Is it outside or inside the mirror? Is it me looking in the mirror or is it me reflected in the mirror?
“ah… … .”
Shirone finally realized.
“this… … .”
The two sirones said at the same time.
“It is you.”
Puff pup pup pup pup!
All the glass walls that stretched out in an infinite parallel line exploded at the speed of light.
With the sound of breaking glass, the boundary of the mirror began to be destroyed at the speed of light.
Shirone and Shirone’s hands met. But before I could feel it, Shirone on the other side disappeared.
In the Ice Queen’s Law, Shirone and Shirone refer to each other, forming a perfect trinity.
The evil Shirone of the Black Pupil was no more. There was only one unchanging Shirone who was not shaken by any law.
A technique called incarnation art in heaven. However, the wizards regarded this as a state and called it this.
mental transcendence.
hero of life (1)
After completing the trinity, Shirone opened her eyes. At the same time, Armand started attacking the ice queen’s law in reverse through the multi-law network small world creation.
The world shook and the starlight shone. Unable to bear Shirone, the Ice Queen pulled her throat out and vomited at her.
“Keah! Whoa! Aaaaagh!”
Amy’s face, watching from the ground, turned pale. The sight of her gigantic face giving her eyeballs a force to be reckoned with was more than terrifying beyond her horror.
“Quaaaaagh!”
When the Ice Queen gave her strength one last time, Syrone with her tentacles hanging from her vomited out. The first thing he did when he stopped with his wings wide open was to inhale the air.
“Whoa! Whoa!”
It was the first time I realized that even air has a taste.
“Shirone! Shirone is back alive!”
Amy’s face, which suffered as if she was going to die soon, finally turned bright. Even the ice queen’s grotesqueness couldn’t overcome the joy of Shirone’s safe and sound return.
But Dante’s eyes were still serious.
Above all, the Ice Queen’s condition was strange.
The Ice Queen was making a grotesque expression that no human facial muscles could produce. However, that was the form that most accurately revealed the current Ice Queen’s feelings.
‘infinite? infinite? infinite? infinite? infinite?’
The Ice Queen was confused.
‘What is that?’
As Armand built the firewall, the Ice Queen also copied Shirone’s information.
But there was a problem.
An immortal function that is difficult to analyze completely even with the vast amount of information from Optrus has been installed.
The ice queen couldn’t control her mouth that opened spontaneously as a huge sense of exhilaration flooded in, surpassing the scale of the law.
going to infinity
That was the only fact the Ice Queen could know.
The jaw, which had been widening endlessly, exceeded the range of motion of the joint, and finally began to swallow itself in reverse.
Like grapes peeling off their skins and popping out, a new being emerged from the throat.
‘I am infinite.’
A human face was attached to three sides, and the arms protruding from the shoulders multiplied into dozens and spread out like the feathers of a peac*ck.
Three-sided Thousand Hands Guanshi Yin.
It was the second dedication of Optrus who absorbed Immortal Function.
“Galgalgalgalgalgalgalgalgalgalgalgalgalgalgalgalgalgalgalgalgalgalgalgalgalgalgalgalgalgalgalgalgalgalgalgalgalgalgal!”
A sound like the chirping of thousands of beetles burst out of the mouth of the laughing Cheonsu Guanshiyin.
“Kuk!”
Shirone, who was hit directly by the sudden sound wave, adjusted her hearing with Armand and then distanced herself. Then, as the head of the Thousand Arms Guanshiyin turned, the corners of the eyes went up and the corners of the mouth went down, and the face occupied the front. As the Law of Wrath exploded, countless balls of fire flew in all directions.
“Dangerous!”
When Lyria pointed at the pouring rain of fire, Dante spread a huge defensive magic circle over her head. The moment the fireball hit, it roared loudly and cracked.
“Keugh! damn!”
Dante had a sorrowful expression on his face. In an isolated space, the growth of the cerebral body is limited, but after swallowing Shirone, the cerebral body was a powerful law that was incomparable to that of the Ice Queen. Perhaps it is an immortal function. Well, for beings that absorb the law, there was no stamina that was as excellent as Shirone.
“Park Yo-jin right now!”
Lyria looked at the battle in the sky with confused eyes. Shirone fires a photon cannon continuously, but not even gold has gone to the Thousand Arms Guanyin’s body.
“Not yet. Park Yo-jin’s range is much narrower than the stick margin. If I can’t bring you here, I’d rather die here.”
Amy shouted to the sky.
“Shirone! Push the monster this way!”
Armand copied Amy’s voice. A voice mixed with noise was transmitted to Shirone’s brain.
“Push?”
It meant finding a way to something on the ground. But how do you push a monster that doesn’t even move even with a photon cannon?
‘I have no choice but to do it.’
Shirone opened her eyes and focused on increasing the power of the Photon Cannon. Then, the spirit of transcending the mind sought a huge expansion.
Immortal Function can borrow infinite mental power, but it cannot increase its power beyond the Spirit Zone.
However, mental transcendence forcibly strengthens the spirit zone.
Of course, like the divine transcendence, the subsequent mental storm was a separate issue.
Just as Lian’s arm exploded when he fired the sword at a speed that exceeded his body’s speed, his mind would rather be destroyed if he tried to exceed the available value.
-Expansion of focus points. Activate overdrive.
But Shirone did not hesitate. Sensing a tremendous power he had never experienced before, he stretched out his hand, and dozens of flashes of light hit directly into the torso of Thousand Arms Guanyin.
“Galgalgalgalgalgalgalgalgalgalgalgalgalgalgalgalgalgalgalgalgalgalgalgalgalgalgalgalgalgalgalgalgalgalgalgalgalgalgal!”
The body of Thousand Arms Guanshi Yin, which had been motionless as if stuck in space, began to be pushed little by little. He then fired sound waves in all directions, but Shirone did not stop his offensive. No, his power was getting stronger as time passed.
250 meters to Park Yo-jin’s installation point.
Those watching the battle from the ground were mesmerized by the sight of dozens of photon cannons flashing.
“How can such magic… … ?”
Lilia, the mage, was shocked the most. The reason she classifies her mental body as a demigod is because she uses her laws freely. The existence of the law must be sealed with the law. However, Shirone was pushing back the demigod with only physical force.
“… … I thought she was an innocent girl.”
Dante smiled bitterly at Lyria’s misunderstanding. If you judge Shirone by her looks, it ends up like this. He is a lowly boy who has no interest in dressing up and casually sews at a cafe. But he was the only boy who ever beat him.
“Well, you look the coolest when you’re a wizard.”
Lyria was conflicted. It was visible that the movement distance of the Thousand Arms Guanyin gradually got shorter. If the power of the Photon Cannon did not become stronger, it would be impossible to drive Park Yo-jin to the installation point.
“Lilia. Unfold Park Yo-jin. Whether Shirone succeeds or fails, if something needs to be done, now is the last chance.”
‘I am… … What should I do?’
If Park Yo-jin fails, the Thousand-Handed Guanshi Yin escapes into the world. Even if the kingdom made preparations, judging by the scale of the law, a small city was an enemy that could be razed to the ground in a matter of hours.
Lyria turned to Dante and said.
“I’ll prepare Park Yo-jin.”
I have no choice but to walk to Shirone. The people here are just as important as the people outside. It was a different situation than not killing the monster.
“good. Then I’ll tell you the operation. If Shirone pushes in just 50 meters, I’ll build a defensive magic circle into a mansion to trap the monster. It may not be the same as a bar margin, but it will be a minimum safety device. In the meantime, Amy prepares magic to support Shirone with firepower.”
Amy nodded.
“okay. I will cast the most powerful magic.”
Zokre looked at them as they desperately fought. His anger soared as he contrasted himself with his inability to do anything.
Why risk your life?
They just have to go away. He would have to pay for all his sins anyway, and it was the kingdom’s job to take care of the aftermath.
“Why are you fighting?”
Dante, who was guarding Lyria, turned his head.
“What are you talking about? If you intend to interfere, I will kill you first.”
“Why are you fighting? You guys are innocent, so just run away! don’t you want to live So strong, so gifted! Are you saying you want to be killed in a place like this when a prosperous future is guaranteed?”
Dante looked at Zocre in bewilderment. However, he sighed as if he knew.
“Did you learn magic because you wanted to be successful?”
“what?”
“Isn’t the order changed? You learn magic because you like magic, and success follows you when you become good at magic. If I run away from here, won’t my stomach churn? I’m just fighting with the magic I learned. So don’t disturb me and watch quietly.”
After finishing the sequence ceremony, Amy opened her eyes.
“it’s over. I will start now.”
As the crimson eyes radiated a red glow, two pillars of fire rose from beneath their feet and merged into a huge fireball. It was an Inferno that was several times larger than the one shot in the zero radius.
Zokre stared blankly at the fire that blazed like the sun, then realized something and lowered his head.
‘They’re crazy about magic… … .’
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 342 - Main character of life (2) 4.txt
===============================
[342] Main character of life (2)
Talent or whatever, it was just an excuse from the start.
Their minds were so full of magic from the start that there was no room for success or fame.
want to win You don’t want to lose the competition. And in the end, I want to become the best wizard.
Dante’s eyes lit up when he saw Inferno. It was a powerful magic that could not be seen in the graduation exam.
‘You lowered the entropy by using self-image memory. If it were red eyes, it would be close to 0%. That would work.’
“Dante, Dante.”
Lyria, who was kneeling, called Dante behind her with a trembling voice.
“what’s the matter? Any problem?”
“really… … can you do it? Can you succeed?”
“Why are you asking me that?”
Lyria turned her head and looked up at Dante. Looking at her crying face, it seemed that she was in a lot of mental conflict.
“You always make sure choices! So tell me! I think it will be reassuring if you tell me.”
Dante understood her feelings. A mage’s cool-headedness in battle is just as important as a swordsman’s conviction. Fear comes from insecurity, not crisis. When you can objectively analyze the situation, your colleagues can muster up the courage to fight.
“I am not optimistic. But I am not pessimistic.”
It was literally two sides of the same coin. Also, this was the minimum probability that a wizard could try something.
“There is a 50% chance that Shirone will push. There is a 50% chance that my defensive magic circle will work. There is also a 50% chance that Amy’s magic will work on the enemy. If you add the three cases, you know what the situation is?”
Lyria, who had muttered Dante’s words, raised her head with her eyes wide open as if she had realized something.
“So, 150 percent?”
Dante smiled bitterly.
“… … You are not a wizard.”
Remaining distance to Park Yo-jin installation point, 220 meters.
Shirone sharpened the photon cannon in a trance. The flashes of light over the back of his hand were blinding. The magic amplification spheres embedded in his hands were red hot.
“Quaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!”
Thousands Hands Guanyin’s back bent and he was pushed to the ground.
Distance remaining, 200 meters.
Zocre’s legs trembled as he stared at the gigantic Guanshi Yin, which seemed about to fall at any moment.
‘Is that Shirone… … .’
A person who overwhelms Dante, the best defense force in the kingdom, with firepower.
Even so, there were times when I thought that it was at the student level. Otherwise, I couldn’t stand the feeling of shame.
However, the Photon Cannon, which I saw with my own eyes, was a power that even a few pros could not use.
They may not be superior to the pros in every aspect, but they have already reached the pro level in at least one respect.
That was the top 5 prestigious students.
Distance remaining, 170 metres.
“Come in! I will create a second barrier!”
Dante imprisoned the Thousand Arms Guanyin in the hexagonal mansion. Because he accumulated information only on the inner side of the magic circle, attacks coming from the outside were not applied. On the other hand, Thousand Arms Guanyin, who was trapped in a narrow wall, struggled strongly.
“Great!”
Dante’s expression crumpled. They are pulling the mansion down to the ground while imprisoning it, but the resistance is stronger than expected. In particular, the power of the fireball that spread in all directions was enough to destroy the defense magic circle rescued with the highest durability within 30 seconds.
Distance remaining, 120 metres.
Dante shouted with the veins on his face.
“Amy! now!”
“okay!”
As Amy jumped up and waved her hands, the huge Inferno left its master’s hand and moved away. A ball of fire slowly crossing the sky struck the Cheonsu Guanshiyin without error following the coordinates of his self-image memory.
“Quaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!”
As Thousand Arms Guanyin’s body burned, Dante felt the pressure loosen a little. Flame-type magic had an advantage over the Photon Cannon in that it could deliver continuous impact.
Remaining distance, 40 meters.
Lyria shook her head and shouted.
“Still not enough! At this rate, I can’t confine Park Yo-jin!”
The blazing Ten-Armed Guanshiyin screeched and scratched the magic circle inside the mansion. Eventually, the magic circle that had reached its limit of durability shattered like glass.
Lyria’s face turned miserable.
“it’s over. The demigod will go out into the world.”
“No, it’s not over.”
Lyria’s gaze turned to the sky. Shirone, who was gathering the brilliance of light in her hands, was looking down at the Tenshu Kannon from a high place. As the light in her hand grew, it was as if another sun was floating in the sky.
“Yaaaaaa!”
Shirone fired the photon cannon with all her might. A huge flash of light with a diameter of 1 meter pierced the side of the Thousand Arms Guanyin.
Remaining distance, 30 meters.
“Quaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!”
Thousand Arms Guanshi Yin struggled with his arms. However, a mass that even his own laws could not withstand continued to attack.
Distance remaining, 20 meters.
“Now! Start!”
Lillia put her hands together and prayed.
May evil be destroyed. May the world come where everyone can live happily. As long as he could achieve the paradise of goodness, where there was no hunger, no murder, no adultery, he would not care if his body was torn into a thousand or ten thousand parts, and he would be able to laugh even if he was hated by the devil and fell into hell to suffer forever. I will become manure for the world. If everyone had a good will, they would gladly go into the filthiest places and roll their bodies.
She shed tears like a waterfall. The will to transcend the criminal’s limits drew in the energy of the totem embedded in the old castle. As the gold margin disappeared, Park Yo-jin with a diameter of 10 meters appeared.
“I command in the name of Lyria! Evil, sleep here!”
Lyria’s eyes burned golden. The flowing tears evaporated in an instant, and a pillar of light made of the law pierced the sky.
“Kuaaaaa!”
As the flash of the photon cannon pressed forward, Tenshu Guanyin screamed in agony and struggled with dozens of hands.
Remaining distance, 10 meters.
“Aaaaaaa!”
Shirone felt the photon cannon’s output decrease. However, when the power was raised again through mental transcendence, the flash amplified and completely covered the Thousand Arms Guanshiyin.
Remaining distance.
0 meters.
When the Thousand Arms Guanshi Yin came into Park Yo-jin’s domain, Lilia concentrated all her will in one place.
“Kyaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!”
The most powerful golden magician’s method in the Akeanis Shrine.
Ock King Park Yo-jin.
Two arms made of light twisted like a twist and came up, grabbed the Thousand Arms Guanshi Yin and pulled it to the ground.
“Ah! big! Aaaaaa!”
Thousand Arms Guanyin desperately endured. There is no reason for evil laws to exist in a space filled with good will. Even so, the fact that he endured was a clear proof that he was a demigod.
‘But it’s over! Just a little, a little more… … !’
Just when I thought Lyria was over, I heard footsteps. Her Vivian passed her and started running to her Jade Wang Bak Yojin.
“Ice Queen!”
Dante’s face contorted.
“That fool!”
Lyria shouted with shocked eyes.
“You can’t get close! Don’t be dragged away!”
Park Yo-jin is different from Geum Ma-jin.
Because the will of good was concentrated in a narrow area, humans who were inclined to evil in the slightest had no choice but to fall into the abyss.
Vivian heard Lyria’s voice clearly. But she never stopped running.
“This is the end. This is the end of my play.”
It was a life that no one paid attention to. However, the Ice Queen gave her hope that she could become the main character. Even if the reality was a monster, even if her kindness and consideration stemmed from ignorance, that was the only spotlight for Vivian.
Vivian’s tears ran away from her eyes.
What will happen when you enter Park Yo-jin? Perhaps only the stillness after the play would last forever.
But I wasn’t afraid. You will meet the Ice Queen. She will greet her audience by holding her hand with her. I will shout out to the world to thank you for watching a wonderful performance.
“Yaaaaaa!”
As soon as she couldn’t see anything because of her tears, Vivian kicked off the ground and threw herself with Yojin Ockwang.
“Vivian! Come back!”
Zokre sobbed and shouted.
She is a sensitive child. She may not even know that her heart is broken in the face of a situation she cannot be responsible for.
But it shouldn’t end this way.
everything was his own fault.
If she hadn’t drunkenly entered into the nature of the Ice Queen, or hadn’t cared about Amy, she wouldn’t have made such an extreme choice.
“Bibiaaaan!”
Zocre’s screams could not catch Vivian. It was Amy who caught her. Her Amy, who threw her body and hugged Vivian, escaped her bar margin by a hair’s breadth and fell. At the same time, the Thousand Arms Guanshi Yin fell as if it were buried in Jade King Park Yojin. The sound of hundreds of claws scraping the ground was terrifying.
“Kuaaaaa!”
Those who watched the force of the ground plowing gave goosebumps. However, even the formidable power could not overcome the reason of the Jade King Park Yo-jin.
It was the power of a mysterious and profound law.
Thousands Arms Guanyin sank into the abyss of the law, leaving only thousands of fingernail marks.
Then Vivian, who had been watching with tears in her eyes, turned to Amy and shouted.
“Let go! I mean let go of this! I’m going in too!”
“it’s crazy! If you go in there, you will die!”
“Since when did you care about me? do you know my heart You who have lived like the main character all your life know how miserable I feel?”
“So you want to die? miserable?”
“No, I will torment you until the end! I will never let you succeed! At this moment, I am the main character!”
“Don’t talk nonsense, idiot! Where is the main character who gives up on life so easily!”
Amy’s voice pierced Vivian’s eardrums.
“It’s hard for anyone to fight! Still, fighting to the end to become the main character! If you give up, if you give up… … !”
As she spoke, Amy, who was crying, lowered her head. She was also the person she wanted to be the main character more than anyone else.
“From that moment on, it becomes nothing.”
The feeling of being thrown out of the spotlight of the world.
As everyone looked at only the successful candidates, Amy was crying alone in the room.
no one looked at me
But now I seemed to know.
You still have to fight.
Even if waiting is a bed ending, those who don’t fight to the end won’t be given the lead role.
Unsure of Amy’s sudden excitement, Vivian looked dazed and opened her mouth to say something.
“I am… … .”
Then the floor started to vibrate. Vivian turned her head, and then everyone looked at Yojin Park.
As soon as Shirone landed on the ground, he shouted.
“It’s not over yet!”
Dozens of hands came up from Okwang Park Yo-jin. As the vertical objects bent at the same time and pushed the floor, the face of Guanyin with thousands of hands rose again.
“I am! I am the ruler of the world!”
The faces of Shirone and the others turned pale. I still haven’t completely overcome the power of the Jade King Park Yo-jin, but I don’t know what will happen with time.
“Have you caught the lawman? You were lucky.”
Shirone turned her head with surprised eyes.
There stood a woman with curly blonde hair, dark complexion, and a tight-fitting suit.
It was Ahoya Gangnan, the chief secretary of the Magic Association.
“Who are you?”
Jiang Nan took off her high heels as she walked towards Guanyin. And he said, passing by Shirone and his party.
“Back off. Because you might get hurt.”
Lyria shouted.
“for a moment! You can’t go in unnecessarily! If you can’t deal with the law, you’ll be dragged into Park Yo-jin’s power!”
Kang Nan didn’t even show a hint of hesitation and pushed himself into the Jade King Park Yo-jin. She didn’t know whether she was a person leaning towards good or evil. She had lived as a Ram Muai from the moment she was born, however, and her convictions were not weak enough to be shaken by her laws.
“Aaaaaa! Aaaaaaa!”
Thousands Armed Guanyin was repeating its ascent and descent, scratching the floor repeatedly, like a person drowning in the sea.
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 343 - Main character of life (3) 2.txt
===============================
[343] Main character of life (3)
Kang Nan took off his glasses and stuck them in his inner pocket. Then, as if in the image of a wolf, she raised her fists up to her face and brought her left foot forward, slightly swaying in rhythm.
Shirone and the others were bewildered. Even if Ram Muay didn’t know it, it was possible to guess that it was a Baktu posture. However, it was rather comical because it was in front of the huge Thousand Arms Guanshi Yin.
Lilia, who was worse off, approached with a frown.
“Hey! what now… … !”
At the same time, Kang Nan’s body became blurry. The high kick, which was so fast that you couldn’t even see it, drew a trajectory along the dirt like a thread. The instep of her foot broke the face of her Thousand Arms Guanyin at a right angle and passed.
The Thousand Arms Guanshiyin’s expression changed to a puzzled one. He rolled his eyes for a moment, then his hand movements slowed down. And finally, as if submerged on the surface of the water, he was sucked into the deep sea of Jade King Park Yo-jin.
“Um, what is that… … ?”
The shock that Shirone and the others received was beyond imagination. Even though he was trapped in the Jade Wangbak Yojin, he was so startled the moment his kick broke his neck that his heart almost jumped out of his mouth.
Shirone looked down and saw her thighs, which had come down under the strong suit skirt. At the moment of her impact, the stockings on her instep burned and rolled in, exposing her right leg. Her muscles cracked and blazed like pieces. But she soon revealed her smooth legs as her soft subcutaneous fat returned.
‘Who the hell are you?’
I thought it might be a government official. It was an insight that any department in their own country would have fully predicted the situation if a foreign priest came to visit.
“Whoa.”
Jiangnan sighed lightly. Then she took her glasses out of her inside pocket and put them on again. Shirone, who had been watching her, made eye contact with her friends and moved towards her.
“Hey, who are you? Maybe in the kingdom… … Ugh!”
When Kang Nan suddenly lifted up her skirt, Shirone’s face turned red like a carrot. She rolled up her stockings and pulled out new stockings. She said as she changed her stockings, whether or not she was aware of the boys’ coy glances.
“The enemy you are dealing with is a cerebral body code-named ‘The Lawyer’ that inhabits beyond the northern limits of Heaven.”
“heaven?”
Dante tilted his head. It occurred to me that there are a lot of really crazy people in the world. But Shirone and Amy couldn’t hear Huhtu. Also, if you knew heaven, it meant that this woman was no ordinary person either.
“Actually, the lawyer is not that dangerous. It’s just a simple phenomenon like the aurora. But when the environment changes, it becomes a headache. Golden time is 72 hours from the start of occurrence. From then on, it evolves exponentially. You guys got it just right.”
Kang Nan pulled up her stockings to her belly button, then slammed the skirt down to smooth out the wrinkles.
“Because you judged well, let me pass on your arbitrary actions. If the ruler of the law had expanded the radius of action, the army would have been dispatched. You have saved the lives of many people.”
Having said that, Kang Nan turned around and put on high heels. She went back and straightened her clothes when she kicked.
“By the way, can you tell me who you are?”
As Shirone took off his hood and approached, Kang Nan’s eyes narrowed as he checked his face.
‘The real thing is younger. To really beat the law… … .’
Even in the initial case, the awakened ruler is ranked in Phenomenon Grade B set by Valkyrie. Since the normal angels are Class A, it means that they fought against a powerful enemy comparable to the fallen angels.
‘But how did you break the law?’
The <Demonic Sword Armand> received as a gift from Princess Uorin would have been able to defend the law to some extent. However, I can assure you that I could never defeat the lawyer with that alone.
‘no way… … .’
Gangnan could only think of one thing.
‘Is it mental transcendence? No, it can’t be. It’s not something an eighteen-year-old can reach.’
According to Kang Nan, all living things eventually move toward realizing incarnation. However, because the period is so long, most die without finding themselves within the given lifespan.
It was heaven, if there were any exceptions.
There are humans who live for hundreds of years and plants that live for hundreds of thousands of years.
This was the reason why incarnation was called the art of heaven.
It is said that the time to reach enlightenment is different for each creature, but on average it takes humans 220 years, cats 400 years, monkeys 600 years, snakes 700 years, and foxes 1,000 years.
In the end, if Shirone realized the state of mental transcendence, it would have surpassed approximately 200 years of time.
‘I don’t think there was any exaggeration in the association’s evaluation.’
Kang Nan is not an idle person. He was also one of the most trusted factors in the Association.
If it weren’t for the instructions of Gaold, his immediate superior, he wouldn’t have come to a magic school student simply for an interview.
Kang Nan recalled the situation at the time.
“If it’s Shirone… … Are you talking about Aryan Shirone from Alpheas Magic School?”
“okay. The sickest junior at my alma mater. I don’t know why the school still hasn’t failed.”
Gaold shuddered, but Kang Nan saw through his superior’s intentions and stabbed him sharply.
“You’re not thinking of taking part in this project, are you?”
As expected, Gaold did not respond.
“I am against it. It’s too risky. It’s not a matter to decide by looking at Ataraxia alone. Are you thinking of wasting 20 years of preparation?”
Gaold, who had become serious before he knew it, opened his heavy mouth.
“I heard you grow fast.”
Gangnan responded with a snort. No one in her association knew more than she did about Shirone, she said.
“Of course, he is one of the promising players representing the kingdom. It’s an unlocker that uses a battery that gives mass to light. If she works diligently, she will be in the 6th grade by the time she is 20 years old. Great managers are in short supply in any organization.”
Kang Nan narrowed his eyes and checked Gaold’s reaction. As expected, I kept my mouth shut.
“Are you kidding me? Yes, it’s 6th grade. Romi Ethellado and Olifer Siena, who are teaching the Shirone, also got the official 6th grade at the age of 20. But they are not the youngest either. It’s just that there are a few geniuses everywhere in the kingdom. If you don’t intend to wait another 10 years here, it’s right to give up Shirone.”
“I don’t know. The youngest or what, I’m not a genius.”
Gaold leaned against the backrest with a cigar in his mouth and looked up at Gangnan.
“But am I the best right now?”
The intensity was undeniable. Ga Old, she knew, was not an outstanding student, she said. However, he was now the best wizard in the Kingdom of Tormia, both in name and reality.
“That’s just an exceptional case… … .”
Gaold held up a hand to stop him.
“Ah, okay. Do as I say. It doesn’t matter whether you become a 6th grader when you are 20 or 6th grade when you are 40 years old.”
“no. The reality is that many scouts measure performance over time as a measure of talent. If that’s not important, then what’s important?”
With a cigar between his fingers, Gaold let out a roaring smoke and thought.
“Eventually… … It doesn’t matter what you do.”
Kang Nan tried to retort, but kept his mouth shut. She’s a crazy person, but sometimes she’s speechless like this.
“It’s a mutt. Now that I’ve risen to the pinnacle of magic… … .”
Gaold raised his chin arrogantly. In fact, he was the only one who could call the last descendant of the wolf tribe a mutt.
“Being the best doesn’t mean being number one. It’s a complete departure from the group of ranks. Of course, if it’s a talent to quickly follow the path others have paved, then it must be a talent. But look at the world. Those we call the best shine a light in uncharted territory that mankind has devoted its entire life to. 1st place or 2nd place, it’s not that level. It’s something that doesn’t even have anything to compare the rankings to. That is a very different matter from following a path that already exists.”
Gangnan chewed over Gaold’s words several times.
“Do you think Shirone can become the best?”
“I can’t say for sure. However, its growth rate is fast enough to destroy common sense, and it can use ataraxia. If these two things mesh at the right timing, it might be possible to reach it instantaneously under certain circumstances. Then maybe we can create at least one more variable.”
Although the project has been prepared for 20 years, the difficulty is still challenging the absolute impossible. In such a situation, one variable was worth getting at any cost.
But the violence was unacceptable. It was not good to have unfounded trust in an uncertain subject in a matter so serious that it was worth exchanging the lives of all mankind.
“I understood. But you know what? Precise timing, specific circumstances, instantaneously, at least. That most of what you just talked about is made up of families.”
Gaold raised the corner of his mouth, as if his tension had finally eased.
“know. So let’s meet. See it with your own eyes. If we can increase the probability of success even by 0.1 percent, shouldn’t we use everything we can?”
Kang Nan escaped from the flashback and said to Shirone.
“I am Ahoya Gangnan, the chief secretary of the Magic Association.”
“Eh, the Chief Secretary of the Magic Association?”
Shirone’s eyes widened. His friends, who were watching from behind, couldn’t hide their surprise. If he were the head of the secretary, it would be safe to say that he was ranked second in the ranks of the Magic Association. A person who would be difficult to face even if he lived his entire life as a wizard was standing in front of him.
Shirone quickly lowered his head.
“Oh, hello. I am… … .”
Kang Nan was reluctant and spoke from the point of view.
“Shirone, this is a national emergency. There is someone who wants to meet you. Come with me to the capital.”
Shirone put on a blank expression.
It is said that it is a national emergency, but it was also strange to find yourself in such a situation as a mere student.
“Who wants to meet me?”
Kang Nan said indifferently.
“The president of the Tormia Magic Association, Mikea Gaold.”
“yes? Mikea Gaold?”
Shirone’s heart beat fast. He was the name he had heard most often in his life that he had never met.
It’s not just Syrone. In the kingdom of Tormia, there was no one who did not know Mikea Gaold among those who dipped their feet into magic.
Dante asked with interest.
“Why is such a high-ranking person looking for Shirone?”
Shirone was equally curious. But on the other hand, there was a part that I could guess.
“Is it related to the Ice Queen?”
“that’s right. The Ice Queen is a heavenly being. Do you know what it means for such an existence to have descended into this world?”
Shirone’s eyes widened. The first thing that came to my mind when I heard that the existence of heaven had descended was the final war.
“Stop, can’t you?”
“okay. A crack appeared in the space-time of the labyrinth.”
If the only barrier blocking the army of heaven was cracked, Gangnan’s words of a national emergency were understandable.
Lyria quietly intervened.
“wait a minute. Does the space-time of the labyrinth refer to the barriers of the law in the prophetic books?”
Gangnan, who was looking up and down at Lyria, asked.
“Is there a shrine?”
“Achaeans.”
“Right.”
Kang Nan nodded and continued his explanation.
“For now, it is not a serious problem. It was a small crack and now it has been restored. But a rift is always the beginning of a collapse, so things can’t get any better than they are now. We have to prepare for that.”
“Then Miro-san is now… … .”
Kang Nan raised his hand and cut off Shirone’s words.
“This is all I can tell you. For the rest, listen directly to the author, who is my superior. Come to the capital with me.”
Shirone was deep in thought with a thoughtful expression.
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 344 - Main character of life (4) 1.txt
===============================
[344] Main character of life (4)
As the law was lifted, the tourists who regained their human form were horrified to see the naked body. There was an uproar. The women screamed and covered themselves, while the men panicked and looked for a place to hide. Shirone’s party asked for help from the people outside the city wall and managed to evacuate everyone to an inn.
Shirone sat on the railing of the cafe terrace and watched the tourists packed into each building.
There were people who said they would sue the tourism office, and there were people who screamed loudly to call the manager.
They also met the beings of heaven. It was impossible to predict what kind of repercussions today’s events would have.
Shirone looked back at Gangnan. She also faces the tourists, but in her head it was her wandering face.
“Now what? Are you going to convince people?”
“Is it necessary?”
“yes?”
“We don’t have to worry about trifles. People from the association will come. They will figure it out.”
“But it will be difficult to rectify with time. What if rumors spread?”
“We just need to publicize it as if the myth of the Ice Queen was real. Believe it or not, you’re polluting information. But it doesn’t matter if you tell the truth. Even if you know it anyway, it’s not at the level that ordinary people can do anything about it.”
Gangnan experienced this situation often. When information about heaven spreads to the world, it seems like chaos will happen, but I assure you, nothing will happen.
People will still worry about what to eat for the day, wake up over an important contract tomorrow, and worry about how to raise their fast-growing children.
Gangnan looked back at Zocre and his group. He stuck to his side and didn’t fall off, even though he didn’t give any specific instructions.
They know it too. that it is not a situation they can rectify.
But it was just a nuisance to Gangnan.
“Your treatment will also be decided by the Association. So don’t follow me and go away. If you want to run away, you can.”
Zokre and the others bowed their heads sullenly.
I fully understand what it means to have the Magic Association as an enemy. Even if he goes to prison, his wizard license will not be revoked as long as he belongs to the Red Line. However, the moment they ran away, the only place they could belong was the Black Line. In the world of those caught in madness, Zocre and his party did not have the ability to endure.
“yes. sorry. When the members of the association come, I will surrender.”
Amy silently looked at Zocre and the others as they walked away. This was the life I could share with them. No matter what happens, you have to live in the end, and you have to live fiercely to become the main character in your own life.
After some follow-up, Kang Nan prepared to leave. Before uttering her words, she stared at Shirone.
After disarming the Keumgang, he looked much younger than expected. Of course, I’m not stupid enough to judge someone by their looks.
However, once I entered the association, I thought that these characteristics could be a headache.
That’s why Gaold’s proposal was unconventional.
“Shirone. We must start now. I’ll be waiting for you in the carriage, so hurry up and follow me.”
“yes. I’ll be there soon.”
Shirone was planning to follow Gangnan to the Magic Association. He was also curious about how things were with Miro, although the fact that he didn’t have a chance to face Gaold face to face played a part.
‘If you go to the capital, you’ll be able to meet Lian. Tess too.’
Shirone put on her backpack and approached Amy.
“Sorry. Because it ended up like this.”
I didn’t have the face to see Amy. She wanted to enjoy her vacation properly this time, but she put her in danger again.
“I tell you, I will never travel with you again.”
“haha! I’m really sorry. I have nothing to say.”
Amy smiled and shook her head.
“Thank you, Shirone. Thanks to you, I have confidence. I think I can work hard again now.”
Shirone felt it too. As well as the ability to subdue Zocre’s party, the super-heated Inferno was a magic that was difficult to implement at the same age as Amy.
I had an epiphany during the battle, but I didn’t ask about it. If there are 100 people, there are 100 realizations, and no one can follow Amy’s style. The day will come when we will talk and listen.
“I’ll call you when I get there. And Dante, thank you for doing me a favor. Take good care of Amy.”
Dante shrugged. She suddenly ended up escorting her rival’s girlfriend, but it wasn’t to her detriment. Heaven and the time-space of the labyrinth, Shirone and Amy seemed to be guessing something. I had plenty of time on the way, so I thought I’d ask about heaven.
“I don’t know what’s going on, but it’s good to go for now.”
“okay. See you at school then.”
When Shirone left, Dante and Amy also turned around. On the way to the exit, Dante pointed to the cafe and asked.
“A copy before you go? Of course, as long as you live.”
“How far will this go? buy some! You have a lot of money!”
“Uh huh. I escort you to the house, but at least coffee… … huh?”
Dante felt the presence and turned around. She was standing there with a large backpack on her back just like Lyria had seen her for the first time.
Now that the ruler has been sealed, she must return to the Akeanis Shrine and report back. She probably thought that after today she would never see Dante again. A wizard and a mage are good and bad, because they go on different paths from the beginning.
However, Lilia still had regrets. If he hadn’t met Dante, this dispatch would most likely have failed. It’s hard to imagine a wandering mage sharing feelings with someone, but because he relied on a lot of things, he couldn’t relieve his feelings like cutting with a knife.
“I’ll buy you coffee.”
“Hmm.”
Dante read Lyria’s liking revealed in her eyes. She was truly a woman who could not hide her emotions. She wasn’t the type to enjoy dating, but she wasn’t careful to stop a woman from coming, so she hugged Dante by the shoulder and pointed at her somewhere.
“good. coffee is done Shall we go somewhere quiet?”
Lyria’s face heated up as she looked at the direction Dante was pointing at. There was a sign that said Tteokhani Inn.
Lilia, who doesn’t know the world, couldn’t help but be shocked by the instant love method.
“Gee, now… … what… … sound… … .”
“haha! no need to subtract You’re old enough to know everything anyway. Let’s not waste our time.”
Lyria grunted and groaned. I thought I could accept her self-centered personality, but her circumstance with women was unacceptable.
“It’s like a flirt! Let go of this!”
When Lyria pushed away, Dante backed off meekly.
“A flirt? What did we do, are you already wishing?”
“it’s okay! I’m suddenly out of my mind! I don’t need them all, I’ll go back to the shrine!”
Dante laughed. If her relationship had gone this far, he had no reason to catch her.
“okay. Be careful.”
‘Indifferent child… … .’
When Dante really let her go, Lilia felt sad. But she didn’t look back all the way. If I turned my head here, it really seemed like there was no going back.
“If something interesting happens, write me!”
Lyria blinked at Dante’s voice from afar, then burst out laughing.
Air servant Dante. 18 years old.
2nd in the order of aspiring wizards in the kingdom of Tormia.
‘Whoops. I’ll remember.’
After letting Lyria walk towards the horizon with a bright expression on her face, Dante and Amy headed for the exit again.
I was about to leave the ruins of the castle, which I hated just looking at, but Zokre and his party were waiting for me at the ticket gate.
It was a very dignified face. She couldn’t completely hide her fears, but she didn’t seem to want to appear weak.
Vivian came over to Amy.
“Sorry.”
Amy shook her hand. This incident was no child’s play. It was seen that the situation was equitable by their being arrested.
“it’s okay. Because you and I fought according to our convictions. You don’t have to apologize just because you lost.”
“no. The one who saved me in the end. If I had died then, there would have been no next time.”
“That’s what… … .”
Amy shyly shook her head. She honestly wasn’t the only one acting for Vivian. She was the one who made the Jade King Park Yojin succeed, and what she shouted at the end was what she wanted to say to herself.
“I don’t know why you said that to me, but do your best. Be sure to become a wizard in the next graduation exam. Because you deserve to be the main character.”
Amy was stunned. I know it’s a cruel thought, but the words from the mouth of a loser gave me more confidence than any consolation I’d ever heard.
Vivian hung her shoulders weakly and went back to her friends. Amy, who had been watching the words of a miserable loser, opened her mouth.
“hey.”
When Vivian turned around, Amy undid one shoulder strap of her bag and started to rummage through it.
“ruler. this. take you.”
In Amy’s hand was a doll of the Ice Queen that she had received as a prize at the mini game room. Taking her trembling hand, Vivian looked at the ice queen for a long time. Her ice queen, the only person in her life who didn’t pay attention to her, her face was smiling as bright as her child.
“Black. Whoops.”
Vivian shed tears and hugged the ice queen to her chest. Zocre came over and patted her back. And she looked at her Amy for a moment, then walked away, taking Vivian with her.
Amy watched them leave for a long time. They will fight to the end for their lives. If so, won’t the day come when they can be the main characters too?
‘okay. I’ve only been eliminated once. If this were my life, I would fight and win.’
Amy clenched her fists and turned around. Unlike yesterday, her gait toward Dante was unstoppable.
divine transcendence (1)
A Kaizen swordsmanship school in Baska, the capital.
Kuan, who is currently a certified 6th grade swordsman and was called a death magician before he injured his Achilles tendon, was fighting a nightmare of the past that he could never return to.
Born into a family of soldiers, Kuan lost his entire family on the battlefield at the age of six. His uncle took him in and raised him, but took only his property and sent him to a swordsmanship school in another country.
But he didn’t resent anyone.
It was because he had no one to rely on, but he had a genius enough to become a certified 6th grade prosecutor at the age of only 20 years old.
The nightmare begins with an incident from 10 years ago.
It was at the age of 21, when he was appointed as the 2nd Company Commander of the Search Battalion to capture Cointra, the founder of the Dark Church.
The crew did not welcome Kuan. It was only natural that a 21-year-old kid had transferred to the veteran unit with an average age of 38.
Kuan didn’t care either. To him, his commander, a soldier was just a consumable item needed to win the war.
Without even having time to say hello to the crew, Kuan led his troops into the Haunted Forest as soon as he was appointed.
So far, numerous search teams have entered, but all without exception have lost contact.
The former company commander, who was frightened, went back to his home country for sick leave, so Kuan was put in an emergency.
But Kuan was confident.
Even if there really were ghosts in the forest, there was nothing in the world that his sword could not cut.
‘Don’t catch me. That it’s a ghost.’
The first day passed without incident.
However, something happened when the 2nd Company, which had finished camp, was doing maintenance around dawn.
“attack! It’s an attack!”
The sentry’s cry disappeared after one blow. Realizing that he had already broken through, Kuan grabbed his sword and walked out of the barracks.
The other members were also armed with weapons, and were wary of the enemy approaching from outside the twilight of dawn.
A gale blew. No, actually the wind didn’t exist. It was just ringing in everyone’s ears. Qu An reflexively cut through the darkness, but nothing caught his blade.
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 345 - Divine Transcendence (2) 4.txt
===============================
[345] Divine Transcendence (2)
“Equip yourself with square formations!”
40 crew members united in a circle. In a situation where the enemy could not be identified, the most important thing was not to be defeated individually.
Kuan finally captured the enemy.
From 20 meters away, a dark curtain shimmered, and one after another, white masks flipped over to reveal themselves.
“what?”
At some point, those wearing owl-like masks swirled around and stood up in a triangular formation.
Sureureung!
Thirty people drew their swords at the same time, but there was only one sound. Seeing them standing in the same posture aiming at the line of sight reminded me of a certain group’s information I had heard during the commander’s training.
“no way… … .”
The strongest swordsman group on earth.
‘Why is Pungjang here?’
Fengzhang is an escort knight for Theraze, the empress of the Kashan Empire. If such people appeared, there was one reason. Cointra, the leader of the Dark Church, is under the protection of Thera.
“What are you up to, Kashan?”
“If you go to the underworld… … .”
Poongjang’s exclusive patent, the collective murder notice, was fired.
“You will find out.”
“Aaaagh!”
I heard the screams of the 2nd company. Even for Kuan, it was a tremendous life. He didn’t have the level of energy that an ordinary soldier, no matter how veteran, could fight back.
“Sheesh!”
As Kuan kicked off the ground and charged, the Fengzhang scattered like the wind and gathered again. Dozens of swords created thousands of afterimages, and Kuan’s body moved as if ignoring gravity.
‘shit. How many points of external gravity are there?’
The skill of the fan was truly astounding. Those who implement fluid mechanics with the human body. It felt like we were losing our sense of direction and sharing swords in the middle of zero gravity.
But it was Fengzhang who was really surprised.
‘It takes a long time. How many times have you swung it?
‘Approximately 23,000 times.’
There are very few people who can withstand Fengzhang’s swordsmanship more than 1,000 times. In other words, it meant that it could grind any being in one second.
‘How naughty God is.’
If this world were 100% perfect, all creatures would be happy as microbes. But always nature makes 0.1 percent mutations. The existence of that 0.1% lowers the remaining 99.9% to insignificance.
‘Born by chance… … A specially chosen being.’
That was the impression Fengzhang felt for Kuan.
Technique, finesse, body balance, the ability to handle gravity, and the idea of creating new routes.
‘This man is a genius.’
At the same time as he thought, the Fengjang staff spread out like wings. Then it became a gale again and coiled around Kuan like a snake.
‘Kill the genius.’
Fengzhang’s sword engulfed all space. It was so fast that it felt like it was coming rather slowly.
“Wow! rush! Rush!”
At that moment, the company members rushed in. As soon as it entered the radius of the wind field, its flesh was ground like a piece of meat caught in a mechanism. Kuan’s escape from the sword was almost instinctive.
‘This crazy… … !’
An old man named Kobe, the oldest in the company, passed Kuan for the last time. He didn’t even have time to say goodbye, but his smiling eyes said a thousand words instead.
‘Live. Company commander.’
Looking at the company members being slaughtered in an instant, Kuan realized why they had to die.
‘I see. At least one person has to get out.’
Kashan’s involvement needs to be reported to the superiors. Otherwise, more members of the search party will fall into the trap of Poongjang.
‘This is the best. Because if someone has to live, I’m the most likely.’
Kuan, who was driven away by the force of external gravity, indifferently looked at the dark storm that raged in the darkness. All the crew members I hadn’t known for a day, or hadn’t even met eyes with, had all passed away.
‘why… … .’
I felt something hot inside. A huge flame burned in a place that was thought to have been extinguished and left nothing but ashes.
“Why the hell! damn it!”
As Kuan flew away, bursting with external gravity, the scattered wind fields gathered like feathers in a triangular formation 20 meters away.
“you… … Don’t think about going back alive.”
Fengzhang didn’t answer. In an unexpected situation, their heads were running complicatedly.
‘Mission failed.’
No, it almost failed.
If Kuan had made up his mind to run away, Fengzhang would not have been able to catch him. The lives of 40 insignificant people set an irreversible precedent for the world’s strongest Fengzhang.
Fengzhang, who stood in the lead, slowly lifted his hand and took off his mask, and Kuan’s forehead twitched. A woman’s face was revealed, with the corners of her eyes slenderly torn, beneath thick, pale eyelids that seemed to have no eyebrows.
“This is the first time a living person has seen Fengzhang’s face.”
“So what? Do you want me to be thrilled?”
“Come into the wind farm. We will lead you.”
It was an unconventional proposal even for Kuan, who is acknowledged by the world. Above all, they are the direct subordinates of Terase, the third emperor. If he accepted the offer, he would rise vertically to the highest possible position for a prosecutor.
Kuan finally withdrew the sword and slung it over his shoulder.
“refuse.”
The woman’s head tilted gently. Which swordsman in the world refuses Fengzhang’s proposal? It was clear that he had lost his sense of reality due to the death of his comrades.
“The death of a subordinate is regrettable. But a new future awaits you. Don’t bury your talent in the past.”
Kuan snorted. No matter how great the Fengzhang is, there can’t be two of the best under the sky.
“Don’t get me wrong. My men only fulfilled their mission as soldiers. The fool is the commander who can’t control his emotions.”
“Then why are you refusing?”
Kuan’s sword aimed again at the woman’s forehead.
“I’ve been curious since before, isn’t it embarrassing? What do you call the strongest among those who gather in groups and slash?”
“… … It’s a breakdown.”
At the same time as the woman put on the owl mask, the 30 Fengzhi scattered like the wind and flew towards Kuan.
‘wait. I’ll take at least one.’
How would you raise your face in the afterlife if you betrayed the expectations of your subordinates and did not even make a companion on the other side of the world?
Kuan fell into the storm of Fengzhang, spreading external gravity in all directions. The movements made by masters of external gravity went beyond combat and approached art.
‘Right. The answer was surprisingly easy.’
Kuan jumped over the wall. It was a certain level that he was able to overcome because he did not want to live. This time, Fungjang couldn’t help but be nervous. The forest of ghosts trembled at the deafening wails of dozens of swords.
‘A sword, is it even beautiful?’
At the end of the joy, Kuan’s sword cut the trajectory. Fengzhang’s neck was separated from the body, and at the same time, another heart stopped stuck in the blade.
‘two people. That’s enough to pay for the meal.’
Whoo oh oh oh!
Realizing the death of his colleague, the flow of wind exploded like a turbulent stream. The killing of two people at the same time was an extremely rare event in the entire history of Fengzhang.
Kuan calmly watched as their anger raged in the form of a frenzy. But they didn’t kill Kuan. Instead, he took off his Achilles tendon like fish meat.
“Aaaaaaa!”
Kuan screamed. It wasn’t because it was painful. Everything that made him, including the realization from a moment ago, disappeared as 30 grams of flesh fell off.
The nickname “magician of the battlefield” came from his magical swordsmanship, which decapitated opponents anytime, anywhere, but it was possible thanks to his genius activity and mobility.
There is no genius without an Achilles heel. He was no longer a battlefield mage.
“Big uh… … !”
Kuan couldn’t stand up. I couldn’t get up. Still, he stretched out his arms and crawled up his hillside. I could hear the deafening wails of the wind that circled around me. The voices uttered by 28 people, one syllable at a time, would be unforgettable even after a lifetime.
– You’ve become a mere insignificant thing.
Kuan continued to crawl. He was not afraid of his death because he had lost everything. But he couldn’t abandon his 40 men and give up his own life.
– Struggle like a bug.
“Aww! shut up!”
– Bark like a dog.
“Kill! I mean kill!”
– Report to your master. He said that the windmill saved his life. wag your tail and tell me
As the wind gusted from Fengzhang, the sound of fireworks could be heard. For Kuan, it was like the world was on fire.
He fell facedown on the ground and clenched his fists. He couldn’t hold out any longer. He could not prevent his conviction, to which he had dedicated his life, from falling into abyss.
“Aaaaaaaaaa!”
Kuan’s scream echoed in the forest of ghosts where Fengzhang disappeared.
“… … .”
Kuan opened his eyes. His face was still indifferent, but cold sweat broke out on his forehead.
“Damn it.”
I couldn’t lift a single finger as if I was being pressed by scissors. After she had a dream of Fengzhang, she always did. Ten minutes should be as stiff as a corpse. Just like the day 10 years ago when the Achilles tendon was cut.
After crawling out of the Haunted Forest, Kuan lost consciousness upon returning and was urgently evacuated to Tormia.
Theraze reported that he was protecting the Dark Church, but as expected, it did not affect the situation.
The search battalion was disbanded after continuing sluggish local warfare while encircling the mountain range for about a month.
It seems that there was some kind of agreement with the Kashan Empire, but from there, it was a matter of politicians, so Kuan did not intervene.
Kuan couldn’t be a hero. The incident of that day disappeared into history without even mentioning the name of Poongjang.
The military had offered him the position of battalion commander in the cavalry. He was a second-class special promotion, but there was no way he didn’t know that it was for silence.
Kuan chose the campaign. His mind had already been destroyed to the point where he could no longer hold the sword.
For a while, I lived like an idiot. Thinking of the members, he had never dreamed of committing suicide, and he had no suitable helpers.
Then one day, at the suggestion of his only friend, Kiyora Ellis, he was assigned to Kaizen Swordsmanship Academy.
‘It’s moving now.’
After getting out of bed, Kuan limped on his right leg and walked to the window. As she drew back her curtains, the morning light shone on her old desk.
Numerous papers were messed up.
Although the titles were different, such as ‘Psychoanalytic Opinion on the Phenomenon of Psychic Transcendence’, ‘Personalization’, and ‘Correlation between Will and Phenomenon’, the themes were common.
At the corner of the desk, memo pads on which he recorded his thoughts were stuck to them.
Kuan looked down at them with dry eyes, then swept them all away with his hand.
He collected all the data on transcending the mind, but still he could not reach it. Let it be said that he moves his body by force of will. But what is an alternative will? Even now, he is lame. No matter how much he tries to walk properly, he just can’t do it.
‘Ogent Lian.’
who could have predicted?
The fact that a boy with no talent to be found will do what Kuan, a recognized genius, could not do.
‘Couldn’t it be that I’m just an idiot?’
Kuan shook his head. I knew the truth. That he had already broken his sword. The moment his Achilles tendon fell off, the sword god also turned his attention away from him.
‘Another year is over.’
Today was the last day of the second half of the swordsmanship school. The measurement subject of the cadets he was in charge of was bakuto, especially wrestling.
Even if Lian could use divine transcendence, he would not be able to withstand the augmented physical strength of schema users.
Perhaps today will be another miserable day for him, but on the other hand, I was curious about the results of the past half year.
* * *
Tess went into the locker room with the female cadets in her group.
Wrestling is an evaluation item that requires close contact with the body, but since there is no meaning in separating men and women in a swordsmanship school, everyone had to take off their tops during evaluation.
However, women were allowed to wear tank tops.
Tess was having trouble putting on a tank top. Although his original skeleton was large, he had good volume, so he had to squeeze his chest almost like he was being squeezed in.
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 346 - Divine Transcendence (3) 2.txt
===============================
[346] Divine Transcendence (3)
The classmates looked at her with envious eyes.
“Tess. I’ve felt it before, but you really have a pretty body. Are you exercising separately?”
“What is exercise? It’s hard to keep up with the training. Besides, it’s not particularly good. It’s very cumbersome to get caught in close combat like today.”
He gave a pitiful eye smile as if he understood his motive.
“If you do it, there are all kinds of kids. There are men who touch me gently. Of course, if you do that to me, I’ll break your back.”
Another motive came to the fore.
“It is true that it is disadvantageous. Because I have to compete with muscle monsters who only eat meat for ten meals a day.”
Tess, who was wearing a tank top, said as she put on her training suit.
“There are sports that are advantageous to women anyway. Anyway, it’s the last evaluation, so let’s do our best.”
“okay. When I go on vacation, I have to sleep first. Lose some muscle too. I will definitely get a boyfriend this year.”
The comrade who changed clothes asked while lightly warming up.
“By the way, how is Tess? Is Lian and Jindo still the same? That kid is really indifferent.”
Tess bent her knees back, pulled the soles of her feet up to her hips, and laughed.
“haha! are you okay. Ryan has big dreams. If my boyfriend succeeds, it’s good for me.”
“Ugh. Don’t do that, bounce it and try it. If a pretty girl like you likes it, bowing won’t be enough.”
“Because I’m really fine. I’m not running anywhere, so what?”
I laughed it off in front of my friends, but it wasn’t like that in my heart. Lately, Leon has been talking less than before. It was clear that he was worried, but he never said anything.
‘What is it? Are you doing this to me too?’
I decided to put up with it until today. I’m on vacation tomorrow anyway, so even if it’s a serious concern, I’ll be able to ask comfortably.
After leaving the locker room, the cadets were heading down the hallway to the training ground. A man escaped from the crowd and approached Tess. Tess immediately showed dislike, but he, who is used to buying and selling, spoke to her with friendly eyes.
“Hello, Tess? I see you here.”
“Since it’s the same building, of course you’ll see it. Anyone who hears it will know that we met in hell.”
The man’s name is Rock. Coming from a first-class family, his father was the current Deputy Minister of Defense of Tormia.
Tess’s father, the commander of the colony, and a longtime comrade, have known Tess since childhood.
The angular square jaw, blonde hair, and deep eyes were attractive to anyone. His body was properly angled and his swordsmanship skills were excellent, so there were rumors in the social world that he was already getting a coma seat.
However, Rockeo chose Tess as his number one woman. She has the prestige of the Elzain family, but her beautiful appearance and nice body were not lacking in anything to make her her own mate.
“Tess. How about something for dinner tonight? Because I trained hard for half a year.”
“Sorry, but no. I have a prior agreement with Lian.”
“Do not lie. Every cadet knows that he won’t accept you. Why the hell are you doing this? You can have dinner with old friends, right?”
“no. I don’t like you, and I don’t want Rihanna to become conscious of you in any case. So let’s forget the old feelings and pretend we don’t know each other.”
The rock fish sighed. I couldn’t figure out why Tess, who was clever and sensible, fell in love with Lian.
He has poor skills and above all, he has no future. How could a swordsman with no knowledge become a commander?
“Tess. You have to think carefully. How long are you going to act like a child? you have a dream too With me, you can make that dream come true. Rihanna will never be able to make you happy.”
Tess kept her mouth shut as if she wasn’t even worthy of an answer. Rockeo felt the iron wall in her eyes. But the more she did, the stronger her possessive desire to possess her became.
“Tess. What are you doing? let’s go.”
Tess’ face, which had been cold, brightened in an instant. She didn’t even say hello to Rocker and ran to Lian, who was waiting at the end of her hallway.
‘That child… … !’
Rockfish trembled with humiliation and glared at Lian. But, as always, Rian only turned away after scattering her life with her nonchalant gaze.
Ryan and Tess were silent. Lian has been reticent lately, and Tess is worried that Lian will care about her relationship with the Rockfish.
It wasn’t until after he came out of the building that Lian spoke up.
“Are the rocks bothering you again?”
Tess hastily waved her hand.
“no. What if I bother you? Are you sure you don’t care? I told you not to talk to me in the future.”
“don’t worry. Because I don’t care.”
Tess pursed her lips. If Rian was conscious of the rock language, that would be a headache, but after hearing the nonchalant answer, I felt bad because I felt like I was being treated insignificantly.
“Rian. For these days… … .”
“How strong has Shirone become?”
Tess kept her mouth shut. what did he expect? From the beginning, there was no place for her in Lian’s thoughts.
The reason Rian trained to the extreme every day was to become a knight comparable to Shirone, who was growing rapidly.
If it was a master-servant relationship under knight oath, it was natural.
However, Shirone was a precious friend to her, so it was a problem that she sometimes forgot their relationship.
Tess shook off her sadness and patted Lian on the shoulder.
“You must have become very strong? Shirone is a genius. But you did your best too. If I see you now, I will be shocked and go black.”
Ryan smiled bitterly. What I felt every time I did my best was the extraordinaryness of a human named Shirone.
But now he was also seeing the answer to his long agony. There will be no more conflict.
“okay. You have to surprise me properly.”
Upon entering the training ground, many cadets had already gathered. After today, the achievements of the aspiring knights in the kingdom will be recorded again as a report card.
Tess took the top spot in most of the evaluations and was already in the lead group.
On the other hand, Lian still couldn’t get out of last place.
“Attention troops!”
When Kuan entered the training ground, all the cadets stood up. The nervousness he had when he first entered the facility disappeared and he felt a disciplined spirit.
“rest. Today is a wrestling evaluation. Do you know?”
“yes!”
A unified recital echoed.
It was enough to satisfy even the picky Kuan, but the tone was rough because it was the most unpleasant day of the year.
“What are you doing? Take off your top.”
As if it were a race, the buttons on his training suit came undone. The men, who exposed their flesh-colored upper bodies, paid attention to Kuan unwaveringly, regardless of the cold.
No one looked at the female cadet. It was disrespectful for her as someone taking knight lessons, and even with her worldly heart, it was the end of her day when Kuan caught her.
However, Kuan did not put any special restrictions on the men looking at each other. Because that is the male’s aggression and wild instinct.
As the evaluation period approaches, the number of cadets using public bathhouses decreases significantly. This is because the body is honest and contains the process of training as it is.
Showing your body ahead of competition is not good tactically. It was for this reason that the topless wrestling evaluation was held on the last day.
The focus of the cadets was on the body of the rock fish. The large muscles split as if they were wearing armor, and the trapezius muscle starting from the neck felt intimidating just by looking at it.
‘It’s a huge bulk up. How much did you grow in one month?’
‘It’s a human golem. If I get caught, I can’t even collect the bones.’
In terms of sword skills, Tess, who handles sharp swords, was first, but in terms of physical ability, Rockfish, who hoped to be a heavy infantryman, had the upper hand. Wrestling, in particular, was the skill he was most confident in, and he was a skilled man who could even break a bear’s neck with his bare hands.
“Wow… … .”
As exclamations erupted here and there, the rockfish turned its head with a triumphant face. However, the object of admiration was Lian, not the rock fish. Everyone couldn’t take their eyes off him.
Lian’s body was developed without missing a single small muscle. It was surprising that there were so many different types of muscles inside human skin. The feeling of being perfectly integrated. It was as hard as if it had been put in a mold and squeezed.
Even the male cadets who would not lose to the body faction were mesmerized, so it was only natural that Tess had hearts engraved in her eyes.
‘Lian… … .’
However, her eyes quickly changed to a vague look. She knew how much pain Rihanna went through to make her body perfect.
After eating Ymir’s arm, Lian’s right arm developed abnormally. It’s good to have stronger physical strength, but it’s never a good thing to lose balance.
From then on, Lian went through extreme training, wielding a club heavier than a greatsword 3,000 times a day.
Biological feedback is truly amazing, and as time goes by, the entire body begins to develop in a way that balances the right arm.
What was born in that way was Lian’s current body.
His muscular strength, which achieved perfect body balance, was 4 times stronger than half a year ago.
Perhaps he was the strongest among those who could not speak schema.
‘I’ve been hit by the sword.’
While the cadets were admiring Lian’s appearance, Kuan was paying attention to the functional aspect.
It is not a body built for one-dimensional goals such as strength or endurance.
It was a form optimized for the task of wielding a sword.
‘But it’s quite bizarre. It’s not the first time I’ve seen a trained person’s body, but I feel like I’m seeing it for the first time.’
Kuan’s sense of incongruity was accurate.
Lian’s body was in a state beyond the limits of perfection that a normal human could reach through feedback from his abnormal right arm.
‘Anyway, if you watch it, you’ll find out. What can that body do among schema users?’
Kuan stopped thinking and raised his head.
“Attention everyone. I will briefly explain the evaluation today.”
The cadets who came to their senses paid attention to Kuan. The rock, which was glaring at Lian annoyedly, turned his head.
“Wrestling is the major subject of the heavy infantry position. So, I won’t require any special skills from kids like you. As long as they are in close contact with each other in a two-person team, it doesn’t matter if they hit. Because I can’t tell them apart anyway. Since the weight classes are different, winning and losing are not included in the evaluation criteria, and it is okay to use ‘folding’.”
Upon hearing Kuan’s last words, the eyes of the cadets changed.
A schema is a virtual human body diagram that takes effect by overlapping several diagrams of a specific build.
‘Folding’ is an advanced technique of schema, which folds a specific human body diagram in half to create an effect as if two sheets were overlapped.
For example, if a test that uses muscle strength as its base technique tree performs folding, its strength increases more than twice.
At a higher level, two folds are entered, which are called ‘double’.
In this way, it is developed into triple, quadra, and penta, and the limit of folding that humans can reach is known to be 7 times.
Of course, at the cadet level, it is clear that even singles are difficult skills. However, Kaizen Swordsmanship Academy, which is no other place, is a prestigious school where the most talented people gather in Tormia.
Even if they were still treated as children by the instructors, more than half of them could speak basic folding.
Tess turned to Lian. As expected, his expression darkened. Lian’s skills are not inferior to those of the other cadets. However, as long as the schema was included in the evaluation items, he was always in last place.
The description of the schema is not limited to folding.
Numerous advanced technologies have been developed, such as ‘transmission’, which expresses the properties of two human body diagrams at once, ‘reversal’, which turns the technique build upside down, and ‘intersection’, which folds the human body diagram diagonally.
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 347 - Divine Transcendence (4).txt
===============================
[347] Divine Transcendence (4)
So far, they are equally enduring only with their physical abilities, but eventually, if the level of competitors increases, the gap will inevitably widen.
So, even though the school knew about Lian’s circumstances, they were unable to readily make exceptions.
“I will start the evaluation from Article 1. Groups 2 and 3 come out and warm up, and the rest rest.”
The cadets belonging to Group 1 went to the training ground with their eyes wide open. When Kuan, who sat down with the evaluation paper, gave the signal to start, he let out a monstrous spirit and engaged in a violent hand-to-hand combat.
As Kuan focuses on the confrontation, the cadets regain their composure. As always, Tess came to sit next to Lian. It was nice to have a conversation with Lian ahead of the evaluation. Would you say it feels like being alone with your lover on a battlefield?
However, Tess’ small pleasure was ruined by the approaching rock fish.
He walked with his well-developed chin raised and looked down at Lian and said.
“Hey, Lian. how is it? Can you avoid finishing last this time?”
“Never mind. It’s not your business.”
“haha! Of course it is. It’s like last place. I don’t know. But suddenly I got a funny idea. Maybe it has something to do with you.”
“What are you talking about?”
When Lian turned around, the rock fish pointed at him with his thumb.
“How about hanging out with me? Wrestling. do you know If you defeat me, the strongest, will the school recognize you? Don’t you have to do something to get out of last place?”
Rian looked back as if she wasn’t interested.
“I don’t need anyone’s approval. If I had to fight, I would fight anyone, but I don’t want to brag about my strength.”
The rock fish smiled faintly. These were the words of a typical underdog who wants to avoid fights and builds his ego.
But this time, that pride would get in the way.
“Hmm. Can you take responsibility for your words now?”
Having said that, the rockfish looked around the training ground. And he raised his hand without missing the gap at the end of the 2nd group confrontation.
“Instructor! I have a suggestion.”
“what?”
“I want to compete with Lian. please allow The negotiations between the two have already ended.”
Changing the way the cadets were evaluated was something they couldn’t do without a liver sticking out of the ship.
However, this time, Kuan was also particularly deep in thought. If Rian was the target, he was interesting to him too.
It was because I was curious about how far the mental transcendence could hold out against the rock fish with the most outstanding physical ability among my peers.
“I will listen to the opinions of the same group and make a decision.”
Even if Lian and Rockyeo finished the discussion, the other members of the team could have had different thoughts.
However, Rockfish was confident.
Since no opponent could beat him in wrestling anyway, he would not hesitate to make an offer in order to get a high score.
As expected, the opponent of the rock fish meekly agreed.
Even if winning or losing did not affect the performance, it was difficult to display long-term skills against an opponent with an overwhelming difference in skill.
Lian’s opponent also had no reason to refuse. If it was Lian, who was not a schema user, it would be worth it if he did well, and if he didn’t, it would be a serious loss.
When each of the interests and gains and losses came to a conclusion, Kuan drew two lines in the name of the evaluation paper and changed the group.
“good night. Lian and Rocker go into Article 17.”
As Rockfisher sat down next to Lian with a satisfied smile, Tess was inexplicably anxious.
Not many of his peers would be able to defeat Lian in actual swordsmanship, but wrestling’s rock word was really dangerous.
I don’t know what he was thinking of suggesting this confrontation, but I just hoped it would end as part of the evaluation.
The rock fish looked at Lian’s hardened face and said.
“how is it? Did you really end up sticking with me? You won’t regret it now, will you? If you’re scared, say it now. I will make it easy for you.”
Ryan didn’t answer. If she didn’t have something to say, she wasn’t the type to make up words.
After that, the evaluation went smoothly.
When Team 8 entered the arena, Tess, Team 10, prepared to leave. Because wrestling is an intense sport, there is a high risk of injury if you don’t stretch beforehand.
“I’ll go to Ryan.”
“okay. To work hard.”
The rock fish added a word.
“It’s not a big deal. Show off your top-tier skills.”
Tess ignored the rocker’s words and headed to the training ground. Even so, the rock fish was not displeased. He didn’t have much left to send a cold glance. Once the confrontation with Rian begins, her eyes will burn hot.
It was Tess’ turn. The opponent was Godim, a swordsman with an honest personality. Sticking to the short-shaved hair of his trainee days, he blushed when he faced Tess.
It is foolish to separate men and women in schools that teach the art of killing people. However, I thought that it was not necessary to go to wrestling, which involved heavy physical contact.
Nevertheless, when he entered the confrontation, Godim’s eyes sharpened like a warrior facing a beast.
Tess ran first and collided with Godim. Godim lowered her center of gravity and stretched out her arms to pull her thighs together. Her legs lifted momentarily, but Tess deftly turned her around and disabled her technique.
Seeing this, the rockfish smiled in satisfaction.
“That’s great, Tess. What a wonderful woman. it is not so?”
Even Ryan acknowledged Tess’ talent and ability. However, the words of the rock fish were unpleasant. It was because he knew that the place where his eyes were directed was not Tess’s skills, but her body.
“Why are you trying to fight me?”
“You must know why?”
The rock fish laughed. Judging by the opening of his taciturn mouth, he seemed to be getting impatient for fear of losing Tess.
“If that’s really the reason, don’t bring Tess in again. If you want to fight instead, come anytime. Because I don’t run away or avoid it.”
“haha! You are confident. But what next for you?”
Rockfish decided to get to the point. Now without Tess was a golden opportunity to reveal his true feelings.
“Ogent Lian. I’ve heard rumors I heard that your training is called demon training. You risked your life to win, what is this? good anyway Then, why don’t the losers in this confrontation step back from Tess?”
Ryan snorted in disbelief.
“Do you think Tess will choose you just because you beat me?”
“It doesn’t matter. It’s one thing for you to leave and Tess to choose me. I am asking about your resolve.”
Ryan put off an answer and looked at Tess. Her wrestling was different from Godim. She was distracting her opponent with flexibility and balance, not strength.
Tess’ talent was certainly genuine. On the other hand, he himself has no talent and no future. Under these circumstances, it was just a luxury for her to consider who she was.
“I don’t bet on people’s hearts.”
“joy. Are you pulling your tail because it’s disadvantageous?”
“But I will tell you this.”
Lian’s eyes glared at the rock fish.
“Even if you kill me in this confrontation, I will never resent you.”
Ryan’s intentions were sincere. However, because he was born with strong bones and had a military constitution, he was more aggression than fear.
“haha! Are you shouting? Do you know that I can’t?”
Then there was a thud from the training ground. Lian and Rocker looked back at the same time. Tess was holding Godim by the arm, hanging her on the ground.
Godim looked up at the sky with an expression of not knowing what had happened to him, then sat down blushing.
“I lost. It was a good fight.”
“Whoa. You did a good job too. Actually, the last one was a gamble.”
An overturn attempted by taking advantage of the opponent’s pushing force. If he made a mistake in his judgment, he had no choice but to give up, but there was no way that Tess, a sensory schema, could not catch the opponent’s center shift. Godim also knew that her words were consideration for the loser, and she meekly accepted defeat.
Tess returned to Lian and made a V with both hands.
“lol. I’m done. It’s a vacation from now on.”
However, the atmosphere was quite different from before. Lian’s expression was even colder, and even the eyes of the rockfish were burning with life. It was clear something had happened while he was away.
“Rian. What’s wrong with your expression? Rock, what happened?”
The rock fish shrugged and trembled.
“What are you doing by asking me about that? I didn’t do anything.”
Tess stared at the rockfish with unresolved doubts, and then sat down reluctantly. He knew it was a lie, but Rian wouldn’t answer even if he asked.
When the match in group 15 started, Lian in group 17 entered the training ground to warm up. Then he turned to Tess and said to the rock fisherman who pretended to follow him.
“Tess. You’ll find out soon. How crappy Rihanna is. And what a wonderful man I am.”
“What nonsense are you talking about? No matter what you do, the day will never come when you look great in my eyes.”
“You are doing too much. I’m still a friend I know that? I made a bet with Ryan a while ago.”
“bet? What bet?”
“The loser in this confrontation decided to give up on you. I thought it would be good to know in advance.”
Tess sneered and shook her head.
“Rock, Lian never bets on anyone else. That’s the difference between you and Lian.”
Rockfish was displeased with Tess’ blind trust, but did not show it. Also, this was the driving force that allowed him to sow numerous rumors in the social world.
“Is it really so? Just watch it for now.”
In any case, the confrontation was concluded, so it did not matter. Tess would be ashamed to see Lian suffer miserably in front of the cadets. In that respect, the wrestling entry was very good. Because you can take your time and slowly harass your opponent.
When Group 17’s turn came back, Lian and Rocker faced each other in the arena. When compared with the naked body, the difference in body size reached almost 1.5 times. Even though Rian is by no means small compared to his peers, the bulk up of the rock fish was so frightening that it looked like a battle between an adult and a child.
The cadets fixed their eyes on the two. Like a person who expects the brutal feeding that can only be seen in the wild.
Ryan will be eaten. The downside of not being able to use the schema was fatal in every way.
The reason why Lian is recognized is because he is following the progress only with his physical ability, but he was never the best with his skills.
The rock fish snapped his thick neck and said.
“Then shall we begin? Are you ready?”
“However much. Now that it’s like this, let’s have a good match.”
As Lian and Bahre took a wrestling stance, Kuan put aside his handwriting and paid attention to their confrontation.
The two collided at the same time as the starting signal went down.
After touching the body, you are free to do whatever you want. However, the rock fish pushed him in from the head and shocked him at the same time as the start.
There was a bang. It was a sound that made you feel anxious that your skull might have been shattered.
Kuan didn’t think it was a foul. It was a common case for collisions to occur for close contact.
It wasn’t that Rian wasn’t prepared, but the moment their heads collided, sparks exploded in front of their eyes and their upper body tilted back.
In a crash like this, in the end, weight is everything. This was the reason why Rockfish desperately bulked up.
As Lian stumbled, the rock fish immediately caught up and grabbed Lian’s back neck. Rian hurriedly came to his senses and made the same gesture. It was like two bulls standing with their horns pointed at each other. In a state of apnea, each other’s faces turned red. Gradually, Lian’s legs began to drag on the ground. Again, the deciding factor was the weight.
“Huhhhh… … .”
Breath leaked from between the teeth of the rock fish. I had heard rumors, but it was shocking to actually face it. Ryan can’t speak schema. In the first place, it should have fallen out of the first collision, and it was normal.
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 348 - Divine Transcendence (5) 4.txt
===============================
[348] Divine Transcendence (5) ‘A cheeky child… … !’ The rockfish tried the technique. He tried to throw his center off by framing Rihanna’s body with his arms. But Lian did the same, swinging his arm to sabotage his technique. Annoyed, the rockfish pushed Lian away. And she hit her body again. A second headbutt was inflicted. This time, Rihanna also felt dizzy. When the opportunity to tackle finally came up, the rocker rushed while hugging Lian’s waist. Hesitantly backing away, I walked over Lian’s legs and opened my back. It was over when I pressed it like this. “Keugh!” Ryan managed to twist his body and get out. He was still not in his sane state. It took time. However, the rock fish rushed again without giving it a chance to come to its senses. Lian, who had been thwarted twice, instinctively put his head first and countered. His mind flashed, but not as much as the first and second. The two raised their eyes wide as their foreheads met. Blood was still flowing from his nose. Rockfish could not control his anger. For him who aspires to become a heavy infantryman, strength is just as important as swordsmanship. Rian’s value would have risen just by pushing him to this point, who had no history of losing in wrestling. ‘joy. I can’t let it go like that.’ The rock fish raised the corners of its mouth and said. “Can you stand it? but are you okay? It looks like your eyes are open.” In reality, Ryan was hazy. In a confrontation of strength, the speed of breathing must be adjusted to the reaction of the opponent. It was like going under water and betting who could hold their breath the longest. The lack of oxygen made him unconscious even while standing. “Then, shall we go into folding from now on?” Ryan gritted his teeth. Did he fight without folding all this time? As if to prove that it was not a lie, enormous power came from the body of the rock fish. “ha ha ha! Is this too easy?” Rockfish cooked Lian as he pleased. He picked it up as if playing with a child, then put it down and swung her left and right. When the difference in strength was more than doubled, the technique was useless. ‘You didn’t think it would end like this, did you?’ The rock fish hugged Lian’s chest and lifted it up. When I applied pressure in that state, all the air in my lungs was expelled. “Huh!” The feeling of forcibly escaping the air in the body was the height of discomfort, but it was nothing compared to the rock fish technique that followed. He lifted Lian’s arm and entered between the armpits and tried to break the swastika on the lower body while standing. “I-that… … .” The cadets looked at them with bewildered expressions. Updominal Stretch. It was a technique called the Cobra Twist. Of course, the wrestling technique is correct. However, it was difficult to successfully perform a technique on a standing opponent, so it was a technique that was only practiced as a joke unless the difference in skills was large. And this is exactly what the rockfish was aiming for. Lian was caught in a technique with his side bent and his arms raised. Even if it looks ridiculous, it’s not a posture that can give strength, so once you get caught, you can’t move. “Aww!” A moan escaped Ryan’s mouth. The muscles were stretched to the limit, so even if the rockfish moved just 1 cm, the pain was sent down the spine. The rockfish turned to the place where the cadets were, as if to see Lian’s appearance. Although he was humiliated, he was in a situation where he had no choice but to be dragged away. “how is it? Shall I break your back like this? ok?” Every time the rockfish moved slightly, a creaking sound could be heard from Lian’s spine. Satisfied, he turned to Tess. I could see him trembling as he bit his lip. ‘You said so. You can’t ignore me too much.’ He hadn’t even thought of taking care of Lian’s situation in order to impress Tess. A woman in love is single-minded, so no matter how wonderful a man approaches, she only sees one. In order for her to change her mind, she has to make a mess and then she has to get it out of her sight. “Why don’t you surrender slowly? Or should we play a little more?” Ryan didn’t answer. His gaze was also watching what the rockfish was looking at. ‘Tess… … .’ Tess looked like she was about to burst into tears. she was a righteous person That’s why the person she hates the most here is also Tess, not herself. “Break it.” “what?” The rockfish asked with an absurd expression. “I should have said it clearly. I don’t care if you kill me But I will never surrender.” “ha ha ha! Hey, what are you always so serious about? It’s just an evaluation. That there is no need to decide to live or die. Besides, this doesn’t mean that your embarrassment will go away, right?” Rockyeo led Lian to tour again. The feelings of the cadets came through. Some fear, some anger, some pity. However, he knew that it was the eyes of the weak looking at the strong. “what?” At that moment, an intense power came through. Rockfish, startled as if bitten by a flying insect, looked back at Lian. ‘Do you still have strength?’ It wasn’t exactly a dragon face. However, the eyes were cold and dead as if time had stopped. ‘Stretch your back. stretch your back Stretch your back.’ Ryan’s gaze was directed inward. When the command to straighten his back was delivered, his side slowly began to rise as if it were a lie. “haha. Look at this kid?” Rockeo laughed as if it were not the same, but he could not completely hide his nervous feelings. He subtly draws out his power, but even so, he couldn’t stop Lian from moving. ‘what is this? What the hell is this?’ The rockfish clenched its teeth and inflated the muscles of its entire body. “Huuuuuuuuuuuuuuu!” And the moment I felt the reaction, my heart sank. It’s not delusion or carelessness. Even though Lian’s upper body kept coming up, she really couldn’t stop it. My heart beat fast and a shudder ran down my spine. Something other than what is called power is lifting Lian. The gigantic movement, as if the whole world was rushing in, aroused fear in him that he had never experienced before. Kuan’s eyes watching it forgot to blink. That was it. The mysteries of divine transcendence that can never be understood. ‘Nonsense. How is this possible? What the hell is going on?’ Lian wasn’t in a position to be strong. Even so, he was completely ignoring the principle of the lever and was working. Therefore, he does not move by force. Some rules of the world are setting him up. “Hey, hey! for a moment!” Suddenly, an urgent voice burst out of the rock fish’s mouth. No matter how hard I tried, I was constantly being pushed back. As Lian returned to his posture, his body twisted grotesquely. Finally the cobra twist was reversed and his muscles stretched to their limit. “Aaaaaagh!” The cadets were stunned by the sight of the victim screaming. Lian did not let go of his anger or mock the rock fisherman. He only thought he had to move his body. “surrender! lost! Please stop! No waist!” Ryan didn’t stop. Even when Rocker gave a mocking performance, he wasn’t upset in the slightest. It’s been a long time since I’ve been able to take a look at the limit of talent. But that’s why the opponent has to risk everything to defeat him. Also, even if all of that was the beating of a person with no talent, he could never forgive himself for offending Tess. ‘okay. This is enough.’ Ryan finally made up his mind. And he pressed down on the rocker’s face, which got stuck in his armpit. There was a muffled, twisting sound. “Aaaaaaaaa!” The rockfish screamed as if its jaw would fall out. His body was so entangled that he could not fall. As his abdominal muscles were torn, his whole body was drained of strength, and only his jaw was open, limp like a puppet with a thread cut. Slowness leaked out. Lian grabbed the head of the rock fish caught in his armpit and pushed it away. The rock fish that fell to the floor twisted its body at the second impact. Tears were streaming down her face at how painful she was. The eyes of the cadets changed in the lengthy silence. In the appearance of the crying rock fish, I couldn’t find the flavor of the absolute power that I felt a moment ago. ‘Poor child. It’s vacation from today, but it looks like you’ve been recuperating for three months.’ The rockfish put his hands on the ground and raised his upper body. But he collapsed, screaming at the pain he felt again. He barely raised his head and let out an angry sound. “Don’t think this will change anything! It’s just that I’m weak! You are not strong!” I could feel the venom of the rock fish from the way he poured out bad words even to the point of putting himself down. But Ryan didn’t hear anything. The aftermath of the divine transcendence that forcibly moved his body seemed to tear the muscles of his whole body. ‘damn. It was too much.’ Ryan counted 10 seconds inwardly. As the count progressed, the pain began to subside little by little. It was a tremendous recovery ability that was obtained thanks to breaking through the limits without missing a single day. ‘I can move now.’ As I opened my ears, I heard the voice of a rock fish. “How long do you think it will last? I will become stronger! But you are the limit You will live as a loser for the rest of your life!” “That child… … !” Tess clenched her fists. If it hadn’t been for the evaluation, he would have rushed right away and delivered another blow to his torn stomach. On the other hand, Lian had a calm expression. Returning to his seat, he slung his training suit over his shoulder. Then he turned and walked towards the exit of the training ground without a word. “Lee, Lian?” Tess, as well as the other cadets, looked at Lian with an absurd expression. Kuan’s cold voice pierced his back. “Rian. Take a seat. Leaving without permission is a failure.” “Then let’s fail.” Lian could not find the difference between last place and failing grade. No matter what performance is shown, the school does not give points to the test that cannot perform the schema. When Lian left the training ground, the atmosphere cooled. Up until now, not a single cadet had shown any courage against Instructor Kuan, so there were already those who wished for Lian’s rest. ‘Is this the limit after all?’ Kuan was neither displeased nor concerned about Lian. He didn’t care if the wilds ruined his life, as long as he took responsibility for what he had done. But today, I didn’t feel light. Divine Transcendence was a real power, and Lian could use it. How long can you last? The day will come when the body will not withstand the force of the will and will be destroyed. Kuan, who wrote a failing grade on Lian’s evaluation sheet, put parentheses. And he added the phrase “unauthorized departure.” After the wrestling evaluation, Tess went to see Lian without even having time to wash herself. Just then, Lian opened the door and came out of the dorm. He was so clean that he even took a shower, even though the rest of his stomach would burn to death. “Rian! What happened? Do you really want to fail?” Ryan strode past Tess. It looked like he was determined. So she was anxious. It was Lian’s personality that once the fire started to spread out of control. “Please say something. Leaving during an evaluation is serious. Last place is not the problem. You know what happens when you get caught by the instructors, right?” “doesn’t care. Captured or not.” It’s not that I don’t understand Lian’s feelings of not being rewarded for her efforts, but things were really bad this time. Protest against superiors was unacceptable under any circumstances. “Rian. Think again. You’ve held up well so far.” “I’m not doing this because I can’t stand it. I’m sick of it.” The moment Tess saw Lian’s distorted face, she realized that she was serious. But what kind of pointy number does this mean? Everything was going too fast. The place where Lian arrived was the instructor’s office. When I opened the door and entered, Kuan was sorting the evaluation papers. He glanced at Lian as he saluted, then turned his gaze to the desk as if he was not interested. “what’s the matter? When do you go out like that?” “I came because I have something to tell you.” “go back. you are failing A cadet who acts as he pleases is not worth evaluating.” Ryan placed an envelope on the desk. After checking the text on the envelope, Kuan frowned and raised his head. However, Lian said with a calm expression, as if he had already made up his mind. “This is a letter of resignation. I will leave the swordsmanship school.” (end of volume 14) —————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 349 - Prosecutor's Belief (1).txt
===============================
[349] Prosecutor’s Belief (1)
Shirone arrived in Baska, the capital of Tormia.
Shirone couldn’t take her eyes off the image reflected through the carriage’s window. The streets were neatly paved and the clothes of the people were colorful as if to emphasize their individuality.
When I entered the main street, there were many tall buildings that pierced the sky. Shirone checked the names of institutions he had only come across in books.
Alchemy Foundation, Prosecutors Association, Supreme Court.
At the last place they arrived, the building of the prestigious Magic Association stood tall.
It was safe to say that the 18-story building was a tower. It was a huge tower. Looking at the first floor alone, it seemed that several aristocratic mansions could fit.
Raising her head to find the top, Shirone closed her eyes to the reflected sunlight. The front was glossy like glass, so I didn’t dare to look up.
“Let’s go in. This is the Magic Association.”
Kang Nan, who paid the driver’s fare, passed by Shirone and said,
After following her to the doorway, the guards turned to Gangnan and bowed 90 degrees. Since they were the gatekeepers of the Magic Association, even the bodyguards prayed a lot.
But Shirone knew that everyone who works here is a wizard.
It was a sacred place in the magic world that only those recognized as the best in their class could enter, no matter what the water level was.
Seeing the revolving door for the first time, Shirone looked up and moved at full speed. Then she landed in the hall as if she was being pushed and bounced against the glass window. The receptionist at the central front desk was guiding the department to the nobles with a smile.
Kang Nan went to the platform not far from the entrance. The elevator in the form of a capsule in a coffin made of glass was constantly going up and down.
‘It’s moving with air pressure. It’s very convenient.’
Kang Nan looked at the floor where the platform was staying, and turned to the stairs as if it was not a good idea. Shirone licked her lips as if regretting it, but she had no choice but to follow her.
The stairs were wide enough for 20 people to walk side by side. There were as many as four landings, and the structure was curved like a spiral.
Upon arriving on the third floor, a monotonous landscape consisting of only hallways and offices unfolded.
A young woman was standing next to an office with a sign that read, Foreign Management Department.
It was Ravid Fleur, the 3rd floor manager of the Magic Association Security Department.
He was shorter than average in height and had blue pigtails that reached his waist. Her white skin and red lips made her look scary from a distance, but when she got closer and checked her face, her youthful expression was by no means an ugly face.
He was holding a magic wand with both hands and supporting his buttocks. The stem was thin and the tip was decorated with a fancy phoenix and a thick crystal ball was embedded in it.
Flew moved first and met the Gangnan.
“Hello, Chief Secretary. Did the dispatch work go well?”
“so so. Who is the president of the association?”
“You went out this morning, and you are currently out of town.”
Kangnan squinted one eye as if he was embarrassed.
“Where have you been?”
“That’s good for me too. I was told it would take about three days.”
“Oh, by the way, today… … .”
Gangnan’s mission did not have a fixed deadline, so it was inevitable.
It was impossible to keep Shirone from the provinces waiting indefinitely, so while he was lost in thought, Fleur pointed to Shirone and asked.
“But this boy… … ?”
“Ah, it’s the president’s guest. got into trouble There must be no place for Shirone to stay.”
“A guest?”
Fleur looked at Shirone in disbelief.
In the two years that she had been with the Society, not many people had come so secretly as Gaold’s guests. Most of them were the best envoys from other countries or high-ranking politicians who shuddered at the mention of their name, so it was to the extent that they had to clean the association and even hire a dedicated chef.
‘So what if?’
A thought passed through Fleur’s mind.
It may be someone involved in the project. Even when Kang Nan-yi asked her where Old was, she had a strong feeling that she was trying to avoid the attention of other departments.
‘It won’t be. How can such a young child participate in the project?’
Even the Fleurs, who claimed to be members of the Garold Guard, which were extremely small in the association, were only limited to the outermost border in this project.
Under such circumstances, it was impossible for a boy younger than himself to assist Gaold.
‘Who are you? Are you a relative of the president of the Association?’
In any case, the first impression of Shirone was not very good.
The common characteristic of those who follow the eccentric Gaold is that they want to be recognized by him. A rivalry arises for no reason in the boy who came to the president of the association as a guest, whom even he could not do alone.
Gangnan, who was coordinating the schedule, said to Shirone.
“Shirone, how about spending some time here first? I have to go out right away. Flew, can you take care of Shirone until the President of the Association arrives?”
“Oh, of course… … .”
As Fleur was about to speak, Shirone turned to Gangnan and said,
“Hey, then, can we go somewhere for a while?”
“huh? where?”
“I have friends living in the capital. I’ll stay there and then come back.”
Kang Nan groaned and fell into thought.
It was best for Shirone to stay in the association, but there was nothing wrong with stealing it outside. Rather, it was a good way to get out of the eyes of other departments.
“Okay, then let’s go. But I want you to keep it secure.”
“Yeah, don’t worry about that.”
Flew, who heard the conversation between the two, was even more suspicious.
Gangnan has a calm personality except when dealing with Gaold, but he is more thorough than anyone else when it comes to work. If the president of the Magic Association was supposed to be alone, he wouldn’t be an ordinary person. However, he did not know what a boy who was less than twenty years old believed in and trusted in security.
‘Are you royalty? Who is asking the Chief Secretary of the Magic Association for personal matters?’
Contrary to Flew’s expectations, Gangnan didn’t care much. Anything more than two people know is not a secret anyway. He brought Shirone according to the instructions, so from then on it was up to Old to take care of himself.
“Then come back here when your business is over. It should come within 3 days. When you come to the Association, look for Flu here.”
Kang Nan also told Fleur.
“Flu, as soon as Shirone arrives, guide him to the president of the association. In a quiet place if possible. Of course, I’ll take care of it, but there are times when I’m away.”
Flew politely bowed her head.
“all right.”
And he quickly shook his head.
‘Shirone? Then you’re not royalty. Where did you hear that name? Where did you hear that?’
I had the feeling that something was caught on the other side of my memory, but it was still vague.
Gangnan put his hand on Shirone’s back and turned around.
“Come on, let’s go. I’ll take you outside.”
Shirone looked at Gangnan and Fleur alternately, then hurriedly lowered her head.
“Ah yes. Goodbye then.”
Fleur nodded lightly and looked at Shirone with sharp eyes.
It’s definitely a name you know. It’s just that I can’t come up with certainty because I’m not familiar with it.
‘Well, if I look for it, it will come out.’
Flew waited in the hallway for the gangnan to dissipate, then quickly turned around.
* * *
After exiting the Magic Association through the revolving door, Shirone realized that she had come to Baska when she saw the streets overflowing with gold.
Kang Nan checked the time and licked his lips as if he was ambiguous.
“Sorry, but I have another job. Do you know where your friends are? Can you visit me alone?”
“yes. I know the address. you can ask If I can’t find it, I’ll take a carriage ride.”
“okay. See you in three days.”
Kang Nan easily turned around.
Actually, I wasn’t worried. It doesn’t make sense that the kingdom’s greatest aspiring wizard couldn’t find a way.
Gangnan went out to the main road and raised his hand, and the luxurious carriage stopped immediately. When I opened the door, I saw that a gentleman with a mustache and an old lady had boarded first. Kang Nan jumped up without hesitation, and immediately the carriage started.
Shirone watched, then raised her hand as the next carriage arrived. A blue lighted carriage stopped.
Opening the door and entering, the dimpled girl turned to Shirone and smiled.
“uh… … excuse me.”
Shirone was embarrassed.
Sitting together is natural in Basuka, but staying in a small space with strangers was unfamiliar to Shirone. Especially if the target of the meeting is a girl of the same age.
“Come on. Where are you going?”
“Ah, that’s the side of the palace over there.”
“Good. You don’t have to turn around.”
Shirone noticeably climbed into the carriage and sat across from him. After telling her coachman where she was, he turned around and the girl smiled at her and covered her mouth.
“Why are you like that?”
“Aren’t you from the capital city?”
“Ah yes. But did it show?”
“Baska residents never notice when they sit together. Don’t get me wrong. I didn’t mean to say that you were corny or anything like that. Rather, you are very cool.”
Shirone’s face turned red, and she lowered her head. It was the same with Marsha, but I couldn’t adapt to this kind of thing.
On the other hand, the girl skillfully led the conversation as if it were a normal day.
She was 20 years old and a student preparing for the Diplomatic Examination. She has two boyfriends, one younger and one a twenty-eight-year-old businessman, she said.
Shirone calmed down and listened to her story.
Then, just once, she asked if we could meet separately, with a hint of nuance. But when Shirone’s focus shifted, she smiled coolly and didn’t ask again.
“Then, bye. Nice to meet you.”
“yes. goodbye.”
After the carriage left, Shirone’s face left on the roadside had turned haggard within 30 minutes.
Aside from talking a lot, the culture shock was so great that I couldn’t handle it. Although not all people have the same personality in the capital city, I could finally find out where Dante’s free-spirited way of thinking came from.
‘Whoa, my head hurts already. Certainly the capital is different.’
Shirone entered a luxury housing estate.
Reina’s mansion was in a place where the Leth Mountains flowed like a torrent and the spire of the royal castle could be seen. It was much smaller than the original house, but still luxurious.
“Well, Reina noona is a court musician.”
Upon arriving at the main gate, the attendants who had accompanied her to the Kazura Castle recognized Shirone.
“What? Aren’t you Master Shirone? What have you been up to here?”
“How have you been? I’m here to see Ryan. The swordsmanship academy is also on break now.”
“It is, but… … .”
There was something suspicious about the blurring of the horse’s tail.
The attendants looked at each other, and one person turned away, as if they wanted to do something wrong.
“Please wait a moment. I will be right back.”
Since it was Shirone, a guest of the Ogent family, it was disrespectful to leave it standing at the door. He didn’t feel particularly bad, but he couldn’t get rid of the strange feeling.
Butler Lewis came out of the mansion. The intelligent gaze that drove Shirone was the same, but unlike before, he greeted her with a happy smile.
“welcome. It’s the first time I’ve seen you in Kazura.”
“Yes, I was very grateful at the time. But are you here?”
“Anyway, since a big senior works there, I often come and go with my family. Come in at once.”
Shirone followed Louis and asked.
“Is something going on? The atmosphere is a bit strange.”
“that is… … You will know once you enter.”
Reina’s mansion was much larger inside than it looked from the outside.
There were two women standing in front of Klumph’s room, one was Raina and the other was an unexpected person.
“what?”
“Shirone!”
Tess, who was looking like she was about to cry at any moment, came running, showing her bright colors. Then, he hit Shirone on the shoulder with his two fists and shouted.
“What is it, what is it, what is it? How did you come here?”
Shirone, who greeted Reina first, looked back at Tess belatedly.
“haha! I stopped by the capital because I had work and came to see Lian’s face. Did you finish school safely?”
“Hey, that… … .”
At this point, Shirone also started to feel frustrated.
“Why are you doing that? Did something really happen?”
Reina said with a serious expression.
“Lian dropped out of school.”
“yes? Are you dropping out?”
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 350 - Prosecutor's Belief (2) 1.txt
===============================
[350] Prosecutor’s Faith (2)
Klump, who was sitting in the seat of honor, had his arms crossed and a serious expression on his face. In the seat next to him, Kuan, who ran after receiving a call from Klump from the swordsmanship academy, joined them.
Lian, who was standing looking at the two of them, straightened her back and caught Klump’s eyes with an unwavering gaze before speaking.
“It’s something I’ve decided. It’s strange to ask permission for my decision, but please accept it.”
Klump sighed and let out the ground.
The blue-haired lineage is free-spirited and hot-tempered. I knew roughly how hard Lian had worked so far, and it wasn’t that I couldn’t understand her feelings of not being able to schema. But now it’s only one year. It was too early to judge the success or failure of the class.
“… … Are you running away? What are you going to do by dropping out of school? Are you thinking of going back to your family and practicing privately?”
“no. I’m leaving for knight training.”
Klump’s beard twitched as he clenched his teeth. Anger and joy were mixed together. How is it that he thinks the same as he did when he was younger?
Still, I had to object.
Even when Klump was young, there were many knights ascetics. The world situation was chaotic, and it was not a dream to unify the world with a sword.
But times have changed.
A sword is a skill that kills people. Therefore, there may be no better training than experiencing combat, but it was a double-edged sword that could end your life with a single mistake.
“Don’t tell me you’re young. Because you’ll be nineteen soon. But can you say for sure that you don’t learn anything at school? Is school really such an insignificant thing to you?”
“I never thought of anything like that. I just want to be strong.”
This time, Klump also showed his anger.
Being satisfied with being like oneself and insisting on following the path of ancestors are two different things. Above all, I couldn’t push my cute grandson with my limbs.
“You want to become stronger, so you leave training? Do you think that foolishness will work even after coming this far?”
“No kidding! I sincerely risk my life… … !”
Klump was adamant.
“If you can’t, then no. Practice can be experienced at any time. The first thing is to build up your skills enough to go out into the world.”
“no. I have already submitted my resignation letter. The decision has already been made.”
“I canceled it. This old man, who is in his 70s, begged a junior here to repair it.”
“grandfather!”
Ryan raised his voice.
Aside from accepting the resignation letter, it was frustrating that Klump had an affair with someone for his own business.
Just as Ryan was about to speak out with his burning emotions, he heard a knock at the door.
Klump frowned as if he was concerned.
“what? We’re talking now, so do it later.”
“The big elder Shirone-kun has come to visit.”
Ryan looked back at the door in surprise. My heart suddenly started beating fast.
My best friend and lord with whom I made knightly oaths. Whatever the reason, he was the only person I never wanted to see like this.
Even Klump knew what Shirone meant to Rian. He stroked his beard for a moment, lost in thought, before making a decision.
“Ask me to come in.”
Lian’s personality, stubborn and strong-willed, is not even a seed for a family member. But Shirone could have changed the situation.
The door opened and Shirone entered. Tess poked her head out to check the atmosphere in the room, but Louis immediately closed the door without giving her a moment’s rest.
Rian unknowingly avoided Shirone’s gaze. But Shirone didn’t care, and said hello to Klump first.
“Hello, old man.”
“okay. I heard about it from Rayna. She suffered a lot.”
He already knew what had happened in Kazura. After going through the ordeal, Shirone’s prayers were remarkably strong.
But right now, I couldn’t afford to pay attention to Shirone’s changes. Shirone knew why Klump had called him, so he didn’t change his mind.
“Lian dropped out of school.”
Klump gave an exaggeratedly upset look and scratched his head.
“okay. See how you can convince me Do you have such stupidity?”
“I am in favor.”
Klump’s hand, which was scratching his head, stopped. Not only Rian, but even Kuan, who didn’t know Shirone, looked at him with a look of surprise.
“agree? Does that mean Lian can drop out of school?”
“yes. I don’t know the circumstances, I haven’t heard the reason, but I think it’s the right way if Lian made that decision.”
Klump struggled to maintain his composure.
It was thought that the appearance of Shirone caused a variable in his conversion, but it couldn’t have been more troublesome than this if he was acting as Lian’s lawyer. He’s going to be a very tough lawyer.
“okay. As the lord of Lian, your opinion is also worth considering. But if you thought so, you could give a good reason, right?”
Shirone turned her head to Lian. And when Lian quietly lowered his gaze as if his face was still unsteady, he looked at Klump and continued.
“There is no such thing as a good reason.”
“what?”
“I don’t know which one would be more efficient for Lian. But one thing can be guaranteed.”
Shirone said confidently.
“The Lian I know is not a friend who runs away under any circumstances.”
Ryan clenched his fists. He was more confident than a thousand words.
“It may be a foolish judgment. But never try to avoid it. If so, I think supporting Lian is our duty as a friend.”
Klump burst into laughter as the feeling of collapse tickled his lungs.
It is a beautiful friendship. And it is human nature to want to protect beautiful things.
‘You wicked bastard. You already know what I’m weak against.’
It’s different from dealing with the owner of the house, Bischoff. Certainly, if it came out like this, the man of loyalty, Klump, could not firmly stop it.
But as Shirone already knew, he wasn’t the kind of person who handled things only with emotion.
“I know how you feel. It is also persuasive. But Shirone, that’s just you and Lian’s legitimacy. You don’t know the world yet. At least I’ve been a prosecutor for decades. Do you think it’s just school? you’re welcome. One day, the day will come when today’s dropout will catch Lian’s ankle.”
Kuan raised his hand.
“I have something to tell you about this.”
Everyone’s eyes turned to Kuan.
Shirone saw Kuan for the first time, but he could tell from the aura he gave off that he was not an ordinary person.
“Actually, as a teacher, I did not respond to the general’s call to have an interview. I feel like I should pass this on to you.”
Kuan took out an envelope from his inside pocket.
It was Lian’s resignation letter.
“I respect the general and want to help him, but withdrawing from the resignation is unacceptable. Teaching students who have already given up school goes against my educational philosophy.”
“Grunt.”
For Klump, it was a mountain beyond a mountain.
Kuan’s stubbornness is so stubborn that even the swordsmanship academy recognizes it. Even if his opponent was a general of a certified third-class prosecutor, the same was true.
“Let me ask you a favor. How can I not let it go just this once?”
‘grandfather… … .’
Lian was suffocated to the point of suffocating. I could feel his denial in the general’s appearance of asking a distant junior for his grandson.
But Kuan was really not an easy opponent.
“This is irresponsible as a teacher, but the truth is that Rihanna has no future at school. Of course, there are things to learn in the technical part, but the evaluation items are definitely schema. Currently, there is an opinion that brain enhancement also falls under the category of schema, but even so, it is not a nature to be taught in schools. As you know, education and practice are very different. Also, practice and practice are completely different systems. It’s not a sword fight, but just because the cadets won a wrestling match, you can’t count that as a score.”
Kuan’s words didn’t sound particularly unpleasant. Kuan, as the person who watched Lian closest, was just expressing his candid opinion.
Silence enveloped the room. nobody spoke up
At that time, Lewis, the butler, spoke again from outside the door.
“The eldest elder, the second boy has arrived.”
Ryan’s face hardened.
August Rye. Of course, at this timing, a lifelong enmity comes into the house. He was a person I didn’t want to see in a different way than Shirone.
When Rai came in proudly, Shirone hurriedly stepped aside. He had only seen it once when he worked as a librarian for the Ogent family, but his impression remained vivid in his mind.
A cold face with black hair. The cool atmosphere was still the same, but the energy was so strong that it was felt through the skin that he had grown much more than before.
When Rayna came in, Louis couldn’t even close the door this time.
Approaching behind Rai, she raised her ax eye and shouted.
“hey! What are you so busy that you can’t even poke your nose? Did you know that I came home after a month?”
Even the cold-hearted Lai could not help but frown at his sister’s nagging.
“I was busy. You can’t help it. I’m going to be dispatched soon, so I’m here to pack my things. I’m hungry, so cook me some food.”
Reina frantically glared at the back of Rai’s head, then whispered to Louise to prepare a meal. It’s a little brother who came home after a long time, so shouldn’t we cook and feed him some warm food?
Rai approached Klump and lowered his head in an angle. Now that I am the same soldier, I couldn’t treat him carelessly even at home.
“grandfather.”
“Hmm, you seem to be doing well. oh, hello This is Kuan, the swordsmanship school teacher.”
Rai’s eyes changed.
‘Kuan? Kuan, the magician of death?’
There is a story I heard after passing the official exam and enlisting in the military. Of course, it is an unconfirmed fact, but the name of the only swordsman who came back alive against Fengzhang was definitely Kuan.
Lai turned to Kuan and bowed his head.
“hello. My name is Ogent Rye.”
“Yeah, I heard about it. You have a good temperament, just like I heard.”
Kuan was greeted as politely as possible. His attitude was different from when he was dealing with Lian.
‘That kid. A genius swordsman from the Ogent family.’
I got the official 10th grade last year, but I have already become a 8th grade sergeant. His aura was also cold and sharp, as if he were seeing himself in his youth.
Lai, who had waited with attention so that Kuan could give an adequate evaluation, turned to Klump again and asked.
“By the way, why is the swordsmanship school official here?”
Reina crossed her arms and said.
“Lian dropped out of school. That’s why her grandfather called her to change her mind.”
“Did you drop out of school?”
Rai turned his head to Lian as if to confirm his intentions. Then Rian also opened his eyes and glared at him. He didn’t stand up to Shirone, but he didn’t want to be pushed aside even in a snowball fight with Rai.
But Rai just snorted and said he wasn’t interested.
“What big deal is that? If you want to quit, you can quit.”
Reina clicked her tongue.
“How can you be so careless? Aren’t you worried about your younger brother’s life after becoming an older brother?”
Rai passed Lian and headed for the door.
“He was a bad guy from the beginning. Better to give up now. give me some food quickly I’m hungry.”
Lian, who followed Rai’s head, said.
“Wait a minute.”
And when Rai turned around, he pointed his finger at his forehead.
“You didn’t go to school either, did you?”
“It is different from you. I don’t have to go, and even if you did, it would be in vain.”
A grinding sound came from Ryan’s teeth.
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

