===============================
Chapter - 1151 - 12 o'clock, 12 stations (3) 1.txt
===============================
12 o’clock, 12 stations (3)
The Jincheon Empire sector blocked the corridor with an unprecedented level of alert.
“Your Majesty the Emperor!”
Jin Kang, who was struck by the flesh of the kingdom of Moon, collapsed vomiting blood before going to bed.
“What happened!”
As a result of dozens of lawmakers attaching themselves to the situation, the same findings came out.
“Your spirits have weakened. It’s not a normal Mac. You fell for the trick of the enemy.”
“You say that! Jincheon, the world’s strongest, is just playing tricks! Even if you do… … !”
“done.”
Jin Kang got up from the bed.
“Your Majesty, you need to rest.” Those who get hit in the flesh have a broken metabolism, and if it is serious, they may be possessed by evil energy.
“Aren’t you saying it’s okay?”
Jin Kang also had no blood on his face, but his eyes were intense.
“It’s a killing law… … I’m doing dirty things.”
As Jincheon’s roots are in the kingdom of Moon, there were many parts in the same context about witchcraft.
“How to live, how to live?”
The officials’ faces turned red.
“The Moon Kingdom is coming! The only person who can do such shameless things is Moon Ryong!”
Jin Kang moved calmly and sat down on a chair.
‘Why couldn’t I stop it?’
Although not as much as the Kingdom of Moon, Jincheon was also full of experts in witchcraft.
‘It broke through all the shamanic defenses and hit me. It’s impossible with human power alone.’
It must have been the work of the behind world.
” your majesty.”
Hearing the news, Jincheon Space Agency’s Anchal bowed his head in front of Jingang’s feet.
“Please kill me.”
As the head of the department preparing to intercept the underworld, he could not shirk his responsibility.
Jin Kang did not blame her.
“Report.”
“We have confirmed the abnormal action of demons in certain areas of Hell. It is estimated to be about an hour ago, and it was only 7 minutes ago that the Jincheon Space Agency confirmed it.”
“Hmm.”
Since Jin Seong-eum is connected to Gwangcheon-seong, Jin-cheon can investigate the world behind it.
Of course, it was mathematical data to the end, just like observing planets in other galaxies.
‘Gwangcheonseong alone has technical limitations. Rather, what was captured in 53 minutes should be regarded as great.’
1 hour anyway.
‘I don’t know if it was agreed in advance, but I can’t erase the feeling that it was urgent. Also, in the other world… …
Harvits cannot be ruled out.
‘In other words, the result of Satan’s impulsive tendency. It’s like a cornered mouse biting a cat.’
Jin Kang said.
“The opponent pulled out the sword first, so we should fight back. Anchal, you have to do it.”
“… … yes.”
Although she is the director of the Jincheon Space Agency, she was the strongest secret agent with a magical eye.
the legislator said
“Your Majesty, please rest now. I will find a way to loosen up somehow.”
“no. There is no need for that.”
Jin Kang got up from his seat and took out the emperor’s treasured sword and looked around the audience.
“no o op I exhaled for a long time, but the grievous feeling did not escape, and rather twisted my insides.
“Cool!”
As he stumbled again, coughing up blood, the members of the council jumped up with surprised expressions.
“your majesty!”
Jin Kang pointed the sword at him and blocked his approach.
“Don’t come.”
ghost?
Jin Kang’s face was grotesquely distorted, and the devil’s face shimmered like an afterimage.
“Quack. Kkkkkkkkk.”
“Lungs, Your Majesty… …
“Moonryong, you said you would kill me?”
Tears of blood flowed straight down from his eyes as he clutched at his chest.
‘My daughter is in hell. In eternal pain with no place to escape and no end… …
Father’s heart… … .
“I am a ghost! My heart is hell!”
A shimmering haze around Jin Kang filled the room like thick smoke.
Anchal’s single eye widened.
‘abhorrence.’
It smelled like rotting, and there was a scream of a ghost that seemed to be torn apart.
“I will chew and eat them all! Whether it’s a demon or a god, I’ll chew it up and eat it without leaving a single bone fragment!”
As all the veins stood up on Jin Kang’s face, the officials cried out in tears.
“Your Majesty, fix it! If you injure the jade body, no! please… … !”
Anchal stopped the officials.
“for a moment!”
“What is the chief talking about? If we continue like this, His Majesty is in danger!”
“for a moment… … Wait.”
The ghost’s face was revealed beyond the staggering Jin River in a state of self-control.
‘I’m suffering.’
The strongest flesh with demons from hell added to the grudge of a virgin is howling.
Anchal shouted.
“Your Majesty, win! It makes no sense that the Emperor of Jincheon is haunted!”
“director!”
“Your Majesty’s judgment is correct. If you can’t control your mind, the ghost’s resentment will only grow.”
“So shouldn’t we stop it now?”
“Resentment is an emotion that cannot be endured without resenting someone. Therefore, the ghosts who have not resolved their grievance will find a new target. The first thing to happen… …
Anchal turned to the officials.
“The one who blew the flesh, the shaman. It will depend on the circumstances in which the witchcraft was performed at the time, but it does not end there. A ghost with high medicine will harm everyone who is present at the time, until the resentment is resolved.”
Officials finally realized.
“no way?”
“yes. At the time of espionage, fortunetellers in the Kingdom of Moon called this phenomenon.”
Anchal said.
“Reverse killing.”
around midnight.
Seventeen thousand fairies were stationed at the entrance of a forest called the Green Ocean.
In the depths of the forest, at the end of the sea, untouched by humans, was the home of the elves.
“It’s embarrassing.”
The body of the fairies with colorful wings was 1.5 times larger than other fairies.
Of course, he was much smaller than a human, but Aura was huge like a mountain.
Fairy King Crown.
The sole existence at the top of the 72nd fairy class, and the only male fairy.
‘Jeong with the highest concept.’ Fairies know.
‘As much as the time there was water in the lake, as much as the time the wind blew in the valley, as much as the time the fire boiled in the lava, Crown-nim was at the highest place.’ Now that even Ikael had abandoned Heaven, it was only natural that he would try to become king himself.
A senior official from the 72nd rank reported.
“Crown, the search team has arrived.”
Fairies wearing cute camouflage clothes and wild makeup flew to Crown.
“I found the elven fortress. We are building a defensive posture, but we can guide you right now.”
Crown rested his chin.
“Hmm.”
Although he was as beautiful as a boy, the attitude of having spent many years was ingrained in his body.
‘Chasing and chasing, I finally drove it all the way here. But the elves in the forest are on a different level.’
It was also the largest forest in the world, so it was an impregnable castle from the Fairy’s point of view.
‘The ability of the fire family, the creation of the small world is also tricky. We also have to prepare for annihilation and stick together.’
Then a roar erupted from the sky.
“Is it a surprise?”
The moment all the fairies looked up at the sky, a flash of light landed in front of their eyes.
“uh… …
A gigantic archangel that overwhelms fairies,
Yuriel stood with her arms crossed.
“Crown.”
There is no angel with as much authority as Ikael, but with Uriel, the story was different.
“O Archangel of Destruction.”
In order not to be destroyed, the crown immediately landed on the floor and lowered its head.
The best emotion has become unpleasant.
‘A proud archangel came to visit us. Ikael has already abandoned Heaven.’
Uriel’s words shattered Crown’s doubts.
“I need your help.”
“yes?”
A request rather than an order has never happened in the history of heaven.
‘What’s going on?’
While receiving suspicious glances from 17,000 fairies, Uriel waited for an answer.
the darkest night.
In the ‘Village of Heaven’, the truth that the Vatican wanted to hide so much, Shirone and the others waited.
“Mika.”
-Melkidoo does not exist.
There must have been a reason why the Catacombs, headed by Giyorgi, kidnapped Seina.
“Lamicyo is the largest religion in the world. And Satanism is growing in power under the great shadow. What if the shade disappears in that situation? Satanism will die.”
It was Eruki’s opinion.
It was clear that there was some truth to it, but Shirone couldn’t get rid of the uneasy feeling.
‘Is that really all?’
It must be because Gyorgi is his demon.
“Mika.”
-Melkidoo does not exist.
Shirone summoned Mika every 30 minutes to check if Melkidu materialized.
‘Mika only extracts information about specific keywords. She can’t detect it automatically.’
When Shirone didn’t call, Mika was just a nameless portrait.
Around dawn, Shirone opened her mouth.
“Mika.”
-Melkidoo materialized.
Rookie, Nade, and Eden sensed that Shirone jumped up.
“I found it?”
Shirone asked Mika.
‘Where is it?’
– Here it is.
‘What are you talking about?’
No matter how much Shirone looked around, the Heavenly Village did not show any particular change.
-Melkidoo is detected as existing everywhere in current time, phase space.
‘So you’re saying that someone went in?’
-From the time location detection was possible to the present, a total of 4 people entered the world.
Shirone sensed it.
‘Something they have and I don’t.’
sound.
‘Mika, can you copy and deliver the psychological state of the person who entered Melkidu?’
if the hypothesis is correct.
– Value judgments about psychological states are impossible. It is possible to copy brain waves.
‘that’s enough.’
As soon as the words were finished, someone’s brain waves were overlaid on Shirone’s brain.
“Big.”
Of course, just because the brain waves are identical does not mean that the events he experienced are reconstructed.
What Shirone could feel was a murky desire and even greater anxiety.
“Shirone, over there… …
Nade pointed to a dark space in front of him, emitting gray smoke.
“okay. Maybe that’s Melkidoo. You felt my yin qi and showed up.”
Eden asked.
“How did you do it?”
“Murder. I killed someone a while ago.” It was such a brain wave.
The friends did not readily understand, but Shirone moved instead of explaining.
“Let’s go in. You’ll find out when you go.
Shirone and the others pushed themselves into the black space that seemed to be sucking them in.
After passing the boundary, I saw a human silhouette running in the thick haze.
‘Criminals all over the world.’
Every time I acted, the sound of my heart was resonating in my head.
– Someone help me! I don’t want to go to jail!
– This is a mistake! I didn’t mean to kill you! I’m just, I’m just mad. I’m so angry… … .
-Never get caught. will kill more More women, more pleasure…
After walking for about 5 minutes, frowning, the gray smoke finally disappeared. It was in a dense forest.
“A fleeting impulse.”
A woman’s voice was heard.
“Or have you been unable to endure years of longing and have done something irreversible?”
Back to back, Shirone and the others looked around.
“where are you? come out!”
“No, it’s not like that.”
Based on Andre’s experience in the labyrinth, Shirone guessed what Melkidu was.
“I don’t know how long it has been, but at first it was just a space to suck in negative vibes. Then, one by one, criminals began to gather here.”
“You mean the system they created?”
“okay. It has become the safest place to hide for those who need to be judged by society.”
“Those who have crossed the forbidden line.” said the woman.
“Welcome to the starting point of Melkidoo.”

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 1152 - 12 o'clock, 12 stations (4).txt
===============================
12 o’clock, 12 stations (4)
“This is the starting point… …
Shirone murmured while Eruki and Nade looked around the forest without relaxing.
“Mika.”
Also, no response came.
“Is it only the entrance that materializes in reality? Then it means that you have already departed from the topological space… …
Eden said.
“I can’t see the people I saw in the smoke. It seems that each has a different starting point.”
a woman’s voice asked.
-Are you accomplices?
“Accomplice?”
-Crime dice will not activate if you do not choose between single and accomplice.
Nade put a pod on his head and asked.
“How about what you recommend? therefore… … Aren’t there pros and cons to each?”
– Being single has many advantages. After all, no one wants to entrust their life to someone else.
Silence ensued.
“You’re going to do something dangerous anyway.”
Having said that, Eruki stepped out.
“But if going alone is an advantage, wouldn’t everyone choose it? What are the advantages of being an accomplice?”
-There is nothing. However, if you choose an accomplice, the mission to kill each other will not be triggered.
There seemed to be no choice.
“I’ll make you an accomplice.”
As soon as Shirone made her decision, two dice were born in front of the party’s eyes.
It was a hexahedron with numbers 1 through 6 written on it.
-Crime Dice decide your fate. Judgment begins the moment the Crime Dice land. Accomplices cannot roll dice consecutively. However, on a double, one more chance is given.
Nade snatched the dice.
-Let the right hand not know the murder committed by the left hand. May you find rest in Melkidu.
Nade shouted as he put an end to it openly.
“hey! You have to tell me what it is! hey!”
Eruki said.
“It’s no use. It’s just a system message. I have the ability to think to the extent that I can have a conversation, but I don’t seem to be able to predict the other person’s reaction or grasp their state of mind.”
Eden asked.
“What are you going to do? Crime Dice, you said it decides our fate.”
Nade shook the dice in his hand.
“Can’t you just do it? It’s not that anyone is after us, but we have to save Seina-san.”
Eruki said.
“I said one person couldn’t roll consecutively. Then who will go first?” Nade held out the dice.
“Now, roll it, Shirone.”
“… … why me?”
“I said that no one wants to entrust their life to someone else. But I want to give my life to you.”
Eden raised his hand.
“sympathy.”
After receiving the Crimson Dice, Shirone turned her head.
“I said that the judgment starts the moment you touch the land. But what exactly is the definition of Rand?”
Eruki said.
“Isn’t it referring to the topography in its natural state? It must mean that artificial terrain, such as a special board that can manipulate the numbers of dice, or mud with strong friction is not allowed.”
It made sense.
“Hmm. Right. okay. I’ll try.” When the dice were thrown, the six sides fell to the ground
The body bounced plumply on numerous grounds.
“It stopped.”
As the party watched with nervous expressions, the dice glowed and the numbers floated.
A + sign appeared between the numbers 2 and 4, which combined into the number 6.
said Nade.
“Six… … . Now, how eh eh eh eh… …
The end of the voice stretched out like noise, and the surrounding scenery changed at a tremendous speed.
“… … Is it going to be eh?”
When the voice returned to normal, it was inside the entrance of the village.
It was about 100 households, and people were walking between the buildings.
– This is Dorian Village.
A woman’s voice was heard.
-C-class mission. Kill 3 villagers. If you succeed in a mission, crime points are awarded.
“what?”
– Collect crime points to strengthen your dice. Points can also be used to steal items from stores.
“Hmm. Right.”
Nade muttered and shrugged.
“I don’t even know what you’re talking about. What the hell is a crime point? Is it like money?”
-Crime Points support your desires. Your current point is 100P.
Shirone said.
“This is just like the system in the world. They tell me the time of purification there too.”
Eruki nodded.
“Well, this place is related to Satan. But what does it mean to support desire?”
No answer was heard.
“This is what I think.”
Eden raised his index finger.
“In reality, criminals always have to run away. When the desire not to get caught gets too desperate, Melki Doo appears before them at a certain time.”
“Add to that… …
Eruki, who had walked to the entrance, reached out his hand, and a transparent curtain appeared to prevent him from escaping.
“The inside is an isolated space. Melkidoo
It could be that all places in the world are made up of blocks.”
“dice!”
Nade clicked with his hand.
“It was jumping over squares according to the number on the dice. Each square has a village.”
Eruki nodded.
“In other words, the killer’s haven. If the criminals came in after being chased, of course the police would come in too. But if you don’t match the numbers on the dice, you can never catch the criminal.”
Eden said.
“All that remains now is the point. It’s also a question of strengthening the dice. It must have something to do with survival.” said Nade.
“I told you to kill three villagers. So, are the villagers human? Or is it an illusion created by the system?”
Remembering Sing, Shirone said.
“Anyway, I just moved forward six spaces. I don’t know how big the Melkidoo is, but I think it’s a cho mouth. Meet people and gather information. The decision is next.”
Upon entering the village, six store buildings on the left and right filled the block.
“There is a bar. Shall we go in?”
Then a man came out of the arms shop with a 20 cm long knife. While the party instinctively stopped walking, he turned the knife over and inspected the blade.
“Hmm??????
Then he yawned profusely, and before he could close his mouth, he approached the passer-by.
“Huh!”
Unknowingly, the eyes of the passerby who was hit by the knife widened, and the man repeatedly stabbed him in the abdomen.
“Aww! Save, save people!”
He fell to the floor gushing blood and shouted, but no one paid any attention.
“Live, live… …
A person died in just 10 seconds, and the man stood up after wiping the blood off the corpse.
“Early missions don’t pay off.” Eruki said while Shirone and the others looked on with bewildered expressions.
“weird. Why are you not interested? Could you be the victim yourself?”
Even when they saw the corpse lying on the floor, passers-by just walked down the street calmly.
After polishing the knife, the man put the candles in a basket and walked to the woman selling them.
“hello. Buy candles… …
A 20-centimeter blade penetrated the woman’s neck all the way and then came out again.
Even in the midst of the blood fountain, the man added a few more blades and ended his life completely.
“There is only one left.”
The man who turned around like that made eye contact with Shirone and the others watching over him.
Their interest in murder showed that they were players.
“Sheesh.”
The man passed by Shirone with no sign of fear, but with a somewhat awkward expression.
“Wait a minute.”
Nade spoke into the man’s back.
“what?”
“Did you complete the mission?”
“however?”
After examining the expressions of his friends, Nade asked a question with an expression of agreement.
“Why don’t people care about you? Those who were murdered must have felt fear.”
The man, who blinked for a moment, shook his shoulders as if he realized something.
“Hehe. Hehehe.”
Shirone and the others waited.
“You guys are new players. A rookie who hasn’t cycled yet.”
‘cycle.’
Orbital way?
“Yeah, what. I’m curious anyway Can you tell me why passers-by ignore the murders?”
The reason why I asked even at the risk of being exposed was because it was the most efficient.
‘It’s the fastest way to ask a person. Besides, what, could anything happen?’
Isn’t there a Shirone?
“Nope?”
said the man.
“You know what to do. These are things that have lost their cowardice. I know you’re lucky. If the points you guys had hadn’t been miserably written down, it would have been eaten by me.”
“What does that mean?”
I asked, but the man turned around as if he was annoyed.
“go away. Pray that you won’t see me next time. It will be quite miserable then.”
Nade, who had been watching the man absentmindedly, said with a smile.
“I can’t. If so… … I have no choice but to listen with power.
“The Lightning of Truth and Lies.”
It was the skill of the god of thunder that made the believers unable to move in the village of heaven.
-Insufficient crime points required to commit crimes. The current crime point is 100P.
“huh?”
When the incarnation technique did not activate, the party finally realized the seriousness and checked their magic.
I heard the same woman’s voice.
“Magic is impossible. No, according to the system voice, it looks like it needs points.”
said the man.
“Jerk the.”
Without looking back, I raised my hand and raised my middle finger, and Nade jumped out.
“That kid is really… … !”
Even though they couldn’t use magic, they were the ones who fought on the front lines of the world war.
‘A passerby or a petty criminal who stings.’
As I was about to slap the man on the back of the head with that thought, someone shouted next to me.
“stop!”
Nade turned his head to see a man with deep wrinkles standing there, as if he was suffering from a septum.
“What are you?” Even facing the cold eyes of the god of thunder, the man did not avert his gaze.
“I mean, don’t do anything you’ll regret. Because if you attack that guy, you guys will suffer.”
The word ‘you guys’ awakened Nade’s spirit.
The killer clicked his tongue.
“Sheesh.”
Then he glanced at the middle-aged man and ran away faster than before.
Shirone asked without letting go of her guard.
“What if my friend attacked the man?”
“Points are not deducted. Are you guys accomplices? If this is your first time in town, there will be 100P.”
A middle-aged man pointed at the killer.
“How many points does that guy have? I don’t know. But even if you only have 200P, you guys are doomed. If the crime attack judgment goes in, the points on one side will be deducted until it reaches 0.”
“In other words, we have 0. Over there, 100P is left.”
“okay. And for 100P, it’s a crime point that can stab you with 20 knives.” Nade’s complexion turned pale. “Don’t be too nervous. Even if it’s 0 points, it doesn’t mean that there are restrictions on normal actions. Are you wizards? In reality, this friend would have easily defeated him, but this is Melkidoo. Points are everything.”
The man pointed to the bar behind his back.
“how is it? i think i can help I’ll have to get you a beer or something.”
Shirone said.
“It doesn’t matter. Because we need information too. but… … Doesn’t being in Melkidoo mean you’re a criminal too?”
Can you really trust this man?
“You’re suspicious, of course, but I’m a detective. We are pursuing the Edrina case.”
Shirone’s eyes widened.
“The Edrina case?”
It was an American case in which four women of the same age went missing, which once made a stir in the Iron Kingdom.

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 1153 - Unsolved Case⑴.txt
===============================
Unsolved case⑴
Melkidu, Dorian Village.
After entering the bar, Shirone and the others ordered a light meal and beer from the staff.
The name of the man who identified himself as a detective was Curtis.
He said that it had already been two years since he came from the Kingdom of Iron and entered Melkidu.
Food came out 10 minutes later.
“How do I pay?”
When Shirone asked, Curtis, who gulped down his beer, wiped his chin and said,
“Big. no need to pay Money doesn’t exist here. A killer’s haven.”
“then?”
“I’m just going out. As long as there are crime points, criminal activity is not recognized by people. If it’s a crime that bounces after drinking a glass of beer, 2P is consumed.”
” aha?”???
I roughly understood.
“It’s 5P to stab someone with a knife, so it’s quite expensive. Of course, the more you cycle, the more crime points you accumulate, so there will be no pressure later.”
Eruki asked.
“A cycle means that Melkidu is composed of an orbital shape?”
“yes. 2 tracks to be exact. It is divided into an outer track and an inner track. There are 468 blocks on the outer track, mostly missions. However, when you reach a certain block, you can enter the inner track.”
“What is the inner track like?”
“It is made up of 197 blocks, and you can strengthen Crime Dice or buy special items from the shop. The special feature is that the inner track can only turn once. It’s a structure where you unconditionally come out on the outer track when you complete the block. However, there is an exception here too, and it is when you enter Melkidu.” Eden asked.
“Isn’t this Melkidoo?”
“Of course, but the only place with a symbolism worthy of Melkidu is the core. The goal is for all players to collect points on the outer track, enter the inner track, and reach the core while doing one cycle there. If we don’t get to the core, we’ll get back out on the track and continue this mad killing spree.”
“Why are the murderers trying to get to the core? Is it to avoid tracking?”
“… … It’s not on that level.” Curtis grabbed his beer glass, thought for a moment, and then emptied the rest of his drink.
“I can’t tell you exactly because I’ve never been there myself. But I’ve heard rumors. It’s also because of that rumor that I’ve been on the track for two years.”
His eyes darkened.
“Twenty-seven years old, my daughter Edrina. I loved to travel. That day, too, I was excited about going to the beach with her friends. Remember she was no different than usual. Packing up, putting on makeup, kissing my wife and mine on the cheeks.”
‘It must have been a daughter.’
“I decided to go with my friends. everyone was friendly Nia, Belita, and Daisy. We were supposed to meet at Thief Square and leave, but “he’s gone.”
I read it on the overseas side of a newspaper when I was in Tormia’s magic school.
“okay. It was broad daylight. Nia and Belita lived downtown, Daisy lived uptown. Eyewitnesses said they saw my daughter in Seef Square. He looked very nervous, and according to another person’s testimony, he was reading something on the bulletin board in the plaza. But that’s where the information ends. Since then, my daughter has never been out in the world.”
“Could it be the work of an innocent criminal… …
“What do you think my job is? I’ve done all I can to investigate. but it’s no use What’s even more surprising is that my friends went missing at about the same time. Even in the same city, the square is two kilometers away.”
Curtis asked for a cigarette.
“I’ve been looking for it for three years. Back alleys of the underworld, human trafficking, sorcery, witchcraft and more. Then I heard rumors about Melkidoo and came all the way here.”
“You mean you can find your daughter’s whereabouts in Melkidoo?”
“Yes.”
He blew out a puff of cigarette smoke.
“Melkidoo’s core is where all the crimes that happened in the world are recorded. It is the headquarters of permanent US cases. As long as I can clear this killing game.”
“What is that… …
“Why is it a haven for murderers? If you clear this game, what you committed in real life will become a perfect crime. In other words, it becomes a permanent unsolved case.”
It didn’t sound logical.
“How does that happen? I don’t know if it’s an actual unsolved case, but there are eyewitnesses and evidence… … ah.”
A thought crossed my mind.
“Crime Point.”
Crimes committed using crime points in Melkidoo are not recognized.
“okay. I think what kind of system is this? It seems that the act of accumulating points while running around the track acts as a special force that can affect reality. Upon reaching the core, the killer can tamper with his records and step out into reality. In other words, you can commit new crimes in a safe state.”
Eruki said.
“It feels like Havitz’s vanishing. The properties of the hidden code will be similar. It seems to be a system that can apply the Crime Points collected here to reality, just like taking objects from Dreamo to reality.”
Curtis quit smoking.
“I will find my daughter no matter what. I’ll collect crime points and get into the core. It’s not easy. There are two ways to get in. Accumulate a lot of crime points, or get a lot of luck. They say you can enter the core regardless of crime points if you perform a special mission on the inner track. Of course, information is rarely shared, so it seems to be dismissed as false rumors now.”
‘The Devil’s Bible.’
It seemed that Giyorgi had nothing to do with his ability to escape the members of the Catacombs.
While I was deep in my thoughts sorting out the information I had heard from Curtis, the bar door opened.
“Buy some candles. Buy some candles.”
“uh?”
Nade opened his eyes wide.
“Who is that woman?”
He had been stabbed to death by a killer on the street just 30 minutes earlier.
Curtis turned around.
“Most of the players who played in Melkidoo are resurrected. Of course, there are event-based non-players who don’t respawn. Depending on the mission, the resurrection time is different.”
“Hmm.”
When they thought that they were not human, the hearts of Shirone and the others became much lighter.
“It is true that it is embarrassing. Even if it’s fake, the taste and reaction are the same as real people. At first, I cleared the mission by catching only the villains. This place is really the same as real society. But this method is less efficient. At some point, I became numb, just like other murderers.”
Perhaps that is the meaning of Melkidu’s existence.
“There are many other ways. You can set buildings on fire, or you can grind them down in the city with a multi-shot crossbow. But those crimes cost a lot of crime points. Didn’t the killer stab a passer-by with a knife he bought at a weapons store earlier? Because Dorian’s C-class missions don’t have great rewards. No matter how well you roll the dice, it’s hard to get more than 200P. That’s why I killed him in a way to save crime points.” Shirone understood.
“The reason you didn’t fight us was to save your points.”
“that’s right. When a crime attack occurs between players, the rule that automatically deducts points until one side reaches 0 is to prevent disputes between murderers. Who’s gonna play this game if we kill each other outright? There are people who just endure and fight. It is to steal the item.”
Nade asked.
“What if the points go to zero?”
“The whole world will know about the crimes committed so far. The guards will chase you. Imprisoned, paying a certain price and restarting from the starting point. To be clear, don’t go to such a stupid situation. you guys can’t do anything If you don’t have crime points, you can’t attack the guards.” Eden asked.
“How many crime points do you need for magic?”
“That is a very difficult question. I heard from 1.000P to 100,000 Oh. The reason I don’t know the details is because no one tells me my points. definitely remember Points are everything. There is no such thing as combat effectiveness between players. At the moment of collision, your points are deducted as much as the opponent’s points.”
A single mistake will result in the loss of all the points you have accumulated so far.
“So when you attack someone, you should only do it when you are 100 percent sure. Also, I’m not going to kill anyone just because I’m sure. If the opponent has an expensive item, if you have to kill the player with a special mission, or if you kill by personal desire regardless of points.”
Curtis rummaged through his pockets and slipped his Crime Dice between his fingers.
There were three in total, one octahedral and two hexahedral.
“If you go into the inner track in the beginning, I recommend strengthening your dice rather than buying items. Of course, items are essential in Melkidu, but they are not very effective in the beginning. Rather, it is just a prey for the point conglomerates.”
“okay.”
“It is also a game of time. Because if you don’t collect points as soon as possible, you will be eaten. Now I’m going to move to another block. If you have any questions, ask now.”
Shirone asked.
“Why did you help us? According to Mr. Curtis, isn’t this a waste of time? I am not an accomplice.”
“It’s not like that. But what I realized after running the track for two years is that I need a social network unexpectedly. As you know, the player’s move is determined by the dice. But that’s why we need to make more connections.”
I don’t know when or where we’ll meet.
“The fact that I have Crime Dice means that I have already cleared the Dorian Village mission. When you reach the starting point of Melkidoo, that is, the village from number 2 to number 12, where the first player jumps for the first time, they usually stay for one to two days. It’s good to be a veteran, but it’s hard to understand what’s inside.”
Shirone and the others understood.
“That means there is room for cooperation if we meet later on the same block.”
“I am not choosing anyone. you,
Aren’t they the ones who’ve been through all the maternity battles? You can tell by looking at the posture or the look in the eyes when encountering an enemy. A detective’s eye cannot be fooled. Let’s exchange information or items, or carry out cooperative missions. You’ll get more crime points.”
“yes. We will also collect the necessary information. I hope you find your daughter’s whereabouts.”
I liked the fact that he wasn’t a murderer.
“okay. May the dice god be with you. It’s a common greeting in Melkidu.”
Curtis took out a card with his left hand. “Fungshin. activate.”
The card glowed and evaporated, and three dice rolled across the bar floor.
The numbers 3, 2, 6 came to mind, and two Xs were added between them.
‘It’s multiplication. Did I use an item?’
As the three numbers add up to become 36, Curtis looked back at the group.
“Oh, one more tip. Get into the habit of always closing the door at Melkidu.”
As soon as he finished speaking, his body shone brightly and then disappeared like an explosion.
Eruki, who was staring at the empty beer glass, said.
“36 squares. Even though the god of dice turned away, he still goes far. So now Curtis is staying at block 42.”
Shirone stood up from her seat.
“It’s too much to chase with the dice we have. Well, it should be fine if we attack from the beginning.”
A system voice was heard.
– The bar owner is watching you.
“huh?”
When I turned my head to the counter, the owner was looking at the party with soft eyes.
‘Come to think of it… …
Victims of the killer were aware of the crime, unlike other non-players.
“Should I?”
Nade asked.
“It can’t be helped.”
one two…….
“Bounce!”
As the four of them ran to the exit at the same time, the owner raised his ax eye and chased after them.
“at there! You thieves!”
“Aaaaaaa!”
Remembering Curtis’ words, Shirone slammed the door as she went outside.
“ha. ha.” I looked around the door nervously, but the owner did not come out.
“what? Are you quiet?”
After exchanging glances with her friends, Shirone walks back and opens the door… … .
“welcome. This is the Dorian Tavern.” As usual, the owner was welcoming them at the counter with a smile.
Eruki murmured.
“It’s the perfect crime.”

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 1154 - Unsolved Case⑵.txt
===============================
Unsolved Case⑵
Realizing the effect of the crime point, Shirone and the others asked the sky.
“What is the point now?”
-Currently, your crime points are 91P.
said Nade.
“What we ate was 9P. Knowing this will help, but you’ll need to collect crime points. If the eating problem is not solved, nothing can be done.”
Eden said.
“First, let’s look at the village. If it’s a way to go around orbit, it might come back. Let’s do everything we can figure out before clearing the mission.”
Shirone, who wandered the streets and looked around the town, could not make eye contact with passers-by.
‘I have to kill, and that’s 3 people.’
Dorian was a small town and I was able to gather all the information in just 30 minutes.
Arriving at the entrance of the village again, the group sat under a tree and exchanged opinions.
Eden opened his mouth.
“It looks like a real person.”
Eruki said.
“But not a real person. No, I think I’m missing the point, but the important thing is that they resurrect.”
Nade agreed.
“okay. Do we need to hesitate when the consequences of our actions are reset? If you don’t solve the mission, the points will continue to drop. You will go to jail.”
Eruki looked back at Shirone.
“You decide, because we are helping you anyway. Whatever decision you make, I will follow.”
“Melkidoo is probably a world where hidden codes apply. You could call it a kind of simulation.”
The group listened.
“High gear was similar. Even at that time, it was a situation where players were killing each other.”
Shirone shrugged.
“But this time it feels different. You keep killing defenseless civilians.”
Eruki said.
“Because it’s a killer’s rule. It is definitely a system created with malicious intent.”
Nade came out.
“is it? I’m interested. So it’s not like I like killing people in real life or anything like that, but I used to play war games when I was young, right? If you cut it with a wooden stick, you might fall over. Actually, it’s a bit real here. But what does it matter? We also fought a world war.”
They were the ones who had experienced the brutal situation to the point of getting tired of it.
“Come on, let’s just do it. I don’t have time for this. Or now I’ll go grab someone and kill them… …
In the side of the alley Nade pointed to, two girls were giggling.
Nade, who had been watching for a while, quietly lowered his hand and brought his legs together.
Eruki, who looked at me pathetically, said
“If you don’t like killing civilians, how about catching villains? It’s a place for murderers, but murderers don’t necessarily seek pleasure. There must be timid cowards, mercenaries, and blind madmen who hate the wicked. If their eyes were added to this world, wouldn’t there be a way to play for us?”
“Oh, yes!”
Nade suddenly raised his head.
“Miss Curtis did too. He said he initially racked up points by catching the villains. They said it was less efficient, but now I’m not in a position to say anything about it.”
Shirone seemed embarrassed.
“If a villain harms a person, I will fight to the death. But isn’t it a bit strange to go looking for villains to kill someone?”
Nade asked.
“Hey, if you think about that, how do you clear the mission?”
Eden said.
“I agree with Shirone. We need to distinguish between the intention and the result of an act. What Shirone wants to say is that you shouldn’t take this for granted. yes?”
“huh. I know it’s best to kill the villain. However, the moment we rationalize, we too become stained by Melkidu’s system. Then it won’t matter who you kill.”
Like Curtis did.
“What about Seina-san? I need to get it soon. Seina-san is a real human being.”
Shirone confessed her feelings.
“actually… … Liberation is still possible.”
Eruki asked.
“Like Andre’s Labyrinth?”
“huh. By completely opening Immortal Functions, we will reverse the laws of this world. Those who have reached the level of granularity can return to reality. It’s not even a criminal act. Then Melkidoo will be absorbed into the real world.”
Eden asked.
“Why can’t I?”
“To come back with Immortal Function unlocked, you have to hold this world in your heart. The system for the murderer, the demons in Mel Kidu, and… …
Shirone’s eyes lit up.
“Gyordo.”
It meant that he had to accept again the demon of Yahweh, which he had cut off for mankind.
“No one knows giyorgi as well as I do. Perhaps this is the key strategy for Assassination of Yahweh. planting hemp on me Seina-san will be fine. Because she has no reason for me to liberate this world without her.”
Eruki stood up.
“good. Now that the decision has been made, shall we begin? Let’s ask the villagers who the best villain is.”
1 hour later.
“Nonsense! Did you really?”
“That’s right! That’s why I shouted! hey! You pooped in your pants!”
“Knock! It’s so funny!”
The other three watched from a distance as Nade chatted with the girls.
“I’m really going to turn around.”
I had a conversation with more than 20 people, but they were all kind people, let alone villains.
“So I caught the thief… … Shirone shouted.
“hey! Nade!”
Nade, who came to his senses, waved at the girls and ran to his friends.
he grabbed his head.
“It’s a big deal. I have no desire to kill. Isn’t this a very nice town to live in?”
Eruki said
“It is a small community. In a place like this, even the smallest incidents are hard to happen.
The culprit is immediately identified.”
Shirone rested her chin.
“Even so, Mr. Curtis wouldn’t have said anything to break trust in the first place. He said it was inefficient, he didn’t say it was impossible. Could it be that the reason I didn’t tell you more is because there are so many inefficient patterns?”
“Maybe. Anyway, close to 200 people are moving individually. Any variable could happen. The problem is, you don’t know when.”
Eden said.
“I have to wait and see. Let’s change the order and get the weapon first. You can’t do it with your bare hands, can you?”
Even the villain didn’t want to strangle him.
“Material.”
Eruki looked back at Shirone.
“How about making it with that ability? I think we can save points. A knife is also possible?”
“Of course it is possible, but… …
Shirone tried to activate the material.
-Insufficient crime points required to commit crimes. The current crime point is 91P.
“There are not enough points. I guess making a crime tool is also a crime.”
“… … I’m annoyed, but I admit it. After all, can I buy it, or can I have no choice but to steal it?”
Nade came out.
“I’ll do it. wait here.”
Crossing the street looking left and right, he entered the weapon shop across the street.
“You should bring something that is easy to kill.”
After a while, the door opened and Nade came out holding the same knife as the killer’s.
Shouts broke out in the store.
“You bastard! You dare steal my things? It’s a thief! thief… … !” Nade didn’t look back and pushed hard under the door with the sole of his foot to shut it.
bang!
As his friends watched, Nade crossed the street again and threw a knife.
“Did you see the skill of a long sword?”
Eruki snatched the handle of the spinning sword and examined the blade.
“Is it the best?”
“The only short one is this. There were some things that glowed strangely, but they said they lacked points.”
“So how much? What is the point now?” -Currently, your crime points are 76P.
“15P. It’s cheap too. If you played normally, you could stab 15 times and kill 3 people. It’s a moderate level of difficulty under the title of a murderer.”
Equipped with criminal tools, they entered the alley and waited for a variable to occur.
“This makes me feel like a real criminal.” It wasn’t the mood for a joke, and Shirone bit her lip nervously.
‘There are plenty of possibilities. But it’s really inefficient. If there is no change within a day, I will have to reconsider this strategy.’ An hour later, the bell at the entrance shook as the sun calmly set.
“attack! It’s an attack!”
When Shirone and the others burst out of the alley, three thieves were holding knives.
‘This is it.’
The leader of the thieves shouted.
“Today this village is ours! Bring 3 girls and the most expensive drink! Then no one will die.”
A system voice was heard.
– Bandits have joined the village.
“Those bad boys… …
While the residents were pale, Shirone and the others were full of memories.
“Now, let’s go.”
Just as I was about to step out, I heard a voice behind me.
“Wait a minute. We are first.”
Shirone and the others turned around.
He was holding the same knife as the one Nade stole, and there were a total of three people.
‘player. Are they also accomplices?’
Judging by the fact that they did not get caught when investigating the village, they were trained in their own way.
The tall man turned to Shirone.
“You guys are players too, right? But we’ve been waiting for three days already. Even if you’re a non-player, you can’t kill innocent civilians.”
I got it.
“Of course I know you guys felt the same way. I’m so sorry. We’re after the heinous criminal. The madman who murdered 7 women. Can I give in?”
There were three thieves, so only one team was able to clear the mission.
The man lowered his sleeve, revealing a tattoo of a falcon in a circle.
‘Hawk Eye.’
He was a civilian investigator operating in the kingdom of Stang.
“You know. Yes, we are an unofficial police force that takes care of matters that the kingdom cannot solve. Coincidentally, the guy I’m chasing right now is a noble with strong prestige.”
He put his hand on Shirone’s shoulder.
“Honestly, I didn’t know you guys would find a hidden event so quickly. Information about bandits can only be found at the village chief’s house late at night. It took us two full days to find out.”
Meeting Curtis was certainly fortunate, but it was something else that moved Shirone’s heart.
‘If I had waited three days.’ Even knowing the system of this world, he did not choose easy killing and endured.
“yes. We will yield.”
As Shirone stepped back weakly, Nade comforted him with a pat on the back.
“It can’t be helped.”
O ah
……flaw.
As if to express their gratitude, the three investigators bowed their heads to Shirone and the others and moved forward.
“Each person takes on one.”
“It’s good.”
All of them were carrying daggers, and after a brief snowball fight they sprinted off the ground.
“die! Thieves!” At the same time as the investigator rushed in, the bandits bent their upper bodies and grabbed their long swords.
“Quack!”
Six people collided almost at the same time, and immediately three investigators were hit by knives and fell to the ground.
“Aaaaaaa!”
The eyes of the watching party widened.
“You’re so strong!”
Shirone was also surprised.
‘Certainly strong. But even the investigators aren’t fighting properly. Because of the crime points… …
The leader of the thieves shouted.
“Puhahaha! I’m blowing on things that don’t matter!”
“Keugh!”
The police officer who had cut his side backed away, and the leader raised his longsword high.
“Where was your heart?”
“Sheesh! Give it to me!”
Nade grabbed Eruki’s dagger and jumped into the battlefield without even stopping.

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 1155 - Unsolved Case (3).txt
===============================
Unsolved case (3)
“Nade!”
Before his friends had time to stop, Nade took the thief’s longsword and threw it aside.
“Keugh! quite!”
Although he could not use his special abilities, his senses and experience in combat were by far the best.
As the dagger stabbed into his side and twisted, the enemy groaned with a surprised expression.
“Huh uh uh uh!”
‘Look how dirty your hands are. It’s so real.’
Quickly taking another blow to the stomach, he raised the dagger and pierced the thief’s neck.
“Grrrrr…”
Bertinade stepped back until he felt the full weight of the enemy on the handle.
The thief fell like a broken old tree.
“What is the point?”
-Currently, your crime points are 58 points.
’18 points for catching one person. Are you saying that defense is also part of the crime? It’s really inefficient.’
If he had performed a mission targeting civilians, he was confident that he would finish it with 5 points.
“You cheeky bastards!”
When I turned my head at the thief’s cry, Eruki and Eden were running around avoiding the longsword.
“It’s quite a matter of running away!”
Eruki, dodging the longsword as if falling down, swept the ground and completely twisted her upper body.
As he swung his right arm like a whip, the dirt hit the thief in the face.
“Aww! my eyes!”
At the same time, Eden did a run-up and hit the man between the legs with all his might.
“??????turn off!”
I couldn’t even scream.
As the thief fell down with his eyes rolled up, Nade cut the back of his neck.
“What is the point?”
-Currently, your crime points are 17 points.
“what?”
I don’t know who used how many points, but it was much more wasted than catching them with a knife.
Nade looked back at Eden.
“you… …
“sorry.”
She stuck out her tongue and shrugged when she heard Shirone’s voice.
“Nade!”
Shirone was rolling on the floor, strangling the thief from behind.
“Turn it off! away!”
The thief grabbed the longsword that had fallen to the ground and pointed it at Shirone’s face.
“Shirone!”
The moment Nade threw the dagger in his hand, his fingers bent and grabbed the handle.
-Insufficient crime points required to commit crimes. Current crime points are 14 points.
‘damn!’
Rain seemed to have more points.
“die!”
The moment the thief with his arms raised above his head was about to lower his long sword, Shirone cheered up.
“Yaaaa!”
Let’s twist the thief’s neck with all our might! He turned his head with an eerie sound.
The thief’s arm fell helplessly, and everyone was at a loss for words at the gruesome sight.
“ha. ha.”
Shirone let out a heavy breath and pushed the thief’s body aside and stood up.
“Shirone, are you okay?”
His basic physical strength is much better than that of ordinary people, but his back muscles were still throbbing.
“huh. Take a break and you will be fine.”
The civilian investigation team watched them blankly as they subdued the thieves with only one sword.
‘What are those guys? Everyone looks young.’
It was even more absurd to know that the points given to rookies were only 100 points.
“you… …
The moment we spoke, time stopped.
– Mission end. A reward event begins.
Nade, who was watching the frozen ones, waved his hand, but nothing caught.
“Is this also a hidden code?”
said Eruki.
“I guess so. It must be a system that makes it impossible for us to know in any way how many points we received as rewards. not fair Points are everything.”
– Perks! Cleared Honorable Evil. Doubles the amount of crime points earned.
As soon as the words were finished, two crime dice fell in front of the party’s feet.
Nade said while no one was picking it up.
“It’s a special. It must be because I cleared the hidden event. Wouldn’t it be pretty good if it was doubled?”
Eruki shook his head.
“I can’t see it that way. It takes effort to find hidden events, and as you know from experience, killing in battle is always a loss. Points go into every action, such as defense, evasion, and punching in the vitals.”
Eden said.
“Honestly, I also think that efficiency is low. I understand Mr. Curtis.”
“A bad thing?????
Shirone murmured.
“I said it was an honorable evil. The people we killed are a group of vicious bandits.”
It seemed that he was saying that it was evil anyway, and that you were no different from us.
Nade comforted him.
“don’t mind. This is a game made by the wicked. You know, the moment it shakes, it’s the end. That’s what the Catacombs are aiming for.”
“okay. Of course, but… …
Maybe that too was true.
“Nade, I will stick with this strategy until the end.”
“of course.”
After recovering her heart, Shirone picked up the Crime Dice from the floor.
A transparent ground formed under my feet, and it began to sway like a wave.
‘Random number structure.’
If it was the code that made Havitz, it would be perfect.
– Reward history. Base reward, 100 crime points. Additional reward, crime points awarded for rolling 3 crime dice. Perks, honorable misdeeds. All rewards are doubled.
said Eruki.
“It looks like Shirone still has the ownership of Crime Dice. If you play normally, you can get up to 36 points more than 100 points.”
Nade clicked his tongue.
“Are you too salty? That’s why the killer acted so small. It will be difficult to find even the original money.”
Eden said.
“Still, Mr. Curtis had three crime dice, right? They have more faces than ours. It’s a structure where the more you strengthen the dice, the bigger the reward you can receive.”
“Guys… … Hey.”
Shirone looked at her friends with a blank face.
“Do you think I can ‘double’?”
“What are you talking about?”
“There are no restrictions on magic or incarnation here. therefore… … that you can do it Quantum decay.”
It was the method used to obtain legendary grade items even in High Gear.
Eruki confirmed.
“Really. In a state where time has stopped, even the signals that restrict us cannot come.”
It was a world of probabilities.
“I’ll try it.”
Rolling the dice on her palm, Shirone glared at the vibrating ground like a string.
” wow??????
perseverance of the mind.
As the quantum collapsed, the ground froze, and two dice flew over it.
‘Completely observed. In other words, 100 percent probability.’
The dice, which had been bouncing along the bumps, stopped rolling as they scattered left and right.
The numbers 6 and 6 came to mind.
“done!”
The number combined to 12 with a thrilling sound, and the dice fell in front of my eyes again.
– It’s a double. You get 1 more chance.
“It was good.”
The second time, 6 and 6 came out, but this time the system voice was not heard.
“Hmm, that’s right. You only get one chance at a double in an inning. But we still have two more chances, so we can roll a total of four. Of course, if a double comes up.”
“No problem.”
Shirone caught the dice falling in front of her eyes and immediately threw them away.
The additional reward obtained by doing so is 72 points,
When adding the basic reward, it was 172 points, and with the double benefit, a total of 344 points were obtained.
“Oh yea! It’s great!”
While Shirone and the others were shouting hurray, Daneide jumped up and down.
“Awesome! It’s this way
ah… …
Time returned, and Nade came to his senses with a hearty smile.
“huh? what?”
Hawkeye, the civilian investigators, were looking at them with a blank expression.
“Hmmmm.”
“What happened?”
“No, no.”
Yes, you instinctively blocked information leakage
Unlike Id, Shirone spoke frankly.
“I was rewarded. And I’m sorry.”
I could even tell you that I fell into the spirit world, but the investigator did not ask.
“No, we got help. thanks.”
“Are you going to wait again, until the bandits attack the village?”
The investigator’s face darkened.
“I cannot delay any longer. We know the rules of Melkidoo. The felon would have fled much further. So we have no choice but to… …
I have no choice but to kill the villagers.
“Actually, they’re not even real people, and I even confirmed that dead residents are resurrected. I don’t know why I’m talking like this. just… … I don’t know. We have to go.”
Shirone tightly closed his lips.
‘This is why it’s difficult.’
Unlike extreme goodness and extreme evil, this was the reason why Gong and Ae could not hastily judge good and evil.
‘Humans are evil?’
It may be so, but before that we should ask ourselves:
‘Isn’t the system wrong?’ Maybe humans, society, and ourselves are driving ourselves into evil?
‘Because I have to live.’
Competing inevitably, inevitably pulling others down, being jealous, jealous… … .
‘I hate the wicked too. I feel the same way Miro feels about the injustice of evil.’
Just perfect system.
‘If a world comes in which there is no need to worry about disease or energy within a reasonable intellect, even then, if humans harm, deceive, and harass others… …
You can criticize it as much as you like.
‘But no. We just haven’t reached that level of intellect yet.’
Human beings are hurt by the word evil, and warmed by the word good.
‘Why don’t you know how great it is? To value good over evil… …
in the very distant future.
‘It means we’ll get there eventually.’
As human history proves.
‘You shouldn’t define human beings already. You shouldn’t give up in advance.’
One day evil will end.
‘Because I’m human too.’ I just want to believe that this is not all.
“yes. I wish you luck.”
Shirone couldn’t get the many words that came to his mind out of his mouth.
‘My ideal is just a delusion for every individual.’
Because even at this moment, all of humanity is trying to block the pain bomb.
‘I’m right.’
If you think about those who live in the present, this world would have been enough even if it was closed.
As the civilian investigators limped away, Eden approached and whispered softly.
“Let’s do what we have to do.”
o ≫
……flaw.
Good and evil, until everything is integrated.
“Well then, shall we go? I said one person can’t roll the dice in a row. Who will do it next?”
Eruki pointed at Nade, who spoke up.
“I can’t make an artificial double without Shirone anyway. It doesn’t matter who rolls it.”
“Ah, yes. Damn, I could have eaten it raw.”
Eden comforted.
“I still have 354 points. If I had played normally, it would have been only about 100 points. I can say it’s good for a start. I am lucky to have met Mr. Curtis.”
Nade was handed the dice.
“good. Let’s stretch out hotly. The dice god is watching over me.”
“okay. Throw it quickly.”
“Goes! Our splendid destiny!” As Nade threw the dice as hard as he could, a red number appeared on the other side of his path.
It was 1 and 2.
“Oh, hey, hey, hey… …
After turning into light, Shirone and the others advanced 3 squares.

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 1156 - Unsolved Case (4).txt
===============================
Unsolved case (4)
behind the world.
If the headquarters of the Chemical Corporation was the heart of hell, the system control branch was the brain of hell.
Commonly known as the company, it was an institution that systematically handled all cases and corrected errors.
“It’s free.”
A man in a suit yawned as he looked at Melkidu’s system log.
Their job title is a low-level impro, but they were also managers called agents.
“What is free? There’s a lot of work to be done. It’s just not doing it.”
There are no layoffs in the company, but… … .
“Sheesh, do you know how long I’ve been doing this?”
no resignation
“Why are you making such a fuss anyway? A guard job would be nice. You can roam around as you please.”
“They say Yahweh has come.”
“Hmm, Yahweh.” It took quite a while to get my hair back, which I hadn’t worn in a long time.
“what! Yahweh?”
The man jumped up with a surprised look on his face, but his colleague was just indifferent.
“Quiet. Is it because you don’t know what will happen if this facility gets caught? Yahweh is also in Melkidu/
The man who looked at the monitor sat down.
“… … What happened?”
“The team leader said that dozens of agents were beaten at the entrance. If it had been raised equally, the company factory site would have been devastated.”
“I mean, did you bring Yahweh into the company building? No, before that, did you lose the approval of the branch manager?”
“You don’t seem to understand, but it’s not at that level. Because the boss himself ordered it.”
“Lette-sama… …
“The reason Yahweh came was probably because of the issue of true voice. Fortunately, the boss seems to have been near the Valley of Wailing. It’s an order to wait until he comes to the company. So he must have entered Yahweh bloodlessly.”
The man wrinkled his brow.
“Lethe-sama himself? do you need to do that? The underworld is the system with the most managers. There is nothing that cannot be stopped if we mobilize all the monsters and agents around the world.”
“They annihilated the chief of staff, Monoras-sama.”
The man’s mouth gaped open.
“lie.”
“I thought so too at first. If Lethe-nim reduces everything in hell to demons, then Monolas-sama can eat all the demons in hell. And what he ate was none other than Ymir, the strongest creature in the real world.”
The colleague turned his head.
“Who do you think it was? Yahweh? No, it is a human who goes with Yahweh. You can control the chains of Gehenna. That’s the same as Lethe-sama in a narrow range.”
The man finally realized the seriousness of the situation.
“Be quiet until Lady Lethe makes a deal. I don’t think it will come to an end easily.”
“What if it doesn’t come to an end?”
“What then… …
The colleague looked back at the monitor.
“One of them, or one of us, is coming to an end.”
“Why are you so late?”
After passing through the factory site and entering the office building, Shirone and the others waited in the guest room for about two hours.
“Can not stand anymore!”
Son Yu-jeong jumped up.
“I’m going to see Mortasinger right now. If you destroy the one who gets in your way, that’s enough.”
Shirone sighed briefly.
“Son Yu-jeong.”
Her shoulders twitched.
“Stay still. Don’t mess things up.”
“Grunt. all right.”
Hand Yu-jeong, who turned around with her head down, tried to sit back in the chair.
“… … I know how to say!”
Suddenly, he kicked off the ground and jumped out, holding his right yeoui stick all the way toward the door and shouting.
Then the door opened.
“You guys here… …
Son Yu-jeong bared her teeth as soon as Shirone saw Lethe’s familiar face.
“Move!”
Shirone’s eyes widened.
“Huh!”
At the same time as the number of long orphans decreased, Son Yu-jeong collapsed as if a thread had been cut.
“Oh, I was wrong. please… … Lethe saw Son Yoo-jeong wriggling, or more precisely, the face of Richera hanging from her waist.
‘it’s annoying.’
If Hell hadn’t had the crispy runner’s head, Shirone wouldn’t have been able to make it on time.
‘Is this also fate?’
Raising her gaze, she scanned Shirone, Lian, Ethella, and Chagall one by one.
‘Yahweh, Gehenna, Taegeuk. How many years have you been working?’
It was a super-special VIP.
“hello. My name is Letera, the president of the chemical company. We finally get together like this.”
There was no answer.
She jumped over Son Yu-jeong with a great stride and sat down at the table across from Shirone.
“Okay, I give in.”
In the midst of a long snowball fight, Derethe closed her eyes as if resigned.
“I will offer myself. If I am the most beautiful person in the world behind the scenes, there will be no complaints.”
“I’m not in the mood to play.”
Lethe hit the table.
“No, then what are you going to do! The true voice cannot be liberated! It’s system-impossible!”
“Is it possible. If you purify hell.”
“Then, all the demons will perish? How do you know the duties of a behind-the-scenes world manager? Do you know how hard I work here?”
Lethe was very excited.
“Yahweh and Buddha, to be honest, they don’t get treated very well in real life. Thoughts and beliefs, you must be wandering around, so why are you only a gangster in hell? Why are you here to be a rogue!”
Satan fights with humans. She just wanted to maintain the system.
“Tell me what you think. Just as Taeseong exists for humans, I exist for demons. All you’re saying is that you want to fight.”
Taeseong exists for humans, Shirone really liked hearing that.
“I do it like this. I will get rid of the demon realm in reality. Instead, you are dealing with karma here. If it’s your business, all the demons in the world can live on for 10,000 years, so there’s plenty of room for trading.”
“Get rid of the demon realm. But Jin Seong-eum cannot give up. And I heard there is a way.”
Lethe blinked.
“huh?”
“You can escape through Shiok. One seat will be vacant now. Because I killed him.” To be exact, the wizard killed one more person not too long ago, so two seats are empty.
“ha.”
Lethe leaned back in her chair.
“It’s frustrating, really. Of course, the company makes code related to Shiok, but do you know what Shiok is?”
“Fanatical.”
“So that fanatic… … . no, it’s done Let me show you. how is it?”
Son Yu-jeong, who was sitting in the corner, said with a hateful expression.
“Can we meet Mortasinger too?”
“Mortasinger? Oh sure. I am in the Siok candidate group. To be honest… … You seem to have no talent.”
Lethe got up from her seat.
“song. Opportunities to tour the system control branch and company aren’t common.”
Lethe’s head spun rapidly.
‘I have to drag the time.’
Yahweh with the heart of agape is a tyrant in the underworld, but it is different in reality.
‘Satan’s law will do it. If you end him in reality, the world behind it will be safe.’
He said Gyorgi had an idea.
“Then let’s go.”
Hiding her true feelings and smiling innocently, Lethe opened the door and went out into the hallway.
People in suits were waiting.
Even with the same agent, it was a presence on a different level from those whom Chagall defeated at the entrance.
“Who are these?”
Lette introduced.
“I am the board of directors of the chemical company. There is also a branch manager of the company. They will guide you.”
The gray-haired old gentleman bowed his head.
“I am Benistov, the branch manager. You seem to be interested in the Hidden Code, and I will serve you.”
With him in the lead, Shirone’s party and the board of directors walked down the aisle in line.
“agent.”
As Shirone muttered, Lethe spoke.
“Among the five major systems, this is where we have the most administrators. Processing emotions is just as difficult. But agents can. Because you understand the hidden code from the very beginning of your existence.”
“Emotions are logic.”
“yes. An agent, defined in terms of the outside world, is an autonomous process that performs a specific task. They see Hidden Code as natural as humans feel gravity.”
The reason for bringing up the perspective of the outside world is probably to gain the trust of Shirone.
I just thought it was dangerous.
“This is where you can adjust the density of the fire… …
In line with the purpose of the tour, Benistov added explanations as he passed each department.
‘It must be Lethe’s instructions.’
If you let Shirone understand the other side of the world, future negotiations will be much easier.
Benistov pointed to the stairs.
“Let’s go straight to the twelfth floor. It is a place where candidates for Siok are tested. If you go there… …
“for a moment.”
Shirone stopped talking.
“What is that door?”
It was just a door with no department name engraved on it.
“There is one door installed on each floor. There is the same door on the twelfth floor.”
In a situation where nonsensical lies are poisonous, it was clear that he was trying to divert attention as much as possible.
“So what?”
“… … This is the door to the engine room.”
“stokehold?”
Benistov looked at Lethe, and she nodded with her lips closed.
“I will guide you. Please follow me.”
Instead of explaining, he opened the door and boarded the sphere elevator going down to the basement.
A heartbeat was heard, and the sphere carrying the party sank at a frightening speed.
As I stood at the beginning of the straight tunnel, a terrible white noise came through the wall.
It was as if hundreds of thousands of people were screaming in different voices.
“Beyond that wall, there is a central processing unit that processes all demons in Hell.”
“Right. It really was nothing.”
Lette made an unfair expression when Shirone looked at her.
“That’s why I brought you. special righteousness
There is no turn. It’s a core device, but it only has the ability to process information. What I didn’t want to show you, it’s for you.”
The device of the other side world was made of living things, so it wouldn’t have been a beautiful appearance.
“I’ll have to see for myself.”
Lette sighed and nodded, and Benistov moved forward without hesitation.
“This is it.”
A giant brain-like object floated in the valley where a human city could enter.
‘No, it’s not the brain.’ From the size of a fingernail to the size of a human forearm, countless fetuses were clinging to each other.
Even the bold Lian frowned at the sight of him making all sorts of noises and crying.
“Here… … What is it?”
Lethe said.
“You said you would regret it. As you can see, those are fetuses. Among them, the child who was aborted. They don’t have the same logic as humans, but they have the same emotions. It is through that fear of death that you come over to the other world.”
Shirone’s expression was also not good.
“Central computing unit… …
“yes. Only the fetus can calculate the world’s magic. The reason why the company was established here is because such demons flow in according to the topography of the law. It is a chaotic demon with no logic, only emotion.”
The party watched the fetus wriggling in its immature body to avoid falling.
Down in the valley was a fire.
‘Poor children.’
Ethella, who was making a sad expression at the rear, suddenly frowned.
‘Ugh!’
The sharp pain I felt in my womb led my hand to my lower abdomen.
‘no way? No, it can’t be.’ Chagall connected by the Taegeuk chain
He looked back at Ethella with this firm expression.
“you… …
“it’s nothing. Never mind.”
After mercilessly blocking Chagall’s attention, Ethella was frustrated in front of the gruesome truth.
‘I’m sure I haven’t menstruated since I came here. I thought it was because he was already dead.’
What if there were other reasons?
‘perhaps… … It might be possible.’ It is because he fell into hell in the state of being alive.
“huh… … ah! huh… … Ahhh!” Abandoned fetuses were crying.

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 1157 - Five Systems(1).txt
===============================
Five Systems (1)
Ethella pressed hard against the ship.
‘It’s a big deal.’
According to the topography of the law, this place must have been a place where illogical demons flowed.
‘I’m reacting.’
Every time I heard a cry, my stomach hurt as if stabbed with a knife, but the fear was greater than that.
‘I will miscarry at this rate.’
Perhaps Chagall’s, a follower of Zen, the child of the man who dropped her into hell.
So it was confusing.
‘I don’t know. I am… … how should… …
It’s still hard to judge, but her instincts were telling her to avoid this place.
‘First of all, I have to protect it.’
It was embarrassing to even say it, but just when she was about to pluck up the courage, Chagall stepped in.
“Sheesh! what are you doing?”
Everyone turned to Chagall.
“It’s just the same hungry ghost anyway. The ghosts who live because they can’t die. I’m here to break these F*cking chains. I don’t want to waste my time in a place like this.”
It was never a good view to look at for a long time, so Shirone and the others immediately followed Chagall.
Only Ethella savored the emotions transmitted through the chain for a moment.
On the way up to the twelfth floor, Benistoff explained the chemical company’s system.
“The hidden world run by chemical companies is largely classified into three categories. The first is the branch under the chemical company, the second is the city where the demons live, and the last is the logistics warehouse managed by Black Seung.” Shirone and Lian experienced both.
“The reason why the company is special is that it has a six-brain and central processing unit that you just saw. Emotions are illogical, but not without cause and effect. If reality is centered around events, we deal with emotional causation. This is called karma.”
Shirone asked.
“If you purify your physical brain, will your true voice be liberated?”
“Hmm. Otherwise, the world would be paralyzed. I don’t know what will happen after that. But this is just an assumption. Actually, the flesh brain cannot be purified.
Shall we?”
“Why?”
“Fetuses that form the flesh brain are classified as a race called Limbo. They don’t have karma. Therefore, it is not purified.”
Benistov raised his index finger.
“It’s not just the aborted fetus that goes into limbo. The standard is up. A child who is born into the world but does not know logic does not have karma. Such Limbo escapes outside in pursuit of prey. You can see it when you go to District 7 of Baramaon.”
At the time of their descent into hell, Ethella and Chagall saw them in the ‘grave of the backbone’.
“It is good to be careful. It’s weak, but it’s brutal. No, it would be correct to assume that there is no such concept. The only driving force for the existence of the Limbo is their obsession with life.”
Shirone asked again.
“What if I destroy the flesh brain?”
In order to understand the subject accurately, one must also have a cruel imagination.
“Limbo, like prison, is the law. Even if members disappear, the concept does not disappear. Even if you burn the fetus, it will be replaced by a new meat brain. Of course there will be serious errors, but as a system guru, I want to stop it. Because what Yahweh wants will not happen.”
Benistov emphasized.
“Destruction is not a good solution. Even more so if there are a lot of things hanging around. Both the real world and the underworld will be messed up. Would you hit a precision machine with a hammer in the hope that it might be fixed? Of course it can be fixed. But in my opinion, it will most likely be scrap metal. There is no turning back.” Shirone was lost in thought.
‘I’m not lying. If it wasn’t the truth, there’d be no way I’d show my physical brain. but… … I feel like I’m hiding something really important.’
It was the reason why it felt like an enigma.
The moment I reached the twelfth floor, I heard a loud sound that made my complex thoughts fly away.
“Worship Satan!”
It was a magnificent space like the Colosseum, and people were tightly packed on the 10th and 11th floors.
Holding onto the microphone with multiple human ears attached, the demon raised his hand and shouted.
“Oh oh! Hey Satan! joy! Pleasure! Give me success!”
Then, from hundreds of mouths hanging on all sides, his voice boomed and amplified.
The people gathered under the altar shed tears of emotion and followed the demon’s words.
“I believe! I believe in Satan!” Shirone asked.
“Here… … ‘?”
“It is a satanic meeting. The believers gathered here are human beings who have made a covenant with Satan.”
i.e. the birth god.
Approximately 6,000 humans attended and all of them were candidates for Siok.
“Obey! crave it! Satan will surely answer!”
The momentum of the rise was visible, and the believers raised their hands and shouted.
Everyone wanted something, but to Shirone it sounded like a scream.
The demon held out his hand.
“I hear you!”
The noise disappeared like a lie and the demon’s long finger pointed at someone.
“I can hear the remorse of a mother who lost her child! Marie, this is a woman named Marie.”
“That’s me! It’s me!”
A woman jumped up and down in place with her dead baby in her arms.
“Come to me. You who obey Satan have the courage to do so.”
Shedding tears of emotion, Mari stepped up to the podium, and the demons handed over the child’s corpse.
“This child will live. Do you believe?”
“yes! I believe! I am… … I believe in Satan! If only the child could be saved… …
“No conditions required! do you believe
peel!”
the woman screamed
“yes! I believe!”
“great! In the name of Satan… … !” The demon holding the child’s corpse with both hands smashed it with all its might.
“Live!”
When the child’s corpse fell to the ground with a thump, all the believers clapped and went wild.
“Praise the greatness of Satan!”
Shirone felt like watching a bad comedy, but what was even more surprising was what happened next.
“Oh oh! my baby!” Even the mother danced with joy as she embraced the corpse of her child.
“Come here, my dear.”
The sight of kissing the corpse of a bluish child gave goosebumps to the party.
Shirone murmured.
“how… … what’s this?”
After that, the demons called a soldier who lost a leg and an old woman who was blind.
“Walk straight!”
The soldier who roared with joy began to walk on the podium on one leg.
He fell down before taking a step, but he continued to get himself up.
“I feel better!”
Falling down with a thud.
“Look! Now I can walk just fine! I will definitely avenge you, dog-like bastards!”
fall down again
“I see your eyes! I can see ahead! check! I won’t take my checks anymore!”
The old woman, her hands floundering, hovered endlessly in the same spot.
Shirone gritted his teeth.
“… … Fanaticism.”
Lethe said.
“is it so. Shiok is born like this. Blind faith to the point of destroying logic. Hidden codes are a special phenomenon that arises from such contradictions.”
She turned her head with a sad expression.
“I don’t think I took it lightly. But if she is Jinseong Yin, if she is her strong mental strength, then she can take Siok’s place, right?”
Shirone did not answer.
“This is a huge desire. How many emotions do you need to make a contract with Satan? A woman who lost her child in a terrible accident could be the standard. It means that the desire of that old man whose money was taken away by his family is just as strong. I can’t do genuine voice. Because she is a human who gave herself up for the sake of the world.”
Lethe was right.
When the Demons returned the followers to their seats, 20 humans walked to the podium.
“They are strong candidates for Siok.” It wasn’t as fussy as the followers, but the situation looked far more miserable.
“Look, everyone. I became this rich because of my belief in Satan.”
Trash kept dripping from the pockets.
Followed by applause from the congregation, his microphone passed to the woman next to him.
It was a terribly ugly face.
“hello. I am a Mortasse singer who entered the final 20 people for this Siok selection.”
Shirone’s eyes widened.
‘That person… … Mortasinger?’
As Shirone remembers, she was a beauty who deserved to participate in world beauty contests.
Even Son Yoo-jung was shocked, and had a dazed expression at the appearance of the friend she had been looking for so long.
“Satan gave me the most beautiful appearance. look. Isn’t it beautiful?”
Devotees whistled.
“uh… … So I’m so happy. I will continue to dedicate myself to Satan… …
The command room on the 13th floor watched her as she spoke in an awkward tone.
The first o’clock of the pride said.
“It’s gone. You deal with hidden codes quite a bit, but do you feel that something is not 100%?”
According to Havitz’s order, they were trying to complete the prison as soon as possible.
6 o’clock of wandering said.
“In the beginning, growth was fast, but implementation is a problem. Probably because I was a regular eater.”
8 o’clock of jealousy said.
“Even if you twist the logic, in the end it is your own logic. Trying to understand the hidden code with childish pranks like eating out of the rules makes me so sick. It’s stupid.”
“More than that… … Look at the twelfth floor.”
An old man with a warm expression pointed downstairs with his chin at 11:00.
“Yahweh has come.”
The moment he had his eyes on Shirone, life gushed out, no matter who said it first.
“We are suffering because of Yahweh, who is a beggar. Wizards were also raised by that guy, right?”
If I could kill you now.
“……Shall we go?”
“Are you okay? Lette is next to you too. It must be because there is something to decorate.”
“What do you know? We exist only for Havitz. Those are the twelve temptations of Satan.”
It was a fanatic named Siok.
After the introduction of the 20 Siok candidates, the demons took over the microphone.
“This is the power of Satan. It is the power of God that is impossible! I will pray.”
A passage from the devil’s bible, which Giyorgi probably had, was recited.
When the meeting was over and the believers dispersed, Lete took the group to the 10th floor.
“Mufa!”
The Demon, who was resting on the platform, found Lethe and hurriedly ran to it.
“Oh! president! How did you get here?”
“I was giving them a tour of the company. say hello know? Yahweh, and the workers.”
Of course, if it was a demon, their eyes would turn around, but Mupa smirked and held out his hand.
“Nice to meet you. It is Mufa.”
When Shirone frowned as if to stop dreaming, he shyly withdrew his hand.
“Oops! that’s too much People in the same industry.”
“Same industry?”
When Shirone’s voice mixed with anger, Lethe hurriedly opened her arms.
“now! That’s done. Among the Siok candidates, there is a kid named Mortasinger, right? Where are you now?”
“Are you praying? It’s when you work hard. But why is Mortasinger… … ?”
“Son Yu-jeong!”
At that moment, Mortar Singer ran out from the door leading to the inside of the auditorium.
“You are indeed! I saw it earlier and I did it! It really was Son Yoo-jung!”
Son Yu-jeong couldn’t believe it until she came running to him and hugged him by the neck.
“you… …
A friend with a cool personality who had many accidents while wandering around heaven together.
“Ho Ho! Well, it’s natural to be surprised. My ugly face has become so pretty.”
However, the one in front of him now was a madman with a face that looked like he would have been better off with a skull.

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 1158 - Five Systems (2).txt
===============================
Five Systems (2)
Son Yoo-jung was speechless.
It wasn’t particularly disgusting, but I wondered how to react.
“After all, you too fell into hell. Knock! Because I knew it! Join Satanism.”
Son Yoo-jung opened her mouth.
“you… … are you okay? It’s none of my business, but it looks pretty bad.”
The gaze was focused.
Can she not be shaken even after hearing her best friend’s honest evaluation?
“… … Not good?”
Mortar Singer, who suddenly frowned, fiercely touched Son Yoo-jung’s shoulder.
“What are you talking about? are you jealous of me too? Do you hate how pretty I am?”
The woman who handled the hidden code to some extent must have been conveying her sincerity.
“Be honest! How do I look?”
The last remaining reason.
The magician’s logic, who had mastered the logic of the world, was blocking the illusion.
“hurry… … I mean answer.”
As tears welled up in one eye of the distorted Mortar Singer, Sohn Yu-jeong realized.
‘regret.’
It seemed to be begging for help.
Without showing emotion, Son Yoo-jung slowly backed away and fell behind the group.
Mortasinger cried.
“How could you do this to me?”
“sorry.”
In the eyes of Son Yu-jeong, who had deceived Yahweh, Hwa-an Gold-jeong immediately burned.
“Kiyi!”
Skipping even the preliminary action, the two wielded swords exploded the floor.
“damage!”
Shirone and the others threw themselves.
Ethella, who jumped up without thinking about landing, was blocked by Chagall from behind.
“you… …
As I looked at Chagall with confused emotions, I heard an explosion from the wall.
There was a huge hole in the wall.
The Mortar Singer was held in Son Yoo-jung’s hand as she left the office building and crossed the air.
“Let go! What is this!”
“I’ll let you go. ruin you too I mean go anywhere but here.”
“What about you?”
“I am full of long orphans. I gained time to save you, but Yahweh will catch me.”
Landing on the ground, Mortasinger shook his head.
“no. I’m from Satanism… …
“go!”
As he shouted, exposing the monkey’s fangs, Mortasinger shook his shoulders.
“Wake! are you insane Do you really think your face is beautiful right now?”
“I, I… …
I doubted it at first, but when I was with the followers of Satanism, I forgot what was right.
Son Yoo-jeong put her shoulder.
“That’s a madman’s den, but you’re not. You were much smarter than me. The old you must have found a way to get it back. and you… … I mean, it was really pretty.”
No matter what accident happened, it was Son Yoo-jung who always supported Morta Singer like the eldest sister.
“Really? Am I really not pretty?”
How many repetitions of self-brainwashing have you lost your way even in this situation?
Richera intervened.
“Well, I don’t even have a lower back anymore, but I really want to say this. you just… …
“You shut up.”
Son Yoo-jung interrupted Richera and said.
“Leave quickly. I’ll take care of this.”
“no. i will go with you I can’t live here on my own.”
“You said you couldn’t go. Yahweh is a pervert. They make all sorts of excuses to strangle me, and enjoy the sight of it.”
Son Yu-jeong, who was awkwardly caressing the gold frame around her neck, suddenly blinked.
“huh’?”
Escaping with the candidates of Shiok is the same as stealing Yahweh’s enemies.
‘Why is the number of orphans not decreasing?’
“Are you all right?”
Son Yoo-jung was convinced.
‘You didn’t memorize the gingoju. But why?’
Richera said.
“Are you going or not? I don’t mind anything, but I hate being here.”
Agents were everywhere, but Son Yoo-jung was still lost in thought.
Lethe asked.
“Is it okay if I leave you alone?” If she memorizes Gingoju right away, Son Yu-jung will be summoned again.
“It’s what she chose.”
Shirone didn’t want to do that.
“Even if it’s thunder-naked, you’re sincere in deciding to fight for your friend.”
Lethe nodded.
“great. So let’s get to the point. Why don’t you just accept my offer?”
Shirone couldn’t be stubborn.
‘It is impossible for Jin Seong-eum to go to reality through Shi-ok. but… … The reason why I can’t easily give up is still
It was because there was something lukewarm in my head.
‘Brain brain. What did I miss there?’
Lian said as she drew out her great sword.
“Shirone, over there.”
A group of people in black robes descended from the stairs on the thirteenth floor.
“Shiok.”
The first o’clock of pride laughed.
“It’s been a while, Yahweh.”
Lethe’s brow furrowed slightly.
‘Si-ok doesn’t follow my orders. But show up against Yahweh
I’m giving it away.’
The only reason Shirone can’t kill Harvitz is that such an event won’t happen.
Yahweh, who cut out demons for the sake of mankind, could not treat Habits like Wizards.
‘In a head-to-head confrontation, Si-ok has no chance. Still, trying to compete here… …
For Satan, of course.
‘Havitz, no, Satan, how far behind are you in reality?’
As the Miracle Stream spread from Shirone’s body, Mufa’s face revealed its true color.
“Big!”
I felt a huge hostility from the believers who were lined up near the entrance.
Shirone said.
“Whatever you think, do it. Satan’s temptations are useless to me.”
‘That’s true.’
Therefore, Si-ok uses tactics to seduce and attack people around Yahweh.
‘Lian, Ethella, Chagall.’
It was an effective card, and among them, Lian An was not inferior to Yahweh in terms of force.
‘It only takes one time.’
Excluding the two who died, 10 Siok activated hidden codes toward Lian.
Ethella clenched her fists.
“We fight too.”
At that moment, the Taegeuk chain swayed and the strength escaped from her body.
“Huh!”
When she came to her senses, Chagall was already running towards the exit holding her.
“Stop!”
Chagall, who broke down the door on the 10th floor without any response, ran quickly through the hallway.
A roar erupted from where Shirone was, and Ethella struggled with her limbs.
“Put it down! You have to put me down!”
Chagall went through a complicated maze-like passage
After a long detour, I put her down.
“Why are you doing this all of a sudden!”
In fact, even Ethel knew.
Why couldn’t Chagall be prevented from the interaction of Taegeuk’s karma? “We don’t have to fight.”
That it was because it was for her sake.
“Don’t get me wrong. Do you think I’ll be happy with this? Have you forgotten what you did to me?”
The fact that she had no choice but to be led by evil tormented her heart.
“Han is not able to die. Don’t get your hopes up. It won’t be what you want.”
She didn’t say anything bad, but it was clear what she wanted.
Chagall spat out as he felt.
“okay? Sun said something, but at least you were like that. doesn’t care. Because I wasn’t interested anyway.”
‘A trashy human.’
Ethella felt the blood rushing backwards and felt another pain in her abdomen.
“iced coffee.”
Chagall turned coldly.
“Follow me. What we need is a way to break these chains. If we cut off this dog-like relationship, there will be no need to suffer between each other.”
I wanted to hit him on the back of the head as he was moving away, but Ethella calmed down.
‘I need to calm down.’
The pain in her stomach was gone, but it seemed dangerous to antagonize Chagall any longer.
“What, what, you guys?”
As I turned the corner, a member of the Satanic Church was startled and took a vigilant posture.
“Good. If you live here, you must be fast in geography, right? Answer the questions from now on. If you tell a lie… …
An illusion flickered around Chagall, and a quick-fire sword was grabbed in his hand.
“Die.”
“… … Kkkkkkkkk.”
When the believer raised his lungs, a 2-meter spear materialized.
“Just a dagger? My hidden code is the window… …
Chagall’s hand grabbed the believer’s forehead and pushed it toward the wall.
Using the recoil, the back of the head was stabbed into the wall seven times in an instant, and the believer lost consciousness halfway.
Then, as the feel of the cold blade penetrated the nape of his neck, his eyes widened.
“Hee! live, live… …
“This is your last chance. Where is the department that manages the business?”
“Huh!”
The terrified believer’s lips trembled.
Karma Management Department.
Battle cries resounded where large monitors were tightly installed.
“This child… … 100 million!”
In just 3 minutes, the turmoil was over, and the 20 agents who fell were annihilated.
“You’re annoying me.”
Ethella looked at Chagall, who was heading to the monitor.
‘It’s gotten stronger.’
It must have been when he slaughtered the agent at the entrance of the system control branch.
‘The power of Taegeuk makes him strong. in short… … It keeps getting worse.’
“This is where you can find out about my past. It’s over if you know what I was. It’s work and I don’t need anything.”
Chagall called her.
“Come this way. I don’t know how.”
Ethella was also active because she was curious about the relationship manipulated by Ra Enemy.
“The devices are all biological. Seeing that blood is used, why not put your own blood in it?”
Without hesitation, Chagall raised his dagger and slit his own wrist.
As the blood dripped, something began to be written on the screen in the language of the demons.
I couldn’t interpret it, but I didn’t have to think about it from the next video.
“This?… ”
The scene of a circus performing was a familiar sight to Chagall.
“ah??????
Even though there was no Chagall on the screen, he instinctively understood the situation.
” mom.”
A woman with a ferocious impression resembling Chagall was receiving applause while performing aerial acrobatics.
’cause. It comes from the cause of Chagall’s existence.’
The screen passed by like a kaleidoscope, and soon they smelled an unfamiliar smell.
‘Memories of Chagall… …
Smell contains information from the past.
No longer needing a screen, they absorbed the time Chagall existed in an instant.
Chagall’s mother met the son of a rich man who came to see a circus performance.
The reason why it cannot be called love is that she was abandoned the moment she became pregnant.
“Aye! Aye!”
Chagall was born that way in a rotten room with no one taking care of it.
After about three months, the mother took Chagall to a dark alley.
“ha. ha.”
Her face was cruelly distorted as she gazed at the sleeping baby.
“Useless.”
He smashed Chagall to the ground like an object.
“Hehe. Heh heh heh.”
Chagall laughed as if watching a pleasant performance.
‘Yes, that’s how I am.’
It was by no means a nice sight, but from the point of view of falling into hell, I felt relieved.
The mother, who had abandoned Chagall, resolutely turned and ran away, but suddenly stopped walking.
baby’s cry.
After struggling for a long time, she finally bit her lip and ran to the baby.
“Live well.”
Then he took a few coins from his pocket, put them in the blanket, and left forever.
“?Huh I ?Huhug I ?Huh ?Huh?Hh ！ Heh ooo I”
What does a baby need coins for?
‘what’s this! What is this, damn it!’ Looking at Chagall, who poured tears from her smiling face, Ethella’s heart was heavy.
‘Poor person.’
After how much time had passed, someone appeared to take Chagall, who had been left in an orphanage.
“uh?”
Both of them were in shock.
“no. It can’t be.”
It was Ethella’s teacher, Raphael of the Order of Carsis, whom Chagall had killed with his own hands.

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 1159 - Five Systems (3).txt
===============================
Five Systems (3)
When Lian’s great sword made a roar, the meeting place of Satanism was razed to the ground.
Shiok couldn’t believe it.
“Why isn’t the hidden code included?”
Ten Siok activated their abilities at the same time, but Lian’s movements were unreserved.
“No, it worked.”
The proof was that she was shedding tears of blood with her face distorted like a demon. To him in the present, Shirone is an enemy who annihilated his family, a villain who tortured everyone he loved.
“It worked, but it doesn’t matter.”
Rian’s eyes were only on Si-ok.
“I am Shirone’s sword.”
No matter how Shirone changes, keeping the oath he promised himself is a knight.
The 3 o’clock of the house said.
“……you idiot?”
When Daejikdo struck the ground, a shock wave rushed in at a speed that could not be reacted.
The first o’clock of pride reversed the choice and changed the location of Siok, but the horror remained.
‘Even a fool is talented enough. like this
The plan goes awry. Rather Yahweh, she glanced to her side.
While Lian was fighting to the death, Shirone was still holding her position.
The company’s executives, including Lette, were in a state of besieging him, revealing their intentions to kill.
Shirone asked coldly.
“Are you going to fight?”
“As I said, our number one rule is negotiation. But I can’t lose Shiok.”
Of course, what she wanted was deeper.
‘We have to drag the time until the ultra-ancient civilization is opened. It’s not long now.’
The moment they were connected to the outside world, the administrator’s authority would become stronger.
‘Satan will do it. In reality, if Yahweh is subdued, nothing can stop Opartz.’
Oparts was Kitra, the king of Paras.
Benistoff said.
“Make your decision now. If you follow our terms, there will be no impressing each other.” Shirone looked back at the company’s board of directors.
‘These are managers.’
Unlike the demons, Agape’s heart was not supposed to shock them in any way.
‘A confrontation between force and force.’
Hexa’s smoke, which had lost Agape’s emotions, burned Shirone like a flame.
Lethe’s eyes darkened.
“Are you saying we can’t compromise after all? That’s stupid. Is Yahweh all about fighting demons?”
“You are stupid.”
Shirone’s eyes lit up.
“Liberate the true voice.”
“You said you couldn’t do it. She can’t be like Shiok. Even though you understood it too.”
“You just have to purify your brain. yes?” For the first time, Lethe’s eyes fluttered.
“Of course Limbo has no karma. But that means you can purify yourself at any time.”
The agent’s face contorted horribly.
“What blocks that is obsession with life. If the resentment of being unable to even feel the joy of birth and falling into hell is the identity of the flesh brain, then you just have to let go of that resentment.”
“… … how?”
Lethe asked.
“You know? Logic doesn’t work with Limbo. It is impossible to persuade in any way. They don’t even know what resentment is. It’s just a huge obsession that can’t be explained in words. I’m not lying to you.”
“yes. But I wasn’t even telling the truth.”
It was the identity of the reluctant feeling that remained lukewarm in Shirone’s head.
“You know how to purify the flesh brain, right?”
“I don’t know.”
Lethe’s lips trembled.
“say.”
she couldn’t reveal.
When the physical brain and the central processing unit are purified, all karma in the underworld will be reset.
‘Asmodians can’t live in such a world.’
In reality, it was as strong as the sudden disappearance of the sun, the source of life.
“To be clear, there is no such way. Still, if you really want to hear it… …
Hellfire burned in Lethe’s hands.
“I will tell the body.”
A roar erupted from the twelfth floor while the agents’ eyes lit up with a purple light.
It was the sound of Rian chasing Shi-ok.
The perfume of Chagall’s memory spread thickly in the secret room of the Karma management department.
Ethella, connected by the Taegeuk chain, traced her memories like Chagall.
‘Why Archbishop Raphael?’
Ethella met him when she was seven years old, suffering from overflow.
I have no specific memories.
Only the image of falling into deep darkness and a slightly cynical child come to mind.
Raphael in his memory asked.
“The name… … ?”
“This is Chagall. Except in special cases, orphans are named after the place where they were found.”
“okay.”
Raphael, who had been handed over the child, looked closely at Chagall, who was blind.
“this child… … Snow?”
“Yes, there is little to no light response. It must be that the sun’s light has damaged his vision. It responds slightly, but the doctor says it will eventually go blind.” Ethella looked back at Chagall.
‘ what?’
blind?
Chagall was also lost in thought with a dazed expression, perhaps not knowing.
‘I can’t see my eyes? No way. Then what have I seen so far?’
He knows Tia, but he can’t clearly draw what she looks like.
Maybe even Ethella’s face.
‘I am?… ”
Were you seeing the smell?
The answer to the question was heard through Raphael’s mouth in nostalgia for the incident.
By the time Chagall was four years old, he could walk around any obstacle.
On the contrary, with a schema that is clearer than normal people, he even performed impossible acrobatics for children.
“What a surprise.”
Raphael, who was the priest in charge at the time, also realized Chagall’s secret and could not keep his mouth shut.
‘Instead of not being able to see the world, it must be the result of looking more deeply into one’s own body. Of course, there are also innate talents. Parents probably had fairly good physical abilities
If it was a minor problem, it was that unlike normal people, he sniffed every time he walked.
‘Should I tell you?’
that you can’t see
‘I don’t know. He thinks he sees the same as everyone else. Even the focus of the eyes is right.’
It was the power of the sensory system schema.
‘It’s a wonderful sense of smell. A level at which information can be extracted from the particles of matter.’
Raphael made a decision.
‘not now.’
Someday the truth will come out, but uh
I didn’t want to hurt Rin’s heart.
In any case, no one at the Abbey of Carsis knew that Chagall was blind.
Raphael smiled.
“Chagall, let’s stop going in. You should eat.”
“yes!”
Chagall’s face as he ran to his father-like teacher was as bright as any other child.
It was a happy time.
And the nostalgia, which contained a huge amount of time at once, stirred Chagall’s memories of being seven years old.
“hello. This is Romi Ethella.” An expressionless child wearing large glasses bowed his head towards the priests.
Ethella in reality inhaled the smell even more.
‘That child… … me.’
Falling into an overflow at the age of seven, she enlisted the help of the Charcis Monastery.
The priests welcomed him with benevolent smiles.
“Yes, you are Ethella. I heard a lot about it. don’t worry too much you have a natural talent You will be able to become a great wizard.”
Chagall, who had been hiding behind the pillars of the auditorium and spying on them, pursed his lips.
‘Oh, wizard.’
He was interesting to the young Chagall, but it was Ethella that interested him more.
‘ pretty.’
It must have been that scent.
A few days later, Raphael called the two of them.
“The Yin-Yang Wave Fist is a powerful weapon that can fight the evils of the world. The proper age for training is ten, but Chagall can start now. And Ethella… …
Raphael turned to Ethella.
“Will you not learn? I am the same age as Chagall, and using my body will help me overcome the overflow.”
‘Learn martial arts?’
The mage was the goal, but if you can overcome the overflow, you’re not in a position to cover it.
“yes. I will do my best.”
class has started
“First, hold each other’s hands and pull and push. It’s okay to do it for fun at first. What matters is how you use your power.”
Unlike Chagall, whose heart was pounding, Ethella did not show much interest.
‘I’m not even an adult, I’m seven years old. There is no difference in strength. I can win easily.’
Her rivals were always adults.
“uh?”
At the same time as Chagall moved, her body ran out of strength.
He seemed to have lost control of his body.
‘Feeling of power being sucked in. How could this be? If it’s a sense, I won’t lose.’
That was an illusion.
‘It goes far beyond my senses.’ As her coming kicked in and she defended with all her might, her practice lasted for over 10 minutes.
‘They are outstanding talents.’
Raphael was delighted.
‘Chagall’s physical abilities are truly superhuman. But Etel also has the balance of body and mind.’
The moment Ethella, who was bad at this, pushed her body forward, Chagall also had a premonition of the final decision.
‘Here’s the reverse use of power… …
Chagall was stunned at the sight of Ethella’s face approaching him at that moment.
‘This is Ethella.’
sniff sniff. sniff sniff.
The moment she put her nose to the nape of her neck and sniffed it, Ethella pushed it away in surprise.
“what are you doing!”
Chagall thumped his butt, and she shouted, unable to swallow the powder.
“The world’s bad guy! Doing something like this in a sacred training ground! Are you still a monk?”
“I-I’m just so pretty… … I was just looking.
“Who in the world would do that just because they are pretty? No matter how many parents…
“Ethella!”
Ethella flinched at Raphael’s cry, but her nervous heart did not subside easily.
“I’ll go.”
As she left, Raphael approached the weeping Chagall.
“Are you okay?”
“I hate Ethella. He has parents and lives well. He doesn’t want to be friends with me.”
“You understand. Ethella is a confusing time. The mind of an adult has entered the body of a child.”
“no. Ethella doesn’t know. what is an orphan I would never do that.”
“Chagall, all humans make mistakes. A lot of mistakes he didn’t even know about. Even so, you can think… …
Raphael spoke kindly.
“Isn’t it because someone has already forgiven you?”
Chagall shuddered.
‘ why?’
Is Archbishop Raphael saying the same thing as Raiden, the leader of the Grassleaf Circus?
Ethella looked back at Chagall.
‘Did I say that? It can’t be. I don’t even remember Chagall.’
no, maybe… … .
‘Maybe he really forgot.’
Because we always live in a lot of forgiveness that we don’t know about.
“Ethella, I’m sorry.”
Chagall kept apologizing at the door.
“Now let go of your anger. Let’s have fun practicing again like before. huh? I won’t look at you from now on.” Hearing no answer, Chagall lowered his head sullenly and turned around.
And that was the last one.
great purifier.
A new universe began, and it was the day after the fight between Chagall and Ethella.
Of course, there was no Chagall.
Ethella, who is training Yin-Yang Wave Fist, asked Raphael who was looking at the sky.
“Master, why are you like that? Your expression is dark.”
“I don’t know.”
My heart ached for no reason.
“It feels like something very precious has left us. however… … what is that
I don’t know.”
Nostalgia for the bottom case, powerful déjà vu.
‘What am I missing? There must be someone by my side… …
How has the world changed?

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 1160 - Five Systems (4).txt
===============================
Five Systems (4)
As a result, Chagall never met Raphael or Ethella during the Great Purification.
But bottom case.
La Enemy reconstructed false memories based on Chagall’s information up to the age of seven.
“Aye! Aye!”
La Enemie, who wanted to become a human, sought Chagall to awaken her sense of smell.
All the information injected into his memory from then on was clearly fake.
“Tia… …
And Leiden remained in Chagall’s memory as a vivid nostalgia.
‘Then I… …
What were you doing before meeting La Enemy?
The Karma management department was clearly putting the unknown answer in the smell.
Mumbling to myself in an unknown mountain, hugging a rock, struggling with my hands
look.
“ah.”
There was no one.
Having lived alone for more than 20 years in the memories injected by La Enemy.
“iced coffee.”
As if the screen had been split, Chagall’s false memories permeated the nostalgia.
It was the day the gang attacked the Grassleaf Circus.
“Captain! Tia!”
He found Tia among the numerous corpses and saw the face of Raiden, who had killed everyone.
He said.
“La Enemy.”
It was an area that was unthinkable at the time, but now Chagall suddenly realized it.
‘I knew.’
Even though he lived in false memories as if he was hypnotized, his sense of smell sensed something strange.
‘That everything is not true.’ Raiden jumped out.
“La Enemy!”
A quick-fire sword versus quick-fire sword battle unfolds, and Chagall kills his teacher, Raiden.
The real Chagall was finally able to know the true face of the person who was cold.
‘Raphael.’
Master.
One lesson that he passed on beyond the incident during his memory up to the age of seven was.
“Forgive me.”
all the things that ruined your life.
“Aaaaaaa!”
The real Chagall held his head and screamed.
‘Forgive me?’
Twenty-some years of life completely blown away, but I have to forgive it?
‘why?’
I also wanted to know why.
“Why should I forgive you? It’s not me who did anything wrong! Why should I take responsibility!”
Having received Chagall’s anger through chains, Ethella hurriedly controlled her mind.
“Calm down! If you run out of here… …
“Aaaaaaa!”
The moment Chagall, who didn’t even want to hear Ethella’s words, shouted, the smell of memories changed.
” ah??????
After killing Raiden in his memories, Chagall pursued La Enemie on the borderline between reality and dreams.
Perhaps it was inevitable that he met Raphael, still alive with the nostalgia of the incident.
‘strong.’
The immediate successor of the Yin-Yang wave realm drove Chagall, who had already become a world-class murderer.
Raphael clicked his tongue.
‘It’s Chagall. A terribly twisted one. He is a person who will become poison to the world if left alone.’
I thought so.
Even so, the reason I couldn’t kill him was the pain in my heart that I felt from the moment I saw Chagall.
‘I don’t know.’
What have you been through and what have you said?
‘I forgot.’
Like a bond from a previous life, like when I buried my face in my mother’s memento that I cherished.
‘Is that so?’
We will never know what happened, but Raphael embraced the being called Chagall.
‘Is that how it happened, Chagall?’ Raphael said.
“Wherever you go, the way back is behind you.”
The rapid-fire sword was driven into Raphael’s heart, and several knife cuts followed almost simultaneously.
“ha. ha.”
In the darkness without even moonlight, Chagall stared at the fallen body of Raphael.
Of course, Chagall’s skills were not clumsy enough to convince the opponent that he had taken care of them.
But it’s a strange feeling.
“Did they stop at the last minute?”
To see it as a mistake, it was a situation where one moment of judgment led to the loss of one’s life.
No answer was heard.
“It’s not a big deal… …
If only I had known that the words that endlessly circulated in my head would return like a boomerang like this.
‘What did you mean?’ Maybe Raphael doesn’t even know.
But if I could have suppressed the rage in my heart and had a little more conversation with him.
“You motherF*ckers!”
Chagall, his eyes bloodshot, inhaled the perfume as if he had sucked in all the air.
The memory of meeting Ethella, the memory of mistaking her for Tia, and the present.
“Why are you doing this to me!”
It’s a farmhouse.
Chagall’s rationality was completely burned by the anger of having his life completely manipulated.
“I will kill them all!”
Chagall is an acquired murderer.
“I’m going to kill all of them, leaving no one left!”
And he… … It was the evil of evil.
The door to the Karma Management Department opened, and the agents who heard the commotion came in.
Realizing that their comrades had disappeared, their faces twisted viciously.
“How dare you guys… … Kuck!”
The rapid-fire sword was pierced, and the vital points of the agents standing at the door were all pierced.
“Kiyi! Kiyi!” The power of the concentration of indiscriminate hostility towards the world on the agent was horrific.
“Chagall! No!”
Ethella desperately held on to the chain, but it was not enough to handle it.
“Huh!”
The chain slipped further from his chest, and Chagall broke through the door and ran into the hallway.
‘It keeps growing.’
As the action of the Taegeuk expanded, the chain connecting the two was infinitely longer.
‘What will happen if I go on like this?’
Ethella, who was about to step out into the hallway to grab Chagall, stopped abruptly.
‘Master.’
The answer to one question that has not left my head ever since I heard the news of his death.
‘You made a sacrifice, for Chagall.’ that’s the line
Ethella, who was still watching the chains slipping from her chest, gently closed her eyes.
‘I will follow Master’s will.’
After feeling the warmth of her stomach for a moment, Ethella opened her eyes and went outside.
His brain was in the opposite direction to Chagall’s.
Tormia and Southern Code One.
With Lai, the captain of the guard, escorting them, Shirone and Rufist arrived at the meeting place.
It was deep in the mountains, and the southern warriors were watching them with the eyes of beasts.
“Chief, Shirone is here.”
By directly mentioning the name, Rufist’s right to speak was lost.
“Nice to meet you. This is Shirone.”
The chief Ntara was an old man with a thin face, but the tribesmen who treated him were polite.
That alone gave me an idea of how the tribes of the south viewed life.
“Welcome, Yahweh.”
Even though Euntara did not get up from her seat, she had the ability to express her courtesy with just her voice.
“I heard you want to meet me. Why?”
Of course, Shirone was curious about something else.
‘How did you stop the flesh?’
Euntara said with a gentle smile as if she was reading her heart.
“I wanted to meet you once. They say that Yahweh seeks an integrated mental system.”
It felt like I was answering two questions at the same time.
“The reason why the south, which was underdeveloped compared to the rest of the world, was able to participate in the holy war was because there was little damage from the demons. Of course, that first-class contributor is a man named Gaold.”
There was a record of demons in the southern continent being helplessly swept away by his runaway.
“The height of a formidable human being. However, it is not possible to protect the huge southern area alone. We’ve also found a way that’s second to none.” Silver Tara strained her eyes. “Elicia.”
Shirone was listening.
“All the tribes in the south believe in different gods, and dance and sing all night long to worship that god. To put it in the language of civilization, to go into a state of trance and reach ecstasy at the end.”
“okay.”
Shirone knew what Ntara wanted to say.
“Elicia is a group dance and song made by all tribes in the south in unison. It is a technique that unites everyone’s hearts as one and changes the laws of the world.” Of course, it’s different from Ultima.
Using ecstasy is nothing more than an emotional integration that ignores each person’s individuality.
‘But maybe… …
I thought that this is the level of Ultima that mankind today can realistically perform.
“I will show you.”
Ntara turned her head to see the tent open and a group of people standing in the torchlight.
There were exactly 70 people.
“Elicia.”
As the man in the lead muttered, a low voice leaked out of 70 mouths at the same time.
“Ohhhh. Ohhhh.”
They bounced their upper bodies in a certain rhythm, but they bent down and stepped on the steps.
The ground thumped and thumped every time I stepped back and forth along the line of the cross.
While Tormia officials watched, Laiman grabbed the handle of the sword.
“Ohhhh. Ohhhh.”
How much time had passed, 70 tribesmen began to fall into a trance.
‘The law changes.’ I couldn’t see it with my eyes, but I could clearly feel it through the Spirit Zone.
‘Unless the mind is perfectly integrated, quantum phenomena don’t happen. After all, it’s in a trance state.’
As the steps became faster, a haze of bright light finally appeared in everyone’s eyes.
‘ signal.’
what kind of signal
“after! under! after!”
The tribesmen who were running fast on the ground raised their heads at the same time and glared at the barracks.
“Kwaaaang!”
A huge beast with a haze of light flew straight towards Shirone.
‘I knew it.’
Despite the obvious hostile attack, Shirone just watched with an indifferent expression.
As if there was an intangible barrier, the vision of the beast was flattened like a coin in front of Shirone.
match! match! match!
Rai’s longsword was hanging from Ntara’s neck as she clapped at a slow beat.
“It is an act of hostility. You must kill them.” The reason why he couldn’t kill him right away was because Shirone’s ability was holding his long sword.
“The guards commander is right. But now… … I would like to hear a little more.”
When Shirone ran out of words, Rai drew back his sword and swiftly returned to his seat.
Euntara’s eyes bent like a seagull.
“Awesome. To block the Southern’s ultimate move, El Lykia. He is also a master of heart.”
“It wasn’t even that powerful.” Despite Shirone’s provocation, Euntara did not change her expression.
“It is. It’s just this much power. I’m sorry for showing off my clumsy skills.”
Luffist, who was worse than that, intervened.
“What do you want to say?”
“So what I want to say is that there are over 7 million tribal people in the south who can do this.” This time, even Shirone was thrilled.
“Would you like to know how I stopped my flesh? 7 million integrated. The power of the mind that comes from there. I want to give this power to you, Yahweh.”
Ntara pointed at Shirone.
“For a person who has mastered the art of the mind to use Elikia is like attaching wings to Yahweh. Ultima… … It’s far away in my opinion, but it means giving at least 7 million people as a gift with the ability of the south. However, before that, there is something I really want to ask you.”
“You mean what can you give to the South?”
Euntara laughed.
“Chuck! You’re more aggressive than expected. Well, it’s not a reasonable question. But you are wrong. There is no need to ask questions that have fixed answers.”
“Then what do you want to know?” After revealing an aggressive negotiating attitude, Tara rested her arms on the table and rested her chin.
“What are you going to do? With this power to offer you.”

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 1161 - Five Systems (5) 1.txt
===============================
Five Systems (5)
Green Ocean.
At the beginning of the elves’ stronghold, 300 angels arrived with the help of fairies.
Their faces were filled with fear of the unknown as they lost the asteroid.
‘Hmm.’
Crown, the king of the fairies, rested his chin on his chin.
‘It’s useless.’
I felt strange from the moment Uriel, the archangel of destruction, asked the fairy for a favor.
‘But I didn’t expect it to be this much.’
The fall of an angel to human status.
Receiving their help was over the water, but in a different sense, it was a good thing for the fairies.
‘To be the king of men. The biggest stumbling block on the way has disappeared.’
Besides, Yuriel is still alive, so depending on how you use it, it will be a great power.
‘If you take an angel as a hostage, even Uriel can’t help it. It’s important that he come out strong.’
Why can’t angels go to humans?
‘The spirit of a fairy does not change easily. Because it is the crystal of justice that has been accumulated over the ages. But angels are different. If God’s perspective is different, then neither are they.’
Of course, I still can’t believe that such a situation actually happened.
Uriel silently watched as the angels descended to the ground hesitated.
The corner of Crown’s mouth went up.
‘Of course it must be lamentable.’
Angels who have lost their standards are like children, so Uriel has to take care of them.
“Your request is complete. It was a wartime situation, so we had a hard time excluding the fairies.”
“… … Thank you.”
Even if he was the king of fairies, it was something he would never have been able to say in the past.
“But I am worried. Now that the angels have fallen to human status, they will need everything that humans need to survive.” You will need to eat something and get some sleep.
“Can you take care of me?”
“Of course it should. But I have a little problem… … . As soon as dawn breaks tomorrow, we plan to raid the elves’ stronghold. A sharp game is expected, so it is difficult for us to accept the departure.”
“I will fight.”
Crown called for joy inwardly.
“If I go to the battlefield, how many troops can I take out? Angel needs help. Until Satiel restores the Astral Body.”
Although he did not know the meaning of the last words, Crown viewed them negatively as well.
‘God’s justice has been shaken. Even if it’s an archangel, it’s already out of his hands.’
I thought so and replied.
“That is a difficult question. Yuriel-sama’s power is nothing compared to that of a fairy. However, considering the wartime, I think we can withdraw about 300 troops.”
1 fairy attendant for 1 angel.
It’s never enough, but right now, even one fairy was a pity for the angels.
“I accept it.”
“thank you. Joining Yuriel will be of great help. Hey, take the angels to the barracks.”
At the direction of the Crown, the leader of the fairies led his subordinates and led the angels.
“Follow us.”
The angels who lined up to the place where the headquarters of the fairies were located looked uneasy.
“Light… … Can you turn on the light a little more? It’s too dark for me to see.”
To them, who transcended time and space and ‘looked down’, the human vision was like that of the blind.
“I can’t turn on the light brightly because I’m at war right now. Be patient.”
“Yeah, yes.”
another angel said.
“My stomach is strange. It feels like pain. Call a fairy with healing powers.”
There was a growl.
“That means you are hungry. I will give you fruit, so please eat this.”
The angel who received the small fruit that the fairies eat was dumbfounded and waited for a word.
The fairy pointed to her mouth in frustration.
“Put it in your mouth and swallow.”
“Oh, yes. sorry. It’s the first time I try.”
A sigh came out from the sight of the angels eating the fruit with awkward movements.
‘I’ll be thrilled, really.’
It would be better to fight an elf than to take care of a superior who can’t do anything.
Suddenly the fairy raised a corner of her mouth.
“now! This is an easy place for enemies to spy on. So you’d better get down and go.”
“Oh yeah?”
Maybe this is a pretty embarrassing act, the angels looked at it.
However, now that the absolute standard of God had disappeared, there was no courage left to choose.
“Is that so, then?”
As the angels knelt down one by one, it was the fairies who were rather absurd.
‘Do you really do it?’
As if a prisoner who had been following the instructions of a prison guard for a lifetime suddenly went out into the world.
‘I can’t bear the fear of making my own decisions. So I’d rather have my standards…
The fairy grinned as she watched the angels recede.
‘Ho Ho! cool All the angels who always looked down on me are obeying my words, aren’t they?’
Fairy 4th class, Jin flew in.
“What are you doing?”
“Jin!”
There was anger on Jin’s face.
“Are you crazy? Even though the angels lost the Holy Light, Lord Uriel is still alive. Just do what you can handle.”
“sorry. I really didn’t know how to do it. i just… … I suddenly have a funny idea.”
Jin sighed.
Fairies are said to be mischievous because they do harmless evil.
“I know what you mean, but be careful. If the angels did that, then it’s our turn. We must not forget the reason Crown-nim wants to wage this war.”
“yes. sorry.”
When the anger drained from Jin’s expression, the fairy turned to the angels and said,
“It’s really scary. that there are no standards. Will we be like that one day?”
“I guess so. This is the reason Crown wants to become a human. There is no standard in human life from the beginning. Think endlessly and choose for yourself. A harsh environment where those who make the wrong decisions are eliminated, and only those who make the right decisions survive.” The fairy blankly opened his mouth.
“We should be like that too. The fairies’ future is at stake in this battle. Tell the other children not to play too badly. There is such a thing as “just in case.”
“Yes, Jin.”
As the two fairies followed the angels, Uriel finally stopped ‘looking down’.
I suddenly thought of this while watching the fairy play a prank on the angel.
‘Is this the reality of what happened to us? No, maybe this is also a predetermined fate.’
From the age of gods to the age of angels, from the age of angels to the age of fairies… … .
‘Finally human.’
The world was heading towards uncertainty.
Ymir’s depth layer 1.5.
In the virtual world created by Louver, Shirone was just looking at the sea.
It’s been a year since I arrived here, but maybe that day was a few hours ago.
Gaold and the others were standing behind Luver who was watching Shirone on the beach.
Now I know this place is a dream, but I didn’t even think it was a lie.
“It’s like finding the difference.” Louver said.
“When you look at one picture, it’s perfect, but when you compare the two, it becomes strange. The biggest problem is that I can’t tell which paintings are real.”
Sein asked.
“Isn’t the picture of reality real?”
“Yes, as long as it is human. But that is a story in real life. The reason you’re confused is because this place is perfect. None of the five systems that make up this world are incomplete.”
Louver turned around.
“Based on real people, logical rationality falls into Drimo, and illogical sensibility falls into the other world. These are called ideals and desires.”
The two are distinctly different.
“Dremo combines the two and sends necessary information to reality and unnecessary information to the Abyss. After all, reality is just a system to which a certain logic applies. Drimo is a buffering system that mediates that information.”
Sein said.
“That’s why time doesn’t pass.”
“Yes. Even if you’re an undercoder, it’s only slower than reality, but time flies. But Dremo is different. If information is not processed, time is not passing.”
Gangnan asked.
“How does information from the other world come to Dreamo?”
“It’s an undercoder. The REM area refers to a half-sleep, half-awake state. So, there are two ways to connect. Is it closer to sleep or closer to awakening?”
In fact, there is a difference between the two.
“The former fall asleep and wake up,
The latter is rather a state of being awake and falling asleep. Demons also sleep, but it doesn’t have a big impact on Drimo. Because they are weak. On the other hand, the latter undercoder is quite active. A huge amount of hidden code comes up.”
“Since the nature of the information is different, the passage is also different.”
“yes. In fact, an undercoder is just a channel through which information is conveyed. There are no managers either. Anyone can create a new world in it. If logical undercoders are exclusively for humans, most illogical undercoders are made by demons. Because it specializes in hidden codes.”
Louver looked back at Shirone.
“Reality is not everything. A battle is being waged on all five systems. If we go out like this, we will only die from Ymir’s avatar. I don’t know if Oh Dae-seong has revived the will to live, but… …
Shirone seemed unwilling to move.
“In reality… … I’ve had a really tough life. There is no will to dig deep into any thoughts. You have lost the driving force to move on your own. It wouldn’t be such a bad thing to be comfortable even if only in this dream.”
live here
None of the party had any particular complaints, but they still had lingering feelings for reality.
And that lingering feeling would gradually amplify and drive them crazy sooner or later.
Miro hugged Arius and said.
“Brother, I’m not giving up.”
“huh?”
“You said you were waiting. If I had really given up, I wouldn’t even be looking at the sea.”
Sein said.
“It could be. Then you… … What do you think that brother is waiting for?”
“Hmm.”
said Miro, lost in thought.
“dream.”
“haha! That’s a nice word. But this place is a dream. In fact, even Dad wouldn’t believe it.”
“I am waiting for my dream.”
Sein’s expression finally became serious.
“Why?”
“Because not being able to do anything means having nothing. That brother is empty. To refill, he has to draw from something other than himself. what could do that? I have only dreams.”
The group was dazed.
All of them were thinking of a labyrinth in real life, not a nine-year-old labyrinth.
‘Dream and reality. What is it that the real picture remains intact?’
Sein stroked the maze.
“I heard it and it makes sense. Yes, right now I can only dream.”
Louver brushed his beard.
‘dream. It’s a dream… … . no way?’
Shirone has someone else’s dream, not her own.
Gangnan asked.
“What dream are you waiting for? Dream of meeting your lover? A dream of the world you wanted?”
Louver opened his mouth.
“perhaps… …
If it’s passed down like that.
“It might be the dream of a single flower.”
Demon Sword Armand.
The face of a man who had the biggest dream and the people who loved him came to mind.

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 1162 - Twilight (1).txt
===============================
twilight (1)
‘Is it still far?’
Huge in size, stretching from galaxy to galaxy, Ymir was lost in thought.
It’s so huge that it’s farther than light, and even the blink of an eye can exceed the speed of light… … .
There is no gravity.
‘That’s the problem.’
The result of unlocking the ability of the giant to the end to prevent the neck and limbs from being torn.
‘Even the smallest particle that can be called matter has been cut off. It is difficult to give strength in this state.’
It can be done nonetheless.
As long as the 10 billion Gaian Ultima define him as Ymir.
“Big!”
Little by little, power began to enter certain parts of the body that were only made up of signals.
‘Something like a planet… …
The power-defining signal spread over 30 percent of the body, but escape was far off.
‘Damn it. Take it, take it.’ The moment it touches the signal of power, the pentagram planet will crumble like dust.
‘I only need to break one.’
So 30 percent is a realistic number.
“Quack.”
Like a miracle, it may be released now, or it may take longer.
‘wait.’
That, too, would have been in the not-too-distant future.
It has been three years since I started living in the world of dreams created by Louver.
That was their idea, of course. Shirone was still looking at the sea, and the days when Gaold and the others came were rare.
The only thing that has changed lately is that her hair has grown little by little and become longer.
At that time, Gaold’s party had a heated discussion, but they couldn’t find a satisfactory answer.
Louver said:
“Growing my hair must mean that I have begun to accept the time of my dreams. But still not sleeping or eating. Nobody knows. No one will know what state Oh Dae-sung is in.”
Maybe even Shirone herself. Only the sound of waves repeated every second seemed to tell Shirone a story.
and at some point
“ah??????
Shirone’s mouth opened again after 3 years.
Gauld and his party, who were engaged in their livelihood, were not here, but Louver was astonished to faint.
Monga shouted.
“Did you hear? A little while ago, Oh Dae-sung… … !”
” Shh.”
Shirone got up from her seat and moved slowly, pointing at the vast sea.
“Ymir… …
Louver followed Shirone’s fingertips with his gaze.
People in dozens of small boats were rowing their way to land.
“Unbelievable.”
The 1.5th floor created by Mongols is impossible to penetrate even if you are the owner of the spirit.
Mongah’s voice trembled.
“no way… … is it pierced? There are 100 people.”
“It seems so.”
What Louver overlooked was that the owner of the dream was Ymir, who had an Ultima.
“We need to get away quickly!”
Louver shook his head without taking his eyes off the sea.
“calm down. It is true that the boundary of the 1.5th floor was breached, but Ymir did not enter. Even an Ultima cannot infiltrate the minds of others at will.”
“But why?”
“but… … The intensity of persuasion is enormous.”
When 10 billion people vote in favor, can the remaining one resolutely say ‘no’?
“But Louver-sama is also strong.”
“okay. that’s the result It seems I was persuaded by a very minute difference.”
Only then did Mong-a’s eyes change.
“What is the mechanism of persuasion?”
“sympathy. It’s about acknowledging and accepting this world. 10 billion people passed the bill… …
“That’s 100 people who came in.”
It was I per 100 million Ultima, but it was undeniable that the 1.5th floor had been breached.
“Let’s go and see.”
As Louver headed toward the sea, 100 Asians in pigtails landed on the beach.
leader instructed.
“Find out the number of people.”
“We currently have 100 people. A total of 132 people dropped out.”
Louver asked.
“Who are you?”
The leader said as he walked out on the sandy beach.
“We are the Tamo organization. Traveling the world trafficking weapons. I lost my men because the ship was wrecked.”
‘wreck.’
It was a system parameter.
“Looks like a good place to live. I can get my share right.”
Louver’s eyes narrowed.
‘They are the ones who compromised with my world, so they won’t be able to install it as they please. But that gait is definitely… …
It was a combat program.
‘If they expand their power, do you mean they can destroy this world from within?’
Deep is the realm of the unconscious, and Ymir’s instinct seemed to know how to win.
Louver, who was watching the Tamo organization enter the city, finally looked at Shirone.
“See you in three years. how are you?”
There was no answer.
‘also… … There is still no will to deep thought. But this is definitely a trigger.’
The proof was that he moved his body.
‘To accept this world more. From now on, you will have to eat. They’ll age too.’
Shirone may have known.
‘Ymir’s mind has been invaded. The world created by the compromise of everyone in the party has cracks.’
compromise is broken
‘In a word, I’m not satisfied. The change of the five saints is also a response to him.’
Because change comes from dissatisfaction.
Therefore, as the power of the Tamo organization grew, Shirone and the others would awaken more.
“Oh Dae-seong, would you like to go home? If you like the sea, you can stay here.”
“no.”
There will be no need to cling to the sea any longer.
“Go home.”
3 months later.
Shirone was entrusted to Sein’s house.
“Oh Dae-seong threw himself into the open sea. It drifts endlessly and waits for something to arrive. Please watch with patience.”
Those were Louver’s words.
Sein, an architect, worked mainly from home, while Miro went to school.
“It’s cheap, it’s cheap.”
And Gaold was selling the fish Gangnan caught from the sea at the market.
His place of work was where a maze-like path stretched under a building built like a fortress.
“Buy freshly caught fish.”
Gaold, who was watching people pass by under the murky neon sign, slammed his cleaver.
“Patience. There are no guests.” I smoked a cigarette and lit a light, but I heard a familiar voice from under the aquarium.
“It is because I smoke. Which customer buys fish prepared by smoking hands?”
It was Miro, now twelve years old.
His bright face still gave the impression of being young, but he was tall and his chest was quite prominent.
“Where are you looking?”
Ga Old, who sucked in a cigarette with tired eyes, said while spitting out the smoke.
“why? Can’t I see it?”
“what? Are you sane?”
Gaold chuckled.
“You know it because you heard it from your father. Not here, but in another world, it was like that with you and me, right?”
Miro stuck out her tongue.
“Who do you think would believe that? Shirone oppa didn’t say anything’?”
Gaol?d smiled bitterly.
Why did Miro want to live in this world without all his memories?
“And you don’t like that man? We’re over 30 years apart, but we’re talking about strange things. Ugh, gross.”
Still, Miro visited the store every day.
“Take some meat. That guy, I don’t know if he serves the rice properly.”
As Gaold smoked a cigarette and cut off the head of the fish, a shadow fell over the chopping board.
“Hey, how’s the business going?”
Gaold only raised his eyes in that state.
‘Tamo organization.’
It was a gang that came into the city three months ago and took control of shops in the alleys before anyone knew it.
“Can’t you see?”
Let’s hand over the currency. When the organization member counts the money
said.
“know? Stores that have joined the merchant union will receive a 10% increase starting this month.”
“Don’t do that. plaguy… … In a shop that is not doing business
Giving 10 percent more was a big blow.
“know. It just means be careful.” The gang member stuffed the money into his pocket and pinched Miro’s cheek hard as he left.
“ouch! wanna die!”
“haha! Do you like it very much? Growing up, I’m going to walk around with a lot of men.”
“That… …
Gaold dried.
“Arthur. You can’t even pick out a bone if you rush at it. Get this and go home. Dad will wait.”
“Aren’t you angry, uncle? Giving half the price of the fish that Aunt Gangnan worked so hard to catch?”
“There is a world that you do not know about.”
If you go into the dark alleys of the market, there are many shops without even signboards.
‘Arms smuggling site.’
Even if you rob one place, the merchant union would be able to get a weapon to fight.
“Uncle, peck! fool!”
As Miro ran down the alleyway, Gaold extinguished the cigarette in his hand at the fish’s eyes.
“… … Who is not?”
Dreams and reality, no matter which one is real, if you dig a well, you will be able to achieve something.
‘I don’t know.’
Gaold was still lost on the line between reality and dreams.
‘It’s not my fault.’
Prior to the arrival of the Tamo organization, all that was perceived as a dream was the world of reality.
‘I get headaches sometimes. The events of reality penetrate into my head like a shove. Furthermore… …
Even the emotions were vivid.
‘ maze.’
I want to hug you right now
If she hadn’t looked like a twelve-year-old child, I wouldn’t have been able to contain my emotions.
“… … I will be thrilled.”
“idiot! sea anemone! fool!”
Miro, who came back to the house, slammed the door and shouted loudly.
“dad! I will avenge you!”
“plural?”
Sain, who was looking at the blueprints, took off his glasses and sat back in his chair.
“The Tamo Organization! They ignored me!”
“I told you not to go to the store. It is not a place for children to play.”
Sain held out his hand to take the fish, but Miro threw it into the trash can.
Arius licked his lips with regret.
ok
“Don’t eat this. That man, he’s trying to court me. How sinister are the eyes looking at me.”
“Things like that happen, too. Let’s say what you say is true. But why do you go every day?”
“huh?”
Miro rolled her eyes and protested.
“that is… … What can I say? Do they look like teeth that are about to fall out? Even though I don’t like it, I still want to touch it.”
Sein couldn’t say anything.
“Oh right. I mean revenge. I have a good idea. I have done great things.”
Miro, who hastily changed her words, went into the room and brought a glass marble.
“What are you going to do?”
“Dad, look closely. You will be surprised.” Miro, sitting on the floor, held out her hands for her glass marbles that lay on her floor.
“Ugh, that’s not going well. again… …
Sae-in’s eyes, who were just watching her daughter do it, suddenly opened wide.
“do! Dad, can you see this?”
The glass marbles hadn’t even been touched, but they slowly began to rise into the air.
The feeling that this is not something we compromised penetrated Sein’s mind.
“maze!”
“It’s a surprise!”
The marble fell, and Sein, who ran to Miro, grabbed both of his shoulders and shook him.
“Where did you learn this? How did you do it?”
In all my 12 years of life, I had never seen a father with such a scary expression.
“I just… … Because it looks fun.”
“say!”
“Poetry, Shirone’s older brother taught me!” As soon as she finished speaking, Sain spurred her up the stairs and went to the attic on the second floor.
“Shirone! you… …
Sain froze in the open position, and Miro, who arrived late, looked up at the ceiling and smiled.
“wow.”
All the objects in the room were floating in the air around Shirone, who closed her eyes.

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 1163 - Twilight(2).txt
===============================
Twilight (2)
Arius said.
month!
In the midst of the gathering of three families, the object floating in the air slowly fell.
“sorry.”
Said Shirone, who slowly opened her eyes.
“I taught you. There is nothing wrong with Miro. Don’t be too angry.”
“What the hell did you do? objects flying through the air psychic
Are you?”
I actually knew.
‘The ability I saw in my dream.’
No, these were incidents that were forcibly etched into my brain even when I was awake.
The maze blocked Sein’s way.
“My brother did nothing wrong. It’s just that he saw my brother do it and I imitated it.”
‘Did you just watch?’
Sein’s mind went blank.
‘Is it like that?’
Louver said their condition was to find the wrong picture without knowing which one was the original.
‘There are two different worlds. But we can’t believe any of it is real.’
However, in the dream, Miro was a seeker with the deepest thoughts among mankind.
‘Shirone and Miro can’t go on like this. Something is awakening them.’
Sein said.
“Let’s go to Gaold.”
“I’ve been.”
Gaold opened the door, threw the house keys and cash on the table, and took off his shirt.
“I’m here?”
Kang Nan said while receiving the clothes.
“How are you today?”
“It’s the same. I didn’t earn much because it was a payday. Those guys were secretly threatening me.”
Gangnan never criticized Gaold for his poor business skills.
“It will be fine. The Merchant Union is moving. Sooner or later, you will be joined by the Tamo organization.”
Gangnan was a member of the merchant union.
“I’m going to rob the weapons warehouse and hit the hideout. The number is much greater than us.”
“red! What are these guys… …
“Don’t be so. Everyone is fighting for their right to survive. We are not in a different situation.”
“Because they are everything in this world. It’s not like finding the wrong picture like us.”
“okay.”
Gangnan laughed bitterly.
“In the dream, we were really cool. But I cannot live in a dream forever.” Kang Nan hugged Gaold’s waist.
“Why are you doing that? Weren’t you meant to live? At least until Miro becomes an adult… …
“stop.”
Gaold was sorry.
“It’s not like that. Sorry. I’m a bit confused too More and more these days”
The intensity was the same.
“I know what you think. sometimes… … anxious Aren’t I becoming a burden?”
“It’s a burden.”
Whatever the real painting, Kang Nan was the most precious person to Gaold.
That moment when Gaold and Kang Nan’s eyes meet, and their lips draw closer.
“mister!”
Kicking open the door, the maze entered.
“Oh!”
She blinked as she noticed Gaold and Kangnan drifting apart.
It was a complicated feeling, but the girl smiled playfully and said.
“what? Uncle and Aunt Gangnan… … Ugh!”
Sein hit his head.
“Didn’t I tell you to knock when entering someone’s house? It’s like a thunderclap. Apologize quickly.”
“Whose house is this? aunt?
I’m here.”
Miro came running with her arms wide open, and Kang Nan smiled and hugged her.
“okay. What’s going on at this hour?” In reality, they are like dogs, but Miro doesn’t know that, and Gangnan lives with Gaold.
It’s a perfect compromise.
“Mr. Louver?”
Lately, Louver and Mong-ah have not been seen, but there is not much to find for them either.
“Not here. What happen?” As Sain turned to Shirone, Gaold opened the lid of the beer and said as if toasting.
“Are you here, Mr. San?”
Gangnan hit him on the side, but Shirone’s expression didn’t change as always.
“hello.”
Sein said.
“I came here because of an accident. Something seems to have happened to Shirone and Miro… … We need Mr. Louver.”
“What is it?”
“Shirone, can you do it here?”
When Shirone hesitated, as if he was reluctant, Sain came over and rubbed his shoulder.
“are you okay. I don’t mean to be angry. I’m trying to help you. Try it here.”
“Yes, then.”
Gaold chuckled as Shirone took a posture with both hands forward.
“What? Is it magic?”
The moment he finished speaking, the beer bottle in his hand floated to the surface and flew to Shirone.
Miro shouted while Gaold and Gangnan opened their mouths with bewildered expressions.
“Aunt, aunt! I can do that too!”
Gaold looked up at the beer bottle Shirone sent back for a long time.
“what? shit.”
“They both woke up.”
Mona said.
On the twilight shore, they turned toward Gaold’s house.
“I found the hidden code with Immortal Function. It’s a storm after the Tamo organization came in.”
“Well, Oh Dae-sung denies the 1.5th floor. It’s like embodying the feeling of reality in this world, right? Mr. Miro saw it and realized the same thing.”
Mongah said worriedly.
“If the compromise starts to break down like this,
The 1.5th floor will eventually be destroyed as well. You have to keep an eye on the changes between the two… …
“Watch Gaold. Because he will decide whether the 1.5th floor exists or not.”
“yes’?”
Mongah tilted her head.
“Are you the most disoriented person? This way, everything seems to be shaking.”
“Because it is human. It fluctuates endlessly, but once you make a decision, it becomes everything.”
That’s why it’s a prudent.
“If Oh Dae-seong, Miro, and Ga Old collide in reality, I don’t know who will bring it through. It’s not because it’s thin. It is an unimaginable result.” Mong-ah asked with a serious expression.
“What if Mr. Gaold wakes up?”
“maybe… …
Wouldn’t it be a mess?
Gaold sat on the couch and drank a beer.
“Great, cool.”
Arius was lying on the rug, and Shirone and Miro were spinning with their toys floating in the air.
“Hmm.”
Sein at the table said to Kang Nan.
“In three days, the quantity will be correct. The problem is the number of people. How about the Merchant Union?”
Kang Nan looked at the design of the bomb.
“I guessed up to 300 people. But the guards of the warehouse are armed with firearms. Are you really okay?”
“The first one doesn’t matter. If we take only the weapons warehouse, we’ll get firearms too. The Tamo organization will disintegrate.”
Miro intervened.
“Dad, I have a good idea.”
I had kept it a secret from Miro until now, but she already knew everything.
Like Shirone, he said that if you concentrate, you can feel what is happening inside the house.
“You don’t interfere.”
Even so, Sein had no intention of attracting his daughter.
“Don’t do that, listen. Isn’t throwing a bomb a problem for now? Enemies shoot. therefore… …
Miro received the toy Shirone tossed into the air and moved it to the table.
“This is a bomb.”
The toy that was slowly flying through the air landed on the table between Sein and Kangnan.
“pop.”
Sein’s pupils shook.
“how is it? You can blow up a warehouse without getting shot this way, right?”
Silence has arrived.
“Arthur.”
Gaold said.
“This is no kid’s game. You can’t fight just by moving things.”
Miro was hot.
“What do you think you know? While getting hit by the Tamo organization. You honestly don’t even have the courage to fight, do you?”
Sain asked, watching Gaold drinking beer as if avoiding an answer.
“Are you sure you won’t?”
“I will not.”
“why?”
Gaold’s hand pointed at Shirone.
“Are you guys stupid? can’t you see this? You use strange powers. But you’re just going to throw a bomb?”
“… … What do you want to say?”
“Find the wrong picture. Doesn’t this make it clear which one is real’?”
this world is a lie
“Leave the Tamo organization alone, they will end this world. Then we will wake up too.”
“Maybe. But as you say, if that place is real, we die. Besides, for you, reality must be a nightmare that cannot be compared to ours.”
A life struggling at the limit of pain.
“I will not live even a minute. It will be a terrible pain. Are you willing to risk everything to meet Miro in that short moment?”
“okay.”
Miro’s head turned to Gaold.
“Just once before I die… … I don’t mean this. To be precise, anything that includes a maze. You, Gangnan, and Shirone too. Anyway, this is not my world.”
“I can’t do autumn.”
Louver said.
“Pain is a measure of how clearly you feel this moment. I don’t care about the pain that has already passed. The thought of wanting to go back to that time becomes nothing the moment you face that reality.”
“okay.”
“Real pain is what has already happened. But when there is a choice, man never chooses pain. Of course, there are cases where people push themselves into suffering for the sake of their own development. But Gaold can’t. The suffering he has to endure transcends the category of living things.”
Gaold said.
“so… … I don’t really want to care The Merchant Union and all, to be honest, it’s enough to just leave it alone. I won’t do anything.”
Miro shouted.
“Disappointed! Mister, did you say you like me? But I hate cowards!”
Gaold drank his beer.
“well. I don’t know if you grow old and become an adult, but I’m not interested in children.”
“You are an idiot! idiot! Well at the end!” That night.
It was getting late and Sain, who was sleeping at Gaold’s house, woke up with an ominous feeling.
‘Unlucky nightmare.’
Maybe it was a common daily life in reality, but Sein defined the dream as a nightmare.
“Are you sleeping well?”
Thinking that this world was at least better, Sain went to the room where Miro was sleeping.
and the moment you open the door.
“Gaold!”
The house roared.
After 10 minutes, Kang Nan put a cold weapon on his belt and muttered seriously.
“30 bombs are gone.”
Shirone, Miro, and Arius left, and they were crazy, or young, or animals.
Sein, who had finished his armament, asked.
“Can I call the merchant union?”
“I don’t know. It’s questionable whether we can summon right now, and above all, the timing of the appointment is different… …
Just as Gangnan was about to insert the knife into his boots, Gaold came and grabbed the knife.
“what are you doing?”
Instead of speaking, Gaold hurled the knife at the wall in front.
right!
With half of the blade stuck, Sein and Kangnan looked at each other with frowns.
“To be stupid.”
Sein said.
“what? Miro is still young and Shirone is crazy. We need help.”
“okay. The maze is gone.” Recalling the feeling of trying to kill even a god, Gaold pulled out the knife.
“The market economy and the existence and destruction of cities, it is not okay to approach it with such soft thoughts.”
Gaold drew his knife and turned around.
“Do you know what you guys are fighting for? Don’t nag and follow me. Just go and find it.”
Kang Nan-eun and Se-in realized.
‘It was.’
Gaold fights for himself.
‘But we…
As if possessed by something, she had always been looking at his back and running all the way here.

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 1164 - Twilight (3).txt
===============================
twilight (3)
Arriving at the port, the domain of the Tamo organization, Miro hid behind a container.
“Arius, see how many there are.” month.
Originally clever, but lately Arius seemed to understand human speech.
Behind the box containing 30 bombs, Shirone sat with a nonchalant expression.
“Brother, if we rob the weapons warehouse with our abilities, the adults won’t have to get hurt.”
WO ” ……Huh.
The reason he was able to move a box weighing hundreds of kilograms was because he had supernatural powers.
Arius, who had returned from patrolling the surroundings, gave a small bark.
“Let’s go, brother.”
The two people who grabbed the bomb box again activated their psychic powers at the same time and moved.
Among the approximately 20 weapon warehouses, the least guarded location was their target.
‘There it is.’
Two members of the Tamo organization armed with firearms were guarding the entrance, and a guard was seen on the spire.
‘That’s the problem.’
Miro said to Shirone.
“Brother, I’m going to go up and push him away, so you drop the bomb. can you?”
she doesn’t waver
“… … Dangerous.”
“are you okay. Dad would know by now. The merchant union has no choice but to move. Adults will pack their weapons while luring the enemies back to their stronghold. Of course, I will finish in it.”
Arius groaned and cried.
In the maze of reality, Geukseon was a person who would do anything to protect something precious.
‘Because I’m the strongest, I have to do it. If adults act, there will be deaths.’
Of course, her life was in danger, but if the hypothesis was correct, it would be possible.
“I’ll go. please.”
As the maze moved, Shirone sluggishly checked the location of the weapon warehouse.
‘Should I do it?’
I don’t want to think about why.
I don’t remember, but it seems that I decided to accept the world in the most passive way.
‘ why?’
The feeling that life is important enough to be everything, but I don’t want to dig deeply.
Shirone silently sent 30 bombs towards the weapons depot designated by Miro.
“huh?”
The guard narrowed his eyes as he saw the shadow creeping toward the ceiling of the weapons warehouse.
“What is that?”
He watched with an incomprehensible expression, but suddenly opened his eyes wide and shouted.
“B……I”
The voice was trapped in the air curtain, and Miro, who climbed the spire, launched a physical attack.
‘Now!’
an iron heart
Because there is no hesitation, conflict, or anguish, even a 12-year-old body can defeat an adult.
“Ahh!”
Shocked from behind, the guard fell down the railing without even trying to do anything.
It blocked out the voice, but it couldn’t stop the muddy impact sound from hitting the ground.
“Who are you!”
The weapons storage guards turned in the direction of the sound and discovered the maze.
“Shoot!”
I couldn’t confirm that it was a child, but even if I did, it would have been the same.
The moment bullets rained down from all sides, Maze’s concentration soared to the highest level.
‘I didn’t tell my dad… …
Above her head, the incarnation of Guanyin with the face of a child rose.
‘ see.’
Let time split infinitely, and let the spirit of the labyrinth permeate all of that time span.
‘It’s all bounced off.’
Whenever Thousand Arms Guanshiyin’s hand moved like an afterimage, sparks flew in its place.
Ting! Ting! Ting! Ting!
After deflecting the bullet, she put on a painful expression.
“Ugh!”
Hwashin received the shock, of course, but she also felt that her palms had been pierced.
Tamo and the others were in a daze.
“what? bullet… …
At that moment, Miro shouted at Shirone.
“brother! now!”
The clear sound of safety pins being pulled was heard over and over again, and Tamo Tissue looked up.
“uh?”
The moment I confirmed that it was a bomb, no one said anything first and kicked out of the seat.
“Aww! damage!”
A roar erupted with sparks, and the weapon warehouse they were guarding opened wide.
“Success!”
Miro, who came down from the steeple before he knew it, ran to Shirone and Arius and said,
“Quick, move! That hurts so much!”
Of course, in dreams, physical force is applied on a different principle, but the strong power is the same.
“what’s the matter!”
As the Tamo organization rushed to the site of the explosion, the person who barely survived spoke.
“It’s a bomb! And that kid… … They deflected bullets!”
“What nonsense! Hurry up!”
The members of the organization were very nervous in that they were not just intruders, but that they were using firearms.
“brother! hurry!”
month! month!
After discovering their true identity, Shirone and the others ran straight to the headquarters of the Tamo organization.
Although he pushed his body with his superpowers, the mobility of the members of the organization was also above average.
“at there!”
The moment dozens of people pointed their guns at the same time, Miro’s heart sank.
‘ uh?’
Feeling like the bullet never arrived.
Looking back with a sense of incongruity, she saw Shirone, who suddenly stopped walking, and shouted.
“brother! Dangerous!”
The second shot started at the same time as the words were spoken, and countless sparks filled the maze’s field of vision.
‘you can do it.’
Shirone thought so.
Whether it’s 30 or 300 bombs, physics 7} 。} In the world of the nin mind, mass doesn’t matter.
The important thing is to be aware of it.
‘The speed is the same.’
The human eye cannot see bullets properly, but the mind’s eye can see them.
‘Catch it.’
As she thought, hundreds of bullets stopped in front of Shirone’s eyes.
“Shoot! Shoot!”
The gangsters fired bullets until the magazine was empty, then absentmindedly lowered their rifles.
“what?”
A black barrage spread in front of Shirone.
“Come quickly!”
Hearing Miro’s words, Shirone turned and walked away, and the bullets fell to the ground.
In the midst of being stunned by an incomprehensible situation, a man shouted as if he was unfair.
“look! I’m right!” Gaold and Gangnan arrived at the port.
Half of the Tamo organization pursued Shirone and the others, but the other half stayed behind to guard the weapons warehouse.
“damn! What are they doing?”
“I know who you are. Myra is a bitch. She is the daughter of Sein. She’s an unlucky girl.”
“Damn it. If you just get caught… … !”
Before he could finish his words, Gaold jumped out of the container and thrust his dagger into it.
“who is this!”
As the gang member turned around and fired wildly, the body of his comrade became a beehive in an instant.
Gaold had already left and cut the back of the enemy’s neck with a knife.
“Ouch… …
Enemies heard gunshots and ran.
“It’s an invasion!”
In a situation where his life was at stake, Do Gaold calmly entered the warehouse.
“receive.”
Gangnan received the heavy rifle with both hands.
“Do you know how to write?”
Even in what is called the real world, I knew nothing about guns.
“I don’t know.”
Gauld, fully loaded, stepped out of the shed and pulled the trigger, causing a hail of bullets.
“shit! shoot! Shoot!”
The container was punctured by the enemy’s counter fire, and several shots grazed the lobe of the ear.
Gangnan pulled Gaold away.
“it’s crazy? If you get hit there, it’s over!”
Autumn De, who had picked up a new rifle in the warehouse, said pulling the bolt.
“It’s the same with those guys. They say that if you lose momentum, you will die without being able to shoot.”
Gaold knows how to fight.
When he stood in front of the door again and sharpened his gun, this time there was no response fire.
Kang Nan suddenly remembered.
‘but… …
It’s not that I’m not the type to do it because I can do it.
“Hey, is this good?”
Having learned how to use firearms in real combat, Old picked up whatever he could and hit him in front.
“That child… …
Someone from the Tamo gang stood up on top of the crate with a bazooka on their shoulder.
As a trail of flames continued, a grenade flew into the warehouse door.
“damn??????!”
With a bang, the warehouse exploded, and Tamo Joe’s employees fired a ton of rounds.
“check it.”
Two lower-ranking members made their way through the haze.
“what? isn’t it?”
At that moment, two hands appeared like ghosts from behind the member and strangled him.
“Ouch!”
As Gaold knocked one of them to the floor, the colleague reflexively turned.
“hey! What happened… …
A blunt impact came to the pit of the stomach, and Kang Nan pulled his neck and hit him with his knee.
The man’s body fell backwards with a crunch and the sound of his neck bones breaking.
“Where is the maze?”
Gaold put the knife to the eye of the downed gang member.
“Go, Mr. Gaold! It’s me! Astor!” When I checked in the smoke, it was a young man who worked as a delivery man in the street.
“Where is the maze?”
The dagger that went into Astor’s left cheek passed through his tongue and protruded out of his right cheek.
“Hey hey! Mole, I don’t know! Do, the tongue ran away!”
did you leave already?
“Sal, save me! Mr Gaold! me… … save… …
“Asto, I mean. If you put up with it today and tomorrow doesn’t change, you have a personality that doesn’t fight.”
It’s annoying because it’s disgusting.
“Huh!”
Astor frantically pulled the handle of the handgun that had fallen to the floor with his fingers.
“But if you tackle my life… …
The moment Astor grabbed the pistol, he pulled the blade that had pierced Dega’s cheek.
“I’m just killing it.”
“Huh!”
The cheek was ripped apart, and the next moment the dagger pierced Asto’s neck and severed his spine.
“Ouch… … Gagging!”
Astor’s pupils went into convulsions all over his body, and he soon stopped breathing.
People、.
Gangnan patted Gaold’s back.
“I was going to kill you.”
“know. doesn’t care. I would have killed this guy anyway. What makes me feel bad is…
Gaold said as he brushed the blood off the blade.
“If you’re going to interfere with someone else’s life, you have to be prepared that you could end up killing yourself too.”
The smoke from the explosion completely dissipated as Kang Nan silently watched his back.
Dozens of gang members were pointing guns at them.
“… … damn it.”
It would take at least 20 more minutes for the Merchant Union that Sein had picked up to arrive.
“What are you guys? No, that doesn’t matter. What remains is a harsh punishment.”
The organizer shook his head.
“Bring the woman out.”
As gang members armed with rifles approached Kang Nan, Gauld’s expression crumpled.
“Run away. I will stop you.”
“What are you talking about? I will never be by your side… …
As if he had no intention of listening to Kang Nan’s words, Gaold charged towards his enemies.
‘This is why you guys can’t do it.’ don’t know how to fight
When Gaold cut off the start, thousands of things that had bothered Nan Kang were sorted out in an instant.
“Keugh!”
Gangnan ran to the side, and all guns were focused on Gaold, who was charging towards him.
Awesome gunfire.
‘Gaold!’
Feeling his heart stop, Kang Nan turned to where Gaold was.
“uh’?”
What Gangnan saw.
“Big
It was the figure of someone blocking bullets with his hair bleached white.
“Shoot! I mean shoot!”
The air curtain spread around Gauld deflected all the bullets.
Gangnan’s Pass was erected vertically.
“That… … what?”
In the dark sky, countless pupils were looking down at the ground.
“Kuaaaaa!”
Gaold instinctively pointed his five fingers in great pain.
air gun.
As air bullets of tremendous power were fired continuously, the enemies in front exploded like watermelons.
“Sah, save people!”
Members of the organization turned and fled, but in the end were only torn apart by bullets.
“Big!”
As Gaold, who was in a state of shock, knelt down, the pupils of the night sky faded away.
Gangnan realized.
“Awakening.”
The more the ability of reality is opened, the weaker the 1.5-layer defense wall is bound to become.
‘And outside… …
Ymir was waiting to devour this world at any moment.

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 1165 - Twilight(4).txt
===============================
Twilight (4)
Kang Nan approached Gaold.
” are you okay?”
With his eyes wide open, he seemed to have suffered a great psychological shock.
‘It has to be.’
Gangnan doesn’t know Gaold’s pain, but he knows how great the gap between imagination and reality is.
‘The pupil must be Gaia’s Ultima that Mr. Louver said. Gaold was defined in an instant.’ With pain that humans can’t bear.
“hey! Is everyone okay?”
Sein came running with the Merchant Union.
“Did you really do it?”
Merchants were surprised by the destruction of the weapons warehouse, but Sein’s expression was serious.
“That eye… …
“okay. Merchants can’t seem to see it. the compromise is broken Shirone and Miro awaken… …
It was Gaold’s turn.
Sein watched Gaold for a long time as he lay there still dazed.
‘Is that how it happened?’ If the real world was true, then I could guess why fall would not happen.
‘It must be a great fear.’
Gangnan said.
“The more we wake up, the more the world collapses. Ymir is still targeting us.”
Should I have done nothing?
“let’s go.”
Gaold stood up.
“You don’t have to think too deeply. I need to find Miro first. He must have gone to his home base.”
Gangnan asked.
“Are you okay?”
Can I awaken again?
Even Gaold himself wasn’t sure, but he didn’t stop.
“My awakening means that Miro and Shirone’s condition is different from what we know. I can get it.”
Kang Nan felt a faint nostalgia.
‘That kind of person.’
Forgetting is also an ability.
‘A person who erases even the pain he can never forget from his memory and runs.’
It was a human extreme.
The headquarters of the Tamo organization was a four-story building.
Bullets rained down on the 2nd and 3rd floors, and the maze bounced them off with abilities close to divine.
‘I’m getting a sense of it.’
Instead of simply bouncing, he returned the bullets and counterattacked the enemies.
“damn! What the hell is that?” Those who pursued them in the harbor fired from the rear, but were unable to penetrate Shirone’s abilities.
couldn’t
Miro gained confidence.
“Okay, brother! We’ll keep going like this!”
“These children… … !”
One member of the organization who couldn’t win in a minute pulled out the safety pin of the grenade and threw it to the ground.
“no!”
The officer shouted, but the grenade was already flying towards the maze in a parabolic arc.
“Oh yea!”
Thousand Hands Guanyin snapped it off, and the grenade flew to the third floor and exploded.
“Aww! it’s annoying!”
Standing up on his own two feet in an impregnable realm, Arius grabbed his head and turned his back.
“What’s with that bastard!” The psychological attack was also considerable.
“Captain! This is annihilation!”
Looking down at the ground through the glass window on the 4th floor, Tamo carefully inspected the battle scene.
‘Use a strange ability.’
It seemed to bounce back sonic bullets and even extinguish the power itself.
“It is beautiful.”
His subordinates, who knew that Tamo was asexual, were surprised by the words that came out of his mouth.
‘ The captain… …
According to rumors, he was captured by the enemy when he was a mercenary.
They subjected Tamo to all sorts of torture and even removed her genitals.
Perhaps his brutal and superhuman fighting ability was manifested from then on.
“There are 100 people on the 1.5th floor, but not all of them will be the same program.”
Louver said.
“There must be a difference in combat level. And perhaps the leader, Tamo, is painless.”
Mona asked.
“You mean you don’t feel pain?”
“hmm. Such parameters must be applied. It was deformed in the first place, or it was an acquired accident. Anyway, the important thing is that Tamo resembles Ymir.”
Mongah rested her chin.
“Hmm, giants are neutral. Besides, this Mir is so strong that it cannot feel any resistance.”
“There is no sense of life. Its state can be inferred from Ymir’s demon. It is now extinct, but it is said that it was a very greedy existence.”
“It is a lack of desire.”
Louver nodded.
“It is impossible to even realize the sense of life except for an incredibly huge shock. So he wanders in search of a battlefield. With a sense that is so nervous that humans can’t imagine.”
Just like creatures mating.
“You can never go wrong. That’s why you can smell the battlefield perfectly. Also, this is… …
It was the reason Tamo was the leader.
the subordinate asked.
“If you are beautiful, who are you talking about?”
Tamo’s eyes turned to the maze.
“well.”
Then, after looking at Shirone again, he went back to his seat and started to arm himself.
“Everybody get out.”
“yes?”
“I’ll take over here, so go out and fight. It looks like the Merchant Union is coming.”
There was plenty of room for that, but there was only darkness outside the window the subordinate looked at.
“How do you know? You could have given up.”
Tamo tapped his temple.
“persimmon.”
Miro stopped the incarnation.
“what?”
At some point, the fire stopped and members of the organization were escaping from the building.
“Are you planning to surround us?”
Contrary to expectations, they left the building site and left with the troops on the port side.
Miro suddenly realized.
“Oops! dad!”
Sensing the enemy’s plot, she tried to turn around when gunfire erupted from the fourth floor.
Shirone defended, but Tan-Hon appeared farther away than that.
Miro gritted his teeth.
“Tamo.”
Sitting on the window ledge, Tamo lowered her head, machine guns in both hands.
“What are you so surprised about? Are you here to kill me?”
Miro shouted.
“You bastard! Just touch Dad and Aunt Gangnan! I will really kill you!”
“Geuk, that’s such a sweet word.”
Tamo sticking her butt out from the 4th floor railing fell more than 10 meters and landed on both feet.
Shirone and the others’ expressions became blank.
“you… …
As is common sense, a normal human would have rolled on the ground or had a broken leg.
“So, do you feel like dealing with me properly now?”
A machine gun was heard.
“Let’s play hot.”
At the same time as pulling the trigger, the spirit of the labyrinth split the time infinitely.
‘joy! Anyway, on the subject of shooting a gun!’
Afterimage’s hand bounced off the bullet, and Tamo’s arms and legs rolled on the ground.
“uh?”
Seeing her move without even feeling shocked, Shirone and the others realized.
“That person… …
it doesn’t feel pain.
“Puhahaha! yes this is it! That’s it!”
Even if the evasion was slightly delayed, his head would have been pierced, but that was the proof that he was alive.
“I will catch it.”
Shirone activated the mind technique while imagining grabbing Tamo’s right arm.
“huh?”
Sensing that he was slowing down, Tamo turned around to see that his right shoulder was missing.
Let him, whose expression does not change even when he sees his arms stretched like rubber, move forward.
“Keugh!”
The mind’s skill is broken.
Tamo, who was crouching on the ground after two wheels rolled, stood up with a serious expression.
As I grabbed my stretched shoulders and pushed them with all my might, I heard a terrifying sound.
“Hmm.”
As he turned his shoulders around, he held out his hand, and the machine gun on the floor flew by itself.
“Uh, how… … ?”
“Aha, it was something like this.”
The corners of Tamo’s mouth went up wickedly.
“You can do this, right?”
As much as the members of the 1.5th floor compromised, his combat program was upgraded.
“Shall we play again?”
The machine gun fired fire, and before the gunfire could reach the Thousand Arms Guanyin, the bullets ricocheted off.
“ouch!”
Miro frowned at the level of power that was different from before and took a few steps back.
It was like being hit with a hammer.
“Dangerous!”
At the same time as Shirone collapsed while pushing through the maze, Tamo opened fire with a machine gun.
“Ha ha ha! Are you killing this?”
The bullet’s trajectory was greatly bent, and it flew simultaneously from the front, back, left and right of Shirone.
‘This??????
It was the same realm.
An engagement occurred one kilometer away from the headquarters of the Tamo organization.
“Shoot! Don’t back down!”
It was a Merchant Union and 70 members.
Bright spots like sparks were moving back and forth at a distance of only 70 meters.
“damn! Those guys!”
A gun is like a weapon that does not discriminate against the user, but in reality, the difference in experience was great.
Gangnan shouted.
“What do we do? The driveway is too narrow! Should I take a detour and take another road’?”
Then Gaold threw himself.
‘you can do it.’
The memory of the terrible pain was etched into his brain, but he did not hesitate.
‘Something like pain… … !’
Gritting his teeth and awakening, Ultima’s pupils appeared again in the night sky.
“Aaaaaaa!”
Let’s scream and fire the air gun, the enemy’s cover is destroyed terribly.
“crazy! What weapon is that?”
“Big uh… …
sick.
With only one second of awakening, Gaold crouched down and fell into a state of shock.
“Gaold!”
Sein, who caught Gangnan trying to jump out, gave instructions to the Merchant Union.
“Cover!”
Bullets rained down, and Sein, who threw himself to bring Gaold, gritted his teeth.
‘Damn it! Why Gangnan and I
am……’
can’t you wake up?
“I don’t want to break the compromise.” Louver said.
“It’s not that I don’t have courage. The problem is, if it was a compromise that was so easy to break, the 1.5th floor didn’t even exist this way from the beginning.”
“But Mr. Gaold… … Louver cut off Mong-ah.
“There are things that change over time, but there are things that are more consistent. Beliefs, obsessions, desires. Gaold is different from Oh Dae-sung or Miro. I do not understand this world, I just want to break it.”
for what you want.
“But it must be a great pain. No human would ever want to go through that kind of pain.”
“Of course it is. It would be impossible for Gaold to accept that pain again. But maybe I underestimated his desires.”
“Mr. Miro.”
“It cannot be defined. The self-amplified mind, the desire to carry it through. We cannot imagine how huge the labyrinth is in his mind.”
formidable.
“Truly formidable… … Isn’t that a human obsession?” “Gaold! Dodge quickly!”
Sein, feeling that the cover team’s firepower was weakening, pulled Gaold’s collar.
“Big!”
Gaold’s condition, in which the blood vessels throughout his body were squirming, was indescribable.
“Aaaaaaa!”
Gaold shook off Sein’s hand and jumped out to where the enemy’s guns were.
“That idiot!” In her hazy consciousness, she thought of autumn.
‘What do you know?’
He didn’t recall the memory of the pain that was still vivid in his mind.
‘Nothing happened.’
I don’t feel sick.
‘Of course it hurts again… …
The body that had already intuited the future screamed, but Autumn took another step.
into the realm of terrible pain.
‘I’ll save you.’
Sein’s voice calling him faded away and he saw dozens of gunshots.
Gaold smiled broadly.
“Wow, what a pain.”
air press.
The scenery vibrated briefly, and all of Tamojo’s staff were crushed all the way to the ground.
Miro, who had placed the double head of the Thousand-Handed Kannon on Tamo’s chest, frowned.
‘It’s very hard.’
It felt like hitting steel, and Tamo, who had been pushed back several meters, stood up with the machine gun on her finger.
“Good good. You mean you can do it here?”
“I got stronger… …
Tamo’s tongue came down long.
“I don’t even feel it. Did you think you could kill me with something like this?”
“Kkoaaaaa!”
Falling to the ground, Gaold cried tears of blood with his limbs twisted.
“Gaold! Wake! Gaold!” Just by looking at her face, I could tell that Sein shouted but couldn’t hear.
only pain
“Aww! Aaaaaa!”
Numerous eyes were watching Gauld.

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 1166 - Satan's Proposal(1).txt
===============================
Satan’s proposal (1)
The air press was far more powerful than the air guns Gaold had previously used.
“Turn it off!”
Terrible pain, a pain that even Gaold himself could not have expected came over him.
“Gaold! Wake!”
Unable to confirm any reaction, the trio looked at the sky with a tired expression.
There were Ultima’s pupils.
‘damn! Disappear quickly!’
As long as they define Gauld in their dreams, the memories of reality will be maintained.
Gangnan murmured.
“It got bigger.”
No, to be more precise, it went deeper.
Sein said.
“Gaold, calm down. I am slowly accepting this world. Come back to the 1.5th floor.”
“Huh”
It is unclear whether Sein’s words had any effect, but Gauld’s expression improved.
Accordingly, Ultima’s eyes in the sky also withdrew outside the veil of the world.
Not being able to move for a while even after the pain was gone must have been a mental shock.
‘I’m sure he didn’t know.’
No, you know it in your head, but you realize it the moment the pain strikes you.
How helpless are humans.
The leader of the Merchant Union inquired while examining the scene of the shock where even the blood had evaporated.
“what’s the matter? Could it be a bomb?” In a world without magic, what they could imagine was limited.
“Well, that’s how it is.”
While Sain was looking around, Gaold
He touched the ground and raised himself.
“let’s go.”
Her face, which had been fine just an hour ago, now seemed to have grown old.
Gangnan said.
“Gaold, not anymore.”
There was no answer.
“If we awaken our abilities, our world will collapse. No, you’ll go crazy before then.”
Even Gaold himself wasn’t sure if he would be able to step into the pain again.
“Can I forget this again?” Louver said.
“Humans make the same mistakes over and over again, but certain stimuli are etched into the unconscious. No matter how conscious you are, you will inevitably hesitate.”
Mona said.
“It’s called phobia.”
“A little while ago, Gaold’s abortion was a situation where Ultima’s eyes penetrated almost halfway. If the half is over, the initiative will pass to Mir.”
“Gaold’s getting stronger is also a problem. Tamo is awakened too. If the compromise continues to break, the 1.5th floor will eventually collapse. All that remains is annihilation.”
“There is nothing we can do. If I break the rules first, Ymir’s unconscious will infiltrate the 1.5th floor by any means.”
“I must believe in Oh Dae-sung.”
Louver was speechless.
It was clear that Cirone received a signal from the outside world when she activated 〈Firstborn’s Butterfly〉.
‘Oh Dae-sung in reality must have guessed about the outside world. Also about God’s point of view.’
However, knowing something in my head and actually coming into contact with it were completely different concepts.
‘It may not have been possible to analyze the signal, but the impact of breaking the closed world remains
Oh, there will be.’
Perhaps a huge futility.
‘That feeling was reflected on the 1.5th floor and I lost my will. On the other hand, deep inside, there must be an ember to rise again.’
Shirone, floating in the vast open sea, is eagerly waiting.
‘When a certain trigger is triggered, the fire revives terribly. The power to overcome the great emptiness… …
Armand might have it.
As for what was the better outcome, Louver couldn’t decide from a manager’s standpoint.
Kang Nan, who arrived at the headquarters of the Tamo organization, pointed to the inside of the iron gate and shouted.
“That way!”
Arius was lying on the floor, bleeding, and Shirone and Miro were in a hurry to escape.
“I-what is that?”
The Merchant Union felt an eerie chill when they saw Tamo’s unimaginable ability.
“hey! Are you going to kill me with this?” Bullets fired continuously in all directions were flying, bending as if ignoring inertia.
Sein realized.
‘You’ve awakened your abilities like a maze. Normal attacks won’t work against a guy like that.’
However, he didn’t want to awaken Gaold, so he rushed toward the iron gate.
“let’s go! We can win if we fight together!”
As the brave man stood in the forefront, the Merchant Union also passed through the iron gate and poured out an onslaught.
“okay! There is only one person!”
The thought that he might be able to win turned into a delusion in just three seconds.
“Ha ha ha! What’s going on?” Several bullets hit Tamo, but he didn’t even react nervously.
When he openly fired a machine gun at the Merchant Union, four people fell in an instant.
“Aww! It is a monster!”
With their backs turned, they ran and hid behind the wall, not having the courage to show themselves any more.
Gangnan shouted.
“Fight back! The attack works!”
“No, never.”
As she turned, Tamo stood crookedly and whirled the machine gun.
“Even if you have good weapons, war is done by humans. A man who is terrified is as good as dead.”
While Gangnan bit his lip, Miro and Shirone ran towards Sein.
“dad!”
Sein, who hugged Miro, sighed in relief and looked ahead again.
“Stand back. we’ll do it.”
“no! I mean that kid is very strong. I need help from Shirone and me.”
Miro was right, but the 1.5th floor would collapse if he continued to fight.
“Listen to what Dad has to say.” Before Sain could explain, Tamo loaded the machine gun and kicked the ground.
“Let’s see the end soon!”
The party scattered in all directions built a siege, but Tamo was not afraid.
The skirmish continued for some time.
The bullet pierced Sain’s knee, and Gangnan’s right arm was also splattered with blood.
“Keugh!”
And by the time 30 minutes had passed, no one was in a state to stand properly.
“Hi-Hi! Hee hee hee!”
Tamo, possessing blood all over her body, raised her head, savoring the pleasure of victory.
“what? is this only Are you trying to get angry? I’m still having fun… … huh?”
The center of the moon opened and something that looked like a human eye was blinking.
“What is that… …
Tremendous pressure pressed down on his body.
“Kuaaa!”
There was no pain, but the fear that his body would be severely damaged struck his brain.
Miro raised his head with a dazed face at Tamo’s scream for the first time.
“mister… …
Similarly, Gaold, who had been shot, staggered forward.
“Now it is. annoying.”
There was no change in the expression, but the nervousness of the face was similar to that of a demon.
“Dad, what happened to you?”
“Miro, Gaold… …
As Sein explained, Gaold struck Tamo in the face with his fist.
Tamo, whose jaw was turned, rolled on the floor, then came to his senses and jumped up.
There was fear in his eyes.
‘What is it?’
Like the pressure from before, I felt the shock that hit my brain from the blow.
“pain.”
Proof that you are alive.
“Ha ha ha! killing me! hey! you all… …
Before he could finish his words, a huge blast of air plunged his body into the ground.
Gaold screamed.
“Aaaaaaa!”
As the ground thumped as the air press exploded in succession, Maze stood up.
“Uncle… … Are you sick?”
Sein’s explanation was short, but Gauld’s transformation into a monster was a narrative.
“Kkoaaaa!”
His hair bleached from shock, the whites of his pupils went up, and blood spattered from his torn throat.
Tears flowed.
“stop.”
She couldn’t remember anything, but this question came to her young mind.
Why is that man doing that?
“Stop it now. Even if I do that, I won’t change. honestly i… …
Although I don’t hate you.
“Every time this happens, you are afraid of the uncle.”
Gaold, who cast an air press with all his might, was hit by a similar aftermath.
“Kkoaaaa!”
My limbs twisted spontaneously, and nothing came to my mind except the thought of pain.
Tamo, on the other hand, received the greatest stimulation of his life.
“Ha ha ha! more! more!”
Overcoming the strong air pressure, his body jumped up and convulsed.
Sein looked up at the sky.
“no.”
Ultima’s pupils were finally showing their true self beyond half.
“Big!”
As the compromise was broken, memories of reality began to flood everyone in Shirone and the others.
‘This is annihilation.’
With the thought of dying or dying, Sein turned his Iron Wheel towards the front.
When Tamo’s movements were slowed down by the power of the halo of the sun and moon, Gangnan flew away like a beast.
“Yaaaaa!”
The moment I hit Tamo’s side with my knee, a tremendous rebound force pushed her away.
“Keugh! You got stronger!”
Haze shimmered in Tamo’s body.
“Okay, let’s go to the end.”
The moment he hit the ground, his body disappeared and bullets rushed like a shower in the air.
While Gaold, Sain, and Gangnan were pincers attacking, Miro and Shirone couldn’t move.
“what’s this?”
The memories of reality rushed in, and the memories of dreams were mixed in a ratio of 5 to 5, creating confusion.
“mister.”
Miro realized.
‘I see. uncle is really me
cast……’
“Aaaaaaa!”
Gaold, almost unconscious, was feeding Tamo the air press.
“Weak! Weak!”
With the rules of the 1.5th floor completely broken, Tamo’s skills overwhelmed everyone.
“Oooh!”
In the end, Gaold, who couldn’t stand it, collapsed vomiting blood, and the maze blocked his way.
“Come on!”
I still don’t know what is real.
However, one fact that remained the same in both paintings was that it had to be protected.
“Gaold.”
The moment he heard the voice that had been blurring in his memory, Gauld’s head jumped up.
A barrage of bullets covered his eyes.
“Keugh!”
On the other hand, Shirone was confused as the memories of dreams and reality overlapped.
The ideal of protecting humanity and its meaning
It was a state mixed with futility that the car was meaningless.
‘You have to fight. Until the end.’
The thought that nothing would change, pulled Shirone’s will into the abyss.
‘I can’t fight.’
His mind was empty.
– A man… … .
At that time, someone’s voice that did not belong to him began to ring in his mind.
– there was.
My body became hot like fire and my chest started to swell as if my lungs were filled with water.
– A story I don’t want to tell anyone.
“Aaaaaaa!”
Shirone stopped the bullets fired at the maze with the skill of the mind.
– But in the end… … A story everyone will know.
The dream of someone who was so sad and so huge began to unfold in my head.
“ah??????
Shirone’s eyes loosen and she falls forward.
“maze!”
Gaold, revealing the demon’s face, blew the strongest air press on Tamo.
“Hahaha!”
Tamo’s body caught fire.
‘ sick.’
The process of the body being broken was clear.
‘live.’
He said, looking at Gaold, his bones compressed in half.
” I am… …
And again, half of the body fell to the floor and disappeared without even blood.
Woo woo woo!
The earth sank into a hollow, and from within it a tremendous pillar of fire shot up into the sky.
“damage!”
The moment Sein’s halo of sun and moon blocked the heat and shock, Gaold embraced the maze and rolled.
Gangnan sang joy.
“You did it! We did it!”
“No, it’s already too late.”
There were countless pupils in Sein’s eyes looking at the sky with a grievous expression.
“The world is collapsing.”
If the 1.5th floor disappeared, everyone here would be swept away by Ymir’s unconscious.
‘It’s over.’
When Sein closed his eyes, Miro went and looked down at Old’s face and said.
“mister.”
The girl’s lips touched her forehead.
“You can stop fighting now. I know enough about how you feel.”
Gaold’s expression was shocked, and Ultima’s eyes began to withdraw.
“He lives with me here. When I grow up… … I will become your uncle’s bride.”
It was a perfect compromise.

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 1167 - Satan's Proposal(2).txt
===============================
Satan’s proposal (2)
Jincheon Empire Sector.
Jin Kang, who was hit by the flesh of the kingdom of Moon, was in a cross-legged position, fighting the spirit of the ghost.
Although the body was already irreversibly weakened, the emperor’s coming was firm.
‘Cloud dragon.’
Jin Kang’s brow crumpled.
‘How dare you kill me?’ The servants who were lying flat in front of Jin Kang raised their heads at the cool energy.
“Oh, oh!”
Anchal’s eyes shone.
‘Aura of the blue dragon.’
A bluish energy rippled through Jin Kang’s body, and he heard a woman’s scream.
“your majesty! The demons are afraid! Give me a little more strength!”
The vision of the ghost was revealed in the blue energy, and Jin Kang finally opened his eyes.
Aaaaaaaaa!
At the vision of the ghost flying like an arrow, some of the servants fell back.
“Hey!”
The ghost, blinded by the resentment, turned away from them all and ran out.
“Cool!”
When Jin Gang vomited blood, Anchal supported him.
“Your Majesty, are you okay?”
“??????okay.”
Successful killing did not mean that the already damaged body could be restored.
” your majesty.”
“Don’t worry. Because I won’t die right now. I can’t miss a good sight because I’m a rook like Moonryong.”
Jin Kang’s eyes lit up.
“My daughter’s enemy. I will see with my own two eyes the sight of his kingdom being razed to the ground.”
Moon Kingdom Sector.
“Ahh!”
The cloud dragon went black, emitting a shrieking sound that could not even feel the dignity of the king.
“majesty!”
Convulsing his limbs, his face turned blue, revealing dark red blood vessels.
“This, this?”
“Reverse kill!”
“No way! Your Highness’ residence is a completely flawless shamanic defense zone! How the hell… … Gagging!”
The fortune teller collapsed, coughing up blood.
‘Damn it!’
The head of the Heavenly Gate realized.
‘It was an age that could not be stopped from the beginning. That’s why we forged an alliance with Kashan. If the backfire happened, it’s no wonder we can’t stop it.’
But it’s a contradiction.
‘It’s an unstoppable age. He even amplified the extreme bitterness by borrowing the power of Satan. But how does the reverse force kick in? The resentment that was stronger than this, the chief’s expression became calm.
“Jinjiang.”
Was it that much?
The astrologers of the Gate of Heaven shouted.
“Measures must be taken! At this rate, the flesh will spread and we will all die!”
‘To be immature. Will I lose my reason in the face of death even after studying the principles of the world?’
It’s already late.
” majesty.”
The head of the Heavenly Gate bowed his head to Moonryong.
“Sleep in peace.”
The moment I slowly closed my eyes after those words, blood flowed backwards from the inside of my stomach.
“Cheer up!”
more amplified flesh.
The head of the Heavenly Gate collapsed, and all who remained in the room were fed up.
‘I’m sorry.’
The head of Cheonganmun was on the verge of death and tried to understand the situation of Godo.
‘Why did this happen?’
A woman’s hateful face came to mind.
‘Uorin.’
everything according to her plan.
‘I didn’t believe in Theraze.’ power surge.
Just like a crime scene where no evidence can be found, only corpses were left in the Undragon’s habitat.
Kashan sector.
While Harbitz left the room, Uorin stayed up all night with Kido.
Kido asked.
“Jibakryeong… … Can I not put it on? Harvits might still be staying.”
Uorin, who had a strong drink in her hand, smiled as she twirled the ice.
“are you okay. I won’t be coming for a while. I think I found something much more fun than I did.”
On the one hand, it was bittersweet.
‘Is it really for the time being?’
I was worried that maybe Havitz’s new game could reverse the words I saw.
“ha. There are only a few hours left until morning.”
Uorin, who was looking at her reflection in the window, raised her glass as if toasting.
“It should be over by now.”
The Moon Kingdom’s sector would have been devastated.
“You were planning to overwrite the Moon Kingdom from the beginning, right?”
Sensing Kido’s mischievous gaze, Orin Wu smiled and turned his head.
“You covered it. The Moon Kingdom is the culprit, right? This is called winding good punishment.”
At the Code One meeting, the Cloud Serpent gave 10 minutes to design the strategy.
“I really didn’t even think about it. After all, the culprit will be the Moon Kingdom. They actually did it, so there’s no room for manipulation. Is there any simpler way than this?”
Kidou pursed his lips.
“Jin Kang was absolutely necessary for the reverse kill, and Paras wanted to see his reaction. It will be revealed in the morning The rest, I put in because I needed it.”
“Shirone would hate it.”
Pony, the king of Tormia, was also killed.
“are you okay.”
Wu Lin said.
“Creatures feel great sexual desire in situations where their lives are at stake. The instinct of breeding. If death rises to the bottom of your chin, you will gain energy that you didn’t have before.”
“So you’re going to put Shirone to death? Do you really think she thinks it’s love?”
“If you don’t define it, you’ll get what you want, Havits told me. That’s actually true. All failures in this world come from defining things.”
Kido thought.
If she didn’t define herself, wouldn’t she be able to make love with a goblin too?
Wu Lin looked out the window.
“Nothing like that.”
“Sheesh! Who said what?”
“It’s obvious what the goblins are thinking. To be honest, am I more on the side of hating you? A goblin wearing glasses and reading a book? Just thinking about it.”
“You are really cruel.”
“Huh, try your best. From tomorrow, my life is at stake. do you know If death comes to the tip of my chin, I might get a boost of energy that I didn’t have before.”
All the kings of the temple would have had their necks wrapped.
“What are you saying so hard? You can just ask for help. I am the captain of the guards.”
“no.”
Kido wasn’t offended by anything Uorin said, but his heart ached at times like this.
‘I’m not asking for anything.’
As if it doesn’t matter if an existence like you leaves me at any time.
Uorin looked at Kido’s sullen reflection in the window with cold eyes.
It’s a face that can never be called beautiful by human aesthetic sense… … .
‘ Intelligence.’
Eating people’s memories, Kido has a superior intellect than any scholar.
It was not an illusion that the translucent silhouette overlapped with Uorin’s face.
‘Why do you hate me?’ It may be because Kido’s appearance reminds her of her past, when she lived in the age of barbarism.
‘A savage age when eating and breeding was everything.’
but.
‘What’s different now?’
the next morning.
Even before dawn, morning newspapers spread throughout the capital of the Jive Kingdom.
“These beastly bastards!”
According to Rangi, who represents Arachne, there was a secret reception.
The problem is that it was a terrible SM party where one of the female guests died.
Rangi said:
“Most of the high-ranking officials in the temple believe in Satanism. But when you see what they do, even Satan shakes his head.”
The testimony was specific, and the authority of being the winner of the world beauty contest could not be ignored.
And she… … .
“My partner that night was Kish, King of Jive, the country that hosted the temple.”
It delivered a definite decisive blow.
Jive Sector.
“What, there are all these dogs! Ah, what is Rachne doing without taking care of a child like this!”
Aide Myron, who was hit in the face by Geese’s newspaper, hurriedly answered.
“Looks like I made some numbers. Shirone’s air. This is unexpected.”
It was written that Shirone, the Five Stars of the Ivory Tower, was facing this problem.
It was an unspoken pressure sent to the kings of each country.
“ha! Blood pressure rises in the morning!” Geese wasn’t stupid either, so he admitted that he couldn’t help it.
Myron took the appropriate attitude.
“sorry. But this will be the last one. I will fix it until the sun goes down.”
“late. The press conference is at 3pm. End in it.”
“All right.”
“I mean for sure. I have a lunch appointment, so I’ll be right there after that.”
“Are you Mr. Flew by any chance?”
“however?”
“Would it be okay? Like today’s article,
You have to maneuver well in this situation and say, “You are talking nonsense. How many people do I have lunch appointments with, and is that all shit? At times like this, if you don’t take care of yourself, you will be more suspicious.”
“but… …
“It’s on a different level from things like Rangi. I’m the Chief Secretary of the Magic Association. Do you think I’ll be ruined if I get caught? Tormia is also the last chapter. Nothing happened. don’t worry.”
Tormia Sector.
Flew, who had been closed for about two hours, sat down in front of the dressing table after removing the swelling with hot water.
The Jive morning newspaper was open.
‘This is what Shirone was aiming for. Gis is cornered. I need to wake up too.’
Applying toner, she looked at her reflection in the dressing table mirror.
Born as a woman, trained for ten years.
‘Before being a woman, you are a professional.’
He is the chief secretary of the Tormia Magic Association who sacrifices his life for the country and its people.
‘Let’s not complicate things. I’m the only one who can carry out this mission.’
I will definitely attract Geese.
As he was about to finish cremating, an agent from Dante’s department delivered a coded note.
Geese, press conference. 3 p.m.
Crumpling up the note and putting it in her mouth, she smiled coldly as she looked in the mirror.
‘You’re still going to meet me?’
He thought it was safe to meet the chief secretary of the Tormia Magic Association.
‘It’s a political decision. But Geese, you are mistaken. Of course, I must have risked everything to get to that position. Killing his pride like a worm, and even abandoning his family.’
The only reason great people stumble is because the mind is bluffed.
‘I’m sorry, but what we’re trying to do is war.’
Fleur tied her hair up in a ponytail.
‘A war without limits.’
Delta headquarters.
Seriel, who had been busy with work since morning, found Fermi walking down the hallway.
“hey! hey! Fermi!”
The steps seemed to stop abruptly, but Fermi moved again as if he had not heard.
“This bastard is real!”
Seriel raised her ax eye and approached.
“You promised to send me the angel recipe and chemical formula! Why is there no message?”
“sorry. next time.”
Fermi, who answered briefly, continued his thoughts.
‘There were assassination attempts in six countries overnight. It must be hidden with the highest level of security that one country can operate. However, once practitioners start processing the work, information inevitably leaks. About two hours or so.’
This means that by the time the holy war opens, all nations will be aware of the situation.
‘According to the mined information, the Moon Kingdom will face a reverse slaughter. It’s annoying. I have to kill him.’
Seriel jerked Fermi’s shoulder.
“hey! Are you ignoring people? I keep asking! How many patients are there now…!”
For a moment she was terrified.
“What are you doing?” It wasn’t that Fermi was frowning or giving a hostile glance.
‘The expression was like this even then.’
Even though there is nothing particularly different, the strange feeling that I am about to burst into tears at any moment.
Also, that expression.
‘So I want you… …
It was also Seriel’s only weakness against Fermi.

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 1168 - Satan's Proposal(3).txt
===============================
Satan’s proposal (3)
Was it just a bad luck to meet Fermi at the bookstore that Seriel frequents that day?
“you you… …
Or is it a huge bad luck?
“How are you here?”
Seriel, who had a blank look on her face for a moment, hid the <Primary Noose> she was reading.
‘Ugh, embarrassing.’
It is a taste that can be proudly revealed in front of anyone, but this time was an exception.
said Fermi with a laugh.
“You don’t have to hide it, right? 《Primitive Noose》. It’s fashionable among women. It wasn’t really my taste.”
“uh? Do you know this too?”
Seriel, who was suddenly interested, changed her expression again and asked nonchalantly.
“anyway… … Why are you here?”
“It’s a bookstore. And my family runs a publishing business. He must have come here quite a bit.”
“Ah, yes.”
Ardino was a famous family enough to enter the 20th place in the Tormia business world.
Of course, the main income was high-end information such as magic and alchemy, not regular books.
‘It has to be a match with this guy.’
Fermi continued.
“I was doing some research at my father’s request, and suddenly I saw you. How is he or me?”
“what?”
“The sequel to [Primal Eulgami]. Did you get a good response from readers? The role has changed this time.” If you already know, there is no need to hide it, but the need for empathy is greater than that.
Seriel held out the book.
“huh! Really good! This time, the male protagonist is tied to the female protagonist’s noose. and… …
After that, Seriel cleared her throat because she was ashamed to speak out.
“Hmmmm! Anyway, yes.”
Fermi’s eyes curled like a seagull.
“It was like that. I mean SM.”
“What do you care? And the action doesn’t matter. What matters is who the target is. Because Maiton is a wonderful nobleman.”
It was the name of the male protagonist.
“is it? Married to a 62-year-old woman who was a victim of an arranged marriage. She’s been sexually exploited. Then he meets the heroine, her maid, and discovers her hidden nature.”
Fermi knew the story.
“From then on, I tied them up in all sorts of ways. The philosophy of redemption was interesting, but isn’t it perverted anyway?”
“red! Could it be that only you And you don’t tell me why Mayton did that. From the age of 15, he told his wife, Madeleine… … Seriel stopped talking.
‘Why am I talking to him like this?’
Fermi laughed.
“I really like you. Well, since he looks like me, it’s only natural that he’s popular with women.”
“huh? what?”
“A cold and intelligent man who rose from his childhood wounds. Above all, he was handsome. Are you just me?” Seriel didn’t say anything, but a terrifying murderous thing circulated in his eyes.
“sorry. save me.”
“ha. All right, go now, huh? This sister is taking a break after a long time.”
Fermi was older.
“Are you going with me? I think I’m dying because I have nothing to do anyway. Let’s eat and sleep.”
“Are you crazy? Why am I eating with you?”
“Well, is it better than eating alone? You see them every day in the school cafeteria anyway.”
Seriel smiled mischievously.
“Aha, now I know. So, are you betting on me right now?”
“What, if you think about it, does that happen?”
‘Look at this guy.’
It has not been confirmed whether this is true, but I have heard that the gold garland is prevalent among women.
“haha! Maybe it’s because you’re scared? i will eat you… …
“okay! go. Let’s go.”
Seriel forcibly turned Fermi’s body at the story that made her goosebumps just thinking about it.
“Instead, I choose the restaurant. it’s better I also had something to hear from you.”
It was an opportunity to hear directly from the head of the school about the corruption of the golden ring that is prevalent in the school.
‘Amy, wait. Enter advanced information.’
When I put the book on the counter, the owner of the bookstore checked the price and returned it.
“Are you my boyfriend? You look good.”
Just as Seriel was about to start talking by waving his hand, Fermi hit the head.
“thank you. Here’s the price of the book.”
As Fermi put the silver coin on the counter, Seriel looked back with a puzzled expression.
“what? Why are you mine?”
“I do it to look good. Such a small twist is Mayton’s charm point.”
“under.”
The snort didn’t come out either.
“Are you serious? To be clear, you can’t be Mayton. That person looks cold on the outside, but has a very delicate delicacy inside.”
Seriel pointed and continued.
“It’s not like your dark heart!” The bookstore owner laughed.
“Are you fighting because of 《Primal Eulgami》? Well, there are a lot of couples like that. You seem to be a fan, why don’t you go to the square? I heard that the writer came today.”
Seriel’s head turned quickly.
“yes? Are you a Sirius writer?”
“okay. It looks like they go around Tormia every holiday to sign autographs. Maybe it should start by now… …
“thank you!”
As Seriel left the bookstore with a book, Fermi hurriedly followed and asked.
“hey! rice is?”
“Rice is the problem now! Hurry up and follow me!”
When we arrived at the plaza, people were standing in a line under a tall banner.
Most were women and varied in age.
“Really? Sirius, the author of 《Primitive Eulgami》. Commemorating the publication of the sequel.”
After reading the words on the banner, Seriel held the book in her arms and stomped her feet.
“How to! I’m so nervous! What kind of person will it be? It must be a cold impression. The atmosphere would be over. Sirius, don’t you feel that way from your pen name?”
“There he is.”
At the table Fermi pointed to, a man with a huge body was sitting.
“What hairy man?”
A man with a black beard who seemed far from romantic was signing autographs.
said Fermi, holding back a laugh.
“Is it Mayton’s reincarnation?”
Seriel, who had been glaring with her mouth firmly closed, took a deep breath and stood in line.
“are you okay. Because the power of a writer comes from writing. He must have a delicate personality.”
Time was delayed as Sirius continued his conversation with a female reader.
“Look, am I right?”
It was Seriel, who had a lot of strength on her shoulders, but after a while, something happened that made her feel ashamed.
“next.”
When the couple came to get their autograph, Sirius didn’t even make eye contact.
“Writer, if you write down my name… …
“next!”
The boyfriend of the woman who was beaten up asked the writer with a displeased expression.
“How long do you say it takes to write a name? I talked to the girl from before for 5 minutes.”
“So what? am i funny Are you guys a couple? Don’t you see that you have a lover?”
Boyfriend was dumbfounded.
“No, what is this… … . Where are you sick?”
“Get off now! My readers are only women! A woman without a lover! Isn’t that right, gentlemen?”
A few booed, but cheers broke out enough to crush the booing.
Seriel opened her mouth blankly.
“What’s going on, this?”
“You are a novelist. Speaking as a publisher, there are quite a few people like that. lets think. You only need to immerse yourself in a novel for two hours, but that person lives in a novel all day.”
“It’s some kind of occupational disease.”
“haha! Well, that’s right. Because the life of the character in the novel is much more important than your own life. The only things that person can do in real life are drinking, smoking, and messing with couples at autograph signings.”
Seriel cried.
“Will I be okay? we are not a couple What if I misunderstand something?”
Seriel’s wish did not come true.
After waiting for about an hour, when my turn finally appeared in front of me, the moderator said.
“now! Today’s autograph session is over. Please continue to love Sirius a lot.”
A futile exclamation followed, but Sirius left the table as it was.
“it’s a shame. I could have received it if only three more people did it.”
Fermi was speechless.
As I traced Sirius with my gaze, I saw him enter the cafe in the plaza.
“Give me the book.”
Fermi, who had stolen the <Primal Lasso>, ran to the cafe where Sirius had entered.
“hey! Fermi!”
When Seriel followed behind, many readers were camped out in front of the cafe.
“Is Mayton really in love with Elzia? If she loves, why not marry her?”
Fermi made his way through the crowd as each reader asked a question.
“excuse me.”
When I opened the cafe door, the moderator blocked me.
“sorry. The autograph session is over. Since the author is tired, next time… …
“This is a person.”
Fermi handed over the business card he had received from his father.
Seeing that the seal of the Ardino family was stamped, the presenter stepped back in embarrassment.
“Come this way.”
Before Fermi could approach, the moderator whispered quickly to Sirius.
“joy! So what?”
Seeing the reaction, Fermi had a hunch.
‘Ha, this is the type.’
Most writers are nice to their readers, but sometimes there are single-minded people like this.
“hello. I am Fermi of the Ardino family.”
“know. They were standing in line.”
Of course, the reason Sirius remembers was because of Seriel, not Fermi.
“Because my friend is a fan of the author. Not a lover, of course. May she ask for an autograph?”
“haha! okay?”
Sirius laughed.
“What do you think of me? Aren’t the writers of erotic novels not aware of that? You’re trying to please that woman. My eyes can’t lie.”
It was true.
“yes. But not really a lover. Can’t you help me out with a lot of generosity?”
Fermi doesn’t treat customers badly.
“I understand the circumstances, but there are no exceptions. It can be said that people who are not great writers stand tall, but I also have my own writing philosophy. I can’t do this without it.”
‘This type, this way.’ Worst match for publishers
all.
“This is weak, but… …
Finally, as a last resort, Fermi handed the gold coin from his pocket into his hand.
It was an amount that would be difficult to refuse, even if 《Basic Eulgami》 was a hit.
“Oh, money.”
Sirius grabbed the gold coin.
“Money is good. I like money too. why don’t you like it But businessman man, aren’t you misunderstanding something?”
He put the gold coin in Fermi’s inner pocket.
“I am not writing to make money. I’m making money to write. A certain noble paid a lot of money to change the story. I refused. Do you know why? If I change something… …
Sirius, grabbing an iced coffee cup, sprayed it in Fermi’s face and shouted.
“Only when I decided it was better for my readers! It has nothing to do with money.”
As the coffee dripped down Fermi’s face, the readers outside the window made a fuss.
“Oh my, my! oh my god!”
Of course, most of them had sullen expressions on their faces, but Seriel froze pale.
‘What kind of guy is that guy… …
Anyone who knew Fermi at Alpheas Magic School would think the same.
“… … All right.”
Contrary to expectations, Fermi quietly left the store without even polishing the coffee.
Coming out, he found coffee smeared on the sequel to The Primal Lasso.
“ah?… ”
For the first time, Seriel knew that even Fermi’s eyes could shake with embarrassment.
“sorry. uh, that’s it… …
said Fermi awkwardly holding up the book.
“Shall we go and buy a new one now? I can go alone.”
Silence comes.
u no ” -1 “r.
Seriel held her belly button and laughed.
“Puhahaha! hey, you’re really funny!
Fuhahaha!”
“why? What’s funny?”
Perhaps Fermi didn’t know.
It was a book that Seriel liked so much, but even so, it was only one book.
‘Then Fermi… …
Even though I didn’t get an autograph, I knew what was really important.
‘Honestly, it was kind of cool.’
In Seriel’s eyes… … that he was a pretty good guy

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 1169 - Satan's Proposal(4).txt
===============================
Satan’s proposal (4)
After leaving the plaza, Fermi and Seriel went into a bar on the market side.
asked Fermi as he opened the door.
“Are you okay?”
“Are you afraid you can’t even drink? get in quick I’m hungry.”
It was early for dinner, but I was very hungry because I had skipped lunch.
“Let’s get it together.”
Seriel sat down and ordered.
After about an hour, the faces of the two people who drank on an empty stomach turned slightly red.
Even though they weren’t close friends, the conversation didn’t stop because they were in the same senior class.
“It is always difficult.”
Seriel, who was watching the evening street through the window, said with her chin resting on the table.
“The really hard thing is that you don’t know what might be hard when you get used to the routine of your senior year course. I grow by finding my weaknesses, but the results aren’t coming out well.”
“It is steadily rising. If you look back one day, you will see that you have grown. Believe me, the longest-living senior in my senior year.”
Encouraged by the veteran’s words, Seriel smiled, but her heart soon cooled.
‘Graduation exam broker.’
Why are you still in school with the ability to graduate at any time?
‘Shall I ask?’
Fermi smiled.
“You look like you have something to say. do anything.”
It wasn’t a bad time to be honest, and it was fun to talk about the senior year.
“no way!”
Seriel, who was conflicted about breaking the atmosphere, drank the alcohol in front of her at once.
After about three hours, Seriel’s pupils began to open.
“Hey, Fermi. you can’t do that Don’t live that way, you son of a bitch.”
It’s already the fourth time he’s heard it, but Fermi was listening with a gentle smile on his face.
“I know you’re a really great guy. however… … I know! You can’t live like that. How hard other friends work to become wizards… …
“How can you sell your diploma for money?”
“Yes, child. Money… Huh?” As Seriel, half sober, opened his eyes wide, Fermi lit a cigarette.
“I took the graduation exam for many years. I passed a lot of people and rejected even more than that.”
A long smoke billowed out.
“Who did you get the money from? no. I’ve never been asked to, and I’ve never been paid.”
“Then why… … ?”
“Because that is my belief. to control the system. Some people just fight and win, but I can’t do that. Just like you guys compete to prove your skills, I just fight my way.”
is it a lie?
‘Not a broker? Maybe he wants me to side with Fermi at school? no… …
Fermi is obviously an incredible person, but from what she felt for half a day
‘This guy doesn’t lie.’ I’d rather be silent.
“cigarette. I didn’t see you at school.”
“I don’t particularly like it. I just don’t want to apply the concept of taboo to my life. I can do anything if I need to, and I won’t do anything if I don’t have to.”
It was the way he controlled the system.
‘What kind of life did he live?’
The fact that the more I learned about Fermi, the more confused I became, the more curious I was.
“Okay, trust me. But if you’ve done this, you’ve proven your abilities. Why are you staying at school?”
Fermi remembered.
‘mother.’
The figure of Yolga, who is still wandering as a specter of a specific incident in the upper layer of Istas.
“well. Why?”
Seriel was terrified.
Fermi’s expression was infinitely clear, but I felt like I was going to burst into tears any minute.
“you… …
I couldn’t think of anything other than wanting to hug him.
“let’s go. late.”
After completing the calculation, the two of them were driven to a street covered in darkness.
Should we part like this?
Fermi asked in a situation where the time, atmosphere, and this and that were ambiguous.
“if??????
Seriel gave a small nod.
“okay.”
It was past 4:00 in the morning when Seriel woke up in an unknown inn room.
It was quiet outside, and I could hear the breathing of Fermi, who had fallen asleep next to me.
‘ah?”???
Just a few hours ago, during the day yesterday
Things that had happened passed by like a kaleidoscope.
‘Aren’t you crazy, really?’
It wasn’t a worse feeling than I expected.
No, to be honest, it was pretty good, but emotions weren’t everything in the sober world.
A competitor in the senior class, or a faction, I spent the day with the head of the enemy army.
Seriel slowly turned around and got off the bed like a snake and gathered her clothes.
‘Careful, careful.’
While kneeling, putting on clothes, and even checking belongings in the bag, no sound was heard.
She opened the door slowly and quietly closed it as if she would not allow even one decibel.
Then, after checking the inside, I ran down the hallway as if I were running away, and left the inn.
‘This is a lifelong secret. I can’t even tell Amy.’
Seriel left the room, and within a minute Fermi lifted his eyelids.
As if he was already awake, he stared into the darkness and covered his eyes with his arm.
“Whoa.”
In the hallway of Delta, Seriel thought.
In the graduation exam that year, Amy was knocked out early after being lynched with a gold ring.
‘I passed.’
Of course, unlike Amy, who was the first to graduate, Seriel was not the target of the ring of gold.
However, due to the work of the day, it remained an unsolvable homework for Seriel.
‘Why did Fermi drop Amy? Simply tactical reasons? Or me…
It was the reason why he couldn’t speak up even in front of her face that seemed like a weakness to her.
“Fermi, what happened… …
“sorry.”
Fermi stopped talking and turned around.
“I have an urgent matter. I’ll tell you the angel recipe soon. It won’t take long.”
Seriel was relieved to see his back moving away, but on the other hand, her heart ached.
‘ what?’
That expression from a moment ago, I heard from Shirone and now I know what it means.
‘I lost another precious person
Hey, at 8 am, the temple opened.
Heads of state and officials from each country attended, but the temperament of the air was different from yesterday.
The country that was hit in the flesh was angry, and the country that avoided the flesh was watching with caution.
Albino touched his beard.
‘The atmosphere is bloody. I guess you already know. The temple must be tough today.’
The leaders of Moon Kingdom, Tormia, Jincheon, Corona, Paras, and Gustaf were unable to attend.
Shirone thought.
‘Even the Moon Dragon of the Moon Kingdom was killed. In the end, is the only tribal union left unscathed among the countries that were hit in the flesh?’
One thing bothered me.
‘It doesn’t make sense that Kitra was attacked. he is oparts Even if he gets hit in the flesh, he won’t be shocked.’
Is it strategically hiding information? While Wu Lin was thinking the same thing, Corona’s think tank Ivory Tower spoke.
“I am an ivory tower 2-star resident, Byeolya Tsuoi.”
Her voice resonated in the hall, befitting her nickname of Black Mars.
“Last night, there was an assassination attempt in Corona Kingdom. According to our investigation, at least four countries have been affected by the same attack, and the prime suspect is…”
Tsuoi’s gaze drifted to the side.
“This is the Moon Kingdom.”
The monk of the Moon Kingdom jumped to his feet.
“This is a mothership! Be honest! We are also affected by this incident…
“That’s done.”
Tsuoi raised her hand to stop her words.
No matter who the culprit was, if Moonryong, who had the right to vote, deserted, there was no need to pay attention.
“The whole story should be revealed gradually. What Corona wants to ask is how it attacked other countries. According to the investigation, it is flesh, and it is impossible without the help of the other world.”
The monk of the Moon kingdom quietly sat down.
“The person who amplified the emotions of the ghost rather than simply using the ghost. In other words, Satan is involved. And as we know, Satan Zuoyi’s gaze turned the other way.
“Aren’t you in the Kashan Empire?” As everyone’s eyes focused, Uorin stood up with a smile.
“First of all, I would like to express my condolences to the country that has suffered a great deal. The Kashan Empire has done its best to prevent this situation, and it is clear that it still has no intention of breaking any peace treaty.”
It was plausible to lie confidently.
“Then what about Satan?”
“It is true that Kashan and Moon did Code One, but it was Satan, not me, that Moon wanted. To be clear, Kashan has nothing to do with this incident.”
Albino named arsenic.
‘Cut off the tail.’
Then the doors of the temple opened and Havits entered.
“I will tell you.”
The presence of the unshackled Satan was so great that half of the officials jumped to their feet.
“What are you doing! Hurry up and call the guards!”
Harvits raised his hand.
“now.”
After the vanishing was triggered, 30 seconds later, the officials recognized him on the podium.
‘Damn it!’
Fearing that he might fall off his head, the officials shot Uorin.
“Kashan! I didn’t promise you! If you can’t control the Harvits… … therefore… … Habits! uh? that is… …
As the vanishing was turned off and on repeatedly, the officials seemed to have a hole in their thoughts.
“listen.”
It became quiet in an instant.
“The Moon Kingdom loses first for breaking the rules. Until then, I had never harmed anyone in the crusade.” As confirmed, it was true.
“The Moon Kingdom tried to kill all 11 countries. In Code One, Wulin’s only choice was to cut the target country in half in exchange for handing me over. It is to minimize damage to other countries and, above all, to protect Kashan.”
International law recognizes a defensive-aggressive posture in situations where national security is threatened.
“Thus, Kashan is also a victim country. I also wanted to actively follow the rules of the temple. But the Moon Kingdom threatened me, and they took away my control.”
Called…….
‘Uorin wants me to deliver it.’
Havitz was the proof that she could hear the sound of her heart in real time and recite it as it was.
“This is the whole situation as far as I know. And now I too have my freedom back.”
The monk of the Moon Kingdom gnashed his teeth.
‘This is what I was really looking for. If you make the kingdom of Moon a war criminal country, you will get a justification for using Havitz. You know we can’t dispute it.’
Even if the case went to the International Court of Justice, the odds of Moon Kingdom winning the case were slim.
Woorin’s lips went up.
‘Because it’s true that I lost weight. I seasoned it a bit, but I’ll have to accept that much.’
It was the power of Jinbeom.
“now stop.”
While the officials were bewildered, Harbitz, who had muted Uo Lin’s voice, spoke.
“Anyway, it’s been sold out, right? Even if we kill each other, die, and live, we won’t live long.” “So I’m going to make a suggestion. Of course, it would be a very good suggestion for you guys too.”
“What are you talking about? By what right do you want to move 12 countries?”
Even when I didn’t hear it, I was scared.
“You don’t have to follow me. but i have no choice but to do it Because this is not a right, it is power.”
Satan’s pupils, perhaps for the first time in a long time, contained Yahweh.
“Kill Shirone. Until Yahweh is dead, I will kill anyone every hour. Everyone in the temple is a target, including you now.”

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 1170 - Before Murder (1) 1.txt
===============================
Before Murder (1)
While everyone in the conference room was chewing on Havitz’s words, only Uorin knew.
‘Havitz randomly kills one person every hour. Until Shirone dies, of course. But suddenly why? Until now, Satan has been reluctant to face-to-face with Yahweh.’
It was such a law, such an incident.
‘Personality and atrocities. It’s the tendency to dislike direct entanglement over the world. Like a divorced couple. Hate each other but don’t want to run into each other
O’
If they have to run into each other directly.
‘child… … Is it the same?’
Yesterday afternoon, Havitz said he met a girl at a casino in the capital.
‘From the moment you met the child, whereabouts for several hours, that’s the point. There was something that drove him crazy enough to give up the history search.’
Who are you?
Uorin, who gave up her thoughts, stood up from her seat.
“This is unacceptable! Havitz’s remarks are an argument against the peace treaty and a provocation against the 12 countries! The Kashan will not back down, and we hereby formally declare that we regard the Havits as public enemies!”
There was no applause and the albino twisted his beard.
“… … The Empress set the fire.”
Rufist agreed.
“There will be bloody winds blowing in the temple from now on.”
“Havitz is sincere. As long as Shirone is alive, he will kill one person every hour. He may be a low-ranking official, but he could also be the head of a country participating in a crusade. The biggest problem is… …
“It’s vanishing.”
“yes. Even if Havitz kills someone, we don’t know about it. If this happens, even if another country assassinates, it will be enough if they put the blame on Havitz.”
innocent of anything.
“In short, this is not a threat. Rather, Havitz was given to us.”
The albino’s eyes narrowed.
“A license to kill.”
Satan’s will to kill you to your heart’s content, since he will overwrite all of his sins… … .
It made the brains of 12 countries shut their mouths.
“Sleep, I’ll take a break for a while.” Officials slip away, the albino
I looked at Uorin, who had just stood up.
‘Have you counted this far? would have done But you know it’s not a perfect strategy, right?’
It’s a jaseungjabak
‘Thormia will pick you up.’
Sumodo and Jetaro, who participated in the holy war on behalf of Vulcan, who had taken sick leave, began to think a lot.
Sumodo said.
“There was a way. It’s genius.”
“Because I have a knack for breaking the rules. Anyway, new rules have been set, so what should I do with this?” Zetaro’s expression darkened. “what’s the matter? Can’t think of anything?” “I have an idea. To be honest, ah
A good idea came to my mind… …
Harvits will also like it.
“I know how you feel. Did you want to kill yourself?”
Zetaro’s only wish was for Harbitz to be in the most joyful state.
“I think Vulcan and Natasha deserve you too. Harvitz’s best friend is you. Not a Wizard.”
A contradiction that can kill to love.
This is why Satan has the emotional symmetry of Yahweh.
“Yes, thank you. Let’s talk to Vulcan for now. It’s a strategy that won’t work without that kid.”
The two sincerely wished that Vulcan would survive until Havitz died.
The temple meeting declared a break, but subordinate departments were running without a break.
Seriel headed to the small meeting room.
‘Assassination?’
The heads of each country had big and small incidents, and Kessia was included among them.
‘So Fermi… …
I thought I would treat you a little more kindly.
“excuse me.”
When I entered the small meeting room, about 200 people were filling the seats.
Small meeting, aka working-level meeting.
While the general meeting deals with the biggest initiatives, the sub-sessions coordinate specific opinions.
The heads of the military, economic and social ministries, religious ministries, and the International Sanctions Board, excluding the general meeting, gathered among the five major departments of the sanctuary.
Experts from the temple’s affiliated organizations, such as world climate, telecommunications, health, heritage, and education, also attended.
“I think Pope Constantine, who is at the Great Council, will be ten minutes late. Please wait.”
Seriel caught a familiar face in her eyes.
‘Dorothy, the deputy of the military department, Liz, the co-founder of the Nade Group, and Alfeas Magic School… …
Alpheas, Olivea, and Siena were also there.
“Forgive me for being late.”
When Pope Constantine came in, the paladins of the anti-coach followed armedly.
‘Armed troops in working-level talks. It must have been late due to legal proceedings against the guard.’
With Havitz’s declaration, the pope was also forced to be vigilant.
The meeting has begun.
“Before continuing from yesterday, let’s organize the agenda from today’s meeting and move on. Last night, the Moon Kingdom made an assassination attempt against a specific country.”
The air got cold.
“Several countries suffered serious damage, and even the death of a king was unprecedented. As you can see from the report we gave you in advance, it is a matter of doubt regarding the legal proceedings against Moon Kingdom’s charges and Kashan’s involvement. I think it would be better to listen to the position of the international tribunal first and express your opinion.”
At the same time as the temple was opened, Socrates and Cyrano, who resigned, sat side by side.
The contrast between Socrates, who weighed over 150 kilograms, and Cyrano, who only had bones, was also bizarre… … .
“Why are you looking at me? When did you quit?”
The problem was this.
“No, Mr. Cyrano, as far as I know it hasn’t been repaired on paper. Therefore, officially Mr. Cyrano Mito is the head of the International Sanctions Board.”
Sparks flew in Cyrano’s eyes as he glared at Socrates.
“You, you little pig… …
“Chuck! It can’t be helped! The manager has been the head of the Red Line Association for generations. There is none but you and me. Shouldn’t you have been the manager first?”
“Kill them.”
True to her nickname of the swamp witch, long nails protruded from Cyrano’s right hand.
“Ohh? Are you going to open one? To be clear, my detonation magic has no mercy.”
Socrates’ eyes narrowed.
“Kuk!”
The paladins of the Anti-Magic Department were wary, and even the general public felt alive.
‘It’s a big deal! It should dry quickly… …
A 2nd-class or higher wizard can bypass even the highest-level magic devices.
Socrates burst into laughter in an explosion that seemed to happen at any moment.
“Puhahaha! Other than farming! Would you do something like that? sleep old virgin hysteria
Please accept… … !”
As Cyrano slapped Socrates in the face, there was a pop and destructive sound.
Although it was violent, the scene where the giant fell in one shot was truly bizarre.
Cyrano brushed his wrists.
“Tsk. They treat you kindly, so you have to listen to what they say. what are you doing pig Won’t you wake up soon?”
Socrates jumped up and sat down in his chair, and Cyrano spoke to the audience.
“The papers will be repaired within today. I will not get involved in this matter.”
“Did you know from the start?” Dorothy was where everyone’s eyes were directed.
“Did you resign because you knew that this would happen from the moment the temple opened?”
“… … hmm.”
Cyrano crossed her legs.
“Yes, military commander. The International Court of Justice is an organization that represents the red line, and generations of retired presidents of the association have held the position of director. Do you know why you are the ‘retired’ president of the association?”
Dorothy kept her mouth shut.
“I don’t know how to step down from active duty. If you are a magician, of course you should. What verdict do you want me to make? Since the Moon kingdom is weak, should you raise Kashan’s hand?”
“Hey, Cyrano… …
Socrates’ expression became serious for the first time, but she raised her hand to interrupt him.
“The temple is a den of snakes. Swallow once, think about digestion later. No one knows exactly what is going on here. If you make a wrong decision in such a situation, the blow will go to the juniors.”
Dorothy was also a red line.
“Anyway, the people here are also responsible.
Aren’t you leaving everything to the international tribunal because you don’t want to? So, I will take responsibility. Dismiss me or arrest me, as you wish.”
The hall became quiet.
“Cleaning up poop for juniors among the snakes that rule the world is what an elder does. The International Sanctions Chamber will not rule for the time being.”
There were no objections.
“What the hell is going on!”
Geese’s daughter, Rebecca, entered the Delta Headquarters under the escort of a new bodyguard.
“The hand is about to come in! I only lost money because of you guys!”
She was the one who gambled all night.
“sorry. Jive 1st class vigilante. You should refrain from going out for the time being.”
“joy! Then it is. I thought Dad called again.”
“It’s an alert that only the supreme ruler of the armed forces can issue, so it’s true that my father called.”
Even though the result was the same, the feeling was different.
‘it’s okay! I’m tired of it all now. I should eat Dream Star and play to my heart’s content in Under Coder.’
High Gear is still running, but the fun has plummeted since Yahweh left.
‘huh? Come to think of it… …
Aren’t Shirone at the Delta Headquarters?
‘That’s right!’
As Rebecca’s steps became faster, her kidneys also supported the left and right sides with the correct stride length.
‘Looks like he’s got his mind.’
Arriving at the hallway where the conference room was, Rebecca saw Shirone walking far away.
‘ there is!’
A man fighting for the world. And she was the daughter of Kish, king of the Jive.
‘If you capture Yahweh… …
I have no interest in worldly affairs, but I wonder if something huge will happen.
“Shirone!”
Rebecca called out loud.
“uh?”
Shirone’s code name came to mind before the name.
‘Des Gonche.’
He raised his hand with a smile because his relationship with Undercoder was just as important as his real life.
“Hey, who is this?”
Escorted by Xinjiang, Rebecca strode towards Shirone.
“haha! Did we really meet? very… …
The next moment, Rebecca’s head was neatly severed and separated from her torso.
“oh my god… … Grrrr!”
His face splattered on the floor, and Havits passed by and brushed off the blood on his longsword.
“Now one person.”
59 minutes and 59 seconds until the next fatality.
Even while Habitz was leaving the hallway, Xinjiang was not aware of the death of the factor.
“??????uh?”
Tears welled up in one of Shirone’s eyes.
‘Why am I crying?’
Since all human misfortune was his own, Yahweh felt dead at this moment.
The only reason Yahweh cannot kill Satan is.
‘What happened.’ Ironically, it is because Satan never wants to face Yahweh.
Shirone’s eyes flashed with life.
“Ha-bi-tsu!”
As the hallway roared, Harvitz’s hair stood on end around the corner.
‘It was close.’
The moment I exceeded the limit of access allowed by the law, I felt like I was struck by lightning.
But Wena Wizard.
‘This is the beginning. All humans will come running to kill you. You can look forward to it.’
The prelude to the murder has risen.

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 1171 - Before Murder (2).txt
===============================
Before Murder (2)
11 am.
At Delta Headquarters, only Shirone was still the only one who knew of Rebecca’s death.
Shirone’s eyes flashed with life.
‘Havitz.’
Not recognizing her death means that vanishing is still unresolved.
‘Should I tell you?’ Perhaps, but who would believe Shirone if he said it?
‘Even I am ambiguous. I don’t even know exactly who Harvits is. It feels like the response of the senses is twisted.’
It was like hitting an object with just the touch of your hand, covering your ears and listening to what the other person was saying.
In any case, it was clear that it was real.
‘Should I track it?’
Shirone bristled her 11th sense to extract information about Havitz.
‘impossible.’
It was the action of the law that occurred when good and evil were separated in Ultima.
‘The case of me meeting Havitz doesn’t happen. So, the situation just before… …
What Harvits intended.
‘why? Wouldn’t it be nice to approach me? What’s the reason for the sudden change?’
Wizard.
If something big had happened to Harvitz, it would have been just contact with her.
‘If Harvits is alive… …
Wizard was most likely not alive.
‘Let’s not think.’
There were too many variables that could occur to make a conclusion based on one condition.
‘I believe in the wizard.’
Upon entering the Tormia Sector, the waiting guards told Syrone.
“Everyone is waiting.”
While the officers of the Tormia Guard were gathered, Dante was preparing a briefing.
“Shirone.”
Rufist asked.
“Do you know anything? I have no idea why we are gathered here.”
“Haviz… …
At that moment, the vanishing was released.
“uh?”
Dante came to his senses, and each of the others looked around.
The albino muttered with a disgusted expression.
“Has it already exploded?”
“yes. Rebecca died. He mercilessly ended his life right in front of my eyes.”
Perhaps.
” when?”
“About 30 minutes ago. I don’t know why I didn’t solve the vanishing right away, but… …
“It controls the time of death.” said Dante.
“It kills one person every hour. Knowing the time of Rebecca’s death would specify the time when another victim would occur. That’s not what Harvits wants.”
Lyria asked.
“But can you fool everyone like that? The exact timing to release vanishing.”
“Is it possible. It is no coincidence that we realized the moment Shirone entered. It’s intentional.”
“ah… …
God’s frequency.
The albino nodded.
“We kill someone by vanishing, read our minds, and free them at the desired time. All he wants is a game. I just want to enjoy how the board turns.”
Rufist said.
“First, let’s figure out the situation.”
Dante went to the chart, and Shirone sat down with the officers of the Guard.
Guard Captain Lai, Mobile Captain Tess, and Guard Captain were Amy’s older brother, Diane.
“Shirone.”
Taking Tess’s outstretched hand, Shirone bowed her head to Rai and Dian.
said Dante.
“Let’s start the briefing. Now that Harvitz has declared the killing game, the most important thing is identifying friends and family.”
Dante pointed to Kashan’s flag.
“As it is a strong leader candidate, the alliance structure is not complicated. Currently, we have a strong alliance with the Moon Kingdom.”
Tess raised her hand.
“I know that Kashan supplied water to the Moon Kingdom. Are you still a strong ally?”
“Politics is not about emotions alone. Moon’s only cards now are Self-Destruct with Ka Shan. As Kashan would know, the alliance system will be maintained for the time being.” Dante continued his explanation.
“Then Tormia, Jincheon, Corona, and Tribal Alliance have weak alliances.”
Rai asked.
“What are the criteria for strong and weak alliances?”
“It is a strong alliance if the other allies take damage when one side is down. Conversely, a weak alliance has weak cohesion, but even if an ally suffers damage, it does not mean that the country is immediately harmed.”
Dante pointed to the jive.
“Jive, Iron, and Arachne are strong allies. You know why without explaining it. Currently, Jive’s King Gis is involved in a sex scandal. Depending on the result, Iron and Arachne will also suffer damage.”
the albino asked.
“Isn’t this sex scandal the work of Arachne? This is Kashan, doesn’t it have a different temperament than Mun?”
“Of course it is, but according to intelligence, it is assumed that the party in collusion with Arachne is a faction within Jive, namely Raymond, Geith’s political rival.”
Anyway, it was Jive.
‘It must have been an internal faction.’
Shirone realized the true nature of the sense of incongruity he felt during the interview with Rangi.
‘So I couldn’t reveal it. Well, I’m not lying. That’s why I couldn’t catch Mika either.’
said Dante.
“I know that Paras, Kessia, and Gustav did not follow the alliance strategy. This means that their purpose is not to become a leadership state. We will have to approach it carefully to get their votes.”
Rufist asked.
“What happened to Paras? He was right in the flesh, right?”
“It is difficult to gather information. It’s because we’re not doing any exchanges with other countries. I received only a preamble stating that the official death of the King would be announced soon.”
The albino laughed.
“It will be a show worth watching.”
“I’m holding the strands that way too, but until I actually see it, I won’t be able to judge.”
Dante turned around on the charts.
“The reason the alliance structure is so important is, after all, voting. Rom, Garto, Temica. Depending on where this mark goes, the charter will change, and only the representatives of each country have this authority.”
Lyria said.
“Even if you get hit in the flesh and lose consciousness, you still have the right to vote.”
Dante nodded.
“That’s why Harvitz’s declaration is so important. Currently, Highness Pony is in critical condition, but that fact does not reduce the risk of assassination. If someone aims a knife, there is a high probability that it will happen within the interests of each country briefed.”
said the albino.
“Isn’t it rather a good situation? If it’s an assassin, Tormia has good hitmen.”
It was Parka Quan.
“yes. I simulated the performance of 12 countries in the category of assassination by classifying them as airborne. Certainly, Tormia’s attack power is at the top with 94 points.”
It was a good thing, but Rufist saw through Dante’s true intention.
‘Attack power doesn’t lag behind anywhere. Conversely, defense can be a weakness.’
Of course, Lai, the captain of the Guard, was an excellent swordsman, but war was, after all, a function of relativity.
‘If there was Lian… …
I had sweet imaginations for a while, but unrealistic assumptions were always poison.
“I know.”
Sensing the atmosphere, Rai confessed.
“Compared to other countries, our defense is weak. We will engrave our weaknesses into our bones and reinforce them as much as possible.”
It was a calm tone, but everyone could guess the shame he felt.
‘Damn it.’
Rai clenched his fists.
‘Why me… …
Is it not as strong as Rian?
I have never been caught off guard because I was born with a talent that is superior to others.
‘But why didn’t you reach it? What did Ryan do more than me? Rather, that guy is the world’s… …
Suddenly, I had this thought.
‘ ah.’
Was it because he had no talent?
No matter how many miles he ran, did Rihanna have to run much more than that?
‘How many times have I wielded a sword, Lian, that guy.
‘Let’s not think.’
Rai shook his head.
‘Don’t try to find it in others. i will reach You become stronger with what you have.’
When the atmosphere was settled, the albino asked.
“Where is the strongest?”
“Kashan is the country with the highest score on the sum of their ability to perform assassinations. The offense will be taken by Fengzhang, and the defense will consist of Kashan Guard near, mid and far. However, I think the most difficult challenge is Kido, the captain of the Guard.”
‘Kid too.’
Although in a confrontational situation, Shirone’s feelings for hearing Dante’s words were subtle.
‘that’s right. He’s not that tall either.’
I don’t know much about Carl, but he was a friend who gave his life when exploring Andre’s world.
‘Because that guy’s beliefs are amazing.’
the albino asked.
“The evaluation is done, and in terms of numbers, can Tormia’s attack break Kashan’s defense? I mean, can Quan cut Kido and decapitate Uorin?”
said Dante.
“Kido’s profile hasn’t been updated since he moved from Radum to Kashan. However, it is expected that he has accumulated considerable enlightenment through the ability to eat, ‘the taste of memory’. Even the head-to-head simulation with Quan could not produce results.”
Rufist agreed.
“It seems like you can respond to Harvitz to some extent. There must be a reason Wu Orin keeps her by her side.”
Dante’s expression hardened.
“Kido is a strong wall. However, as an information mage, my personal opinion is that no wall can stop Quan. His level is unmatchable when it comes to swords.”
Dante’s true talent lay in evaluating the abilities of others rather than his own.
The albino sipped tea.
“Ho-oh, can you stab Kashan too?”
“It is possible if harmony between air and water is common sense. It is not known exactly how other countries will adjust the airborne ratio. For example, if Kashan uses Windzhang as his defense and Kido as his attacker, the total performance will actually drop. It’s inefficient. However, I would like to make a general comment by saying that inefficient gambling always happens in war.”
Rufist understood.
“Right. From Tormia’s point of view, there’s nothing more ineffective than putting Qu An on defense and Lai on offense. Oh, don’t be offended, Captain of the Guard.”
“it’s okay. Because I got it.” This time, Rai had no room for emotion.
“You can predict the opponent’s layout, but it’s at a level where you have to be able to respond to irregular strategies. That’s enough. We will push ahead according to the existing strategy.”
the albino asked.
“I mean, what about white hair?” It was Woorin.
“Looking at the alliance structure, Tormia is the only uncontrollable force. There is a sense of loss, but a thirsty guy will have to dig a well.”
“I agree. Expecting others to do something for you is a ploy to eat raw. The problem is, no one in the world actually eats it raw.”
said Dante.
“Strategically, Quan’s attack power is impenetrable against any nation. However, the variables that came out of the internal rehearsal should be checked before that… …
“Olifer Siena.”
The albino twisted his beard.
“She is a woman that the sword demon likes enough to give his life. It’s also the reason why she became one-armed.”
“yes. In intelligence strategy, risk reduction is more important than performance. Olifer Siena is a competent teacher, but she can become a shackle to Quan. I think this should be based on the dragon’s judgment, apart from the information.” The albino looked at Shirone and asked.
“Are you asking me to consider the efficiency of protecting Olifer Siena versus just killing her?”
Dante nodded.
“yes.”

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 1172 - Before Murder (3).txt
===============================
Before Murder (3)
Albino touched his beard.
“hmm. Quan is a difficult sword to handle. In that sense, Siena’s presence is great. In order to maintain her combat power, it would be better for her to keep her level, but… …
Rufist said.
“Other countries must be reading our thoughts.”
“yes. A nation that captures Siena can avoid Ku An’s sword. Especially Wu Lin. As much as the nape of my neck is cold, I will run at it desperately. If you get involved in it, you might end up with neither porridge nor rice.” It was a matter of airlift placement.
“It would be the easiest hand to throw away. I can see everything. Shall we listen to Yahweh’s opinion at this point?”
Shirone said.
“I will protect the teacher.”
It’s a fair theory, but Rufist tilted his head.
“Is it possible? If you protect Siena, someone else will die. It can’t be helped that there will be deaths while trying to protect everything. Because it is a rule of law. But if you show favoritism to someone, you will not be Yahweh, right?”
You cannot discriminate in your mind.
“do not misunderstand. To protect the teacher means to protect everyone. I have no intention of playing around with Harvits. I will break the plate.”
“It means attacking the system. Then there would be no contradiction in the heart… …
It’s that difficult.
“Is there a way? We’ve argued about this before, but an unattainable ideal won’t help.” said Guffin.
If you’re strong enough to protect the whole world, listen to everyone’s story.
‘I couldn’t.’
There were times when I shed tears out of resentment.
Of course, Ultima is still far away, but now he also had one card.
“You can do it.”
At least 7 million people will support him.
meeting room.
“I will take a break for a while. Have a nice lunch everyone and see you in the afternoon.”
Cyrano, the head of the International Tribunal, stood up coldly.
‘How dare you reject my resignation without my permission? What do these see me as now’?’
“Cyrano.”
Socrates said with a smirk.
“how is it? Would you like some tea?”
“Shut up, pig. Do you know who is responsible for these four months? Half the resignation, did you do it?”
“Procedurally, there is no problem. I just rejected yours when I submitted my resignation.”
“I will kill you someday.”
“Chuck! Hearing that reminds me of my youth. how is it? A hot night like that time… …
Seeing Cyrano’s fist flying, Socrates closed his eyes tightly.
When there was no shock, Cyrano was laughing in front of him when he quietly opened his eyes.
“Stupid bastard. Do you still remember what happened 20 years ago? that’s a pity And most importantly, I wasn’t even straight at the time.”
“No, what… … Wasn’t it good though?”
“Ho-ho-ho!”
Covering her mouth, Cyrano laughed and took out tweezers from her cosmetics purse and threw them away.
“receive. It is a gift.”
“gift?”
“You seem lonely these days, that will help. Enjoy it alone.”
Even after Cyrano turned around, Socrates stared at the tweezers for a long time.
My hands were trembling.
‘It’s soggy. annoying.’
Cyrano left the meeting room with a sigh and found a familiar face.
‘Armin of the light’s eye.’
I heard that he is an Ivory Tower resident and is currently serving as the brain of Corona Kingdom.
‘What’s going on here? There’s no particular VIP.’
Powerful people from each country would focus on protecting the king or attacking the king of another country.
“Siena.”
Armin approached Siena, who came out with the teachers of Tormia Magic School.
“brother.”
When Siena was visibly flustered, Shirano put on an excited expression.
‘Oh my, my. Was it like that?’
said Armin.
“Can we talk?”
“that is??????
While the teachers moved away, Siena looked over his shoulder at the corridor.
Armin’s wife, disguised or not, Keira leaned against the wall with her arms crossed.
‘what’s this? People in trouble.’
Armin is still a good older brother, but it was uncomfortable for the three of them to get together like this.
“What is it?”
“Exile to Corona. Right Now.”
“what?”
Siena was taken aback.
“Why is that? What is it?”
‘People who play cards… …
I was just about to hear the results of a simulation of this murder before a corona think tank.
“You know that. The sword fighting has begun. Tormia will not do her best for you.”
Since it is a system led by Havitz, it is difficult to make an accurate prediction, but one thing is certain: “Your life is in danger.” Siena understood.
“so? Abandon the country and run away?”
“All forces are focused on VIPs. Now you are just a teacher. Come to Corona first.”
As Armin grabbed his wrist, Siena shook it off.
“Don’t treat me like a kid. I can protect my body. And it was my older brother who asked me to become a teacher.”
“How are you going to protect it? Do you know who the people who are after you are? Unless it’s stop magic… …
“stop.”
He had no face seeing Keira.
“Why are you doing this? Is there someone important to you over there? Now I have someone I love.”
That guy is the problem, you idiot. too strong
“Quan will not be able to come. A royal decree has already been issued. To protect you against the laws of the country… …
“What happened?”
Cyrano, who had been eavesdropping on the conversation with interest, turned her head with a surprised expression.
‘Oh my goodness?’
It was Parka Kuan, a one-armed swordsman approaching with a limp on one leg.
“Mr. Quan.”
Armin didn’t expect it, but the person who was most surprised was Siena herself.
“How are you here?”
Kuan, who looked to the left and right as if people’s attention was strange, spoke calmly.
“I think the meeting is over. To have lunch together… … Are you busy’?”
Quan was a difficult sword to handle.
“Oh, no. I’m a bit perplexed. So, I thought Mr. Kuan would be busy.”
“There are some orders, but nothing urgent. And since I made a promise, I have to keep it.”
Promise to be by her side.
Siena, who was dazed for a moment, quickly regained her smile and embraced Kuan’s arm.
“Come on, let’s go eat.”
She turned to Armin.
“Your brother is back too. don’t worry here The temple situation is not good, so take care of yourself. I was very skinny.”
In front of Siena, who finally relaxed, Armin couldn’t be stubborn.
“Yeah, got it.”
The bandaged eyes looked back at Quan, but did not say a favor.
‘It’s presumptuous.’ Armin turned her around and Keira bounced her off the wall, brushing her hair.
“Are you relieved now? then… …
At that moment, the wind blew.
Everyone in the hallway turned their heads in the direction of the gale, but there was nothing.
‘On the other side!’
Twenty people wearing owl masks and black capes occupied the corridor before I knew it.
“?????Pungjang.”
I felt that something was coming, but I couldn’t shake the feeling that it was too soon.
said the head of the squadron.
“Olifer Siena. From this time on, we take over your recruits. Follow me obediently.”
As Quan was about to draw his sword, the leader held out his hand.
“Don’t get me wrong. I’m not trying to fight. We are trying to protect that woman.”
“protect? from whom? To begin with, Siena-san belongs to the kingdom of Tormia.”
“For example… …
The outstretched hand of the leader pointed forward.
“Something like that?”
At the same time that the entire party turned their heads, about 10 bombs flew.
“Yeah-ho!”
A gang with chicken heads was throwing bombs with their tongues sticking out.
Cyrano shouted, blocking the entrance to the small meeting room.
“damage!”
An explosion occurred.
‘Kuu! Those……
Most of them were able to move, but there were also temple staff who had no fighting skills.
‘Do you openly terrorize?’
As the smoke clears, I see the huge back of Socrates blocking the way. The swaying flesh of the poodle became calm, and he looked back with a smile.
” are you okay?”
“Move! You can’t see it!”
Pushing the bulky back, she headed for the collapsed wall through which the key characters escaped.
“oh my god.”
A bloody fight was going on.
“They are not trained. You hired a mercenary to hide your origins. What country is it?”
Each of them had different personalities and skills, but she could tell from a distance.
‘I’m only targeting that woman.’
Wrapped around Siena’s waist, Kuan used external gravity to avoid numerous swords.
‘I can’t last long.’
Even if it was Chicken Head, Fengzhang’s simultaneous attack was also a considerable pressure for Kuan.
The biggest problem is… … .
‘Siena.’
A one-armed man cannot fight while defending someone.
“Quan.”
Armin approached him just as he was escaping the encirclement with a path that defied common sense.
“Leave Siena to me.”
“This is not the time to be stubborn. You can’t even draw a sword in that state. I will definitely protect it.”
Armin of the stop magic.
“Please.”
Knowing what kind of risk Kuan was taking, Siena couldn’t refuse.
“Careful.”
After those words, Siena walked away, and the sword was finally in Kuan’s hand.
“These… …
Poongjang and Chicken Head, trying to take Siena as if she had been entrusted with it.
“Am I that funny?”
early um.
As the world quickly turned left and right, the eyes of everyone entangled with Quan spun around.
Chicken Head screamed.
“Eh, what is this… … Kuck!”
Dozens of people’s necks fell off before they could feel the state.
‘I don’t need flying flies.’
Kuan’s gaze, rushing like a gale, aimed at the wind field floating in the air.
“It’s really creepy.”
Despite the feeling that the world was shaking, the head of the wind field did not even move.
‘joy! How long will I be able to relax… …
Just as Kuan was about to leap forward, a different dimension of life began to flow from the left and right.
‘ what?’
Kashan’s guards, near, middle, and circle, were charging at different distances.
“Keugh!”
At the same time, Quan, who hastily activated external gravity, disappeared in their blind spot.
“… … Jibakryeong.”
Powerful gravity grabbed my ankle.
In front of his eyes as he crashed to the ground with a thump, a silver spear blade flew like a hawk’s beak.
“Huh!” Using muscle vibration to destroy gravity, Quan rotated his body and swung his sword.
The battle stopped, and Kuan and Kido were aiming at each other in front of everyone.
Cyrano’s eyes widened.
“The captain of Kashan’s guard?”
Up to the wind chief, the guards, and the captain of the guards.
“You sent all available power? To catch that one woman?”
“I am not a woman.”
Socrates came to the side.
“It’s to prevent that inspection.”
said Quan.
“Go back. Your mission has failed. Siena can never be taken away
does not exist.”
“Is it really so?”
Kido pointed to the sky with a wink.
80 Fengzhang flew from the other side of the sky and formed one with the current squadron.
People’s eyes flashed with shock.
“100 people?”
The completeness of the wind field.
The lead of the formation promptly changed, and Yula, the leader of the wind field, took off the owl mask.
“Quan.”
Then he pointed his sword at the ground and said.
“This is your defeat again.”

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 1173 - Before Murder (4) 1.txt
===============================
Before Murder (4)
The terrorist incident at the small conference hall quickly spread through the mouths of the people present.
The most shocking news was the fact that all of Kashan’s core forces had been put into action.
“Boss!”
An NIS entourage who skipped personnel procedures told Dante during the briefing.
“Code A is being attacked by Ka Shan near the small conference room. Allies are assisting.”
Code A meant Kuan and Siena, Code B meant Kuan, and Code C meant Siena.
“what?”
Rufist’s eyebrows wrinkled.
“You are too fast. Wasn’t code C the one with the highest chance of enemies moving?”
Even Dante didn’t understand this time.
“Why? I wouldn’t be able to make it.” said the attendant.
“Kashan’s forces attacking code A are 100 wind generals, near, middle, far, and guards, chief Qido.” The moment he heard those words, the people gathered in the secret room felt like they had been hit in the head with a hammer.
“entire… … Did you put it in?”
Rufist said.
“A strategy to press down with force instead of choosing code A. That’s why it was so fast.”
That’s how much he fears Kuan.
Tess jumped up.
“I don’t have time to be like this. I will muster an army. We have to go there too… … !”
“for a moment.”
The albino raised his hand.
“wait for a sec. That means that Kashan has committed all its forces. Then, what is the Empress’ current defensive power?”
close to zero
“ah.”
At the same time as everyone realized, the albino slammed the table and turned his head.
“I do not have time!”
Bloodshot eyes signaled an urgent situation.
“Go and kill her!”
Meanwhile, a great chase took place at the Delta Headquarters.
“Hurray! It’s a hunt, a hunt!” A scoundrel with a chicken head was chasing the Empress of Kashan, who was wearing a hood.
“Ha ha ha! got it!”
“Kyaaak!”
After defeating the target, the hood was removed to reveal a woman wearing a silver wig.
“damn! Boom again! Don’t you pay for this?”
The head of Chicken Head shook his head as he raised his knife to cut his throat.
“Don’t kill me. There are many high-ranking people here. It can be difficult to deal with later.”
“haha! You heard the captain too. Either way, Satan or something overwrites everything.”
“Even so, that guy… … huh?” The chief blinked his eyes.
“Who was it?”
The name Havitz did not come to mind.
“Kuk!”
Shirone, who was speeding towards the scene of the incident, suddenly frowned.
‘Something just happened.’
Harvits is gone.
Although she hated the feeling of being out of touch, Shirone eventually caught on to the truth.
‘Vanishing. It’s triggered.’
The killing game has begun again.
‘Who is the target this time?’
Whoever it was, there was only one thing Shirone could do.
“Mika.”
– yes.
“How long does it take for Elicia to be completed?”
Mika’s portrait sense transcended time and space and sensed all the tribesmen of the Southern Continent.
-Integrated EEG 7,033,019 detected. That’s 99.8 percent of the total rate. Estimated time of arrival, 13 seconds.
‘late.’
That was enough time to kill a person.
“omg! omg!”
Uorin, who spread dozens of shadow warriors, continued her lonely escape.
“That way! Go grab it!”
The armed forces of each country that received intelligence were frantic to take Uorin’s head.
She activated future poetry.
‘This is not the way.’
When the law was shaken by the time wave led by Paras, a tremendous headache came.
“Huh!”
As soon as she turned the corner, she collapsed and heard the sound of the chase coming through the walls.
“find! You wouldn’t have gotten out yet!”
She scratched the marble floor.
‘I won’t die!’
With one hand deeply pressed down on the hood, she gnashed her teeth and crawled.
‘Do you think I will die? I’m Woorin. By all means, even by crawling through hell… …
The headache was gone, and she started running again.
‘Because I will survive!’ As I was running through a complex maze-like hallway, someone approached me from the side.
“The Empress!”
Uorin’s heart sank, realizing that it was Gando, sighed.
“Give me some support. I am so dizzy.” “You have been patient. I’ll take it now. You should be able to get out of Delta.”
Future City also said so.
“okay. Let’s go.”
However, there was only one thing that future vision could never see.
“I was waiting for you.” Havits said, but he couldn’t perceive anything of him in his vanishing state.
“I can read your mind clearly.”
The first murder was a paving stone, and Uorin without Kido was completely defenseless against Satan.
“I’ll take it.”
Slit her throat and absorb the History Search.
said Mika.
-Integrated EEG 7,047,113 detected. Elykiah is complete.
‘Now!’
The moment he heard the words, Shirone stopped teleportation and activated the Miracle Stream.
Light leaked out of her eyes, and Shirone clenched her teeth at the power to the point of being frightened.
“Big!”
The category in which the power of the mind of 7 million people can change the laws of the world.
‘Where are you hiding?’
It was a power that could completely deny the atrocious laws separated from Ultima.
“Havitz!”
The light from Hexa crossed the Delta main building and formed a dome with a radius of several kilometers.
and that moment.
“Die, Uorin.”
Havitz’s vanishing was canceled.
“uh?”
At that point, what Gando and Uorin saw was a long sword that was close by.
‘Why are you here?’
Before Uorin could stop thinking, Gando pushed her shoulder aside.
In the moment of Gando’s throat being cut, they met each other’s eyes.
‘mother.’
He seemed to be smiling, but he couldn’t be sure because his neck was flying through the air.
As she watched the blood flowing backwards in front of her eyes, she unknowingly hit her buttock.
“what?”
Harvitz turned towards the hallway.
“How did know?”
Having read Shirone’s mind with the god’s frequency, he turned to Uorin and said.
“You were lucky.”
Before I could even comprehend the current situation with my head, a shock close to fear seized my brain.
‘This is Satan.’
Even though the blow of conversion failed, I couldn’t find any emotion from him.
“Hmm.”
A fly hovered in Harvitz’s left pupil and shot out like a tentacle, grabbing Gando’s face.
Watching his face get absorbed, Uorin desperately suppressed a moan.
could have been her
“With this, two people.”
Habitz turned around, shaking off his longsword.
“An hour ahead.”
Those who were fighting outside of Delta were also enveloped in Shirone’s light.
“what?”
Through quantum transmission, they all felt like one giant organism.
Of course, when the light disappeared, everything went back to square one.
However, what remained in their memories was Satan’s current state, as conveyed by Shirone.
“Havitz… …
killed the gando
In other words, each country must be held accountable for a murder that takes place within an hour from now.
‘It’s a truce.’
Amidst the bloody winds that raged on the temple, the Kashan troops were lost in thought.
‘It’s dangerous at this rate.’
Even if Havitz stepped down, it didn’t change that Uorin was defenseless.
‘I have to protect the queen.’
At the point when even Gando died, the Kashan Guard felt a return instinct close to desire.
“Big!”
The one who felt the pain the most was Kido, who was engaged in a skirmish with Kuan.
‘Uorin, do we have to do more? You almost died.’
The leader of Poongjang, Yula, said.
“Catch Siena.”
The only thing left for the ruthless Sword Demon was to obey the Queen’s command.
When 100 wind lances flew at Armin, Kido had no choice but to leave.
“Sheesh!”
As the spear spun and moved like a wheel, Quan also caught up with him through external gravity.
‘strong.’
As different gravitational forces interlocked, the direction of the area was jumbled.
Keira shouted.
“Armin! Dangerous!”
What could not be avoided even with flicker magic was probably the 100 Fengzhang.
‘damn!’
The moment the blade comes in.
‘stop!’
The magic of conversion was activated, and 30 people caught up in the time field were frozen.
“it’s okay. For now… …
As Armin wiped the sweat from his chin, 12 black shadows were born from under his feet.
Devil’s time, 0.666 seconds.
‘Is it finished?’ “Yahweh.”
Harvits murmured.
“I can’t be the only one who gets annoyed. yes’?”
“For Satan!”
The 12 Shioks rising from the ground spun rapidly and shattered the time field.
The windmill moved, and a sword flew into Armin’s arms holding Siena.
“Dangerous!”
As Siena pushed Armin away with air-type magic, the blade grazed her fingertips.
“Acquire target.”
Windjang, which had snatched her up like a hawk, returned to the formation at the speed of a gale.
“Siena!”
Kuan, whose eyes were upturned, kicked the ground, and Kido, aiming for the gap, stabbed his spear.
“It’s over??????!”
The Hand of God flew in from the side, grabbed Kido and beat him.
After bouncing off the ground, he regained his balance and raised his head and bit his lip.
“Shirone… …
“Kid too.”
Fengzhang and Quan were nowhere to be seen.
“Siena!”
Yula gave instructions at Quan’s voice as he chased Fengzhang at terrifying speed.
“Five squadrons advanced.”
“yes.”
The 60 Fengzhang dispersed like smoke and spun like a storm in front of Quan.
Quan’s body was gradually shattered in the countless series of attacks.
– I’ll give you a round of applause.
An eerie voice was heard.
-30 people were enough to break your ankle. But now it’s 60 people.
“Siena!”
Blood splattered along the turbulence.
– The result is the same. you are still a bug it’s still ugly Get crushed by our swords.
Wind field’s attack, accelerating per second, began to catch up with the initial woom movement.
As the knife’s approach got closer by 0.1 millimeters, the scars began to increase on the body.
-That’s the limit. I am a lamp before the wind.
‘Siena.’
-Your swordsmanship is also great.
O……OOOOI
Fengzhang’s displeasure permeated the air as a hollow laugh erupted from Quan’s lips.
-Is that your will?
‘Swordsmanship?’
Where in the world is there such a swordsmanship that destroys oneself?
‘I am Pierrot.’
A clown who just dances swords because he can’t make the woman he loves happy.
‘still… …
Kuan’s eyes dimmed.
‘I kept my ring hand.’ Sensing Quan’s change, all 60 Fung Zhang were thinking the same thing.
– what?
As if one eye was covered, Quan’s figure was flickering in his field of vision.
‘My last skill, though it’s ugly.’
It is the last choice of Kuan, who cannot raise his senses due to any abnormality.
‘Please smile.’
It was half of everything that made him, half of his brain.
‘The pole of asymmetry.’ The accident was blown away, and the area where half of the schema had disappeared was not even sensible.
“Hehe. Hehehe.”
A single tear rolled down Quan’s cheek.
“Keep… … all. Siena.” It was the only thing that remained in his mind even though his language skills had declined.
The wind shuddered.
“Kill!”
Not in a bleak voice, but in a lively shout, 60 wind chimes attacked him.
and… … .
A huge storm of blood and flesh, which cannot be attributed to one person, rages
hit
Clown Pierrot – Idiot White Disease.

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 1174 - Facts and Lies (1) 1.txt
===============================
Facts and Lies (1)
Siena, caught by Yula, the leader of the wind farm, twisted her body with all her might.
“Quan! Quan!”
“Don’t be fooled. Even now, cutting your throat is no business.”
Yula’s words were probably true, but he also knew that he wouldn’t be able to kill himself easily.
“That’s it! I will follow you So don’t attack Quan.”
Yula said nothing.
‘It must be killed.’
The reason Siena was held hostage in the first place was to neutralize Kuan.
‘Is there any restraint more powerful than death?’
May this be the end.
As Yula flew away with such thoughts, a terrible sound was captured in her ears.
‘what?’
When I turned around, the blood and flesh were spinning as if they were being ground by a machine.
“stop.”
The squadron of 40 stopped, and the blood drained from Siena’s face.
“Quan??????
How many humans must be replaced to create what we can see now?
“Siena!”
When Kuan appeared through Fengzhang’s defenses, Yula quickly confirmed the death.
“37 people.”
It was probably a battle of around 10 seconds, and in the meantime, more than half of the 60-member formation had been cut down.
it is abandoned
“Big!”
Landing on the ground while spinning, Kuan performed a sword dance alone as if to appease the wrath of the sword.
The sight of him limping on one leg and wielding a sword with one arm was ridiculous at first glance.
“Siena… … protect.”
Every time he limped, the world shook, and sickness set in every time the sword spun.
Yula realized.
“I can’t predict what’s next. The probability of going from action to action has been completely destroyed.”
That is the realm of idiot.
It was the reason that Kuan seemed to disappear and reappear every moment from her gaze.
The survivors of Pungjang returned to the main base.
“sorry.”
It’s something that can’t be blamed.
‘Yes, it’s a world where mistakes are not tolerated. Fengzhang is the best swordsman group in the world.’
Realizing fluid dynamics with the human body is a state that cannot be reached with effort alone.
‘Even though there were a lot of losses during the Great Cleanup, the new recruits filled the void with their genius.’
Even in the rehearsal of squadron battles, his skill was so perfect that there was almost no difference between him and a veteran.
‘But Kuan, for that man… …
Did even that trivial gap seem like a huge gap between life and death?
‘Thirty-seven people who died like that.’
Yula, lost in thought, slowly lowered her sword and took off her owl mask.
‘Parka Quan.’
He was walking with a limp on one leg, but it was unknown whether it would be the same in the next moment.
A cold sweat broke out on her forehead.
‘It’s a murderous grotesque.’
He doesn’t know what will happen in the next moment, but Kuan is sure to carry it out.
‘In other words, that man… …
A symmetrical being of Yula, and an existence that became the same at the apex.
“Stop.”
The moment her sword aimed at Quan’s forehead, his steps stopped for the first time.
As the scenery vibrated, Fengzhang gnashed his teeth.
“Keugh!”
To put it in a realm, the accuracy of Yula’s aiming the sword was probably atomic.
‘I’m not caught.’
Quan was also impossible without moving the body with the same level of precision.
‘It looks like it’s stopped, but it’s actually moving. Of course, humans will never be able to observe it.’
So what has changed is the feeling.
“Quan, I sincerely congratulate you. You have reached the pinnacle of technology today.” “So don’t suggest me again. This is the first time in my history. Become a member of the wind field.”
There was determination in her eyes.
“I will give you the authority to lead the first squadron.”
He was the leader of the wind farm.
“Captain.”
Yula ignored Daewon’s words.
“You asked before, isn’t it embarrassing to be called the strongest in group swordsmanship? In return, you lost a leg, but now you have the right to say that. lead the wind This position is proof that the world’s strongest swordsmanship.”
Everything she said was sincere, as she had never broken her convictions in her life.
Kuan looked up at the sky and replied.
“Siena… … protect.”
Somewhere in the incoherent tone, not only Poongjang, but also Siena had a terrifying thought.
‘no. It can’t be.’ It’s just the edge of something.
‘Now that I’m in danger, I have no choice but to do something. therefore… …
It will be something that can be reversed.
Unlike Siena, who was blindly obsessed with it, Yula finally understood everything.
“is it?”
that there is no choice but to do so.
‘It’s a pity.’
To hide the emotion on her face, she put on the owl mask again.
“Kill him.”
Except for Yula, all of Fengzhang exploded.
It spread and flew towards Quan.
In the garden of the Delta headquarters, Shirone and Kido were sending each other their murderous intentions.
“Shirone.”
Kido only moved his lips.
“I don’t want to fight with you.”
“It is the same.”
Although they were enemies, they knew all too well why they were fighting each other.
“I want to go to Uorin. That’s all.”
Not only Tormia, but the troops of each temple must have been frantic to kill the empress.
“Why are you here?”
Shirone asked.
“As you said, protecting Uorin is all wealth. Couldn’t you stop her? Why did you join in?”
“Uorin… …
There was sadness in Kido’s eyes.
“You don’t like me.” “All I can do is this. She will leave me if I don’t give her what she wants.”
‘it is not so.’
Uorin would not abandon Kido, but he understood Kido’s sorrow.
Shirone said.
“I’m worried about Siena-sensei. Mr. Kuan too.”
Since Tormia gave up on Siena, the only person who could rescue them was Shirone.
‘I’ve been wasting too much time here. Mr. Quan won’t last long.’
Through Omega, he knows the fighting power of 100 Fengzhang.
‘Especially Yula… …
As Shirone withdrew his hostility and turned around, Kashan’s guards moved slowly.
It was a truce due to mutual needs, but Kido said this while passing by Shirone.
“I owe you.”
Shirone’s eyes grew hot.
“Kid too.”
The two passed each other and turned around, and Shirone asked with a smile.
“Are we friends?”
Kido kicked the ground and said.
“of course.”
No one in the wind field screamed, but Siena wanted to cover her ears.
The sound of flesh being cut, the sound of bones snapping, the sound of wind blowing from organs.
It was as if the body was screaming.
“now stop… … !”
It was unknown how much Quan’s share would be in the bloody whirlpool that was born in front of him.
“Siena!”
A rain of blood and flesh poured down around Quan, who jumped out screaming like a demon.
Now the number of Fungjang is 24.
Fengzhang’s annihilation was already decided in that he had cut down 75 people alone.
Yula muttered.
“Wonderful.”
wind is the wind
The reason why the wind is the strongest is also because no one can avoid the wind… … .
“I can’t reach you.”
Quan was avoiding the wind.
Lame, one-armed, one-eyed, one-eared, now even his thoughts will not be perfect.
‘No, I don’t have to think about it.’
Watching the sword demon’s sword dance, Yula shuddered at the memory flooding from distant nostalgia.
‘Was it that?’
I couldn’t picture the ideal swordsmanship with my head, but there was a feeling that transcended the five senses.
‘The swordsmanship the girl dreamed of.’
A killing machine that can cut down on everyone while ignoring all strength-based factors.
‘I wanted to become the strongest prosecutor.’ She became the leader of the Fungjang, able to command 99 swordsman geniuses like limbs.
And now, the genius she had ruined was destroying all meaning.
“Siena… …
Every time he limped and drew his sword, Fengzhang’s black curtain was stained red with blood.
‘I cut it.’
Achilles tendon cut out.
That should have ended the path of the sword, but in the end Quan came a long way back.
‘Is it to protect this woman?’ If a sword is meant to kill someone, then Yula was definitely the world’s strongest swordsman.
‘Quan’s sword… …
A sword to protect someone.
“Let’s make a decision.”
After putting Siena on the ground, Yula walked towards Kuan, who cut down 99 people.
‘The back is empty.’
The moment Siena was about to enter the Spirit Zone, Yula spoke first.
“Make no mistake.” How sensitive she is, Siena asked herself.
‘I know the sensitivity of the test. It doesn’t seem to be a different reaction from other tests. But obviously… …
The idea that it is much faster, or an illusion?
If feeling is a realm that cannot be measured by humans, Yula’s feeling is indeed a monster.
“If you want to fight, do it. But think carefully about whether your actions will benefit or harm him.”
Siena could not intervene.
‘I don’t even know how to help.’
Yula moved again.
‘I can reach it.’
Fengzhang embodies fluid dynamics with her body, but her realm goes much deeper than that.
‘My senses are in the right place.’
Even in the quiet surface of the water, the reality is that numerous atoms are moving in a chaotic manner.
“The culmination of Jung-Jung-Dong.”
In Yula’s eyes, Quan seemed to blink, but he aimed precisely at the black heart.
“Goes.”
Quan and Yula moved at the same time.
Relatively slow compared to their inaction
Because of the speed, Siena was puzzled.
What happened at the moment of the collision, she never knew.
The wind blew, and the two quietly crossed each other, keeping their backs to each other in silence.
The owl mask split in two, revealing Yula’s pale, smiling face.
A drop of blood ran down the forehead, passed the bridge of the nose and lips, and reached the chin.
“under… … under.”
It cut through the chest to a depth that could not be matched by an inch, and left the center line while bisecting the abdominal muscles.
Blood poured out like a fountain from the gap between the blades, and Yula’s body fell over with the output.
“Quan!”
Siena ran to Kuan, who was kneeling down.
“Quan! are you okay? Quan!”
“I didn’t reach you.”
Surprised by Yula’s voice, Siena turned her head with a wary look.
“I almost got there… … It didn’t reach.”
Why?
‘ iced coffee.’
Yula’s confused eyes calmed down.
‘Should I protect it?’
To Yula, Uorin is just an object she has to persevere for her beliefs.
“That would be nice.”
Yula’s expression was ready.
“Because I have become the noblest person in this world. More than the Empress of Kashan.”
I couldn’t breathe anymore.
‘I’m sorry, Empress.’
He died, hoping that one day you will meet someone who will truly give it to you.
“Quan, Quan.”
Siena shook Kuan again.
“Siena.”
“Quan! Are you awake?”
Her face turned pale, but the moment she saw Quan’s condition, she turned pale again.
“… … protect.”
She shook her head.
“no. It’s all over now. that you won So you can come back now.”
“Siena… … I… …
“No!”
Siena could not accept it.
“Where is this law! without telling me! You said you’d be by my side!
never again, never again… … !”
that I won’t leave
Realizing the contradiction in those words, she buried her face in Quan’s chest.
“Aaaaa! Aaaaa!”
Shirone noticed the flesh all over the place, Yula’s corpse, and Quan muttering the same thing.
“teacher… …
In front of Siena’s sobbing figure, he couldn’t think of any words of comfort.

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 1175 - Facts and Lies (2).txt
===============================
Facts and Lies (2)
By the time Siena’s cries died down, Kuan fell on her unconscious.
“Quan.”
She checked her condition with a surprised expression, but fortunately her heart was beating.
Shirone asked.
“Sir, what happened?” Siena, who was lost in her thoughts, spoke.
“Fengzhang has been annihilated. And Kuan… … It feels like they gave up something for me.”
She turned to Shirone.
“I can’t go to the temple like this. I want to take care of Kuan for a while. Would that be okay?”
“… … yes.”
Even in Shirone’s thoughts, Kuan didn’t want to be on the battlefield anymore.
“Do not worry too much. Kuan is a strong person. He will definitely come back.”
Shirone didn’t know how that could be, but Siena nodded.
“okay. I will never give up. Kuan will definitely come back to me
peel.”
The Sword Demon left the battlefield.
The front of the Delta Headquarters was noisy with the sound of demonstrations by city leaders who had gathered from the morning.
“Get away from Geese!”
“Let’s uphold Shirone’s will! Yahweh is also accusing Kish of absurdity!”
Thanks to a line in the article, Shirone also rose to fame.
The voices of nearly 600 people reached the Delta Headquarters through the garden.
“ha.”
The man who was looking out the window in the neutral zone’s office sighed.
My name is Raymond.
He was Geese’s political rival and the man who sold the trap in collusion with Arachne.
‘It seems that my heart is being torn by the cries of the citizens. How should I change this filthy country?’
Tears welled up in his eyes as he remembered the political mission he had to fulfill in the future.
“Mrs. Raymond.” While the escort knights were on guard, Phaedra, the prime minister of Arachne, entered.
“Ah, are you here?”
Raymond hurriedly stole his tears, but he couldn’t fool Phaedra’s eyes.
“You must be very concerned.”
“It is. So many people are worried about the future of the Jive Kingdom. I feel like I have a stake in it, so I don’t feel comfortable.”
“Don’t think so. Isn’t it all to make the world a better place? You are doing well.”
“Whoa.”
As Raymond let out a sad sigh, Phaedra patted his shoulder and pointed to the door.
“Let’s go together. There is nothing like exercise for stress. Sweating is the best.”
“Maybe?”
The place where Phaedra took Raymond was the deepest part of the Arachne sector.
A beautiful middle-aged woman greeted them.
“welcome.”
She was the leader of Arachne’s think tank, Yoeumbang, which focuses on beauty.
“Make it a quiet place.”
“All right.”
With Raymond’s escort guarding the door, the two entered the secret room.
Two women were chained limb to limb.
“Today I will win.”
As Phaedra raised the whip, Raymond also picked up one and savored the feel of the leather.
aka Crying Game. The rules were simple.
The first player to hit the woman tied to the cage once each wins.
When Phaedra took the lead, the sound of flesh being torn was heard along with the sound of a sharp wind.
“Huh!”
The woman held back her screams.
The moment he committed evil with his upbringing, he would be subjected to far more terrible things than he was now.
Raymond swung his whip.
“scratch!”
The woman’s waist was bent like a bow.
“A guy like you is king? On the topic of ruining Jive! Do you know how hard it is for citizens? uh? Right now, citizens are possessed with tears of blood!”
After Phaedra’s turn, when it was Raymond’s turn again, a crackling sound erupted.
“Oh oh.”
Havits, who was squatting in the corner and eating snacks, opened her eyes wide.
“This one was good.”
He stopped by this place whenever he was bored and was concentrating as if he were watching a sports game.
“An equal world! uh? I am the only one who can create a world where everyone is equal!”
Harvitz’s eyes were locked in the abyss.
‘Do you think it’s a contradiction?’
people of the world.
‘No, this is human.’ A monster of self-justification.
‘Arm yourself with every conceivable logic. After all, morality, conscience… …
It may be true for some.
‘In reality, that too is just self-justification to hide weakness. The strong have no conscience.’
what is human
‘It’s because if you have the ability to do something and don’t damage yourself, you can commit anything.’
Raymond did everything in his power.
“For Jive!”
When the whip hit the spot where the blood was flowing again, the woman’s mouth opened wide.
“Kyaaaaaa!”
Phaedra threw the whip and clapped.
“bravo! Is this a record?”
“ha! ha!”
Then he put his hand on the shoulder of Raymond, who was breathing heavily, and smiled.
“Are you feeling better?”
“Whoa! yes. Sweating off makes me feel better. Thanks to you, I played well.”
“This is what I do. Just say it anytime. And this woman…?”
Phaedra severed the screaming woman’s rope and she fell to the ground like a corpse.
“I have to dispose of it anyway, so take it with me. Yoeumbang will take care of the aftermath.”
“Poor you. Can’t you save it?”
“yes. Because if there is an exception, the game won’t work. Isn’t there such a thing as a system?”
“but.”
“Get a good rest today. Since the trap was dug properly, Gis will not be able to escape. Now, peace comes to Jive as well. Under the rule of King Raymond.”
Raymond was heartbroken.
“It is all thanks to the Prime Minister. When I become the king, I will never forget today.”
“Enjoy, enjoy.”
When Phaedra beckoned, the maids of Yoeumbang dragged the woman into the room.
“then.”
Then, as soon as Raymond said hello, Ma quickly followed after him.
Phaedra clicked her tongue.
‘anyway… …
The brain is like a child, and when exposed to certain pleasures, it forgets the lesser pleasures.
‘Always want something more stimulating. If you can do it and it doesn’t hurt you… …
He didn’t think deeply.
“Well, that’s why we also eat and live.”
The women in Yoeumbang threw the woman with blood on her back onto the bed and left.
“Huh. Whoops.”
Raymond touched her wound.
“Are you sick?”
“Ahhh!”
“Yeah, it hurts. My heart hurts too. Be patient. I’ll make it easy for you soon… …
At that moment, a woman’s thumb entered Raymond’s left neck.
“please! Ugh!”
Even in the midst of surprise, I tried to make a sound, but it was exactly a situation where my vocal cords were blocked.
“okay. It hurts, you son of a bitch.”
When she raised her upper body and twisted her thumb, the positions of the two were completely reversed.
“Turn it off… … !”
Even when he was crushed by a woman, Raymond saw that her claws were sharp.
‘Sal, save me! Bodyguard! My bodyguard!’
“Ho Ho! Even though the gills are clogged, it still flutters! After all, fresh is the best.”
Moistening her lips with her tongue, she began dismembering Raymond’s throat with her ten fingers.
A terrible sound was heard, and finally, having ripped all of her flesh, she severed the vertebrae in her neck.
“Whoa!”
As I grabbed the hair from my neck and got off the bed, a member of Yoeumbang entered.
“It’s done?”
the woman asked, lifting Raymond’s neck.
“The escort driver?”
“Me and Roro took care of it.”
As she tore open her mouth, flesh could be seen between sharp teeth leaking deadly poison.
“Because it never ends with lips.”
“okay. let’s go.”
She placed Raymond’s head in a wooden box, closed the lid, and walked away.
Phaedra was waiting.
“I have done it.”
When I opened the lid, Raymond’s face appeared, staring at the ceiling with his eyes wide open.
“Hey, Mr. Raymond.”
Phaedra brought her face closer.
“Why are you making such a scary face? Is it because it’s unfair to die? yes?
Are you embarrassed?”
His hand patted Raymond’s cheek.
“Hey, say something. I don’t know why you died Shall I tell you?” “Because it’s clumsy.”
Phaedra smiled and stepped back.
“Because you’re the second-in-command of Jive, and you’re next to Gis, did you think you could be anything? You are not a king or anything. There is nothing you can give me.”
If Raymond had been able to reveal his shameful appearance to the bodyguards… … .
“That’s why you’re not good for Geese.”
Geese can do it.
The woman in Yoeumbang asked as she closed the box.
“What about the settlement?”
“70 percent was paid in advance. If the neck is crossed, the balance will be paid, and the deal is over.”
“One percent is ours.”
It was 1 percent of the astronomical amount Gis had to pay to Arachne.
“Okay, man. pecking.”
From the beginning, Arachne had no intention of making Raymond the King of Jive.
‘If you want to rip the ribbon, you have to rip it properly.’ Even if voting was important, there was no way a powerful country like Jive would yield to Arachne.
Therefore, after trapping Geese, he demanded money in return for saving him.
Phaedra rubbed the fingers of both hands.
“Big money. this is business Fold slowly. The temple work is over, so why not enjoy it?”
The leader of Yoeumbang asked.
“Will Geese be okay? I have a feeling I did too badly. What if we use dumpers?”
“are you okay. That should be enough to not be intimidating. Raymond’s throat was cut, so we’ll take care of the rest.”
“Then what about Rangi?”
Phaedra’s eyebrows twitched.
“Sheesh! It seems like a clever thing. leave it alone for now It must mean that you want to live as long as you give up your share and stick to Yahweh. I won’t do anything stupid.”
Having heard that far, Havitz turned around.
‘Hmm, Rangira.’
I had to find another target because it was going to be an hour since I killed Gando.
‘It’s a bit vague. If you get directly entangled with Yahweh, it’s annoying. There should be a goblin next to Uorin…
At times like this, God’s frequency was resentful.
‘It’s not fun.’
The back story of Arachne Kingdom, which would have been fun to listen to in the past, was just boring.
‘Greater pleasure. Does such a thing exist?’
As I was walking down the aisle with that thought in mind, I heard a familiar voice from around the corner.
“Havitz.”
I stopped walking and slowly turned around to see Zetaro and Sumodo standing side by side.
“I… … see?”
It was in a vanishing state.
Havits, who was watching the two staring into the sky, turned his gaze to the side.
Wena Wizard was standing.
“Hoo?”
Vanishing was released, and Zetaro and Sumodo finally recognized Habits as their head.
“Havitz, long time no see.”
“is it? I don’t know. Why did you come here all of a sudden? You want to join the assassination game?”
“no. I want to suggest a game I made.”
“Hmm.”
Not using God’s frequency didn’t mean I wasn’t interested at all.
“Well, the only thing that can kill me is the game. But am I still having enough fun?”
Rather, I wanted to play with Wizard.
“Why don’t we just mess around? I have something I want to do after I kill you guys quickly.”
Zetaro was saddened by the fact that Havitz’s eyes were fixed on the Wizard.
‘If I can’t convince you, there’s no chance.’
said with that thought.
“You will like it. It’s okay to risk your life.”
“Hoo.”
“Facts and lies. That is the name of this game.”
Hearing the name of the game, Habitz opened the god’s frequency with a throbbing heart.
and… … .
“Quack! Kkkkkkkkk!”
The corners of his mouth were grotesquely torn.

=============XXXXX=============

