===============================
Chapter - 251 - System Operations (4).txt
===============================
[251] System operation (4)
In fact, overflow is not a big deal.
In the eyes of the general public, he would look like an extraordinary man of genius, but when he went to the Royal Magic School, it was full of such children.
It was the world of talent that you could be called a genius only if you stood out among them and went up from there again through fierce competition.
In any case, she couldn’t do anything wrong since she had the job, so Olivia walked over to Dante with the smile that made so many students fall in love with her.
“hi? Are you Dante?”
Dante didn’t even raise his head, let alone answer. Olivia looked down at her dark cloud-like gray hair. Thinking it wouldn’t be easy, she sat down facing Dante and made eye contact with her.
The child was still staring at the grassy ground.
‘What am I looking at?’
Olivia also bowed her head following Dante.
It was plain grass, unlikely to be buried with treasure or corpses.
As a result of persevering and relentless tracking, a trivial being hidden in the landscape was revealed.
It was a procession of ants.
‘Are you interested in insects?’
Olivia asked Dante.
“Do you like ants?”
“… … .”
As expected, no answer came. But Olivia did not urge.
Having raised students from as little as four to as many as over thirty years old, she knew how to respond to situations like this.
“I hate ants. It’s gross. When they come home, they eat up even the expensive furniture.”
Olivia uttered meaningless words word for word.
“When I was young, I saw ants clinging to earthworm carcasses. wow From then on, I was afraid of ants. You know why, because the ants just climbed up on the body… … .”
“It’s not an ant.”
Dante was the first to speak.
Olivia smiled in repentance.
I don’t know what kind of awakening brought overflow, but I’m still a child. As long as he said it first, he would not have been able to get it without confessing.
“You’re watching the channel.”
“channel?”
Dante pointed to one of the ants moving through the bush.
“This ant is 1011001. It’s the name I gave it. The movement radius of this ant is 4 meters. They are patrols who go around the perimeter and check the territory.”
Olivia looked carefully.
I even gave it the name 1011001, but I couldn’t find anything that distinguished it from other ants.
Dante pointed to the ant climbing the crooked grass.
“This ant is 1010111. I do vertical movements. It’s a role to get on the pool and collect moisture. The same here at 1010101, and the same at 1101001.”
Olivia was perplexed. I couldn’t tell if she was really memorizing the names of the ants, or if she was just making fun of adults by giving them names on the fly.
“Ants serve a purpose. Those ants come together to activate the whole. This is the channel.”
If Dante can read the channels, if he reads the flow rather than the shape, then there is some possibility of distinguishing the names of the ants.
But is it really possible?
Strictly speaking, everything in the world is a channel.
If the ant society could be dismantled into information units, there would be nothing in the world that could not be analyzed.
Olivia’s vision was swarming with ants as her eyes adjusted to nature.
Looking at it now, it was a field of ants in a radius of 4 meters.
I got goosebumps, but now I was more curious about Dante than disgust.
“So you can read the channel?”
Dante raised his head. Olivia could see Dante’s face for the first time.
was a pretty child One of her eyes was bruised from being beaten by her friends.
“It must have hurt a lot.”
“are you okay. I don’t have to go to school anymore.”
For most teachers, it is normal to placate the child and send him back to school. It would have been common sense in society to tell them not to run away and to fight proudly, even if they did not mention their semblance of sociality.
But Olivia did not convince Dante. This kid is special. The Archmage’s touch said so.
“Why don’t you hang out with your friends? You said you didn’t say a word?”
“If you can’t convey anything, it’s as if you didn’t say anything. There was no reason to do it, so I just didn’t do it.”
Dante recalled that time and put on an expression of disgust.
“My friends talk a lot. But it’s noise. Ants are different. They have one purpose. Even ants that seem aimless serve other purposes with it.”
Olivia was finally convinced of the overflow.
If you dig deep into anything, a world completely different from common sense opens up.
Dante had entered that world too soon.
“This ant is 1010110, but it just follows 1010111. But it’s very important. Because it’s a channel. If no one follows 1010111, nothing gets delivered. If you look closely, most ants exist only to maintain channels. Very few ants do anything really special. Can you tell them apart?”
Olivia smiled shyly and shook her head.
No matter how brilliant she was, she couldn’t distinguish the roles of all the members of the ant kingdom.
“If you look at it all day, you realize something interesting. That means all channels are connected. For example, this 1111 ant just follows the ant in front and maintains the channel. But surprisingly, it engages in almost every channel. If this ant doesn’t exist… … .”
Dante lowered his index finger and pressed 1111. Olivia frowned. But after a while she intuited a change in the ant society and opened her eyes wide.
As the ant matrix collapsed, they scattered in different directions. The spread and extension of the lines into planes meant that the channels became meaningless.
The boy watched the ant kingdom collapse with sparkling eyes. With a terrifyingly innocent smile.
Olivia was thrilled. The ant that Dante crushed was neither a soldier ant nor a special ant.
The system cannot collapse by subduing one ant.
No, I thought so until now. But Dante’s actions were telling her common sense was wrong.
A blind spot in the invisible system.
All the variables that arise from subduing number 1111 are being calculated in Dante’s head.
It was clear that Dante perfectly understood the system of the ant kingdom, which even ants did not know.
Dante looked up at Olivia and smiled.
“The Queen will starve to death.”
another sky (1)
Olivia smiled heartily as she looked at Dante’s growth over the past 8 years.
“Dante has eyes that can read channels. And through training, it was further strengthened.”
With the door of Immortal Function closed, Shirone was busy avoiding the shelling. He had no time to think of anything else as a total of 86 mansions were constantly undergoing structural changes.
On the other hand, Dante, who entrusted the battle to the automaton, was relaxed. It seemed like it would be okay to just sit there and read a book.
‘But I’ll have to pay back what happened.’
Dante floated above the Pascal magic circle. As they moved forward slowly in such a state, hundreds of magic circles connected to Pascal rushed towards Shirone at the same speed.
It was as if the whole huge space had been moved.
Every time Shirone moved, magic poured out in all directions as if the muzzle was rotating.
Shirone felt like fighting an army. His huge armies were breaking through his Spirit Zone and breaking through.
Eruki’s face twisted in horror.
‘damn! How can such magic… … .’
I couldn’t think of a way to counter Dante’s system. Although not yet fatally wounded, it was impossible to avoid the automatic mechanism forever.
Shirone knew that too. But I have no choice but to do it. Also, it wasn’t as completely impossible as Eruki thought.
‘I have no choice but to try.’
Shirone assumed a possibility and plunged into Pascal’s heart. Dante’s mansion moved quickly and increased firepower, but the more it did, the faster the connection of teleportation.
You have to move.
It must be assimilated into Dante’s channel.
As time passed, the students began to stir. It was a subtle detail that could not be confirmed with the naked eye, but I felt that Shirone’s movements were interlocking with Dante’s system little by little.
Nade jumped up and shouted.
“Teleportation! There was a way!”
Eruki also raised the corner of his mouth as if he had eaten a shot.
“Teleportation is information. It’s a strategy to blend into Dante’s system and disrupt it from within.”
The two-thousandth bracelet became even hotter. It was proof that Pascal, who was chasing Shirone’s movements, was overloaded.
Siena confirmed that as Shirone’s movements became more complicated, Dante’s mental strength gauge rapidly decreased.
‘Are you saying we don’t know the match yet?’
Alpheas let out a rough breath. He felt a slight shudder run down his spine.
‘Dante’s ability is mighty. But insight is also a terrifying talent that can rise to the top of the world.’
Shirone perfectly penetrated Pascal’s weakness in a short period of time. Dante’s automaton is perfect, but this is why the modifier of perfection cannot be applied to humans.
The only error of impeccable Pascal.
It was Dante.
“I want to pay tribute to Dante for the perfect design. but still young Compared to technology, mental strength is not keeping up.”
Olivia had no choice but to admit it. She wasn’t unaware of Dante’s weakness. No, could this be called a weakness?
Being young is not a sin.
It was clear that Dante would grow further in the future, and that someday he would reach a level where he could maintain Pascal for a long time.
But those facts were no excuse. Because the people who deal with Dante are also in the same position.
Above all, Dante’s durability never dropped compared to his peers.
The only thing Dante misunderstood in this confrontation was that the opponent was Shirone, who was unrivaled in durability.
‘perhaps… … Maybe I met you too early.’
It was regrettable that one of them, Shirone and Dante, had to bear the yoke of defeat.
‘No, everyone is the same. There is no such thing as the right time.’
It was a confrontation that had already taken place, and time could not be turned back. Also, when analyzed coolly, Dante’s win rate was still over 70%.
Pascal could only be maintained for about 10 minutes, but it was unreasonable for Shirone to last more than 5 minutes in Dante’s system.
said Olivia.
“Even so, you won’t be able to defeat Dante. It’s not that I’m ignoring Shirone, but the rarity of talent is different. Shirone doesn’t have the means to destroy Dante’s system.”
Alpheas couldn’t refute. From his point of view, Shirone had no advantage yet.
But even so, he was a child who made me look forward to it.
‘There must be something I don’t know, Shirone?’
Shirone flew over the whole area 2,000 times. In the process of avoiding Dante’s fire, he was struck by countless spells, but each time he paid the price of failure, he immediately made a change.
Eruki was the first to realize and said.
“done. It went in perfectly.”
At first nobody understood. However, after 10 seconds, the students started whispering with surprised expressions.
In the battlefield where firepower of infinite fire was pouring in, Shirone was wandering freely. It was as if whenever he moved, the mansion would get out of the way.
Of course, it was just an optical illusion because there was no link between Shirone and Pascal’s movements. However, there was only one case where this happened.
“Shirone reads the automaton’s pattern perfectly.”
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 252 - Another Sky (2) 2.txt
===============================
[252] Another Sky (2)
Mark made a fuss while looking at Shirone and Eruki.
“Shirone-senpai has an advantage, right? Yes?”
“It’s a similar situation. If time passes like this, Pascal will become overloaded. If you can get there, the win is the starting point. Because Dante has lost his strongest weapon.”
Mark was so happy that he cried.
Until just a moment ago, I thought that Shirone’s defeat was a fait accompli. He was even thinking that it was great just to compete with Dante, the best prospect in the kingdom.
However, Shirone turned the tide of the battle as if to show off.
“As expected, Shirone-senpai. You mean she surpassed Dante-senpai in information processing, too?”
There was no answer from Eruki.
When Mark turned his head with a puzzled expression, all the seniors sitting in a row were watching the confrontation with serious eyes.
Eruki continued scratching his chin.
It is true that Shirone saw through Dante’s system, but he did not know how that was possible.
If Dante’s automaton had been so easily analyzed, Shirone wouldn’t have struggled from the beginning.
Amy gave up and asked.
“How did you analyze the pattern? To be honest, I don’t even know how Dante’s automaton works. I can’t even feel it Nade, how are you?”
“So do i. It’s not complicated, it’s because the system is too big. You can’t just look at an elephant’s legs and think of an elephant’s shape.”
Amy thought Nade’s analogy was perfect.
“That’s right. It’s not a system made just to deal with Shirone. Depending on the opponent, the range of transformation is extremely wide, so how can Shirone read the whole thing?”
Eruki presented a hypothesis.
“Maybe it’s not mathematical.”
Mark tilted his head.
“Isn’t that math? Then what?”
Eruki frowned and chose the right word.
“persimmon… … should I say
“Persimmon, persimmon? You mean intuition or something?”
Mark was bewildered. Dante’s system was the darling of cutting-edge information magic. If you understand such a system with your senses, what is the need to live in a difficult world?
But Eruki was sincere. No matter how much I thought about it, that was the closest to the correct answer, and it wasn’t as easy as Mark thought.
“Intuition is not superstition. Rather, it is an evolution of an inductive logic system.”
To prove that humans have two eyes, you don’t have to count how many eyes everyone has.
Most people are convinced that human beings have two eyes because family members and friends do not have three eyes.
said Amy.
“Shirone’s insight is transcendent. Because you understand the whole thing with only a small amount of data. But even that has its limits. A certain amount of information has to be collected to be possible.”
Eruki said.
“But there are exceptions. So, the quality of the data. You cannot imagine an elephant just by looking at its legs, but if you collect the skeletons of an elephant, you can expect a powerful form.”
Nade also thought that Eruki was right.
“It seems that Shirone has collected special information that can only be confirmed by infiltrating Dante’s system at the risk of his life. Based on that information, we analyzed the entire system.”
Mark recalled what Principal Alpheas said as a habit. Insight is faster than effort and more accurate than knowledge. If Dante had the ability to read channels, Shirone had insight that penetrated all things.
Every time Shirone moved, the 2,000 bracelets were heating up. It is said to have a safety device, but if you keep wearing it, you will get first-degree burns.
Dante was shocked to see Shirone surviving for over five minutes in the Pascal system.
It was an automaton that would crush any opponent with firepower within 5 seconds once bitten.
It is in the middle of the hell realized by the system.
A normal human being was running around like a playground in their own house, where even a normal human would not be afraid.
‘why? Why are you not shaken?’
Insight is the ultimate in inductive logic systems, so it does not give 100% accurate answers. That’s why there is a high probability of being anxious about the uncertain future.
However, Shirone did not lose her composure. It was the mental power of Geumgangtae that does not change form under any circumstances.
When Pascal was overloaded, Dante’s nose grew cold. If you hold on like this, you will self-destruct with the magic circle.
But he didn’t stop.
At the bottom of the cliff, the first defeat in life awaits. As the number of victories piled up, the blade in his heart became sharper, and that blade would cut himself with a single defeat.
‘I can never lose!’
Dante rather increased the calculation speed of Pascal.
When I stepped into an unknown world I had never experienced before, the wall collapsed again and an amazing world unfolded.
The light of the Pascal magic circle burned intensely and the speed of the mansion increased.
A long procession of binary numbers flowed through my head like a torrent, cutting through my brain.
Pascal’s change was immediately noticed by the students. Functions that were at least two tempos slower than Shirone were catching up to Shirone’s speed.
Dante was sure.
‘can do! I can still do more!’
Pascal doesn’t have to process everything in parallel. If the most important operation is processed intensively, the local function could be increased several times.
‘From Slow Mansion. Then fire, bolt and press in that order.’
Dante first calculated a specific address among the cells listed in Pascal’s memory. It skipped from the 352nd operation to the 2,987th operation, and so on. Finally, when it reached the stage where it went from end to end at once, a roar erupted from the Pascal magic circle.
‘This is it! This is what I wanted!’
Dante felt the freedom of consciousness flying away.
He could no longer see Shirone, and he could hear no more gunfire on the battlefield. Only an infinite matrix of 1s and 0s passing at an electric speed filled my head.
Olivia trembled with emotion.
‘Dante… … .’
I thought that one day I would jump over the wall. I didn’t know that the trigger was Alpheas’ disciple, but it didn’t matter.
Dante, who reached the state of local computation, achieved astonishing growth as a chrysalis turned into a butterfly.
“ouch.”
Dante removed his finger from holding the ant down. The ant that had bitten its index finger struggled and fell to the ground.
Olivia glanced at the ant on the floor and asked.
“Oops. It must have been bitten. Are you very sick?”
“haha! are you okay. It always happens.”
Dante put his finger in his mouth and sucked it, examining the ant. The 1111th ant, having lost its purpose, was spinning around in place, not knowing what to do, as if realizing the collapse of the kingdom.
“The channels are all connected. When a particular channel breaks, everything collapses. but… … .”
Dante gently held the flustered ant and examined the situation in the confused kingdom. Observing closely, he put the number 1111 down somewhere, and it gradually began to regain stability around that place.
Dante did not stop there and placed several ants on the elements. The sight of a kingdom that was on the verge of destruction quickly being built into a solid system gave Olivia a sense of wonder.
“lol! I’m sorry, ants.”
Dante looked up at Olivia and smiled brightly.
“I’m fine now.”
Olivia looked at Dante with a smile. Staring into the clear, transparent eyes of the boy as if trying to pry something out of her, she finally made up her mind.
“Dante, why don’t you learn magic?”
It was the day Olivia and Dante’s relationship began.
Olivia never doubted that Dante would become the kingdom’s greatest wizard ever since that day.
It is not just a machine that processes information. He was a determined human being who could break through any limit.
Shirone is obviously a great kid, but there would be no one in his class who could beat Dante who jumped over the wall.
“Big uh… … !”
Dante did his best to keep his spirits up. The speed of information processing was accelerating to an unprecedented level.
The magic vomited from 86 mansions spread out in all directions to the point where even the direction was meaningless.
Even if Shirone’s judgment was slightly off, the game was over, and now even the students couldn’t be sure who would win.
Dante’s mental power is rapidly declining, but Shirone was also linking more than 2,000 teleportation times.
‘damn! why? Why doesn’t it fit?’
Dante was stunned.
Even though Pascal’s functions were raised to the limit, Shirone was still roaming around the system. It was clear that his thoughts were accelerating with the gear he had raised.
Dante’s five senses were completely open, and it was impossible to distinguish which information was visual and which was auditory.
It was an amazing experience.
As Shirone’s information was mixed, I felt a sense of unity, as if my body and mind were united.
‘damn! It’s not allowed to do things like this with a man!’
Whatever the emotion, Dante tasted the highest level of elation. The reaction speed of thoughts reached a level that had not been achieved before, and all information of Shirone was dismantled and flooded with signals.
The two had an existential conversation. A raw rapport with no lies or truth. At that point, Shirone and Dante were thrilled. A flash of light exploded across his vision as if it had turned into electricity.
The conversation between the ultimate talents of induction and deduction was transmitted to all who watched, in the form of magic. The students watched the battle between the two without even blinking.
A battle is a conflict. But now the two seemed to be dancing. It was a dance that was mixed with all sorts of magic and knowledge.
Alpheas smiled.
“You have to come a long way back to know what is right. Only when certain, denied, and then certain again does the spirit dwell in the body. You can agonize to your heart’s content. Isn’t it another sky anyway?”
Olivia’s eyes calmed down.
The combat simulation system Icheonbeon was an opportunity for students to experience real combat in advance and a space to show off their superiority.
But would the Jacobin, the creator of the 2,000, think so?
Perhaps he gave the students the freedom to fail as they please.
Olivia clenched her fists in her lap.
Alpheas’s philosophy was certainly correct. But he didn’t want to come this far and compromise. Only the victors, as long as they entered the battle, are recorded in history. Dante wins. You must be a disciple who is proud to be the best in your teacher’s life.
The exchange of information between Shirone and Dante reached the limit, and the students twirled the unbearably hot bracelets.
86 mansions and a flash of light.
Looking at the exchange of information hundreds of times per second created by that combination, it felt like the world was spinning.
Maria’s eyes were wet. A talent that transcends the human realm. When two people with that talent get tangled up, this absurd scene unfolds.
“Senior Dante… … It’s really great.”
Mark turned his head with a surprised expression. If it was Maria, he would of course support Shirone. Aside from personal feelings, he would never be able to forget the incident of being insulted by Dante’s group.
“Maria, what are you talking about?”
“Perhaps today’s confrontation will be recorded in history.”
Mark realized something and shut his mouth. As Maria said, the confrontation between Shirone and Dante was beyond the level of practice.
“I used to hate competition so much.”
Mark knew too. He couldn’t overcome the pressure of the competition and even activated the machinery of the bridge that he couldn’t cross.
“But now… … I think it’s a really cool world. Shirone-senpai was just a genius. You just had to look up without thinking. But Dante-senpai is making your senior fight with all her might with a poem like that.”
Mark looked back at Maria with a sad heart. Her heart penetrated and melted every word of her longing.
The same was true of himself. But it shouldn’t be like that. If you think about it that far, you will never be able to stand up again.
Maria bowed her head sadly.
“Perhaps I… … You will never experience something like that in your life.”
Mark gritted it. Shirone’s appearance matched the ideal of a wizard she dreamed of.
How do you feel? Showing off one’s talents in the realm of heaven is. The feeling of holding on to the best opponent and falling to the edge of hell.
I couldn’t even guess, but it must have been the greatest joy a wizard could feel.
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 253 - Another Sky (3) 2.txt
===============================
[253] Another Sky (3)
Tears welled up in Mark’s eyes. But he didn’t shed any tears.
“We can do it too.”
Maria looked back at Mark a little surprised.
“I will try and try. So, I will definitely challenge my seniors. You may not be able to win, but I will do my best to make you face me. So don’t be weak. If you say that one more time, I will never go out with you.”
“mark… … .”
Eruki smiled and said.
“There is no such thing as talent in this world.”
Mark and Maria turned their heads at the same time.
“To be precise, there is no talent that can be named. Crazy people aren’t good at math. But he can be the best painter. Magic is a profession that encompasses all fields. Neither Shirone’s insight nor Dante’s ability to process information guarantees the future. There is no need to envy what others have. If you raise your own to the best, you might be able to defeat Shirone someday.”
“Well, we think that… … .”
Mark waved his hand with a red face. He defeated Shirone, something he never thought about even in his dreams.
However, when he heard this from a world-recognized genius, his confidence rose again.
It was the first time that Eruki felt like a senior.
Dante frowned at the flood of information. A sequence of 0s and 1s passed through my mind at the speed of light. It was Shirone’s information added to Pascal’s.
‘you can do it! I’m catching up!’
In the speed battle, Dante began to gain the upper hand. It was the difference between living things and machines. The creature’s durability slowly decreases, but the automaton continues to function until just before it self-destructs.
The students saw Pascal’s offensive magic gradually trapping Shirone. As the radius of Shirone’s instant movement decreased, it seemed that it would fall into the realm of Movement Zero after 10 seconds.
Even so, Siena did not dare to predict the match.
Obviously, Shirone’s line of movement was narrowing, but Dante’s mental strength was almost at its lowest point.
‘Can Dante survive?’
Siena stared closely at the speed at which the gauge was decreasing.
‘I can hold on. At this rate, it’s Dante’s victory.’
Siena also had some hopes for Shirone to win, but Dante definitely deserved to win. In particular, the responsiveness of the automaton was powerful enough to be eaten even among professionals.
5 seconds. 4 seconds.
The moment when Shirone was checkmate was approaching.
The wind cutter’s firing radius narrowed, and a bolt with 100 percent charge waited to be fired at the Electric Mansion.
The moment came when Shirone’s movement was completely blocked.
Dante instantly found the address of Electric Cannon in the memory matrix and sent it to Pascal.
‘Now!’
The moment Dante thinks so.
‘Now!’
Shirone also thought the same.
The moment the electric cannon’s energy filled the mansion, a flash of light focused in front of Shirone’s eyes.
Dante snorted. No matter how strong the Photon Cannon was, the full-power Electric Cannon would destroy it and rule the space.
At that moment, Shirone cast a lethal magic.
Shining Impact!
Photons compressed by unifying their polarization directions exploded.
Then, information with only 1s rushed into Dante’s mind, which was filled with 1s and 0s.
The simplest but unmanageable size of information.
As Pascal overloaded, the automaton stopped momentarily. Students were shocked. It caused an explosion of light and paralyzed Dante’s system.
A strategy that won’t work twice. It was clear that Shirone had been saving one chance just for this moment.
Dante’s head was as pale as the Shining Impact. It was fatal that a gap of nearly one second occurred in an operation that processed thousands of information per second.
Dante covered his face with his arms. It was impossible to predict what type of attack would occur.
But Shirone did not move. As he focused his mind, a bright light was born in front of his eyes and he drew a huge circle. It was the angelic magic circle that became proficient through lifting training, Halo.
Nade jumped up and shouted.
“Ataraxia!”
It was the appearance of a technique that could be said to be Shirone’s special move. However, Nade soon put on a puzzled expression.
Even if the halo is completed, information accumulation is a separate issue. As it took 1 minute, it was not yet in the stage to be applied in practice.
Eruki frowned and said.
“Worst ever.”
When Nade sympathized with silence, Eruki continued.
“But it is also the only number. I’ve done all I can If not now, the chance to activate Ataraxia won’t come.”
Dante managed to hold on to the consciousness that was moving away. She didn’t know that he would explode the light and paralyze the system.
But there are no more chances.
Shirone also exhausted all strategies and was just struggling for the last time. As the automaton regained its function, the mansions all turned toward Shirone.
Shirone concentrated on building Halo while watching the vicious floating magic circle. A pale flash of light returned to its starting point, drawing a large trajectory based on pi. Finally, Halo, the spirit of an angel, blocked Shirone’s front like a shield.
“Keugh! what!”
Boyle clutched his head and complained of pain. A summoning mage’s sense of measurement is different from that of other mages. For him, who easily recognizes even a 1 millimeter error, the perfect halo was violence inflicted in form.
Eruki saw Boyle’s condition and felt it. It is a shock applied in a microscopic world that cannot be distinguished by human senses.
When you see it yourself, you don’t know the difference between an ordinary circle and a perfect circle. But what about Dante, who can read information entropy by nature?
“Big!”
As Eruki guessed, Dante was suffering with veins sticking out of his neck. As his mind was traumatized, Pascal’s functioning also declined markedly.
‘Damn it! Why are you doing this all of a sudden? What the hell is that circle?’
Eruki had a glimmer of hope. It was clear that Shirone had calculated this far and activated Ataraxia.
But will this be enough?
Boyle was already out of shock. Ironically, it is because his level is low.
Amy remembered what had happened in heaven.
‘I see. So then Baalbe… … .’
Ataraxia is a form that can deliver a more powerful impact to those who have reached a higher level.
I finally understood the situation in heaven where the two-legged Mara took a backward step in front of Shirone’s Ataraxia.
Then, who will suffer the most from Halo’s appearance here?
Amy turned her gaze to Olivia. As expected, her shoulders were shaking.
‘What the hell is that… … .’
Olivia bit her lip.
Located at the pinnacle of human senses, she almost lost her consciousness when she saw Halo.
She endured with the mental strength of a great wizard, but at her level, a momentary void is fatal. She wasn’t at the level she was currently able to master at Shirone’s level.
‘It is a circle that cannot be made by human ability. What are you trying to put in a space that can contain the whole world?’
The concept of Ataraxia began to be assembled on Halo.
From the outside of the halo, colored rays flew like a rain shower and were engraved on the magic circle like ripples.
Olivia thought that phenomenon also made no sense.
As far as she knew, it was impossible to receive information from outside the magic circle. Because the speed of information accumulation is close to the speed of light, it causes an optical illusion to the human eye.
‘Nonsense… … .’
Realizing that far, Olivia’s eyes were in shock. If the integration speed is really close to the speed of light, it is normal for any magic circle to be completed in less than one second. However, instead of being completed after 10 seconds, the speed was getting faster.
That’s dangerous.
Dante’s judgment was the same. Assembly of a grand concept. If you leave it as it is, you will completely miss the victory you have worked so hard for.
“I can’t let it go like that.”
Dante activated the Electric Mansion. The sound of trees splintering and white and blue electricity blasted out.
Shirone hurriedly threw herself away. Ataraxia was not even half completed. In addition, saturation began to resume in the fully functional automaton.
Amy frowned in pity. As expected, it was unreasonable for her to use it in real combat. In the end, she blew away her last chance she got from Shining Impact.
“huh?”
At that moment, Amy’s eyes lit up. She watched Halo with a look of disbelief on Eruki and Nade as well.
Information continued to accumulate in the halo. But it was impossible. Shirone was still flying here and there trying to avoid the gunfire.
“what? What happened?”
Eruki’s head turned quickly. Is it really possible to perform teleportation and magic circle operation at the same time? Shirone is neither a Servant nor can he operate Pascal like Dante.
‘It’s obviously a parallel circuit. No, does it look like a parallel?’
At that moment, a flash of light passed through my mind.
“That’s right!”
“Eruki, what happened?”
When Amy asked with a surprised expression, Eruki couldn’t control his excitement and shouted.
“Timeshare. You’re time-sharing.”
Realizing that, Nade hit his knee.
“ah! I see! It is possible!”
“What is time-sharing? Can Shirone-senpai use two types of magic at the same time?”
“The operation is broken down into time units. The battery in A and the battery in B are being replaced at an incredibly fast rate. ABABABAB, like this. Then it’s like two magics unfolding at the same time.”
Mark opened his mouth blankly. Even on a bridge that could not be crossed, the time was divided into 1/10,000, but replacing the two batteries was a different level of difficulty. It was possible because Shirone had more accurate insight than knowledge.
Olivia is excited for the first time since the confrontation begins.
Are you trying to timeshare? This was a skill that was extremely rare even among high-ranking wizards.
‘Does that mean that evolving is the same as Shirone?’
Olivia glared at Alfeas with her eyes wide open, then opened her eyes in surprise.
Alpheas’ face was filled with violent energy. The corners of his mouth were torn to the bottom of his ears and he didn’t know how to close them.
‘Quack. Shirone, now you’re a little like you.’
Alpheas also did not expect Shirone to try time-sharing. I felt like giving him a standing ovation.
I watched it for at least 4 years when I first heard about Ataraxia. No matter how fast it was, I thought that it would be possible to use it in practice if I trained at that level.
But Shirone did it in just four months.
When using time division, the speed of information accumulation slows down by about half, but compared to the situation where you have to build a magic circle in a defenseless state for one minute, it’s not even on the axis of disadvantages.
More than anything, I wanted to see how powerful it would be. Just imagining the destructive power of the information accumulated over two minutes at the speed of light sent electricity through my body.
‘Just a little bit more… … !’
Shirone desperately replaced the batteries. Time-sharing was like juggling thoughts. If you miss the afterimage of memory even for a moment, everything becomes nothing.
It wasn’t easy to dodge Dante’s attack in such a situation. But he didn’t want to lose. The title of the best in the kingdom was good. It was a sense of urgency that if I couldn’t defeat Dante here, I would never be able to move forward again.
Dante was so nervous that his heart would burst. The speed of the automaton seemed to catch up with Shirone, but it was not able to catch up.
‘shit! What’s going on?’
When will that magic circle be activated?
If you knew even that, you could come up with a strategy, but it was a strange concept that even those who majored in information magic could not decipher. It doesn’t make sense that such a combination is possible, but above all, the size of the information was too large.
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 254 - Another Sky (4) 1.txt
===============================
[254] Another Sky (4)
When Ataraxia’s density exceeded 50%, students could not stand the heat of the bracelet and complained of pain.
Mark also twirled the bracelet around and asked Amy.
“Seniors! Is this really safe?”
Amy was also breaking out in a cold sweat.
I honestly wasn’t sure. The bracelet didn’t get this hot, even after fighting among those who used the most fancy magic in the senior class. It was clear that 2,000 times couldn’t digest Ataraxia’s amount of information.
“I don’t know either. It might explode, so be careful.”
“That, like that… … .”
Even so, Amy’s eyes were on the 2,000th. Even if the bracelet exploded, it was tenacity to check the result.
Then, Mark followed the example of his senior and turned off his nerves. In the scene where the geniuses of the century clash, is the degree of burns significant?
At that moment, surprisingly, Dante disarmed the automaton. If they are dragged along like this, Shirone’s magic circle will be completed, and the tight balance of power will collapse.
Eruki was genuinely impressed.
“It is an excellent choice. I’m even reading the battle channels.”
It is difficult to give up the strategy of conversion. People watching from the outside can say anything, but it is because the inertia of the person who puts their all into a confrontation is not easily bent.
But Dante broke it.
Knowing that being swept away by the opponent’s flow is the most lethal thing in battle, I entered the unknown world again. Judging by this judgment alone, Dante was clearly a genius.
‘Damn it! I’ll never lose as long as I’ve come this far!’
Dante converted Spirit Zone into sniper mode. Up to 100 amplification magic circles stretched out in a line in front of Dante.
Ultra-precise serial magic circle white sword.
The magic circles rotated around an imaginary line and tightened.
In a smooth series structure that only considers the amplification of power, there should not be even a millimeter of error.
When the automaton was released, Shirone was able to focus on Ataraxia. But his heart was rather hopeless.
If it had gone the way it was, the victory would have been its own. But Dante created a variable again.
‘That’s great, Dante. Well, the country did too… … .’
Now it was a battle to see who would build the magic circle first.
Dante’s white sword has a much shorter activation time than Ataraxia, but Shirone also accumulated more than 70% of the information through time division.
A smile formed on Dante’s lips. Hundreds of magic circles disappeared, but Pascal was still alive.
“This is the difference between you and me.”
Shirone realized what she had overlooked and looked down. Before I knew it, a space movement magic circle was engraved under my feet.
Shirone’s body collapsed into the ground, then appeared from the sky and landed headfirst in the exact same spot.
“damn! There was a number like that!”
Nade slammed his fist and exploded in anger. Dante can attack as much as he wants while building a white sword.
Of course, this is also just an instruction from the observer, but in order to win, he definitely should have paid attention.
Eruki let out a sigh as if resigned. Shirone also showed great skills. Only Dante had one more, very minor thing.
“It was a good match. I’ll have to admit it.”
Nade shook his fists in resentment. She didn’t hate Dante, she hated Dante’s perfection.
“That child. I deliberately chose space movement magic.”
“Because the 2,000 times there is a blockage judgment for active magic. Attack magic has room for Shirone to withstand. That’s why I inflicted a physical blow. It must be the best defense in the kingdom.”
In the meantime, Dante’s white sword was completed. A fire strike was then mounted at the start of the amplification tunnel.
Dante regained his composure and said with a smile.
“This is the end… … !”
Dante’s words came to a halt.
The curious students followed Dante’s gaze. Then, as if in shock, her eyes widened.
Even though Shirone lost consciousness, Ataraxia was still there.
ping.
A drop of information fell on Halo.
ping. Ping Ping.
drop again. And two more drops.
Ping ping ping ping ping ping ping ping!
Suddenly, light began to pour in at a tremendous speed.
The halo rotates faster, and the halo is filled with a brilliant light that cannot be seen with the naked eye.
Olivia jumped up in disbelief.
“Nonsense! Information imagines itself!”
Alpheas was also surprised. However, if you knew whose ability Shirone’s Ataraxia was, such a phenomenon was only natural.
“It is not human logic. The information system at the stage of thinking for itself the moment it passes the critical point. Isn’t that why it’s called celestial magic?”
Olivia asked with an absurd expression.
“Heavenly magic? What are you talking about?”
Alpheas was silent. As we will eventually find out after this confrontation, Heaven wasn’t as important as this moment.
“Finally we have arrived at our destination. The game will be decided here.”
Alpheas pointed his chin at 2,000 times, as if telling him not to miss the good view, and Olivia also turned her head.
Shirone, who had regained consciousness, stood up slowly. The photon of the photon cannon was born as the light sagged in front of him with his head lowered. A single photon cannon created with a bit of mental power.
“Damn it!”
Dante managed to suppress the urge to scream and fired a fire strike. The spear of burning air broke through the magic circle and grew in size.
At that moment, a magic circle was completed in front of Shirone.
Super Magical Amplification Ataraxia.
Shirone watched as the fire strikes amplified into white swords rushed in. Then he fired a photon cannon at the center of the fire.
The scene of photons penetrating Ataraxia came to everyone’s eyes like slow motion.
And the moment you finally cross the line.
Flash!
The world was filled with light.
All objects beyond Ataraxia were swept away by the massive storm.
The momentary flash reached people’s perception a little slowly, and as if the skin of the space was peeled off, wrinkles in the air were revealed and the whole thing was pushed away.
Ching! Ching! Ching! Ching!
At the same time, the sound of breaking glass exploded one after another in the place where the students were gathered. As information processing became overloaded, all the crystal balls in the bracelet exploded. Two thousand times stopped working, and the scenery made up of simulations disappeared.
Like a midsummer night’s dream, the spectacle disappeared, leaving only dry physics blocks in sight.
nobody spoke up
He had no time to think of anything else as he was thinking about the magic he had just seen. Even the teachers had never seen magic on such a grand scale.
Everyone’s eyes focused on Shirone and Dante.
Seeing the two of them standing on the same street as the first time, the students became agitated.
The variable was that Dante did not collapse.
Shirone’s magic was so powerful that no one could block it. You can tell just by looking at the amount of information that exceeds 2,000 memories. If it had been a real battle, the existence of Dante would have disappeared without a trace.
But here it is two thousand times, and Dante stands.
Even if the synchro rate is 50%, if anti-magic is in, it’s normal to have already lost consciousness.
Maybe the 2,000th system went down before the impact. If so, the distinction between winners and losers becomes a bit contrived.
Given that it was a confrontation between students at school, there was a good chance that the teacher team would end this situation with a beautiful draw.
However, that was not what Shirone’s friends, as well as the students who had watched the battle, wanted.
Shirone and Dante fought a match that will go down in history.
It’s a selfish idea, but the students present here hoped that their memories would draw a definite conclusion.
Shirone glared at Dante while gasping for breath. Since 2,000 disappeared, there was no choice but to watch, but in fact, he was so exhausted that he couldn’t do anything except breathe.
“haha… … .”
Dante let out a laugh. But he was too exhausted to say anything. He struggled to move on, but in the end he could not take three steps and stopped.
His voice leaked out between his slightly parted lips.
“you… … .”
At that moment, blood poured from Dante’s nose with a bang. Then, her pupils gradually lost their vitality, and she collapsed to the floor in the same posture as if her giant tree were toppling over.
Eruki said in a trembling voice.
“Goed in. Anti-magic went in before the system turned off.”
Eruki’s voice was small, but it passed through the students’ heads and heads like telepathy.
“Is it true? Dante lost, right?”
“I guess so? Dante… … That Dante lost.”
At that moment, as if under a group hypnosis, all the students stood up and burst into cheers. The sound waves of the sound mixed together, causing the air in the hall to vibrate powerfully.
“Shirone wins! Shirone beat Dante, the best in the kingdom!”
Mark barely regained his spirit that had flown to the edge of the sky. Hearing the shouts of the students, he seemed to relax, but then another emotion hit him in the chest.
It was the moment when Shirone became the biggest star in the kingdom.
“Aww! Shirone-senpai won! Now you know who’s the best yes? Come on! If anyone else wants to challenge you, go for it!”
Mark was ecstatic as if he had won. Right next to her, Dante’s friends were sitting with cool faces, but the adrenaline was overcharged and the trivial thoughts had long been erased from her head.
Killline murmured as if dreaming.
“oh my god… … . Dante… … .”
It was an unbelievable result. However, Dante’s face buried in the cold physics block was an undeniable fact.
472 wins out of 473.
and 1 loss.
It was Dante’s first defeat when he entered the world of magic, and it was the end of a ten-year undefeated record.
Olivia kept her seat with a calm expression, buried in the shouts of students from all directions.
I was worried about Dante, but I still had to remain neutral.
Siena looked at Dante and signaled that he was fine. Only then did a small sigh escape from her mouth.
‘Dante lost.’
I never doubted Dante’s victory. But oddly enough, there was no emotional turmoil when he lost.
It may be because it doesn’t feel like reality yet, but it was a great confrontation that you can safely think that it can’t be helped.
‘I have to admit this. Dante poured everything too. Shirone was stronger. That’s it. but… … .’
The magic Shirone used last time. What is the power of that magic? Judging from the temperament, it was clear that it was Shirone’s main specialty, the Photon Cannon.
But to be sure, it was never a photon cannon.
It was a power that even he, a specialist in the magic of words, could only use with determination. No, aside from the power, the amplifying power beyond common sense was the problem. Raising a student-level photon cannon to the power of an archmage was impossible even for him.
Olivia turned to Alfeas. Judging from the fact that she didn’t say anything, it was clear that she knew from the start.
Was the reason why I was expecting a fight with Dante because I wanted to see a miracle that would happen with a very small probability? Like a boy rubbing his hands in front of an exciting toy.
‘It’s like a snail. Is this the one that completely fed me?’
Olivia gnashed her teeth with a look of resentment. However, Alpheas, who thought he would make fun of himself, kept his mouth shut for a long time and did not get out of his thoughts.
‘Was it this much power?’
Super Magical Amplification Ataraxia.
He heard the story of Shirone’s feat and made some predictions, but the power he saw with his eyes was different from what he heard in words.
Above all, it is a confrontation organized by the Kingdom Teachers Association. A correspondent came and was accompanied by a video recorder.
There was no way the king wouldn’t move at this level.
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 255 - Another Sky (5) 1.txt
===============================
[255] Another Sky (5)
If you possess Ataraxia, the reputation of Alpheas Magic School will rise at once. Moreover, with Olivia’s help, it was possible to destroy the stronghold of the Royal Magic School.
After thinking that far, Alpheas spoke quietly.
“Thaad.”
Thaad approached and bowed his head.
“Yes, Master.”
“Collect 2,000 black boxes right now. should not be given to anyone. And destroy it in front of Shirone. Make sure Shirone confirms that it has been destroyed.”
“All right.”
Thaad answered without muttering and lowered his head.
His bracelet also had a crystal ball destroyed.
While managing 2,000 times, I felt intuition that the situation could be more serious than expected as it had never happened before.
Of course, as the incident grew, the name of the school would become known, but if it was Alpheas’ order, there was no need to think privately.
Olivia’s ferocious gaze turned to wonder.
I’ve known for a long time that I have a personality that doesn’t know how to compromise, but I didn’t know that I would make such a tight decision.
“Are you okay? The black box contains all the information about this confrontation. Not only Dante’s Pascal, but also Shirone’s magic circle. It would be a great help if you just copied it. Even if the kingdom puts security on it, it will cost a lot of money to take it.”
Olivia looked at it subtly, but Alpheas didn’t even worry about it.
“It belongs to Shirone. No one can access information without Shirone’s permission.”
“Maybe Shirone will allow it. Think carefully. You can make decisions for the prosperity of your alma mater, and above all, it is to contribute to the wizarding community. Shirone is also benefiting from the achievements of many genius mages.”
Olivia was right at first glance. Without the noble sacrifice, challenge, effort and talent passed down from the ancestors, mankind’s magic would not have developed to this point.
That’s why Alpheas also submitted a thesis on quantum theory that revolutionized photon magic as if dedicating it to the nation.
However, Alpheas’ thoughts did not change.
“As long as Shirone is alive, you can always choose. But not now. It’s something you just have to decide for yourself when you really feel the need. Presenting options in this way is no different from forcing them.”
Olivia chuckled and clicked her tongue. In the past and now, to be honest, it was first class.
‘but… … That’s why I liked it.’
The confrontation was over, but no students left.
The highlight of this duel. It was to watch Dante kneel down to Shirone.
However, Dante, who was defeated, was not able to open his eyes easily even with the teachers’ recovery magic.
Sabina shook her head and wept.
“Dante loses. no, it can’t be like this I’ve beaten a lot of strong players so far, but the record of being undefeated in a rural school like this can’t be broken.”
“Sabina, calm down. For now, let’s just hope that Dante is safe.”
Closer grabbed Sabina by the shoulder and calmed her down. But Sabina, already full of her emotions, could not accept her reality.
Isn’t there such a day in life? The day when variables that cannot happen with common sense continue to arise and everything gets twisted.
For Dante, today is such a day.
“Dante is invincible! The synchro rate was also 50%. At the Royal Academy of Magic, I even fought with 100% accuracy! There’s no way I could lose to a country boy like that!”
“Hmph, yes, it’s just a simulation.”
At Canis’ words, Sabina jerked her head away.
“what?”
“Dante never fought a giant. Even with an archangel.”
“What are you talking about? Mocking Dante is unacceptable!”
“I mean, have you ever risked your life against an enemy you could never defeat? It doesn’t matter if it’s 2,000 times or if the sync rate is 100%. It’s not like that in real life.”
Sabina gritted her teeth.
Amy continued.
“Dante doesn’t know how to fight. Of course, it’s a skill that can be eaten in real life. But Shirone always risked her life until she came to this place.”
Canis nodded.
“Two thousand times. It’s not like real life. But isn’t it real? That kind of thing isn’t very fun. Do you know what it’s like to risk your life? When you stand on the border between life and death, thinking stops and all you want to do is live. In such a situation, somehow maintaining reason and fighting, that’s what real combat is all about.”
Sabina was fussy like a child. Because she had been lynched by Nade, she could understand what Katniss was talking about.
However, they do not know what kind of determination Dante fought with.
Even if you demean it as a simulation, there is a fact that does not change even if you ridicule that you only fought against opponents who could win.
For Dante, the 2,000 battles were everything in life.
Tears welled in Sabina’s eyes.
“no. I mean no. Dante… … Dante really fought for his life.”
There was silence for a while. Shirone’s friends also didn’t want to mock Dante’s group anymore.
No, to be honest, the pain they ran rampant for a semester couldn’t be solved with this.
But Dante was strong. To the extent that it is enjoyable to be colleagues competing on the same line. Even though he lost to Shirone, as a result, his friends saved face and fell down.
After an awkward time, Dante finally came to his senses.
The students, who had been chattering with excitement, kept silent all at once and turned their heads two thousand times.
I felt sorry for Sabina and Closer. I would rather have passed out by the end of the day, but the problem was that the student with the best defense was also quick to recover.
As Shirone approached, the students even held their breath. Dante struggled to look up at Shirone, then lowered his head again to see if it would help. And he started muttering something to himself.
Shirone waited patiently.
Finally Dante stopped muttering and raised his head again.
There is no more exchange of information. Winners and losers were decided, and all that was left was to collect the loot.
“Kill him.”
Dante made a shocking declaration.
Shirone kept her mouth shut and glared at Dante.
A murmur was heard everywhere. She never thought that she would rather die than fall to her knees.
Words flowed out, saying that he was immature and that he acted unbecoming of a man.
But Sabina knew. Dante’s words were neither forced nor childish.
– I will become the greatest wizard. To do that, you have to train 2,000 times like a real fight.
-But Dante, no matter how much, 2,000 times is a simulation. There is a judgment, and there is no choice but to be different from the actual battle.
Sabina could not forget what Dante had said at the time.
– I guess so. But you can’t become a great wizard by training like other students. So I decided. If I lose in two thousand, it will mean my death.
Of course I was young.
Sabina also thought it was nothing more than a determination to make up her mind before a match.
However, as time passed, I came to know Dante’s true heart.
There were really many situations where I could have lost while playing 150 or 200 matches.
But in the end, Dante was victorious.
After 400 wars passed like that, Dante must have felt the feeling that the words of the time had become blades and were driving him.
As a result, Dante grew rapidly, and achieved a phenomenal record of 472 wins in 472 matches.
Alpheas felt that things were taking an unusual turn.
“I thought you were thinking like that.”
I turned to Olivia, but she also shook her head as if I had never heard of it. I never expected that Dante would really risk his life in a confrontation. The will to become the best wizard is good, but it goes too far for an 18-year-old boy’s resolution.
Then I suddenly realized.
As an 18-year-old boy, the pressure to keep the top spot must have been even greater.
How good it was to be featured in a magazine, admired by all students, and knocked out rivals.
Dante’s motive for making an extreme choice was obviously his own responsibility.
Dante said it again, as if he wasn’t lying.
“Kill it. I’ve never thought of losing to anyone. it’s my defeat If you don’t want to get your hands dirty, I’ll do it myself. But I will never kneel to you.”
Shirone lowered his head and sighed.
Dante was making a very grave mistake. How you handle your life is your own mind, but if you say it out of your mouth, it will hurt someone and anger someone.
“Because I lost… … Are you going to die?”
“okay. That is my resolution for this confrontation.”
“why? What are you like?”
The students widened their eyes in amazement. Dante shuddered with shame. But at this moment, the person with the most intense emotions was Shirone.
“If you ask others to kneel so easily, you’re saying you can’t even do that?”
“You sound stupid. I really risked my life. I’m saying that I, who might become my lifelong rival, will disappear on my own.”
“Are you that great?”
Dante’s impression crumpled again. Although we lost, we had a good fight. He thought that if it was Shirone, he would understand his feelings.
“You think you paid for the name of being the best talent in the kingdom? Of course, I have no intention of making excuses. But you also didn’t beat me easily, did you?”
“The best of the kingdom? so what can you do? Are you saying that even war can be stopped?”
“what?”
“If you are such a great person, change even one small thing. You can’t do anything. But what the hell are you risking your life for defeat?”
Dante’s expression was distorted, but Shirone continued to shoot.
“No war, no famine, no civil war, nothing can stop it. But what? best kingdom? Are you great?”
Dante came short of breath. Every word from Shirone pierced her head, chest, and heart like a dagger. it’s falling like that Something about her was falling into the abyss.
“Even if you die, the world will not change. No one takes your death seriously.”
Dante couldn’t stand it any longer. If I stayed like this, I felt like I would fall all the way to the bottom.
“shut up! Are you arrogant that you won once? Shall we really stick together this time?”
“Dante.”
Shirone looked at him with pitying eyes.
“You are just human.”
Dante’s face went pale. It felt like something around his own shell had been shattered.
Suddenly, Canis’s words came to mind.
-Because you’ll feel like you’re being stepped on as far as you can imagine.
It wasn’t a fight in the first place. What Canis said was true without exaggeration.
“No archmage, no, no one can change the world alone. Because you are human. That’s why you have no right to die.”
The students were silent with solemn hearts. So were those who mocked Shirone as a coward for refusing to fight Dante.
The business card of the kingdom’s greatest talent.
It was definitely a name like a dream for an aspiring wizard. However, from a distance, he was also a subhuman notion created by human hands.
“That child… … ?”
Olivia asked Alpheas. Who Shirone was would be detailed in her student records, but that wasn’t what she wanted to know.
Alpheas finally confessed the truth.
“Shirone… … met maze And I met Archangel Ichael in Heaven.”
Olivia turned her head with a surprised expression.
Alpheas smiled bitterly and nodded.
“okay. You are one of the few humans who know the truth.”
Olivia was deep in thought.
Even now, this world is maintained by one magician.
Knowing that fact, in Shirone’s eyes, everything in human affairs must have looked even more insignificant.
“He’s a strong kid. Most would have been terrified or resigned.”
“It wasn’t like that from the beginning. He was a shy, talkative kid.”
Alpheas remembered the day he met Shirone. The 12-year-old boy, who had been wading through his classes with his ears over his wall, has now grown into a promising prospect anywhere in the kingdom.
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 256 - Another Sky (6) 2.txt
===============================
[256] Another Sky (6)
“Competition is not just a system to determine first place. It is a process of finding one’s own while encountering numerous philosophies. Obsessing over rankings is foolish.”
Olivia looked at Dante pitifully.
There is no lie in Shirone’s words. Changing the world is different from winning first place in a magic school.
Mackline Guffin, who is said to be the most powerful wizard in human history, even though he cannot even confirm his true identity.
And his chosen successor, Adrias Miro.
Even they had to make great sacrifices to protect this world.
“Can Dante become as strong as Shirone?”
“Everyone will be strong. All the students here.”
Olivia closed her eyes.
With this, the confrontation is over. And this was the end of the tough relationship between himself and Alpheas.
“I lost. I will resign my position as principal and leave the school.”
Alpheas said with a smirk.
“Is it okay if you stay as is?”
“What are you talking about? Your term of office will end soon anyway.”
“Stay at school and help me out. As I get older, it’s hard to be alone. In other words, I want you to become the vice-principal of this school.”
Olivia’s eyes narrowed.
To sympathize with yourself, who even served as the principal of the Royal Magic School. Also under the terribly hated Alpheas.
I was trying to bury it here. No matter what I did, I couldn’t beat this snake, so I tried to forget about it and live.
However, it seemed that Alpheas could not stand it because he wanted to torment himself until the end.
Of course, the intention of the proposal can be guessed. If Jerome Olivia is the vice-principal, the school’s reputation will rise in an instant. In addition, he also made many innovations while staying here.
That’s why I have to reject it all the more.
He couldn’t fall for Alpheas’ trick to catch both fame and ability at the same time.
“consensus? I’m crazy? Why should I help you do that?”
Alpheas took out his trump card without hesitation.
“That night… … When you come… … .”
“stop! please!”
Olivia shouted, closing her eyes tightly.
Could there be such a cruel person in the world? What the hell is wrong with me?
I thought it was an opportunity to get revenge when someone I hadn’t contacted for over 10 years suddenly came to visit me.
But now it was a thousand regrets that he couldn’t return the day he came to visit him.
Tears welled up in Olivia’s eyes.
“you… … Really selfish.”
Alpheas stopped joking and spoke seriously.
“Don’t do that, stay. When you’re free, let’s drink tea together and take care of the flower bed. and… … Say hello to Erina.”
Olivia’s eyes lit up with flesh. Saying goodbye to his deceased wife, while she was obviously aware of her own feelings.
Why should I suffer this humiliation?
I just liked it. What did I do wrong that this human being wants to drop me to the end of hell?
“You really… … !”
Olivia, who was about to raise her voice, stopped talking when she saw Alpheas’ eyes. A different emotion than before was revealed in his eyes.
“You, please… … .”
Alpheas shook his head. She knew Olivia would be disappointed, but he couldn’t hurt her twice.
However, it was a clear fact that it was different from 30 years ago. Maybe it was.
“Don’t get me wrong. Yeah, I know what you’re thinking, but honestly I’m not sure. He may not be able to let go of Erina until he dies. I can’t guarantee you anything.”
Olivia’s eyes grew a little cold. But she wasn’t like the first time.
“But why are you doing this? What could her dead wife get from me holding her heart? What, like a body? As you get older, does the loneliness pierce your bones?”
Alpheas looked up at the sky.
“Maybe it could be. It is not a rational conclusion. I just thought that if it wasn’t now, I wouldn’t have another chance. That’s all.”
Olivia put on a blank expression. Alpheas smiled shyly and said. Even if she thought about it, it was nonsense.
“Is this a bit selfish?”
Olivia shook her head.
“no. Do you know what it really is to be selfish? It’s the first time you’ve been honest about your feelings.”
“Sorry. I couldn’t help it either. It was then. You know, you couldn’t help it.”
Olivia took a long breath and thought.
“So what are you really asking me to do? Are you asking me to try hanging again at this age? Then, maybe you can accept it?”
“I still don’t know how to feel. No matter how long I live in the world, I don’t know this. But I will try.”
Olivia forced herself to hold back the tears.
I should be angry at the selfish proposal, but the moment I heard that I was trying, I felt pathetic and miserable when I felt that the anger I had so far disappeared.
Olivia let out a deep sigh. Alpheas’s words made some sense. To be honest, she didn’t want to live a calculated life.
A second-class wizard. What is there to be afraid of in life when you have achieved everything you want to achieve?
It’s enough to just leave your body as your emotions move and as time goes by. I thought it was an acceptable age.
“Take a tour of the library. Why don’t you drink tea first.”
This time, Alpheas made a surprising expression. His wife lives in the library. She already knew that she was a fool, she was a woman, but she didn’t know that she would drop everything again.
After reading Alpheas’ thoughts, Olivia shook her finger.
“Don’t get me wrong. That’s why I didn’t accept the offer.”
“Then why are you standing there?”
Olivia remembered something from long ago. Destroying Erina’s portrait in front of Alfeas’ eyes was a nightmare she could not forget even now.
“For Erina-san… … I have something to apologize for.”
A smile finally spread across Alpheas’ face.
“However much. Shall we go then?”
When Alpheas left first, Olivia noticed the other teachers, cleared her throat once, and quickly followed.
Teachers were so dumbfounded.
I couldn’t hear what they were talking about in detail, but since the confrontation was over, one of them expected that it would be four months.
However, when they fought to death with their disciples, they always stood side by side and left, and they were dumbfounded.
On the other hand, the kill line, which had been on the rise with Dante’s interview, was hopeless. It can be seen as the birth of a new star, but the problem was his own future.
So far, Dante has monopolized the star. But in the end, he passed away, and now it was Shirone’s world.
In the future, numerous correspondents will scramble to capture Shirone, so the competition rate will be no joke.
Also, their first elimination target was, of course, themselves.
Killine’s eyes twinkled as she rolled her head. Now that she has become like this, she has no choice but to go big and lay the foundation for her later days.
When everyone else is trying to catch Shirone, he will bet against him and get the scoop.
Killline walked over to the video recorder. But when he arrived, the video recording device was lying on the floor.
She looked at me in bewilderment and asked with cold eyes.
“What happened? Why is this down?”
“Uh, that… … The bracelets are all broken. The video recording device is also linked. That way you can shoot battles. Then, at the end, he collapsed with a bang.”
The video archive shrugged as if it was force majeure.
Killline was about to shower her with swear words, but took a deep breath to calm herself.
Since the obscura is a sensitive object, there is a risk of breaking it even with a slight impact.
“Check it out quickly! I mean Obscura. Without it, we can’t article anything.”
“Ah, I see.”
The video archive opened the body and looked inside.
After looking around for a while, he let out a sigh of relief and turned his head.
“are you okay. The Obscura is unharmed.”
Killine’s heart rate finally returned to normal.
“Whoa, that’s good.”
After returning the students safely, Siena finished her mission and approached.
“What happened? Any problem?”
The video archiver burst out laughing.
“Ahaha, that… … .”
Killline suddenly shouted.
“Unbelievable!”
It was the same behavior as a correspondent’s instinct.
When the video archiver and Siena looked back with puzzled expressions, she put on a sad face.
“The Obscura is cracked. Corrupted Obscura cannot play video. In the end, I couldn’t contain anything.”
Siena also let out a sigh of regret. Today’s confrontation was high enough to become a textbook for many students.
The fact that the obscura containing the battle between Shirone and Dante was broken was a loss for the entire kingdom, apart from personal regret.
But at the same time, I also felt fortunate.
I heard that Principal Alfeas ordered Thaad to destroy the black box.
Of course, what was contained in the Obscura is just a simple video, but since it has become like this, it was good to have a clear crackdown.
“Oh, that’s too bad. I’m sorry.”
Siena half-truth and half-false words of consolation and left.
As she walked away, the video archiver looked back at the kill line as if asking what he was doing.
But nothing caught her eye. Only one thought filled her head.
The best correspondent for the Teachers’ Association will always be you.
‘Whoop whoop! Scoop, scoop!’
Truth Revealed (1)
A week has passed since the confrontation between Shirone and Dante.
Olivia was still serving as interim principal, and it was rumored that she would be reappointed as assistant principal starting next semester.
This was shocking news for the students.
Olivia is a 2nd class archmage.
It was unimaginable that he would work under Alpheas if he returned to the Royal Magic School.
But if the rumors are true, it’s really exciting.
Starting with Alfeas, the personality, and Olivia, the best teacher in the kingdom, entering the school, the school’s reputation would skyrocket.
Maybe that’s why the atmosphere of the students was good even during the chaotic time with only one month left in the semester.
Olivia often went for walks with Alpheas.
Still, the two disagreed like fire and water, but I had never seen it turn into a major fight.
Olivia fired like fire, but whenever Alpheas said something, she shut her mouth as if she had been splashed with cold water.
Based on that fact, the teachers and students thought that Olivia must have found some weakness in Alfeas.
Today, Olivia had a leisurely time wandering around the campus with Alpheas.
Most of the curriculum was revised during the semester, so only the teachers were busy.
“I’m going to plant roses on this side.”
Olivia said, spreading her arms as if measuring the width of a flower bed.
Students passing by saw her and said hello.
“Hello, Principal Olivia!”
Olivia greeted them with a friendly smile.
“Okay, is class over?”
“yes. I am going to the library now.”
“I see. But since it’s practice time, can I not go to the training ground?”
“Ah, there was 2,000 classes today. I’m trying to condition myself. I didn’t know before, but now that the 2,000 is introduced, it seems to be difficult because it is intertwined with the practice period.”
“It could be. I’ll make a suggestion at the teachers’ meeting.”
“uh? really? thank you!”
The students ran away to the library in joy.
It was Olivia’s educational policy to respond quickly to increase efficiency rather than adhere to grandiose philosophies.
“principal!”
Thaad shouted from afar and came running. Judging by the look on his face, it seemed like something big was going on.
However, Alpheas and Olivia, who had gone through all of the prenatal battles, were not worried in advance.
“What is it, Mr. Thaad?”
Thaad gasped for breath and swallowed before pulling out a magazine from his heel.
It was <Spirit>, a magazine published by the Teachers Association.
Olivia belatedly sensed the situation.
Well, since an unknown student defeated Dante, the best in the kingdom, it seemed like he knew without even seeing how exaggerated it must have been.
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 257 - The Truth Revealed (2) 1.txt
===============================
[257] The Truth Revealed (2)
“Come to think of it, today is the publication date. The story of our school must have come out well, right?”
Olivia asked as she handed over the magazine.
When the word “our school” came out of her mouth, Alpheas smiled happily.
However, the good atmosphere disappeared the moment I saw the cover.
The headline article contained shocking information.
Blitz! Interview with Shirone’s parents!
Is the student who defeated Dante the son of a mountaineer?
Olivia tilted her head.
It’s not Shirone, it’s an interview with my parents. Besides, what is the son of a mountaineer?
Killline was venomous, but she wasn’t stupid enough to post ridiculous distortion articles.
A cold sweat ran down Alpheas’ spine.
It was a fact, not a distorted article.
At present, only a few people at school know about Shirone’s origins.
Of course, if the kill line is determined to track down the identity, it’s a very easy thing to dig out. With the reporting skills of a professional correspondent, Shirone’s parents couldn’t stand it.
Olivia opened the magazine and read quickly.
The process by which Shirone subdued Dante was described in detail and even included photos.
I heard that the Obscura was broken, but it must have been a lie.
But the article was not a lie.
There is a degree of distortion, but if you wrote an article like this as a fabrication, there is no doubt that it would have been a feeling of being kicked out.
‘Is it true? Shirone… … A mountaineer’s son?’
Olivia looked back at Alfeas as if asking for an explanation.
Alpheas nodded with a bitter expression.
“It’s true. Shirone is the son of a mountaineer. However, at the recommendation of the Ogent family, I was admitted through a special screening process. Even the teachers don’t know. Even Thaad didn’t know.”
Olivia showed her sad feelings.
“It doesn’t matter. Why did you hide it even from me? At least I, the principal, should know.”
Alpheas also had an unfair part.
He knew better than anyone that Olivia was a prudent and heavy-mouthed person. The problem is, I didn’t know that this would happen.
“I hid it and slept, and I didn’t even keep it in my head. It’s been a year already, and no one has wondered about Shirone’s origins.”
When Alpheas spoke with a teary face, Olivia also stopped resenting and fell into thought.
Shirone’s human figure certainly has a unique corner. It was also true that he was not very interested in his origins when he hung out with him.
But where there are a lot of people, anything happens.
“Anyway, I was naive and fell for it. No matter how many allies Shirone has, there will always be students who are jealous. You don’t have to be thinking all the time. If I had known, this would never have happened in the first place.”
Alpheas also had nothing to say this time.
He excelled at caring for students, but had no talent for politics.
Olivia crossed her arms and pondered, then made a decision.
“Mr. Thaad.”
“Yes, Headmaster.”
“Call the kill line right now. As soon as you receive the message, come to me. If he doesn’t come within 24 hours, tell him I’ll come find him myself.”
“All right.”
Thaad lowered his head and turned around.
@
When Shirone’s origins were revealed, Alpheas Magic School was turned upside down.
Teachers were also shocked, but as expected, it was the students who spoke out.
Olivia’s prediction was correct.
Everyone seemed to like Shirone, but there were a handful of students who were swept away by the public flow and couldn’t express their opinions. It was the kind of person who envied Shirone’s talent.
Then, when this incident broke out, they began to sell Shirone like a fish out of water.
After class, the canteen on campus was full of students.
Although the advanced class practice test is over, there is some time to spare, but the library is not suitable for talking about Shirone, which is becoming an issue.
In particular, the middle-ranking group of Class Four, who occupied the table in the corner, were zealously cutting Shirone down as if they were paid money to move.
“Sheesh! does this make sense? To think we went to school with commoners.”
“A commoner is not just a commoner. You are a mountaineer I can’t go because my level is low.”
“For some reason, I sometimes see a dull spot. You can’t lie about where you’re from. It’s only been a year since you learned magic. That’s why I couldn’t even cast basic magic.”
Of course, they were ignoring one fact.
The point is that such a sirone became the top of the advanced class in one year. No, the kingdom was the best.
Everyone felt the contradiction about it, but no one said it out loud.
What they want is to take this opportunity to completely crash Shirone, whether he is a genius or not.
Closer, who was leaning back on the keyboard of the concession stand, grumbled at their chatter.
“It’s not too crazy. Even without Shirone, things you wouldn’t be able to go to first place.”
Sabina didn’t like the way she hid in a corner and wentssiped about someone.
Of course, even to her, Shirone is an enemy she cannot like. However, the pride of competing head-to-head with the best group refused to compare them.
“Dante, how are you?”
“what?”
Dante was watching the menu on the keyboard, paying no attention to Shirone’s gossip.
“I mean Shirone. Actually, it’s shocking. You weren’t a noble.”
Dante blinked and looked back at his friends.
“Hey, what do you guys want to drink?”
Sabina raised her hand and said.
“I like orange juice. My skin has been rough lately, so I need to take some vitamins.”
“okay? Then I’m thirsty, iced coffee. Are you a closer?”
Closer stared at Dante.
The day after losing the 2,000 match, Dante took a break without even going to class. The anti-magic was properly applied, so the school was considerate, but in fact, the injured place must have been the heart, not the mind.
A day passed like that, and the next day, Dante appeared in front of people.
It was natural that the eyes of the children were focused on him, but he took the class with the same attitude as usual as if nothing had happened.
‘Dante, are you really okay?’
I don’t know what he’s thinking.
If he planned revenge, he would prepare a match, and if he acknowledged Shirone, it was right to leave school. The semester was coming to an end anyway, so it was time for him to pack up.
However, Dante did not say anything about further matters.
“Hey, Dante-senpai… … .”
A girl from Class 5 approached Dante with a flushed face.
“huh?”
Dante looked back at her as he bit into the straw in his iced coffee.
“Hey, I was really impressed with this match.”
Closer and Sabina felt their hearts drop.
Even if you don’t notice, it’s enough, and you spit out what the person concerned is silent.
However, the immature girl seemed to believe that if she was sincere, she could say anything.
“Even though he lost, I don’t think Dante sunbaenim lost. Why, there is such a thing, eternal rivals. In the next match, Dante will be able to win.”
Sabina secretly studied Dante’s eyes.
Contrary to expectations, Dante blinked his eyes without revealing any particular emotion, then spoke indifferently.
“Ok, thanks.”
Dante’s friends are shocked.
Dante thought that one defeat was death. Such a calm response was rather unusual.
‘Certainly, the shock of the defeat didn’t make my head go crazy, right?’
After hearing the words of thanks from Dante, the girl quickly returned to her friends’ seats with an excited face.
Come to think of it, all the students were watching this way. The voices stopped before I knew it, and the canteen was silent.
Only then did Dante realize that all eyes were on him, and he looked around. Then, as if she didn’t care, she sat down at an empty table and sipped her coffee.
Closer brought the same coffee Dante ordered and slammed it on the table. Then, sitting across from him, he asked in a whisper.
“What the hell are you doing?”
“what?”
“I mean Shirone. No matter how much I think about it, it’s strange that you don’t say anything.”
“Then what are you talking about?”
“Shirone, say yes. But now that the confrontation is over, something needs to be said. Are you really going to sit down like this? You don’t have to take back the title of the best student in the kingdom.”
Dante laughed. It was a self-deprecating laugh.
“The best student in the kingdom? well… … .”
Closer, frustrated by Dante’s lukewarm response, tapped his chest.
It was clear that he was in a serious slump.
The shock of losing to Shirone was so great that his motivation and passion disappeared.
“you really… … !”
The moment the impatient closer was about to raise his voice, the door of the store opened and two people entered.
Coincidentally, it was Nade and Eruki.
The eyes of the students were naturally focused on it.
It was a situation where the parties who had been in a fierce confrontation for three weeks were reunited.
It was regrettable that Shirone could not be seen, but on the other hand, I wondered why he would carry his head high.
All the students in the school have a higher rank than Shirone.
They were aristocrats, and Shirone is a commoner.
According to social norms, Shirone was the one who had to lick his toes without muttering.
Of course, as an intellectual, I knew that wasn’t exactly right, but I had no intention of giving up the advantage I had been given since birth.
The atmosphere in the store was strange, so Eruki looked around and found Dante.
Dante also met his eyes without avoiding it.
The students waited for the encounter of the two without even breathing, but contrary to expectations, the words spoken by Eruki were bland.
“Are you here? It’s a big deal. I thought you wouldn’t go to places like the canteen.”
Dante held up the coffee.
“Because I am thirsty. What are you doing?”
Since childhood, Eruki had a peculiar taste, so he did not buy food except for special occasions. Because he thinks it reduces brain function.
At that time, because he was young, his classmates looked at him strangely, but Dante thought there was a point.
That’s why even after a long time passed, I remembered Eruki’s eating habits.
Eruki shrugged his shoulders and walked to the keyboard.
“Shirone didn’t eat dinner. I want to buy you something.”
Dante nodded as if he understood.
“okay. How is Shirone?”
“what… … just like that I think I was a bit shocked though.”
“okay? That is surprising.”
Dante was sincere.
He was the one who personally experienced how huge the size of his thoughts was while exchanging super-fast information in 2,000 confrontations. I thought that I was never the type to go out of my way over something like this.
“that is… … Shirone thinks horribly of her family. Killine must be upset that she took an interview of her parents without permission.”
Dante thought of the kill line.
If it was her, that was enough.
Parents’ guilt would be indescribable if they knew that the school was turned upside down.
Shirone didn’t like that, and that’s why she was waiting for this situation to pass as quickly as possible.
“Hey, Eruki, would you hang out with Shirone in this situation?”
James, one of the boys who had been gossiping about Shirone, jumped up and pointed at Eruki.
The middle-ranking group wanted the faction of Dante and Shirone to confront each other. This is because if the exhausting struggle continues to the end and they self-destruct, they also have a chance to rise up.
However, when the expected conflict did not occur, he decided to go ahead and provoke Eruki himself.
“If you are a Mercodyne, you are the best family in the kingdom. Don’t you feel betrayed? Even though Shirone is far below you, she is disguised as the same class as you. But does it make sense that you’re running errands for that bastard’s bread?”
Eruki shook his finger as if he was rather proud.
“Why can’t you talk? First of all, Shirone is my friend. And now I’m hungry. After all, we already knew where Shirone came from. Isn’t it natural that we’re friends?”
“What, what?”
James opened his mouth with a puzzled expression.
Since the three musketeers stick around every day, there is a possibility that Shirone said something. But knowing that, how could we be friends?
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 258 - The Truth Revealed (3) 3.txt
===============================
[258] The Truth Revealed (3)
Nade came out. She’s the kind of person who likes to hang out with all the students, but she couldn’t help but take sides now that she’s in this situation.
“You guys, stop now. Of course, it’s shocking that Shirone is a commoner, but that doesn’t mean he lied on purpose. If I had asked, I would have been honest. Because Shirone has such a personality. It’s not good for students from the same school to attack each other for things outside of competition.”
“compete? don’t bullshit Commoners, commoners! Are you friends with commoners outside? that’s not it! How can you accept Shirone when you are also in the position of being helped by many commoners in your family?”
Nade sighed.
I couldn’t understand the language, so it was useless to try to convince him.
Of course, there was some truth in James’ words, and it wasn’t that their feelings were incomprehensible.
But what? Shirone was already his most precious friend, and he never wanted to see him sad.
James thought that Eruki and Nade had already taken a bean pod against Shirone, so he changed his target to Dante.
“Dante! you say something Of these, you are the one who gets the most heat. Because I was humiliated like that by a commoner!”
Dante put on a puzzled expression.
“I’m pissed, but are there any commoners or nobles? I just lost because I lost.”
He was the first to reveal his feelings about the confrontation, but even he was plain.
James finally realized what was going on.
It’s Dante’s group and Shirone’s group, and they don’t want to get entangled with the middle-ranking group.
It was clear that he was ignoring reality, as if he would be on the same level as himself if he spoke ill of Shirone.
James lowered his head and swayed, then fired impatiently.
“Was it like that after all? Do you all want to F*ck Shirone? Because no one can beat Shirone at school anymore! If you take the side of Shirone, you will think that you look amazing too, right? There is no difference between you and me. In the end, it’s just the same loser!”
Dante said, spinning the ice in the iced coffee.
“That went a little too far. I lost, but why are you excited?”
“You are the one who doesn’t pretend! To be honest, I can’t stand it. Does it make sense to lose so miserably and be okay? say it. You were beaten so badly by Shirone that you passed out. What are you thinking about living?”
“Because these kids want to see you!”
Closer couldn’t stand it and left. Before Dante’s defeat, the children who hadn’t even met eyes were running amok.
“it’s okay. stop.”
After drying the closer, Dante looked up at the ceiling. And after thinking for a while, he slowly opened his mouth.
“if… … What if the design of the automaton had been simplified a bit?”
James’s expression distorted at the sudden noise.
“what? What nonsense are you talking about all of a sudden?”
“Pascal’s circuitry should have been a little more intuitive. For example, it would have been better if the roles were distributed in this way, attack if it was offense and defense if it was defense. Could it be that there were too many types of basic magic? If I had only used the wind cutter without the fireball, my mobility would have increased.”
Dante’s nonstop words made the students look dazed.
Eruki and Nade listened intently.
Certainly, if it had unfolded that way, the game would have changed a little bit.
James, on the other hand, was tight-lipped and trembling with rage.
Dante stood up with a cup of coffee and approached him.
“If you ask me what I’m thinking about, all I can think about is magic. Because I go to magic school. What are you really thinking about? Whether Shirone is a commoner or an aristocrat, what does that have to do with your magic?”
James’ face turned red.
As the shame surged in, I felt like I wanted to leave and run away at any moment.
However, I couldn’t show such ugliness in front of my juniors.
He, who had been pushed back by logic, acted forcefully this time.
“Shut up, shut up! How about you? You didn’t even kneel to Shirone. I’d rather kill him or something, but he shouted loudly, and he’s still alive!”
Closer’s eyes went cold.
“James, do you want to die?”
James was frightened and startled, but the words had already come out.
Besides, Closer was the one who was beaten by Eruki, so he couldn’t use force here.
“It’s true! say it! What are you if you are not a person who is different from the outside?”
Dante was silent for a moment.
It wasn’t really a deep thought. I was just waiting for Shirone’s voice to end.
“that is… … .”
Dante said lightly.
“I couldn’t die. Dying is scary.”
“What, what?”
Eruki burst out laughing.
I’m not laughing at Dante.
Dying is, of course, scary for anyone. As Shirone said, it’s because he’s just a human being.
I don’t like Dante, but I liked his automaton-like personality.
“I really fought with the determination to die, but when it turned out like this, I couldn’t die. That’s all. I don’t want to get down on my knees.”
James lost his temper.
Dante and the others and Shirone and the others couldn’t understand at all what they were thinking about. In his eyes, everyone looked like a psychopath.
“haha! ok, now i get it You loser guy! In the end, he gave a tail to Shirone. You were a child who didn’t even have the courage to die from the start! Why don’t we go back to that prestigious Royal Magic School?”
Closer made a serious decision to dump James.
It’s true that until now, I’ve been discouraged by the aftermath of defeat, and I’ve been reluctant to beat someone up. But he couldn’t just let the guy who insulted Dante go.
“Dante, stop interfering now.”
Closer patted his fist and approached James.
But this time, Dante stopped the closer.
“it’s okay. This is also the fate of losers. You can’t prove it.”
Closer made an expression that he was going crazy because he was unfair.
“Dante… … .”
But Dante was really good.
James’ voice was just noise. Words with no meaning.
Didn’t he drop out of school at a young age because he hated children who were passionate about other people’s affairs without even having time to look back on themselves?
Dante responded with a smile to the excited James.
“And James, I am not going back to the Royal Academy of Witchcraft and Wizardry. I will continue to attend Alpheas Magic School, and I will graduate here.”
Closer forgot the resentment he had just a moment ago and raised his eyes in surprise.
It was a sudden remark, considering that he hadn’t even said a word about his future plans.
Sabina asked in disbelief.
“Dante, really? I still haven’t got a definite answer whether Master Olivia will accept the position of vice principal.”
“It has nothing to do with Master. If Shirone is here, of course I should stay too.”
A light of joy lit up in Closer’s eyes.
“You mean to wage a revenge battle? good! When are you going to do it?”
“That is not my decision. I’ve already lost, but I don’t want to force myself. But I still have one chance to make up for it. Can’t we give up that opportunity and transfer schools?”
“huh? A chance?”
Dante looked back at Eruki and said.
“Graduation exam. It is a gateway that no magic school student can avoid. Of course, Shirone will also take the graduation exam.”
Eruki nodded as if it were natural.
“of course.”
Dante was at last relieved.
There were still a few variables to consider, but it was rather refreshing to declare them according to the flow of the situation.
As Shirone said, he is just a human being. He doesn’t have to obsess over trivial odds.
Dante intended to start over from there.
“Closer, I will take my graduation exam here. And I will definitely beat Shirone and graduate with first place.”
Closer flexed his muscles and shouted loudly.
“good! Definitely win this time! Let’s start special training from today!”
Nade said while pulling Eruki.
“haha! Can I get first place that easily? Do you think we’ll just hang out?”
Dante nodded his head as if acknowledging it.
It was true that Nade and Eruki were rivals as strong as Shirone.
“Yeah, go for it. No. 1 will be mine anyway.”
Dante said to James, who was standing in a borrowed bag of barley.
“You prepare hard too. After all, you have to graduate to become a wizard, right?”
James didn’t answer. He just walked out of the canteen with his head down.
The students who had been gossiping about Shirone so far noticed each other and quietly followed suit. Shirone and the others were daunting, but when Dante and the others were said to be competing in the advanced class, it was already dark.
Dante threw the finished coffee into the trash and walked to the door.
“We are going. Tell Shirone that you won’t lose next time.”
Eruki snorted and said.
“How about doing it yourself?”
Dante paused and looked up at the ceiling.
“Well, whatever. when the time comes later.”
Then, as if nothing had happened, I opened the door and left.
The cool personality that doesn’t take anything seriously seems to be her nature.
Then suddenly the door opened again and Sabina entered.
She glared at Nade, pursed her lips, and then, as if determined, strode forward.
Now that Dante has decided to make a comeback, he has to overcome his fear of Nade.
Sabina’s eyes widened as Nade pulled his neck back.
He knew she was afraid of him after the lynching. Of course, it is true that she insulted her family, but she was sorry that the fear of death had been imprinted on her.
“Everything, next time we meet, I won’t leave you alone.”
I could imagine how much courage Sabina must have had to say this.
Nade decided to forgive.
I wasn’t particularly interested in the magician’s license, but I wanted to have a fair competition until graduation.
Nade said with a smile.
“Okay, let’s compete properly next time.”
“joy.”
Sabina ran out of the concession stand, blushing. Her heart thumped at her confidence that she had done it.
Eruki blankly watched as Sabina left.
“What, all of a sudden?”
I couldn’t figure out what the conversation between the two meant because I didn’t know everything.
Even Nade, who normally should have spoken first, kept his mouth shut.
“What? what’s the matter? maybe you… … Are you a little like Sabina?”
Nade shook his hand in amazement.
“no! Sabina… … Oh, I don’t know. There is just such a thing.”
Seeing that he didn’t want to say anything, Eruki didn’t ask any more questions.
Whatever the relationship between Sabina and Nade was, it was the circumstances of the parties.
Of course, personally, I wanted to actively support it. Sabina isn’t to her liking, but she’s all right if she can drive out her revenant that has settled in Nade’s mind.
“okay. Anyway, let’s go buy it quickly. Shirone, I will wait for you.”
@
Supernatural Psychic Research Society.
In the lab where her friends left, Shirone was lost in thought.
On the sofa was the Spirit magazine Nade had brought, and Shirone’s eyes stayed on the page with the interview article of her parents.
“Ha, why… … .”
Shirone couldn’t believe what had just happened.
Of course, I am not ashamed of being the child of a commoner, and I am proud of being the son of my parents.
But now, Shirone was at an age where she knew the world to some extent.
There were many friends at the magic school who were clear-minded, so they hadn’t experienced any particular crisis, but the world’s gaze would have been different.
I wanted to meet my parents. How are you two feeling right now?
Even the father knows that it is not good if his son’s identity is revealed.
How did the alternative kill line make the confession?
I will not be able to forgive her if a coercive method has been used.
‘I hope my mother doesn’t get hurt.’
Since it was published in a magazine published throughout the kingdom, it seemed that permission would be denied if he submitted a leave of absence even now.
Above all, if it was Principal Alpheas, he would think of it as if it were his own business.
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 259 - The Truth Revealed (4) 4.txt
===============================
[259] The Truth Revealed (4)
However, Shirone shook her head.
Less than a month left until the end of the semester.
The practical test passed, and all that remained was the theory test.
I had to assume that there would be no time to reinforce the basics if it wasn’t for this period because I would enter the senior class from next semester.
Reasonable judgment was the same, but emotions did not move as expected.
Although Shirone is unmoved by anything, there was no way that books would catch her eye in the yard where her parents were hanging.
It was the same reason why I came into the study group as soon as class was over and was immersed in wandering thoughts.
Nade opened the door to the research meeting and came in.
“Hey Shirone, we’re here.”
Eruki put the bread bag on the table and sat across from Shirone’s sofa.
“I brought you something to eat. You must be hungry, but if you think about it, eat it.”
“Yeah, thank you.”
“I met Dante at the canteen.”
“okay? How are you?”
“How? I was very eager. Guess I’ll stay in school He said he would definitely beat you in the graduation exam and graduate with first place. I told you to tell me myself We will be declaring war sooner or later, so think of lines that will give you a shot in advance.”
Even in the middle of the confusion, Shirone burst into laughter.
Truly thorough and thorough. When Dante and his party became competitors, it seemed that they were already ready for battle.
“Okay, I’ll think about it. I laugh because of you.”
When I said that I was laughing because of you, Eruki smiled bitterly. As expected, even if he didn’t show his expression, it was clear that he was in a bad mood.
Nade, who was wondering if there was any way to make Shirone’s mind a little easier, thought of a rumor and said.
“I heard this during the day, and Principal Olivia must have called the kill line. Perhaps you can come up with some kind of solution. Don’t worry too much.”
“okay… … .”
Shirone also heard rumors that Olivia might be staying at the school.
However, it was unclear how much help they would be able to help in the yard that had already exploded.
The most frustrating thing was not being able to do anything.
Rumors are insubstantial, so they cannot be won in a fight or put in handcuffs and imprisoned.
All Shirone could do was hope that this wind would pass without incident.
@
Received a summons, Killline rode a wagon that night and arrived at Creas.
Olivia is also in charge of the auditor’s position, the highest executive in the teachers’ association, so if she responds clumsily, she will be in trouble.
Killin, who only took care of basic women’s clothing, grabbed a random inn, slept, and headed to Alpheas Magic School in the morning.
The students who recognized her whispered.
It was clear that the article interviewing Shirone’s parents caused a stir. Also, no matter what feelings they had for Shirone, no students were going to see him well.
Killline thought that today’s schedule would not be easy.
‘doesn’t care. It’s something I’ve been prepared for anyway.’
By revealing the origin of Shirone, Dante’s star character is maintained.
Not only did he feed the other correspondents who were searching for a new star, but he was able to continue his life as it is.
Olivia would also want Dante to succeed.
I wouldn’t stand by a stimulating article given my social status, but I had to give a few words of admonition and wrap it up.
Killine straightened her clothes and stood in front of the principal’s office. He cleared his throat, scratched his throat, and reported in a polite cheery voice.
“It’s a kill line.”
“Come on in.”
Olivia’s voice was the part she, as a correspondent, envied the most.
If God permits, I would choose her voice over the position of second-class archmage.
But today, I was in a bad mood.
Her voice, an authority on linguistic magic, has a special power to pierce the human heart.
Listening to it, it was never a good feeling.
When I entered the principal’s office, Olivia was sitting there with a cold expression on her face. Next to her was the unusually former headmaster Alpheas, and across from her was Shirone.
“Hello, Ms. Olivia, Ms. Alfeas. Oh, and how is Shirone?”
Killline made eye contact with all three and greeted them.
no one answered Olivia, in particular, didn’t even tell her to sit down.
“This article… … Can you explain?”
Olivia threw the magazine at Killline’s feet.
You can’t feel good when a magazine containing your articles falls to the floor.
But Killline didn’t show it. He was in a much worse mood than expected.
“Reporting the facts is a correspondent’s job and calling. Is there any problem?”
Shirone’s brow narrowed.
Correspondents have a duty to tell the truth, but they are not the only ones in this world who deserve to pursue precious values.
Even if a clear line cannot be drawn, if there is a duty to fulfill one’s calling, there is also a law to be followed.
As if there was nothing to hold back, Killline held her head upright and overcame the gaze of the three.
Have you experienced this type of coercion once or twice while covering an aspiring wizard?
High-ranking aristocrats lobbied to write good articles, and sometimes unknown gangs attacked and made a mess inside the house.
He overcame all the adversity and rose to this position.
Also, Olivia knew that situation better than anyone else.
As much as she overcame the threats of numerous competitors to make Dante a star, she would not be able to do anything about herself.
“Of course, I expected that Shirone’s interview would create a social impact. But Olivia, it can’t be helped. I just transcribed the contents of the interview. I’m saying that it’s not my fault that Shirone’s origin is different from others.”
Olivia smiled wide.
Is this over? Killline sincerely thought so.
But her smile faded in an instant.
“You’ve grown a lot, Killline.”
Killine’s face hardened.
“A kid who couldn’t even talk to me when he first joined the teachers’ association. Now, beyond being equal, they even try to play with words… … .”
Killline felt that the situation was going strangely, but he himself was in a position to fight on the line.
I’d rather die right here than have my 10-year career go to waste.
“Huh, did you? It was so long ago that I can’t remember. Come to think of it, Olivia-san is that old too. I never would have thought of such an uneducated tone before. It looks like Seppa is scary.”
Olivia and Killline’s gaze collided head-on.
Alpheas couldn’t see it and opened his mouth.
“Mr. Killine, no matter how important the article is, there is no responsibility in documenting a person’s life… … .”
“You are still.”
Olivia cut off.
It’s like a stuffy inspiration tank. Killline is such a venomous child that he is trying to convince him with the theory of personality?
The use of short language in official settings was also directed to pressure the kill line.
Alpheas was embarrassed and kept his mouth shut, but the effect was great.
Killline was still smiling, but her face was as pale as white paper.
“Are you crazy, kill line?”
Killline couldn’t breathe. On the contrary, his heart was frantically pumping oxygen throughout his body.
Even a child knows that if Olivia really tries to step on her, she won’t be an opponent.
I didn’t know why she was so scornful of herself.
It was also for Dante’s sake, and it was true that she had been silently sympathizing with this situation up until now.
“I’m sorry if I’ve been rude. But Olivia, this is unavoidable. No matter how much she is in charge of the teachers’ council, she can’t put outside pressure on the article. If this fact is revealed, I will not be the one to be in trouble.”
Killline’s words had some truth to them.
No one in the teachers’ association had the right to correct what the correspondent of the editorial department actually wrote.
Exceptions were cases where martial law was imposed by the royal family or illegal corruption was revealed in the process of writing articles.
“No, the kill line. You are the one who ends the correspondent’s life. The interview with Shirone’s parents, how did you get it? If you listen to what Shirone says, your parents are never the kind of people who would say things like that carelessly.”
The kill line recoiled slightly.
To be honest, I didn’t know that Olivia would pursue him so persistently, so I was somewhat relaxed about him.
Of course, I didn’t threaten or create a coercive atmosphere. It was just a little bit of a parent’s heart to worry about their child.
“Just what… … I kept asking and he told me. You must have been nervous because it was an interview. There are many people like that.”
Olivia smiled an absurd smile.
“Killin, do I not know you?”
Killline pursed her lips and glared sadly at Olivia.
Olivia knows her method of reporting to the core. Because she joined her and she made Dante her star for 10 years.
That’s why it was even more unfortunate. I felt like I wanted to cry even if I gave him an achievement award, but he called me and put pressure on me.
“As a commoner blinded by the magic society, it would have been over if I emphasized one thing. teacher society. Did Shirone use her status as a student to sell the teachers’ council’s authority? Of course, the parents had no choice but to agree. You will think that students who are stamped out by the teachers’ association are doomed.”
Shirone’s eyes tightened.
If you really pressured your parents like that, it’s absolutely unforgivable.
Killline felt like a rat in a dead-end alley. It was clear to Olivia that she was determined to catch herself today.
But there was still one more weapon left.
It’s self-destruction.
Taking off the mask of pretense, she had tears in her eyes with a sorrowful expression on her face.
“Yes, I did. But why? Olivia knows that too. that’s what everyone does If you can’t even do that, you won’t be able to write an article.”
There was an unspoken threat in Killline’s words. Didn’t Dante do the same?
But Olivia did not raise an eyebrow.
Of course, if you dig deeper, Olivia must have some faults.
However, it was a mistake to think that the teacher council’s appreciation and the second-class archmage of the red line were in the same position as the kill line.
“Killin, I don’t blame you as a correspondent. It is to punish you for betraying me, whom I have believed in for so long.”
The kill line felt like it was going to collapse.
We were talking about doing it if we wanted to. It was a threat to see who would survive when they bit each other.
Rather, if he was of the same type as Alpheas, he would have nothing to fear.
However, Olivia is streetwise and has a somewhat snobbish temperament.
If such a person was born with a genius mind, there was no corner for the kill line to rub from the beginning.
“What have I betrayed? I’ll be honest. I knew Olivia would like it. Dante lost. I just wanted Olivia’s pupil to succeed.”
Olivia finally relaxed her expression.
Since the pretense of the kill line had been stripped away, it could be said that it was a real conversation from now on.
“Thank you for thinking about it, but it is presumptuous. And it wasn’t for me, it was for you. Without Dante, your position in the teacher society will be shaken. But not me. Dante lost, but Shirone won. Shirone is also my disciple, so there is nothing to lose.”
“yes? I beg your pardon?”
Killline made a puzzled expression.
Why is it that Shirone is her disciple?
I looked back at Alpheas, but he had a blank expression as if he didn’t know.
“Shirone is your disciple? Olivia is a temporary worker. I understand that she will quit her job as principal sooner or later.”
“I was going to, but I changed my mind. I stay at Alpheas Magic School. From next semester, I will be inaugurated as vice principal. So you become a traitor determined to ruin the future of my student.”
Killline still didn’t understand her and rolled her eyes in confusion.
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 260 - The Truth Unveiled (5) 1.txt
===============================
[260] The Truth Revealed (5)
To think that she, who had been the principal of the Royal Magic School ten years ago, would become a vice principal at a local school.
It must be true because he is not the type to lie in front of a correspondent.
But why the hell? Did he make a choice that would destroy his career, which he had built up throughout his life, in an instant?
What the hell is this school for?
Alpheas also had doubts.
Although she had become close with her after resolving old grievances in recent years, she was stubborn to the end when it came to being a sympathizer.
“Olivia. you… … .”
“Stay still. We can talk about that later.”
When Olivia looked at her frustrated, Alpheas quickly shut up.
Meanwhile, Killline’s eyes moved quickly. Calculations of her profit and loss ran rapidly through her head.
A minor misunderstanding brought about this situation. No, could this be called an illusion?
It was just Olivia’s whim.
However, if the 2nd class archmage acted capricious, there was no choice but to adjust.
Killline hurriedly dropped to her knees and fell to the floor.
“sorry! I made a mistake without even knowing the topic. I should have sent you a message in advance, but I didn’t even know Olivia was thinking that way, so… … .”
It was inevitable that it would rain.
When she can reasonably crush someone, Olivia becomes the scariest thing in the world.
Hundreds of students who studied with her are sitting in the leadership ranks of all walks of life. Not only would she get her kicked out of her teacher society if she kept her mouth open, but she could be kicked out of society forever.
“I will issue a correction right away. Give me one last chance! I will somehow rectify this situation.”
Olivia let out a long sigh.
If it was that easy, I wouldn’t have created this atmosphere in the first place.
Magazines have already spread throughout the world, and it is impossible to collect them all. Even if it is collected, people’s memories cannot be erased.
“Issuing a corrective article is to escalate the case. Don’t make unnecessary issues.”
“Then what shall we do?”
Killine raised her head with tears in her eyes.
She came in with her head straight, and within 10 minutes she had become a young correspondent who had just joined the Teachers’ Association.
“Do a feature article for two months. Turn your attention to provocative articles such as corruption in each school, sexual harassment of students by teachers, and organ trafficking in the wizarding community. i’ll give you the sauce Shirone and Dante’s names should never be in magazines.”
“Yes, yes, I will.”
“and… … Apologize to Shirone.”
Killline looked back at Shirone on her knees.
Shirone showed complex emotions on his face.
It is true that he is angry, but it was also sad to see the kill line where he fights and bends to protect his rice bowl.
Maybe it’s because she’s an adult. It’s an adult’s life where everything ends with one mistake.
“sorry. I’ll do anything for compensation I can, please give me one more chance… … .”
Shirone didn’t want to hear it.
If that’s the case, I want to scream that I shouldn’t have done it in the first place, but that was also futile.
It was embarrassing to see an adult 15 years older than himself crawling onto his lap and banging his head on the ground.
“That’s Okay. Just go. Because it’s already in the past. You can’t turn it around. But if you get a chance later, I want you to apologize to my parents.”
“Yes, I will see you right away. I’m really sorry.”
Olivia smiled bitterly.
All students would be similar, but Shirone was especially honest. A little brainy kid wouldn’t hit the kill line like this.
‘Honestly, he’s a kid who’s far from lust for fame or money.’
The characteristic of those who have realized the immortal function is that their way of thinking is metaphysical. They have an extreme lack of thirst for the world, pursue ideals, and show deep interest in the world beyond imagination.
Whatever Syrone’s tendencies, Olivia didn’t want to throw the kill line.
Even in monarchies, the power of the press cannot be ignored, and she was smart.
Besides, since he had a high reputation in the correspondent world, it was far more profitable to keep him by his side than to train a new correspondent.
“Killin, you are a capable kid. Make sure you don’t make this mistake again. When this work is over, let’s have a meal.”
“thank you! This will never happen again!”
“Yes, go see.”
Killline bowed her head and backed away.
When this happened, Alpheas and Shirone had nothing to say.
I chose the best solution possible in the current situation, and Killin also felt like falling into hell, so my heart was relieved to some extent.
Olivia turned to Shirone and said.
“I’m sorry. it’s my negligence Of course, technically speaking, this inspiration is not at fault.”
Alpheas covered his mouth as if he was embarrassed and cleared his throat.
Shirone smiled.
This did not relieve all his emotions, but Olivia and Alfeas’ existence was a strong support for him, who had no place to rely on.
Alpheas comforted Shirone.
“This too will pass soon. There is a final exam soon, so don’t think about anything and focus on the exam. Then everything will be back to normal.”
“thank you. I will stop.”
Shirone expressed her sincere gratitude and left the principal’s office.
Although all the protagonists of this incident have disappeared, there is still tension in the principal’s office.
Olivia closed her eyes and thought. She then asked, looking at Alfeas.
“You really think so?”
Alpheas didn’t answer.
If it’s a moderately serious matter, time is the medicine. However, in the case of Shirone, the situation was different.
What they were thinking about was not that Shirone’s origins were low or that they were not qualified to attend magic school.
“I will have no choice but to watch. perhaps… … Nothing may happen.”
“I guess so. but… … .”
Olivia stopped talking.
As Alpheas had said, talking about it now wouldn’t change anything. I just hoped that the terrifying bomb hidden in this incident would not be revealed on the surface.
@
The final exam is over.
In the last semester, we went on vacation right after the exams were over, but there was one more schedule in the second half.
It was the graduation exam of the senior class.
As it was the biggest festival of the Magic School, where all students attended, the atmosphere inside the school was lively.
Shirone’s final grade was 6th in Class Four.
First place was Dante, followed by Sabina, Closer, Boyle, and Pandora.
Under Shirone, Eruki and Nade were seated.
Shirone, who had greatly strengthened the battery, which was her biggest weakness, within a year, was satisfied. On the other hand, Eruki and Nade were stunned for a while, as if shocked by how they fell behind in the theory test.
In terms of the total score combined with the practical test scores, Shirone’s rank was a whopping 3rd.
Dante was first overall, followed by Eruki.
Anyway, since Dante, who took first place overall, was defeated in the 2,000th round, there were many students who sided with Shirone by a narrow margin in the first rank of graduates.
However, in terms of reputation, it was not as good as before.
Because their origins were revealed, the children who had followed Shirone were moving away one by one.
Among them, there were people who blatantly spat words of disparagement at Shirone.
Shirone was hurt every time that happened, but he didn’t show it.
Killline kept his word and no longer appeared in Spirit magazine.
According to Olivia, she went to visit her parents and knelt down to pray.
There are days in life when you fall into a bog, so Shirone thought that this was also the passing wind.
maybe it could have been
However, Shirone’s article, which was published only once in Spirit magazine, came back with a huge aftermath beyond anyone’s imagination.
One day, with 15 days left before the graduation exam, an incident occurred that shook the magic school.
Clap! Clap!
Up to 40 knights were fully armed and passed through Tormia’s noble district. It was a soldier escorting a wagon.
The carriage, decorated with a gold crown, was large enough to eat, sleep, and pack inside.
Even the nobles of the highest ranks did not dare to frown at the march of armed troops occupying the road.
So, it was only natural that the livers of the guards guarding the main gate of the school had become the size of a pea.
When the carriage stops at the main gate, the school’s security system is thrown into chaos.
The Chief of Security ran out in a hurry, and after reading the document handed to him by the lead driver, he ran to the principal’s office, even paler than when he ran.
“principal! It’s a big deal!”
As soon as the head of security knocked, he opened the door to the principal’s office and entered.
Olivia’s impression of hating people with no manners was wrinkled.
However, when the chief of security, who was almost fifty, looked like he was about to cry, he put his emotions aside for a while.
“What happen?”
“I-over there… … who came… … No, look at this!”
The chief of security placed the document on the desk instead of explaining it verbally.
Olivia held up the document and read it carefully out of curiosity rather than nervousness.
“ha… … .”
Olivia put the paper back down and sighed as she touched her forehead.
“Uh, what should I do? Shall I let you in?”
“Of course it should. how can i get rid of it? Please guide me this way. I’ll go out to meet you as soon as I’m ready.”
“All right!”
The chief of security skipped even greetings and hurried away.
Olivia wanted to follow and nag him, but it wasn’t that he didn’t understand his feelings. She probably had a tingling sensation in her hamstrings and had no thoughts in her head.
“at last… … Things have blown up.”
Olivia rested her chin on her desk with her elbows on the desk.
The thing I was worried about finally happened, but I didn’t think it would be such a great opponent.
‘but… … I can’t help but move Seeing an article like that.’
Maybe it’s a good thing for Shirone?
Looking at his inclination, he might rather hate it, but considering his future and life, it was definitely close to a blessing.
“anyway… … I should go out and see.”
Olivia quickly changed her clothes and left the principal’s office.
@
The students stopped and watched as the house-sized carriage crossed the garden.
The size of the wagon is amazing, but it was the first time an armed soldier with weapons entered the school.
“what? What happened?”
“Where was the war? Why do knights come to school?”
A murmur was heard here and there, but the knights moved on without even looking at them.
At last the carriage stopped at the center of the school building.
The knights put their hands on the handles of their swords and stood guard against their son-in-law, as if they would immediately unleash the sword at the slightest hint of something suspicious.
The students who heard the rumors gathered one by one. At last the carriage was filled with hundreds of people.
Even so, the carriage was nailed to the spot without even a slight movement.
After receiving Olivia’s message, Alpheas came out to meet him first.
However, even when the former principal of the school appeared, the knights did not lose their vigilance.
“Principal, what is this? Did anything happen at school?”
Alpheas couldn’t say anything to his disciples.
Even after receiving Olivia’s message, he was dubious, but when he checked it with his own eyes, it was a situation that exceeded expectations.
On the roof of the chariot adorned with a gold crown stood a statue of a lion carved in gold.
There was only one country on the continent that used the symbol of a lion.
Alpheas had just come running, so he didn’t hear the details, but if they came, the reason was mana.
Shirone.
It was Killline’s mistake that ultimately led to this situation.
‘No, should I call this a state of affairs? Maybe for Shirone… … .’
At that moment, the carriage door burst open and an old man with wide eyes came down. As the knights opened the road left and right, they stubbornly kept their mouth shut.
His gait was staggering due to his old age, but the miasma on his face was not an ordinary impression.
Escaping from the escort of the knights, he looked around at the students in the audience and took out a scroll from his bosom with a strong and arrogant expression.
The scroll was also of the finest paper and was bordered with gold.
“I am Ordos, the magistrate of the Kazura Kingdom and a messenger who came to follow the king’s orders!”
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 261 - The Truth Revealed (6) 10.txt
===============================
[261] The Truth Revealed (6)
The students involuntarily backed away.
The voice of the old man, who was likely to go into the coffin tomorrow, was louder than the shouts of the young man.
However, once I realized the meaning of the old man’s words, I couldn’t even be surprised at that extent.
Kazura Kingdom was a country located in the northern part of Tormia Kingdom.
Why would an administrative officer who obeys the king’s order come to a local school other than the Royal Magic School?
The students’ doubts were resolved by Ordos’ words.
“Arian Shirone is here! If so, you will have to come out and follow the king’s command!”
As if it were any duty, the students all went to Shirone.
But Shirone was nowhere to be seen.
After the embarrassment subsided, I had a strange thought. Why is the envoy of Kazura Kingdom looking for Shirone?
Alpheas turned to the student next to him and said.
“Won’t you go and get Shirone? It must be urgent.”
“yes? Ah yes!”
The student hurriedly threw himself off and left to find Shirone.
Of course, I don’t know where he is, and it’s almost impossible to find him on this wide campus. However, there was no rush, so I had to move my legs first.
“Arian Shirone! Is Shirone not here? It is the king’s name! Hurry up and come out and follow my orders!”
Ordos screamed loudly at what he was so dissatisfied with.
Of course, if you are an envoy of the Kazura kingdom, you are in a position to carry out the king’s order, so it is clear that no one in this position can be touched.
No matter how high Alpheas was in the wizarding community, it was only a position assigned by the state. No organization can take precedence over the state.
However, it was as if the king of a foreign country had come forward directly, so the students of the aristocratic children who had read The Legend of the King worn out did not even make a sound.
“Shirone! Can’t you come out sooner!”
“I brought Shirone.”
A beautiful voice cut through the metal of Ordos.
Olivia, the current principal of Alpheas Magic School, came holding Shirone’s hand.
It wasn’t difficult to find because I always stopped by the Supernatural Psychic Research Society after class.
Eruki and Nade followed.
Shirone looked around with a puzzled expression.
Almost all the students were gathered, and in front stood a guard and a large carriage that could tell that they were strong just by looking at them.
All I heard from Olivia on the way was that someone was looking for her.
“Shirone, go see that person. He is the messenger of the Kazura Kingdom.”
“yes? Are you buying?”
Shirone looked up at Olivia in surprise.
Syrone now trusts her as much as Killline took care of her when she was cheating, but when she heard that she was the king’s envoy, she couldn’t help but feel uneasy.
Olivia patted him on the back affectionately.
“are you okay. You will find out when you go.”
Trusting Olivia, Shirone took a deep breath and walked towards Ordos.
Ordos glared at Shirone with wide eyes.
It’s obvious, but it felt like my brain was being pierced. Ordos asked with his characteristic raspy voice at the moment when he thought that he would not be able to tell any lies.
“Are you Aryan Shirone?”
“Yes, it is.”
“To lie here is to scorn the Kazura Kingdom! I’ll ask again! Are you sure you are Aryan Shirone!”
“yes! I’m sure!”
Shirone screamed involuntarily.
I don’t know why he had to scream so badly even though he was having a conversation at close range, but it definitely worked.
As my mind went pale, the answer came out spontaneously, as if hypnotized.
Ordos reached out to the assistant shooter standing behind him.
When the assistant shooter handed over a scroll with the royal family’s seal on it, Ordos, who opened it, raised his head arrogantly and shouted:
“Arian Shirone! Before conveying the king’s order, I would like to ask you a few questions. Know that telling a lie or perjury can put your life in danger. You know!”
“all right.”
I didn’t like Ordos’ attitude of calling people over and threatening their lives, but since it was the king’s order, I had no choice but to obey.
Of course, since I hadn’t lived a life of sin, I had nothing to shy away from.
“Aryan Shirone. Is that Ariane Shirone, the son of a mountaineer living halfway up the Valley of Dawn?”
“Yes, that’s right.”
“Arian Vincent, is it Shirone, the child Ariane Olina picked up from the stable?”
For the common people, there is no surname that has a specific meaning.
The reason Vincent and Olina share the same last name is because they are of Aryan race. It is not known to the world because it is a minority, but an ethnologist would have heard it at once and would have known that it was a commoner.
In the end, Ordos’ words showed no consideration for Shirone.
It was a fact that the entire kingdom knew that Shirone was a commoner, even without adding that he was a child picked up from a stable.
“Yes, that’s right.”
Shirone sighed and replied.
I could feel the hateful eyes of the students, but I had already made up my mind.
However, Ordos persistently emphasized only the bad parts, like a person who couldn’t bear to shame Shirone.
“You were raised at the age of 2 months by Vincent, a hunter who lives in the Thorn Mine area located halfway up the Origin Mountains. The abandoned place is a stable. From then on, he followed his father in learning the art of hunting. He later entered the Orgent family as a regular butler and worked there for two years, then became a guest there and entered a magic school. Is this far true?”
One of the students burst into laughter.
“Puhahaha! Even butler!”
The laughter disappeared as soon as the eyes of the surroundings focused, but it was clear that the other students were also laughing inwardly.
A rank butler is an attendant in an aristocratic family who wipes the floor.
Nade looked around to remember the smiling face of the student earlier.
Eruki frowned as if he was offended by Ordos’ words.
Shirone sighed once more.
When he first came forward, he was not in a hurry, but at this point he understood his situation anew.
Everyone is mocking themselves.
It was a terrible thing to see friends who laughed and chatted together not long ago staring at each other like bugs.
“Answer me, Shirone! Is all this true?”
“Yes, it is true… … .”
As soon as Shirone spoke, the students murmured.
Most of them were belittling and ridiculing, and only a few looked at Shirone with pity.
Canis and Arin, who were listening far away from the crowd, were also among those few.
“I am surprised. To say Shirone was a commoner.”
“Hey, what does that mean? After all, nobles are unlucky. All I know how to do is to promote the family name.”
Canis and Arin also have no parents. He was abandoned on the street when he was young and spent his childhood in Radum, the shadow of the capital, so the nobles who mocked Shirone couldn’t help but feel sorry for him.
“There are people who don’t. Eruki and Nade, as well as Dante and the others, are in a bad mood. Dante in particular is surprising. I thought he would hate Shirone.”
It must be true that Arin has the ability of supernatural powers.
Canis looked at Dante with displeasure and spat out words as if it meant nothing.
“Sheesh, what does origin matter to magic-crazed bastards? If you’re an aspiring wizard, that’s normal. No, that sucks too. Who do you sympathize with when you were born with a golden spoon?”
Arin smiled.
Shirone had the title of commoner, but they were just rootless illegitimate children. Even if he spoke harshly, it was clear that Canis was also shaken by Dante’s attitude towards people with only magic.
“excuse me… … Amy is coming too.”
Two women were running towards the place Arin pointed to. It was Amy and her best friend Seriel.
“Amy, what the hell is this about?”
Seriel breathed heavily, but didn’t keep her mouth shut for a second.
The first student who received Alpheas’s request was Amy, known as Shirone’s lover.
Of course, there was no way that Seriel, who stood by her side, would not accompany her in such an amazing situation.
“I don’t know! You will know when you go.”
Amy and Seriel made their way through the crowd of students.
Since Shirone’s official lover appeared, the students left without a muttering.
“Shirone! what is this… … !”
Amy made her way through the crowd and swallowed hastily.
Numerous knights were watching everywhere with murderous eyes, and a grumpy old man was shouting evil.
Shirone slightly bowed her head and listened to the old man, as if she had committed a crime and was waiting for a verdict.
Ordos’s criticism of Shirone has reached a point where it’s hard to stop.
He started talking about stories in magazines, and when it was over, he began to spread private anecdotes collected on his own channel.
There was even an anecdote about spending time with children in a slash-and-burn village, and wandering in the mountains for days and days to find food.
From the students’ point of view, everything was new and absurd. Also, to that extent, the fact that Shirone was a commoner touched my heart even more.
The scroll Ordos was holding would contain only the king’s orders.
At this point, the efforts of Ordos, who memorized all the details over 18 years, were also imaginary.
Shirone, the party involved, was in a state of confusion.
The feeling of having all the secrets exposed in front of friends I’ve been with for a year was more miserable than being naked.
“Are all these facts true? Answer me, Shirone.”
Shirone was so excited that he didn’t even know he was clenching his fists. When he came to his senses, he was on the verge of an explosion.
He hastily calmed down and nodded his head as if resigned.
“Yes, that’s right.”
The students burst into laughter.
As the barrage of absurd questions continued, no one paid any attention.
Actually, it wasn’t even that funny. But to them, who grew up in an aristocratic family, the past of Shirone, the best student in the advanced class, couldn’t be that interesting.
Seriel’s face looked at Amy worriedly.
Of course, he first learned that Shirone was a commoner through a magazine.
To be honest, it was a big shock. She felt sorry for Amy for not telling her such a vital fact.
But Seriel decided to choose the one that would make her happy.
To hate Amy and Shirone, everything I went through while living with them was too precious.
But other students had no such memories.
To them, Shirone was nothing more, nothing less, an unapproachable genius and, preferably, a stumbling block that some misfortune should happen and disappear from their lives.
“Amy… … .”
Amy ended up exploding.
“Those children! What makes you laugh so much?”
Amy rolled up her arms and walked to the students.
He hated Shirone’s friends, who were just watching the situation unfold.
At that moment, Ordos delivered the king’s order.
“Aryan Shirone, get down on your knees and obey my orders!”
Amy stopped walking, and Shirone sat on one knee and listened to the letter.
Ordos shouted at his throat as if it had been a whisper until now.
It really looked like it would break.
“Orkamp IV, King of Khazra, commands! All of Arian Shirone’s actions match what he heard in Kazra Kingdom, so there is a strong possibility that you are the first prince who took refuge in the kingdom’s crisis 18 years ago! So I invite you to the kingdom, so be ready to respond to the call and prove your qualifications as the first prince! more! Orkamp IV!”
Eruki and Nade screamed at the same time.
“What!”
Other students had a similar impact.
When envoys from other countries came to ask about Shirone’s past, they thought it was a simple scouting offer.
Although it is very rare, depending on the circumstances of each country, talents are hired from other countries.
But, Shirone is a royal family. It was also the first prince who could be said to be a direct descendant of the royal lineage.
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 262 - The Truth Revealed (7) 3.txt
===============================
[262] The Truth Revealed (7)
The students who had spoken ill of Shirone whispered with pale faces.
“How did this happen? Why the hell is Shirone?”
“I don’t know. Are you the first prince? Is that also from the Kazura Kingdom?”
“Ha, well, if you’re as talented as Shirone, you can’t be an ordinary commoner.”
Everyone became a dumb who ate honey at the words of someone who hit the point.
Come to think of it, it was the correct answer.
There is no guarantee that a genius cannot be born into a commoner’s family, but there is a large genetic component to talent. Most of the students also inherited genius from their parents.
They finally realized what they had been overlooking.
Just because Shirone grew up in a commoner’s family, there is no guarantee that her lineage is also a commoner.
No, if the birth parents were commoners, they would not have been able to sneak in deep in the mountains and leave the child behind.
“Hey, what about this? Kazura Kingdom is an ally of our kingdom, right? Is Shirone really going to become the king of Kazura? What if they do harm to us?”
“Bah, you idiot! You’re not even sure yet! There is no need to be afraid.”
“Not sure! Can’t you imagine the kingdom making such a massive public announcement without any investigation? What we’ve been told isn’t everything. After investigation after investigation, I became convinced, so Kazura sent an emissary as well.”
There was certainly a high probability of that.
It was a letter sent directly from the king, not from another place. If, of course, Shirone is not a son, it is a national disgrace.
Nevertheless, the fact that it was publicly announced was evidence that the leadership was already more than 99% sure.
“I don’t know! damn! Everything is ruined!”
Nade was happy to see his friends in tears.
Of course, just because Shirone becomes king, he is not the type to harm them.
No, if he really became a king, he wouldn’t care unless he was a person with a narrower heart than millet.
However, it was also the human heart that the victim could not be relieved.
Even a first-class aristocrat lives off the rust of the country.
There are transnational families in the world, but most of them are only the king’s subjects.
It was true that the back of the head was itching for the students and their hearts were heavy as Shirone was placed in a situation where he would become a member of the royal family.
“Answer me quickly, Shirone! It is the king’s command!”
When Shirone did not give a definite answer, Ordos shouted again.
But Shirone really didn’t know what decision to make.
I just had a confrontation with Dante.
It was knighted by Killin’s pen and spread throughout the kingdom.
The situation that Shirone had imagined ended there.
No way, he had no idea that his real parents would come across the article and find him.
Furthermore, if the real parents were royalty, not nobles, it was rather strange that their heads were not paralyzed.
Shirone looked around for someone who could explain the current situation.
Most of the students looked bewildered, and neither Nade nor Eruki had anything to offer.
What would a friend say if biological parents were looking for a child? It was a matter of blood, and moreover, it was a matter involving the royal family.
Alpheas turned to Olivia.
I thought Killline’s knight would come with an aftermath, but it was much bigger than I expected.
“It’s the Kazura Kingdom. It’s the best big fish out of the candidates so far.”
“That’s how reliable it is. Even when I saw it, Shirone’s talent is extraordinary. Maybe after reading the article, I thought that I might really be able to find my real parents, but I didn’t think they were royalty… … .”
He didn’t tell Shirone, but after the knights of Killline went out, several families secretly requested Shirone’s identity.
Due to the nature of aristocrats who frequently engage in arranged marriages, there are surprisingly many illegitimate children.
Most of them don’t even care about abandoned children, but it’s a different story when it comes to the best talent in the kingdom.
It was the arrogance of an aristocrat to be sure that even if there were a few things that didn’t match, it would be his child.
“Aww! Unbelievable! Shirone was a prince! This is exactly the story I was imagining! Amy, can you see I’m creepy? Look at this!”
Seriel had already left for another world.
Shirone is a prince.
Isn’t this a romance that cannot be replaced by books?
“what? If so… … .”
Seriel suddenly realized and turned to Amy with a surprised expression.
“Amy! Are you going to be queen?”
“shut up! What are you talking about?”
Amy kept her mouth shut with a terrified face.
Seriel’s chatter was almost at the level of noise in the already complicated situation.
Anyway, it doesn’t matter whether Shirone is a member of the royal family or not. All she could do was worry about Shirone, who was confused by the circumstances of meeting her real parents.
Shirone met Amy’s eyes.
Seeing Shirone with a teary expression on her face, Amy gave a pitiful look.
It’s the king’s order, so it has no choice but to follow.
Shirone should have known that too. He just wants to be sure that his choice is right.
Amy nodded.
Shirone stared at Amy as if asking again, and after seeing Amy’s smile, she turned her head to Ordos.
“Yes, I will accept the king’s call.”
Ordos approached Shirone as if he should.
“The laws of the royal family are different from those of the nobles. Kazura Kingdom’s laws are especially strict, so you’ll have to be careful with your behavior. Take a leave of absence from school and bring your parents who raised you.”
“yes? Right now?”
“What can I say? It is the king’s name! You better leave as soon as possible!”
Shirone’s eyes darkened.
Not only had he never heard of the laws of the Kingdom of Kazura, but it was equally frustrating to suddenly have to take a leave of absence from school and return home.
Above all, I was not told what procedures awaited me upon entering the kingdom.
They won’t tell you if you ask, but shouldn’t you still make mistakes if you know the basics?
“excuse me… … If you give me a little time… … !”
“Ugh! yes man! Are you disobeying the king’s order!”
Shirone kept his mouth shut.
What was most disappointing was Ordos’ attitude.
As the kingdom’s administrative officer, the high-handed part can be tolerated.
What really broke Shirone’s heart was the king’s name written on the scroll.
If you are a biological parent… … I thought that I shouldn’t call a child neglected for 18 years in this way.
I don’t even want to say I’m sorry, but at least if I feel remorse, shouldn’t I make accommodations?
Even for the sake of their parents who raised themselves on their behalf.
Alpheas stabbed Olivia in the side.
“You will help me this time too. I can’t do anything with that.”
“hmm… … .”
Olivia was also thinking of stepping out if necessary.
The reason Kazura Kingdom is stricter than Tormia is that it has only been 100 years since independence.
Even so, Ordos’ attitude was too harsh for someone who came to pick up his own child.
Perhaps it was not an order from the royal family.
It was expected that he would have been ordered to accommodate Shirone as much as possible, so it was only possible to see that Ordos’s personality was originally like that.
His strict personality would be helpful at work, but to treat Shirone, who might soon become a prince, was upright in a good way and arrogant in a bad way.
“Then give me at least one day. Your parents don’t know anything. It takes at least a day to convince.”
Ordos’ face turned red.
Of course, he was a famous official with a bad temper, but he was not so stubborn in his own country.
However, this place was Tormia, a rival country called an ally, and it was a magic school watched by nobles.
If the spirit is suppressed, the reputation of the Kazura Kingdom will fall.
Unfortunately for Shirone, Ordos was only doing his best for his country.
Besides, Shirone’s parents are commoners.
If it took a while to take a commoner, as if he were an aristocrat, his pride would be hurt as well.
“It is forbidden. The king’s command is absolute! So right now… … !”
At that moment, someone’s voice was heard from the front door.
“We have already secured the identity of Shirone’s parents.”
As the crowd parted as the students turned around, Shirone’s eyes widened.
An unexpected person was walking by.
The students fell in love with her beautiful figure before even wondering about her identity.
A small face with a slender body. Her features were cool and clear, and her hair as blue as the sea flowed down the perm.
“Wow, it’s pretty. Who is it?”
“uh? i know that person He’s a very famous musician in the kingdom.”
Shirone stared blankly at her.
It was Rian’s older sister, Ogent Raina.
Next to him, the sub-butler Temuran stood with a fierce gaze.
Reina made eye contact with Shirone, but ignored her and walked straight to Ordos.
“Hello, Mr. Ordos. Fame is familiar.”
Ordos didn’t like it when there was a setback at work.
However, Reina’s appearance as well as her demeanor had a distinctive aristocratic smell, so she couldn’t raise her voice.
“Who are you?”
“My name is Reina of the Ogent family. I came as the agent of the head of the family, August Bischoff, and as the legal representative of Shirone.”
As for the Ogent family, they were a reputable military family, so Ordos knew the name at least because he had heard it.
Moreover, if he was the head of the household, he couldn’t show the same cold-hearted attitude as before.
“Okay. Then, let’s discuss the process of handing over Shirone. first of all… … .”
“first of all.”
Reina intercepted her words.
“We ask for a three-day preparation period. Shirone is an invited guest of the kingdom and has not yet learned anything about Khazra’s laws. Louis, the butler of the Ogent family, departed for Kazura yesterday. There will be no wasted time discussing the entry process. In the meantime, we will teach Shirone the manners of Kazura. Also, from now on, all work related to Shirone should be done through the dedicated team of the Ogent family.”
“Hmm.”
Ordos was lost in thought.
He tried to use personal measures to quickly secure Shirone’s safety, but since an agent appeared, the means of suppressing him with authority were useless. From now on, we turn to foreign affairs.
Anyway, since the Ogent family said they would prepare, it was right for him to go back and discuss the administrative part with a man named Louis.
“Okay. So let’s leave this job to you. If anything happens, I’ll make arrangements here with my sergeant, Daltos. I will go back to Khazra and deliver your words.”
“Okay, then I’ll see you at the castle.”
After the customary greeting, Ordos climbed into the carriage.
Just like when they came, the knights turned around in a grandiose motion and escorted the wagon away.
Shirone was dumbfounded at the situation that passed by in an instant. Then, when he saw Raina, tears welled up in her sorrow.
Reina’s appearance came as a relief to him, who was completely unconscious from Ordos’ threats.
“Sister Reina… … .”
Shirone called, but Reina was still discussing with Temuran with a serious face.
As she pointed to the papers and gave instructions, Temuran nodded and backed off.
Reina then turned around and approached Shirone.
As the distance got closer, the businesslike expression faded and the original beautiful smile came back.
After winking at Shirone, Reina spoke in her characteristic cheerful voice.
“It’s been a while, Shirone. how have you been doing?”
Ogent Family Circumstances (1)
Four days before Ordos came to visit Shirone, Reina visited the Kaizen swordsmanship school that Rian attended.
He was holding a crumpled midterm exam report card in his hand and his face was full of anger.
After going through the interview procedures, Reina went straight to the principal’s office and finally found him.
It was Kuan, Lian’s exclusive teacher.
Before she was wounded, she had made a name for herself on the battlefield, but it didn’t matter to her now.
Does it make sense that Lian is last?
After playing to the fullest on Galliant Island, they said that they had made great progress in their swordsmanship, so they were looking forward to it, but the school’s evaluation was undoubtedly a failure.
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 263 - Circumstances of the Ogent Family (2) 1.txt
===============================
[263] Circumstances of the Ogent family (2)
Kuan was in the middle of a conversation with a female teacher. The female teacher was also a person Reina knew through her rumors.
It was Kiyora Ellis, a surgeon known in the kingdom.
Ellis’ specialty was neurosynthesis, a field known to be impossible without genius talent among surgical operations.
However, Reina, who began to distrust Kaizen Swordsmanship Academy, wondered if that was hype.
If nerve junctions are really possible, why is Quan standing in front of you limping on one leg?
When Quan said something with a cold expression, Elise covered her mouth and laughed.
“Knock-knock! So you’re saying you just ate and came? After all, you are you too.”
“shut up. If you do this one more time, I will kill you.”
Elise patted Quan on the back.
“Ah, it’s not something to be so angry about. My childhood friend is getting old with virginity, and of course this older sister has to step in. Besides, Oli Persiena would never fall for her bride.”
Kuan remembered what happened a few days ago.
He said he had an important appointment, so he went out and was seated by Alice.
The opponent was Olifer Siena, a wizard currently attending Alpheas Magic School.
It seemed that she, too, was compelled by her family to not be able to continue from the beginning.
Of course, it wasn’t a woman who rarely showed such feelings, but if she liked a man, wouldn’t it be normal for her eyes to change?
“He must be a good man. There are also cultures.”
“Hoo?”
Alice was genuinely surprised.
Up until now, Quan had never praised a woman. As a child, she was obsessed with swords, and after she injured her Achilles tendon, she stopped caring about anything in the world.
If the word came out of his mouth that he was a good person, it would be the highest praise.
“Are you saying you liked it? Then I tangentially again… … !”
As the life in Quan’s eyes flashed, Elise shrugged her shoulders with a frightened expression.
At this time, the Kuan should never be touched.
On the one hand, Alice felt sorry for her friend.
If he liked Siena, he should have caught him on the spot. However, due to Kuan’s personality, he would never do such a thing.
‘no way… … Did he get a blemish over his leg?’
The Olifer family would have basic culture, but it was something they didn’t know.
From what I’ve heard, it was obvious that they were forced to push, and most of all, it was the case that they couldn’t control their emotions when it came to things between a man and a woman.
‘How is it that my legs are lame? Anyway, I don’t have eyes for men.’
Quan’s injuries could not be healed even with Elise’s nerve junctions. It’s not because the ligament is broken, it’s because the whole thing came off.
When Kuan returned from the battlefield after losing her leg, she cried for days and days feeling helpless and unable to do anything.
He was a talented person who was evaluated as the incarnation of the sword before earning the nickname of a magician of death. How heartbroken he must have been when such a man lost his leg.
A year later, Ellis offered Quan a teaching position at a swordsmanship academy. And he decided No matter how long it takes, I will definitely fix his leg.
That’s why he hated the woman named Siena to the point of death.
I couldn’t imagine because I couldn’t see his face, but like an authority on freezing magic, the cold wind must have blown.
What the hell are you doing kicking Kuan?
The man’s eyes were completely stunned.
“Quan, could that woman… … !”
Reina interrupted Ellis and approached.
“Mr. Kuan!”
Kuan looked Reina up and down and asked nonchalantly.
“Who are you?”
“I’m Ryan’s older sister, Raina! I had an appointment for an interview today.”
Quan sipped his coffee and nodded.
“Ah, I guess so.”
Rayna was not embarrassed.
Parents asked for an interview, and it seems that it was.
Because he is such an insincere teacher, he fails to see Lian’s true character and gives him a failing grade.
Alice smiled brightly and asked for a seat.
“Oh, that’s right. Ryan is a very kind and righteous child. now! Come over here. Do you have coffee? Or even another car?”
As Elise treated her kindly, Reina tried to calm her excitement.
If Kuan hadn’t set fire to his cold heart.
“But what are you here for? I don’t think there’s anything wrong with Ryan. Still ignorant, doing strength training, still in last place, heck.”
As Reina’s eyes filled up with poison, Elise, who was quietly watching her, avoided her seat.
According to my experience so far, it was best to leave as soon as possible at times like this.
Reina held out her report card, thinking she was only going to endure it once.
“Now, look at this.”
“It’s Lian’s report card. A grade point average.”
“From what I’ve heard, Lian’s grades aren’t behind the other kids. But why fail? I would like to hear an explanation about this.”
Kuan said as if it was nothing.
“You can’t do schema.”
Rayna was not embarrassed.
“How can you fail the exam anyway? I know how to schema too! But if I fight Lian right now, I’ll lose! Is it okay to judge a student just for that?”
“If Reina-san had learned swordsmanship, she would have beaten Lian.”
Rayna was speechless.
In the end it is. If you are a swordsman, you must know how to schema if you want to command hundreds to tens of thousands of soldiers in the future.
“Well, how can you give me last place… … .”
Raina’s tears welled up in frustration.
He is the youngest brother who lost his mother early when he was young and raised him with his own hands.
While the other brothers were on the rise, Lian was in last place.
My heart broke when I thought of how frustrated my younger brother must be.
To a man, women’s tears are said to be a weakness, but that was not the case for Quan.
“I have no talent. Graduation is impossible at this rate. Even if he graduated, who would hire a prosecutor who can’t schema? It’s probably the only thing that nerds do as bodyguards. Lately, I think they’re trying something strange called an imagination schema, but from what I’ve seen, it’s in vain. I have no sense of the sword at all.”
Reina slammed the table with both hands and argued.
“I looked it up too, Imagination Schema! It’s not scientifically proven, but it’s definitely possible. When I read it in the book, it was called divine transcendence… … .”
“Ah, divine transcendence.”
Quan interrupted Reina.
Even the polite demeanor disappeared, and Asrai lived in his eyes.
divine transcendence.
transcend the body? How absurd is this?
“Can you see my legs now? Cut one side? Achilles tendon fell off. So I will. The body is like a machine. It cannot function without parts. If divine transcendence is possible, I won’t limp either. Imaginary schemas are nothing but brain-enhancing ones of schema schemas. It’s not like magic.”
Rayna didn’t want to say anything more. He couldn’t have her brother teach at a school like this.
“I will go through the transfer procedure. I’ll take Lian with me. Please deal with it now.”
“What do you think will be different if you go to another school?”
“I don’t think that’s anything to worry about Mr. Quan anymore. Whether he boils or roasts his brother, our family will take care of it.”
Raina spat out the words as if proclaiming and turned around.
The teachers who were watching the situation shook their heads. It was already the seventh case that the parents who quarreled with Kuan transferred the school.
Kuan spat out behind Reina, who was moving away.
“I think we need to keep an eye on it a little longer.”
Reina’s steps stopped abruptly.
Looking back with a surprised expression, Kuan frowned and added a word.
“If you give in as much as possible, that is.”
Teachers were bewildered.
Quan, who was known for having a bad temper, never caught a student leaving.
Rayna walked back to Quan and asked with a feeling of grabbing at least a straw.
“therefore… … Does that mean there are still possibilities?”
Quan scratched his head in annoyance.
“Hey, Miss Raina. I know you are a great musician. But swordsmanship is not an art. It is a thoroughly function-oriented killing technique. The philosophy of swordsmanship is a privilege that only those who have reached the highest level can enjoy. Rihanna is definitely not talented. But if it’s the imaginary schema, maybe it’s possible.”
“That’s what I mean! So you said you can do it! Why did you lie?”
Quan let out a sigh.
“The imagination schema is the realm of the will. It cannot be verified, but a swordsman who has lived on the battlefield for a long time will experience it at least once. I think I have too. But that’s why no one can force it. All Ryan needs to do is jump more and swing more.”
“So you gave me last place on purpose? To make them wield more?”
“Simply put, something like that.”
Reina shook her head.
“Do you think that makes sense? So what about grades? Even after graduating, how can a student in last place become a commander?”
Kuan held Lian’s report card on the table.
Next to the rank of last place, the grades recorded in the tests so far were listed.
“What is the problem? Lian’s strength is 1.8 times stronger than students who are currently using the schema. In particular, the strength of the right arm, which is mainly used, is 3.7 times greater. This is a really unusual case, and the school is watching it. I think I woke up for some reason during vacation… … .”
Reina recalled Lian’s bragging after returning from Galliant Island.
If Kuan had gone this far, it seemed that his brother’s story was not all nonsense.
“That’s all it takes for the prosecutor. Grades do not guarantee a prosecutor’s life. On the battlefield, the enemy does not save the first place and kill the last place.”
Reina slowly lowered her tail.
“Ha, but if Lian gets frustrated after that… … .”
Kuan looked at Reina pathetically.
Well, how could a person who handles a musical instrument all day know the feelings of a person who handles a sword?
“Reina-san, if you were a person who would be frustrated with grades like this, it would have been impossible to imagine in the first place, and you can’t even train enough to achieve this level of strength. The record here is the product of sheer hard work. I don’t know how much you know his brother, but now this bastard is experimenting on a daily basis that transcends human limits. He’s dissecting his own body as if it were someone else’s. You can’t even imagine how painful that is. Do you think this ranking will catch the eye of a guy whose every day is hell?”
Reina blinked.
I didn’t know because I never expressed it. Why did Lian, who always felt young, endure such painful training?
Kuan passed the report card to Reina.
“ah… … .”
When Rayna accepted, Quan turned around and said.
“Take it or not, do as you like. However, it would be better not to add vain thoughts such as divine transcendence. That’s the only way that son of a sword can make a living. Keep your mouth shut until no one can bear the pain for you.”
Reina looked down at her report card.
last place.
But next to it, the number recorded by Lian is written.
I saw Lian striking the sword so that the muscle was torn to raise the 0.1 point.
Reina grabbed the report card with both hands and bowed her head to Quan.
“Please give Lian a lot of guidance in the future.”
Kuan only narrowed his brows without answering.
@
After leaving the teachers’ room, Reina felt relieved for the first time in a while.
Until now, thinking only of my younger brother, my heart was dull, but I was fortunate to see hope through this interview.
‘Yes, since a man has decided to do something, he should go all the way up. If it’s divine transcendence, you can look up to the great swordsman, right?’
While her heart fluttered, she did not forget Quan’s advice.
Don’t ever show it to Ryan.
Even the word “Cheer up” could break the will of a person who trains hard every day.
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 264 - Circumstances of the Ogent Family (3) 1.txt
===============================
[264] Circumstances of the Ogent family (3)
Since I came to school, I wanted to buy some food for the first time in a long time.
Recently, I’ve been hanging out with a lady named Tess, and I liked one of them. Although we only met her once, she was also a good child with a friendly personality and able to accept Rian’s stubbornness.
When I arrived at the training ground, I saw Lian practicing swordsmanship.
I heard that they train like this during lunchtime because Tess brings a packed lunch.
He was beating the dummy with his club, and even from a distance, he felt a strong energy.
Sitting on the grass and drinking water, Tess’ gaze was fixed on the club that Lian was explosively wielding at some point.
After I went to heaven, I increased the intensity of my training, and now I was spending more time running than resting.
Tess picked up the Spirit magazine that Ryan had thrown.
It contained the knight of Shirone who defeated Dante, the greatest star in the kingdom.
No matter how many times I read it, the part where Shirone came out was faded because the paper was worn out.
There was also an article about Shirone’s parents on the next page, but I glanced at it and didn’t look back after that.
‘Lian… … It must be painful.’
Tess knows how Lian trains.
Lian is Shirone’s sword, and I could feel how great his determination was when I saw him returning from heaven.
To him, Shirone’s success would be an irreplaceable joy, but his disappointment in himself would have doubled.
Just looking at the fact that the training volume increased 1.5 times from the day after reading the article, it was like that.
If it was 1.5 times, it could be said that it was a little too much for the swordsman, but Lian’s case was an exception.
Even so, a 1.5-fold increase was a murderous routine for him, who tests his limits every day.
But Ryan did it.
It was a bizarre phenomenon unique to Lian that could not be explained by any talent.
Tess looked at the trajectory of Lian’s sword and stuck out her tongue.
It was as if he had put his soul into a single sword.
‘Really strong. Honestly, even if I deal with the schema, I wonder if I will be able to receive it.’
On the other hand, Ryan thought differently.
‘no. I can’t take it down like this.’
Lian wasn’t looking at the dummy.
I was watching the vision of Ymir floating behind the pile.
Although he was small for a giant, his strength was embedded deep in his bones.
“Aaaaaaa!”
Lian slapped the club frantically.
It was a specially made club, and it weighed the same as the greatsword inherited from his grandfather. Still, it was like swinging a cane.
‘no! no! no!’
When I first started training for dummy hitting, it was so painful that I wanted to die every time I swung it.
But after going through that process, I was now thirsty.
Why isn’t it moving faster? What did she do when she cut off Ymir’s arm?
At that moment, the illusion that all of his attacks were destroyed by Ymir’s blow came flooding in.
A huge fist flew into the face.
Ymir shouted.
‘That’s not it!’
“Aaaaaaa!”
Lian slammed the club straight down.
The dummy that hit the top of the head was crushed from the pillar first, and then exploded into fragments.
“wow… … .”
Tess widened her eyes.
It wasn’t the first time he’d broken a pile, but this blow was subtly different from the others.
Realizing that fact, Lian also paused for a while in the position where he swung his sword, recalling the feelings from a while ago.
All senses must be absorbed.
A talented swordsman might have an insight that he would know without trying it, but the only way he proceeded was to learn it through his body.
“Rian! Sister is here!”
Lian’s face twisted at Reina’s voice.
It’s fortunate that he roughly came to his senses, but if he had called himself a little faster, everything would have been in vain.
“what? What happened to school all of a sudden?”
Before Rayna could answer, Tess hurried over.
Scoring points for the future sister-in-law in advance was written at the beginning of a love white paper I read recently.
“hello.”
“Yes, it’s been a while, Tess.”
Ryan asked again.
“What’s going on?”
“Uh, that… … .”
Reina was speechless.
I heard Kuan’s advice, so if I said I came because of my grades, it would backfire.
However, there was no particular excuse, so I was wasting time, but suddenly a security guard shouted outside the training ground.
“entire! attention!”
Lian, Tess, and Raina turned their gaze toward the entrance of the training ground.
Rian’s grandfather, Ogent Klump, was walking along with the teachers of the swordsmanship school like a tail.
A certified third-class prosecutor came to the school, so it was only natural that they, both teachers and prosecutors, were stumped.
However, Rian and Raina were anxious in a different way.
Even though he was close to retirement, Klumph was still a powerful influence in the military.
It was said that if such a person suddenly came to school, it was not an ordinary case.
Ryan and Tess immediately took a stand at attention.
Even if it’s a family, if you’re a student at a swordsmanship school, you’re at the end of the army’s omnipresence.
If he didn’t show respect to the commander, Clump, he could actually be punished by military law.
“rest.”
When Klump gave instructions, Lian and Tess obeyed the order with their stiff shoulders slightly lowered.
Klump looked back at the scene at the training ground. It was lunchtime, so it was only Lian and Tess.
“Are you training during lunch? That’s a very good attitude.”
“thank you.”
Tess straightened up again and said.
This is the second time I’ve met Klump. She had said hello to Rayna before when she was invited to her house for dinner.
I remembered that he made me feel comfortable because he had a pleasant personality like a soldier in Ganggol, but I couldn’t act rashly at this place.
The teachers standing in the back watched with bated breath how things were going.
Klump carefully checked Lian’s balance.
I know that I was in last place in the midterm exam. She just laughed when Rayna made a fuss about going to school and arguing.
It’s important how high you climb, but I think Lian’s will to never give up is the biggest weapon.
However, when I actually checked it out, it was different from what I expected.
Clump took the club that Lian was holding and swung it around.
Hmmm, thinking, he reached out his hand this time and massaged Lian’s shoulder and arm.
At one point, his hands stopped and his eyes lit up.
“It weighs the same as the straight sword of the Ogent family. Are you swinging until the pile breaks?”
“That’s right.”
Clump smiled and returned the club.
“It’s definitely an ignorant way like you.”
Ryan’s lower lip pouted softly.
If it wasn’t for school, it would have clearly shown what the youngest grandson’s fear was, but here, class was a gangster.
“what… … Do it yourself. Because it is your life.”
“Yes, I intend to do so.”
When Lian answered harshly without crossing the line, Klump shook his shoulders and laughed.
For some reason, I felt very good.
He looked back at the teachers and nodded as if he had taught them well, and the teachers sighed in relief.
Reina could now guess what her grandfather felt for Lian.
With that thought in mind, I secretly looked at Quan.
Embarrassed, she shook her head.
In any case, it was fortunate that Lian didn’t look so hateful in the eyes of the prosecutors.
Klump turned his attention to Lian and went to Raina.
“Here you are. I found it in the royal castle, but I heard that I went here and came right away.”
“yes? Are you here because of me? What’s going on?”
Klump glanced at Lian and suggested that he leave.
The reason he came here is because a spy arrived from Kazura Kingdom about Shirone’s work a few days ago.
Since Rian made a knight oath with Shirone, of course he should inform him, but Clump wanted to stop it.
It’s not a bloody opponent. Rather than the hot-tempered Rian, the calm Reina was perfect for this job.
Clump took Rayna and went into the shade of a tree.
When Lian was bullied, he put on a sullen expression, but soon he stopped caring.
My grandfather and sister were both busy people in the royal castle, so I just thought about what was going on.
After hearing about Shirone’s situation from Clump, Reina widened her eyes.
“yes? The first prince of Kazura Kingdom?”
“I’m not sure yet, but it probably is. It seemed that he was almost certain of it. Things such as the circumstances, time, and place of Shirone’s escape are all consistent. Also, Shirone is the only case where a child was abandoned near the Valley of Dawn.”
Rayna was silent for a long time as she was organizing her thoughts.
However, it is not a matter of complex priorities. If that decision had already been made, it was important to deal with it in the future.
“So that’s what I mean… … I need you to go to my hometown. Take Shirone and go to Kazura Kingdom. I guess there is only you.”
Reina thought she was the perfect fit.
He was the only artist in the prosecutor’s family, Ogent, who had a wide range of social activities, and his personal connections were solid as he entered the 99 elite artists’ association.
However, she also fell in love with Lian. She hides the fact and she proceeds, and when she finds out later, she will be very disappointed.
“Shouldn’t I tell Ryan?”
“no. As you might have guessed, the atmosphere is not unusual. A small mistake can ruin everything. But as you know, that guy is a bit reckless.”
“I do.”
Since it was a place to go to a foreign country and meet the king, reason was more important than emotion.
In that respect, Lian was the number one risk factor.
If it’s something related to Shirone, even a god, not even a king, won’t be able to see it.
“all right. I will keep it a secret from Rian.”
“The date and route of the interview have been passed on as intelligence. You must not speak out until you reach Creas. It’s something even Shirone shouldn’t know about.”
Intelligence always comes and goes between countries. However, very few people had the authority to confirm the reality of the spy.
The reason behind the conspiracy theory is because of the covertness of shadow diplomacy.
In a sense, it is the same as playing house, but if the house play is on a national scale, the story is different.
Confidentiality had to be maintained as even the trivial matter of determining the envoy’s accommodation could trigger a war.
“The place is Alpheas Magic School. 50 armed soldiers will accompany them, and Ordos, Kazura’s executive officer, will contact Shirone as an envoy. Our side also sent a reply, but from now on, it’s a fight. He’ll probably try to take Shirone before we arrive. You have to move as quickly as possible. You can buy me some time.”
Reina nodded, feeling a heavy sense of duty.
“Yes, got it. Then I’ll get ready and leave right away.”
Khazra Kingdom (1)
The three-day preparation period requested by Ordos is over.
Shirone took a carriage ride with Reina and took a test of court etiquette as they headed to school.
“What is the first thing you do during audience time?”
“Get down on your knees, gaze 45 degrees down and place your hands on your chest. I give my official name and say that I am being called by Your Highness.”
“What is the standard for the morning time officially designated by the royal castle?”
“Half an hour before the lunchtime bell rings.”
Reina nodded in satisfaction.
“Okay, very good. How great?”
“lol! It was easy because there are many similarities to the Kingdom of Tormia.”
Tormia and Kazra Kingdoms had a difference in time, but they were independent brothers from the Yakma Republic, so their culture and lifestyle were not very different.
Of course, it was true that Shirone, who was not a noble, had a lot to memorize.
But Rayna wasn’t worried.
Since I was a smart kid, I believed that I would do it, and in fact, I digested all manners with my head in 3 days.
However, Shirone, the person involved, still seemed uneasy.
“What if I make a mistake? So, 30 minutes before lunchtime is very ambiguous.”
Reina said while stroking Shirone’s head.
“Huh, don’t be nervous. That’s what a lot of aristocrats are wrong about. Of course, it would be better to keep it as much as possible, but I don’t go to jail for mistaking the time.”
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 265 - Kingdom of Khazra (2) 2.txt
===============================
[265] Kazura Kingdom (2)
Even after arriving at school, Shirone and Reina walked to the dorm while talking.
Shirone’s face turned red at Reina’s joke. Then Reina laughed because she was cute again.
The male students looked at Shirone with envious eyes.
Reina has a beautiful appearance, but she is a famous pianist who can be said to be the idol of nobles.
Since such a person was walking arm in arm with Shirone, Shirone’s status seemed high.
Amy and Seriel stopped in their tracks when they saw the two of them walking side by side to the dorm.
They were also on their way to the inn to meet Shirone, but when they saw the two friendly people, they couldn’t bear to say hello.
Amy knows that Raina is Lian’s older sister. However, the atmosphere was different from three days ago.
At first, they were face-to-face, but now they couldn’t get close enough to walk skin-to-skin.
Seriel made a fuss and patted Amy on the shoulder.
“Oh my, my! Amy, can you see that? Are the two of you really not related?”
“How do I know that? Since she’s Rian’s older sister, they must be close. Wouldn’t she have lived with her when she was a butler before?”
“No, it wasn’t like that. I found out, during the 1 year and 6 months that Shirone was the rank butler of the Ogent family, Reina was apprenticed to a famous pianist and was in class. There was no time to be intimate with each other. But getting closer in such a short amount of time… … no way?”
Amy pushed Seriel on the back.
“Ah, okay. Go ahead.”
Seeing that they went through background investigations, it seemed that they were quite curious about the relationship between the two.
Amy wasn’t feeling well either. But now, since Shirone’s work was important, he suppressed her emotions and followed her.
The men’s dormitory is not open to women, but the day Shirone left was an exception. The event that the first prince of Kazra Kingdom could be born had a ripple effect enough to nullify the school rules.
The Ogent family carriage was waiting in front of the dormitory.
The teachers who were talking at the entrance nodded lightly when Amy and Seriel greeted them and continued their conversation.
Before reaching Shirone’s room, Reina’s laughter was heard from inside. Amy felt her heart throb, but she struggled to look away and moved on.
Upon arriving at the room, Eruki and Nade were giggling, while Shirone and Reina were dancing and hugging each other.
It seemed that he was teaching them how to dance in preparation for a ball to be held at the royal castle. If she thinks that’s all she is, then Amy sees her blushing Shirone, and she strangely twists her insides.
Shirone’s dance moves were awkward.
Of course, it doesn’t make sense that the kingdom’s greatest aspiring wizard doesn’t have motor nerves. It was clear that his body stiffened at Reina’s friendly gaze.
“uh? Eh, Amy.”
Shirone saw Amy enter and hurriedly escaped from Reina’s arms.
Amy went into the room unbeknownst to her. She even saw the idiot combination of Nade and Eruki gulping her down, but she neatly ignored it.
Reina smiled and raised her hand.
“Oh, Amy, you’re here. hi?”
Amy bowed in a formal but polite way.
“hello. Is today the departure day?”
“huh. I was practicing with Shirone for the last time. Surprisingly, I am not good at dancing.”
Shirone waved her hand as if it were unfair.
“no. It’s so tense… … !”
Reina covered her mouth and laughed.
“Ho-ho-ho! nervous? Could it be that you practiced with me?”
As Shirone was speechless and hesitant, Amy’s medicine spiked.
Even if it’s a fake relationship, it’s definitely a lover relationship. Since he said that to Reina as well, it was normal for her to notice even formally.
Even so, Shirone clung to Reina and did not know that she would fall off.
It seems that the two of them have a special bond, but I didn’t know what it was, and I didn’t want to know.
Amy stopped thinking and asked Shirone.
“Are you all ready?”
“huh. But I’m worried. I think you will make a mistake.”
“What is there to worry about? Minor mistakes will be overlooked with a smile.”
For a brief moment, Amy caught the tension passing by Shirone’s eyes.
I thought his head was stiff because he was distracted by Reina, but he seemed to be feeling it to some extent.
On the surface, it’s the real parents looking for their children, but if you think deeply, there are definitely a lot of strange corners.
Reina patted Shirone on the shoulder to reassure him.
“It will be fine. As long as the Kazura Kingdom announced it, there wouldn’t be any danger. Compared to Tormia, Kazura isn’t particularly strong, and our family doesn’t sit idle.”
Just talking about it made me feel uneasy.
Reina has a clear sense of reason, is well versed in the kingdom’s situation, and is well aware of the dynamics between the royal family and the nobility.
If she took responsibility and led them, nothing particularly strange would happen.
“yes. I will only trust you.”
When Shirone replied with a smile, Reina also patted Shirone’s hair with a happy face.
Then, as if thinking about it, I looked back at Amy. As expected, she didn’t like her complexion.
‘I’m a little sorry.’
During the three-day preparation period, Reina meticulously checked the people around Shirone.
Overall, I had a good friendship with my friends, and Eruki and Nade in particular would become good companions in Shirone’s life from now on.
The problem was the relationship between Shirone and Amy.
Mouth says they’re lovers, but listening to the conversation, it’s absolutely not the case.
Between lovers, a unique intimacy is bound to emerge. However, Shirone and Amy did not have that unique feeling.
Even so, she has been pretending to be a fake lover for a year.
Unless you are capable of walking on a tightrope of emotion, you usually have to appear in one of two situations, either torn or stuck.
Rayna had seen countless cases where time passed in this way and they remained common friends.
In the end, from her point of view, the two had nothing to do with each other.
Of course, it was clear that there was room for it to burn hot at any time, but given the personalities of the two, the probability of that was extremely low.
My mouth was itchy from the frustration, but when I thought that they were really coming true, I was so angry that I ran away from wanting to help.
Reina realized that this was also a form of jealousy, but she created a suspension of thought by saying that if there were no competitors, there was no point in worrying about it.
‘Whoa, come to think of it, I’m not in a position to talk to anyone either.’
Reina checked the time and said to Shirone.
“Then let’s go. We have to leave quickly to bring our parents.”
Amy intervened.
“Wait. Please let me talk to Shirone.”
“huh? go down and do it It takes time to maintain the wagon anyway.”
I know the situation is not easy. However, Amy had an answer she absolutely needed to hear from Shirone.
“It will take a while.”
Amy was reluctant and asked for a short time. Reina blinked her eyes and said she couldn’t.
“Then I’ll go down first and get ready. Shirone, come down after the talk.”
When Reina left, Nade and Eruki politely bowed.
I don’t know what kind of foxy thing he did, but it seemed that the three foolish musketeers were completely in love with her.
Amy responded with a snort and drove everyone except Shirone out.
Shirone, who had packed clothes in her backpack, turned around with one backpack strap over her shoulder.
“I’ll be back, Amy. I am preparing well for the exam.”
Amy sighed and got to the point.
“It must be something. You know.”
Shirone smiled bitterly.
“It is, but… … I don’t want to think. I also get the feeling that if they are really my biological parents, I shouldn’t be thinking that way.”
I could understand Shirone’s feelings. Everyone focuses on the first prince of Kazura Kingdom, but for him, it was a journey to meet his bloodline.
Even real parents were a problem. they abandoned their children He carved an incurable wound into Shirone’s chest.
“Are you really going to be okay?”
“I don’t know. nothing now. You’ll know when you go, what I’ll think. But I don’t want to make any judgments yet.”
Sadness and anxiety appeared on Shirone’s face at the same time. Amy, who had been watching her, summoned her courage to speak out for her.
“Shall I go with you?”
“huh? What are you talking about?”
“If I go with you, it will be much more helpful. After all, there are no classes anymore.”
Shirone was heartbroken, but shook his head. She couldn’t deprive Amy of her most important period of her life with her own greed.
“are you okay. Because I have Reina noona.”
Shirone felt a chill in Amy’s eyes and was startled. Fortunately, that feeling quickly went away, but there was a thorn in her words for some reason.
“OK got it. Let’s go now. That Reina noona will wait for you.”
Amy left the room without looking back. Shirone was still bewildered, but her own situation was disturbing and she did not have time to look deeply into her heart.
Outside the dormitory, Reina was holding a file folder and checking the carriage’s luggage one by one.
Syrone said goodbye as she was greeted by her friends. It was a schedule of about 10 days at the longest, but for some reason it felt like the last time.
said Nade.
“Way to go. When you become king, you must buy extra-large cream bread from the canteen.”
“haha! okay. But when I come back, it will be vacation.”
Reina happily looked at Shirone talking with her friends.
Like Ryan, Shirone has changed a lot in a year.
Above all, the case of defeating Dante, who was the best in the kingdom, was a great source of pride for the Ogent family.
Ryan’s eyes weren’t wrong.
And your own eyes too.
As Reina gazed at Shirone with affectionate feelings, Seriel became the embodiment of anger and clenched her fists.
“Shirone, I am really disappointed. In this case, you have to draw a line so that the man breaks.”
Seriel, who turned to Amy as if seeking consent, was startled.
Amy, who had ignored it until now, raised her ax eye and glared at Reina.
“Seriel, I’ll be back.”
Seriel’s face turned pale. Of course, that kind of talk came and went, but I didn’t really know how to make a decision.
“Amy, are you sure?”
Seriel’s eyes quickly turned to worry.
In the next fortnight, the graduation exam will be held. It was a situation where there was no time to worry about anything else.
“are you okay. Classes are over anyway, so I’m going to go on an overseas trip to change my mood.”
Seriel knew better than anyone that it wasn’t true.
On the other hand, I was envious of Amy who could throw everything she had in this situation.
If you decide to go anyway, you will have to send it as hard as you can. not to look back. so that no regrets remain.
Seriel pushed Amy on the back and said.
“Go out. My sister will allow it.”
Amy added hastily.
“Yeah, but it’s not because I’m worried about Reina-san! I’m just worried about Shirone… … .”
“Ho-ho-ho! okay! Who says what? Go and flatten the bridge of my nose!”
Supported by Seriel, Amy walked to the carriage.
Then, Shirone, who was just getting ready to ride, turned around and said goodbye.
“Amy, fighting! You must pass I’ll do well too.”
“Can you get out of the way?”
“huh?”
Shirone did not understand. Then she said, waving her hand beside her as if Amy was annoyed.
“Vicky. Lady First, don’t you know?”
After pushing Shirone and getting on the carriage, Reina made an absurd expression. Either way, Amy stooped down on her back and entered.
“hello. I wish you well on the way.”
“Oh, where are you going?”
Reina, whose medicine had risen tightly, knew it, but pretended not to know it. She wouldn’t change anything anyway, but it was because she didn’t want to admit this situation with her own mouth.
“Yeah, it’s because I’m afraid I’ll be sent alone. It looks like I have to take care of it.”
Shirone opened the carriage door and pushed his face in.
“Amy! What happened? Are you really going?”
“So you got on. sit down quickly I mean, there is no time.”
Reina’s insides became hot like a furnace.
Karmis Amy.
From what I’ve watched for a few days, it was fun to tease her because she’s cautious in everything, but now she’s just as hot-tempered as Bonnie Lian.
I regretted that I had lit a useless torch, but the water had already been spilled.
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 266 - Kingdom of Khazra (3) 1.txt
===============================
[266] Kazura Kingdom (3)
“Are you really going? I’m really fine.”
Shirone hated that Amy was distracted by other things before the graduation exam.
No matter how much you are the number 1 graduate, you don’t know what will happen in the competition. If you fail, you are responsible for yourself.
Of course, Amy would never think of that, but from the standpoint of wanting her success, I wanted to rip her off.
“It is important to you. Reina-san will be busy taking care of royal procedures, so she needs someone to stick by her side and escort her. Why, don’t you like me going?”
If Amy were to accompany her, Shirone couldn’t be more reassuring than this.
It was like that when he went to Galliant Island, but he was an absolute ally in terms of ability.
“No, of course it’s me, but… … .”
“All right then. End with this. I owe you something, so I have to pay it back even at this time.”
Shirone couldn’t remember what Amy owed her, but a lot of things went through Amy’s mind.
It was Shirone who saved her from the cliff at the time of the Arcane attack, and when she was captured by Kariel in Heaven, if it wasn’t for him, she wouldn’t have returned safely.
As Amy stubbornly kept her seat, Reina let out a sigh of resignation and gave instructions to the coachman.
“Go away.”
Of course, excluding emotions, Amy’s joining was absolutely not a loss. She was much better off having a friend of hers by Shirone’s side to help. She just couldn’t help feeling like she was being pushed in from the start.
Reina leaned her chin toward the window and pursed her lips.
I could see Amy’s smile.
@
The carriage was heading to the Thorn Mine, located halfway up the Origin Mountains, where Shirone’s house was located. While on the way, Reina informed me of the general situation.
Tormia, Kazura, and Yakma were a unified nation. However, as the prestige of the aristocrats increased, a factional fight broke out, and finally they were separated, and now the Three Kingdoms Alliance system is formed.
“In a sense, it can be said that it is a new country. It hasn’t been 100 years since Kazura became independent. In particular, the Yakma Republic did not recognize the separation of Khazra until recently. The war never happened, but it almost did. That was 18 years ago. In short, Kazura’s internal affairs became unstable, so he took the first prince, Shirone, to another place.”
At the very least, the fact that he didn’t throw it away because he hated it made Shirone a little comforted. Since the rise and fall of the kingdom was at stake, there must have been some unavoidable parts.
Of course, that didn’t mean that the sadness went away. However, since everything was not certain yet, he was just trying to ignore the rising emotions.
“I heard about it too. They say it almost came to the brink of civil war. Yakma was also ready to go out. however… … .”
Amy stopped talking. She did not dare to speak in front of Shirone.
It was the same for Reina, but as the person in charge of leading, it was something that could not be avoided.
“Yes, all civil wars ended when King Orkamp IV of Khazra married Queen Theraze of the Kashan Empire.”
Shirone also read the history book, so he knows what kind of incident it was. But I didn’t know that it would be my job.
The Kashan Empire was an absolute powerhouse on the continent, occupying one-third of the territory of the human world.
In addition, the emperor of the empire has been a woman for generations.
Theraze, the emperor of Kashan, is said to be so beautiful that any man can’t help but fall in love with her.
On the other hand, he was also cold-blooded, willing to make any sacrifices in order to win.
Such a woman proposed marriage to Orkamp, the king of Khazra.
“Even Orkamp IV wouldn’t have been able to help. Because the country looks messed up. Besides, if he accepts Thera Ze, he’ll have great connections. In fact, since marrying Theraje, Kazura’s politics have rapidly stabilized, and its finances have also become strong.”
It was an unusual event that was introduced in detail even in history books.
Above all, Orkamp already had a wife, and Theraze was also a woman with a husband.
“The arranged marriages of royalty and aristocrats are not a big deal, but this case should be said to be unusual. Theraje, no, the rulers of Kashan have been women for generations, and marriage is the most used strategy to expand their influence. Besides Orkamp IV, Theraze has three other husbands. Of course, everyone is the king of each country. Theraze said she married Orkamp and she stopped by Khazra from time to time, and each time she gave birth to a child, so she now has a son and a daughter.”
“Does Orkamp Eliza, originally the Queen of Kazura, have any other children besides Shirone?”
“Unfortunately no. Theraze intervened as soon as the newborn child was evacuated to another country during the civil war. There must have been an agreement, not to have children. Theraze wants her child to inherit the kingdom.”
Amy sighed.
It was terrifying for even the royal family to use conception, a unique human ability, for politics.
As a result, Shirone was the only bloodline of Queen Kazura. And below that, there are half-brothers and sisters born by Theraze.
Amy, who had been thinking that far, suddenly realized. The cause of the anxiety she felt before she set off.
“Wait. Then, if Shirone becomes Kazura’s first prince… … .”
Reina also nodded with a serious expression as if that was the point.
“Yes, Theraze’s children will be pushed out of the succession ranks. Conversely, Queen Eliza’s influence will grow stronger. The reason why the envoy from one country came to the magic school and made a big public announcement probably has nothing to do with it.”
Amy frowned.
Come to think of it, it was already 10 years ago that Kazura’s internal affairs were stable. Therefore, it would have been easy for the kingdom to find Shirone even with a little effort.
After all, it was clear that political issues were intertwined with finding Shirone now.
Even if they are real parents… … The fact that she hadn’t invited because she wanted to see Shirone in its entirety made her heart heavy.
‘Oh wow, what’s so complicated about it? I don’t know what high-ranking people think.’
Theraze becomes Orkamp’s concubine, and Orkamp becomes Theraze’s rearguard.
It was a nonsense that could not even be drawn in a genealogy.
While each was lost in his thoughts, the wagon drove quickly and entered the visible mine.
It used to be an area where coal was mined, but it was called a visible mine because the stalactites hanging from the cave were sharp, and it has come down as its own name.
Currently, the mine is closed and blocked, but the nose is secretly spicy. But to Shirone, it was the smell of his hometown he missed most of all.
Seeing Shirone’s hardened face loosen up a little, Amy also sucked in the acrid air.
Arriving at Shirone’s house, Amy tidied up before getting off the carriage.
It was the first time I came to Shirone’s house. Besides, since it was a meeting with her parents, I naturally became cautious.
Make no mistake, of course, but the situation was a little strange.
Since Shirone’s parents were commoners, he was rather worried about how to treat them.
If you’re too polite, it’s likely that they’ll find it difficult, but if you do as usual, there’s room for you to be seen as arrogant.
Unlike Amy, who thought so, Reina opened the door and left as soon as she arrived.
Vincent and Olina were waiting ready to leave.
While sub-butler Temuran was checking the carriage, Reina took Shirone to her parents.
“hello. How have you been?”
“Yes, of course. Thank you for taking care of us.”
Vincent and Olina greeted each other with the utmost courtesy.
Reina didn’t care and went on with her schedule naturally.
“I will take a carriage and head north to cross the border. It will probably arrive around midnight, but please bear with it until then. From there, you will be led by the Kazura Kingdom, so there will be no inconveniences.”
“Never mind us. I am sorry for making you suffer because of your son.”
Reina let out a pitiful laugh. From the looks on Vincent’s and Olina’s faces, it was clear that she hadn’t slept a wink all night.
Temuran would have explained it several times, but it would not have been something that could be felt in reality.
How can we understand the situation when a child who was abandoned in a stable was raised as a child and raised for 18 years, but his real parents suddenly appeared?
It was also the king and queen of a foreign country.
It’s a good thing when you think of Shirone, but since they are also human, how can you not be sad?
Besides, since they couldn’t file a paternity suit against the king, they were about to lose their children.
“Do not worry too much. It’s not certain yet, and even if the real parents are certain, Shirone won’t be shaken. It was like that in the Ogent family as well.”
Vincent, who had been revealed, shook his hand in embarrassment.
“No worries! It doesn’t even matter. It’s really good for Shirone. Thank you for caring though.”
At that moment, Amy’s strong voice was heard from the carriage.
“hello!”
As everyone’s eyes focused, Amy’s face turned red. When she saw Reina and her parents chatting, her heart raced, so she interrupted her odd timing.
“My lady… … ?”
Olina’s eyes sparkled with interest, showing interest. It was the first time Shirone brought a girl her own age.
She was a true girl with a pretty face and no lies in her eyes.
“Ah yes. My name is Karmis Amy, Shirone’s friend. He ended up accompanying me to Khazra. I wish you well.”
Amy unknowingly lowered her head. Her confidence that she could remain calm under any circumstances was shattered.
Of course, it was only Amy’s thoughts, and Vincent and Olina smiled happily and whispered that they were good girls.
Shirone was still speechless. He honestly doesn’t know how to face his parents.
I could have firmly refused to become the adopted son of someone from the Ogent family, but this time it was my real parents.
Besides, being royalty, I had no choice, so I felt like I was committing a crime against them.
Vincent, who knew his son’s feelings in advance, approached.
“Are you okay, Shirone? You must have been very surprised.”
“I’m OK. father… … sorry.”
“Chuck! What do you have to be sorry for? I’d be glad if I didn’t make a mistake when I went to the palace. I learned a lot from Temuran-nim, but this is difficult.”
Shirone struggled to smile.
“Me too. But don’t worry. With Amy by her side, she’ll be fine.”
Amy pointed at herself with her thumb.
“sure! I’ll take care of it, so you don’t have to worry about that.”
Olina said with a smile.
“thank you. I can remember the name now. I heard that Shirone is getting a lot of help.”
Amy was a little smug. When the tension was released, the stiff lips moved according to their will.
“I also received a lot of help from Shirone. Please treat me comfortably in the future.”
Reyna clapped and drew attention.
It’s good to keep the good vibes going, but now I really don’t have time to waste.
I had to run diligently from now on to reach the border before midnight.
“now. Let’s go. Sub-butler, please wait at the mansion. Be prepared to act as soon as the message comes from Lewis.”
“All right. Be careful.”
The carriage carrying Shirone and the others departed for Kazura.
@
It was a forced march.
Staying in a rattling wagon for more than six hours would make your whole body ache. With the schedule of running for an hour and taking a 5-minute break, there was no time to soothe the throbbing back.
But nobody complained.
As the border line got closer, the pain gradually disappeared and the tension grew.
It was a great adventure for Shirone.
After hearing the complex circumstances of the Kazura royal family, it was not a situation that could be relieved even if the escort was on standby. If Theraze made a hasty decision, they could send an assassination squad.
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 267 - Kingdom of Khazra (4) 1.txt
===============================
[267] Kazura Kingdom (4)
Shirone opened the window and looked around.
It was a deep forest, and only the torches in the coachman’s seats were illuminating the road ahead. The gloomy tree shadows galloped in the opposite direction. It was fortunate that the full moon had risen. However, a cloud came from somewhere and covered even that.
Shirone’s sorrow deepened.
At some point, the wagon started moving slowly and stopped moving.
The roar of the horse rang through the quiet night air.
The coachman opened the door and whispered.
“Laina-sama, we have arrived at the rendezvous point.”
Reina put on a hooded cloak. The others did the same and got out of the wagon, covering their faces with hoods.
The place they arrived at was a vast wasteland with a view of the horizon. When Shirone drew a map in her head and imagined it, it seemed to be somewhere in the Plateau of Dawn in the north of Tormia.
I definitely thought it was thorough. It was extremely difficult to attempt an assassination in the open wasteland.
Of course, if you set your mind to it, you can dig a tunnel, but if you think about it, there is no end to it.
The meeting place was 300 meters away from where they arrived, and the leader of the Kazura Kingdom could be seen in silhouette from a distance.
Louis, the butler of the Ogent family, sent a hand signal.
When Reina exchanged passwords in the same way, the two teams finally met at the halfway point.
Louis, who had approached with a torch, bowed his head to Shirone and the others.
“welcome. I was waiting.”
“I’ve been struggling all this time. I heard that the admission process is proceeding without a hitch.”
“yes. I couldn’t detect any disturbing movements. But it’s something you can’t be sure of. let’s get on I will explain as we go.”
Shirone’s party followed Louis. The huge carriage I saw at Alpheas Magic School was waiting.
A man named Godin, the captain of the escort, introduced himself.
“My name is Ruzen Godin, who will serve Shirone, the candidate for the first prince. You know the situation, so you may be anxious, but there is no need to worry. He has built an escort of the best in the kingdom, so he should be able to safely arrive at the castle. Then get on.”
A soldier with a silver sword opened the carriage door.
Shirone was surprised before even entering. A light-emitting crystal ball was attached to the ceiling, so the inside of the carriage was as bright as daylight. In addition, it was equipped with a bed as well as equipment to do yoga.
“Since they are precious people, you may not be satisfied with them, but please be patient with them. I will take you to the royal castle right away.”
As soon as Shirone boarded the carriage, she lay down on the bed. It was a bed to lie down on every day, but it was unfamiliar just because it was in a carriage.
“haha! Amy, this is so much fun.”
Amy sat on the other side of the bed and smiled.
“It’s called the house wagon. It even has a shock-absorbing device, so it can withstand a 10-hour journey without any problems. It is said that the maintenance cost is enormous, but as expected, the royal family is different.”
said Rayna.
“But the movement speed is inevitably reduced. Rather, it might be safer to arrive quickly. Anyway, we should be fully prepared.”
Amy raised her hand.
“I will keep the vigil. It’s okay for wizards to stay awake for a day or so.”
Shirone shook her head.
“No, then let’s take turns standing with me.”
“it’s okay. You’ll be crazy as soon as you arrive, so take a break now.”
Even if there is an escort, it is forbidden to be careless. Someone had to protect the group. In Amy’s opinion, she was the right person. That said, it didn’t make sense that Shirone’s parents were up all night.
Reina frowned as if in displeasure.
“What are you ignoring? I can do schema too! I even stayed up a few nights while taking apprenticeship lessons. I’d rather have 3 people take turns. Since we don’t know the situation in the castle, it wouldn’t be good for one person to get tired first.”
Even Amy thought it was the right thing to say, so she followed it without muttering. Even though Vincent and Olina asked to be included, ordinary people couldn’t stay up all night riding in a carriage for 24 hours.
“Rest well. If you’re tired already, that’s even worse.”
Vincent and Olina had no choice but to lie on the bed. However, I fell asleep quickly, as if there was no business to beat the fatigue.
The remaining one bed was to be occupied by three people in turn.
Reina and Amy can sleep together, but Shirone can’t sleep with women, so she leans against the wall to sleep.
how much time has passed,
I fell asleep after seeing Rayna stay on the watch, but Amy came over and woke me up.
“Shirone, if you’re tired, can I stand still?”
Shirone blinked and opened her eyes without even making any preliminary movements. His own turn means that 4 hours have passed.
My mind was clear as never before, and my body was not tired. He seemed to know why nobles paid a lot of money to buy luxurious wagons.
“no. are you okay. sleep some more Did anything happen?”
“huh. It’s unsettlingly quiet. You can listen to what the soldiers say, but they don’t say a word because they’re wary of the schema.”
Shirone nodded and moved to the center of the carriage.
“okay. Thanks, Amy.”
“Thank you.”
Amy crawled next to Reina to get a quick nap.
Then, she suddenly remembered something and looked back at Shirone in a prone position.
Shirone burst into laughter at the sight of her reminiscent of a cat.
“why? Can’t you sleep?”
“Oh, and yes… … .”
Amy wiggled her horse’s tail.
Ever since the envoy from Kazura Kingdom came, there was something that always stuck in my mind.
“Shirone, if you become royalty… … .”
Amy asked as if making up her mind.
“You’re not going to learn magic, are you?”
“huh?”
“That’s right. From then on, I will become the first prince. Of course, you will have to take the heir class, and then you won’t have time to learn magic.”
Shirone laughed.
Have you ever been thinking like that?
Well, lately I’ve been too busy to look back at myself, so I haven’t been able to pay attention to other people’s thoughts.
“Amy, I will not be a prince.”
Amy’s eyes widened.
“What are you talking about? Are you sure you want to run away?”
“If that’s your last resort, you’ll have to run away. But I’ll convince you not to. Even if they are the ones who gave birth to me, I only have two parents. The reason I go to the royal castle is not to become an heir. to convey my will. I will come back home and go to magic school. and… … .”
Shirone hesitated for a moment before summoning up the courage to speak.
“Because I will definitely keep the promise I made with you.”
“Shirone… … .”
Amy was moved, but at the same time worried.
Until now, Shirone had gone through life according to her beliefs and it worked, but this time the opponent was different.
The royal family is not as rational as Shirone thought, but they are not swayed by emotions either.
Royals are intuitive beings.
Those who hold the world in their hands and shake it think only of simple judgments of whether or not to do something.
However, it is bound to evolve excellently when it reaches the level of a king, so that simple choice either advances or regresses history.
It was utterly impossible to reverse such a person’s way of thinking with words.
Still, Amy didn’t say anything.
It was because he wanted to keep the afterglow of Shirone’s last words in the carriage for as long as possible.
“See you later, Shirone.”
Amy lay next to Rayna and took a short nap.
@
Reina woke everyone up with a whispering voice.
“wake up. I think we have arrived at the royal castle.”
Amy rubbed her sleepy eyes and stood up. Looking through the crack outside the window, she saw that it was still before dawn.
However, the carriage did not shake any more, and the sound of the horses’ hooves could be heard as if it were running on a stone-paved road.
Shirone opened the window and looked outside. It was dark, so I couldn’t see details, but buildings were passing by. came into the city But not a single house had a light on.
A soldier on horseback approached and said to Shirone.
“sorry. It’s night inspection, so you can’t look outside. I will close the window.”
The guard slammed the window shut.
Shirone licked his lips and looked back. Reina and Amy also had absurd expressions.
Amy pursed her lips.
“tooth! When you enter the royal castle, people suddenly change.”
“I can’t be certain. It’s the first time he’s talking to us. It is a matter to be judged carefully.”
Shirone also saw that Reina’s way of thinking was correct.
From now on, it’s a tightrope ride. A minor misunderstanding or misunderstanding could endanger everyone.
By the time I entered the inner sanctuary, it was dawn. An escort soldier knocked on the carriage and announced that it was free to look around.
Shirone felt the foreignness of the foreign country. It seemed that he was not allowed to go out at night, not even to spy on him.
‘It’s definitely more rigid than Tormia. I should always be thinking.’
The carriage passed through the large moat surrounding the castle and entered the castle.
The Khazra Castle was not as beautiful as the buildings in Heaven, but it was enormous in scale.
Halfway across the bridge, fanfare rang out.
The military band appeared, and all the lower-ranking officials of the royal castle came out and greeted them with applause.
At the unexpected hospitality, Shirone turned to Reina.
“How did this happen?”
“I know. I didn’t expect you to openly welcome it.”
Even thinking about it, it was definitely strange.
If it was Kazura Kingdom that grew up under Theraje’s protection, the presence of Shirone would surely be a thorn in the side of the Queen’s faction.
‘However, there was no other incident, let alone an assassination. Besides, this level of hospitality… … .’
Realistically, there were only two things I could think of.
Orkamp’s side is also putting their life and death on Shirone’s work this time, or rather, Theraze’s side doesn’t even snort.
Since both the former and the latter are possible, it was not possible to conclude which one was more certain.
I checked Shirone’s expression, but he was calm.
This situation must have been more tense than anyone else, but once they arrived at the castle, the anxiety they felt when leaving was completely gone. Also, this was Shirone’s strength that Reina admired.
It was the same with the Ogent family. He is usually a naive boy like any other boy of his age, but when danger comes, he becomes as cold as a lie.
‘but… … Now I’m aspiring to be the best wizard in the kingdom.’
The essence of Shirone is the same, but everything that makes up him is different from before. After reading an article about Shirone in Spirit magazine, Reina asked a wizard she knew what an unlocker was.
It is said to be the greatest state of mind that humans can attain.
When I met him after knowing that fact, I couldn’t just look at Shirone as a child like before.
Kazura Castle was a building of about 20,000 pyeong, and the number of residents was about 1,000.
It was a combative design rather than splendid, so the entrance was narrower than any other castle.
However, upon entering, a grand hall unfolded that was so huge that one could immediately feel that it was a royal castle.
Past the red carpet where high officials stood in order of seniority, there was a throne on the stairs, where Orkamp IV sat.
It’s not polite to look directly into the king’s face, but Shirone and the others couldn’t take their eyes off him.
She had the same blonde hair as Shirone, and had a graceful impression that made it hard to believe that she was the ruler of a country. However, the energy radiating from his body was unusual.
No matter how much a king is, he is only the same person under the sky, but the person who holds millions of lives is definitely something different.
‘That person… … .’
If you put Orkamp and Shirone side by side, you could think of them as father and son.
It didn’t feel like a routine, but since we’ve been apart for 18 years, we had to think about the difference in environment.
Shirone and the others held a ceremony according to the law.
But Orkamp didn’t even react, only staring at Shirone’s face.
“Raise your head.”
Shirone met Orkamp’s eyes.
The king’s eyes were sucked in and shook his heartstrings. It was the aura of a monarch that could not be felt from a swordsman or wizard.
However, he soon regained his composure and returned to his calm state. It was the state of Geumgangtae, which was not shaken by the will of others.
Orkamp’s eyes brightened in surprise.
‘Is he really my son… … .’
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 268 - Kingdom of Khazra (5) 1.txt
===============================
[268] Kazura Kingdom (5)
Orkamp welcomed them with a raised hand.
“It was a lot of hard work to come a long way. Shirone, do you know why you came here?”
“Yeah, I know.”
“Okay, let’s arrange a separate place to discuss the details. It must have been a tough journey, give them a room and treat them to food.”
The head of the chamberlain, who oversees the affairs of the royal castle, bowed his head.
“I understand, Your Highness.”
Shirone raised her head again and looked at Orkamp.
It was the first father-son reunion in 18 years. But he couldn’t hear any private words from him.
Is this a king? If he wears the title of king, can he not even reveal his personal feelings?
Maybe he had no feelings for the son he had already abandoned.
If you really loved your children, there would be no way you would abandon them, no matter what obstacles might come your way.
But he abandoned it and so many years have passed.
I don’t know why he called me, but maybe I didn’t have to look for him.
Shirone and the others left the Grand Hall in vain, following the chief chamberlain.
The great chamber where the guests live was a double room.
Vincent and his wife shared one room, and Amy and Raina shared another room.
However, the chamberlain did not give Shirone’s room.
“Shirone-sama will be staying with Her Highness’s family in the inner room.”
Amy stepped out with a surprised expression.
“Have we not heard of that?”
It was dangerous to leave Shirone alone in the royal castle where there might be some conspiracy lurking.
However, the chief chamberlain rather looked at Amy strangely.
“That’s natural. Shirone-nim is the one who will become a member of the royal family.”
“We haven’t come to a definitive conclusion yet.”
The chamberlain wrinkled his brow.
Such a situation was something that a single attendant could not understand.
Rumor has it that the verification of the first prince is only a formality, but I don’t know why.
I also heard that Shirone is a commoner. If he had been given such a blessing, he would have prostrated himself and thanked God.
However, their expressions, let alone good feelings, felt even awkwardness for some reason.
“What is it?”
Executive Officer Ordos walked by.
The chief chamberlain hurriedly lowered his head and spoke of the dissatisfaction of Shirone and the others.
Ordos didn’t like it either, but I didn’t think it was an unusual situation. If they had brains, they would have come to know about Kazura’s situation.
Ordos turned to Shirone and said.
“There are laws in the palace. Just swapping royal rooms is a lot of fuss. But if you’re that uncomfortable, I’ll make a suggestion.”
Shirone, not wanting to cause trouble right after entering the royal castle, shook her head.
It was true that he was wary of dangerous situations, but he still wanted to believe that his real parents couldn’t harm him.
If not even that… … Even if they share the same blood, there would be no reason to be here.
“all right. I’ll go to the boudoir. Can we all see it during mealtime?”
Ordos shook his head.
“At mealtimes you will have a separate seat. A commoner cannot interfere with a royal meal.”
Shirone frowned.
Vincent and Olina were the benefactors and only parents who raised them for 18 years.
Even if he was of royal blood, he had no intention of denying that fact.
Come to think of it, Kazura’s people had never expressed their gratitude to Vincent and Olina.
Maybe they think that they didn’t abandon their child, but only left it for a while.
It was clear that he took Vincent and Olina’s good deeds for granted, just as the king obeyed when the king ordered them.
Shirone couldn’t tolerate that much.
If my parents treated me like this, I didn’t mind going home now.
“I can’t. Let us dine together.”
“Shirone… … We are fine.”
Vincent said with a contemplative face.
Having been tormented by nobles, let alone royalty, all his life, he knew how dangerous Shirone’s remarks were.
But Shirone did not back down.
If any type of conflict ever had to happen, now was the best time to get it done.
“no. Then I won’t attend either. Parents must be present at mealtime.”
Ordos pursed his lips and thought.
He’s a really naughty kid. Do you think you already have everything just because you were nominated as the first prince?
Of course, he will become a prince, but that does not change the power structure.
In the royal castle, there is the former first prince, Theraze’s son.
When I thought about it, I was puzzled again.
Even though it was widely announced that Eliza’s biological son would be brought, Theraze did not show any movement.
It could be that he thought he was confident enough, or it could be the unspoken pressure from the forces planted in Kazura to act on their own.
The power of the Empress is mighty. Until now, there was no way to oppose her, so she was not particularly divided into factions, but it was time for her to line up well from now on.
But Ordos was skeptical.
They said they excelled at magic school, but they weren’t opponents to attack with just that amount of cards, Theraze’s children.
“I understand Shirone’s words, but it’s not my decision. Since it is against the law, it could lead to a national incident. So, I’m sorry, but why don’t you tell His Highness directly?”
Shirone nodded as if he had nothing to fear.
“great. I will tell you myself.”
“Then go. I will guide you to the boudoir.”
Shirone, who was following Ordos, looked back and said.
“I’ll be back. See you later.”
Reina looked at Shirone, who was moving away.
Are you really going to bring Vincent and Olina to the royal table?
Royal etiquette is higher than the laws of the state. Due to the nature of the monarchy, the country is shaken when the king’s authority is insulted.
It was clear that the current decision would bring risks in one way or another.
Olina grabbed Reina by the collar and begged.
“We are really fine. I think it would be better to dry the sirone. I want to talk, but I don’t know anything… … .”
It wasn’t just because Olina’s knowledge was short.
Reina also didn’t know what Shirone was thinking when he acted like this.
“It is strange. I’m not the type to be stubborn.”
“Shirone has already started fighting.”
Reina looked back at Amy and asked again.
“fight?”
Amy said, recalling the conversation she had with Shirone.
“The reason Shirone responded to Wangseong’s invitation was because she wanted to meet her real parents. But Shirone is not interested in the heir or the prince. She will go to magic school again and stay with her family. Of course, that family is the two of you here. That’s why you can’t give up. If you take a step back from here, you will be swayed to the end. Shirone chose the royal table as the point of gaining a strategic advantage.”
“My son… … .”
Olina burst into tears.
They were really bad parents. In this situation, he couldn’t protect his son, but he was taking care of his son.
Actually, she wanted to fight too. I wanted to claim to the face of the king or whatever, that he was my son because I raised him.
But it wasn’t because she lacked courage that she couldn’t do that.
none other than royalty And Shirone is trying to become a prince of a country.
Vincent said as he wrapped his arms around Olina’s shoulder.
“Watch. he’s our son I am a deep child All we have to do is follow what he says.”
Olina nodded, wiping away tears.
Theraje’s Lineage (1)
Shirone entered the boudoir where the royal family lived.
Like another castle within a castle, a completely different scene unfolded from the scenery so far.
Portraits of royalty were hung on the walls decorated with bright golden wallpaper, and luxurious carpets were spread on the floor.
Shirone headed to Orkamp’s room. He was located at the far end of the castle, so there was no difficulty in finding him.
When I entered the study, Orkamp was sitting at his desk, lost in thought. It wasn’t until after a while that he realized that you had come, and he stood up and said,
“Are you here?”
It was more emotional than in the grand hall, but the initial awkwardness still lingered.
“Come this way. Mother is waiting.”
Her mother was Kazura’s queen, Orkamp Eliza. Orkamp said only those words, but did not say a word to her on the way. Shirone was so nervous that he couldn’t even recognize that fact. It was the moment when she finally met the mother who gave birth to her.
It was said that Eliza’s room was the most extravagant and luxurious space in the Kazura Kingdom. In a huge room, there was a white bed on which ten people could lie, and a woman even paler than him sat on it.
There is no law that says a country’s queen has to be beautiful, but she was beautiful, and her big eyes contained sadness.
“iced coffee… … .”
Eliza was so moved that she could not speak.
She got out of bed and took Shirone in her arms without saying anything that she had prepared at first.
Shirone just stood there. She felt the need to hug her, but for some reason she couldn’t move her fingertips.
Her body smelled good. She was a very luxurious and precious royal scent that Shirone had never smelled before.
But it wasn’t Olina’s smell.
“My son, you are finally here. I’m sorry mom… … ! Forgive her mother!”
Eliza’s weeping voice choked Syrone as well.
When I was young, I used to resent my parents for abandoning me. However, Vincent and Olina filled the void of blood that could never be filled with great love.
So I felt guilty. She was also unfamiliar with herself, unable to speak kind words to Eliza.
“outside… … I have parents who raised me.”
Eliza dropped herself and examined Shirone’s face.
What a beautiful boy he was. This, too, was of his own, and Orkamp’s, noble lineage.
“Yeah, but not anymore. i am your mother You will become the first prince and inherit the kingdom. Don’t worry about anything. From now on, your mother will protect you.”
Shirone’s chest felt tight.
He regretted coming here for the first time, although he still did not know what it was that angered him.
“I want to eat with them. I know it is against the laws of the kingdom, but I think they deserve that treatment.”
Eliza put on a puzzled expression and turned to her husband.
Orkamp was also disappointed by Shirone’s words. What does a mountaineer nanny matter to the future king of a country?
Orkamp doubted that Shirone did not have the qualities of an heir, then shook his head.
If it was Orkamp’s blood, there was no way that would be the case.
However, it was only because the environment in which he grew up was different that he had not yet been able to break the temperament of the king.
Shirone should be the first prince. That was the only way to stand against Theraze’s forces.
said Orkamp, looking displeased.
“Do you really have to? Meals are usually shared among family members. I don’t like it when an uninvited guest interrupts. I will give them separate instructions and treat them without regret.”
Shirone firmly shook her head. And he glared at Eliza with bitter eyes.
Was it like this after all? Is the law of one meal more important than the hard work of raising a son? Is that why he abandoned himself like a devoted partner when a crisis came to the kingdom?
Eliza read the disappointment and frustration in Shirone’s eyes and hurriedly changed her mind. When she abandoned Syrone, she gave her own consent, but it was entirely for the sake of her husband, Orkamp.
Is there any mother in the world who wants to abandon her child? Wracked with guilt all her life, she would do anything you asked for with her poetry.
“If you want, you can do that. I took care of you, so that’s nothing. Anyway, my son wants it.”
Eliza was touched by what she had said and hugged Shirone again.
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 269 - Theraze's Lineage (2).txt
===============================
[269] Theraze’s Lineage (2)
Surprisingly, the permission was given easily, but Shirone had expected this situation from the beginning.
Those who have are free. It was the same when the Ogent family risked their lives to relocate the Great Library.
The butlers meticulously sorted books according to the rules, but in reality the nobles didn’t even care if the books were lost or not.
Eliza hugged Shirone and repeated what she said over and over again, but no sound remained in Shirone’s mind as he was absorbed in thought.
Suddenly, Eliza remembered something and jumped up.
“This is not the time. I can’t be dressed like this when I’m eating with my son for the first time. Honey, I’ll change my clothes.”
“Let it be.”
Elise left Shirone and walked to the dressing room. Then the female attendants lined up and followed her.
For Shirone, it seemed that clothes were not important when it came to eating. However, just as there is a dress code for aristocratic parties, it seemed that choosing clothes for the royal family was as important as finding their son after 18 years.
After Eliza leaves, only Orkamp and Syrone remain. An awkward silence ensued, in which no words were exchanged. I don’t know if I thought about it from the beginning or if I couldn’t overcome the awkwardness, but Orkamp spoke to me for the first time.
“Shirone… … did you say?”
“yes. It’s the name my parents gave me.”
Shirone emphasized that her parents built it. There must have been a name Orkamp had given him, but he didn’t want to throw away the name Shirone.
“I see. That’s a good name.”
Contrary to expectations, Orkamp did not say much.
It occurred to him that he might not have had a name given to him from the beginning. If so, she had already made up her mind to abandon her child while he was still growing inside her mother’s womb.
“Do you resent me?”
“I used to resent it when I was younger. But now… … .”
Shirone swallowed the next words. It seemed too rude to say that he was rather fortunate to have been born as Vincent’s son.
Orkamp read Shirone’s emotions with his unique insight and smiled bitterly.
“I guess not now.”
“that… … .”
“Know. Being a member of the royal family is not a very good place, even if it is glamorous to look at. There are a lot of responsibilities and a lot to give up.”
“It sounds like you gave up on me.”
Orkamp was momentarily taken aback by Shirone’s question, but soon returned with a calm expression.
“I’m sorry. I couldn’t find you… … .”
Shirone shook her head to block Orkamp’s words.
didn’t want to hear
No, I really wanted to hear it. But the words that came out of his mouth were not the answers he expected. I was so sure.
“are you okay. You were looking for me even now.”
Orkamp felt Shirone’s extraordinaryness. Even though he lived as a commoner for 18 years, he could not find the slightest sign of nervousness in the royal castle of a foreign country. In addition, he was the owner of a firm spirit that carried through his demands even when he faced the king and queen.
‘indeed… … Doesn’t the blood thin?’
Having concluded that, Orkamp turned to his study to proceed with the next step. Then he suddenly thought that Shirone would be left alone, so he turned around again and asked.
“In 30 minutes it will be meal time. Will you be here?”
Shirone shook her head. I felt like I was going to suffocate if I stayed in this room for one more minute.
“no. I’ll be out. Can I take a look at the royal castle?”
This request was pure curiosity, without any calculations. It is a great honor for a commoner, even an aristocrat, to be invited to the royal castle. Aside from honor, it was a good opportunity to visit the royal castle, which he had been curious about since he was young.
Orkamp readily agreed.
“then. You can watch anywhere. Because this will be your home now.”
Shirone was thinking of going back to magic school. However, it was premature for him to bring up such a topic at this point, so he just thanked Orkamp for his kindness and left the room.
Shirone walked down the aisle in a fluttering mood. Where should I go first? Armory, bakery, chapel, anywhere was good, but the most appealing was the gallery with various art pieces on display.
An elderly official stood at the corner of the hallway, and Shirone approached him to ask for directions. But before he could say anything, the official bowed his head first.
“Shirone-sama, there is someone I want to meet.”
As soon as Shirone heard the official’s words, he was upset.
Normally, I would have followed without a murmur, but I didn’t like this situation because I was tired of the self-righteous and self-centered way of thinking of the royal family.
“Later. I want to be alone now. Her Highness also said that it doesn’t matter if we go anywhere until mealtime.”
I don’t know the official’s job title, but Shirone openly showed dislike. Since he had said everything he had to say even in front of the king, he did not seem to need to notice an official.
However, the unidentified official said with a mean smile that he would have no choice but to follow his words.
“Of course, that’s fine too, but wouldn’t it be nice to meet?”
Seeing the uneasiness in the official’s laugh, Shirone put aside her irritated feelings and regained her composure. She was an outright blackmailer. She was, so she was curious. It wasn’t long before it was time to eat. Is there a reason she has to find herself in such a hurry?
“Who is that person?”
A sharp aura passed through the official’s eyes.
“This is Terraze Zion. He is the first prince of Kazura. Of course not yet.”
The official emphasized the word ‘until now’. It meant that the position of the first prince would pass in the future, but for some reason, it was a nuance that was interpreted in the opposite way.
Shirone became cautious in front of the name Zeon. The target to be most wary of in the royal castle is, of course, the Theraje faction. It was a situation where the central part of the faction requested a contact first.
Even in Shirone’s opinion, it was better to meet him as soon as possible and find out what kind of person he was. This is because if you know their tendencies, you can roughly infer how they will move. Perhaps Zion had the same idea, so he sent an official.
“Okay, let’s meet.”
“It’s an excellent decision. Please come this way.”
The official took Shirone to the east side of the inner room.
It was a place where the royal family lived, and although it was smaller than Orkamp’s boudoir, it was luxurious enough.
There is a statue of a lion reaching up to the ceiling in the hall that divides the east and west, and four roads extend from there to the north, south, east, and west.
After advancing 20 meters to the east, a golden gate awaited Shirone. An official opened it from the outside, revealing an artificial garden with white marble floors.
Shirone inspected the interior before entering.
The garden was beautiful, but it was the best condition for decorating anything. Although the season is winter, palm trees were planted to feel the atmosphere of the southern country.
At the table in the center, a brother and sister younger than Shirone were drinking tea, and a sleek black cat and a furry white cat were playing with each other on the floor.
“Zeon-nim, Shirone-nim has been brought here.”
Ji-on watched the cat play, listened to the manager’s words, and only slightly raised his head without looking away.
“Ask me to come in.”
When the order was given, the official smiled and gestured for Shirone to enter.
Shirone pulled her chin in tight and walked straight ahead.
If you look down on them from the beginning, all your strategies will be in vain. The sound of an unidentified official closing the door and leaving was strangely depressing.
Shirone walked to the table, ignored her manners, and studied the siblings’ faces with intense eyes.
‘They are… … .’
Theraze Zeon and Theraze Uorin.
He was the current first prince and princess of Kazura.
They are, of course, Orkamp’s children. However, as far as the surname was concerned, he followed his mother, Thera Zeh. The reason is simple. Orkamp was pushed back in the power game of arranged marriage. In the world, this is called Orkamp’s humiliation.
Only then did Ji-on turn his head and look up at Shirone. Then, as if Shirone’s serious face was funny, he trembled.
“haha! don’t be too nervous I won’t eat you.”
Shirone doesn’t know what Kashan’s Empress Theraze looks like. However, if you remove Orkamp’s features from Ji-on’s face, she seems to be able to get a glimpse of what the Empress looks like.
He was a beautiful boy with cold silver hair, dark double eyelids, and a sharp cat-like chin. With that alone, it was easy to guess that Theraze’s beauty was beyond imagination.
Uorin greeted Shirone with a smile.
“Hello, I’m Wu Lin. Are you a magician? I saw it in that magazine.”
A white cat jumped up on Uorin’s lap. Shirone couldn’t take her eyes off the fourteen-year-old girl who was cuddling her cat and petting her fur.
If Theraze was inferred through Ji-on’s appearance, Uorin felt like Theraze was clearly revealed.
She resembles Theraze even more than Zeon. No, to be precise, it seemed that Orkamp’s blood was hardly mixed.
She was a beautiful girl, and beyond that beauty, she had a certain spiritual and mysterious appearance.
Shirone had experienced similar feelings before. He never expected to feel again in a human the way he felt when he first saw Ichael in heaven.
Uorin lowered her head and looked up at Shirone with a worried look.
“Why, why do you look like that? Now, in a few days, they will be family, and they say that look in their eyes is burdensome.”
Shirone’s face brightened.
“No, I didn’t mean it that way… … .”
Uorin held her stomach and smiled as if she had never done that.
“Ho-ho-ho! Just kidding, kidding! I heard that she is 18 years old, but she is very naive. Don’t do that, come this way.”
Shirone regained her composure and sat down in the seat Uorin gave her. He almost lost control, but this was the start.
An attendant served tea and a full-fledged conversation ensued.
Contrary to the expectation that a fierce psychological warfare would begin, Ji-on was optimistic about the current situation.
It was possible because he looked down at Shirone.
“If you’re not an idiot, you’ll know the situation in the castle. The weight of the castle called Theraje. I just called to finish it off cleanly. I don’t know what your father was thinking, but you can’t be king anyway. So you’d better not walk around with your head upright.”
It is safe to say that blatantly urging the first prince candidate to give up was an official bid for the position of king.
Shirone, who had read through history books, was acutely aware of how the bloody bloody battles of the royal family unfolded.
But this time, I was rather grateful for Jion who came out like this. From the beginning, he was not even interested in the kingship.
“don’t worry. I’m only here by invitation. I’ll be back when this job is over. I have no desire to live here. I have no intention of becoming king.”
“ha ha ha! You speak well. Do sly guys usually stab you in the back of the head after saying that? He’s also a mean wizard. Oh! Not even a wizard? An aspiring wizard.”
Uorin scolded Jion.
“Brother, don’t be like that. Shirone’s older brother had a difficult childhood. It’s really great that a commoner went to a magic school. Besides, he is now evaluated as a great prospect.”
Uorin, on the contrary to Jion, was friendly to Shirone.
However, from Shirone’s point of view, it felt more dangerous than Zeon’s outright hostility.
Uorin is also Terase’s daughter. She had no reason for her to be nice to herself.
Uorin said with a pretty smile.
“Shirone oppa still seems wary of us. It’s all because of Ji-on. Oh, can I call you brother?”
Shirone was not used to the atmosphere here.
Theraje siblings had opposite tendencies, as if they were going back and forth between heaven and hell. Trying to care about those two people at the same time made my head tangled up.
“Well, it hasn’t been decided yet. Are you still going to do it?”
“Hey, how are you? I’ll just call you brother. Because he’s older than me. By the way, oppa, are you using magic by any chance?”
“Magic? Uh, anything basic.”
Uorin clapped and liked it.
“wow! exciting! Be sure to show me later! Magic is amazing every time I see it. How can the fire go out of your hand?”
Shirone was increasingly seized with a strange feeling.
There was no sense of strategy in Uorin’s attitude. She even thought that maybe she was just a nice, bright girl.
However, if you are a girl from a mountain village, as long as you are the daughter of an empress, if your hair is superior to others, you will be outstanding and not inferior.
Shirone suddenly discovered the common ground between Ji-on and Uorin.
They are not afraid of anything.
Zeon’s blatant hostility and Uorin’s friendly attitude that didn’t fit the situation were all possible because he had the enormous power of TheraJera at his back.
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 270 - Theraze's Lineage (3) 2.txt
===============================
[270] Theraze’s Lineage (3)
Uorin looked at the wall clock and hurriedly put the cat down and stood up.
“uh? It’s time to eat. Brother, let’s go.”
After setting down the teacup, Ji-on stood up and pressed her face to Shirone.
“I don’t know what they came here for, but you better not expect too much. If you don’t want to get hurt.”
Shirone didn’t even snort.
“To be clear, I’m not expecting anything. The only reason I came here is to meet my biological parents.”
“haha! biological parents? yeah, it doesn’t matter But you know what? Can’t parents who abandoned their children once abandon them twice?”
Shirone did not understand and frowned.
“What are you talking about?”
“To be pathetic. In front of power, there is no blood or anything. Surely you don’t think your father suddenly found you for no reason?”
Shirone also expected that there must be some reason why he found himself after 18 years. However, it was shocking to hear such a story from Ji-on.
Uorin patted Ji-on on the shoulder.
“Oh, yes! because let’s go fast If you’re late, you’ll get scolded.”
Ji-on laughed at Shirone and was led out the door by his sister’s hand.
Only then did Jion leave the room, leaving Shirone alone, looking back and clicking his tongue.
“Sheesh! He’s a no-nonsense guy. I don’t particularly like the eyes. Is it because you live vulgarly? Where are you going to talk back to me when it’s not enough even if I shudder?”
Uorin comforted Jion.
“Don’t be so. I’m glad I have a wizard brother. I can’t be your brother’s competitor anyway. As long as there is a mother, Kazura Kingdom belongs to my brother.”
“Who doesn’t know that? It’s because I don’t like what I’m doing. I hate to be called father. Orkamp’s son. I will definitely get rid of it when I become king.”
Wu Lin pursed her lips.
In any country, the idea of a son killing his father is immoral. Moreover, this place was a royal castle. If this voice leaked out, the kingdom would be turned upside down.
But Uorin’s reaction was just that.
They were the children of Theraze.
@
The food served on the table of the royal family was so magnificent that even commoners would not even dream of dying while eating it.
Shirone didn’t think it would be necessary to spend so much money on the food she ate every day, but in reality, it was a virtue of the royal family to be extravagant even when no one else was eating it.
The royal family should be superior to the nobility in even the smallest things.
As long as the nobles of the world indulge in all sorts of luxuries, the royal family’s ignorant and excessive spending will not be corrected.
Shirone and the others sat in the last seats. Not only Vincent and his wife, but also Raina and Amy had pale faces.
I really didn’t expect to be invited to the king’s table.
Could this be the first time in the 100-year history of the Kazura Kingdom?
That added to my anxiety, to the point where I didn’t even know where the food was going into the hole.
The atmosphere at the table was chilling.
Orkamp’s pride was hurt by the situation that broke the law, and Shirone and Zion were also hurt by the conversation in the room a while ago.
But Eliza was in a very good mood. Because she liked the clothes she picked out in the dressing room. She was wearing a dress with sable fur trimmed on the sleeves, and for her accessories she chose diamonds.
Eliza, who was flipping through the food as if she was trying to disassemble it into molecules, suddenly put down the tableware and smiled brightly.
“I need to decorate Shirone’s room. gorgeous and gorgeous Like you, I’m blonde, so I’ll have to order a navy blue suit too. Oh, and you’ll need a wagon too. I will be out of my mind for a while.”
Olina’s face darkened. None of which she could do on her own.
Shirone spoke as if she had made up her mind.
“I don’t need that. It is enough for my parents who have raised me up until now.”
“Huh, my son is frugal. But there’s such a thing as royalty, so you can’t live the same life as before. Let’s see… … Yes, gold suits you. No, sapphire?”
“Golden or jewels, it doesn’t matter. My parents here did their best for me. You won’t get that kind of love anywhere.”
Eliza frowned. What could be more important than gold and jewels? It is their job to enjoy the most luxurious wealth in the kingdom. It is a duty, not a right.
Prior to becoming the first prince, he was informing about the duties of the royal family, but the son who was reciting the love of a nanny did not deserve it.
No, perhaps Shirone has too much affection. That’s why she can’t say that she will live well alone in front of her babysitter.
Eliza looked back at Shirone’s parents.
“Did you say Vincent?”
Vincent hurriedly put the tableware down.
“Ah yes! My name is Ariane Vincent!”
“I will make a separate case for you. You should be rewarded for taking good care of our son. It will weigh too much to pay with money, dear, why don’t you give me some land in the Cocent area?”
said Orkamp, looking uninterested.
“I’d love to.”
Shirone had a tantrum. They came to the royal castle as they wished. Vincent and Olina are worried about losing their child. In such a situation, the only gift I could give to the two was pride in raising my child well.
Thank you for raising my son, I hoped that those great people who wear the badge of royalty would say just one word. But could it be so difficult to get the word out?
“Wait. Why do you keep talking like that? You raised me for 18 years. My parents, who have taught me how to live on behalf of my real parents from a young age until now.”
Eliza’s expression turned ferocious. It is of course a pity that I abandoned Shirone. But a little while ago, I was annoyed by taking the side of vulgar things.
“Is it because the price is low? Then build a small castle on the land… … .”
Shirone’s voice rose.
“It’s not like that! Why don’t you ever say thank you?”
Eliza put on a blank expression. At first, she wondered if Shirone’s mind was a little strange. Why should royalty have to say thank you to common people?
Ji-on said with an uncomfortable expression.
“What are you doing rudely? Do you think this is the table for commoners where you used to live?”
Shirone glared at Zion. Indignation welled up inside him, but he had a point in his words. There was room for the situation to flow strangely if he went out stronger at the gathering of the royal family.
Uorin hurriedly extinguished it.
“Oh, yes. It’s because Shirone oppa is such a kind person. In my opinion, Shirone oppa thinks emotions are more important than material things. So, the price of not conveying emotions is just an exchange of things.”
At this moment, Shirone also saw Uorin as a lovely little sister. I couldn’t be so grateful to her for telling her what she wanted to say.
Uorin met Shirone’s eyes and winked. Then he told the Vincent couple.
“I’m sorry for pushing you so hard. And thank you so much for raising my older brother so wonderfully.”
“Oh, no. how do i… … .”
Vincent trembled in embarrassment. He never dreamed that he would be thanked by royalty throughout his life.
Shirone’s expression softened a little. On the one hand, she felt sorry that she had misunderstood her child, Wu Lin, until now.
On the other hand, Rayna was shocked. Uorin is the princess of the Theraze family. And the emperor of the Kashan Empire was inherited by women with the surname of Theraje from generation to generation.
Zeon is the king of one country, but Uorin beats a few competitors to become the emperor of the Kashan Empire and rise to the position of dominating the continent. Therefore, apart from Kazura’s politics, it was clear that Uorin’s actual power would be overwhelming.
It was a surprising event for a child with such power to express his gratitude to the common people, and from a different angle, it could be seen that the king’s temperament was rather strong.
As Reina expected, Urin’s remarks exerted a powerful influence. As she favorably treated her Vincent couple, Orkamp, who had been silent until now, could not help but support her will.
“I must have thought too much from the royal family’s point of view. I am very grateful to you guys.”
Vincent lowered his head again.
“Oh, no. We just did what we had to do.”
Anger crept into his wife, Olina’s eyes. You can tell by a woman’s intuition. Urin’s words were sincere, but Orkamp wasn’t.
Of course, I didn’t give birth to Shirone in my belly. However, he was the son who occupied her heart with love thicker than blood while raising her for 18 years.
If Shirone can be happy, I can let her go, even if she says she is leaving with her real parents. However, even though the best parents who have nothing to envy in the world appeared, I was not in a good mood.
“We don’t need money. I just want Shirone to live happily.”
Shirone looked back at Olina with a surprised expression.
Unlike the moment before, when he was afraid of being oppressed by the power of the royal family, his voice contained subtle anger.
There was no way Eliza, who was astounded by one noticing, could miss that feeling. Her expression was crumpled. I couldn’t stand it if it was Shirone, but I couldn’t stand her nanny’s arrogance.
Even so, the reason why they cannot be kicked out immediately is because Wulin’s remarks are still exerting influence.
From Eliza’s point of view, Theraze was the abomination of stealing her husband, but she wasn’t foolish enough to ignore the power gap and act. In the end, it was all about getting timid revenge with her belittling tone.
“Let me take it anyway. I don’t want to have another mind later.”
Olina lowered her head, neither affirming nor denying. However, only her eyes were still looking straight at Elise.
Thinking that it would reach the worst if it continued like this, Shirone decided to bring out the core at this point.
“Actually, there is something I want to tell you.”
Eliza also changed her emotions and smiled embarrassingly quickly, perhaps feeling the need to lighten up the atmosphere.
“Yeah, tell me anything. Mommy won’t listen to anything.”
Then Olina was even more offended. Eliza’s words contained ridicule that, no matter how much you and the like acted like mothers, Shirone was royalty.
“I have no intention of becoming the heir to the Kazura kingdom. It’s something that I’ve already talked about with Ji-on. So please stay a while and let me go back to Tormia.”
All the tableware stopped all at once. Orkamp’s face turned serious, and Eliza opened her mouth in dismay.
“What do you mean, Shirone? Now this is your home There is no need to go back to such a shabby place.”
“I want to go back. No, at least let me graduate from the school I am currently attending.”
Shirone first presented her magic school card. To be honest, he wanted to leave the castle like this, but his family could be in danger.
“no! That is absolutely unacceptable! You are a prince with royal blood! There are plenty of magic schools in Kazura! Let me introduce you to the best teacher.”
“I will take the graduation exam next year. This is the most important time for me right now. Give me time, even if it’s just a year.”
Of course, I had no intention of returning after a year. Once I got out of here safely, I was thinking of graduating from magic school and running away with my parents.
Uorin gave Shirone strength again this time.
“I can understand how Shirone oppa feels. There will be friends at school too. Network management is also important.”
“What connections do you have with nobles? You should hang out with royalty.”
Eliza was against death. How could she have found the son, but sent her away again? More than anything, her pride was hurt so much that her mother’s qualifications were being pushed aside by menial things.
Orkamp finally opened his mouth.
“Let me consider it.”
“honey!”
Eliza asked ferociously. However, feeling her coolness in her husband’s eyes, she quickly shut her mouth.
Orkamp also thought it was absurd to hand over his son to a mountaineer. It was the disgrace of the royal family. However, Thera’s child is here. If you catch Shirone as she leaves, you could incur disrespectful suspicion from the Theraze faction.
Reina finally realized Shirone’s strategy.
The Theraze faction is the most dangerous, which also means that it is the most powerful. Rather than resisting them, the idea was to use their power against them to achieve their goals.
‘Certainly because he’s smart.’
At first, I was worried that he seemed too excited, but as expected, it wasn’t Shirone jumping into a no-win fight.
Seating her parents at the royal table and even insisting on leaving this place were decisions she could make only because Theraze’s children were on board.
In the end, Orkamp had no choice but to take a step back.
“Shirone, everything says you are my son. Of course I believe so too. However, it has not yet been clearly verified.”
I’m talking about the need for solid evidence. It’s not usually something to say in a situation like this, but Shirone already expected it. It was because he could reassure the Theraze faction through his remarks.
“So how about doing this? Verification of the first prince must proceed through procedures. I’m going to do a paternity test. If it starts tomorrow, it will take about 4 days for the results to come out. Until then, let’s think of a good way.”
Shirone was reluctant to waste time, but it was impossible from the beginning to build a deal with the royal family with a single sword.
“all right. I will think carefully about it.”
A lot of food was served on the royal table, but no one remembered the menu that day.
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 271 - Theraze's Lineage (4) 3.txt
===============================
[271] Theraze’s Lineage (4)
Even after midnight, Orkamp couldn’t leave the study. Sitting at his desk, covering his face with both hands, he mumbled sentence by sentence the conversations they had at the table today.
Didn’t he make a mistake, didn’t he stimulate Theraje, and what variables his words would cause in the future.
It was extremely exhausting and tiring to review the words repeated every day.
But no mistakes should be made.
I had no choice but to be careful and careful until I got a card that could stand against the empress.
A voice came from behind Orkamp.
“Did you call, Your Highness?”
A man in his mid-thirties appeared through the darkness. He was an effeminate man with slender eyes as if smiling, and seven piercings hanging along the pinna of his ear.
Morrigan Arius.
In the world, he was a wizard nicknamed a grave robber and an unlocker who opened the immortal function.
As one of the Seven Madou Girls belonging to the Black Line, she was recognized for her scale magic skills and was scouted by Kazura Kingdom five years ago.
Unlike the red line, the black line has no association and therefore no rank or hierarchy.
Although they sometimes form an organization like the 7 Madou Girls, they often act individually like the grave robber Arius. In addition, the majority of criminals were pursued by the state.
There are sorcerers who make accidents on the red line and cross over to the black line, but the line is full of people who commit genocide to such an extent that such people cannot even fit into the axis.
If the name was known to some extent, the bounty started from the basic unit of 100 million, so there was even a guild that only hunted the black line in the red line.
Countries involved in the Black Line are criticized externally, but considering the political situation in Khazra, it was unavoidable.
Even though the civil war ended through an arranged marriage with Theraje, there were still many elements of political instability.
First of all, there was no way the neighboring countries would let Kazura grow, and they had to pay attention to the Theraze faction internally.
It was only natural that Orkamp, who was having a hard time increasing the power of the Red Line due to foreign checks, reached out to the Black Line.
“How did your instructions go?”
“It worked out safely. Most of the secrets must have been stolen. Perhaps Theraze will not notice.”
“Right.”
“Now is the time to move on to the next step. I looked at it and it seemed like a good piece. Could it be His Highness’s son?”
Orkamp felt embarrassed and sighed. When he coldly abandoned his son, it was ridiculous to bring him back because he would always have a way to use it.
Arius smiled like a snake and comforted me.
“Do not worry. Doesn’t that kill you too? There will be no problem.”
“That child… … He said he would leave the castle.”
Arius’ thin narrow eyes opened slightly. A sharp flash like starlight flashed in the exposed pupil.
“okay. Well, the Unlocker doesn’t care much about the world. They are the seeds that wander only in search of strange, miraculous, and unattainable things.”
“Like you?”
Arius’ nickname is Grave Robber. But what he was robbing was not gold or jewels.
“Well, it must be similar. Anyway, nothing changes. Shirone is not important, but Ataraxia is important.”
Orkamp distorted his impression. Why is it that child? No, this is definitely an opportunity. If you miss this opportunity now, you will never be able to escape from Theraze’s grip.
Orkamp never forgets the moment when he was humiliated like a male prostitute after marrying Theraje. He had nightmares every night and often woke up in a cold sweat.
Having trampled on a human being’s spirit to the very bottom, she left like the wind, leaving behind only two stumbling blocks, Ji-on and Woo-rin.
Theraze has a plan to devour the world.
One of its key tasks was the Valkyrie, a multinational army organized to oppose Heaven.
A total of 24 countries participated in the scale of the army, and it was enough to end a small kingdom in three days, and Theraje was the head of the Valkyrie.
The reason Kazura Kingdom has grown rapidly in the past 20 years is also thanks to being able to take over some of Valkyrie’s shares.
However, Orkamp did not see the kingdom’s growth lasting long. Zion is growing well. And his last name is Theraze, not Orkamp.
Eventually, Theraze will devour Kazura. As if she had eaten herself long ago.
Then one day, intelligence arrived. It was news that a student at the magic school in the kingdom of Tormia used the power of heaven.
An investigation was launched immediately, and a shocking fact was revealed. It was the Shirone that the child had abandoned 18 years ago.
Orkamp felt like heaven was helping.
Even in Valkyrie, the army against Heaven, there are very few people who can use the power of Heaven.
According to experts, Ataraxia is an archangel’s ability, and it belongs to Triple S in terms of its ability system.
In Valkyrie, there is not a single person in the past and present who can use the ability of Triple S.
Such Shirone is his bloodline. If he can make Shirone the first prince, he has a weapon against Theraje.
Not only would her position within Valkyrie be strengthened, but there was also the possibility of expelling Theraze’s lineage from Kazra Castle.
Orkamp, who finally made up his mind, asked.
“Can you clone Ataraxia?”
“Because it’s my major. Leave it to me.”
“I don’t want to hurt that kid. I want you to live the life you want.”
It was a lie, of course.
The reason why Shirone was summoned was to keep Theraze in check with Ataraxia’s ability.
In that respect, the existence of the Orkamp lineage was also a risk factor for Theraze’s wrath.
Replicating Ataraxia’s information and returning Shirone was the best result for now. No, if he hadn’t called from the beginning, there wouldn’t have been a need to notice Theraze.
Upon hearing the news of Ataraxia, Arius had infiltrated the Alpheas Magic School. However, the black box was already destroyed to see if there was a person whose head was spinning in the red line.
In the end, the only person in this world who could use Ataraxia was Shirone, and she had no choice but to call her to the royal castle as the next best thing.
“It’s not like stealing it, it’s good, so let’s use it together. A son can do that much for his father, right?”
“If Shirone refuses to be the successor, I have no intention of forcing him. But we absolutely need it.”
Arius nodded confidently.
“Do not worry. Please let Shirone meet for the paternity test tomorrow.”
Orkamp turned his head in a puzzled way.
“A paternity test? It is a place where all ministers observe. It’s to verify the lineage of the royal family, so you can’t play around with it.”
“Of course it is. I have no intention of interfering with the examination. first… … It’s good to be clear about that, haha. But wouldn’t there be a chance of its own before the inspection?”
Orkamp finally understood and nodded.
The inspection is conducted under strict control, but before the inspection, you should have been able to approach Shirone quietly.
“Just make me believe you.”
“Take it easy. It will work out.”
Leaving those words behind, Arius dispersed like smoke. It was the monopoly of those who use scale magic.
The door to the study opened and Eliza entered. The color of his face was not good, as if he had overheard an intimate conversation.
“What is it, at this late hour?”
Eliza put her hands together and begged.
“Honey, this is our son. I don’t know what’s going on, but don’t put the kid in danger.”
“No need to worry. just… … It’s just a political issue. Don’t worry and go back.”
“How can I not worry? Don’t you feel guilty too? Don’t break her heart anymore!”
Orkamp’s impression was terribly crumpled.
“guilty? If we hadn’t abandoned the child, Kazura would have become a vassal of the Yakma. I would have been decapitated by the guillotine, and you, too, would have been made a plaything for foreign officials. Did you really want that to happen?”
Eliza shivered with a pale face. She knew better than anyone what happens to royalty who lose a war.
I never wanted to go through something like that.
Eliza went back to her room without a word. In the future, I will enjoy the same life as now. She had no intention of giving up the position of queen to get anything she wanted.
@
A village 14 kilometers away from the capital of Kazura.
Armin of Gwangan, the Eternal Reflector, was on a special mission while staying in the small town of Toshka.
Of course, the profession of a painter was still valid. Although he lost his eyes, the light in his orbit allowed him to see the other side of the world.
The charcoal passing over the drawing paper drew lines as rough as his emotions.
I didn’t like my hand movements today.
Since the spirit of the artist is bound to be included in the work, as the painting was completed, only a distraught mind stood out.
“Whoa.”
Armin stopped and put the charcoal down.
Due to the nature of his job, he comes into contact with information from around the world and also passes it on. In the eyes of the general public, the world seems to be submerged in silence, but numerous turbulences are forming under the surface.
‘Shirone… … .’
The person who has been talked about the most by those who are active in the abyss lately is, of course, Shirone.
Armin was happy when he started reading an article about Shirone in Spirit magazine.
I thought that the outstanding talent that I felt at the time was finally shining.
However, the moment I learned what the magic circle introduced in the article was, I was shocked.
I don’t know how Shirone acquired the ability of an archangel, but it was an event worthy of attention from the world’s heads of state.
And yesterday, I gathered intelligence that Shirone was invited by Kazura Kingdom.
Orkamp is the son he lost 18 years ago.
The veracity of the rumors could not be ascertained, but if true, the choice of Kazura Kingdom was excellent.
On the other hand, it was dangerous for Shirone.
The kingdom of Kazra was a country under the influence of Theraje, the head of the Valkyries and the empress of the Kashan Empire.
It was too huge a torrent for Shirone, an unfinished magician, to get caught up in.
“What are you doing? He said he’s busy today, but he’s not drawing.”
Keira came in with the side dishes she bought at the market.
On paper, she is a wife, but in reality, a watchman, she frowned at Armin’s pensive look.
“uh? huh.”
Armin hurriedly got out of his thoughts and picked up the charcoal, but he couldn’t escape Keira’s attention.
Even if she loses her senses a little, she is also a person active in the abyss. She must have guessed what Armin was thinking.
“… … .”
Keira waited for Armin to tell the truth without putting down the shopping cart.
But he was just stirring the charcoal as if nothing had happened.
Not knowing what he was thinking because his eyes were covered with a cloth was the second most irritating thing about Keira dealing with him.
“You’re not thinking the wrong way, are you?”
Armin’s hand froze. He frowned in displeasure as he turned to Keira and asked again.
“vagary?”
“I mean Shirone. Of course, you have to give, but it’s not our job to intervene. It is an order from the superior to wait until the Kazura Kingdom draws its own conclusions.”
Armin threw the charcoal at random and stood up.
“Kazura Kingdom is involved with the black line wizard. You know their skills better than anyone. Shirone is also an important figure for us. By the time a conclusion is reached, it will be too late.”
“That’s why it’s even worse. At the top, collisions with the black line are strictly controlled. Better leave it to the red line this time too.”
“It’s not that easy to think about. The reason they took Shirone… … .”
Keira’s eyes turned cold.
“Armin, I’ll say it again, don’t be rash. This is an order as a superior, not as a colleague. If you don’t follow my instructions, you will have no choice but to take out the oath of agreement.”
Armin closed his mouth and glared at Keira. When she disobeys her instructions, her loved ones get hurt. Of course, Siena was also included in the list.
Keira got goosebumps as the light eyes hidden inside the bandages emitted a cold light.
But I couldn’t give up.
They have been avoiding conflict with the Black Line for 40 years. Breaking the balance of power now would only lead to greater disaster.
Armin sighed and walked to the window to take in the view outside. Although winter had entered, the sun was still shining on the world with great power.
“… … Are you going to come out like this?”
“I can’t help it. That’s my job.”
Keira struggled to portray a calm voice. She also didn’t want to bully those who reached the ultimate in time magic as a sorceress.
However, the agreement oath is valid at the top. It was something she couldn’t decide, so she had to convince Armin by any means necessary. everything was for him
Armin nodded coldly.
“Is it your job to tangle me, to bind me, to restrain me?”
Keira put on a slightly unfortunate expression.
“okay! If you’re angry, you’d rather curse. I will accept any insult. But you can’t go anywhere until the order is given. That’s my job.”
Armin’s breathing hardened.
Feeling as if a wild beast was roaring, Keira hurriedly put her right hand into her bosom.
In a one-on-one match, Keira is at a bit of a disadvantage. But she had her believer side.
The oath of agreement held in the right hand could be invoked at any time.
“Whoa, you’re really doing too much.”
Armin let out a long sigh and ended the confrontation that seemed to dry up his blood. Then he walked over to the table and gently caressed the flowers in the vase.
A flower that was forcibly picked by someone and trapped in a glass bottle. Perhaps your situation is no different from this flower.
“Keira… … .”
Armin’s voice was melancholy. Kay also relaxed her expression and approached as if she understood his feelings.
“Armin, I’m sorry. but… … .”
“No one can hold me down.”
At that moment, Armin turned to Keira and said. Then he swung his hand and dropped the vase to the floor.
Keira’s gaze moved reflexively toward the vase.
‘Oops!’
I lost sight of Armin for a moment. By the time he realized that fact, the time force field had already been activated.
The vase that had fallen upside down stopped in the air, and Keira, unable to return her gaze, hardened like a doll.
Armin was nowhere to be seen in the frozen time.
(end of volume 11)
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 272 - 1. Hostile Friendly Relations (1) 4.txt
===============================
[272] 1. Hostile friendly relations (1)
The morning of the capital of Kazura was bright.
Shirone waited in the waiting room set up by the Inspection Department to take a paternity test.
It was not impossible to visit, but since it was a place that the nobles of Kazura paid attention to, no one came.
Once the paternity test is over, you can’t go back to your old life. What will your future be like?
“Whoa, I’m nervous for nothing.”
“Nothing to worry about. It’s a simple test.”
Shirone raised his head.
A tall, slim man stood there. He didn’t have a cold impression, but he was a man with an eerie sting.
A faint shudder ran through his nerves. It was the same feeling as when I first met Armin.
“No way, Unlocker?”
The man bowed politely in exchange for an answer.
“Your introduction is late. It’s called Arius. I’m in charge of His Highness Orkamp’s advisory.”
Shirone opened her eyes narrowly and set up a vigilant blade.
“What did that person come for?”
The waiting room is an enclosed space by human standards. It was never safe to be alone with a master who had infiltrated such a place without anyone knowing.
“I just want to meet you. Unlockers have something in common.”
Arius freely showed his temperament as if he understood Shirone’s feelings of trembling at the resonance.
“I have heard of Shirone-kun’s heroic story. Especially the Photon Cannon, I was impressed. Perhaps a cell controlling mass?”
Shirone’s tension rose. If the opponent was an enemy, it was not good to see his ability.
Arius raised both hands, showing no hostility.
“You don’t have to be too vigilant. It’s pure interest. You could call it a fan. For reference, let me introduce my ability… … .”
“Is it scale magic?”
“Oh, why do you think so?”
“This is a room that is blocked on all six sides. You can’t get in with only space movement magic. If you distort time and space at the same time, there is only scale magic.”
Arius readily admitted. It was also not a special secret among the wizards who worked on this floor.
“you’re right. More than half of unlockers are scale mages. Did you know this too?”
“No, I didn’t know that.”
It was the first time Shirone had heard of it. More than half of the unlockers were scale mages.
Well, in hindsight, Armin’s magic could also be called a kind of scale magic. Because time and space cannot be separated.
“It is not clear why there are so many scale mages among unlockers. I can only guess that it has something to do with Immortal Function’s tendency. In that respect, Shirone-kun’s batteries are quite unique. The ability to handle mass is extremely rare. I really envy you.”
“No, it’s not that great… … .”
Armin cut off his words by sticking his face in.
“I am stronger though.”
It was childish to say that it came from the mouth of a high-level wizard. But Arius didn’t care.
“I want to make sure of this.”
“Oh, of course.”
Shirone did not deny it. He was a skilled person hired by the king of a country, so he was a great senior to magic school students.
Then Arius tilted his head in surprise.
“what? Isn’t that too easy to admit? Too much humility is poison.”
“yes? no. I am just a student.”
“Of course, magic power is still lacking. But you never know what will happen if you cast Ataraxia, right?”
Shirone was taken aback. Ataraxia is the language of heaven. No one knew of it except for acquaintances, and even in academic journals, Killline used the term magic amplification.
‘This person has also been to heaven.’
Arius stared into Shirone’s eyes. As if he were trying to find a little fairy living inside his pupil. The corner of his mouth went up slightly after confirming that the keyword was properly imprinted.
“How do you know Ataraxia?”
“haha! Most wizards who have played on this floor for a while know. It is the organ of Archangel Ichael. Of course, it was shocking that humans could master it.”
“Then have you ever been to heaven?”
Arius nodded nonchalantly.
“Once a long time ago. But it wasn’t a particularly fun place for me. However, information is constantly being collected. Because humanity’s survival is at stake. We all owe a debt to Miro. She does, but thanks to her, she also became the greatest wizard, so wouldn’t she be unfair?”
Arius’ words came to Shirone, who only had thoughts of sacrifice for Miro’s choice.
“Is Mr. Miro the best unlocker?”
Arius smiled self-deprecatingly.
“Well, wouldn’t it? In fact, how do we know who is the best? But she did save mankind. And even now, we are staying in a different dimension that we cannot challenge. No mage born in this era will be able to overcome the maze’s stronghold. It’s unfortunate.”
Although it sounded cold, it wasn’t without reason.
Everyone should have a chance to make their dreams come true. Otherwise, this world that Miro protected with sacrifice would be as good as already dead.
“okay. But Miro-san also thinks so… … .”
“haha! Of course I know! Don’t take it too seriously. If it had not been for Orberg, the creator of turn undead magic, mankind would have been conquered by the Necromancers. It must be the physiology of magic that the first factor changes depending on the situation. Besides, there already existed the best wizard in this world that no one could surpass.”
“Are you the best wizard? Who is that?”
Shirone remembered the names of several people.
Kergos who established the theory of photonization? Ibris, the creator of the ignition magic Ignite? Perhaps it was Gloria who compiled the four-way system of the Spirit Zone.
“The greatest wizard in history… … Mackline Guffin.”
Shirone hit her knees in pity.
“ah! I knew!”
The wizard who installed the gate to heaven in Kergo Autonomous Region. I could tell from Ikael’s words how great a wizard he was.
“Who is Guffin?”
Arius scratched his head as if he was vague about answering.
“Hmm, I really don’t know. There are no records of guffins. Opinions are divided even as to whether he really existed in the world.”
“what? But the guffin… … .”
“yes. His achievements are all over the world. But all that remains are ruins. There are no historical records of real guffins. Even now, archaeologists roam the world looking for traces of guffins, but no record of any form has been found. Even folk tales.”
“How can that be?”
Shirone was puzzled.
Every human being always leaves traces of his life. It was normal for everyone in the world to know that even so-and-so without fame was enough to go down in the yard where the record came down through acquaintances.
“Whether Guffin is a real person is still a controversial issue in the academic world. Some scholars claim that he never had contact with intelligent life during his lifetime. However, there is another hypothesis that is currently in the limelight.”
The man called the greatest wizard in history evaporated without leaving any records. Shirone thought that maybe this was a great magic.
Arius raised a finger and said.
“Guffins existed in the world. But the hypothesis is that for some reason the world has forgotten him.”
When I heard those words, I had a memory that came to my mind. It was an anecdote heard from the heavenly fairy Peope.
Archangel Ichael is said to have committed an unforgivable sin. But the subjects of heaven do not know what sin it is.
It’s because Ankera erased his memory.
“Guppins definitely existed in the world, but now they are in a state of non-existence. In the academic world, this is called Guffin erasure, or reset.”
“If it’s a reset… … .”
“It is possible that Guffin simply expunged his name from the Akashic Records. But then the world must be a modified whole. But why do Guffin ruins still exist? The theory of reset suggests an answer to that. In other words, the world we experience has been initialized once at some point.”
To Shirone, who had not yet reached the depths of his intellect, Arius’ words sounded like the nonsense of a lunatic. Even so, the reason why I couldn’t change my mind was the tendency of the unlocker to fall into this kind of problem.
“There is a ‘crack field verification experiment’ as a representative evidence of guffin erasure. The total amount of time and energy in our world is subtly misaligned.”
Arius stretched out his ten fingers and pretended to hold the sphere.
“The Akashic Records as a whole are perfect. Therefore, this world cannot lose its perfection. But cracks can happen. A crack is a personality, not a deficiency. Scholars speculate that traces of Reset remain in the cracks.”
Shirone couldn’t believe it. However, if many scholars are serious about it, it was not an absurd story.
“If the reset is true, does that mean everyone in the world is living the same life a second time?”
“It will be like that. Don’t think hard. Time does not flow, it is perceived. Let’s say, for example, that humans began 10,000 years ago. Did today’s people wait 10,000 years to live today? no. They didn’t even wait a second. This is because time is recognized from the moment you are born. So, scholars cite déjà vu as evidence of reset. It feels like reliving what you’ve been through before. This is also a cognitive error caused by the brain mistaking the time before and after initialization.”
Arius raised his index finger and asked.
“Then, here is the problem. How could Macklein Guffin reset the world?”
The words automatically popped into Shirone’s head.
“Immortal Function.”
Arius nodded in satisfaction.
“That’s right. If you expand your mind endlessly, the ego dissolves. However, in any phenomenon, there is a critical point. If you can perfectly control the immortal function, you will be in such a contradictory state that it is both infinite and finite. In other words, it becomes a whole with a self.”
Arius’s explanation awakened a similar concept known to Syrone. To be whole with a self is, in other words, to have a self in everything. And the people of the world called such a being a god.
“okay. A man named Guffin… … .”
Shirone finally realized. Why is McLean Guffin the best wizard in the world that no one can surpass?
“yes. McLean Guffin… … .”
Arius said with a smile.
“He is an infinite wizard unprecedented in human history.”
It was the second time after Armin to hear that he was an infinite wizard, but the feeling of accepting it was much stronger.
At the time, I was ignorant of Immortal Function and the Akashic Records. But now, the process of how humans can claim the divine personhood has been vaguely drawn.
“I don’t know what era the Guffins are from. 100 years ago? 1,000 years ago? Maybe even before humans began. However, regarding the timing of the reset, the prevailing theory is that it was 18 years ago. As of that point, Guffin’s achievements are not appearing. Coincidentally, 18 years ago was also the year the time-space of the labyrinth was born.”
Arius talked about the possibility, but Shirone heard directly from Ikael that Miro was the successor to Guffin.
Also, if it was 18 years ago… … It was also the year he was born.
But I didn’t think deeply about it. Who is the only person who was born 18 years ago?
Arius checked his watch. With little time left for the inspection, it was time for him to focus on his original duties.
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 273 - 1. Hostile friendly relationship (2).txt
===============================
[273] 1. Hostile friendly relations (2)
He approached Shirone and asked for a handshake.
“I must go. I can’t be away for a long time. Shirone-kun is also an Unlocker, so knowing these things will help you work as a unique member of the magical society.”
Shirone quickly grabbed Arius’ hand.
“yes. It really helped me a lot. thank you.”
“haha! There is nothing to be thankful for. From now on, I intend to steal your Ataraxia.”
Arius smiled coldly, but Shirone couldn’t see his expression. for he was already asleep and dropping his head deeply.
High-level sleep magic cuts the target’s consciousness like a knife, making them unable to feel even the disconnection of mental waves. Even if Shirone’s consciousness was revived and clung to the memories that had been cut off, he wouldn’t feel anything strange.
“Shall we start soon?”
Arius is a scale magician who handles the mental system and uses a magic called Dive that penetrates the human mind.
Among the 12 levels of the human mind, it can penetrate anywhere except for the 12th level shell layer, which is the realm of intellect.
However, the environment inside the human mind was so dangerous that even 10 lives were not enough to dive recklessly.
So, most divers use a method of throwing a net on the surface of the water and extracting only the information they want, and keywords play a key role in that.
Arius, who unexpectedly injected keywords into Shirone to remind her of Ataraxia, turned around and warmed up before casting her dive magic.
Even now, the place where dozens of divers die a year is the human spirit, but like a magician of the 7 Magicians, he cast magic without hesitation.
“Dive. Ataraxia.”
As the breakaway spirit zone shrunk to an extreme scale, it infiltrated Shirone’s head. At the same time, Arius’ figure disappeared from the waiting room.
It wasn’t until about 5 minutes later that he reappeared. He was on his knees and his clothes were wet with sweat, like someone who had been in and out of water.
Arius caught his breath and stood up slowly. After looking at Shirone with a puzzled expression for a long time, he was about to move on when he heard the official’s voice from outside the door.
“Shirone-sama, the trial will be held in a while. Please join us.”
Arius giggled and clicked his tongue, activating the Scale Wizard’s proprietary flicker and disappearing from the waiting room.
“what?”
Shirone blinked and looked around.
I fell asleep for five minutes, but my consciousness was so neatly cut that it was like five minutes that did not exist.
In a state of consciousness that had been severed and then sealed, I could only think that Arius had suddenly disappeared while shaking hands.
‘You’re really new to it. Well, Armin-ssi was like that too.’
When there was no answer from Shirone even after a while, the official opened the door and came in.
“Shirone-sama, you have to come out now.”
“Oh, sorry. I will go now.”
Shirone followed the official into the courtroom.
The nobles of Kazura were seated in the jury, and two chairs were placed side by side under the judge’s seat.
Instead of evidence, various tools were lined up in the place where evidence was stored, and alchemists and wizards were checking them.
Shirone sat down in the chair on the right and waited for a while. Loud shouts were heard from outside the courtroom, and the door opened.
“His Highness Orkamp is coming!”
Amidst the nobles standing up and being greeted, Orkamp entered with a commanding stride.
He looked at Shirone’s condition without even paying attention to the other nobles. Arius must have already contacted him, but he did not know if he had succeeded in cloning Ataraxia.
“Let’s get started.”
Arius, who was sitting next to Shirone, gave instructions, and the judge proceeded with the examination.
The sorcerer drew blood from the two with a syringe.
The moment the needle was inserted into the king’s body, the judge’s atmosphere cooled.
After the blood was drawn to Shirone, the alchemist mixed the blood of the two species in a substance called oxtamine. When the beaker was shaken, the liquid changed from deep purple to transparent water.
The alchemist explained.
“Oxtamine-mixed blood will be kept under vacuum for three days. If the test is positive, the child is the parent, and if the test is negative, the child is not the child.”
When the alchemist handed over the blood, the judge placed it in an alchemy chest called the Caspian.
When the lid was closed, the air was released and turned into a vacuum.
It was perfect for inspections that required security because it would break if even a little air penetrated into it.
The judge raised the caspi and announced.
“This Caspian will go into the Vault and be placed in the Inner Garden. The royal guards will monitor it 24 hours a day, and any noble who has permission to enter the castle can check it at any time. However, crossing the access limit line is strictly prohibited. If a separate monitor is attached, the identity must be registered within an hour.”
Shirone nodded at the inspection department’s judgment.
If you expose the safe to an unspecified number of people, you can’t do nonsense because each other becomes each other’s watcher.
“With the above, we will finish the inspection of the first prince of Kazura Kingdom.”
The trial ended with the judge lowering the gavel.
Orkamp, like a busy man, left the courtroom without even saying that he had done a good job with Shirone.
Shirone, who knew Orkamp’s personality, didn’t care anymore. Rather, he was concerned about the fact that he hadn’t contacted Reina since last night.
As a legal representative, I know that you are hectic because you have to pay for all administrative work. And because of that, he was able to spend leisurely like Hanryang.
But isn’t that why you brought Amy? It was strange that no message had come, no matter how far away the lodgings were.
@
“Failed?”
Orkamp’s face contorted.
It was the first time I had heard it since I hired Arius. It was also something that should never have been said.
The reason he took the criticism and scouted the criminals of the black line was because he believed in his skills. But what about failure?
“sorry. I succeeded in casting the net, but I couldn’t replicate it.”
Divers bring concepts sunk in the depths of the unconscious to the surface through keywords, and this process is described as casting a net.
“What is the reason? Didn’t they say that if you just plant keywords, you will succeed unconditionally?”
“If it is a clone, it is still possible. It just doesn’t have to be.”
“Isn’t that necessary?”
Arius put on a bitter expression as he recalled the situation at the time.
“Ataraxia was encapsulated.”
“What is encapsulation? Is it a password?”
“no. Passwords are rules. Write 100 letters on a strip of paper that is 1 meter long. It is read by rolling it on a wooden block of a certain thickness and reading the letters reflected on one side. If the sentence is revealed, it is the password. So what about encapsulation? Write clear sentences on strips of paper one meter long. And then you throw it away randomly. There are no patterns, and you can’t solve them. What I actually saw was not ataraxia, but an information cloud with all sorts of information tangled like threads.”
Arius raised his index finger and continued.
“Then why is there no need to duplicate it? Keywords remind the opponent of a specific concept. For example, something like this. Apples are delicious. Then, an apology comes to your mind. But that’s the apology you think, not the perfect apology. The perfect apology is dissolved in the unconscious in a preverbal form. In the end, thoughts revealed through keywords are just shadows. Usually that’s enough, but when it’s encapsulated like this, it’s useless. If you clone an information cloud, it is just an information cloud.”
Orkamp couldn’t blame Arius. Because I understood. Also, to blame him would be to expose one’s own ignorance.
“Then what are you going to do now? We absolutely need Ataraxia.”
“First, let’s talk to Shirone. I guess I’ll have to look at Ataraxia myself to find a solution. What kind of information system is it, and what is the triggering principle? Only after that information has been gathered will I be able to speak. Of course, the door is installed so that you can go back in at any time.”
“It’s a demonstration of Ataraxia… … .”
Orkamp didn’t like Arius’ proposal.
Since Shirone is a clever child, there was a high probability that he had guessed that he had not been invited to the royal castle simply for a paternity test.
If the original purpose was brought out in such a situation, the wounds that Shirone would receive would be enormous.
If it’s to protect the kingdom, you can hear the stigma of being a mean father. However, he wanted to avoid a situation where Shirone refused to cooperate.
“Isn’t that too blatant? I’m sure you’ll doubt it.”
“Your Highness, it is a major event in which the first prince changes. The Theraze faction will also try to win within three days of the test results. If we don’t take advantage of the priority of negotiating with Shirone, the initiative will shift to Theraze.”
Orkamp pondered carefully.
Do you embrace Shirone to the end, or do you use him and throw him away? Either way, the sooner the better.
“If you’re going to do it, wouldn’t it be better to be grandiose?”
Arius responded with a cunning eye smile.
@
On her way to her parents’ quarters, Shirone stopped in the hallway on the second floor. An unknown official, the messenger of Zeon, was blocking the road. It was amazing how he found himself like a ghost in this vast castle.
“Shirone-sama, you should go with me.”
Shirone straightened her back and pulled her chin in.
I certainly wouldn’t call it fun, but avoiding it wasn’t a good option.
Rather than getting stabbed in the back of the head while running away, it was more effective to meet them in person and see how they reacted.
“Guide me.”
“It is also an excellent choice. Please follow me.”
The official took Shirone to the basement. Because it was a place where goods warehouses were concentrated, the floating population was extremely small, and the division was complicated like a maze because of frequent expansion work.
The place we arrived at was the outermost one, and there was a door that could be entered further from the wall.
It was not a room that originally existed.
“This is it. Please go in.”
Shirone pulled the doorknob without slowing down.
Contrary to the expectation that there would be a room, a square cave with a burning torch stretched out, and another door was installed 15 meters in front.
double entry door.
I don’t think I would have chosen this structure for fun, but I couldn’t come up with a convincing reason for that.
About halfway through the cave, the official slammed the door shut. It must have been to convey a message to someone.
Shirone, who had stopped in shock, took another deep breath and opened the second door.
It was an all white room.
It was all marble, not painted, and various items were displayed on the shelves along the wall.
I didn’t see anything particularly luxurious, but knowing Ji-on’s tendency, I felt uncomfortable.
Ji-on and Wu-rin were drinking tea at the table. Seeing Wu Lin relieved her a little, but she realized that even such a thought was dangerous and erased it from her mind.
“Come. what are you doing Come on in.”
Shirone couldn’t move his feet. Ji-on and Wu-rin were looking at him with mischievous eyes.
However, it was impossible to stand in front of the door all the time, so I stepped forward while being wary of all directions as much as possible.
At that moment, the floor suddenly collapsed and the body fell forward.
“Ugh! what!”
Shirone hurriedly raised his head. The floor was soft, so I wasn’t shocked, but when I heard Ji-on and Woo-rin giggling, I was embarrassed to the point that even my ears turned red.
‘What kind of floor is so soft?’
Crawling and crawling around, I touched the hard floor at a certain boundary.
“Are you okay, brother? I’m sorry for kidding you. But was it fun?”
Uorin came over and held out her hand.
Standing up holding her hand, Shirone looked back at the spot where he had fallen. There were no distinguishing features from other floors.
“What’s this?”
“It’s <mokomokoshin everywhere>.”
“Anywhere… … what?”
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 274 - 1. Hostile friendly relationship (3).txt
===============================
[274] 1. Hostile friendly relations (3)
Uorin scratched the floor where Shirone fell with his finger. The transparent vinyl peeled off and landed in her hand.
“braided! That’s it. Look at the floor again.”
Unlike when Shirone fell down when he tried to press it with his foot, the hardness of the marble that matched common sense came through. I tried knocking it with full weight, but it was the same as expected.
“Are you curious? With this, you can take a nap even on rocky ground. Even this is possible. Take a good look.”
Uorin walked over to the taller eagle sculpture and covered it with vinyl. Like a lie, the sculpture sank to reveal a flat floor.
She pressed down on her skirt and jumped up, smacking her butt. Her ass burrowed into her soft floor and her plump bouncing.
Her actions were childish, but Shirone looked at her seriously. I couldn’t figure out what could be causing this to happen.
It’s not science. It wasn’t even magic.
Shirone looked around seriously. I finally realized why the items in the room were not luxurious. This was the place where the most expensive things in the world were gathered.
Uorin smiled and said.
“that’s right. This is a place to collect objects.”
I expected it, but when I heard the words that came out of my mouth, I was in a realistic shock.
It reminded me of the objects on the surface that belonged to Mara Baalb in heaven.
I shuddered at the bizarreness at the time, but the shock now was on a different level.
‘You mean everything here is an object?’
Tableware is in the kitchen, books are in the library, etc. Arrangement is determined according to the function of the object. However, the items here were not arranged in random order, and there was no consistency in the order in which they were displayed.
At a rough count, there were about 50 or more objects on display. It was possible because the Theraze family ruled the continent.
While Shirone was lost, Ji-on approached. In his hand was the Spirit Journal.
The reaction was predictably cynical. He raised the corner of his mouth as if it were not the same, and said while holding a magazine.
“A genius wannabe wizard?”
Shirone didn’t even want to reply.
“Of course magic is a great power. I admit it. But, isn’t that kind of ability nothing compared to an object? The annual salary of a 3rd class archmage working in Kazura Castle is about 30 million gold. How many archmages can I hire if I sell one of these items?”
“What do you want to say?”
“No matter how brilliant a wizard is, in the end, it’s just a dog of the royal family. A ruler’s talent is not determined by magic.”
Zion held the spirit magazine at eye level with Shirone and dropped it. And he went back past Cirone, stomping through magazines as if he didn’t know anything.
“It would be nice, since I can become the first prince in three days. how is it? Do you feel like a king already?”
Now that the paternity test is over, it is clear that the nobles’ quarrel will become more heated. In such a situation, it was natural for Jion, the core of power, to check Shirone’s psychological state.
“I should have said that, right? I’m not interested. When the results come out, I will go home.”
“Huh, I guess so.”
Zion didn’t believe it.
Who in the world would refuse the king’s seat? Even if there is such a person, it is because he has not yet tasted the sweetness of power.
Power guarantees all kinds of pleasures that human beings crave.
Once he becomes the first prince, no matter how much character development Shirone is, her thoughts will inevitably change.
“There is no use in pretending to be aloof. Because this is the kingdom Especially for me, that trick doesn’t work.”
Ji-on snatched <Mokomokoshin Anywhere> from Urin and threw it on the floor.
“With one toy like this, I could buy the whole magic school you attend. In an instant, I will become your teacher. Your master will have to crawl between my crotches. But what? Not interested in the throne? Do you think I would believe that?”
Shirone realized that Jion is an extremely materialistic person. The reason he went to school was to gain the intangible value contained in them, not the visible things.
I’ve heard that <Mokomoko Everywhere> is played on a scale of 100 million, but just looking at it as a child’s toy, it was the same.
The ability of an object to break common sense could be worth as much as it was used.
For example, what if the safe containing the ‘spirit’s essence’ was concealed?
No matter how expensive the object is, it is not even worth bread compared to the essence of the spirits, which are only 17 in the world (fire 2, water 3, wind 5, earth 7).
Once equipped, it is said that its value exceeds the budget of a small kingdom because it can cast magic of that attribute as well as block 100% of magic of the same attribute.
After all, there are many people in the world who absolutely need it, and they will spare no expense to get what they want.
Theraje’s family could have bought it for fun, but it was just Zeon’s misunderstanding to think that the object was expensive simply out of a collector’s desire.
“I think it would be better to transfer <Mokomoko Anywhere> to someone else. No matter how good a book is, it is of no use to someone who uses it as a pot stand.”
“haha! That’s the privilege of royalty. good book? Even gold will be used as a pot stand.”
Shirone gritted his teeth and swallowed his anger. Since they were different from each other, they couldn’t agree on even the smallest things.
“it’s okay. I’ll go back when I’m done talking.”
Staying longer would only hurt my feelings, so I headed for the door, but Uorin ran up to me and pulled me by the sleeve.
“wait for a sec! I also have business with Shirone oppa. I have something I want to show you. Come this way.”
Shirone couldn’t firmly refuse if it was Uorin.
First of all, he was a conversation partner, and there were times when he supported himself among the arrogant royals. Above all, she was the daughter of Theraje, who had great power.
“Quickly, quickly. Come this way.”
When Shirone was taken away by Uorin, Ji-on laughed at him, but in reality his situation was not much different.
When Uorin said that she had business to do, she didn’t say anything and just followed her younger sister.
After sitting Shirone at the table, Uorin brought a small box.
It was a structure with a shabby rectangular wooden frame and a hemispherical interior. In the center, there was an arrow-shaped pointer with finger stains on it.
“This is an objet called <Everyday Gift>. I leave a present once a day.”
It is an easy word that even a child can understand, but Shirone felt that something essential was missing, as if there was no subject or object.
“Huh, isn’t it weird? At first everything is like that. Objects are objects that fall outside common sense, so there are many cases where it doesn’t make sense when you come across <Guidelines>.”
“That’s right. The weirdest thing is to leave it behind. who the hell It’s just a thing.”
“The <Guideline> has two meanings. First of all, gravity is required for <Leaving> to be established. Also, <going> is but not <coming>. Therefore, there must be a space that cannot be observed from inside or outside.”
Shirone realized why the entrance door here has a double structure.
It needed a third place where people would not pass by either inside or outside.
“<Gravity> and <No Observer>. If these two conditions are met, a gift is given once a day. If you look closely at the roulette here, it is divided into four colors, right?”
Shirone turned her gaze to the direction Uorin had pointed to.
It may have been quite old, but the paint had peeled off, but the brightness was different. The size of the area was different, and the letters were engraved on the inside. It was difficult to see because it was blurry, but it was clear that it was not the language of Tormia.
Uorin explained the four areas one by one.
“The letters written here are the language of the Gypsies of the Eastern Mountains. In translation, it is a simple gift, a gift that feels good, an excessive gift, and a miracle. As a result of measuring radian values, modest gifts account for approximately 75 percent, feel-good gifts for 20 percent, excessive gifts for 4 percent, and miracles for 1 percent.”
“Hmm… … .”
The fact that 75% of simple gifts are present means that the difference in gifts is quite high. I was looking forward to the excessive gift of 4% probability, but I was more curious about what the miracle was.
Since it can only be turned once a day, a simple calculation would take a miracle within 100 days. However, given the concept of probability, it could have taken much longer than that.
Shirone carefully pointed to the roulette pointer, lest it even touch her fingertips.
“Can I turn this arrow?”
“yes. That’s why I waited for my brother to come.”
“huh? me?”
“Take a look. I will give the gift from here to my brother.”
Shirone blinked at the unexpected words.
If he had as much wealth as Woo-rin, even the best gift would not attract him, but he wasn’t the type to readily yield to others unless he knew what was going to happen.
“Probability… … .”
In any case, it was an opportunity to directly experience the object.
Shirone also didn’t have any particular desire for presents. However, I was very curious about what kind of gift would come out.
Perhaps that is the value of this objet?
The excitement you feel while imagining a present.
In that sense, <Every Day Gift> was a play tool that understood human psychology very well. Unlike other gambling, there is no failure.
“At least a simple gift is guaranteed. Then can I try it?”
“Sure. That’s what I do every day.”
Uorin readily agreed and added an explanation.
“All you have to do is flick the tip of the indicator with your finger. As a result of the experiment, it was judged invalid if it did not rotate more than 10 times. That doesn’t mean you’re deprived of a day’s opportunity, so there’s no need to be nervous.”
“Oh, that’s right.”
Shirone’s eyes lit up with interest.
Why must it go more than ten laps? This is because if there is no limit on the number of revolutions, you can hit the whistle just by gently pushing the indicator.
‘It’s really strange. Even though it’s an object, there are rules at stake, like eating out.’
At that moment, a good idea popped into my head.
“This, maybe I can keep getting miracles.”
Then, Uorin’s eyes lit up like Shirone’s.
An eye to analyze an object from multiple angles is a prerequisite for an objet collector. In that sense, Shirone had the temperament of a collector.
“As expected, it’s different because it’s a wizard. You can adjust your senses and turn exactly 3,600 degrees, right?”
“that’s right. Or hire a professional gambler. If you feel the sensitivity of the roulette and adjust the power, you can always pay the same price.”
“Good idea. But unfortunately it’s impossible. I’ve already done it. I think the position is probably determined through a specific random number conversion when the roulette wheel is turned.”
“Hmm, doesn’t that mean <Everyday Gift> is manipulating the probabilities? The fact that the miracle is 1% may be a lie. Wouldn’t that be a fair gamble?”
If it is an object that gambles, at least the probability must be fair. Otherwise, there would be no need to have an interface to experiment with probabilities in the first place.
Uorin felt a strong sense of kinship with Shirone.
In fact, she had several other people play roulette besides Shirone. But she was mostly preoccupied with the gift she would receive rather than being fascinated by the nature of her object.
There were times when I saw him praying for an expensive gift to come out in front of the roulette wheel, and he got annoyed and left.
It is said that an object collector needs two things, one is an interesting object and the other is an audience who appreciates the object.
Zion sometimes finds decent objects, but he’s really bad at it.
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

===============================
Chapter - 275 - 1. Hostile friendly relationship (4).txt
===============================
[275] 1. Hostile Friendly Relations (4)
But Shirone was different.
In her opinion, <Everyday Gift> is meaningful in that you can feel the anticipation of the gift every day rather than the material value.
In that sense, Shirone’s propensity to explore objects had something in common with himself when he first obtained <Everyday Gift>.
“that’s right. That’s why I once invited a master of schema. He was a world-class professional gambler, although he cannot be named. I hit 10 times with the same force for 10 days, but the results were different each time. But I still see it as valid as a gamble.”
“why? Did you find any other characteristics?”
Ji-on couldn’t bear the boredom and yawned.
Of course, he knows that it is important to grasp the <guidelines> of an object.
However, such headaches can only be done by the lower ones. The royal family simply buys objects and enjoys them.
Either way, Uorin’s gaze was focused only on Shirone.
“It is because of the statistics. It’s been exactly 1,003 days since I got my hands on this roulette. In other words, 1,002 times except today. Among them, miracles came out twice. 823 simple gifts, 171 pleasant gifts, and 6 excessive gifts.”
Shirone understood what Uorin was trying to say.
“Aha, probability and statistics roughly match. If so, the variable should be considered fair. Maybe that variable is something that humans can’t control… … ?”
Uorin pointed at Shirone and shouted.
“Exactly! The fact that statistics follow probability means that there is no trick. Therefore, this objet still has value as a tool for gambling.”
Shirone rested her chin on her chin and was lost in thought.
Statistically speaking, fair rules exist. But even the world’s best gamblers couldn’t pay the same. Then, in the end, it was said that it is a variable that activates in an area that humans cannot control.
“Is it an extremely sensitive sensor, or is it uncontrollable with muscle strength?”
“yes. That’s what experts say too. They said it would be an error at the quantum level.”
It’s the quantum level.
Certainly, it was impossible to control the weight of electrons, which are lighter than atoms, with muscle power. In the end, it means that although it looks childish, it is an extremely precise object.
Shirone inspected <Everyday Gift> more closely than before.
From the outside, it just looked like an old antique. Crude wooden case. A miniature clown was smiling and childish pictures were drawn on the hemispherical surface.
Suddenly, I thought of the children in the gypsy village having fun playing roulette. Normally, it would be a heartwarming sight, but now I felt a bit creepy.
“If a miracle comes out, what kind of gift will you give?”
Wu Lin’s face hardened coldly.
“I can’t tell you that.”
Shirone stared blankly at her. Then she came back with a cute expression, sticking out her tongue as if she had never done that.
“Hehe, just kidding. It’s no fun if you tell me in advance. Ah, come back now.”
“Um, is that so?”
Shirone also stopped analyzing and prepared to go into battle.
I try to snap my fingers, but it is impossible to control with human power anyway.
Just leave everything to luck. Towards a childish future where only pleasure awaits.
“Then let’s begin.”
Shirone put her finger on the tip of the indicator and flicked it.
tyrriri. The arrow turned with a sound that could only be heard from a toy.
Uorin looked up at him with his eyes shining. Just this time, Zion seemed to be interested as well, so he crossed her arms and fixed her eyes on her roulette wheel.
When the indicator stopped, Uorin hit the table and stood up.
“wow! It is an excessive gift! This is a 4 percent chance!”
Shirone was so nervous that she couldn’t even feel the joy of winning at such a low probability.
The roulette ran exactly according to <guidelines>. What will happen now?
smart!
Shirone turned to the door at the sound of a knock. But no matter how long he waited, he couldn’t feel any more presence.
“come! Brother, get out quickly!”
Shirone walked quickly to the door. On the other hand, it took quite a long time to prepare the mind before opening the door.
As I pulled the doorknob, I saw a landscape of torches burning in a square cave.
Not even pretending to be popular, not a single fly flew around.
Shirone remembered <Gravity> and looked at the floor. There was a gift box decorated with a red ribbon.
A shudder ran down my spine when I saw the gift that appeared all at once.
This is an enclosed space. I didn’t even hear the first door open. So, who the hell knocked?
“Brother, show me quickly. I mean, I’m curious.”
At Uorin’s urging, Shirone took the gift and set it down on the table with a feeling of embarrassment.
Ji-on and Woo-rin pulled their necks out like turtles and examined them.
“It’s your brother’s, so let him solve it.”
When I pulled the red ribbon, the square bundle came loose by itself.
It was a romantic sight, but Shirone handled the gift with care, like an explosive.
“huh? What is this?”
The gift box contained a porcelain doll.
It was a three-headed girl with black hair that reached her ankles. Eyelashes were long, and jeweled pupils looked like real human eyes.
It wasn’t a particularly grotesque form, but Shirone felt disgust to the point that he didn’t even want to touch it.
It is said that the point where humans feel the most fear is the middle point between the unfamiliar and the familiar.
It was the same with porcelain dolls.
The proportions are messy and lifeless, but the hair, eyelashes, and eyes are the same as those of humans, which instills fear in the viewer.
Uorin, on the other hand, opened her eyes wide and showed interest.
“Oh, this?”
Unknowingly, Uorin, who had lost her hand to the doll, hesitated and looked at Shirone. She may feel burdened if you show interest even after you promise to give her a gift.
Shirone readily yielded. He honestly hated even looking at him.
“are you okay. I don’t know what it is, so take a look.”
Uorin carefully took out the doll, fearing that the surface might be cracked.
Ji-on followed it with his eyes.
He had no knowledge of dolls, but he couldn’t help but know that. It was her sister’s main collection, which she herself had sought out and saved.
“It’s El Crouch’s non-jointed jointed doll.”
“huh? El Crouch?”
Uorin pointed the doll at the ceiling light and looked inside the porcelain face. As expected, it was genuine with no traces of jointing.
Confident, she said belatedly.
“El Crouch is a doll maker. It is famous for not using glue. Only twelve items of Crouch’s belongings have been released, but they all have owners. I also own four points. In short, this is an unpublished work. If we put it up for auction, we will start with at least 100 million gold.”
“what? 100 million gold?”
Shirone’s eyes widened.
The cost of living for a commoner family in the Kingdom of Tormia for a year was approximately 100 gold. Furthermore, the poor Shirone’s house had to spend a year with 50 gold before entering the Ogent family’s butler.
Even compared to the income of a wizard, not a commoner, it was a huge amount.
The average annual salary of a wizard who has just entered the profession is about 4,000 gold, and even a certified 6th grade wizard does not exceed 200,000 gold. In short, it was money that Siena-sensei had to work hard for 500 years to collect.
From the 5th grade or higher, which is classified as a middle class, the annual salary varies widely depending on the skill, but considering that the annual salary of a 3rd grade great wizard in the capital of Kazra was about 30 million, 100 million was an amount that would make any noble look different.
‘Wait, come to think of it… … .’
The amount didn’t matter. How could an El Crouch memento be selected as a gift?
If it is the work of an artist, it is definitely an object that exists in the world. If you don’t give a gift after preparing it in advance, it can be said that you moved objects in a certain space in an instant.
“… … How is this possible?”
“It is an object. Excessive gifts judge the value of scarcity. Once, a deep-sea fish that looked like a human face arrived. but died right away There is no guarantee that excessive gifts are necessarily expensive. In that respect, El Crouch’s dolls are a great material advantage. I might sell this.”
Uorin looked at Shirone.
“Hey, that’s what I mean… … .”
Shirone could guess without hearing.
He said he had already collected four dolls. She was ugly to others, but if you were a maniac, she couldn’t be more lovable.
“Take it if you want it. This much can be given as a gift.”
“yes? Oh no! Until you need to! I was just going to buy this for 100 million. But I thought my brother would hate this kind of deal… … .”
He seemed to remember that on the first day he was invited to the royal castle, he lost his temper when Eliza offered to buy a castle for Shirone’s parents.
“haha! that’s right. I don’t need money. You can just take it. Objects are yours anyway.”
If it was 100 million gold, it was a waste of money even for Shirone.
However, if the subject of concession was Kazura’s supreme power, Uorin, it was worth giving up. No matter how good money is, it won’t be more expensive than your life.
As expected, Ji-on distorted his face.
How would you go about owing a debt to your brother and your rival for the throne? No matter how immature he is, this time his thoughts were too short.
‘No, is it really so?’
Suddenly, an ominous thought flashed through Ji-on’s mind.
Uorin is a younger sister who follows her brother’s words. Although she is Thera’s direct successor, she has never disrespected herself.
But today was a little strange.
It was Uorin who decided where to meet Shirone.
Of course, she likes to show off her objects, so her choice of the gallery is understandable. But out of all the many objects, why was it <Everyday Gift>?
‘Because it is the most probabilistic object… … .’
If Shirone were caught on a modest gift of 75 percent, there would be no problem.
But the result is an excessive gift of 4 percent.
In addition, the gift was a porcelain doll of El Crouch, which Uorin cherished so much.
‘Uorin is not an idiot who owes anyone anything. Maybe he was testing the odds on Shirone? If so, she is weighing me and you with poetry… … .’
Just imagining it made my throat burn.
Delusion. It’s a mere coincidence. You should think so.
When Shirone wins even with a 4% chance, what does it mean that it is not a coincidence that Uorin chooses <Everyday Gift>?
Besides, she is the daughter of Theraze. Even if you pretend not to know, you will not be without the ambition of the king. Even if Shirone liked her, she wasn’t enough of an empty-headed child for her to betray her biological brother, who held Kazura’s power.
“Ah, it’s really pretty. Thank you, sirone brother.”
As Shirone looked at Uorin, who was happy hugging the porcelain doll, she understood why her older brothers cared for their little sister.
But the happy smile soon turned to worry. No matter how much I thought about it, the object was not a normal object.
“Uorin, you better not play this roulette from now on.”
“huh? Why?”
Shirone looked at the <Everyday Gift> uncomfortably.
“It makes no sense. No magic can violate the principle of equivalent exchange. Even eating out of the rules is a kind of mental equivalent exchange. On the other hand, objects are so bizarre. If you keep getting gifts this way, you might end up paying the price someday.”
Uorin blinked for a moment and carefully placed the porcelain doll in the box. She then sat down in her seat, propped her chin on her chin, and flicked the indicator of the <Everyday Gift>, which had no effect.
“Hmm, I know what you mean. But nothing in the world is 100 percent safe if you put it that way. For example, there are more deaths from kitchen knives than objects.”
“But there are fewer users of objects than kitchen knives. There’s a difference between 1 in 10 dying and 10 out of 100 dying. You can’t just measure it by numbers. Besides, I heard that there are definitely people who die as objects, right?”
Uorin held out the <Everyday Gift> to Shirone.
“It was 240 years ago that this object first appeared in the world. And some of the people who owned these things actually died a miserable death.”
—————————————

=============XXXXX=============

