On the brink (4)

past midnight.

“Whoa.”

Amy, who relayed the order from the superior to each company, headed to the bathroom late at night.

My body was tired, but today might be the last day I can wash comfortably.

"cold."

When I took off my clothes, my downy hair stood on end from the cold chill.

The silence in the empty bathroom was unbearably empty, so she quickly turned on the tap.

'The number of enemies is 40 million.'

No matter how long the border line was, the number her troops would face was more than ten times that of their allies.

'It is arithmetically impossible to block. Are there any special strategies? or not… …

Is it the last stand of those driven to the edge of the precipice?

'This may be the end of me.'

Feeling the warmth of the warm water flowing down her head, Amy closed her eyes.

I heard the door open.

“Amy?”

Tess, a cavalry sergeant, was coming in wearing a bath basket around her waist.

“Tess, haven’t you slept yet?”

“I’m on duty today. You?”

"just… … . I can't sleep.”

Since Tess had been best friends since the military academy days, he could understand Amy's feelings.

'More than death, the fact that we might not be able to meet again is what scares me.'

I wanted to meet Ryan.

Tess, who turned on the faucet in the seat next to Amy, said as she was splashed with water.

“I will survive, for sure.”

"??????okay."

Tess turned her head to the red light that flashed in Amy's eyes and took a careful look at her naked body.

“I’m almost recovered.”

During Garcia's training, the burn scars never faded.

Fortunately, only a small scab remained on his shoulder now, and even that would fall off after a while.

“Thanks to Master. Although the training was difficult, he made me recover at the highest level.”

“Come to think of it, your skin is so white, isn’t it? If it's something like this, should I try it too?" Of course it was a joke.

Only the person concerned should have known the pain of skin peeling from repeated burns and recovery.

“Hmm, that’s it, right?”

Tess looked at Amy's smooth, watery body with sullen eyes.

Feeling terrified, Amy took a defensive stance and turned around to see Tess laughing sinisterly.

"don't do it. It's an order.”

“Whoops, now I’m going to beat you by rank, right? If so, then I have no choice but to use that method.” After washing away the suds at super speed, Amy ran for the exit with her bath basket.

“I’ll be out first!”

Tess smiled at Amy's back as she rushed away and relaxed her stance.

“To be naive… …

My heart was beating wildly and my stomach was rumbling.

'I can't relax.'

After standing in the water for a long time, Tess thumped the wall with her fist.

'Die.'

It will be a battle where you die with almost absolute probability.

'doesn't care. Killing even one more is enough.'

Ever since her father was attacked by the demons, she was determined to die on the battlefield.

'At least one person has to live.'

Amy.

'Rian, would you understand?' I didn't even need to hear an answer.

Kashan's capital did not dare to restore.

While building simple shelters in each district was all that was needed, Oh Dae-seong came to Sirone.

"We're going back to the ivory tower." said Minerva.

“Hell’s army is moving south, so it will be safe here for the time being. I am worried about Taeseong.”

Sirone also felt the power of Argantis, so she nodded without muttering.

"yes. I will finish and follow you.” Fried looked back at Lian.

'It's Mach's knight.'

area of ​​the fall.

True to the rumor that it handles the limit of divine transcendence, the power of the sword surpassed that of Freed.

“When you return, bring that swordsman with you. Because Tae-seong wants to meet you.”

When Sirone turned around, Lian immediately replied.

“Wherever Sirone goes, he will go.”

Just that answer alone made Oh Dae-seong feel like the ivory tower was under pressure.

"He's a funny guy."

Fried turned away with a rotten smile, and the rest left Kashan after him.

“What are you going to do now, Sirone?”

“I have someone to meet.” As Sirone turned to Aganos with a smile, a black shadow fell from the sky.

It was Yula, the leader of Poongjang.

“Sirone-sama, the Empress is calling.” Not paying attention to the change in her title, Sirone nodded her head and followed her.

Argantis' roots penetrated the underground facility of the imperial castle, and a huge tunnel was pierced through.

"You've killed a huge monster."

“It starts now.”

Yula bowed her head in front of the rusty iron door.

“Please go in.” Following a harsh sound, the iron door opened and Uorin was waiting in a shabby room.

“Welcome, Sirone.”

Contrary to expectations, it was a bright expression.

Kido was sitting on a cot in the corner with a bandage wrapped around his stomach.

“Hey, it’s been a while.”

"uh? How tall?”

She didn't expect him to be with Urin, so Sirone asked with a surprised expression.

"What happened?"

“It’s too long to talk about. Anyway, it seems like I got to ride the same boat with this woman.”

I turned to Uorin, but instead of explaining Kido, she offered me a seat.

"sit down. I called because I have something to tell you.” Sirone sat down on the sofa across from him, and Rian went behind him and stood up.

'Two apostates.'

No matter how strong a human being is, it is natural to be ruled by the social system.

However, with the two of them now, they were capable of dealing with one nation.

“Sorry for the shabby place. The situation is like this, so I can't help it.”

"are you okay. I'm glad you're alive.”

Uorin stuck out her tongue.

“Something was a bit embarrassing.”

Uorin was only that impressed at the time of kneeling to Harvits.

“This is what I did for you, Sirone. If a pretty girl like me dies, how much will she have to lose? And Sirone, you too should hug at least the empress of the empire in your lifetime.”

Sirone turned around.

“What about Gando?”

“I haven't woken up yet. To be pathetic. It won't affect your life, but I can't guarantee it.”

Then I felt a little reassured.

"don't worry. Because you are a strong person And you are safe too. From now on, we must rebuild Kashan.”

Wu Lin laughed.

“As I live, the day will come when I will receive sympathy from you.”

“No, I mean… …

"know. But I'm Kashan. Besides, the temple remains. And I like things like this. The more difficult the problem...

Uorin crossed her legs and smiled.

“The pleasure of conquering is also great.” He was so confident that he was proud of himself, but it was a hundred times better than his depressed appearance.

“But the Empress of Kashan will quit.”

Sirone's eyes widened.

“Are you quitting?”

“Because there is no advantage. To be honest, I knew that since the <Law Killing> project failed, the era of Theraze's control had ended.”

Urin shrugged.

"me : yes. maze. Sirone. Gaold. Oh, and now to Lian. They are the ones who have reached the highest level with their own philosophies. But I can say with certainty that the strongest human at the moment is Havitz.”

It was an era of atrocities.

“The fact that good triumphs over evil is possible only in the history that has been wrapped up. People love stories of heroes. A hero who achieves victory over the setbacks he can handle and the adversity he can handle. There is no truth in it. In fact, no one wants to know the truth.”

Theraje, the oldest of mankind, wrapped up the history of the Empress in that way.

“But now it’s too much. There's no way to wrap this crazy world. All we have left is the terrible truth, not history.”

Uorin pointed at Sirone.

“Shall I tell you the truth I see?”

Sirone waited patiently for an answer.

"It's over, Sirone. Good and evil, no matter who wins, the story of a beautiful hero is no longer written. What remains is each person's despair, remorse, anger, and... …

Uorin said with her eyes shining.

“It is a pain.”

“Quaaaaa!”

Deep in the mountains of the Southern Continent, Gaold's screams resonated terribly.

“Aww! Aaaaaa!”

It was already the 2nd day.

He hadn't even fought a battle, but now he was in great pain just because he was alive.

"mister! are you okay?"

Gangnan shakes her face with tears in her eyes, but Gaold's face only gets more distorted.

"it hurts. it hurts... …

A voice leaking out in an unconscious state.

His hair was washed white, his eyes completely turned inside out, and he twitched while biting crab foam.

It was a scene that Jiangnan had witnessed dozens of times in the south.

“Quaaaaaa!”

Gauld crawled across the ground on his face as the pain knew no bounds.

Ten fingers raised to their feet frantically scratched the ground, but no one could bear the pain for him.

"die??????

Tears flowed down Kang Nan's cheeks.

“I'd rather die! I mean just die! What are you doing living like this any longer!”

Miro was resentful.

“Let’s go to Zion right now! kill them all! Let’s do whatever we want and finish it!”

"maze. maze... …

Is that the only thing I can say besides saying I'm sick?

“You stupid bastard!”

Gangnan climbed onto Gaold's chest and tightened Gaold's throat with both hands.

“You are being taken advantage of! How does that woman know how sick you are? Does she even know one in a billion?”

“Turn it off… …

I couldn't bear to break my neck.

"I'd rather end it."

Kang Nan, who relaxed his hands, hugged Gaold's face and shed tears.

"just… … let's die Die with me.” Ga Old's breathing gradually began to stabilize, but he did not return to consciousness.

"please please… …

Zulu was watching Gangnan, who was crouching in a circle and trembling, with indifferent eyes.

"pain."

Uorin nodded at Sirone's words.

"okay. On this side of the beautifully packaged history, the pain that humans do not want to face is omitted. The reason I give up on Kashan is because I don't want to turn away any longer. More precisely, it is because I love you.”

“Uorin, I… …

“Listen to the end. It's not like I'm asking you to hug me right now.”

Sirone shut his mouth.

“From now on, I will be a woman, not the empress of Kashan. Nothing will change anyway. Eventually you will accept me.”

“How can you be sure?”

Sirone, who knew how wide Theraze's sketch was, couldn't pass it over.

“Because you will never be able to surpass me.”

“Sprout.] It’s sprouted.”

Behind Nane, who was looking down at the green sprout, Shura with a towel on her head approached.

"okay. It has sprouted.”

I didn't speak for a long time.

"Please. What do you think?"

“I think it is beautiful.”

Did the monster of the Ten Commandments become your wife after skin-to-skin with me?

Shura smiled.

“Which flower will bloom? No, will the grass grow?”

“Beautiful things are not flowers. That I planted something here. That heart.”

Shura listened.

“Gaold's pain, Sirone's philanthropy, and this world must have all sprouted from one heart after all.”

It starts with planting the heart.

"why'?"

A golden aura rippled from Nane's back.

“If it hadn’t been planted in the first place, it wouldn’t have existed.”

Shura stepped back several tens of meters as she dug up a hole in the soil with both hands and ripped out the sprouts.

“Boo, Buddha… …

will you wake up again?

“Obsessed, tormented, wandering in search of happiness in illusions that don’t exist!”

The moment Nane crushes the buds.

'has disappeared.'

The energy of the Buddha was extinguished.

“Nevertheless, the reason why it is so beautiful...

When Nane slowly removed her hand, the sprout was preserved intact.

“Because I planted it.”

Nane said, putting the sprouts back in the place where they were scooped out and gently covering them with soil.

“This is the last problem in this world, Shura.”

almost reached

“It is the only thing I will surpass.” Shura, her tension released, slammed her on the buttock.

continues in the next volume