[712] What do you get? (One)

The laws that flowed into the lowlands formed layers from the basement of the labyrinth like liquids of different densities.

The entire floor was the 7th floor, but there was no way for Nane to know that fact.

Another question popped up in Nane's mind as he gazed at the landscape embodying extremely human suffering.

'What is a human being?'

The things committed on the first basement floor are perhaps the most powerful violence that can be inflicted on human dignity.

“Aaaaaa! Please stop!"

The monks who followed the will of goodness, the wizards with cool-headed reason, and the swordsmen of faith were all screaming.

'Why am I suffering?'

The irony of this world was the sight of humans struggling in a man-made hell.

'In this empty world that disappears when you close your eyes.'

“Keuk, it’s been a while since a new recruit came in.”

The inhabitants of the other side of the world living on the first basement floor of Pytharos waddled around with excited faces.

There were no intact limbs as if a stuffed toy had been sewn together, and it was holding an ugly hook.

The tool, which was used in a butcher's shop to dip and pull meat, was faithfully performing its role in the flames everywhere.

“Welcome, human. I will destroy your spirit.”

Nane did not know the language of the inhabitants.

The meaning of language disappears when you know exactly what to do and the logic of the world.

“Send the poor sentient beings outside.”

The villagers, who had long enjoyed human voices, understood Nane's words.

"outside?"

Residents stuck out their tongues and burst into laughter.

“This is a very interesting toy. Do you know what those guys who said that ended up saying?”

A villager with bulging eyes imitated a human.

“Please save me!”

The villagers held their navels and laughed, but Nane just calmly moved on.

“Will there be the truth I seek at the end of hell?”

La Enemy was supposed to be waiting for Nane in the deepest part of Pytharos.

“Isn't it also a karma given to me to save them from the man-made human hell?”

The inhabitants of the underworld held out their hooks.

“If you can hold on, I will let you go. But I assure you, you too will beg for it with tears of blood.”

“There is no pain I don’t know about.”

Someone raised a hook and slammed it on the back, sparks in Nane's eyes.

'Why were you born?'

Destiny, the wheel of the law.

'What is beyond the gigantic reincarnation?'

Kar value 99.999%.

* * *

After entering Jessica's pyramid, Seong-eum and the others looked up at the ceiling with floating clouds.

“There is a sky.”

It was an artificial sky.

Mungyeong, the leader of the three treasures, pointed to the endless horizon and said,

“It is a very large place. Rumors are not exaggerated.”

To a giant it was just a city, but by human standards it was the size of a kingdom.

“Size is meaningless to me.”

To Jin Seong-eum, who realized etheric waves, space was like an infinite rubber band that could be stretched and shortened at will.

“Is there really La Enemy here?”

"Does not matter. You can search the whole world.”

As long as Ra Enemy existed, it would eventually appear before her eyes.

“If you look at the city of giants, it will be enough… … .”

As the voice focused his mind, waves of ether were transmitted and numerous objects were sensed.

“First look at work.”

Etheric wave-chukji.

As the scenery in front of me was crumpled, a distance of nearly 4 kilometers was pushed in front of my eyes in an instant.

“What are you guys doing!”

Outside the boundary line where the two landscapes met disparately, a group of people drew their weapons and glared at the voice.

Arriving at Jessica's first base camp with one step, she looked around and said.

“I am Jin Seong-eum, the princess of the Jincheon Empire. From now on, Jessica will be occupied by me, so I ask for your cooperation.”

The Hunters who were encamped blinked their eyes while the Sambo's Royal Guard waited for an answer with a solemn expression.

“Princess? Jincheon Empire?”

The leader of the hunters shook their shoulders.

“Quack. Guys, have you heard? It's the princess, the princess.”

Of course, it's not that I didn't believe Seongeum's words, but in Labyrinth Jessica, the outside title didn't matter at all.

“Hey, stupid princess. Do you know where this is? No, do you know how many guys we killed in one year to take over this base camp?”

At the place where Seongeum turned his head, the ashes of 200 people were piled up like a mountain.

“I regret that.”

"what?"

“My destination is the end of the labyrinth. It has nothing to do with you who are sluggish in a place like this. tell me what you know Then I will pass quietly.”

“I’m going crazy, really.”

Even if you don't have to think of the hunters' saying that 'information is almost everything', there is such a thing as commercial morality.

“Guys, I need to warm up after a long time.”

Sambo's soldiers, sensing the Hunter's murderous intent, took out their weapons, and Seongeum spread her hands to the side and moved forward.

“Don't interfere. This is my fight.”

That was the condition, and the hunters who grasped the gap in Sambo's hesitation jumped at Seong-eum and swung their swords.

“Die, stupid woman!”

Dozens of swords swung like flashes.

“Gagging!”

At the same time that the slashing was over, all Hunters except for the leader's head fell off.

“Uh, how… … ?”

The leader couldn't believe it even after seeing it with his own eyes.

The sword that was supposed to cut the voice suddenly disappeared, appearing from behind each of them and cutting their own throats.

'Invincible.'

These were the words that popped into Mungyeong's head.

'If space is bent, any attack is useless. The person who will unite the world is the Jin Seong-eum of Jincheon.'

Seong-eum, who had dealt with the hunters, moved to the leader who was trembling with a pale face.

“Tell me what you know.”

“Hee!”

“If you honestly share the information, your life will be spared.”

The leader inspected the bodies of his slain comrades and spoke with a resigned expression.

“This is the remains of a giant.”

According to their research, Jessica is made up of 10 zones that spread like concentric circles.

“The scale of the structure grows as you cross the boundary. From step 6, it is said to be smaller again, but I have not confirmed it. However, the quality of the ancient weapons excavated will be significantly higher.”

“Ancient weapons are out of the question. However, the 10 districts seem to represent the sake of an anecdote.”

“Maybe.”

It was only natural that Ymir, who was the only person in heaven's history to break through level 10, would come to mind.

Seong-eum passed by the leader and said.

“As promised, I will spare your life.”

The relief of having lived was short-lived, but seeing the decapitated comrades made me realize that I had lost everything.

'These beggars! If I leave alone, are you telling me to be beaten to death by your family?'

They went through countless battles over the course of a year and built trust that was deeper than that of their brothers, but they didn't mean to be funny, and they killed themselves by killing themselves.

'I'm going crazy!'

The swelling was dense.

'Yes, hold on! How did you save your life! Just tolerating it like garbage... … like maggots... … .'

The sword that fell on the floor held out the handle as if tempting, and without realizing it, both feet kicked the ground.

“Should I live?”

The moment when the leader flew over the top of Seongeum's head and put his soul into the sword and slashed it down vertically.

Ether Wave - Nagok.

As the space refracted, the central part of the blade contained in it curved high like a mountain.

“… … .”

The leader, who landed on the floor with a sword-swinging posture, trembled as he caught the blade that had bent to the height of Seongeum in his eyes.

“Damn it… … ! this… … What the hell!”

He wept sadly as he waited for the dog's death.

“Are you resentful because your colleagues died?”

As Seongeum slowly turned around, the leader lifted up his tear-stained face.

“Kill!”

"no."

Seongeum sat on one knee in front of the leader and gently touched his head.

“Live.”

The leader's face darkened.

“I said I would not kill you. Whether you seek revenge or devote your life to revenge, I will not kill you. That is the princess of Jincheon, Jin Seong-eum.”

Jin Seong-eum is the only person in the world who can promise never to kill, no matter what harm is done.

'How tall is this woman?'

Seong-eum, who got up again, sensed the next boundary with an etheric wave and cast Chukji.

Space was pushed again, and a second step was taken to explore Jessica.

Watching the scenery return to its place like a rubber band bouncing, the leader washed away the resentment in his heart.

'Revenge is... … .'

I couldn't even dream.

* * *

Labyrinth Andre - World No. 847.

Arriving at a city called Codename, Sirone is being pursued by countless people with numbers engraved on their foreheads.

“An innumerable number of people! Catch it!”

Some of the 19,000 worlds seemed to evolve independently, uninterrupted by other worlds.

And the codename was a world of perfect inequality.

“How dare you reject number 427,621!”

All human beings in this city are assigned a number according to their value from birth, and no two numbers are the same.

In other words, all humans from the greatest No. 1 to No. 427,620 are distinguished by superiority and inferiority.

'What a crazy world!'

Those armed and chasing after them had code numbers of 230,000, which corresponded to the middle class of the city.

After teleporting, Sirone climbed onto the roof of a brick building and jumped down an alley.

The beggar who was leaning against the wall looked at Sirone's forehead in surprise.

“The code… … .”

It took a short time, but Sirone checked the beggar's forehead to see if he had adapted to this world, and saw the number 417,631.

“You bastard! A bastard inferior to me!”

The beggar pulled Sirone's clothes.

“Give it up! it's all mine! Give me something to eat! And work for me in the future! Bring the money and give it to me!”

At that time, the pursuers who heard the beggar's voice occupied the alley with their armor rattling.

“There it is! Catch it!”

“Hee! 230,000 times!”

The frightened beggar fell flat on his face and bowed his head.

“Please save me! I am a lowly beggar! Please don't kill me!”

As Sirone adjusted her collar and ran through the alley again, the pursuers followed after her, not paying attention to the beggar.

'What is the replacement number?'

According to my research so far, numbers are absolute in this city, and even murder is not a crime.

However, in special cases, a new number can be given, and that is exchange and acquisition.

An exchange is an exchange of numbers between a superior human and an inferior human, usually determined through a duel.

Acquisition was far more extreme, it seemed, that an inferior man could register with the authorities as beheading a superior man.

'If we run away like this, there will be no end.'

In this place, Musuin was a sin just by existing, and everyone who saw Sirone turned on the light in their eyes and rushed.

“Get out of the way! Move!"

The reason why they couldn't escape easily was because of the strange ability used by the residents of the code name.

'I can't feel the Spirit Zone... … .'

As the knights leaped high into the sky and threw flames at Sirone, a pillar of fire soared from the ground.

“You fool! If the higher up gets hit, what are you going to do, shoot the fire!”

"sorry! Please save my life!”

Shirone sneered at the nonsense that wasn't even funny and threw herself away when the door of the store suddenly opened.

"this… … !”

Armand's body strengthening ability stopped hastily, and the girl screamed in surprise.

"It's a surprise! what?"

Although the rules of the code name were annoyed by Sirone, she couldn't stop her eyes from moving to her forehead.

'I'm really going crazy!'

The number 97 was written on his tall forehead.

---------------------------------------