Even if it's an illusion (1)

A magic trick that melts humans into giants with a black elixir, the magic of anecdotes.

The first purpose was to dismantle the Ultima system that challenged the authority of God.

Due to the nature of the technique, the development of technology depended on the quantity rather than the quality of the experiment, and the number of Gaians decreased for a very long time under the leadership of Kariel.

“Move quickly! It is a sacred ritual! It is to wash away the sins of the law and be born again with a new life!” The Maras pressed on, but Ilhwa's drunkards moved on, neither slow nor fast.

None of the Gaians produced offspring, and now they were the last 100 remaining.

From today onwards, the sake of anecdote would proceed through a new human race called subjects.

A truly historic day.

Ikael watched from a distance the Gaians walking towards the bronze giant.

There seemed to be no resistance or resentment.

I know why.

It must be because the more they accept Guffin's will, the clearer they become who is truly close to God.

'But it's in vain.'

Ikael's asteroid emitted a dry light.

'I am the only one in the universe who knows about the meeting between Ankera and Guffin.'

As long as she keeps her mouth shut, no one knows, and then it's as if she doesn't exist.

'Foolish humans, why don't you know that this is a meaningless struggle?'

Satiel shouted from the center of the plaza.

“Stop drinking Ilhwa! You've already done enough! Please let us carry on as long as Gaiain lives!”

As giants, fairies, and subjects appeared, the ranks of heaven were subdivided, and the ranks of archangels pierced the sky, but no one paid any attention to her words.

It wasn't that he was turning away, but that his ears had already been nailed in and they were automatically muted.

'It's okay. Do you still believe in humans?' Ikael had never intervened once during the drinking of the anecdote.

I thought it was the same today.

'It's just that 100 humans disappear and 5 giants are born.'

Giants who have lost their ego return to Jotunheim with a new law.

'With this, Gaia's history will disappear forever.'

forever.

Ikael's nerves were on edge, as if a magic spell had been cast on the word last.

'Disappear?'

All Gaians who knew the Guffin disappeared from heaven.

The moment when the thought that I would never be able to ask or hear about Guffin again stuck in my mind.

“Aren’t you afraid?”

Before I knew it, Ikael was talking to the subjects of the anecdote.

“Chief Angel!”

The Maras were stunned by something that had never happened in the history of heaven.

And hurriedly opened the way, but Ikael approached Gaiain without even turning his head.

“You know what it means to be a giant? Your minds are crushed and crushed and disappear without a trace. And the new law will be written on the blank page.” It was an eerie word, but Gaiain did not reveal even a change in emotion.

That fact made me even more angry.

“How about saying something? Isn't that great, and also the last Gaiain? Aren't you really afraid? Or are you resentful? what are you guys...

An old man interrupted Ikael.

“The weather is nice. On a day like this, I have to hang the laundry.”

Ikael's eyes widened at the absurd sound coming out of the mouth of a man who was about to die.

“What do you mean?”

“What do you mean?”

The old man turned to Ikael.

“I just answered meaningless chatter with chatter.”

Ikael's lips trembled as he understood what he meant.

“Are you talking about the heart? All right, I'll tell you. That is an illusion and an error. Guffins are scammers. Can you tell me where he is and what he is doing?”

The old man clicked his tongue.

“You’re out of your mind.”

Life blossomed from Ikael.

"what? How dare an insignificant human being scorn the archangel?”

However, the old man apologized meekly as if he was troublesome to deal with, and hastened his steps.

“Okay. I'm sorry.”

"wait!"

Ichael caught his foot.

“This is a matter that cannot be overlooked! It deserves to be punished apart from Anecdote's sake!”

"ha."

The old man let out a sigh.

“What the hell do you want to hear from me?”

Ikael's eyes trembled as he continued to speak, and his mouth closed.

“Are you curious about guffins? alright, let me tell you Like you said, Guffin is a trickster. Are you satisfied now?” Ikael was silent.

“Or should I say this? Guffins are not cheaters. never be that kind of person Will this make you feel better?”

I had no choice but to be silent.

“Stop playing with words and do your job well. Come to your senses, you archangel.”

Human rudeness no longer entered the mind.

“Guffins to me… …

"no no."

The old man shook his finger with a sad expression.

“Wrong. To me, a guffin is what should be called.”

"no."

Ikael's voice trembled.

“I didn't say anything. You said you were going to leave like this, but you didn't say a word to me.”

The old man looked at Ikael with deep eyes.

“Have you ever spoken to him?”

"that… …

Just as Ikael was about to open his mouth, the old man spoke first.

“Yes, to explain, there is no limit. There must have been a reason. Because of a complicated situation, or because you are afraid that you won't get the answer you want. If, after all, it was difficult to speak for all those many reasons.”

The old man, lost in thought for a moment, spoke.

"Wouldn't the guffin do the same?" Shocked as if his soul had been drained, Ikael opened his mouth in a daze.

“Why do you think only you were having a hard time? Why don't you think that others exist? The essence of the Ultima System.”

The old man put his hand on his chest.

“It means that other people have the same heart as me. So the hard thing for you to do is... …

The old man smiled sadly and shook his head.

“It’s tough even for guffins.”

Ikael's whole body was trembling, and he couldn't stop his upper body from shaking.

“That’s why I don’t express it as throwing. heart is thrown It may come back, or nothing may come back. So, as you said, it may be an illusion. but."

The old man spit out as he followed the procession.

“Are you cool inside?”

After pondering his words for a while, Ikael came to his senses and held out his hand.

“Ah, there… …

“Don’t step out.”

said the old man firmly.

“It's something I chose for myself. Whatever Guffin did, I judged and chose.”

Gaians know what is right.

"You're a cheater."

The old man who arrived in front of the bronze statue raised his head and burst into laughter.

“Puhahaha! I heard a great joke before you go!”

He couldn't stop laughing until the liquid of the black elixir filled the glass globe.

It was the heart that chose death without a single doubt in Ikael's eyes.

Like Ikael's heart, the moon waxed and tilted countless times.

Ikael's shoulders trembled as he crouched down in his dorm and cried endlessly.

“Huh!”

fear.

I imagined being crushed between two huge laws dividing this world.

“God, what should I do?”

You have to throw your heart out.

And the price could have been the loss of everything, including the disappearance of Ikael.

-You're cool inside.

The old man's words were indeed a comfortable sound, but on the other hand, it seemed that there was no better expression than this.

It seemed crazy.

How much time had passed, many archangels visited to report the agenda decided by Baekkyung.

However, Ikael, whose head was filled with the conflict between the alternatives, could not remember well.

“Huh!”

Then one day, an impulsive conviction rushed in, as if someone else had injected an idea into it.

“?????Guffin.”

When she came to her senses after muttering involuntarily, she was already flying towards the sanctuary of Arabot.

'Open the door!'

The act of opening the door of the sanctuary at once was because breaking his will was more fearful than extinction.

“Ikael, what happened?”

Ankera opened her huge eyes and looked up, but Ikael's gaze turned to the floating guffin.

"iced coffee."

Tears welled up.

“Answer me, Ikael. I wouldn't have allowed you to enter this place?”

The moment I share a word with Ankera, I think the future I want will change.

Ikael flew right away and cut Ankera's nerves that were connected to the Guffin.

Bloodstained in Anchera's eyes.

"you… … !”

Consequences not in the law.

The first physical shock inflicted on the absolute being even made Ikael's mind go mad.

“Ichael!”

“Huh!”

Grinding her teeth and enduring the sharp noise that shook the sanctuary, she left Arabot at full speed.

'far! further!'

There is no place in the universe to escape Ankera's eyes, but the place she was looking for was not a physical distance, but a place where she could find peace of mind.

Discovering a mountain range reaching 6,000 meters above sea level, she immediately fell down and entered a mysterious cave.

As the starlight dispelled the darkness and laid Guffin on the ground, his eyes gradually returned to focus.

“Guffin!”

Ikael's voice was as desperate as he risked everything to get it back, but Guffin couldn't come to his senses easily.

It was only natural that it had been ruled by Ankera for a great number of years.

“Here… … where?"

At the sound of Guffin's voice that finally leaked out, Ikael hurriedly supported him.

“Are you out of your mind? It's me, Ikael. Do you understand?”

Guffin's open eyes partially traced Ikael's face.

“… … Ichael?”

Ikael barely restrained himself from bursting into tears.

"okay."

“Why are you… … me… …

Guffin's words stuck like thorns in her heart.

I wanted to ask.

Why didn't he tell the truth, what was the deal with Lucifer, and why the kiss at that time was nothing.

“Guffin??????

Ikael stroked Guffin's cheek gently.

"buy??????

Tears of light flowed down her cheeks as she slowly let out a sound.

"love."

throw your heart

"I don't care what you were thinking. Because I love you. i want to connect with you It can't be without you.”

may not come back

Ikael lowered his head and closed his eyes as if he had already given up on everything.

“Hmm.”

When he raised his head again, the guffin was smiling faintly.

“Out of 100 points… …

Even though he wasn't fully conscious yet, Guffin spat out in a clear voice.

“It’s 100 points.”

Ikael's face blushed, but he smiled bitterly with self-respect.

“Is that your answer?”

Guffin shook his head slowly.

"no. That's not polite.”

Then, struggling to get up, he put his face in Ikael's ear and whispered.

"I love you too."

Electricity flashed in Ikael's eyes.

“I can’t say since when, but I wanted to connect with you too. really eagerly.”

Ikael, who had been crying, couldn't control his emotions and burst into tears.

'iced coffee. Ahhh.'

What connects the heart and mind.

'How wonderful.' Anchera, my God.

'sorry.'

Even if the mind disturbs the law, even if all of this is an illusion.

'I have this misunderstanding... …

A smile as pure as light bloomed on Ikael's face as he hugged the guffin.

'It's so good.'