Dark Organization (2)

said the manager.

“Managers are non-players. It belongs to the parent, but it is part of the system. Therefore, emotions are also a system. If you get an edge at Crime Dice, you can convince me.”

If the human mind is probability, the manager's mind is the probability of the law.

“However, the method of persuasion differs depending on the personality of the manager. There are various personalities such as honesty, cool-headedness, positivity, and criticism. In my case, it belongs to the positive. If the number of crime dice is high, I will be persuaded.”

“Is it enough to win just once?”

“Even with the same personality, there is a difference in degree. In my case, one defeat shows a 40% emotional change. If it exceeds 100 percent, persuasion is complete.”

It ended with a simple three-game winning streak.

'Sirone will at least win a draw. Then the remaining two are the key.'

Sirone asked.

“What are we responsible for?”

“If you attempt persuasion, 1 million crime points will be deducted for each die roll. also… … Currently, your crime points continue to decrease.”

Iruki confirmed.

“About 10,000 points missing. It seems to be a device to prevent stealth strategies on the inside track.”

“Even so, this is a place where criminals cannot enter. Even so, they respond to you because crime points are deducted. If your crime points reach 0, I will change my personality to hostile and call the guards.”

added the manager.

“This is a rule that applies to all administrators under the royal castle in Melkidu. If you run into guards outside the track, your crime points will be deducted.”

Sirone asked.

“The crime points required for persuasion, that is, the points for rolling the dice, are different for each manager, right?”

"yes. Depending on the personality and degree of personality, the points deducted are set differently.”

Sirone turned her head.

"it's okay. Let's go out at once.”

After escaping from the system department with her friends, Sirone suddenly stopped walking.

“I get it roughly.”

" what?"

“A hidden mission. I think I got a feel for how the buying program works.”

Sirone raised her index finger.

“Changes the manager's emotions into dice. Call this persuasion. And each manager requires a different crime point. What struck me was this. Why did Mr. Curtis say he needed at least 50 million? At first, I thought it was a condition for acquiring an item, but it wasn’t.”

Eden said.

“It’s persuasion. It was to convince someone in the government office. The cost is at least 50 million.”

"okay. Depending on what kind of character you are, the rules will be different. Anyway, 50 million will be enough if you win at once, but if the game is long, you will need more points than that.”

Nade stuck out his tongue.

“Even if it’s five consecutive victories, it’s not enough to roll the dice once, right? Can you really say this?”

Iruki said.

“On the other hand, the units are large, so there is no confusion. There's no point for us to try twice anyway. Besides, if it's a dice game, it's absolutely necessary to strengthen the dice. Let's start with the type and price of the item. Even while doing this, points are deducted.”

Literally, time was the point, so they moved quickly to the shopping corner.

Vending machines were sparsely placed, and there were three shops run by non-players.

Eden checked the vending machine.

“Looks like you can change the type of crime dice here. Shape, color, material, eyes. They come in a variety of designs, and some have jewels in their eyes. But it's pretty. correction

Sapphire on dice.”

" How much is it?"

Eden read it as it is.

“3.7 million points. In addition, unconvincing.”

"now! Let's work, work."

Eden smiled as Nade turned to the store without looking back.

“Who wants to buy it?”

Upon entering the first store, a man in his mid-thirties wearing glasses greeted them.

“This is an item shop specializing in strengthening dice.”

Cards were placed instead of objects,

Items related to the eyes of the dice were lined up.

“There are surprisingly many.”

“Beginners are like that. To buy high-end items, you must be at least in the 100th sector.”

“Aren’t beginners sold there?”

"That's right. There are commercial morals here too, but you shouldn’t do business that way.”

The setting is, but everyone knew that it was to prevent fast track.

“After all, you have to buy something. Because you can’t buy it in the second half.” Nade muttered that and looked at the item.

“Guts. sprint. Runner's High.”

It was the effect of +1 for one face of a die, +1 for all faces of a die, and +3 for one face of a die.

“Sprinting is fine. In fact, one-time items have a high probability of failure due to the nature of the dice. In that sense, sprinting is more stable than Runner’s High.”

The price of 800,000 points was also reasonable. Sirone asked.

“Are they only selling dice-enhancing items here?”

"yes. Shopping corners are broadly classified into four categories. An item that strengthens the face of the dice. An item that enhances the dice calculation. Items unrelated to dice, usually movement items. And finally, vending machines.”

There were quite a few items besides what Nade looked at, but Sirone wasn't interested.

“Can you convince me?”

"haha! Sure. If you convince me, I'll cut the price of the item by 5%. My personality is critical, and I play odds and evens. 100,000 points per episode.”

The discount rate also seemed to vary depending on the manager's personality, but it wasn't the answer Sirone wanted to hear.

“No, not that.”

"yes?"

“A dark organization. I heard there is a buyout program going into Melkidoo’s core.”

The friends who scattered to look at the items looked back at Sirone and the merchant at the same time.

The merchant, who was lost in deep thought for a moment, burst out laughing and shrugged.

“Well, do I really know? The only way to confirm is to convince me.”

Sirone was convinced.

'Persuasion applies in all cases. It is not necessarily used only to discount items.'

said the merchant.

“I am a critical person, and the rules are odd and even. 20 million points per attempt.”

The group's eyes widened.

"yes? Twenty million points?”

You have to bet 20 million points in a situation where you can't even be sure of the information.

'It was something like this. Not just anyone can open the back door. If you do this, you will quickly lose points. This is probably how Mr. Curtis got his information.'

The result was bankruptcy.

As the party hesitated, the man pointed to Eden and said,

“But if it’s that cute girl, I’ll give you 10,000,000 points off. Will you try to convince me?”

Sirone blinked.

'wait for a sec. this… …

"think carefully. there's no other chance like this It only takes this much point to convince me... …

“I’ll come next time.”

While the merchant stared blankly at them, Sirone pushed the backs of his friends outside.

"what? what's the matter? just a hint

I found it.”

“I was mistaken.”

Sirone said.

“I thought it was just a system. I mean persuasion. But that merchant has feelings just like the rest of us. It is only that the change in emotions is accomplished through the law.”

"so?"

“Let’s go to the next store.”

When I entered the store next door, a woman with a tattoo on her right arm greeted me.

"welcome. This is an arithmetic enhancement item shop.”

Melkidu smiled as a young person for her average age entered.

"hi? Are you having fun?” Sirone said.

“Uh, that’s okay.”

There was an item that could change the dice operation symbol inside the glass shelf.

'Bonanza. Death Gross. The accountant's illusion.'

Although not as definite as the Wind God, they were items that glowed as they were used.

Sirone checked the price and asked.

“We are looking for a buyout program going into Melkidoo. Can you convince me?”

"oh."

She didn't even think.

“If that’s the case, you should definitely come to me. My personality is hot-tempered, and my rule is a set number. 20 million points per episode.”

Sirone said skillfully.

“It’s too expensive, so I think we have to think about it. Instead, I want to be your lover.”

“Hey, hey.”

My friends looked at me with absurd eyes, but the woman grinned as if she was having fun.

“Whoa, you want to seduce me? Well, there are more discounts between lovers. so… … you?" Sirone clenched his fists.

' done.'

If it was just a mechanical feeling, it was advantageous to increase the ratio of the opposite sex.

"well. I think all three of us like it. Perhaps the points required for each episode are different, right?”

“Of course it is. Let's see. If you want to be a lover with me, you have 1 million points for blonde hair.”

Pointing at Sirone, she recited points in the order of Nade, Iruki, and Eden.

“You are 4 million. 2 million here. This child is 3 million.”

Nade raised his hand.

"wait for a sec. Apart from Sirone, how can I be more expensive than Iruki? Even Eden is a woman, does it make sense that there are 3 million?”

"Ho Ho! How is it? Taste is free.”

Sirone didn't expect it either.

While Nade was speechless, Iruki stepped forward.

"I'll do it."

Since the final match had to be played by Sirone, it was necessary to turn around before that.

"i love you. Please accept my heart.” The merchant nodded her head.

“I will use 2 dice. Say four different numbers from 2 to 12, and the one with that number wins. If you don't take it, you lose. If both are equal, it is a draw once more. Points are deducted, of course.” Iruki pursed his lips.

“Tell me first.”

It was good to avoid the same number because in case of a draw, I had to pay 2 million points more.

"hmm. I'll choose 4, 7, 9, 12.”

“Then I am 3, 5, 8, 11.” The landscape disappeared, and the phase space for making dice was wide open.

'Any hand technique is impossible here.'

Except for Sirone.

"Goes."

When Iruki bet on the match, the merchant threw the dice high without waiting.

The merchant's dice were 6, and Iruki's was 3.

“I won.”

When Iruki's victory was confirmed, the topological space disappeared and returned to the shop scene.

A blush bloomed on the merchant's face.

“My heart was pounding from the first time I saw you. Alright, let's go out."

A frightening attitude change.

'If you win the dice, everything is possible. On the inside track, dice is really king.'

she said with a happy face.

“Where will the date go? You can close the store.”

Even at this moment, the points were decreasing, so there was no time to waste.

“Before that, let me ask you something. Shouldn’t we first know the name and age?”

“Oh, yes. i'm kara is twenty-eight years old. I'm older than you, but... … Because we are lovers now.”

Iruki's eyes grew cold.

'If you succeed in persuasion, this much information will be provided. It wasn't an easy match though.'

Iruki was lucky in that the odds of a draw were greater.

“Okay, then let me ask you one more question. About the buyout program I mentioned earlier... …

Kara's face hardened.

"I'm not asking you to tell me. I just want to know if you are sure you have the information.”

"ha. What should I do... Really.”

As the group watched, she sighed and suddenly raised her head.

"huh."

And he said it over and over again.

“I have it, information.”