The disability of being human (3)

in an unknown forest.

“Big!”

The Blazing Skeleton Swordsman broke through the veil of the Underworld and came over to reality.

In his right hand, which was only a skeleton, was holding a large jigsaw that could withstand the flames.

“Kiyi!”

Like the king of the dead returning from hell, he headed forward with an empty eye socket and stamped his sword into the ground.

The earth shook with the power of divine transcendence, and as the body gradually recovered, the flames began to catch on.

“Uhhh...

Lian, whose skin had been regenerated, shouted.

“Oh, it’s hot!”

Shaking off the remaining fire with both hands, he gasped for breath as smoke rose from his body.

"ha. ha."

The fire of Gehenna is an emotion in reality.

However, the fire he lit before entering the other side of the world burned all of his clothes.

“Are you back?” Lian, who caught his breath, looked around him, but it was a desolate forest that even the country did not know.

“Well, Seongeum will come to pick you up.”

I don't know the exact principle, but her ability was the highest peak of space magic.

Lethe was born out of thin air.

“You, too, are monsters.”

Landing lightly on the ground, she alternately inspected Lian's body and the large sword stuck in the ground.

“To come out while purifying the fire of the blaze. I know that Yahweh relies on you.”

Lian was embarrassed by the unexpected praise.

“Well, that’s about it.”

“Not quite like that. To endure the fire of Gehenna means to overcome all the emotions of hell. A certain high priest among humans was liberated by setting fire to his body.”

It is called left-leaning net?

“But you exist in reality beyond that. Your godlike transcendence might really be like a god.”

Lethe thought so.

'War God Yasha.'

At this point, there is probably no human being who can beat Lian who has returned from Hell.

Lian set up a straight sword and looked at the blade.

"is it? Maybe it seems to have gotten stronger. But you won't know until you fight.”

“Because it is the realm of the mind. You won't feel it until you meet someone who will push you to the limit. However, you need to be careful with your recovery ability. Denying death by restoring Edea's signal is close to expedient in terms of user rights, but there are limits to that. If it continues to accumulate, Idea itself will disappear.”

Ryan felt it too.

“How long can I last?”

“I can’t measure it precisely, but you probably know better. Roughly feel

By the way.” It wasn't too long.

"doesn't care."

As long as he could hold out until Sirone fulfilled his will, the next thing was fine.

"and… …

Lethe, who hesitated, finally couldn't stand it and shouted.

“Can you please stop talking to me in that state? Even if I'm not human, I'm a mind program! At least pretend to cover it up! Annoying!”

"hmm."

“No offense, hurry up! Pick up leaves or whatever and cover yourself!”

'That's a lot to say.'

Now that Ymir was coming, it was not the time to be leisurely picking leaves.

'Can I win?'

Although he had grown much through his journey to hell, Ymir was still a huge wall.

Lethe was taken aback as she watched Lian seriously pensive.

'What kind of people are there?'

Jincheon sector of the temple.

According to national law, when the servants moved Jinkang's body, Anchal approached Seongeum.

“Your Majesty the Emperor.”

According to Jin Kang's will, he was in charge of the empire, but Anchal's extreme engineering was quite awkward.

“Speak comfortably. You still can't get used to it.”

“You have to adapt. The fate of the people of Jincheon and all mankind is in Your Majesty's hands.”

Voice nodded.

"I get it. What should I do now?”

" first of all??????

Anchal quickly explained what had happened in reality while Seongeum was in hell.

"It's a simultaneous event."

It felt like a new thing, but the more I got to know Sirone, the more I felt the limit.

'My 0 steps.'

Knowing what Seong-eum's smile meant, Anchal felt sorry for her.

'It must be a perfect match for a princess.'

Seongeum, who corrected her expression, said.

“I see what you mean. simultaneous events

Now that it's over, all we have to do is bring people from all over the world here.”

“It is. As this is a time-sensitive matter, His Majesty's role is the most important.”

Speaking of warfare, the power of voice has the highest efficiency in transportation and supply.

"I get it. Let’s go see Lian first.” As Seong-eum closed her eyes and spread the etheric waves, the information of the space was collected.

'There it is.'

It was quite far away, but she crumpled the space and made the distance between Lian and herself zero.

"then."

A forest spread out inside the building, and Seongeum crossed the boundary line with light steps.

And 1 minute later... … .

"your majesty?"

When Seong-eum, whose face was as red as carrots, returned to the hall, her eyes furrowed.

“What are you doing?”

"oh??????

" oh'?"

He said in a trembling voice.

“Bring your clothes. with the biggest one. hurry."

Galliant Island.

In the depths of Mt. Toa, where the Kergo tribe is, Sirone was talking with Gauld and his friends.

“That’s how it happened.”

The betrayal of the dreamer Louver, and even the manager who sided with mankind were under the will of God.

Miro didn't care.

“It doesn't matter how many enemies you have if you're fighting a god anyway. The problem is that I couldn't extract Ultima.”

The fact that Arius risked his life to do it must also be on her mind.

Sirone said.

"one thing… … There is a way out.”

"method?"

“Using objects to unite humanity has failed, but that doesn't mean Ultima is impossible. If all mankind joins their hearts... …

Sein stopped talking.

“That is just an ideal. It's no different from before we entered Mir's mental world.”

“There is one other thing. Tachyon.” Miro understood.

"you… …

"yes. I'm not sure if I'll be successful. But this is our only hope.”

Gaold asked.

“Didn’t you say Ymir was coming?” Sirone nodded.

“Planet Hexa has disappeared. Given its size, it should be crossing the universe by now.”

“How long will it take?”

“Depending on your mind, even right now.” Sirone continued.

“You have to solve the problems you face before you can reach Ultima. Ymir. cell buster. and oparts. When human beings become things under the guidance of the gods, the mind disappears from this world.”

Gangnan said.

“There are a lot of things I don’t understand, but I understand the context. Can’t we go to the temple right away?”

“The Voice will come to pick you up. I'm going to end the coincidence too. But before that... …

Sirone looked back at the temple gate.

“Let’s check first.”

I couldn't ignore the faint smell of blood.

Jiang Nan approached and pushed the stone door, but it did not budge, as if it had been locked from the outside.

“I can’t. Should I break it down and get out?” The moment he finished speaking, Gaold's air gun passed Gangnan's shoulder and struck the stone door.

bang

The door didn't budge.

When Kang Nan looked back with ferocious eyes, Ga Old grinned and shrugged.

“Cheuk, that’s funny.”

Sein said.

“Something is strange. It's as if you've become immune to physical force. But is it possible?”

"It could be because he's a weakling."

Jiang Nan was avenging the situation from before, but she knew the truth.

'That Gaold can't break

O......'

It really won't.

“I will try.”

Sirone walked to the door.

The Miracle Stream turned into the Hand of God, and a giant hand grabbed the door.

“Big!”

The moment she felt it through her heart, Sirone finally realized the identity of the door.

'Obsession. yearning.'

A great feeling is telling you to guard this door.

'Tear it off.'

0 = 0 = = = !

As I concentrated my high-intensity mind, the stone door began to crease with a gloomy sound.

As if someone was screaming, Kang Nan got goosebumps for no reason.

jump!

Setting the stone door torn into squares down on the floor, Sirone examined the scenery of the aisle.

all were dead

Sein confirmed the ancient incantation pattern engraved on the frame of the door.

“Perfectly sealed. What happened?”

Miro looked at the corpse and said.

“It’s neat. It's the work of a professional. Besides, it hasn't been long since I killed him. No matter how long you hold it, within six hours.”

"excuse me!"

At the end of the hallway pointed by Kang Nan, a white object disappeared around the corner.

Sirone kicked the ground.

"wait!"

The moment I passed the corner and turned around, another white object turned the corner.

'That's it?... ”!'

Shirone, who had an ogi, cast teleportation and instantly closed the gap.

"you! who… …

However, when she had her eyes on the unidentified object, Sirone had no choice but to swallow her words.

A man with a white body stood with his back as if plaster had been applied to a human body.

Of course, the appearance was surprising enough, but the reason for Sirone's hesitation was for another reason.

'Dangerous.'

Ultima's senses, and possibly Tachyon's signal, were sending out a clear 'no approach' signal.

“Reveal your identity.”

Sirone asked again, but it seemed like a very difficult question for a white man.

"well. Who am I?”

Two long swords, smooth as ivory, stretched out from his hands and connected to his arms.

Even that seemed strange to him.

'What is it?'

Just as Sirone was thinking, Gaold and his party, who had arrived late, strode forward.

“Did you kill the tribesmen?”

“Do not approach.” Sirone raised her hand to stop them.

None of the members here seemed likely to lose, but the problem was a sense of incongruity that transcended that.

"I don't know."

As if he had been thinking about that all along, the white man opened his mouth after a while.

“I have no name.”

anonymous no name.

'no way?'

What flashed through Sirone's mind was an anecdote about heaven that he had heard from Armin.

I heard that an unimaginable creature was created by combining an angel with Garas.

'Fortunately, Mr. Quan cut it before he could grow further.'

Armin added:

-If it was just a little bit later, no one would have been able to stop him.

Then why did the dead come back?

'damn.'

Sirone realized.

'When I access the outside world.'

It was a special administrator, a kind of vaccine, sent into reality by God to correct errors.

'If what Armin said is true, Nameless will absorb the ability of any strong person into his own and eliminate the opponent.

'Literally genius.'

Fake all geniuses ever.

'But imitating a mutation that happened in reality. You're a god, but you don't even have imagination?'

Of course, it was nothing more than a complaint against the worst enemy.

In fact, it is impossible for a god who has mastered the principles of the entire universe to imagine something.

Anonymous said.

“I don't know about me. How were you born and why are you here? What I remember... …

He chose his words carefully, as if pulling something out from the depths.

“With the terrible fear of death.”

It was thrilling enough to make me forget that death... … .

“The sword dance.”

Nameless eyes shone.

'okay.'

that's the guy

“Quan.”

From a forest ten kilometers from the temple, Shiina brought some fruit.

“Try some of this. I’ve been collecting them all day.”

“Shina.”

said Quan.

“Keep it. I… … protect.”

Shiina burst into tears.

"me… … Protect. Shiina... …

The genius of swords that once transcended mankind's common sense has become a fool who has lost everything.