[572] Reaction and response (4)

* * *

At the point where Sirone and the others summoned the team, the combined team also gathered at the hideout to discuss future plans.

Like Sirone, Cayden was the last to arrive.

“… … What a mess.”

From Hercy's point of view, Cayden's condition was seriously bad.

His clean face was covered in blood, covered in dirt from head to toe.

“Where is Sirone now?”

Hersey shook her head.

“Strategy has changed. Now you are actively participating in the game.”

“I refuse. I would have promised The first day is to give me a free roll. I haven't had a fight with Sirone yet."

“I know that, but Eden's strategy was discovered too early. you know? If you lose the game, you have to pay the price.”

Cayden gritted his teeth.

“I’m giving Eden a free roll sooner than expected. I will also intensively search for Iruki's location. The opponent will try to ruin our cards. In the meantime, we need someone to collect scrambles from the enemy camp.”

Fishaw raised his hand.

“I do.”

Insect magic was perfect for collecting scattered scrambles.

"good. Those who remain will support Eden once scramble is secured. If you make the strongest hand within the third day, the game is over.”

“Damn it. I could have killed you.”

As Cayden muttered, Hercy only then showed interest.

'Hmm, even though I used the sword, did you mean I couldn't subdue Sirone?'

There are those who apply schemas in magic schools, but Cayden is not at that level.

A sword prodigy who graduated from the Kaizen Swords Academy at the age of 14 with top honors.

It was a skill enough to be able to do a commander even if you go to the battlefield right now.

'Stupid. What about art... … .'

Seeing that he gave up a life where he could thrive while receiving the protection of the sword family, the Cross family, and entered magic school, he wondered if there really was such a thing as destiny.

“Okay, how are you? After dealing with Sirone.”

Cayden's grumbling faded and his expression grew serious.

I still hate it, but to be honest, it was admirable.

“It was pretty. I can see why Fermi is keeping him in check.”

“Hoo.”

It was the first time he had acknowledged anyone in combat other than Fermi.

“But it felt a little strange.”

“Is it strange? What?”

Fatigue from fighting until late is the same for everyone, but Hersey didn't overlook even a small factor.

“What should I say? Should I say that he dodged my attack?”

Hersh relaxed his eyelids.

"That's Sirone's movement... … .”

“I know, I am the best in school. But it's not like that.”

“I don’t understand. Please tell me exactly.”

“So it’s kind of a feeling. There was no discomfort in the battle, but every time Sirone avoided my attack, I thought, 'How?'”

Cayden, racking his brains and searching for an explanation, raised his head.

“Yes, at some point the tide turns. The battle progresses with the feeling that "this is enough to win", but at the decisive moment, the situation is reversed. If Sirone is strong, I shouldn't have thought 'I can win' from the beginning.”

“Hmm… … .”

Hersey tilted her head and touched her chin.

“Ambiguous. Was there anything unusual about it?”

Cayden recalled the battle.

“I can’t be sure because the decisive moment came a few times, but I think the light came from my body.”

Eden objected.

“Sirone's major is light. No matter what kind of magic you cast, the light will always appear.”

“It is, but… … .”

“Is it a sixth sense?”

Hersy thought Cayden was right.

If his specialty, the precise sixth sense, hadn't been activated, he wouldn't have even thought of this in the first place.

“I guess I need to do some more research. Cayden continues to cover Sirone. can you do it?”

“I already tried. Tell me where you are.”

Hersy said with a straight face.

“I asked if I could. You seem to have struggled quite a bit today, but if you lose your strength... … .”

“It was just a search battle.”

Caden said with nonchalant eyes.

“Sirone will die by my hand sooner or later.”

A smile spread across Hersie's lips.

'I should hope so.'

* * *

Day 2 of Scramble Royale.

Thanks to her struggle to stop Eden's card collection the night before, Sirone and the others were able to keep her hand tied to ○○ (Saint).

It was thanks to the rule that it was impossible to transfer without directly collecting scrambles.

However, he had to bear the loss as well, but Fisho quickly collected the scrambles that Sirone and the others had given up and collected all six cards.

Even so, Iruki did not give up on the existing strategy.

“The most important rule in a black-and-white match is 'The winner of Caen does not waste a card.' What does this mean?”

said Amy.

“The team that combines the strongest hand first has an overwhelming advantage.”

"that's right. That's why we prevent the collection of Eden even at the cost of it. The enemies have also seen through our strategy, so it will be more complicated from today.”

“So that’s why we gathered here.”

The starting point of the second day for Sirone and the others was in front of the Central Administration Building, the center of the territory.

“The number of scrambles is 12. Let's learn from the closest one. If we erase the direction first, the enemy won’t be able to calculate the route.”

“It seems that a knife wielded while blindfolded is more difficult to dodge.”

Sabina said.

“I leave it to chance and make the reaction incalculable. But what if Eden takes a big turn?”

“At that time, I had no choice but to give one and think again. It was great to block it with Saint yesterday.”

Lulu's message that Scrumble was summoned permeated.

“Okay, let’s go!”

Six flashes flew in different directions.

* * *

'I found it, scramble.'

With a hickory over her shoulder, Dorothy entered Training Field 4, not far from her senior year.

The moment I checked the scramble stuck in the cracks of the rocks on the outskirts and threw my body, I felt an eerie chill.

'danger.'

As soon as Dorothy stopped, sharp ice flowers bloomed around the scramble.

“Sorry. It's a joke.”

Frings approached with a grinning smile.

“It’s not a joke. Because I met you, a furry dog.”

Frings, who was ripped apart by Amy's kang last night, now has two cards.

The hand recorded on the Master Card was ○●, and it was a strategy to openly aim for a third-level hand with a full loss.

“Of course I am dog hair.”

Last night, Dorothy, who destroyed the temple with ○●○● (Democracy), added one random card, and the current status was ○●○●ⓡ.

It was a fairly favorable condition, but it was something to think about betting Kang on Frings, who was defeated anyway.

'Is breaking a full deck more important than revealing a 5th level random card?'

Frings asked as if blocking his thoughts.

“Kang. Aren't you going to walk?”

“I’ll walk. When it gets dangerous.”

Frings was third in seniority and was a battle mage.

'Could it be that I'm losing?'

In ○●○● (Democracy), the only tiles that can be combined in the next step are ●○●○● (Revolution).

Therefore, if Dorothy's random card is a white, there is no reason for Frings to win because she is full.

'I'm curious. I'd rather be Caen, but... … .'

Frings stroked his mustache softly.

'If it's a revolution, then I'm an asshole again.'

It was a specification to be treated as a marginalized person any longer.

“If you don’t want to bet Kang on that side… … Can I attack soon?”

'Kang is the last resort.'

Dorothy beeped and Hickory slid off her shoulders and landed on the ground.

thud!

It was a heavy resonance that could not be seen as a doll that came down from a fragile body.

“Whoever bets Kang is in my favor. And scramble is non-negotiable.”

Colorful lights burst from Hickory's rich-toothed mouth.

'Hickory of the 4th dimension.'

Beep beep.

Frings's expression did not change even as Hickory performed a ridiculous dance that seemed to move a square.

After bumping into each other for over a year in her senior year, she was fully aware of her control system abilities.

'Dorothy. It's an interesting subject.'

A voluptuous haze of ice rose around Frings, and the whole world shimmered as if frozen.

'Go!'

As Hickory jumped out and swung his orb-steel fist, Frings flew up in a beautiful motion.

snow ice.

The frozen petals whirled and pounded Hickory's torso.

His major is Freezing, his field is Freezing.

It was a typical combat mage's skill to attack by shaping ice rather than cryogenic temperatures.

'Iron and ice. Iron is the top in Sangseong, but... … .'

Frings flew up in a beautiful posture and cast magic.

'You know I picked the wrong opponent, right?'

There was a series of snaps, and ice stalactites thicker than ivory gnawed at the hickory from all sides.

'This is the end.'

Chobakneung.

As Frings swung the capital, thin ice formed in the air and it spread out, occupying the horizontal coordinates.

'The ultra-thin tomb is even steel.'

The reason why Frings is aiming for Hickory is because he is a mimesis who shares the spirit with Dorothy.

This is a two-way control method in which Dorothy manipulates Hickory, and Hickory manipulates Dorothy's brain again to manipulate Hickory again. there was

'Anyway, it's enough to just dispose of the cans...'

Hickory accelerated Dorothy's brain as the ultrathin tomb froze the horizon as it approached in an environment that seemed trapped in an ice cave.

The increased computational power was input to Hickory again, and commands were entered taking advantage of the extra time.

'Iron screwdriver (←↙↓↘→ + attack).'

Command was the only means of controlling Hickory.

Spinning through the ice, Hickory flew to the ceiling and manipulated Dorothy into sending her body into the wall.

“Keugh!”

The shock was great because it was not a voluntary movement, but it was better than having the torso cut off.

'Hickory. 85% attack propensity.'

Even while Hickory, who switched to the offensive, violently wielded the orb fist, Frings responded calmly.

'The martial arts have been updated.'

The posture was comical, but not many people could survive the blows of an 85-horsepower engine.

'Now!'

Dorothy entered the command with her eyes shining.

'Super rocket punch (→→ + attack, defense).'

The moment I entered the direction of my thoughts in a specific pattern, Hickory held out his right arm.

“Huh!”

The ice barrier that had confined them shattered as Frings leaned back as if he were about to collapse at the fist that flew with a roar.

'That's a bit dangerous... … .'

Frings, who was looking in the direction of the rocket punch, suddenly stepped back with his eyes shining.

'Mammoth Stamp (↓↓↓ + Attack).'

The ground splintered around Hickory, who had fallen as he slammed his legs down.

'Here's a special move!'

Dorothy rotated her thoughts in complex patterns.

'Fire Blast (↓↘→ ↓↘→ + Attack, Defense, Movement).'

Hickory's breastplate opened and a flamethrower burst out.

In front of a 10-meter-long stream of fire that ate up the air, Frings stood back without looking.

'Operation mode (attack + move)!'

The returning rocket punch began moving precisely.

'Like this (→→↑↘)... … If you do this (↑↑←)... … .'

Frings, who noticed it belatedly, protected himself with an ice skin, but could not completely block the shock.

With a bang, Dorothy clenched her fists and reloaded the rocket punch.

'Victory pose macro 3 (↓↑↓↑ + defense).'

Hickory danced with her hands on her hips, then put her orb fist to her mouth as if sending a kiss, and flung it toward Frings.

---------------------------------------