[160] Clay Marsha (4)

Now the students have become serious. Everyone was staring at Shiina.

“But for him to die, he must spend the night with me.”

The boys' faces turned red.

“Seo, sir, such an example is a bit… … .”

“There is no need to be ashamed. Because I would never do anything like that. You get powerful abilities in exchange for betting something you never want to do. It's an equivalent exchange. Revealing the price can also be a price, but the important thing is that the dieter really believes that. It is to inject very personal omniscience into others with omnipotent power.”

The students finally realized.

A regular eater was a kind of human being whose way of thinking was completely different from that of ordinary people.

“Just because you learn doesn’t mean you can learn. Mental idiosyncrasies expressed as obsessions and biases. Eating out can be said to be the most feared thing for wizards.”

This was all Sirone knew about eating out. At the time, I thought I understood, but when I saw it, it was the height of confusion.

Above all, the cause of the sudden disappearance of the Spirit Zone was unknown. Since when? Even if it's triggered at the cost of her constraints, Shirone has never done anything to her.

'No, there is! obviously i... … .'

Sirone suddenly recalled the situation from before.

-You can kill me.

It was this very moment. A magic spell that only Marsha and herself know.

The moment she uttered those words, Marsha's omnipotence penetrated her mind and activated the rules.

My heart was pounding. I was caught by an outsider. What will happen to you now? Nothing was predictable.

'Let's stay calm. The Spirit Zone is just gone. If I stay alert, I can escape the crisis.'

Eating out is like weighing the value of the possible and the impossible on a scale. Therefore, the price to bear was as great as the eccentricity of the ability.

Perhaps if she had said 'you can kill me', she would have had to endure a defenseless state for quite a long time. If she had attacked then she would have killed Marsha.

But why couldn't he attack? Is it because of Yuna? No, Yuna is safe. 

Thoughts are not connected. What the hell is happening to you right now?

'From the beginning. From the moment I met Marsha, she had already fallen into a trap.'

The moment she realized that all the incidents were concocted under Marsha's script, Shirone got goosebumps.

Taking him to the bar, provoking Yuna, and not touching Yuna.

“All for this moment?”

Marsha smiled cheerfully as if she could see through Sirone's thoughts. Seeing his bewilderment drove me mad with joy.

“Ho-ho-ho! Of course it is. Oh, of course, meeting you was by accident. I am a person who makes coincidence inevitable. In any situation, there's nothing wrong with laying the groundwork on. Is this thoroughness my charm?”

Sirone had no choice but to admit it.

I didn't approach it by making myself a target. It was a strategy for everyone I met in my life. With just one small assumption that we might meet again someday.

This meticulousness was the reason Marsha was able to escape the encirclement of the Magic Association.

“Then shall we begin? I don't know what I can do.”

Marsha approached Sirone with a relaxed smile. On the other hand, Sirone couldn't help but shrink. Tried teleportation, but it still didn't work.

Obviously, this state of affairs will not last forever. However, the concept of stealing the opponent's mental power was an extremely unfamiliar rule to Sirone.

'Nonsense. Where in the world is this magic?'

Sirone felt the greatest crisis of his life. Marsha's eating out was obviously dangerous. It was because the immortal function itself, which could be called the last bastion, was blocked.

"Ho Ho! I'll take it well, your spirit.”

All of the mental power that Sirone was trying to use for teleportation flowed into Marsha. Using that power, Marsha fired the acoustic cannon again.

“Kuk!”

Sirone turned and ran away. It was a shocking sight for a wizard to run with his body in such a situation, but he could have lost his life if he was hit by a sonic cannon while unable to use magic.

“Huh, I’ll praise you for throwing away your pride. But the fight is already over. More than caught in my deprivation.”

Deprivation of regular meals.

She can steal by disowning others. Among them, the magic she cast on Sirone was called Looting, and it was the ability to steal the spiritual power of the Spirit Zone.

Sirone ran away as far as possible. I had to make time somehow.

It was a calculation that, in terms of equivalent exchange, there must be a time limit if mental strength was taken away just by not obeying the words, 'You can kill me.'

'done!'

As expected, looting was released and mental power returned. As soon as she turned around, Sirone, unable to check the situation behind her, started casting with a wide range.

As if thunder struck in succession, all sides flashed brightly.

The effect of the wide range cast in an open field after making up my mind was beyond my imagination, aside from its effectiveness.

“Whee, that’s cool. It's really great.”

Sirone glared at Marsha. Seeing as he didn't even approach, he must have been looking at people into the water.

In any case, if time was limited, there was no need to fear plunder anymore. Because no fool would fall for the same trick again.

"Goes!"

Sirone cast teleportation and rushed at Marsha. But Marsha was still overflowing with composure. She then murmured as she held out her hand the moment her sirone entered her own spirit zone.

“Eating out of the rules. seizure."

At the same time, Sirone's teleportation was released. Following inertia, Sirone fell to the floor and slid several meters.

“Keugh! what?"

Again the magic broke. Have you lost your sanity again? However, the Spirit Zone was still maintained.

"uh? uh?"

Sirone couldn't believe it. Such magic cannot exist in the world. He had no idea what had happened to him was real.

Tess, who was watching Sirone's bewildered appearance, turned to Amy and asked.

"what? Did something happen to Sirone?”

"I don't know. The Spirit Zone has not disappeared. But the teleportation was unlocked... … .”

At that moment, Amy suddenly realized and trembled.

No, no. It should never be. Isn't that too harsh? How much effort did Sirone make to reach that level?

Amy's foreboding became a reality. She muttered in disbelief as Shirone inspected her own body.

“I can’t cast magic.”

“Whoops, that’s it. Extortion from eating out is only possible if you are caught looting. Of course, there are restrictions on seeing the opponent's magic with your own eyes.”

Marsha kindly explained with a smile. She never shared any information beyond mocking her, of course.

Sirone shook her head. It didn't make sense. Even if there were such restrictions, taking away the other person's magic unconditionally was absolutely impossible according to the principle of equivalent exchange.

“Wow, such wonderful magic can happen. I'm so glad. Sound magic sucks. Thank you, Sirone. You are such a good little brother.”

Spheres of light gathered in front of Marsha's eyes. It was a magic that gave mass to light, a photon cannon.

Sirone hurriedly threw herself to the side. At the same time, a heavy flash hit the spot where Sirone had been.

Fragments of the ground pricked Sirone's face. The feeling of being victimized by his own magic was terrifying.

“Whoa, is this a huge consumption of mental energy? How did you deal with it? It's really great, Sirone."

Sirone jumped up and glared at Marsha.

I couldn't contain my anger this time. No, it was a pity. The bitterness of having all his magic taken away made his body tremble.

“But it’s nice. Unlocker's ability.”

Marsha, who had a happy expression on her face, even showed off her laser with the intention of intimidating Sirone even more.

Even as she scratched the ground and watched the approaching laser, Sirone could not react. It was because he had even been deprived of teleportation.

At that moment, Amy ran over, grabbed Sirone, and cast teleportation. She also couldn't move long distances because her mental strength was low. Ryan and Tess ran and stopped the two.

Marsha watched them mockingly.

The swordsmen were embarrassed and Amy had a hard time even casting teleportation. Furthermore, even Shirone, who was her only hope, was deprived of her magic and turned into an ordinary boy.

“So what did I say? You can't fight me and win."

It was definitely a miserable situation. In particular, the psychological shock that Sirone received was enormous. A normal person would have passed out while cursing at Marsha and crying and screaming.

“Sirone, calm down. The battle isn't over yet."

“But magic, my… … magic.”

Sirone's voice trembled.

Amy understood. If she had been hit, he might have been knocked over by a vase.

To a wizard, magic is everything. Just imagining it gave me goosebumps at the thought of giving it all away to someone else.

“Sirone! wake up! We must keep fighting!”

Sirone stumbled, but stood up.

The thought that I should not give up like a strong mental power was emerging like an instinct. But the heartache was too great.

“How? How are you supposed to fight?”

“Think rationally! Where in the world is magic that can take away magic so easily? According to the equivalent exchange, there must be a huge risk.”

Sirone suddenly came to his senses. When he heard it, he was right. He was distracted and didn't notice that his magic had been stolen, but Marsha's robbery can never be activated.

First of all, you have to be robbed. And you have to see the magic you're trying to steal with your own eyes. It is obviously a difficult condition, but Marsha's eating out was overpowered enough to make no sense even with these two restrictions.

Amy desperately persuaded Sirone.

“It was easily stolen, so it can be easily retrieved. No, it should be much easier to find than it was stolen. That's equivalent exchange. So never give up.”

"okay. I'll try.”

Sirone regained his courage. I didn't come up with any means, but I couldn't just sit there and cry.

“I’m not sure what you mean… … .”

Lian, who had been listening until now, spoke.

“If you take away what you see with your own eyes, you can use magic you haven’t seen, right? It might be the wind cutter magic I showed you at home.”

"Oh, I see."

At that moment, an intense thought penetrated Sirone's head. Yes. Strictly speaking, robbing is better than looting for the victim. Because at least the Spirit Zone can be operated.

"okay. I have no choice but to face it with my own body. Thanks, Lian.”

Amy whispered as she wrapped her arms around Sirone's waist.

“I'll access you by teleportation. From there, do something with the wind cutter.”

Amy cast teleportation with all her might. As the two of them split the air with light at the same time, Marsha also cast teleportation and moved away.

Since the magic stolen by extortion only implements the opponent's battery as it is, it was impossible to apply it unless you knew the principle of activation.

That's why even Marsha, who stole Sirone's teleportation, couldn't use the Patrol skill or the Rainbow Drop.

Amy dug into that part tenaciously. Approaching Marsha with her flamboyant movements, she threw her sirone.

Sirone reached out to Marsha and cast a wind cutter. Since it was magic, not a major, it was difficult to hit without getting close.

However, such a disadvantage rather worked as a blessing for the phone. It was because Marsha spread the distance much farther than expected.

'what?'

Marsha's movements were strange. No matter how unfamiliar she was with magic, she could try anything like a photon cannon or a berserker against the wind cutter.

But she chose to back off. It's also very far.

“There are no restrictions on extortion… … ?”

A possibility popped into Sirone's mind.

---------------------------------------