[224] 2. Waiting for school to open (2)

"haha! it's sirone What kind of letter is this long?”

The bright smile of his son was a sight rarely seen at home. After declaring defeat, he lowered the newspaper and asked Iruki.

“Is that the kid you mentioned?”

“Yes, I sent you a letter. He writes very well.”

“If you are that friendly, call me home. Unlocker, I want to meet you once.”

“… … all right. I will speak.”

There was no soul in Iruki's answer. Introducing Sirone wasn't a problem, but introducing her eccentric father to friends was a huge problem.

'In six days, father.'

@

The central city of Sadia is the area where the largest number of local nobles live in Tormia.

Like the famous grain belt, the finances were solid and there were few forces going outside, but the internal competition to occupy the territory was fierce, so the rank changed frequently. Nade's family, the West, was no exception.

During vacation, Nade almost lived in the studio. His eyes, which had been up all night already for the second day, were sunken.

The workshop looked like an extended version of the Supernatural Psychic Research Society. Tools of unknown use were rolling around the floor, and on the table was the engine part of the engine unit.

“Whoa, shall we end here today?”

The season passed into autumn, but the workshop was sweltering. As he took off his jacket, a scar was revealed that ran diagonally across his back. It was an old wound, but sometimes it throbbed unbearably.

Nade pulled up a tent and covered the table. If the family found out, there would be an uproar over spending money on useless things.

It's fallen now, but three generations ago, half of the Sadia granary belonged to the West family. 

Nade didn't hear the reason for Gasse's strength. But after he lived 17 years, he seemed to have no particular reason. He is simply exhausted.

“Nade, Nade.”

When I returned to the mansion, I heard a voice that stopped my heart. 

It's ironic that the main character of the voice is his mother, but to Nade, she was the scariest thing in the world.

“Yes, mother.”

“Didn’t you say you were good at handling machines? Go to the Jones family and fix some things.”

“I’ll close my eyes for a bit and go.”

My mother's impression was crumpled like a monster. It was like a lock that kept Nade stuck. 

When I was little, I used to fight against my mother. But she became the world's pervert because she harmed herself.& nbsp;

You can't beat a mother who hurts her body. There is no child in the world who overcomes their parents.

“It’s because I’m tired. I haven't slept for two days.”

“What the hell are you doing, Annie? It's not like going out to make money, but it's not helping the family either. I didn't tell you not to sleep, so why can't you go?"

Nade caught the muscles in his face contorting. I didn't want her face to be the same as her mother's.

“Don’t you see how hard your mother lives? Do you know how much money she spends sending her to the high school of magic? I'd rather get out of this house than that. Because her mother doesn’t seem to be able to support her anymore.”

Nade thought about when she had taken care of him. But she has no memory of that. Only the throbbing wounds carved on her back.

No one in the West family was willing to make even the slightest trade with their wealth. they do nothing because you've never done anything

“I’m sorry, Mom. all right. I will come and go.”

Burning pain came from Nade's wounds. But I couldn't express myself. Her family doesn't budge on her. No, she avoids it because she doesn't want to deal with it.

Then, on the day when she harms herself, all the family's annoyance pours out on Nade.

When I was young, I didn't know why I had to suffer. But what I've come to realize over the course of my life is that there is no such thing as a reason.

Nade's family left everything to others, and he was the only one who knew he shouldn't be.

“Go quickly before the sun goes down. The Jones family is looking for someone to check the boiler. Would you like to try something like a mechanic?”

“I think I will be able to graduate soon. Please let me graduate from school first.”

“Is that school a parasite that only sucks money without teaching? I'd rather die."

Nade wanted to understand his mother.

I got married to a rich family, but the whole family is spending money, so it must be heartbreaking. 

But no matter how much I thought about it, I couldn't find a reason why I should be a boiler repairman for them.

Hot breath escaped from between Ned's teeth as his mother returned to the mansion.

It felt like killing intent formed in every single cell. little bit more… … If it accumulates a little more, it explodes.

“Bocchan, the letter… … Hee!”

The butler, who had been running, turned pale. Nade, who finally came to her senses, shook her head. The moment she realized that her mother's face was also inside her, a second wave of pain came over her.

“Oh, I can’t sleep. what's the matter?"

“Open, the letter… … . It’s Aryan Sirone.”

"what? Sirone?”

Nade's face brightened at once. Immediately snatching the letter, he read the letters written in Sirone's handwriting.

The moment I read the phrase “I want to see you,” my heart filled with sadness and tears welled up in my eyes.

“Wait a minute, Sirone! I'll be going soon!"

Nade grabbed the letter and left the mansion. In the future, the Jones family will not need to repair their boilers for another 10 years.

@

Seriel's family, the home of Fortress, was in Creas City, just like Amy.

Although the rank of nobility was not very high, it was known in the kingdom as a prestigious family that produced many great doctors.

At school, she is the best friend of Amy, a model student, but at home, she is a spoiled brat who puts her younger brother, an aspiring doctor, at the forefront and falls behind.

Today, she has been hiding for the third day, avoiding her mother's nagging. The room of her younger brother, who was expected to become her future best doctor, was a nag-free zone away from her family.

"Sobbing! What should I do. It's so moving.”

Seriel, who was reading a love story under the blanket, couldn't stand it and burst into tears.

My younger brother, Vail, sitting at the desk, was on the verge of madness.

“Ah, a bit noisy! I'm studying! Now go to your sister's room! Or it sucks or not.”

Seriel embraced a novel that ended in tragedy and savored the afterglow. In my own evaluation, it was one of the top stories among the novels I read during vacation.

“It was such a sad love story. Ah, where is there a man like Joseph?”

Bale stopped taking notes and looked up.

"there is."

"really? who?"

“Josef.”

“This is going to get scolded! Are you kidding your sister?”

"why? If you’re not in reality, you have to hold on to the characters and live with them, keukkeuk.”

Seriel glared at the back of her sister's head and pursed her lips. He didn't get mad because he'd been owed a few days and he was very much trying to get on top of his head.

At that time, the door opened and a letter fell out along with Mom's nagging voice.

“The letter has arrived! I won't tell you to study, so don't disturb my sister and come out. If you're going to play, you might as well wash up. Are you going to get married or go with that? Tsk tsk.”

Seriel pursed her lips and crawled under the bed.

It was said to be a letter, so I thought it was from Amy, but when I looked at the sender, it was an unexpected person.

"uh? It's sirone! Sirone!”

Seriel quickly opened the envelope and read it. His eyes quickly became lovely. Smelling the scent of the paper, she muttered as she held the letter in her arms.

“Ah, is there no man like Sirone?”

Bale's eyes widened as he was eagerly reading.

'Sirone is a real person, you idiot. I can go and date her.'

These words reached her throat, but she wouldn't hear a word from her. It was clear that I was crazy after digging through novels for several days.

@

Creas Municipal Training Grounds.

Mark paid the expensive entrance fee and entered the training ground. He was already excited when he and Maria succeeded in getting promoted early and was assigned to Class Six from the next semester.

'Finally, I also have a junior in the advanced class.'

If I hadn't met Sirone, this day wouldn't have come. After losing at the Uncrossable Bridge, he was able to achieve his desired goal thanks to his constant efforts with Sirone as his role model.

“Hey, Maria.”

"I'm here? Did you come earlier today than yesterday?”

When Maria, who was waiting first at the training ground, joked and scolded him, Mark laughed. She was depressed to the point of endangering her students by activating the engine device of the bridge that could not be crossed, but her personality brightened a lot when she became Sade's apprentice.

"Sorry. Dad noticed There are many good teachers in the Magic Association, so why go out and train?”

"but. The Slider family is in the Magic Association. Is it really okay if we continue together?”

"No problem. He’s a man who would do it again.”

Mark winked and raised his thumb. In fact, he had barely escaped by starving until morning. At some point, a 15-year-old boy began to see his 19-year-old sister as a woman.

'Even if I'm crazy, I'm firmly crazy. I thought to bully such a cute older sister.'

"Howdy! did you wait long? I'm sorry I'm late."

When THAAD came running from the entrance of the training ground, Mark's expression deteriorated. He was none other than his own chief competitor. It's funny that a teacher and a student are playing tug-of-war over a woman, but the problem is that a 26-year-old man and a 19-year-old woman are fine, and Sade doesn't seem to like it either.

Whether or not she knew Mark's feelings, Maria greeted Sade with a more friendly smile than anyone else.

"no. We just arrived.”

"okay. I was a little late to see the principal off.”

“Oh, where did the headmaster go?”

"huh. There are some things like that. Anyway, sorry for making you wait so long.”

Left out of the conversation, Mark felt uncomfortable. He had grown tired of Sade's love for women, but he was particularly fond of Maria.

Then Maria clapped her hands and pulled out a letter from her bag.

"Oh right! did you see this A letter came from Sirone-senpai.”

"uh? Sirone-senpai? Didn't you come to me?"

“Maybe he came. I also took it with me on the way out. I haven't even read it yet.”

Maria proudly waved the envelope, took out the letter, and read it. Her expression melted at the content that her tenderness was buried in every phrase.

“Oh, what a wonderful person. You are strong yet kind. How good would it be for Amy-senpai to go out with Sirone-senpai?”

There was a strange tension on Sade's face.

To be honest, he was 70% sure that Maria was in love with him. But now that she heard it, she wondered if it might just be her simple admiration.

When Sade was depressed, Mark was exhilarated.

Since most female juniors talk like Maria, Sirone did not become jealous.

Above all, isn't there an insurmountable barrier called Amy standing by Sirone's side?

'good! The goal of following Sirone-senpai's footsteps has become even stronger!'

THAAD, nervous, set out to make up for it.

"haha! that's right. Sirone is not cool. But don't you usually prefer older people? If not, they should be at least the same age. Aren’t young men no fun?”

Mark took it in stride.

“Where is that word? Love has no borders, what does age matter?”

“I am more important than borders. Shall we ask Maria then? Which one will you choose, older or younger?”

Maria put her chin on her chin and pondered, then mischievously stuck out her tongue and evaded an answer.

“Huh, well?”

Mark and Sade, who had high expectations, collapsed. Perhaps she wondered if she was the true master of wheat and sugar.

After all, I couldn't pay the expensive admission fee and chat. Mark and Maria warmed up their minds with a sequence ceremony before entering the full-scale class. Meanwhile, Sade looked up at the sky and thought of Sirone.

'Vacation is now over. What kind of accident are you going to cause when you come back?'

The course that Sirone has taken right after entering the magic academy was unmistakably unique even in the history of the academy.

But that's why I was anxious. 

It depended on what kind of answer Master would receive, but if he didn't accept it, it would be completely different from his school life so far.

'It won't be easy this time, Sirone.'

---------------------------------------