[314] Causal Wheel (6)

My instinctive thought was that I had to get out of here.

You need to hold a sword to activate Diamond Armament. But Armand's handle was too far.

'Rated control... … !'

Armand, who received Zeon's mental wave, escaped from the scabbard with the sound of water. But before he could reach Ji-on's, Wu-rin clenched and grabbed his handle with his left hand.

Ji-on glared at Uorin ferociously.

Not the sister he knew. Not only did he grab Armand's handle without looking at its location, but he also didn't understand the physical force holding Armand in full control.

Uorin slowly moved the arm holding Armand in reverse. Zion gave the order again, but Armand couldn't get out and just shuddered.

As the blade approached Ji-on's throat, the vibrating sound was clearly audible. Her sister's wrist, which slipped out of her sleeve, was as thin as that of a normal girl. She had never even heard of learning swordsmanship.

'But how can I get this kind of power?'

Uorin's face was calm without even feeling that he was giving him strength.

However, a strong willpower was working in my head. A technique called incarnation in heaven. Also, the swordsmen of this world called this phenomenon divine transcendence.

Uorin slowly moved his sword towards Ji-on's neck. Even if it was divine transcendence, if the body did not support it, the effect would fall, but there was no problem with Zeon's weak mental power.

“You are not qualified to be the owner of this sword.”

As Armand moved against his consciousness, Ji-on became confused.

Finally, the blade touched his throat. The vibration grew stronger and the skin opened.

“Cancel the contract. Otherwise, your throat will be cut off.”

The place where the sun touched was as cold as shaved ice. Then, as soon as it became hot as if it were on fire, he screamed involuntarily.

“Come on, cancel the contract!”

At the same time as Zeon's cry, Armand's vibrations stopped.

Uorin finally loosened Ji-on's neck and inserted Armand into the scabbard.

“It is a wasteful sword to give to you. Let’s put it to good use.”

Ji-on, who was pinned to the wall, said while stroking the neck where the palm marks were left.

"you… … Who the hell are you?”

"You'd better listen to me, mortal."

Leaving those words behind, Uorin left the prison.

The door was open, but Ji-on couldn't move. When she disappeared, she finally realized what her reality was.

Nothing should be done. Until she is freed, she is doomed to rot in her dungeon forever.

Tears flowed as the great despair struck. Then he slowly fell on his side, put his head in the corner and began to shiver.

* * *

Uorin put Armand in the sheath and escaped the dungeon.

The combative silver scabbard was prepared in advance by ordering the craftsman. Gold is the best for being stylish, but it was excluded from the selection because it was not practical.

“I hope you like it.”

After leaving the castle gate, the traces of Theraze completely disappeared from Uorin's face.

Before she knew it, she had turned into a fresh 14-year-old girl and ran toward the carriage with a broad smile.

“Brother Sirone!”

Sirone, who was carrying a load on the machete, turned her head. Wu Lin was approaching, waving her hand. Suddenly, a nerve in my head passed through a certain point. But strangely, it was just an empty space. Blinking for a moment, he smiled lightheartedly. It was a way to cut off ties with Orkamp like a knife, but she wanted to meet again at least once.

I heard that Theraze's direct escort Pungjang appeared and took the unconscious himself. Uorin put all her strength into it without asking. Besides, if it weren't for the <Jaeger family's final scream> that she gave, she would hardly have been able to dodge the blow of Xeno and she would have already become her corpse.

“Are you leaving now?”

"huh. Thank you for that time. In fact, I was worried because I felt like I was leaving without even saying goodbye.”

“Hehe, greetings between us. But maybe I can see you again someday?"

Sirone scratched his eyebrows in embarrassment.

He was in critical condition a while ago, but fortunately his mind was not seriously affected. Uorin was an unavoidable existence if she continued her life as a wizard.

But now that I had the freedom I so desperately wanted, I didn't want to get entangled again.

“Are you still sorry for me?”

“It’s not like that. But, we are so different.”

Wu Lin smiled bitterly.

Anyone who had experienced something like that in the royal castle would think the same. However, I couldn't help but feel sad when I heard from someone who pointed out that I was a future husband.

"still… … Do you think we are friends?”

"of course. no, it's a benefactor You saved my life.”

“That’s it. Do not worry. I will never bother her brother again.”

Sirone realized the meaninglessness of words. That, too, was taught by Urin. But he couldn't help but be grateful for the consideration that he said.

“Yes, you are fine too.”

"ah! And this... … .”

Uorin held out the sword she was wearing at her waist.

I could tell at a glance that it was Armand. I just stared blankly at it because I didn’t understand why, but Uorin said.

“I will give it to my brother as a present. Because Ji-on oppa won’t get out of prison for a long time.”

I heard through Reina that Zeon is alive. I don't know what happened, but it is said that Empress Theraze personally put her in prison for the crime of tarnishing the authority of her blood relatives.

As seen in Zion's gallery, Armand radiated the light of temptation. However, Sirone was not willing to accept it. He never wanted to be in debt to the royal family again.

Amy didn't know that feeling. Just hearing the word Theraze, no, Kazura, made my bones hurt. But isn't it an S-class object, not another object? It didn't make sense to say no to this unless you were an idiot.

"Sirone, it's bad manners to refuse to give it to me."

When Sirone turned around with a sullen look, Amy stuck out her tongue and took a step back.

Uorin passed the sword to Sirone's chest as if telling her not to worry.

“You can take it. I'm going to repay you on behalf of the Kazura Kingdom. Because of the king's circumstances, he had to die. He will never consider it a debt.”

Uorin was also sincere this time. this is not a debt Think of it as a kind of coma.

If you say that, you can't help but be tempted. However, it is still a conflict because it is too much of a gift.

S-class objects are difficult even for royalty to hold in their hands. Besides, isn't Armand not just for entertainment, but specialized for combat? Even if it was put up for auction, I had no idea how much the cigar would be worth.

“I really don’t know if I can accept it. Above all, I am not a prosecutor. Wouldn’t it be better to go to someone who needs this item more than me?”

“Huh, I still don’t know the true value of Armand. Make a contract once. If you don't like it, you can always turn it off.”

Sirone received Armand only then. However, since he was new to the contract type object, he did not know how to make a contract.

“What is this… … How are you doing?”

“All you have to do is hold the magic sword with both hands, hold it upright, and say this. I, the great wizard Syrone, command you, Armand, follow my orders.”

Sirone looked at Uorin with an absurd expression. Then she said, raising the corners of her mouth shyly.

“Just say <contract>.”

Sirone picked up Armand and shouted <contract>. As the jewel shone, a magnificent tremor passed through the palms of my hands.

“By the way, was there a contract? Can't you feel anything?"

I know that <Demonic Sword Armand> shares consciousness with the user. However, Sirone couldn't feel anything different from before.

“It’s because we haven’t started Armand yet. Rated control is possible only when the user's brain is copied with the Diamond Armed Forces. Say it's Geumgang Armed Forces.”

Amy, who had witnessed the state of the Geumgang Armed Forces before her eyes, swallowed her saliva.

The power of decomposing the blade and devouring the user is amazing, but the increase in stats that turned Zeon, who had never handled a sword, into an instant warrior was also noteworthy.

“Geumgang Armed Forces.”

Armand's blade opened in a gloomy frame and swallowed Sirone first. In the case of Zeon, the transformation took place in an instant, but it took quite a bit of time for the first user.

A metal skeleton spiraled along the muscle line. With only the frame completed, a thin needle entered Sirone's central nervous system.

"omg!"

- New User Cerebral Scan. analyze. Specialization of mental activity. Activation of verbal cognition.

A majestic voice that seemed to come through a golden crown resonated in my head. Subsequently, organic substances leaked out in abundance from the framework that tightly clamped Sirone's body.

Amy, who was watching, realized that Armand was changing into a robe, not an armor.

Cascading gauntlets made of light bone material were worn on both wrists, and an organic substance that turned into a hood covered the face. Finally, the cloak spread out like a water stream and fluttered.

- activation of neural networks. focus point detection. beta wave relaxation. maximizing theta waves. Navigating the time slice section. available. Possibility of objectification. approval. Creation of exobrains. Concept word search. outside.

A feeling of pressure was transmitted to the leather of the right gauntlet. When I looked into my palm, I saw a convex hemispherical glass embedded in it. As light radiated from there, glass matter gathered in the air.

The completed purple crystal ball quickly whirled around Sirone. It was another brain that specialized in Sirone's time-sharing ability, a crystal ball called Oewae.

"wow… … .”

Everyone who watched Sirone widened their eyes.

Wearing a hood, Sirone was a perfect professional wizard. The organic substance that makes up the robe has a desert color, so it was far from glamorous, but it was this side that looked rather strong.

Sirone, unaware of how her appearance had changed, was simply amazed at the changes taking place inside her body. Her physical abilities also increased, but her head was refreshingly clear. She was at least twice as refreshed as when she was in the best condition.

Most of all, I liked Mado Mugu and others. Since the same brain was cloned, there is still only one slot, but the speed of time division was able to rise dramatically. In addition, it was safe to say that it was the same as the Double Spirit Zone when using passive magic.

“This is really great… … .”

Wu Lin nodded with a satisfied smile.

“Armand makes up for weaknesses and maximizes strengths based on user information. Now disarm the diamond and try the rated control.”

When Sirone remembered the release, the Geumgang Armed Forces were disbanded.

Returning with a sleek sword, Armand flew through the air following Sirone's thoughts. Since he had already achieved mental integration through the Diamond Armament, the feeling of sharing his consciousness was not alien.

Armand flew low and entered the sheath that had fallen to the ground. Then he flew to Sirone's side and was fastened as if he were wearing a belt. This was also Armand's arrangement not to put any weight on the wizard's body.

"thank you. But no matter how you think about it, this is too much. It’s an S-class object.”

“Oh, oppa, I really can’t stop him. Well, that's why I like it.”

Uorin glanced at it, but Sirone didn't seem to notice any special meaning.

Is it still a bunch? But someday... … . With that thought in mind, he grabbed Sirone's arm and eased the burden.

"are you okay. I think an objet should meet its owner well as well as its efficiency. Please take good care of my brother in the future. Then see you next time.”

Saying that, Uorin turned around and walked away. It was because he knew that Sirone's personality meant that if he didn't turn coldly, he wouldn't be able to leave until the end of the day.

Sirone thanked Uorin for being considerate until the end and got on the carriage.

As the horses neighed and set off, Sirone and the others cheered.

Going home was like a dream.

It was noisy for a while. He excitedly shared the gossip of the Kazura nobles and speculated about the <Demonic Sword Armand>.

An hour passed like that, and the inside of the carriage decorated like a house was immersed in peaceful silence.

---------------------------------------