[15] The first step towards the dream (7)

Sirone chatted in Lian's room. He was called out in the morning and it was noon after he got down on his knees. It felt like so much had happened in less than half a day.

“Hehe, did you see our family faces earlier? Because I feel very relieved.”

“By the way, Lian, are you really okay? I mean, that knight's oath. I wonder if you did too much for no reason because of me.”

Lian's playful expression changed to serious. No matter how immature Rian was, he knew the weight of a knight's oath.

“Sirone, we didn't make an oath just because we were friends. You are different from your brother. You have the power to attract people. I entrusted my life to such a person.”

Sirone felt Lian's sincerity. But she still hated being shy.

"haha! It's a burden. But if you want to protect me, how many times will I have to improve?”

“Ugh! Don't poke where it hurts. Because I know. Anyway, I was amazed at your courage. He said everything he had to say in front of his family, and even suppressed it. Aren't you scared?"

"Whoops, there's a special secret to that."

Sirone explained jumping off a cliff. Obviously, this story would help Lian's swordsmanship. 

However, after listening for a while, this was the first thing Lian said.

“Jump off a cliff? Why do you do that? Aren't you stupid?”

“Bah, stupid?”

To hear Ryan call you an idiot. Even if she was told that she was ugly by an orc, it wouldn't be as shocking as this.

“No, listen closely. I'm not saying you're going to jump off a cliff, just imagine that. You're not dead until you fall off a cliff. So, it means that if you focus on the present instead of worrying about the future, you will see a solution.”

"Anyway, if you jump down, you'll die. Think carefully. If you jump, you will die.”

“Ugh, that’s it! I'm saying that if you can't jump off a cliff, you can't do anything in the end, you fool!"

“What, was that what you were talking about? Then you can jump as much as you like.”

"huh?"

“For example, if I can save you by jumping off a cliff, then I can jump off any number of times. Because that is the duty of a friend and a knight.”

Sirone blinked. He had a point in what Lian said, even though it was completely different from what he said. No, maybe that was Lian's way of thinking.

'You're really the opposite of me. It must be difficult to meet like this.'

While I was thinking about that, someone entered the room. Sirone's face turned red. Reina was sticking her head out and waving her hand.

"hi. The atmosphere in the camp with black hair was no joke, so I evacuated to our base.”

"get out. I'm talking to the men.”

Sirone hurriedly shook her hand at Lian's order to celebrate.

“What's wrong, Lian? How much your sister helped me this time.”

“Hey, that’s because you don’t know. This witch must be... … .”

Lian, who was about to curse out of habit, looked at Sirone and thought about something before shutting her mouth. Sirone and Reina. Reina and Sirone. The names of the two were alternating.

The friendly Raina walked over like a cat and sat down among the men.

“By the way, Rihanna was cool. It's a knight's oath before winning. I really can't stand you.”

“How come it sounds like you’re teasing me?”

“Hehe, did you find out?”

“Oh, just bang! What is my reason for coming here? Did I come to give you medicine?”

“Ugh! What do you look at this older sister? Since then, I have played the role of Ganja to the fullest. Serious talk is going on over there.”

"What's more serious in this yard?"

“Actually, when Dad took Lai this time, he said it would be nice if he sent you too.”

It was the first thing Ryan had heard. Besides, she doesn't know if even Lai, who is a genius, will get a public official, so why is she going to the palace?

"What are you talking about? Can you give me a tour?"

"no. To get her enrolled in the Kaizen Swordsmanship Academy. do you know The largest swordsmanship academy in the kingdom of Tormia. I heard that there are only 10 certified first-class prosecutors produced there for 200 years.”

“What? What if they decide on their own without discussing that? Besides, now that I can play with Sirone to my heart's content, what kind of school do I go to? What about Miss Kite?”

“Master, the contract ended yesterday. So he went back to his hometown in the morning. He said he already said goodbye, didn't you hear?"

Lian looked back at the sword Master handed him with a surprised expression. Because of his sword, he would have been able to show off his own knightly oath.

'Master.'

He was strict, but he cared for Lian more than anyone else. The reason why he meekly terminated the contract must have been that he wanted his pupil to grow a little more.

“But it is too sudden. What about Sirone?"

“No, so that’s what I said this time, but I think he’d rather have you and Sirone enter the swordsmanship academy. you did that yesterday I heard that Sirone uses a sword better than you?”

“Yeah, but Sirone doesn’t go to swordsmanship academy. There are things I want to do separately. Hmm, actually, I was thinking about it too, but now that it has happened like this, my sister should ask her grandfather.”

"huh? Do you want to do it separately?”

Reina turned around, but Sirone didn't say anything. He honestly couldn't understand what was being said. She's getting her into a swordsmanship school? A commoner himself? It was a question whether there was such a way, but it was also a question why they were going to this extent.

But it was only natural if you knew the mindset of aristocrats. Currently, no one in the Ogent family thinks that Sirone shouldn't be taught anything. 

Since the youngest son decided to become Sirone's sword, it is because Sirone's growth must be supported in order to increase the family's honor.

When Sirone didn't answer, Lian spoke instead.

“Sirone will become a wizard. He has no interest in swordsmanship.”

Rayna was startled.

"what? Wizard? So, did you lose in a sword fight to an aspiring wizard? Really pathetic.”

"shut up! I know! But Sirone is a genius! Even if you learn swordsmanship, you will be much better than Rai.”

“Ho! You mean that much?”

“Oh, no. how do i... … .”

When Rayna looked at her admiringly, Sirone couldn't find a place to put her eyes and lowered her head.

Lian was displeased with Sirone. What kind of woman in the world would cling to her if she wasn't shy like that? Lian thought the only breakthrough would be to use Operation Panty one more time.

"okay. Anyway, I'll make a suggestion. But maybe it's on the condition that you go to swordsmanship academy? Because he is a father who thoroughly exploits his weaknesses.”

“Sheesh! I don't know. I'll think about it."

Even Ryan knew his father's personality to the point of getting tired of it. Anyway, for Shirone's sake, she could do as much as she could by entering a swordsmanship school.

Come to think of it, I needed it for myself too. Lost with a sword to an aspiring wizard. After this, instead of Sirone's sword, it was a decision that he would become a lump of Sirone's burden.

The conversation between the three was interrupted when someone knocked on the door. The butler opened the door with a nervous expression.

“Master Sirone's family has just arrived. It was supposed to be served at the mansion, but there was an order from the head of the household to guide the boy if he wanted to meet him.”

"oh! Sirone's parents? What are you going to do, Sirone?"

It wasn't even necessary to ask. Sirone's eyes were already fixed on the invisible front door of the mansion. His hips trembled, wanting to run away right away.

“Whoops. Bring it with you, Sirone. We'll be waiting in the living room. Please guide Sirone.”

“I see, miss.”

Sirone left the mansion following the butler.

Until yesterday, 'Hey, hey!' Sirone was displeased with the sudden change in the butler's attitude. He seemed to be restless, afraid that he might get caught on a rock.

“Hey, you can just do what you normally do. It's not like I've become a noble.”

"no! How could you disrespect the youngest son's master! Please don't say that. My neck is coming off.”

As Sirone, who had to risk her life for a single book, she knew that feeling better than anyone else. But that's why I didn't want to be treated like this even more.

“Even if you make a mistake, I will never let you know, so don’t do it.”

The butler nodded with a moved expression on his face. For a commoner to become the owner of an aristocrat. To the butlers, Sirone was like a hero from a myth.

Anyway, Sirone didn't care anymore. No, he couldn't care. It was because a wagon had arrived at the end of the Great Jikdo that symbolized Ogent.

I saw two people getting off. At that moment, Sirone's vision blurred.

The parents I haven't seen for 1 year and 6 months are over there. In the meantime, tears of sadness poured out as the events of staying up all night in the library while eating eyesore passed like a kaleidoscope.

My legs moved along with the drumming emotions. Without hearing the butler's shouts, Sirone ran to the iron bars of the mansion.

"mom! dad!"

Alpheas Magic School (1)

Sirone took her parents and headed to the reception room. The eyes of the three people walking down the aisle were swollen from tears pouring from her front door.

It will take time to sort out your feelings. I don't know if it was because of Clump's consideration or if the meeting was getting longer, but Sirone was able to talk for a long time in the waiting room.

“Let’s see, my son. While I didn't see you, your face was hurt a lot. Good job. I had a really hard time.”

Tears welled up in Vincent's eyes again. She was a sirone with better complexion than before, but from her parents' point of view, she just looked like she couldn't eat or sleep.

“What a hardship. He read the book and how much fun he had. How has his father been?”

"then! Of course I ate well and had a good time. Do you want to see how fat your mom is? You became so pretty that your sister was almost born. ha ha ha!"

“Honey, what a scolding sound in front of your son.”

Sirone gave a pitiful smile. My parents, whom I met after 1 year and 6 months, were thinner than before.

I don't know, but I wonder if there was a way to properly feed my children worrying about my children day by day. Thinking of that, Sirone's heart was moved again.

Vincent suddenly became curious. At first, he knew something had happened to his child and was nervous enough to make his heart burst, but seeing Sirone relaxed, it didn't seem like anything bad had happened.

“Yeah, why did you call us? If you're done with work, you can go home right away. Could it be that they did not let you go?”

"no. It's not like that. It’s just that a good opportunity has come up.”

"huh? season?"

Sirone brought up a story that had happened. He had already organized the structure in his head, and the words came out easily. But from the point of view of the listener, it was so amazing. 

Vincent's expression gradually turned to astonishment. To be honest, I couldn't hear Sirone's voice from a certain point on. I don't know what the heck my son is talking about.

Became friends with the youngest member of the Ogent family? But that friend took an oath to become a knight? Moreover, the family accepted that fact and allowed her to be her friend?

Every time I broke the wall of common sense one after another, it seemed like thunder boomed in my head. When the conversation was finally over, Vincent scratched his head in silence.

I know that you are a smart and deep child. But even so, this makes no sense. Maybe my son's mind is wrong? Could it be that he was delusional because he was so harassed here?

“Sirone, be honest. This daddy can do anything for you. what the hell happened to you? Who the hell made you do this?”

“It's true, father. Why would I lie like that?”

"okay! You are not a lying child. So tell me. who bullied you? Who messed with you!”

Vincent was genuinely furious. He was the one who encountered countless cases of commoners who became half-assholes after being wrongly entangled in aristocratic families.

Even Sirone thought it was an absurd story. But I couldn't think of a better way of persuasion than to tell the truth.

When I was struggling with my thoughts without being able to do this or that, the door to the reception room opened and the members of the immediate family of the August family entered.

---------------------------------------