[388] One Man Team (4)

Amy pointed at the screamer.

“Then would you have done it to me? Honestly, it's true that the bookie's killer strategy failed, right? I can understand that until then, but why are you taking out your anger on a poor teammate?”

The screamer's face went blank.

No matter how emotional he is, I tend to do it while watching the situation before and after.

On the other hand, Sirone and the others were pushing ahead with stage guns without taking any countermeasures.

'Aren't these groups crazy?'

If you focus on emotions, you will only be used.

And the screamer immediately found a way.

This was an opportunity.

If you can easily get 20 points for losing 5 points, it won't be a losing trade.

'As long as there is Mayan, any team will lose.'

Having made the decision, the screamer made an offer.

“Okay, if you guys are so confident, why don’t we check it out?”

"verification?"

“You know there’s a full evaluation in two weeks, right? occupation of the highlands. If you beat me with Maya on your team, I'll admit it.”

Highland occupation is a confrontation in which flags are planted on both camps and the opponent's flag is captured while adjusting the air and water balance.

In the graduation test, the score is 15 to 15, but in the group evaluation, a mini game is played with a score of 5 to 5.

'As expected, graduating class. It bites properly.'

Sirone saw through the screamer's strategy.

It was a plan to include Maya, who thought it was a hole, in the team and get 20 points for sure.

When Sirone delayed answering, Screamer tore his mouth. Her red tongue protruded.

That's why you shouldn't cover it up and attack it. Whether he refused or accepted, he ultimately won.

"why? Are you not confident about doing it? Did you yell at me then?”

Sirone finally opened her mouth.

"It's true that Maya's sonic magic is below average."

"ha ha ha! Now you're confessing! Yeah, what can you do if you think you're going to lose in the end... … .”

"but."

Sirone's face frowned.

“At least it’s way better than having a guy like you on the team.”

The screamer shut his mouth and erased his expression. The eyes that made the thugs tremble when they were young were shot.

"that word… … Can I take that as a will?”

Sirone turned to her friends.

"Guys."

Iruki, Nade, and Amy approached one step at a time and lined up on the left and right of Shirone.

said Amy, wagging her fingers.

“Okay, let’s do it. You'll probably have to assemble the best team and go for it. It'll be smashed anyway."

When this happened, it was Maya who was embarrassed.

Ruined the evaluation and ate swearing. The work that normally should have ended there has flowed to the point where I can't handle it.

I was grateful to Sirone and the others for standing up for me. But that's why he couldn't cause any more trouble.

“Wait a minute, I don’t think… … !”

Before he could finish his words, Nade pulled Maya into his arms.

The moment Maya blushed and was about to say something, Nade raised his fist at the screamer and shouted.

“Let’s stick together aaaaaaaaaaa!”

Nade's voice boomed.

No regrets. On the contrary, it seemed that the accumulated sediment was being released by noticing whether it was a senior class or a junior class.

'Yes, this is the sirone phage.'

On the other hand, Maya's face turned pale. However, the spirit of Sirone and the others was too hot to pour cold water on them.

Screamer controlled his anger.

To be honest, it's like winning. They will lose 20 points and you will gain 20 points.

“See you in two weeks.”

The screamer left the training ground. The students looked blank as if they couldn't believe the current situation.

Fermi and the others aren't enough, and now they've even touched a fairly well-known screamer in Class Two.

'No, what kind of chickens are these?'

Sabina, who was next to Dante, sighed. No matter how much I tried not to interest her, she couldn't be bothered because she was entangled in Nade.

“It will really turn. Why do they just run around like that? Of course, if Maya gets involved, it's a disadvantage. It looks like only Nade was deducted 20 points. Shouldn’t the sirone have been dried too?”

"I did not know?"

Dante smiled and turned around.

“Sirone is the worst captain.”

battle readiness (1)

For the first time in a while, Sirone and the others gathered at the Supernatural Psychic Research Society and spent a quiet time.

In addition to training, Sirone had to complete Gaold's mission, so a day was not enough.

The feeling of lying on the sofa on a holiday and staring blankly at the ceiling was indescribably good.

Why did I make a fuss about being bored without knowing that this kind of time was precious in the past?

Sirone recalled what had happened a few days ago.

“By the way, Maya. You were a commoner. I didn't know.”

said Nade.

"So do i. I've been researching since that day, but to be precise, he's an outsider.”

“A foreigner?”

“It’s a mysterious tribe, a minority from the south. About 200 people settled in Tormia and cultivated the clan's secret capura for medicinal purposes. That’s why I owe my debts and I can’t even advance into society because of the stigma of lack of drugs, so it must be difficult.”

"I see. Then Maya's house will be in trouble too.”

“I guess so. I heard there are 7 brothers. It seems the tribe is raising money to support Maya. If you become a wizard, your reputation with the Mystic Tribe will increase.”

“But how did he get into magic school? If I hadn't belonged to the Ogent family, I wouldn't have been able to even pass the special screening.”

“Mr. Collie recommended it. I don't know the circumstances, but there must have been a connection. As you."

In the senior class, he is a cold-hearted head teacher, but he is a kind person at heart, so there was a possibility that he helped Maya enough.

“It seems that there was some gossip at the time. Then, the grades were surprisingly insignificant, so they were just buried.”

Should I say this is fortunate?

Sirone wouldn't have been hated too much if she hadn't stood out in the entrance exam.

“Anyway, that’s too bad. The burden will be enormous. I can't graduate even though I'm getting the expectations of my tribesmen. It was pitiful to see the meat being passed over with water to raise the volume.”

Sirone also liked that part.

"huh. Especially Maya is a woman. Why don't you want to look pretty? In fact, I think I would look pretty if I lost weight. I can't help it since I'm in my senior year.”

Iruki said.

“Shall I show you, Maya’s old self?”

"huh? how?"

“I quit now, but at the time, Nade collected a lot. would you remember? A picture book.”

Sirone suddenly remembered.

“Oh, that the female body research society publishes?”

Nade rose from the couch.

"right! We are now in our graduating class. Most of the repeat students will be drawn there.”

As soon as he finished speaking, Nade went under the desk.

“Iruki, try calling Hosu and Paige.”

Iruki, who was oblivious to oblivion, said.

“The most accurate is the latest issue. Publication No. 48, page 8.”

“Isn’t issue 48 from last year? Even then, Maya must have gained weight.”

“I know when I see it. Bring it now.”

Nade rummaged through the picture books stacked in the safe.

He stopped paying attention after Sirone came in, but it was the man's heart that he couldn't bear to throw away the things he had collected.

“Let’s see. No. 48, No. 48… … Oh, here it is.”

Nade put the picture book on the table, and Sirone and Iruki also sat on the sofa and pressed their faces.

On page 8, Maya's former self was drawn.

"wow… … .”

It was a modest style for a work by the Women's Body Research Society, and the way of expression was sacred.

But they were surprised for another reason.

“Is this really Maya? It is very pretty.”

It was different from Tormia's urban standards, but she was a fresh and bright girl that anyone could fall for.

Nade nodded.

“I remember, I remember. Back in the day, I saw this picture and wondered who it might be.”

Iruki explained.

“Maya gained weight from the second year of her senior year. But the female body research group seems to be only drawing her before.”

“It’s rare. Do you like Maya?”

“It could be. But don’t you think the feeling of respect is stronger than affection?”

Sirone was seized with intense curiosity.

“Who are you? The Women’s Human Body Study Society.”

said Nade.

“I don’t even know that far. If these guys get caught, they'll be expelled right away. But you'll be in your senior year. You can't draw seniors while you're in an advanced class."

It was creepy to think so. In a word, she said that she was taking the graduation evaluation while running into each other every day.

said Nade.

“Let’s check out the others. As of last year, there must be girls in the senior class now.”

Iruki said.

“Pony on page 14, Suabi on page 16, Dorothy on the last page. These three are currently graduating class.”

Sirone looked back at Iruki.

“You really remember it because of the Servant, right?”

Nade pointed at Paige.

“Hey, it’s Pony, Pony.”

Pony's appearance was the same as now.

With a symmetrical part that emphasized the tall forehead, hair like golden threads came down to cover both sides of the face.

Wearing a dress that showed off her shoulders and collarbone, her chin was raised, revealing the elegance of royalty.

“Oh, there’s Suabi here too.”

Suabi was sitting on her knees by the stream, covering her naked body with a blanket.

A bird was sitting in the seat with both hands together as if to support it, and it was smiling a beautiful smile that you would never see at school.

“Are you Dorothy? Seeing it this way is very different.”

Dorothy pulled up the bottom of her black woolen knit and bit it in a rebellious mouth.

A water drop-shaped belly button was cutely embedded in her narrow waist, and her lower body was only wearing underwear, showing off her beautiful legs that stretched out like giraffe legs.

The point was that the tin doll that never let go of her was hugging her neck.

“I’ve felt it before, but I’m really good at drawing. It just looks like you put the real thing in there.”

Nade sighed and closed the picture book.

“Ah, there are so many beauties at school, how come we don’t have any partners?”

“Sirone is there.”

“Oh no! what am i... … .”

Nade looked back with a twinkle in his eyes.

“Come to think of it, you said you and Amy went on a trip. Did nothing really happen?”

"huh? Anything?”

Sirone's face turned red. Obviously nothing happened. But why is the blood rushing to his face?

"what? Are you really suspicious? You better be honest!”

Sirone rolled her eyes left and right. Realizing that he had no one to help, he resorted to a last resort.

“Ah, I don’t know! I'm going to sleep! I'm tired these days Wake me up in an hour!”

As expected, sleep is the best way to get rid of anguish.

* * *

After waking up, Sirone got up from the sofa. His friends had already gone back to their lodgings.

“Umm, what time is it?”

A note was left on the table.

we go first You look tired these days, get a good night's sleep and see you later at the restaurant. Also, the red book number 24 in the safe under the table is so awesome you should never look at it.

Sirone yawned, crumpled up the note and stood up.

“Still, I feel refreshed after taking a nap for the first time in a while.”

Sirone packed her toiletries and headed for her senior year. She didn't have to go to the hostel, she was going to wash up at school and go to the cafeteria.

As I finished brushing my teeth and washing my face, the bell announcing 5:00 rang.

“Ahhh.”

I yawned and blew away the remnants of my drowsiness, and as I walked through the hallways, I heard music somewhere.

"what?"

Someone was singing in the music room at the end of the hallway. It was not a vocal song borrowed by magicians, but a popular song.

“Wow, you are so good.”

His singing skills were surprisingly good.

'Could a singer come?'

When I opened the door to the music room, Maya was singing and playing the piano in a row of instruments along the window.

It was a cheerful rhythm and blues song that I sang while walking around the slash-and-burn village.

As soon as she opened the door, Sirone stiffened as she felt a shudder run up her spine at the sound of her voice coming into reality.

There is nothing more beautiful than you

It just wasn't good singing. I don't know anything about music, but the moment I heard it, I was convinced.

Maya's song is something different.

---------------------------------------