Pandemonium Hell (3)

"by the way… …

Tess asked drunkenly.

“How is the world situation? I mean simultaneous events. After all, you are somewhere other than here.”

"yes."

A lot of things were happening all over the world, but that was the end of Sirone's answer.

Iruki asked.

“Is it medicine that you don’t know?”

“Not necessarily, but… … What would it be like to know? Right now, they needed a break, and bragging about useless things only accumulated fatigue.

said Amy.

“Yes, if you don't want to talk, we won't listen. Actually, this is normal.”

Pushing through information they couldn't process would be nothing more than a simple mental attack.

'But also... …

Sirone looked out the window in the darkness.

'It's definitely a reality that's happening in this world.'

Havitz's homeland, the Gustav Empire, was the country with the largest surviving population after Jincheon.

It was natural since it was a country that started a war, but now that Habitz has become more distant from humans, Gustav cannot avoid the attacks of the demons.

“Messiah, over there.”

The sun was still up, but the scenery amidst the snowstorm was as dark as night.

Beyond the snow curtain, only the lights of the castle swayed like ghosts, giving directions.

“Masarba.”

It was a strategic point and a huge city that must be passed through before going to Gustav's capital.

Si Lorne, wearing a gray coat with a hat, glared at the city while exhaling white breath.

Between the sound of the rough wind, the sounds of battles between humans and demons could be heard.

"let's go."

As Sirone moved, the smoke of the Miracle Stream stretched out thin branches in front of her and turned into a giant hand, clearing the blizzard aside.

"Are you sure you're here?"

The light dragon Phaeton and the black dragon Abyris, who followed behind, looked at each other before answering.

Abiris answered.

"yes. As a result of examining the entire Gustav Empire, we have obtained information that there is Ciri, the commander of the Hell Army's 6th Corps.”

Her face, resembling a black panther, contrasted with the snow and gave off an eerie force.

“It won't be particularly difficult to subdue Ciri, but there is no guarantee that you will be able to stop Pandemonium.”

The demon realm was to be opened beyond the photon signal because it was a decision, that is, a function of the mind.

"huh. The odds are half and half. Let's do our best."

Peyton said.

“I’m keeping my mind tight. Your brain might burst if you try to keep up with my speed.”

“Heh, being fast isn’t good enough. I found Siri's information this time too.”

“It was lucky.”

The most important part among the 12 apostles was how helpful they were to the Messiah.

Abiris, who had been choosing his words for a while, couldn't overcome his annoyance and slapped Phaeton on the shoulder.

It looked like a joke, but the power of the dragon's power was enough to make your bones tingle.

Phaeton, whose face was flushed, noticed Sirone and slapped Abiris on the thigh.

Abiris immediately counterattacked, and eventually the arms of the two apostles crossed at great speed.

Hearing the sound of breaking bones, Sirone frowned and turned around.

"stop."

The two apostles knelt at the same time.

"sorry!"

“How many times is this? Just one more fight and I'll walk alone from now on.”

They hurriedly lowered their heads at the eerie words, but they also felt unfair.

'Why are you pairing up with this guy?'

Not only the 12 apostles, but also the Messiah should have known that the light dragon and the black dragon were natural enemies.

Abyris asked.

“Messiah, it is understandable that you paired us with the harmony of yin and yang. But I don't fit Phaeton at all.” “It’s not because of the harmony of yin and yang.” Peyton raised her head.

"yes? If so, what kind of deep will does the Messiah have for us both...”

Sirone answered immediately.

“Everyone hates being a pair with you.” In a word, an abandoned combination.

In the eyes of the other apostles, he was both a light dragon and a black dragon, and he had the same personality that he did not want to get entangled with.

'These children... …

When Phaeton and Abiris recalled the faces of the other apostles and strained their eyes, Sirone smiled.

“Still, I am there.”

More than anything else, Phaeton lowered his head, relieved that Messiah's anger had been relieved.

"of course. And it's an excellent choice. Because we will achieve the greatest results.”

"of course. Let's get rid of everything.” The fierce burning in the eyes of the two apostles was the real reason Sirone had brought them.

As the blizzard entered the city, it turned into small, sharp ice crystals.

“It’s dangerous.”

Contrary to her words, Sirone calmly raised her hand and compressed the smoke from the Miracle Stream.

A flash of light instantly stopped the blizzard, but soon engulfed the space again.

Abyris, with ice clinging to one side of her face, looked around and approached.

"It's magic."

“Hmm, Siri’s Pandemonium is cold. Even though it hasn't been opened yet, it's this much power... …

Anyway, the odds of Siri being there are higher.

“Are there any survivors?” I don't know if they were annihilated by the demons or if they evacuated to the castle in the center of the city, but there were no citizens.

I could see that the windows of every house were broken and the inside of the house was full of snow.

Help me.

Hearing a voice that could not be detected by human hearing, Sirone's steps stopped abruptly.

Shirone jumped at the sound from the end of the area lined with twenty stone houses on both sides.

All the cold-weather windows were broken and it was dark inside, but a faint light shone from deep inside.

“Huh. uh huh.”

As I entered the house following the sad groans, a woman was holding her child and crying.

“My baby, my baby.”

"What happen?"

As Sirone approached, the woman held out her hand with a distraught look.

"help! The child is not breathing! please please… …

Seeing that her husband was not there, she was terrified and could not escape and seemed to be in an isolated situation.

It was not at all a cold period in which a child could survive, but Sirone reached out with hope.

'Heart is beating.'

Sensing the vibration through her fingertips, Shirone hurriedly hugged the child and activated the Miracle Stream.

'If there is life, I can save it.'

As the energy of light permeated the child, a cool smile appeared on the woman's lips.

The moment the fingertips turned into sharp ice flew towards Shirone, a small magic circle was born in front of Peyton's eyes.

It flew at the speed of light and kicked the woman in the face, which shattered like pottery and scattered into powder.

Then, from the neck down, it became ice powder and scattered, and a few steps behind it transformed into a woman with the color of opaque ice.

It was Ciri, the commander of the 6th Corps.

“Ho-ho-ho! Too bad! I thought I could feed you properly.”

The moment Phaeton attacked the woman, Abhiris had his arm around Sirone's neck.

It was a move to protect Sirone's vitals in case Peyton's attack failed.

“I knew.”

Sirone stood up, looking down at the snowflakes running through her fingers.

Siri laughed.

“I’m sorry if I offended Yahweh’s pride, but… … I don't think you knew at all."

“When I found out my heart was beating, the first thing that came to my mind was that it couldn’t be.”

I wasn't stupid enough to not know my biological limits.

“The reason I tried to revive him was because the child was dying right in front of the mother's eyes. If I'm wrong in my judgment, even if it's one in a million, or even one in a billion... …

So if one life dies.

“The pain is incomparable to the universe.

All right, Siri. You can't do that. No matter how much you hate me, you shouldn't cheat like this.”

As the Miracle Stream rose like a flame, the smile that hovered around Sari's mouth disappeared.

Then even the last bit of life left in her eyes cooled like a city.

“That's why I hate you. They always use swarms. Do you know how many parents have lost a child simply because of an accident or bad luck? Rather, like Buddha, just say you hate me. Then I will scream in fear.”

“Even if it doesn't make sense, that's the heart. Siri, realize love and repent.”

"gibberish. Philanthropy is hypocrisy. I'm sure you're keeping an eye on when the demon realm will open anyway. Because you have to protect the people you love. Why don't you try it? Would it be quicker to kill me or open the Pandemonium?”

“There is no priority in philanthropy.”

“Then prove it.”

Siri thumped and knelt down on her knees.

“I know I can’t win a fight with you. So from now on, I will repent of my sins and perish.”

I had already heard that Yahweh had pushed Buddha out of Baska.

“But can you really believe me? Maybe I can open the demon realm. Can you watch me until I disappear?” Siri laughed.

“Knock! Look! You can't! Do you doubt the truth? You will hate me for making such a proposal, right? Let me guess what you're thinking? What should I do, kill now? Then, when the demon world opens first... …

"Siri."

Sirone took a step forward and looked down at her with friendly eyes and said.

"good. If you can trust me with that... …

As Phaethon and Abyris gulped, Ciri returned with a serious expression.

“Lord, I am sorry for my sins.” As Ciri's body shattered into ice crystals, her Pandemonium Ice Age was activated.

When the temperature went down enough to feel it on his skin, Phaeton let out a furious roar.

“How dare you deceive the Messiah!”

Dispersing into powder toward extinction, she glared at Sirone and burst into laughter.

Sirone waited for her as promised at the beginning.

“By this, all beings will realize how stupid Yahweh is! I feel bad for this! I… … I… …

At that moment, Ciri saw herself reflected in Sirone's eyes and realized.

“I won… … . I… … The fact that hot tears are flowing from your eyes for the first time in your life

O

"why… … why… … ?”

It was only when I looked into your eyes with a poem filled with sadness instead of anger that I finally understood everything.

'Really? really me... …

The moment I experienced the huge chaos that formed the village turned into something clear.

"iced coffee??????

everything is clear

'I see.'

maybe it could have been reversed.

“Hey, Yahweh?????

Ciri's hand reached out urgently, but before that, her body was untied into crystals.

Cirone, who was watching the place where Siri disappeared, turned around with the same expression as the first time.

“… … let's go."

Watching the lonely weight of the footsteps, Aviris spoke to Phaeton.

“We must remember the events of today.”

"??????okay."

You must follow the Messiah who is fighting the greatest battle in the universe alone.

Also, that must have been the last message left to the 12 apostles by the Mudeung Dragon, Kara Torsa.