[150] Forced Breakthrough (5)

Sirone's berserk did not stop there. Photons of physical force continued to pound thousands of stone blocks, crushing them until they became cobblestones the size of millet.

“Great!”

Sirone was gradually sinking into the ground along the point where the ground collapsed.

Compared to the time of the test, the diameter of the zone was shortened by 4 times, and the speed soared remarkably. Even Sirone, who was indestructible to diamonds, felt a sense of crisis.

After 20 seconds, the casting of the berserk stopped. When Sirone searched through the spirit zone, she could no longer feel the magical power of the magic circle.

“Whoa, Amy, is this enough?”

No one answered. All three people watching Sirone were mesmerized with the same expression.

Amy burst out laughing as if it was ridiculous.

"haha. Please use common sense magic, Sirone.”

"what? I've been thinking about it pretty hard. Anyway, the magic circle was destroyed, right?"

"huh? uh. Perhaps.”

Amy went into the Spirit Zone to check her surroundings, but there was no need to do that.

The area around the magic circle was devastated even if you could only see it with your own eyes, not synesthesia.

Amy approached where Sirone was standing. After examining the hemisphere-shaped terrain, she realized what characteristics Sirone's new magic had.

'It's the amplification of photons using mental pulses. It must have been a magic that he came up with during his training period. Anyway, isn't this really ridiculous destructive power?'

Although it has the disadvantage of a narrow range, it was not included in the axis of the disadvantage in front of the destructive power that pulverizes the ground into powder.

It was a magic that perfectly matched the three beats of the mind that unfolded at the level of Geumgang Bulgogi, God's particles using immortal functions, and flash magic Shining.

“By the way, what the hell did you think of this?”

"huh? No, actually, I didn't know how to use it in a situation like this. My organs are all-around defense type. So I thought I should learn a defense magic. Then, I came up with a mental pulse, and I grafted God Particles on it.”

“Oh, so? So this is defensive magic, right?”

“Uh, defense magic.”

Amy tried to give Sirone a blow, but held back. It was no exaggeration to say that it was the most destructive of her defense magics she knew.

In short, it is a magic that causes a counter-elasticity by bouncing off the light curtain containing mass at a tremendous speed.

The power of a single shot would be inferior to that of the Photon Cannon, but if it was pulverized at a speed of 20 times per second, there would be nothing left around.

Anyway, strictly speaking, defense magic is correct. 

Multi-attack magic is classified as shotgun, but since the width far exceeds the number and exerts the same effect as a veil, it was highly likely to be registered as a defensive magic in the association.

“Sirone, are you okay? Are you hurt anywhere?”

Tess ran over and asked anxiously. The berserk was the most depraved and ruthless magic she had ever seen.

Since it was Sirone who was caught in the middle, he thought it was a miracle that he was standing still.

"I'm fine. It's not as dangerous magic as you think.”

“Isn’t that dangerous magic? I thought you would break too.”

"haha! It's really okay. Magic that hurts wizards cannot be called defensive magic.”

As Sirone said, the width of the sword was created to protect the magician, so the destructive power was only an additional factor.

If general defense magic generates durability with the thickness of the barrier, the light width uniquely creates counter-elasticity with the momentum that travels back and forth between the minimum and maximum radius.

Therefore, if you set the minimum radius only outside the wizard, you will not be swept away in any case, as if standing in the eye of a hurricane.

“Anyway, let’s get serious. Now that you know the rhythm, you should be able to cast it faster. There is no problem breaking the magic circle in 30 seconds.”

Amy, who came to her senses belatedly, immediately changed her strategy.

“Yes, with this magic, I can break the magic circle as much as I want. Let's destroy the magic circle first while avoiding battle as much as possible. You're provoking the enemy. And when they can't stand it, it's a strategy to counterattack all at once. how is it?"

There was no room for disagreement.

Sirone and the others formed a group of men and women and cast teleportation. The two flashes of light flew across the forest in search of a magic circle that would become their second prey.

* * *

“Broad.”

An explosion of light occurred around Sirone. As the photon curtain hit the ground, the magic circle was destroyed without leaving a trace.

Sirone's party was already destroying the 7th magic circle.

During the battle, the number of enemies decreased by 7, but like a veteran, it did not easily come over to Sirone's strategy.

Every time the expensive magic circle was destroyed, he kept his stance of maintaining the situation while grinding his teeth.

However, when the number of destroyed magic circles exceeded 15, the position of the enemies finally changed.

If left as it is, there was anxiety that all the magic circles on the mountain would be destroyed.

"shit! How long will they be like that?"

“It’s kind of dangerous. There is a limit of 3 magic circles that can be used at a certain point. If this is the case, sooner or later the range of activities will be sharply narrowed.”

"captain! What should I do? It looks like they're determined to ruin our livelihood.”

The captain of the 10th group was equally upset.

The money poured into the Freeman organization to fortify the northern forest amounted to half of the fortune earned in five years. 

If you leave it as it is, even if you win, it's the same as losing.

“Call everyone together. Lock it up and catch it.”

A messenger rode in a magic circle and conveyed his intentions to the leaders of each region. As if the other leaders were thinking the same thing, the answer came right away.

Even Sirone and the others could immediately sense that the atmosphere of the battle was changing rapidly. The movements of the enemies, even their eyes, were different from before.

The biggest change was that instead of harassing strategies with guerrilla tactics, the focus was on coalition tactics in which dozens of people were surrounded at the same time.

However, the goal of that gigantic encirclement was not to destroy Sirone and the others, but to lure them somewhere.

Although they had a numerical advantage, they were not foolish enough to wage an all-out war against a party that included two mages.

Tess admired the enemy's tactical transformation. He was certainly not the kind of person who had been in this situation once or twice.

“This is a problem as it is. They're locking us up and dragging us somewhere. There must be a trap waiting to get rid of the wizard.”

Sirone didn't care. If the enemy came crashing into it with all their might, it was a fight against time from now on. I had to arrive as soon as possible and rescue Yuna.

"are you okay. Let's break it there. For now, you'd better stock up on your strength."

"But if it's a trap, it's dangerous, right?"

“I’ll break through somehow. Leave it to me.”

Sirone increased her running speed and took the lead. If it was a schema, it could have been reversed enough, but Tess couldn't dare to overtake in front of his power.

“Whiyu. It’s a man, Sirone.”

To Tess, the current Sirone was obviously unfamiliar. It was only natural that I had always seen her kind and kind side. 

During this battle, the person I was most worried about was Sirone. He asked Lian if he could kill people, but in fact, Sirone was also included in the target.

However, once she entered the real battle, Sirone completely changed like a different person.

Fear is nowhere to be found, and even in dealing with enemies, he has a perfect response posture that can not be found flawed.

This was the uniqueness of Sirone that no one else could see.

Violence and brutality in struggle may be virtues, but the way Sirone fights was like watching a mechanical device that only calculates efficiency over and over again.

Rian, guessing Tess's feelings, secretly smiled. It was because he remembered the feelings he had when he first met Sirone.

Even now, thinking about the real sword fight with Sirone at the gymnasium was chilling.

Sirone's insight comprehends even the fear of death. He remembered that even Lian was sweating at the sight of him rushing forward, thinking only of swinging his sword.

“Tess, remember. that's sirone Once triggered, no one can stop it.”

Unlike Lian, Amy was watching Sirone with a little worry.

Of course, she is well aware of how great Sirone's insight is. However, it seemed that the factors that moved him now were the powerful variables of Yuna and Marsha.

“Anyway, there must be a trap, isn’t it too reckless? You’re running straight ahead without time to analyze your strategy.”

“Time was delayed while destroying the magic circle. If Sirone does it, I won't stop him."

Lian threw a vote for Sirone and sped it up.

But Tess agreed with Amy. While she was running, she analyzed her surroundings and said with a serious expression.

“Amy, the terrain is a little strange. Men seem to be on fire, so let’s strike a balance.”

“Yeah, that would be nice. But what do you mean the topography is strange?”

“If it were not for the artificially altered terrain, we would sooner or later enter the valley. It's a good place to set a trap. It could be dangerous.”

Nature has its own laws. Humans change the shape of things to suit their taste, but nature never goes against the law.

When I looked at the stems of the mountain ranges I had passed so far, the land was getting lower and lower. 

Besides, the fact that the humidity is high and there are more bryophytes than shrubs was definitely going into the valley.

'Nevertheless, there is no sound of water. These bastards blocked the valley.'

Block the front and pincer attack from both sides. In war, it was an attack close to the standard.

Tess was conflicted. It was true that time was running out. However, if it continued to play into the hands of the enemy, it could have been annihilated first.

“Amy, I can’t. Let’s stop Sirone for now.”

Amy also nodded without a murmur. As expected by Tess, the path gradually narrowed and the cliff became so high that it was impossible to bypass.

The biggest problem was that the number of enemies who had been building a siege so far was gradually decreasing.

“I will tell you. Sirone! Wait a minute!"

Amy's voice did not reach. Because before she could even get her word out, Sirone took her Lian and cast her teleportation. She felt that running alone would not satisfy her.

“Why the hell are you doing that?”

Anyway, Amy, who had to chase, hugged Tess' waist and cast teleportation.

But it was impossible for her to catch up with Sirone.

If it was limited to the magic of teleportation, Amy's skill was on par with Sirone's, but not enough to overtake her.

Sirone, who rushed quickly, knew that Amy was following her from behind.

But even so, the magic did not stop. Flashes of light followed one after another, and Sirone and Lian quickly dug into the entrance of the valley.

After stopping her teleportation there, Sirone ran along the bank of a stream with shallow water.

Lian, who had followed along, asked with a puzzled expression.

“Sirone, why are you in such a hurry? From what I can see, this place is a trap.”

“So you came in a hurry. Somehow I have to destroy the trap. It will depend on the type of trap, but if you use a wide range, you will be able to concentrate the enemy's attacks.”

"what? But what if it fails?”

“At that time, I would be completely tied up. If we don’t succeed here, the difficulty of the operation will increase many times over.”

“That's not the problem. could die I'd rather do it.”

“No, the reason I have to is because I can. If you keep doing that, I have no choice but to leave you alone.”

Rian realized the reason for Sirone's hasty distance. If she said she could block the enemy's attack by herself, then there was no way Tess or Amy would give permission for her.

Shirone wants to walk in the direction where the odds are high, even if it means taking risks. The thought that there was not much time left to rescue Yuna safely seemed to work.

---------------------------------------