[232] 4. Combat Simulation (2)

The moment I entered the spirit zone, the target trembled as if electrocuted.

Then, according to the change of mind, it began to bounce off in an unpredictable trajectory.

As the target tried to leave the spirit zone, Dante used all four methods to secure space.

Then, through the instantaneous concentration of a mental pulse, he pulled quickly.

When the target returned to the center, it went rampant again.

Every time that happened, Dante skillfully changed the shape of the four ways to control the target so that it did not escape.

As time passed, the target's movement became faster and its trajectory changed dramatically.

In some sections, it vibrated as if it were trapped in a wall, and in other sections, it stretched out more than 10 meters at full power.

The students were nervous just watching.

As it flew so fast that even the target type with the longest range could not catch it, the sound leaked out by itself.

“Uh huh?”

At that moment, Dante expanded the Spirit Zone in a sequential manner.

As the distance of the target type increased, the target was locked up again. Without a doubt, a mental pulse arose and dragged the target.

People onlookers were at a loss for words at the operation of the Spirit Zone, which was close to a stunt.

Olivia interrupted after a minute had passed.

"stop. The demonstration seems to be enough.”

Dante pulled the target over the top of his head and released the spirit zone.

The students watched in awe.

The ability to move the target in the desired direction, even for an instant, was impossible with ordinary mental power.

“This is the lifting test. With Class Four, you should be able to hold it for about a minute. Then, shall we demonstrate with other students? From what I hear, the sirone is... … .”

Boyle raised his hand.

"I will do it."

It was a strategy to comfort Sirone, but Olivia was embarrassed when another student raised her hand out of nowhere.

For one minute of lifting, it was much higher than the average of Class Four.

Even Dante, who practiced as soon as the test was introduced, was unable to do so for two minutes.

“I am the first in Class Four. I am confident.”

Olivia's eyes shone.

It's a pity that it's not Sirone, but the comparison with the first place in the advanced class will serve as objective data to pressure Etella.

"great. It's your first time, so try it as if you're learning your senses.”

Boyle walked briskly to the Image Zone.

As I climbed the stairs, I glared at Dante, but he only shrugged his shoulders and moved away.

Boyle's lifting began while the students watched with nervous faces.

Upon entering the Spirit Zone, the target reacted strongly.

It was much more difficult than expected. It was like a rubber ball bouncing inside my skull.

Although he is maintaining his lifting as a talent of being the first in the advanced class, the cycle of pulling with his mental pulse has become significantly shorter.

In the end, the conversion speed of the four methods could not catch up with the speed of the target, and the target left the spirit zone.

“Whoa, whoa.”

Boyle took a deep breath. He thought it was fine for a first try.

However, the faces of the students were dark.

His eyes shook in shock as he checked the display board.

21 seconds.

It was less than half of Dante's performance.

If I practiced, I might be able to get a higher score, but even so, it seemed difficult to maintain one minute.

"damn! damn!"

Boyle went back to her seat with her head down.

He had no face to see Ethella.

His own failure proved that Etella's pupils were inferior to Olivia's pupils in basic skills.

But Olivia wasn't happy, and she didn't scold Ethella.

It was a childish motivation at the beginning, but as a person who has been involved in the teaching profession for the rest of his life, he was serious about the work of the school.

“Boyle did well too. 20 seconds on the first try is very compliant. I am not one to ignore the basics. What I want to say is, no matter how basic, you should have a function. In an era where students across the country are taking specialization courses, if you insist on only the standard, you will be eliminated.”

When I heard it, it made sense.

For the first time, teachers had the idea that they might be wrong.

Could it be that he was immersed in mannerisms without realizing it?

To keep up with the changing times, fresh stimulation is needed.

Perhaps that was the reason why Alpheas took the initiative to bring Olivia.

Olivia brought smiles to the students.

When the woman with a cold impression smiled, her beauty seemed to stand out even more.

“Now, you guys might want to try it too. So today, let's practice lifting in a free class. It's the first day, so it's important to get used to the senses, so do whatever you want. Then the practice begins.”

The students flocked to it as if they had been given a new toy.

Olivia did not leave her seat and watched the students practice with delight.

Thinking that there would be nothing to do today, Etella headed to where the teachers were.

Approaching Sade and Shiina, she drooped her shoulders.

"sorry. It’s like hitting a rock with an egg.”

Sade comforted Etella.

"haha! Don't think so. Still, I feel refreshed because Teacher Etella said what she had to say. Besides, Dante is number one in the kingdom. Boyle’s fundamentals are never inferior.”

Shiina thought the same.

There may be a difference in level, but if Boyle had practiced lifting, it would have been a good match.

Considering that most summoning wizards see the light only after their 30s, Boyle, who reached the top of the advanced class at a young age, was a rare genius.

“What I am worried about is the future. Now that Dante has won, the principal's influence will be strengthened. If not done, the foundation of the school may be shaken.”

“Ah, please. What you can do in the advanced class is limited anyway.”

In a situation where there is a senior class, it is impossible to apply high-intensity training to advanced students.

Above all, it wasn't even that clumsy curriculum.

But Shiina was uneasy.

He thought that Olivia's actions with Dante at the fore had some intention.

The three watched the students doing lifting exercises.

After some adaptation, most of the students did well, and Boyle and Pandora showed off their skills worthy of a leading group.

Shiina pointed at Sirone and the others.

"what? What are they doing?”

Sirone, Nade, and Iruki became a team and were lifting with one target.

The children also stopped practicing and looked at the strange idea.

One person locked the target and it bounced off, and the other person picked it up and lifted it again.

“Oh, oh, oh! This is fun.”

When Nade imprisoned the target with clumsiness, Iruki's Spirit Zone came in and intercepted it.

The next moment, Sirone took the target and moved it to the back.

The two people without a target ran terribly, and Sirone held out for a long time before losing the initiative to Nade again.

Now all the students were staring at Sirone and the others.

Even though it was a group that had been doing bad things since Class 5, I was envious of the way they were enjoying themselves without the burden of competition.

“By the way, was Sirone’s Spirit Zone that big?”

“Oh, yes. Did you raise it too much?”

The students of Class Four immediately noticed the change in Sirone.

It is common sense to do special training during vacation, so there will be no students without achievements, but Sirone's development was phenomenal.

Dante and the others couldn't help but point out Sirone's Spirit Zone.

"Wow, that's really big. That's enough to be within the top 30 ranks at the Royal Magic School.”

“Sheesh! Well, at least it's about the same as Dante. Lifting doesn't seem to work for Dante, so I turn it that way. A typical loser mentality. Isn't that right, Dante?"

Dante's answer was not forthcoming. I was just watching Sirone and the others lifting.

“Cheuk, kids. Shall we demonstrate ourselves?”

Closer took Sabina to the Image Zone. Then the children took care of themselves and left their seats.

Their lifting skills were not inferior to Dante's in the slightest.

In particular, Sabina instantly twisted her mind and showed off her whirlwind skills. When the splendidly entwined target returned just before it left, the students erupted in exclamation.

Thanks to this, teachers were also able to check the skills of the former students.

Olivia's disciples were definitely amazing.

Even Sade, who suffered most from her, couldn't help admitting it.

“You are literally the best talent in the kingdom. How about Ms. Etella? As a Joner, let's evaluate Dante's skills.”

“Um, it’s hard to evaluate it just by lifting, but it definitely has a unique aspect. I think kids these days have a really good sense of magic.”

Shiina said.

“But it is also sad. Talent is great, but is it light? I think kids these days see magic as a tool to show off themselves.”

“Magic has been my life since I was young, so it’s only natural. Sorcerer's spirit, passion? I guess that's gone. They only seek glamor and fame. In that sense, Shirone, Iruki, and Nade have a classic side to them, hehe.”

Etella looked at Sirone and the others and smiled.

There was a time when magic was a child's dream. However, for children in the metropolitan area, it was shaped like an accessory that made them stand out even more.

There will be no way to stop the flow of changing times.

Still, it was nice to see Sirone and his friends, who still had pure passion.

When the game of biting and biting was over, Sirone came down from the image zone gasping for breath.

I was sweating a lot, and I felt relieved.

While Sirone was wiping his sweat with a towel given to him by a female junior, Dante approached.

No one informed, but the students stopped practicing and fixed their eyes.

It was the moment when the two finally met face to face.

Dante stared at Sirone's face.

'Is this the guy Master told me to defeat?'

Looking at Sirone's impression, no one would have thought that she was strong.

It was the reason Closer and Sabina didn't get nervous even after receiving Olivia's special order.

But it's not about fighting.

In addition to his innate talent, his vigilant and thorough disposition also played a part in establishing the myth of being undefeated at the Royal Magic School.

"nice to meet. It is called Dante.”

Dante held out his hand first.

The children were surprised by the completely different attitude from what they saw in the classroom. The person whose pride was hurt more than anyone else was Boyle.

However, Sirone, unaware of this fact, accepted it as a favor and held Dante's hand.

“Yeah, I’ve heard a lot about it.”

“Of course it was. I heard too. Are you an unlocker? It's perfect for stepping on it. Oh, of course I don't mean to disparage you.”

"haha! okay. Let's do our best in the future.”

Despite the active provocation, Sirone did not look bad.

Dante stopped trying to analyze his inner thoughts, thinking that it only complicated his thoughts.

“Anyway, let’s get along. If you have any questions, feel free to ask anything. Because in learning there are no teachers or friends. If you want, I will teach you properly.”

"huh?"

When Sirone tilted his head, Dante became displeased.

No matter how dark the situation is, it is only natural to check the opponent who threatens his kingship when he transfers school. He really didn't know, so I couldn't believe he was reacting like this.

“You don’t know what that means? You say photon magic is your major?”

"uh. My main specialty is photon magic.”

"so do i. My nickname is Shining Boy. I don't know?"

Sirone finally realized his mistake and stuck out his tongue.

"Oh, I'm sorry. I really didn't know. I don’t read academic journals.”

“You didn’t know?”

It was Dante, the kingdom's number one prospect in the photon line.

It was just an excuse to not know what all students at magic school knew, that they hadn't read the academic journals.

“It’s quite a provocation. There will be no shortage against me.”

“No, because I didn’t know. It's not on purpose. I'm really sorry.”

---------------------------------------