Peer identification (3)

After lunch, Sirone walked through the corridors of the Delta Headquarters and was lost in thought.

'I'm a bit uneasy.'

I don't doubt the abilities of Ikael and Ashur, but the future of mankind depended on it.

'I have no choice but to trust you. Now I have to come up with a full-fledged strategy with Tormia.'

Just as they were expecting the wizard to arrive, Satiel approached from the end of the hallway.

“Sirone.”

It was awkward.

“Where is Ichael?”

Sirone kept her mouth shut, but Satiel guessed that there would be no answer.

“You know that. Ikael and I have a problem to solve. If you tell me where Ikael is, I won't lay a hand on you. I might be able to help.”

“Why?”

Sirone asked.

“Still, even if it’s just a bit of affection for me

Is it because it remains? Or is it because you've already killed him once?" Satiel's eyes lit up.

“It’s fine whatever you say. Because I don't regret my decision. If I had to go back, I would do the same.”

“I know, I couldn’t help it.” Her expression didn't change, but she couldn't stop the sexual glow from shaking.

“The only archangel who stood on the side of the Gaians. Your sense of betrayal when Guffin chooses Ikael... …

“What do you want to say?”

“Because there is no turning back, one mistake ruins everything. But now I can turn it around. I am alive right now.”

“I can’t turn back. Even so, it doesn't change the fact that I drove you to death.”

“I will not resent you.”

Satiel bit her lip.

“So you can't start all over again? The death of her child must have been a great pain for this Kael, but now she has me by her side. It can be reversed.”

The air vibrated.

Satiel's vibration was a pious yet supernatural sound wave.

'Can you turn it back?' I'd be lying if I said I wasn't shaken by Sirone's words, but I've come too far.

'The way back must be that long.' She was exhausted, and what moved her now was her will, which even her rage had petrified and hardened like her mission.

'Guffin.'

if you can get it back

'Even so, Guffin won't come back. she took it all Ikael took everything from me.'

Sirone called with force.

“Sathiel.”

The voice permeated the planet as loud as thunder, and Satiel wrinkled her brow.

“What about me… …

At that moment, a double Mara Gallio appeared next to Satiel.

“I found Ichael!”

His eyes, which had an extreme-grade decomposition eye, were spinning like a whirlpool.

“You found it?”

Even as Satiel hurriedly looked back at him, Sirone did not understand the situation.

'how?'

The fact that Galio captured the location meant that Ashur's signal was broken.

“Ichael!”

The miasma rose again in Satiel's expression, and without a moment to stop, he broke the window and flew away.

'Simultaneous events... …

Sirone, who used Amy's perception to go there, bit her lip.

“Kuk!”

Signals were colliding due to the nature of two people being unable to exist in the same space.

“Blitz!”

At the same time as he shouted, the Thunder Dragon Blitz knelt in front of him with a thunderbolt.

“Did you call, Messiah?”

"Right Now… …

As Sirone was about to give instructions, he saw hundreds of flashes shooting out of the window.

They were flat angels.

"Follow me."

At the same time Sirone threw herself out of the window, the 12 apostles followed.

Aruta and Amy did not move, but they had already competed in numerous sums.

'come.'

The virtual Aruta gave up the regime, and Amy twisted and tried to counterattack.

'failure.'

Amy's head exploded.

In thousands of simulations, she successfully counterattacked 0 times.

'I can't win.'

Of course, Yuriel's two-legged Mara would not be weak, but his blows exceeded the scope of Mara.

'Die.'

I hurriedly grabbed the energy that was about to be disturbed.

The reason Aruta can't attack is because Amy still has the possibility of a counterattack.

'The moment it shakes, it's the end.'

A tight balance with no margin of error like dust was the only way to prolong her life.

'I can't avoid the blow by any means. It's such a strong aura that I'm sure of it.'

Cold sweat dripped down.

“Huh.”

Time was passing even as I was barely suppressing my tears.

In the midst of such weakening energy, Aruta found a gap in Amy.

'It came out.'

The insight that came from the understanding of nothingness acquired throughout his life led to his body.

'This is the end.'

As Aruta rushed to the ground, Amy felt her consciousness fade away.

"ah??????

My head went pale and empty, and an unavoidable blow came right in front of my eyes.

Because he had no thoughts, even if he died like this, he wouldn't even be able to think of the word death.

'so that… …

It was no different from being already dead, and Aruta's blow had that meaning in it.

At the boundary of the ball where the world is reduced to nothingness, Amy heard a voice that did not belong to her.

Mahavanya.

It was a Buddhist sutra that Nane memorized next to her when she first opened the hwagye and lost consciousness.

The consciousness opened and the red eyes lit up.

'Immortal function.'

In a state where she even forgot her own existence, she became a fire in her natural state.

Aruta's fist reached right in front of him, but distance no longer mattered.

'Fire.'

The flame of the red flame wrapped around Aruta's arm and entered his mouth and burned his intestines.

“Big!”

Before he could even feel the pain, his body evaporated and a huge whirlpool of fire was lit in its place.

'Aaaaa!'

Amy was moved to tears.

'It must have been like this.'

Sirone's heart was understood, and the meaning Nane wanted to convey was perfectly understood.

'Burn everything.'

The flame that devastated the huge radius disappeared as it spread like an explosion.

In the center of it, a beautiful female body with her whole body turned into fire was gently closing her eyes.

Aware of Aruta's disappearance, Yuriel slowly lowered the foot that was aiming at Ikael.

“Get up.” Since he hadn't reaped his murderous intentions, Kael stood up with a cautious movement.

“I thought I had thought about it beyond my imagination… … It seems I was mistaken.”

“Uriel, that is the heart.”

Ikael said.

“Thoughts are just thoughts. All angels think according to the laws of the universe. But you didn't follow Satiel.”

It was the reason Ikael had hoped for.

“Because I have a heart. You can change things with your will. Isn’t that why you came to me?”

"okay. to annihilate you.”

“That anger is also heart. But you're hesitating. That’s why I couldn’t throw my heart out.”

Guffin taught me.

“When you can throw everything, you will find your way. Until then, feel…”

A booming sound was heard in the sky.

“Ichael!”

Satiel, who had flown in with countless angels, was falling at a terrifying speed.

"kill!"

She jumped out at the same time as she landed, and when she raised her fist, Uriel took out the Geon of Paradise.

"what… …

In an unexpected situation, Satiel applied the brakes, but his fists were stuck in paradise.

A roar exploded, and a powerful shock wave centered on the two angels swept the ground.

Satiel's eyes widened.

“What are you doing?”

“… … Ikael was talking to me.”

“So what are you doing? Now the archangel is me. If you do not obey my orders, I will consider you a traitor too.” Uriel looked up at the sky.

Hundreds of ordinary angels were preparing to bombard by activating their judicial halos.

He looked back and said.

“Anyway.”

"this… …

As Satiel unfurled his judicial halo, Uriel's asteroid also spread into a ring of light.

As the light rotated between the two people facing each other, another powerful shockwave spread.

Satiel flew away, and Uriel cast Ragnarok wielding the scepter of paradise.

“Is this the only way to clear your intuition?” Even at the moment when the thunderbolt exploded, Satiel gave the order without thinking about stopping it.

“Kill Ichael!”

Qurrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrring!

A white bolt of lightning surged above Satiel's head, and hundreds of angels bombarded the ground.

The battle of angels unfolded.

The ground shook due to the collision of concepts and concepts far higher than humans or Mara.

The 12 apostles, who were flying in the sky at breakneck speed, shouted at Sirone in the lead.

“Messiah!”

"okay."

Seeing it with her own eyes, Sirone frowned.

The battlefield of the angels resembled a disaster that could happen somewhere in the universe.

“I will take it. Check the wizard's life and death. And if possible... …

Ikael and Amy too.

"All right."

Blitz, who understood the will of the Messiah, bowed his head, and the remaining apostles scattered in all directions.

Meanwhile, Ikael is surrounded by hundreds of angels and fends off an attack.

“Respected Ikael.”

Even if he is not the archangel, the fact that Ikael is the source of all angels has not changed.

“Why have you forsaken us?” Form Angelica El used her infinite hexahedron to bind her feet.

The binding force containing the concept of cowardice is so strong that no physical force can solve it.

“Proof.”

Her body that opened Ataraxia was a concept that would surely transcend certain limits.

Breaking the shackles, she stepped forward and stretched out her slender arms. Her fists stopped in front of Jariel, and angels rushed from all sides.

said Jariel.

“Take it.”

Ikael's heart was torn when he saw his asteroid that was prepared for extinction.

'Those who have lost their source.'

From the appearance of the angels rushing towards him with the eyes of the emptiness and emptiness.

'It's because of me.'

Ikael hesitated.

'No, it shouldn't be like this. It's something I've already promised. I will fight for Sirone.'

The thought was fleeting, but the attacks of the angels pressed her much faster than that.

Sirone galloped at a speed close to the speed of light.

“Ichael!”

As if time had stopped, a single spark rose from the frozen landscape.

' what?'

At the same time as realizing it, Amy's crimson eyes, which had arrived in front of Ikael, burned red.

'Jonathan.'

A sphere of fire as huge as the sun was born, taking over the entire radius of the angels.

“Keugh!”

Covering her face with the Hand of God, Sirone made an expression of exhaustion from the tremendous heat.

“Amy?”

The form of the flame was definitely Amy, but it was on a different level from what he knew.

'It's not a phenomenal fire. This is it.'

Dealing with fire signs freely means that she also mastered incarnation. I? re? =

The sphere of fire disappeared, and Amy, who regained her human form, looked back at Ikael.

"are you okay?" Ikael, unable to answer, looked blankly around the room.

“Big uh...”

Numerous plain angels caught in the fire were sitting on the ground with their wings of light melted.