[335] Midwinter Night (6)

4 a.m.

The nature of the ice queen.

The brown wine bottle hit the castle wall and broke.

“You children! Come out! Come on!”

Drunk Zocre screamed loudly. His pupils were completely undone, and his steps were staggering.

Ludvans and Vivian supported him from left and right.

“Zocre, don’t do it. Then what do you do if you get caught? You can't come in here at this hour.”

Depression turned into anger through intoxication.

Zocre needed something to fight for, and his fighting spirit for the world eventually made him go beyond the restricted area.

"haha! who touches me I am a wizard! A true wizard! Oh yes! I'll blow up the guards with one magic shot!”

Zocre shook his body away from his friends.

Vivian and Ludvans couldn't stop it. No matter how much alcohol they drank, they were also in a situation where their minds went back and forth.

At least, Ludvans, who did not have an injection, clung to Zocre again and led him back to his true nature.

"cold. let's go in If you shout more here, you will get into trouble.”

"alcohol! Lud Barnes! Let's have a drink! Let's drink it up!”

"okay. So be quiet and follow me.”

The hall from which people had left was bleak.

In the daytime, the objects that were casually passed by gave off a grotesque feeling as if they had life.

The image of the Ice Queen reflected in the cold moonlight through the window was particularly eerie.

said Vivian, rubbing her shoulder.

“Some lighting magic.”

Zocre wasn't in the mood to cast magic, so Ludvans and Vivian cast lighting magic.

However, since they were also drunk, the magic was successful only after several trials and errors.

With a popping sound, two lights rose to the ceiling, instantly brightening the hall.

Zokre crawled up the slippery ice steps.

Entering the corridor on the 1.5th floor, he quarreled with a wax figure of the Ice Queen trapped in a giant ice.

“Hey, Mr. Ice Queen? Good night? Would you like to have a drink together?”

No answer was heard.

"haha! Look! The legendary wizard is no big deal either. On the topic of sleeping trapped in ice at best! Is that even magic?”

- magic. A law that twists the status quo. ice queen. Wizard.

The cerebral body absorbed information from Zokre.

Optrus, materialized by Lyria's necromantic spirit, instinctively fled to the place where the most familiar thoughts were concentrated.

That place was the Ice Queen's true nature.

This is because the ice queen accounted for the largest portion of the information that tourists vomited.

Optrus was quickly adapting to this world based on a lot of information.

After a certain point, awareness occurred in the mental body, where only sensations existed.

As the senses and cognition communicated with each other, the preservation of simple knowledge began to pass into the stage of thinking.

- I think. Highly exists.

Optrus came to the conclusion that it needed a form to prove its existence. And he found a special vessel that could materialize his thoughts.

The Ice Queen opened her eyes in a flash.

Zokre wasn't surprised. Because he knows that standing on the foot of a wax figure opens his eyes.

The beauty of the ice queen made his wounds more throbbing at being so trivially abandoned by a woman.

Zocre knocked on the ice as if knocking on a door.

“Hey, my queen. Would you like to fall in love with me? huh? Hehehe.”

Vivian clicked her tongue as she looked at Zocre's injection pathetically.

“It’s completely tasteless. hey, calm down If you lose your mind here, you will freeze to death.”

Zocre rolled up his sleeves and got into a fight with the Ice Queen.

“Okay, let’s stick together. It's a wizard versus wizard battle. Instead, if I win, you will go out with me.”

As the information collected so far is classified into the category of experience, Optrus has reached the stage of judging the world based on its own standards.

- What is strength? superiority in some characteristic. quality control. Transformation, alteration, change of the physical system.

Then, a question suddenly came to my mind.

- Then... … am i strong

“Stop it now. let's go back let's get some sleep How long are you going to stay here like this?”

Seeing that Zocre's eyes were half locked, Ludvans hugged him from behind and dragged him.

Crossing her arms and sighing, Vivian glanced at the Ice Queen and followed Ludvans.

And the moment she took a step, she turned her neck as if it would break with a face full of astonishment.

“Uh huh?”

The ice queen's eyes, which should have been looking straight ahead, were looking at her.

Vivian thought she was less sober.

However, no matter how much she regained her senses, the Ice Queen's gaze was clearly sideways.

It felt like my hair was standing on end. I was in shock as my heart pounded as if it would explode.

“Hey, hey, guys… … .”

Zokre's voice receded down the stairs.

“Well, you want to go out with me… … hmm?"

don't leave me!

Vivian was so terrified that she couldn't make a sound.

The Ice Queen's gaze, apparently made of wax, now moved freely and looked around.

Emotionally, it seemed that he was analyzing what substance was imprisoning him.

Vivian was not sick, but felt like she was going to die.

No, it was even scarier than dying.

As time passed, the desire to live pushed air into his stomach as he felt that the distance from his friends was growing farther away.

Vivian shouted the loudest in her life.

“Yaaaaaa!”

The hall roared, echoing her screams.

As Ludvans descended the stairs and turned his head with a surprised look, a light flashed in the area where the Ice Queen was.

"what?"

Ludvans left Zocre and went up the stairs.

The ice queen was bathed in the radiance, and pale-faced Vivian watched it with her chin quivering.

“Lou, Ludbarns… … this this… … .”

The ice queen's waxy skin cracked open, and light leaked through the cracks.

As her body vibrated, the ice mass cracked and split into thousands of gold pieces as if they were about to explode.

'You have to avoid it. I need to avoid... … .'

The ice block exploded with a roar. At the same time, Ruud Barnes grabbed Vivian and threw his body.

Ice shards spread to the far end of the hall.

Zokre, who was on the stairs, hurriedly covered his face as shrapnel flew by. And he raised his head in amazement.

Vivian couldn't take her eyes off the ice queen even the moment she hit her ass.

Inside the shattered wax figure was a phosphorescent glow that glowed golden.

It moved slowly and approached the railing.

As the light gradually faded, the ice queen appeared, full of liveliness that was incomparable to that of a moment ago.

Vivian muttered in disbelief.

“The Ice Queen… … Are you resurrected?”

Having watched the Ice Queen's return up close, she clearly saw the wax skin cracking like a mold and filling it with a new Ice Queen.

Zocre arrived in the hallway across the street and was about to run to Vivian, but stopped abruptly.

Like Vivian, his face was white.

“The Ice Queen?”

Was the legend true?

If the current situation was not a dream, he was now confronting the wizard who had dropped countless people to their deaths.

“Haaaaa.”

The Ice Queen opened her mouth and let out air. The air began to freeze like a thin layer of ice as the frost leaked out.

“This is the freezing phenomenon.”

It was a beautiful voice.

But upon encountering the Ice Queen's inanimate eyes, Zokre felt the blood running through his veins freeze.

The Ice Queen, who had been looking at Zocre with indifferent eyes, said.

“If you beat me, I’ll do it for you. It’s called dating.”

"eww… … Aaaaaa!”

Zokre's nerves raced toward death.

On the contrary, the desire to live quickly removed the energy of alcohol and unfolded the magic that had been trained for the longest time.

A fireball was born on the palm of your hand.

Zocre's specialty is short-range fire magic.

Although the rate of fire was not fast, it was able to boast that it was not defeated by anyone in terms of power.

“Joke! no!"

Vivian shouted. From the third person's point of view, it was a reckless act.

However, if she ever made eye contact with the Ice Queen, she would have had no choice but to do the same as Zokre.

“Die, die!”

The fireball thrown by Zocre hit the Ice Queen's head.

No, it seemed that he had no intention of avoiding it from the beginning. A popping sound set the top of her neck on fire.

"Kyaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!"

Originally a wax figure, Vivian screamed as she imagined a human candle.

In any case, the water had already been spilled.

Ludvans, who was rational at least, murmured while carefully examining the Ice Queen's movements.

“Is he dead?”

The Ice Queen didn't even move. Because all her nerves are focused on her brain.

It was interesting to experience the sensation for the first time after getting the shape.

The pain of burning his face was terrible because he changed the law into a creature form.

But to her, who couldn't clearly define pain, pain was just an abnormal sensory state.

'Is this the heat? It absorbs energy and subdues it.'

As the energy was sucked in through the law, the fire disappeared in an instant and the atmosphere around it froze.

The ice queen's distorted face was revealed.

Zocre, the person who made it so, got numb in his hamstrings and hit his butt.

“Ahh, buy, save… … .”

The Ice Queen savored the seizure of the nerves gathered in her face.

Pain was a truly unpleasant sensation.

'The brain... … .'

As she approached Zocre, the Ice Queen's face began to regenerate little by little.

“It almost melted.”

If your brain melts, you die.

it's a creature.

"Help me! Wrong!”

Zokre fell flat and begged for his life. Dealing with a mage who was alive even after burning his face was madness.

“Zocre!”

Vivian and Ludvans ran and blocked Zocre's way.

Even though they couldn't be the Ice Queen's opponents, Zocre felt that the friends who stood in front of him were like saviors.

Vivian fell to her knees and ejaculated.

"Help me! It was because my friend was drunk! I never had any intention of attacking the queen.”

"alcohol?"

Alcohol. brain. Disrupting substances.

"Right."

The Ice Queen turned her attention away when she discovered that the cause of her pain was a brain disruptor.

"I don't think absorbing something called alcohol is very beneficial to a creature."

"yes! yes sorry."

“Then what are you going to do now?”

The Ice Queen asked with pure doubt.

I was born as a human and met a human. If so, they wondered what they would do to themselves.

Innocence and madness go hand in hand, so the Ice Queen's honest question terrified Zocre.

“I will do anything you ask me to do. So please, just spare my life.”

“Are you doing what you’re told to do?”

“Yes, whatever… … .”

The Ice Queen tilted her head.

"why?"

Zokre looked up at the Ice Queen with bewildered eyes.

When I came to my senses, I thought that her way of speaking and behavior was strange.

However, if the legend is true, it has been in hibernation for 800 years. It is very possible that he lost his memory.

“Of course, the queen is the ruler. She is also a great wizard. So she must rule again.”

"control?"

The Ice Queen's head tilted even more. Then, as if something didn't like her, she furrowed her brow.

Although it borrowed a human form and gained individuality, the speed of information processing was remarkably low.

However, such discrepancies in the nervous system were only accepted as a characteristic of living things, not unpleasant.

"Right. I rule. Because I am strong.”

Zokre let out a sigh of relief.

As expected, the Ice Queen was the Ice Queen. Had she acted on her trick, she would have surely lost her life.

“This is a wise statement. It is different from us who are weak.”

Zocre groaned endlessly.

It's the point where you've worked hard all your life and finally got your first results.

If he was killed by a dog in a remote place before he even enjoyed his life as a wizard, he would not be able to close his eyes even after becoming a corpse.

---------------------------------------