[236] 4. Combat Simulation (6)

'How did this happen? Is scent magic a bottle of magic in practice?'

Pandora shook her head.

Fragrance wizards are not a large number, but once they get a license, they are treated favorably in the wizarding society. This is because the smell has the advantage of being invisible, affecting everyone in the area, and having a unique effect.

However, for students who did not know the true value of scent magic, it was inevitable that it seemed like it was there or not.

Pandora looked back at her competitors.

Boyle was training standardly like a model student, and Sirone and his party were hunting freely like problem children.

What was unusual was Dante's group.

Even though it was open 2,000 times, I sat outside and watched other students hunting.

“Hey, what is it? Is this a different class? Be cheeky.”

Dante was indifferently accepting Pandora's gaze, then gave a chin gesture to Closer and Sabina, who were sitting behind him.

“Guys, is that girl looking at us?”

“Cheuk, look at the shit line. I like the taste, but the skills are so bad. Won’t you teach me how to fight using scent?”

“Bona mana, I must have said that my major was an actor in my senior year. I feel bad anyway. Isn't the girl like a country chicken widening her eyes? Go ahead and crush it?”

said Closer, turning to Dante.

“Are you okay, Dante? Even if we demonstrate a little?”

“Go and come. Teach me properly what two thousand times is.”

Only then did Closer and Sabina wear their bracelets. The fictional landscape was a vast grassland area. As they entered, the students who had preoccupied their seats stopped training and looked back.

I heard the story through a magazine, but it was the first time I saw Dante's party's skills with my own eyes.

Sabina raised her head arrogantly and said.

“You guys don’t do that 2,000 times. You have to be at this level for actual practice. Mr. Sade, please use the 17th package.”

THAAD sat in a corner, killing time, yawning and transmitting information to the core.

Package 17 is pretty raucous. However, since the synchro rate was low, there was no danger.

Dozens of monsters appeared from all over the land, sea and air as the sound of thunder was heard.

Golems rise from the ground, and ulks and skeletons run down the hill. Racchal, a monstrous bird that only eats corpses, attempted a physical attack with a spear-like long snout.

The sight reminiscent of a battlefield made the students breathless. It was an overwhelming quantity offensive that even a strategy was unthinkable.

“Huh, it tastes like it should be.”

Sabina leaned back and cast the spell. A cold wind whirled around her body, and soon she disappeared from people's gaze.

Saad's eyes, which had been watching with half-closed eyes, sharpened.

'what? Isn't that Haste?'

It was an air-type major magic, and it was an effect that accelerated movement using the power of wind.

The ulks chasing Sabina swung her claws, but she went behind them and sprayed wind cutters.

Meanwhile, the golem approached the visible closer, seemingly oblivious to Sabina's movement.

“Chuck, let me show you why we are stars.”

The golem's fist struck Closer's head. It was made of soil, but it weighed close to 1 ton, so it was not a strength that a wizard with weak physical abilities could endure. But the verdict was blocked.

'Earth Rise? Isn't that also a major course?'

Magic that raises the power of the earth and increases durability. It had the disadvantage that the caster could not move, but it boasted strong defense power that no class could imitate.

'Right. star of the kingdom Was the secret a passive skill?'

If active magic focuses on phenomena, passive magic focuses on the concept of attributes.

The wind is fast and the earth is hard. The magic derived from that was Haste and Earthrise.

Because the effect lasts even after casting the magic, it was an advantage that it could be used simultaneously with other active magic.

A wizard's representative passive skill is teleportation.

It was easy to see as an active skill, but in reality it was all about converting the wizard into a photonized state.

How to move in the state of light was completely a matter of senses, and that's why Sirone also rolled on the ground for a month when learning teleportation.

“Ho-ho-ho! slow down! slow!”

“Quack! This one is too weak!”

When Sabina mortally wounded the Closer, the process of crushing them with the power of the earth was repeated.

In an instant, the number of monsters decreased noticeably.

Since he had mastered the magic used in the senior class, it was possible to quickly clear the advanced class package.

Sade grabbed his forehead and shook his head.

“What the hell are you doing with passive skills? Is that the way of the Royal Magic School?”

Shiina approached and said.

“It must be a reflection of the capital city’s academic traditions that value individuality.”

“I like personality, but what about diversity? You have to experience various magics to know your aptitudes and talents. Passive skills can be practiced enough even with teleportation, so why are you in such a hurry?”

“It is true that it is effective. Active skills have a weakness that you cannot cast two magics at the same time. Iruki, it's a double spirit zone, so it's out of the question. Watch Sabina blowing wind cutters with Haste cast. They are doing a lot better than other students. Kanis and Arin, who learned from Arcane, are also using passive skills.”

“But Shiina-sensei, at our school… … .”

"do not misunderstand. I'm not in favor of Baska's way. I want to know why students across the country are so passionate about them.”

Shiina raised her glasses and pointed to the corner of 2,000.

"anyway… … There are students who achieve the same results with active skills.”

Sade looked back at Sirone and the others. He was dealing with package number 7 made up of golem troops.

Lightning Bolt, Atomic Bomb, and Photon Cannon were being plugged in. Due to the nature of active skills, there were scenes where I was confused, but I was proud to see them match the sum in their own way.

More than anything, I liked that I didn't take it too seriously.

Seeing them gasping for breath and suffering from a stomachache at an early age makes me think again about whether the words practicalism and school really fit together.

“Oh, it’s hard. Let's stop now.”

As soon as Nade finished speaking, the half-shattered golem corpse absorbed the soil and began to stand up.

Etella, who opened the package number 7 and left, still hasn't returned.

Of course, Ethella is an excellent teacher. However, it was clear that he was a mechanical genius. & nbsp;

What if I leave the reset function on and leave it unattended?

“Let’s untie the bracelet. That's the only way. Miss Etella is too much.”

“Wait a minute. I remembered something I want to do.”

At Sirone's words, Nade and Iruki left their seats. Even so, I wondered how Sirone would deal with it. It seemed that the only way to digest a package alone was to lose it with a laser or fire a photon cannon.

However, the expectations of the two were wrong.

When Sirone floated the sphere of light, a golden chain came out like a water stream.

It was a shining chain learned in heaven.

With the appearance of an unheard of magic, the eyes of the students were focused on Sirone.

Dante couldn't help but pay attention this time.

Sirone tied the lead golem with a shining chain. He had the tension that even crushed Tabu, so he could destroy an earthen golem in one shot, but he couldn't destroy them all that way.

The chained golem rose into the air and swung as fast as a cane, driving the other golems to the ground.

thud! thud! thud! thud!

No matter how big it is, the original material is soil. When hit with the same weight, the golems collapsed to the ground without even using their strength.

The students watched the scene in awe.

“What kind of magic is that? How can I learn such magic?”

“It must be possible because it is an immortal function. It's amazing.”

Closer and Sabina gnashed their teeth as the spotlight was taken away by Sirone and the others.

When I cleared the 17th package by performing all sorts of tricks, people's eyes were all elsewhere.

Even Dante was looking at Sirone.

To be honest, as a wizard of the same light, it was shocking. The property of photons is difficult to combine, but shaping was absolutely impossible.

'Is there one talent?'

After the 2,000 times became noisy, Etella came running in a hurry.

Nade crossed his arms and rolled his eyes.

"teacher… … .”

“Oh, sorry. Did you wait long? Would you like another package?”

Etella was embarrassed to touch the master bracelet. 

Seeing that, Sirone was dismayed, but she couldn't help but hate the fact that there were things even the girl she respected couldn't do.

“Just turn it off, please.”

Hearing the golem wake up made him vomit.

The exhausted Sirone and the others shrugged their shoulders and escaped the 2,000th.

Dante was waiting at the exit.

“Is it a fractal?”

After thinking for a moment, Sirone nodded.

"that's right. It is impossible to create complex shapes with photon modeling.”

"Right. That's a good way. How great?”

“Haha, thank you.”

“But you are wrong. Your method has serious flaws.”

Nade frowned. 

So far, Sirone has overcome many obstacles. There was no chin to have a weakness in the ability that evolved through repeated battles.

“I admit the battery of the unlocker, but the problem is that there is no other option. I don't think I've mastered the passive skills yet, but that's why the balance isn't right.”

Iruki objected.

“It has attack magic, defense magic, continuous damage magic, and even restraint magic. What the hell is wrong with the balance?”

“If you look at the inclination, you can think so. But they are all expensive magic. I don't know how much combat experience you have, but you can't fight for an hour with that. Am I wrong?”

Sirone blinked at the unexpected words. Certainly no battle lasted more than an hour.

It's not that Iruki doesn't know that, but I thought it was just a difference in inclination.

The reason carnivores do not run longer than herbivores is not because they are weak. Endurance was only a secondary issue if you could produce powerful power in a short time.

“What do you mean? Offense is much better than defense. It's not 5 or 10 minutes, it's an hour. Most magic battles end there.”

“Of course you might think so, but… … . Well, it's something that can't be undone now. I was just stating an opinion. By the way, the longest time I fought was 10 hours and 27 minutes.”

It was a shocking statement from the point of view of Sirone, who is close to a sprinter.

A bloody battle of 10 hours and 27 minutes. It was definitely an unknown territory that he had never experienced.

“So don’t be in too much of a hurry. It's not just sprints in the magical world.”

Leaving significant words behind, Dante walked away.

@

The Image Zone class was leisurely.

Even a month ago, it was a real battleground to gauge the level of the advanced class, but hitting the target was much more boring than hunting monsters.

Class 4 students weren't as eager to raise their grades as they used to be.

Ethella, who was worse off, gathered the students and scolded them.

“Everyone, if you don’t practice the four ways, you can’t improve your skills. You have to faithfully polish the basics to become better at hunting.”

“Isn't that fine? It must have been adapted to the advanced education of the Royal Magic School.”

“Dante-kun is now definitely a student at Alpheas Magic School. Please refrain from remarks that promote regional sentiment.”

Etella made an unusually radical remark, but the effect was not great.

The students still looked bored and waited for the 2,000th class to return as soon as possible.

But Sirone was different. Recently, the field that has set him on fire is lifting, not 2,000 reps.

It was because I realized that the secret to shortening the time of ataraxia might be hidden in the lifting.

---------------------------------------