Peer identification (1)

Baal, commander of the 1st Corps.

He was a different being from other corps commanders just by having a planet-destroying Pandemonium.

'This is serious.'

Above all, it was incomprehensible that the Ivory Tower, where mankind's strongest wizards gathered, could be easily penetrated.

Sirone realized from Singh's calm expression.

“… … Didn't you intentionally stop it?"

“You brought it upon yourself.”

Thing said.

“You shouldn't have come here. It would be better if the ivory tower disappears than to give Taeseong freedom.”

Sirone's eyes widened.

“Why are you doing this? You've saved humanity from countless crises so far. Why?”

“There was a time when Taeseong’s strength was needed. It's different now. When the outside world opens, Cell Buster is activated. And Taeseong will be the vanguard of that destruction.”

"it is not so."

“Trust me, Sirone. Managers are not human. They have no heart. It is because of such a program that has kept humanity up until now.”

“Even if it is a program, they have a will. He has affection for the world he has created.”

“It’s just that it was decided.”

Thing said.

“Everything other than me is an illusion. The only entity in this world is me. My parents, my friends, and everyone I've met are just programs.”

“I am not a program.”

“Maybe. But how do I prove it?”

“I am not crazy. There is too much responsibility on our shoulders to decide anything to the extent that it probably will.”

Thing pointed to Sirone.

“How you define managers will change the future of mankind. The stars that follow me believe in the fact that you couldn't prove it. Conversely, the stars following you simply believe in you. It is extremely emotional.”

"it is not so."

Sirone shook her head.

“Just because you couldn’t prove it doesn’t mean it’s a lie. Rather, it is close to the truth in the circumstances. If it's close to the truth, it's much more efficient to believe that and plan something.”

“Even though that trust could lead to the destruction of mankind? Calm down, Sirone. Even if you make a hundred concessions and there is truth in what you say, isn't Taeseong clearly a manager? i will help you It removes the threat so you can track the outside world.”

The ivory tower shook greatly.

“Go, Sirone.”

As Baal broke through the 70th floor, Taeseong said.

“We must prevent the ivory tower from being destroyed. You are the only one fighting now.”

Thing said.

“Leave the ivory tower, Sirone. you can't go down The stars will block you.”

As soon as the words were finished, Yin and Yang Ji raised their hands at the same time, demonstrating the harmony of Yin and Yang.

'A tremendous law.'

Thing's perseverance is the strongest in the ivory tower.

However, the one she was trying to restrain was not Sirone, but Taeseong from behind.

'Even in the midst of countless human crises, there is no record of the negative and the positive.'

Why did Thing hide them?

'To fight the manager.'

If her tenacity was so strong, it would be too much to convince him by talking right away.

'Taeseong.'

Sirone looked around briefly at Taeseong, who was bound by the law of yin and yang, and opened her mouth.

“Hold on for a little while. I will come back to get you.”

Taeseong nodded, and Sirone's gaze turned to the door behind Singh's back.

“You will regret it.”

Before she could finish her words, Sirone was already walking past Me Thing.

A day after the opening of the crusade, a rough alliance began to form.

In the midst of heated discussions among the leaders of each country, a phenomenon in which Dofia and Fia were distinguished took place.

'Jive, Iron, Arachne. It's an alliance.'

It was the 3 countries that held the banquet last night, and they were also convinced through Omega.

'The countries that spread the moderate policy are not. But if you look inside the story... …

All monsters of greed.

“I’ll take a break for an hour.”

At lunchtime, the leaders of each country left one by one according to the alliance structure.

“Let’s go. Jive will treat you.”

Gis, the King of Jive, took Iron and Arachne's royal family to the restaurant.

A girl came running from the end of the hallway as Sirone watched.

"dad!"

“Oh, my princess.”

It was Rebecca, Geese's daughter.

He looked about thirteen years old, and was adorned with jewels inappropriate for his age.

“This is our daughter.”

Praise from the royal family followed.

“Your beauty is already out of the ordinary. Hey, it’s because there are many beauties in Jive.”

"haha! It's because she resembles her mother. I’m worried as her father because I’m immature, trusting only her face.”

"dad!"

Rebecca shouted, and the royals laughed.

'Hey, I can't even score 70.'

Rebecca's eyes widened as Marcus, Prince of Iron, judged the thirteen-year-old.

"huh?"

I saw Sirone at the end of the hallway.

“Yahweh?????

Sirone lowered her head slightly, and she smiled and waved.

“Rebecca.”

Sensing her father's voice to live, she lowered her hand.

'Oops.'

Geese was a man who could kill even his daughter if anyone interfered with his ambitions.

Of course, Rebecca had no complaints.

There were so many things she could enjoy if she accepted that one restriction.

Watching the royal family walk away, Sirone thought.

'Why did you wave at me?'

Rebecca, the princess of Jive, is known to have a nasty and extravagant personality.

'Where did you see it?'

At first glance, it seemed familiar, but upon closer inspection, there was no matching character.

"ah."

Sirone's eyes widened.

“Death Princess?” The meal prepared by the Jive Kingdom was secretly conducted under strict security.

The royals sitting at the long table tasted delicacies from the mountain, and Rebecca was also in the last seat.

'Bored.'

She remembered Sirone.

‘It’s really high gear and looks the same. Ha ha, it was really fun back then. Did he recognize me?'

In order to hide his identity, he changed his hair color and other various changes, but deep down he was looking forward to it.

“I have no appetite at all.”

Basak of the Iron Kingdom said.

“Eating every day is hard work. No matter what you eat, eat there, and at times like this, the common people are envious. ha ha ha!"

Geese chimed in.

“That is a big problem for people like us. Eating delicious food gives me strength and running the country. So, I developed a new dish.”

“A new dish?”

Geese clapped.

The door on the opposite side of the entrance was opened, and five naked children were dragged out with their collars tied.

My skin and bones were in contact with how starved I was, and my pupils were loose due to lack of strength.

"Ahhh… …

In that state, when he smelled the food, his whole body trembled as if he had been struck by lightning.

“Something to eat! eat... … Kuck!”

They crawled, struggling on their limbs, exhaling heavily as they were caught on a leash.

The muscular man restrained the children at a distance where they would not reach the table.

Gys smiled and asked while Iron and Arachne's royal family blankly watched.

“Don’t you have a bit of an appetite now?”

maybe it's a shame

However, at last night's banquet, their bond, which had already shared the end of the fall, was strong.

said Marcus.

“Oh, indeed. Are you getting an appetite?”

As the meal resumed, the children on leashes struggled with their arms toward the table.

“Eat… … Give me something to eat.”

“The steak tastes very good. Now, Bonnie, King Jive's cooking skills are outstanding.”

"haha! It is overrated.”

Everyone enjoyed the place, but Rebecca frowned at the children's faces.

'Uh, if you're going to do it, wash up and bring it out. Anyway, I really like dirty things.'

She was the one who had watched Gis get drunk and greedy for pleasure since she was a child.

The royal family, who had been sifting through food quickly with their appetite after a long time, spoke before swallowing what was in their mouth.

“Anyway, it sucks. Harvits, it sucks. It's quiet.”

“What are you going to do in the temple? villainy? It's all fake. There are things people can't do to make a living.”

Geese agreed, waving his fork.

“Exactly. Who knows if I didn't kill people when I was younger. The things that are definitely lacking take form with those things. If he is Satan, then I am the father of Satan.”

“Puhahaha! That's a saying!” As the royals burst into laughter, Harvits also had his jaw wide open.

“Some people die unjustly while planning big things, huh? You're under a lot of stress again, huh? It's just that it can be attacked by instinct. Why, we are men.”

“Beast, beast. Kuck.”

“Yes, beast! How can we run a country without such grandiosity? People don't know that.”

Rebecca wasn't offended.

'Say the same thing again, say the same thing again. They fed the whole country. I hope the auction opens soon.'

When it's obviously not their business, humans don't care.

"I really enjoyed the meal."

Havitz set the dishes down on the plate, wiped his lips with a napkin, and stood up.

“Eat… … . something to eat... …

After watching the starving children for a while, Havits threw food off the table to the floor.

"ah! iced coffee!"

Harvits squatted down and asked while he was chewing meat voraciously.

“Is it delicious?”

A child raised his face with a surprised expression.

But there was no one in front of him.

It can be said to be quite pure in that it heard the sound of the moment, but that's all.

“Grandpa Satan.”

Havitz, who soon lost interest, walked up to Gis in the seat of honor and grabbed his wrist.

“Anyway, please help me. The word “leadership” means “leadership,” doesn’t it mean that we should all become one?”

Geith's arm bent, and the knife in his hand approached as if stabbing him in the eye.

“Hmm.”

Normally, I would have gouged out my eyes.

'It sucks.'

However, it was premature to touch the king because he still had a deal with Uorin.

“I’m bored. Anything fun?"

Havitz moved around the table and took a seat next to Rebecca.

'Shall we try sironena? Dad would love it too. I'll buy some hallucinogens later.'

Hearing the sound of his heart, Habitz shook his head.

“It’s all the same. anywhere.”

He put his legs on the table with a bang and muttered as he pushed back the chair.

“Isn’t there something different?”

Special sounds to entertain yourself.

Wizard said.

“I see it over there.”

At the end of the horizon she pointed to, the capital of Jive stood in majestic majesty.

“Simultaneous events cannot happen in the same space. I'll disappear from here, see you in Delta.”

Amy and Sirone held hands.

"okay. Don't worry, I'll safely infiltrate the wizard into the delta. Because this Kael is there too.”

The Wizard, who had been watching the sorrowful appearance, lowered his head sullenly.

'this child?… ”

While Ikael was observing him, Sirone put her hand on Wizard's shoulder.

“There is no need to feel pressured. In case of an emergency, I will be there. can

I guess?”

Killing Harvits.

"yes."

Vitality returned to the Wizard's eyes.

'I won't disappoint you.'

Sirone canceled the simultaneous incident, and Amy looked back at the wizard and held out her hand.

“Now, shall we depart?” After hesitating for a moment, the wizard took her hand and moved her steps as if he couldn't do anything about it.

'Even Master couldn't kill Satan. but i can Just kill Havitz. then maybe