[105] Geumgangseung (5)

“You’re not a kid, are you splitting sides? I am sincere too. Because I don’t want them taking Sirone.”

Amira made a puzzled expression. Her desire to protect her friends is imaginary, but she was in the advanced class anyway. There was no way that most of them would be able to fight against this side of the senior year. 

“Do you guys know that you guys are really great? Do you think you can win against us?”

Starting with Amira, all the demonstrators entered the spirit zone. The powerful John of the senior year level was transmitted through Nade and Iruki's synesthesia.

'Quack. Heck heck.'

Watching their confrontation, Fermi secretly shook his shoulders. The current situation was ridiculous and to the point of death.

'okay. fight, fight Destroy it as much as you like.'

Fermi knew that all profits are created from chaos and confrontation. In that sense, war is the best blue ocean. Because wealth accumulation is impossible unless the few winners exploit the many losers.

Fermi knew how to win wars. You have to castrate your emotions. Human weakness is, after all, emotions. Those who use the emotions of others rule the world.

'Be sad. Be angry. Scream that only you are right. That's how you raise the plate. Of course, I'll take all the stakes.'

Shiina, who was monitoring the situation in the infirmary, caught Fermi in her eyes.

'It's all your fault. He looks like a bad guy.'

I was angry, but I couldn't criticize. Because Fermi's philosophy is also not clumsy. Perhaps Fermi is even taking advantage of the situation Sirone is in.

Alpheas approached Shiina.

“I can’t help it now.”

"principal."

“Looks like this is it. Accept the student council's request."

cried Amy.

"principal! No! And what about Sirone?”

“Amy, I’m sorry.”

“How can you do this! You know, the principal! That Sirone isn't dead yet!”

"no. Actually, I don't know.”

Shocked, Amy froze. Alpheas put his hand on her shoulder and said.

“Amy, no one knows Sirone's condition. just believe in I also believe Sirone will return.”

“But why… … .”

“But look. Aren't even the kids who don't care anymore fighting? It doesn't matter why this happened. I can't let the disciples fight any longer.

The other students were as precious to Alpheas as Sirone. Such students were now spreading the spirit zone to kill each other. In this situation, serving only Sirone was a selfish act.

“I will go down and tell you. Inform Sirone's parents and proceed with funeral arrangements. We will discuss the disciplinary matter later.”

Amy slumped and sat down in her chair. Seriel approached with tears in her eyes.

“Amy, what should I do? Sirone, sirone... … .”

Amy's heart was no different. In the end, Sirone never returned. The moment Alpheas acknowledged it, it felt like Sirone had disappeared from her heart.

“Sirone… … .”

The atmosphere in front of the building was on the verge of exploding. Everyone had their spirit zones open, and anyone could use lethal magic if they made a decision.

Amira felt skeptical again. Is this really the right way? What kind of logic can precede alumni to aim at each other's spirit zone and cast murderous magic?

She gnawed her lips and looked back and forth between Nade and Iruki. Nade was already ready for battle, but Iruki seemed to have room for conversation.

“You, do you achieve it? Servant ability.”

Iruki didn't answer.

“Do I really have to do this? Your friend is too emotional. But you are no different.”

"I'm sorry, but I'm emotional right now."

"lie. no, it doesn't matter anyway do you know Do you really think your friend is alive? Is that your conclusion?”

“Hmm, conclusion. Then there is only one answer.”

Iruki, who lowered his eyes and was lost in thought, glared at Amira and said.

“Sirone is not dead.”

Nade looked back at Iruki with a surprised expression. Until he was in the infirmary, he didn't know why he suddenly changed after claiming that Sirone was dead.

“Iruki, you… … .”

Iruki was still looking straight ahead. Amira's disappointment increased. She was expected to be the most rational person in the school, but in the end, she was just a kid in the advanced class.

“If you really think so, then you must have logic to convince us?”

"of course."

Amira blinked for a moment. She couldn't believe it until she heard it.

“Then give me a reason. Why do you think Sirone is alive?"

"Because it's 4 o'clock... … Shall I say that?”

Dang. Dang. Dang. Dang.

The bell rang in the clock tower.

The reason why he measured the time without looking at his watch was because he was a Servant. The method was simple. It is a matter of counting 1 second at a certain point in time.

Nade realized why Iruki's talkativeness had decreased lately.

'I was stocking up on candles. But since when?'

Amira stared blankly at the clock tower. Then, realizing something in her, she turned her head.

“I get it now. you are just crazy What does time have to do with Sirone's death?”

Iruki didn't answer. He thought there might be some errors, but he was running much later than expected.

'Four o'clock seven seconds. 8 seconds. 9 seconds. What are you doing?'

Amira finished thinking. His own judgment is right. Her attempts to converse with the emotional Nade and her originally crazed Iruki were in vain.

“We will take Sirone. Let's see how far we can hold out against our senior year.”

Nade's eyes were filled with murderous intent from the energy emitted by the best students in the magic school. Then I heard an unfamiliar but familiar voice.

“You guys are having fun. Why don't you put me in too? This is my major.”

Everyone looked around. However, the identity of the voice was not visible. After a while, two men and women rose from the shadows cast over the building. It was Kanis and Arin. 

Sparks flew in Amira's eyes.

"you! How dare you say where is this place! I will arrest you right now!”

“Anyway if you can. I have no intention of running away anyway.”

Kanis responded with a snort and approached Iruki.

Iruki frowned as if annoyed.

"It's too late."

“You told me to come by 4?”

“It’s been 27 seconds.”

Kanis was upset, but she tried to calm herself down. In any case, the first thing to do was to end the Eun-Won relationship.

“Here you are, what you asked for.”

Iruki quickly accepted the documents Canis handed him and turned the pages. Only then did Nade, feeling curious, look at the documents and ask.

“Iruki, what is that?”

“The dragon's report. I took a tissue sample from Sirone and sent it to you.”

“What? When? No, more than that, how can you come from the capital in five days?”

It was a distance that would take four days even by carriage. In addition, it took time to analyze the torpedoes, so the actual round-trip time was less than 48 hours.

“I asked Kanis. Basuka’s geography is also sharp.”

Canis gritted her teeth as she recalled the hardships of the past. It was a mortal journey, albeit punctual for her. During the day she rode in a carriage and at night she traveled to the Dark Fort. Her speed was faster at night, but it wasn't once or twice that she lost consciousness due to exhausting her magical power to the limit.

"Anyway, I don't owe Sirone anything with this."

Canis didn't feel particularly sorry for Sirone's death. However, as a disciple, he felt a sense of responsibility for the sacrifice of Shirou by Arcane's atrocities.

"Well, that's none of my business. Anyway, I'll tell Sirone that.”

As the situation turned strange, Amira became uneasy. Especially when it comes to dragons, it was the best organization in the kingdom, headed by Iruki's father.

“What the hell is this trick? Do you think we will back down just because we are Mercodyns?”

If it was a Mercodyne, there was no choice but to feel intimidated. However, the families of the students gathered here were by no means lame. It was a battle of strength that was worth trying if we pushed through the numbers.

“Don't worry about that. Because I wrote my name. If my name is written down, I don't know what kind of prank the old man will play. Isn’t the more important thing what is written in the document here?”

"joy! Are you saying there are even magic phrases that can bring the dead back to life?”

Iruki closed the document and read it from the beginning.

"title. Opinion on immortal function and cessation of biological activity.”

Upon hearing the title, protesters flinched and shut their mouths. The people in the third-floor infirmary also pricked their ears at Iruki's continued words.

“Analysis of a tissue cell sample from the subject. Non-mechanical apnea. No organism-specific modifications were found in samples taken after 24 hours of death. Data attached.”

Iruki moved on to the next chapter.

“Based on the above data, it can be seen that the subject's biological activities have stopped, but it is unreasonable to extend that state to the cessation of function, that is, the absence of life.”

Iruki emphasized this part as if it were an important part.

“In dragon mine, there are three cases of cardiac arrest. First, a state in which the function of the heart has stopped. Second, a state in which the function of the heart temporarily stops. Third, a state in which the heart has not stopped but appears to have stopped phenomenally.”

Amira shouted with an absurd expression.

“What nonsense is that? I may not know the first case, but the rest makes no sense!”

Iruki turned to the next page as if he knew that.

“Explanation of usage. In a state where the function of the heart is stopped, the organism can be considered dead, but two new cases are likely to occur in the immortal function.”

In a quiet atmosphere, Iruki's voice rose.

“Case 1. When mental expansion is delayed due to a particular event, it is possible that the body temporarily ceases to function until the conclusion of the mind is reached. Report attached.”

Iruki nodded in agreement and read the next chapter.

“Case 2. Even if mental expansion is over, there is a possibility that the observer's time will change. In other words, life activity is normal, but it refers to a state in which the activity cannot be confirmed from the outside due to the barrier of time and space. Report attached.”

Iruki didn't feel the need to read any further and flipped through the pages until he reached the end.

“Based on the above magical findings, the subject, who is currently lying in the infirmary… … .”

Yongleo's opinion was put out in front of the demonstrators.

“Aryan Sirone can never be considered dead.”

All the protesters who had made so many noises remained silent. They also know because they are wizards. That there is no one who can refute the opinions analyzed by Yong-roe.

“Iruki. since when did you... … .”

Iruki looked back at Ned, who was making a blank expression, and smiled.

"how is it? A way to raise the dead that I have found.”

Nade pursed his lips shyly. There really was. way to bring the dead back to life. While everyone was sad and holding vain hopes, Iruki had been fighting alone.

“Now, check it yourself.”

Iruki gave Amira a written opinion. She took it silently and looked at the first page of her opinion. The dragon's seal was clearly stamped.

Further struggle was futile. The kingdom's best academic institutions are proving that teachers are right. Even if a complaint was filed, the court was likely to favor the school side.

“You have suffered a lot, Amira.”

Alfeas appeared at the entrance of the building. 

"principal."

---------------------------------------