[261] The Truth Revealed (6)

The students involuntarily backed away.

The voice of the old man, who was likely to go into the coffin tomorrow, was louder than the shouts of the young man.

However, once I realized the meaning of the old man's words, I couldn't even be surprised at that extent.

Kazura Kingdom was a country located in the northern part of Tormia Kingdom.

Why would an administrative officer who obeys the king's order come to a local school other than the Royal Magic School?

The students' doubts were resolved by Ordos' words.

“Arian Sirone is here! If so, you will have to come out and follow the king's command!”

As if it were any duty, the students all visited Sirone.

But Sirone was nowhere to be seen.

After the embarrassment subsided, I had a strange thought. Why is the envoy of Kazura Kingdom looking for Sirone?

Alpheas turned to the student next to him and said.

“Won’t you go and get Sirone? It must be urgent.”

"yes? Ah yes!"

The student hurriedly threw himself off and left to find Sirone.

Of course, I don't know where he is, and it's almost impossible to find him on this wide campus. However, there was no rush, so I had to move my legs first.

“Arian Sirone! Is Sirone not here? It is the king's name! Hurry up and come out and follow my orders!”

Ordos screamed loudly at what he was so dissatisfied with.

Of course, if you're an envoy from the Kazura Kingdom, you're in a position to carry out the king's orders, so it's clear that no one in this position can touch you.

No matter how high Alpheas was in the wizarding community, it was only a position assigned by the state. No organization can take precedence over the state.

However, it was as if the king of a foreign country had come forward directly, so the students of noble children who had read The King of the Kings worn out did not even make a sound.

“Sirone! Can't you come out sooner!"

“I brought Sirone.”

A beautiful voice cut through the metal of Ordos.

Olivia, the current principal of Alpheas Magic School, came holding Sirone's hand.

It wasn't difficult to find because I always stopped by the Supernatural Psychic Research Society after class.

Iruki and Nade followed.

Sirone looked around with a puzzled expression.

Almost all the students were gathered, and in front stood a guard and a large carriage that could tell that they were strong just by looking at them.

All I heard from Olivia on the way was that someone was looking for her.

“Sirone, go see that person. He is the messenger of the Kazura Kingdom.”

"yes? Are you buying?”

Sirone looked up at Olivia in surprise.

Syrone now trusts her as much as Killline took care of her when she was cheating, but when she heard that she was the king's envoy, she couldn't help but feel uneasy.

Olivia patted him on the back affectionately.

"are you okay. You will find out when you go.”

Trusting Olivia, Sirone took a deep breath and walked towards Ordos.

Ordos glared at Sirone with wide eyes.

It's obvious, but it felt like my brain was being pierced. Ordos asked with his characteristic raspy voice at the moment when he thought that he would not be able to tell any lies.

“Are you Aryan Sirone?”

"Yes, it is."

“To lie here is to scorn the Kazura Kingdom! I'll ask again! Are you sure you are Aryan Sirone!”

"yes! I'm sure!”

Sirone screamed involuntarily.

I don't know why he had to scream so badly even though he was having a conversation at close range, but it definitely worked.

As my mind went pale, the answer came out spontaneously, as if hypnotized.

Ordos reached out to the assistant shooter standing behind him.

When the assistant shooter handed over a scroll with the royal family's seal on it, Ordos, who opened it, raised his head arrogantly and shouted.

“Arian Sirone! Before conveying the king's order, I would like to ask you a few questions. Know that telling a lie or perjury can put your life in danger. You know!”

"all right."

I didn't like Ordos' attitude of calling people over and threatening their lives, but since it was the king's order, I had no choice but to obey.

Of course, since I hadn't lived a life of sin, I had nothing to shy away from.

“Aryan Sirone. Is that Ariane Sirone, the son of a mountaineer living halfway up the Valley of Dawn?”

"Yes, that's right."

“Arian Vincent, is it Sirone, the child Ariane Olina picked up from the stable?”

For the common people, there is no surname that has a specific meaning.

The reason Vincent and Olina share the same last name is because they are of Aryan race. It is not known to the world because it is a minority, but an ethnologist would have heard it at once and would have known that it was a commoner.

In the end, Ordos' words showed no consideration for Sirone.

It was a fact that the whole kingdom knew that Sirone was a commoner, even without adding the word that he was a child picked up from a stable.

"Yes, that's right."

Sirone sighed and replied.

I could feel the hateful eyes of the students, but I had already made up my mind.

However, Ordos persistently emphasized only the bad parts, like a person who couldn't bear to shame Sirone.

“You were raised at the age of two months by Vincent, a hunter who lives in the Thorn Mine area located halfway up the Origin Mountains. The abandoned place is a stable. From then on, he followed his father in learning the art of hunting. He later entered the Orgent family as a regular butler and worked there for two years, then became a guest there and entered a magic school. Is this far true?”

One of the students burst into laughter.

“Puhahaha! Even butler!”

The laughter disappeared as soon as the eyes of the surroundings focused, but it was clear that the other students were also laughing inwardly.

A rank butler is an attendant in an aristocratic family who wipes the floor.

Nade looked around to remember the smiling face of the student earlier.

Iruki frowned as if he was offended by Ordos' words.

Sirone sighed once again.

When he first came forward, he was not in a hurry, but at this point he understood his situation anew.

Everyone is mocking themselves.

It was a terrible thing to see friends who laughed and chatted together not long ago staring at each other like bugs.

“Answer me, Sirone! Is all this true?”

“Yes, it is true… … .”

As soon as Sirone spoke, the students murmured.

Most of them were belittling and ridiculing, and only a few looked at Sirone with pity.

Kanis and Arin, who were listening far away from the crowd, were also among those few.

“I am surprised. To say Sirone was a commoner.”

“Hey, what does that mean? After all, nobles are unlucky. All I know how to do is to promote the family name.”

Kanis and Arin also have no parents. He was abandoned on the street when he was young and spent his childhood in Radum, the shadow of the capital, so the nobles who mocked Sirone couldn't help but feel sorry for him.

“There are people who don’t. Iruki and Nade, as well as Dante and the others, are in a bad mood. Dante in particular is surprising. I thought he would hate Sirone.”

It must be true that Arin has the ability of supernatural powers.

Canis looked at Dante with displeasure and spat out words as if it meant nothing.

“Sheesh, what does origin matter to magic-crazed bastards? If you're an aspiring wizard, that's normal. No, that sucks too. Who do you sympathize with when you were born with a golden spoon?”

Arin smiled.

Sirone had the title of commoner, but they were just rootless illegitimate children. Even if he spoke harshly, it was clear that Canis was also shaken by Dante's attitude towards people with only magic.

"excuse me… … Amy is coming too.”

Two women were running towards the place Arin pointed to. It was Amy and her best friend Seriel.

“Amy, what the hell is this about?”

Seriel breathed heavily, but didn't keep her mouth shut for a second.

The first student who received Alpheas's request was Amy, known as Sirone's lover.

Of course, there was no way that Seriel, who stood by her side, would not accompany her in such an amazing situation.

"I don't know! You will know when you go.”

Amy and Seriel made their way through the crowd of students.

Since Sirone's official lover appeared, the students left without a muttering.

“Sirone! what is this... … !”

Amy made her way through the crowd and swallowed hastily.

Numerous knights were watching everywhere with murderous eyes, and a grumpy old man was shouting evil.

Sirone slightly bowed her head and listened to the old man's words, as if she had committed a crime and was awaiting judgment.

Ordos's criticism of Sirone has reached a point where it's hard to stop.

He started talking about stories in magazines, and when it was over, he began to spread personal anecdotes collected on his own channel.

There was even an anecdote about spending time with children in a slash-and-burn village, and wandering in the mountains for days and days to find food.

From the students' point of view, everything was new and absurd. Also, to that extent, the fact that Sirone was a commoner touched my heart even more.

The scroll Ordos was holding would contain only the king's orders.

At this point, the efforts of Ordos, who memorized all the details over 18 years, were also imaginary.

Sirone, the party involved, was in a state of confusion.

The feeling of having all the secrets exposed in front of friends I've been with for a year was more miserable than being naked.

“Is all this true? Answer me, Sirone.”

Sirone was so excited that he didn't even know he was clenching his fists. When he came to his senses, he was on the verge of an explosion.

He hastily calmed down and nodded his head as if resigned.

"Yes, that's right."

The students burst into laughter.

As the barrage of absurd questions continued, no one paid any attention.

Actually, it wasn't even that funny. But to them, who grew up in an aristocratic family, the past of Sirone, the best student in the advanced class, couldn't be that interesting.

Seriel's face looked at Amy worriedly.

Of course, he first learned that Sirone was a commoner through a magazine.

To be honest, it was a big shock. She felt sorry for Amy for not telling her such a vital fact.

But Seriel decided to choose the one that would make her happy.

To hate Amy and Sirone, everything I went through while living with them was too precious.

But other students had no such memories.

To them, Sirone was nothing more, nothing less, an unapproachable genius and, preferably, a stumbling block that some misfortune should happen and disappear from their lives.

“Amy… … .”

Amy ended up exploding.

“Those children! What makes you laugh so much?”

Amy rolled up her arms and walked to the students.

He hated Sirone's friends, who were just watching the situation unfold.

At that moment, Ordos delivered the king's order.

“Aryan Sirone, get down on your knees and obey my orders!”

Amy stopped walking, and Sirone sat on one knee and listened to the letter.

Ordos shouted at his throat as if it had been a whisper until now.

It really looked like it would break.

“Orkamp IV, King of Khazra, commands! All of Arian Sirone's actions match what he heard in Kazra Kingdom, so there is a strong possibility that you are the first prince who took refuge in the kingdom's crisis 18 years ago! So, I invite you to the kingdom. Be willing to respond to the call and prove yourself worthy as the first prince! more! Orkamp IV!”

Iruki and Nade screamed at the same time.

“What!”

Other students had a similar impact.

When envoys from other countries came to ask about Sirone's past, they thought it was a simple scouting offer.

It is very rare, but depending on the circumstances of each country, they hire talent from other countries.

But Sirone is a royal family. It was also the first prince who could be said to be a direct descendant of the royal lineage.

---------------------------------------