[124] New encounter (5)

Clearly, Tess was in great shape to be paired with the huge Lian. Her limbs were also long and tall, so her waistline was also deeply curved.

On the other hand, he was a wizard by anyone's eyes. He was of average height and was rather thin for his age.

Of course, physical beauty isn't all of her charm, but she couldn't help feeling shabby in front of Tess' power, one head taller.

“No, we are just friends. I have a special request to go with you.”

"ah-ha, I see."

Tess didn't believe it straight away. She could guess that it was an unusual feeling just from the fact that a girl from the first rank of the aristocracy followed as a commoner's partner.

Ryan thought the same. In fact, the thing I was most concerned about while planning this trip was if Sirone couldn't find a partner for her.

There is also a problem of status, but my personality is introverted, so I was worried that I might get hurt.

However, when he opened the lid, he brought a girl who was surprisingly beautiful even for him, who was not particularly interested in women.

Ryan has always thought that a woman should have a cuteness that triggers a protective instinct like Amy.

On the other hand, Tess was the owner of skills that surpassed herself, so she had no chin to feel love feelings.

Even if it's just the ability of the schema, there are not many men who are attracted to women who are stronger than themselves.

'Take care, Sirone. I will actively push you.'

While Lian was planning a strategy, a wagon arrived that had been overhauled. The four people, each with their own luggage, moved toward the carriage.

It was then.

"this guy! Lian~!”

A tremendous decibel voice emanating from the mansion. Lian guessed that everything had been uncovered, just by the murder that was transmitted through the sound.

“Damn it! Guys, run!”

"what? What about the wagon?”

“It’s too late to ride! look behind you! You must go over the fence!”

The three of them looked around the mansion. An ocher-colored whirlwind that soared into the sky was approaching this direction.

Not even understanding the situation, Sirone and the others started running.

“Rian! What happened?"

"shit! Looks like your report card has arrived! I was actually in last place! Dad will kill us!”

"really? really kill? Just tell the truth and let's go. I'm going to play, what is this?"

“If you are confident, try it. i will run For reference, my dad is a certified 4th grade prosecutor.”

The blood drained from the three faces. Tess activated the schema and jumped forward, followed by Amy.

Shirone's heart pounded backwards. I was obviously running forward, but the wind was blowing from behind. 

Running while pushing through the air meant that Bischoff's speed exceeded the human limit.

“Rian! I think we'll get caught!"

“I can't! I'll kill myself! You guys go to the island first and play!”

If it was Lian, it would be enough. But she can't leave her friend and go on a trip. Sirone came up with a solution even in the middle of his mind.

“Amy! Let's go teleport! Lian, don't move!"

Sirone grabbed Lian and cast a photonization spell. The bodies of the two people seemed to flash and shine, and immediately became a flash and jumped forward.

Lian, who had experienced teleportation for the first time, was dizzy. The field of view became extremely narrow and it felt as if all the scenery was being pushed towards me.

It was the wizard's vision.

Amy also caught Tess and teleported, as if she understood Sirone's words.

Two flashes of light rushed through the garden at breakneck speed. It was a situation where it could be smashed by hitting the cover, but Sirone and Amy did not allow even the slightest mistake.

Thinking that it was quite far away, Sirone looked back. But in the end, she had to grit her teeth, suppressing the feeling that she was going to burst into tears.

The whirlwind was drawing closer. It was a cover and he was destroying everything at random. 

It was natural for Ogent's symbol, Daejikdo, to come to mind.

“Amy! come here!"

Sirone shouted as she made a sudden stop in the middle of the thick forest. Then, Amy also canceled one turn to close the distance with Sirone.

A forest-destroying whirlwind was approaching from a distance of 100 meters. 

Tess stamped her feet and shouted. 

“Now what? Just to get caught?”

“Catch me! It will fly!”

Sirone expanded the radius of the Spirit Zone to its maximum. Even so, you can't escape the garden, but there is a way. 

If you can't win in speed, just disappear from the coordinates for an instant.

"Goes!"

When the friends arrive, Sirone uses synesthesia to find a safe place. He never thought he would be able to use magic so quickly in practice that he thought he would have nothing to cast for a while.

As we cast space movement, aiming for the outskirts of the forest, the bodies of the four people burned with light and were sucked into the sky.

At the same time, a tremendous wind rushed in with the human figures, sweeping away the place where they were.

Bischoff sadly clenched the hand that couldn't hold Lian's. It was a brief difference.

"this… … !”

Bischoff turned 180 degrees and braked with both legs. As if sliding on ice, his body was pushed over ten meters.

A mound of dirt 20 times his body weight rose over his heel. It was a sight that showed how much physical power his body possessed.

Bischoff looked at the path he had come on in a confused way. The ground was plowed and the trees were broken randomly.

It's all because of Ryan. How dare you deceive your father.

“Imagination schema?”

He took out his report card with trembling hands. The more he thought about it, the more he could only sigh.

But on the other hand, I felt sorry for my poor son. How much training did you have to have the muscle strength that conforms to the schema?

'You can think of it as an effort prize.'

Anyway, it seemed that Sirone had already learned to move through space. As it is a magic that even pros find difficult, it was a tremendous growth for an achievement achieved in half a year.

Sirone and Lian. Ryan and Sirone. Bischoff recalled the future of two boys bound together by one destiny.

Talents and inclinations are vastly different, but wouldn't the number of steps they took in the name of being the best?

“It must be a good memory, this too.”

Bischoff tossed his report card over his shoulder and headed for the mansion.

island. Galliant(1)

After jumping over the fence of Ogent's mansion, Sirone and the others do everything they can to get out of the aristocratic area.

Thanks to the cast of space movement, it was out of Bischoff's expected coordinates, but it was not a safe situation. 

This is because the movement of a schema adherent boasts an animal-like activity radius that cannot be escaped by a considerable amount of instant movement.

It was only after entering the downtown area that Sirone and the others breathed a sigh of relief. I still vividly recalled Bischoff's face.

No way I wanted to hurt my son, but it was too young to live with the appearance of a whirlwind approaching that I could do even worse.

Sirone sighed and said.

“What are you going to do now? I've come this far, so I can't go back."

“Doesn’t it matter? Because I got a lot of money. Let's borrow her carriage and go to the port.”

Lian had nothing to fear without his father. He'd get scolded someday, but he wasn't thinking about the gloomy days ahead of a fun trip.

They arrived at a stable on the outskirts of the city. In addition to selling horses to travelers, they also had a transportation business that hired a coachman to drive them to their destination.

It was not a situation to spare to meet the ship's time, so Lian rented a four-seater carriage that could be started immediately.

Ryan and Tess sat side by side, and Sirone and Amy were seated facing each other. Since it was a seat used by commoners, the inside was cramped, so we had to sit close together.

The carriage started in an awkward atmosphere, but the tension was quickly relieved thanks to the cool breeze coming through the windows.

Tess cooled her sweat with a hand fan and looked at Sirone.

Although he had never learned magic, he knew how difficult it was to teleport through a dense forest. As expected, he was a wizard of a considerable level.

However, if you just want to find someone who is good at magic, there are plenty of nobles. Doubts still lingered in that the shock was not strong enough for Lian to take the oath of knighthood.

"right. But what was the second magic? It felt strange for teleportation.”

“Oh, that’s space travel. It must have been a little dizzy because space curves along the axis of time.”

"what? You said it was space travel?”

Tess was startled. Her friends also go to magic school, but none of them have mastered space movement.

It is because it is not magic that can be done only by knowing the theory. It was a matter of mental strength, and it was an area that could only be conquered with time and effort.

"amazing. Did you get a chance or something? Oh, I'm not ignoring this, I know that space movement is a magic that only pros use. Isn't it difficult if you don't learn magic from a young age?"

Tess thought that Sirone had been introduced to the magical world through an act of childhood. Otherwise, there was no way commoners could learn magic.

Sirone meekly nodded. It was half right and half wrong, but it wasn't a particularly important issue, so I didn't feel the need to correct my misunderstanding.

"that's right. If it wasn't for Lian, I wouldn't have been able to attend magic school. The Ogent family helped me get into magic school.”

“As expected. Oh, but I think that alone is great. Since I was young, I competed with aristocrats, so I must have been very nervous outside of my studies.”

"haha! At first it was. But it's fine now. Amy also protected me a lot.”

“Hey, what did I do? On a topic that I didn’t even talk about.”

Amy snorted and turned her head away. She didn't show it, but she was frustrated by Sirone's humble answer.

Tess didn't seem to think that Sirone, who was just a commoner, learned advanced magic through her own efforts.

It would have been a natural reaction since they had never known each other, but I didn't like the way they dismissed the arduous journey that Sirone had taken as an accident.

It was Lian who scratched Amy's itchy spot.

“Anyway, that was only half a year ago. Sirone has only been learning magic for half a year.”

“What, half a year?”

Tess looked back at Lian enough to break her neck. This time, too, her mind went dark.

Space movement cannot be mastered in half a year by any means. Apart from the prosecutor's way of thinking, this was common sense among the common sense spread in aristocratic society.

Tess glanced across the other side. Sirone smiled, but Amy still crooked her chin and didn't even meet her eyes.

Tess then realized her mistake.

Because swordsmen and wizards pursue different directions, their personalities are often opposite.

If swordsmen speak and listen as they feel, magicians infer countless meanings from the lines of words. From Amy's point of view, there was a high possibility that it seemed to disparage Sirone.

“Oops, I’m sorry. I didn't even know that, and I was just talking about strange things. I didn't mean to offend you. I would be angry if my lover was treated like this.”

Amy's face turned red. Clearly, wizards know best how to handle language. But that's why I wasn't as immune to this kind of direct apology as a newborn child.

“My, what am I? I didn't say anything. And I'm not a lover! We are just friends.”

Although she responded bluntly, Amy's expression was much more relaxed than before.

“Since we met for the first time, it is natural that we do not know each other. I understand Tess because she's honest, but she doesn't mean anything. If there is something you want to say in the future, you can do it.”

Rian spoke directly as per his personality. Instead, Sirone and Amy were unable to answer and stood still. 

For those accustomed to arguing and weighing, the prosecutors' candid conversation was extremely burdensome.

---------------------------------------