[225] 2. Waiting for school to open (3)

@

capital Baska.

The Jerome family was one of the most powerful families in the kingdom as a family of educators who had produced great teachers for generations.

When asked who is higher than the king, the joke of answering that he is the king's teacher is not so wrong.

Even if they gathered only the disciples they raised, there would be no difficulty in managing a nation.

Arriving at the home of the Jerome family, Alpheas was guided by the butler and walked through the corridor built in an ancient style.

They had known each other for 30 years, but it was the first time he had visited her room.

When the butler opened the door, a splendid view greeted him.

The floor was so clean that you could see your face through it, and all kinds of antiques were placed on the shelves divided into three levels along the wall.

There was a leopard rug spread on the north side, enough for 10 people to lie down on, but it must be genuine because it hates fakes. However, it was questionable whether such a large tiger existed in the world.

The woman was sitting on a sofa on a leopard rug. She's in her 50s, but even though she's in her 30s, she's young enough to believe.

She's still beautiful, but she was really amazing when she was younger. No matter how fresh and tidy she was, her men hadn't even talked to her easily.

“If you come, close the door and sit down. Are you standing there blankly just because you saw something? It's still stupid.”

Alpheas couldn't hold back his laughter.

The temper to put down all the men in the world was still the same. Her voice, resounding like that of a oriole, was still the same, and it felt like she had gone back in time.

“No, it’s just because it’s strange. When I asked what kind of place he lives, it seems that he has transferred his temper.”

“It’s a shameless nonsense to break into someone else’s house and leave it. How could a country boy like you know the value of my stuff?”

Carpets will obviously be of the highest quality. So, Alpheas stepped on the carpet with his shoes on. 

It was a good opportunity to play as the person who made her, who is said to have the highest nose in the world, hold on to her by the crotch of her pants.

She didn't blame Alpheas. Contrary to expectations, however, she had an expression of absurdity.

“What are you doing now? Oh, done. Just tell me what's going on.”

Alpheas playfully tore his mouth. It was the same as it was 30 years ago.

Jerome Olivia.

Appreciation of the current teachers' council to a certified second-class archmage. In addition, four years ago, he had served as the principal of the Royal Magic School.

“Do you have any business? There was no response, so I came to see you.”

“What about me? Why are you asking me to train after you got into an accident and got your teaching job suspended? Principal of a rural magic school? A six-month temporary job?”

“It’s not necessarily nailed down like that. You can stay if you want more.”

"so why? Why do I have to leave this nice house and go down to the provinces?”

“It would be nice to have a leisurely cup of tea while growing old together.”

Olivia showed cold anger. Then she looked more like the way she looked when she was younger.

“Aren’t you misunderstanding something? It was 30 years ago that I fell in love with you. Besides, you wouldn't have forgotten what you did to me? Above all, you are no longer cool.”

"haha! It happened. But you are still pretty.”

Olivia gritted her teeth. This is why I hate men. He is a child who acts as if he has everything he gave his heart to once.

It was disgusting to see him laughing shamelessly at the subject of being an unemployed man who had nothing to offer because he had been stripped of his principalship.

“What the hell are you, are you so confident? I am a certified second-class archmage who served as the principal of the Royal Magic School. You are a 4th level wizard and the principal of a country school. Even if I make money, I earn more and I get more respect. Why can you be so shameless about the subject you came to ask for?”

“Hmm, well? Is it because you like me?”

"mi… … friend… … bloke."

Olivia's face flushed. She's all old and she's spouting goosebumps. Have you heard the late wind because you're old? She was babbling words that she hadn't even put in her mouth before.

“Tell me honestly. It was because I was afraid that I would be sad if I showed a servile side after seeing him for the first time in a while.”

“Oh, not at all? I've imagined you coming to me and kneeling so many times.”

Alpheas smiled bitterly. Well, in retrospect, she must have hurt her more than she did.

"good. If you say that, please be cool. Can I get down on my knees here?"

Olivia responded with a snort. What's the point of kneeling now and her?

“What are you doing these days? Jobs are also cut. Is it really late wind?”

“I just read books and go for walks. I also talk about things with Erina.”

Olivia's pupils were shocked for the first time.

Alfeas' first and last love. Erina still lived in his heart.

'I still can't forget you. A fool in the world.'

After 10 years of wandering after the loss of his wife, Alfeas returned and became a pupil of young Olivia with the dream of becoming a teacher. As much as she was a rare genius who established the photon theory, she taught Olivia with her affection.

Affection. That was the problem. He shouldn't have accepted him as a disciple because he was older, more talented, and above all, handsome.

Unable to control her growing love, Olivia eventually confessed her love to Alfeas.

However, Alpheas, who could not forget his wife, refused with a single knife, and her life changed 180 degrees after that day. It wasn't once or twice that she stayed up all night with her tears in her crumpled pride.

What really upset me was the pitiful feeling of having the man I loved taken away by a woman who didn't exist in the world.

The burning love in my 20s was invisible. In the end, he even committed an act of damaging Erina's painting in front of Alpheas.

For the first time, Olivia felt Alpheas' life. She grabbed the crotch of her pants and begged her, but from that day on, Alfeas didn't even treat her as her own person.

I would rather have stopped there. But Olivia at the time was so desperate and passionate. She didn't have the courage to give up her first love.

But that didn't work. Visiting Alfeas' room that night was the mistake of his whole life.

“Don’t get me wrong, Alfeas. It's not because of you that I'm not married. It's just that being a man is annoying."

“So, are you collecting strange things? Olivia, there is no human being who does not want love.”

“It is a low feeling. The reason I courted her in the past was because of her pride. Because I was possessed by a dead woman and didn’t even pay attention to it.”

"suddenly… … It reminds me of what happened that night.”

Olivia's face turned pale.

“Come to my room and take off your clothes… … .”

"stop!"

Olivia held out her hand and shouted. It's been 30 years, but it's as vivid as if it were yesterday. It was the first and last time she showed herself naked to a man.

At that time, he wanted to win Alfeas' heart. But he didn't even listen to my request to hug him just once.

'Bad child... … .'

Even thinking about it now, I was so sad that I was in tears.

To brag about the most embarrassing thing in your life. Why does it always have to be the woman who suffers?

'I can't forgive you. I will definitely make you regret it.'

After failing to get the head start, Olivia decided to get down to business and picked up the briefcase lying on the sofa.

"good. I'll see you somewhere."

The document contained information about Alpheas Magic School.

“Alpheas Magic School. Ranked 4th among the 5 most prestigious schools of magic. Ranked 11th among all special purpose schools. Pretty good for a jerk. When the school opened, it was really hard to see.”

“I was lucky. There were many good disciples.”

Olivia wanted to ram the smirking Alpheas in the head like she did when she was a priest.

“I heard about it. There is a child named Sirone?”

“You did a lot of research. Did you intend to agree from the start?”

“I think about it on my own, and what I’m curious about is that I only hit it in the beginning and came up. Looking at the achievements of the past 10 years alone, it is at a moderate level among the top 5 prestigious schools.”

“I did my best to help students learn in a good environment. Wouldn't that be enough? School rankings don't matter.”

"haha! It’s still boring.”

Olivia loosened her crossed legs and pushed her upper body out.

"good. 6 months. I'll take care of it. I will make it even more prestigious than now.”

“Hoo? What an ominous sound I was listening to. If you do, I will be grateful.”

“There are conditions instead.”

Alpheas smiled with one eyebrow raised. He didn't even expect from the beginning that he would do a favor for nothing in return.

“There are students I taught when I was the principal of the Royal Magic School. Transfer them to your school. Here's your profile.”

Alpheas put off answering and took the profile first.

They were two 17-year-old boys and girls of the same age, and they had outstanding grades at the Royal Magic School, the most prestigious in the kingdom.

As I flipped through the three profiles one by one, Alfeas' eyes widened in the last chapter.

“Dante? Is that the Dante I know?”

Olivia covered her mouth and laughed.

"Ho Ho! I am a student who deserves to attend your school. But now that I'm the principal, so what?"

Alpheas blinked like an idiot. He didn't know that Olivia of the world would put forth all his might like this.

Olivia pointed to Alfeas and declared.

“Transfer Air servant Dante and two others. That is my condition.”

@

Five wizards ran through the rough mountains.

It was a young party composed of people in their early to mid-twenties, and all were majors in their respective fields who had obtained official licenses.

The location of the raid was the hideout of bandits who had settled in the mountains near the capital, and it was a force that could not be overlooked called bounty rank B.

If you defeat the bandits, you can get fame and rewards, but the reason they climbed the mountain today was different.

“Why are you so quiet? Aren't you already dead? No matter how cheap they are, they are kids.”

"joy! does it matter We didn't even kill it. you were there too how much they ignored us. Is it all about the Royal Magic School?”

"that's right. No matter how immature he is, ignoring a certified wizard who is active in the field. Kids these days are so arrogant. You have to burn it once to come to your senses.”

When I arrived at the hideout, it was as quiet as a dead mouse.

When I opened the door with a sense of wonder, an amazing sight unfolded. Up to 40 B-class bandits were all spread out on the floor.

The students sitting at the round table greeted them.

"what? Are you late? You've been waiting for a long time.”

The mercenaries were at a loss for words. I was only 10 minutes late from the starting line. It was impossible at the student level to destroy the B-class bandits within it.

“You, what the hell are you?”

“Are you serious about trivial things? The adults are embarrassing. Kick kick!”

The boy, uncharacteristically tall and muscular for a wizard, burst into laughter.

It was Bonifar Closer, a student at the Royal Academy of Magic.

His face was sharp, with tanned skin, and his black-brown hair that was swept back stood up like a porcupine.

“Knock-knock! He said something like that a few days ago. Didn't you come late on purpose because you were scared?"

A cat-like girl, Victor Savina, laughed and mocked the mercenaries. Although she was short for her age, she was well-developed and her waistline was narrow as if tied with a rope.

The mercenaries gritted their teeth. It was humiliating for an incumbent wizard to lose to a student. Above all, it was a matter that could lead to being kicked out of the mercenary industry if the facts were known.

“Do you think it’s time to admit it? Did we win?”

Airhain Dante, the originator of all these incidents, said. He was a handsome man with gray hair reminiscent of a rain cloud and a ferocious yet intelligent appearance.

The mercenaries bowed their heads. The most important thing for a current mage is reputation and achievements. What client would pay money to hire a wizard who was defeated by a student?

---------------------------------------