[164] Late Lunch (3)

“Ah, anyway, I didn’t expect a day like today to come. Wouldn’t I be able to live a slightly different life now?”

The wound hadn't healed, but at least it was clear that the shell had been broken. All that was left was to pioneer a life while vividly feeling the pain of the past.

“What are you going to do next? From what I hear, there seems to be a pursuer.”

said Freeman.

“We are leaving. I started as a mercenary, so I have to live as a mercenary. His men will want it too. Of course, in this country, I was thrown into a group of thieves.”

Marsha's eyes were filled with sadness. Mercenaries are fighting beings. She was also determined to die at any moment, so she could laugh at the deaths of her comrades in her heart.

I've never fought for a cause or shallow justice. However, he was always confident and did not avoid enemies who came to fight.

Marsha wanted to at least give them the title of brave warriors. In this way, he thought, he should not be buried in a grave wearing a bandit's badge.

Understanding Marsha's feelings, Tess offered words of comfort.

“Actually, there is only one difference between a thief and a mercenary. In a sense, there is a difference between a knight and a mercenary. They are buried fighting for their beliefs. The politically weeded out side will become evil, but I think the whole situation may turn around someday.”

Ryan thought the same thing. I don't know about Nena or Eimi, but if she wants to be a knight, she should be prepared for it.

“There was a time when our family was threatened. I mean stay neutral. Come to think of it, Tess and your father must be having a hard time too.”

“Yeah, what. My father is a hero here, but in the colony he is treated like an aggressor. After all, that's it. That's what politicians are.”

Marsha smiled. She knew that Lian and Tess had been telling it on purpose for her sake.

She still doubts the world, but now she has come to believe that there are true people.

'These are warm children. They're Sirone's friends.'

Marsha collapsed with her chin on the table like a lazy cat. Infatuated with her long-awaited peace, she raised her sword and pointed at Sirone.

“But what are you going to do? Are you going to travel hard in the future?”

“Ah, we are going to Kergo Ruins.”

“Kergoo? What do young men and women do when they go there?”

"That's actually... … .”

Sirone explained why they came to the island. Marsha, who was listening with interest, nodded her head in surprise.

“Oh, the ruins had such a secret. Actually, I was away from the island, so I didn't know the details. Freeman, did you know?”

“To some extent. Because I heard stories from the natives.”

"Hmm, that's right. So you're saying you want to enter the Kergo Autonomous District?"

"yes. But the difficulty of the room of achievement and sacrifice is so high that I don't know if I can pass it.”

“Is there anything you can do if you can’t get in?”

“Perhaps. I have one thing in mind, but I'm not sure.”

said Freeman, who had heard that far.

“If that is the case, we can help.”

"yes? A room of achievement and sacrifice?”

“No, you can enter the autonomous district without having to go through it. It seems that Falcoa traded loops with them. I'll let you in if you show me the pass from the Freeman organization. After all, he was a pretty capable guy.”

Sirone and the others put on a blank expression. It was the first time he had been told that he could enter the Aboriginal Territory without taking an exam.

Amy tilted her head and asked.

“If that happens, isn’t the aisle different? If there are two routes from the beginning, there is no need to create a gateway to the test, right?”

“I don't know about that. What is clear is that the destination for both routes is the same. This is a fact that has already been confirmed by those who have passed through the gates of the test.”

Hearing this, even Sirone was puzzled. He expected that if he passed at least the gates of the test, he would be sent to another area.

“It is the same place, but one must pass the test. Why are you doing that?”

said Tess.

“I don’t know. maybe it's a tradition The older the culture, the more it remains. Another assumption could be to avoid people’s suspicions.”

“What does that help?

“It gives the impression that there is nothing special about the autonomous district. In fact, aren’t we also in a state of low expectations for the room of achievement and sacrifice after hearing the story?”

Freeman finished.

"Anyway, you'll have to check it yourself. If necessary, we can make a pass for you. It will be possible right now.”

“Yes, please.”

Sirone decided to accept it for now. I haven't decided which route I'll take yet, but the more ways I can access the Aboriginal Territory, the better.

Freeman, who called his subordinates and instructed them to cut off the pass, spoke again to Sirone and the others.

“Going in. No problem, but we need someone who can speak the native language. There are none among our subordinates.”

"what? So how did Falcoa get the deal?”

“Since entering the island, Falcoa has built its own power. Strictly speaking, the existing mercenaries did not suit him. Of course, now that Falcoa is dead, his private organization will collapse, but at the time, he seems to have hung out with the traffickers there often. It seems that there was a translator among them.”

“Hmm, then we should get an interpreter too.”

Yuna quietly raised her hand.

“Hey, I don’t know if I can say this… … .”

"huh? are you okay. You can say anything.”

“Actually, my brother knows how to play Kergore a little bit.”

Amy showed interest.

“Oh my, Jess? How did you learn?”

“Ever since I was young, my brother has done many jobs to take care of me. Before he became a portman, he also did part-time tourism jobs. I think he learned then.”

said Freeman.

“Good. Then ask Jess for a favor. We'd love to help, but it's dangerous to stay on the island now that Marsha is back. Because the Magic Association is still chasing us.”

Sirone also nodded meekly. Because she did not want to burden Marsha any longer, who was being pursued at the national level.

That's how the story came to an end, and Sirone and the others left the building before the sun went down.

Marsha fitted them with a teleportation bracelet.

How to use it was simple. Since the bracelet also has its own spirit zone, it was enough to recall the coordinates as if casting magic.

Sirone looked at the bracelet Marsha had filled.

People use it without thinking, but linking a magic weapon and a magic circle was a truly bizarre idea.

A technique that is impossible without connecting two Spirit Zones that are separated from each other in different spaces.

This can also be thought of as the appearance of the spot Marsha showed when looking at it from the outside.

In other words, the person in the spot will see only one hole in the space, but on the contrary, the person from the outside will find two spots, an entrance and an exit.

'The labyrinth of time and space. Maybe this world has already entered into a huge secret.'

At first, I thought it was a special incident that happened to me. However, it turned out that she was a disciple of Alfeas. 

As I went further, I even found out that it was related to the Kergo ruins. 

In addition, space-time magic was still being grafted onto magical weapons somewhere and spreading to all parts of the world.

Sirone suddenly felt a sense of fear. She might be trying to find out, as the headmaster said, something she should never know.

While Sirone was deep in thought, Marsha approached and asked for one last thing.

“A carriage will be waiting at the bottom of the mountain. Maybe we can see one more before we leave, but be careful anyway. And when you go back, be sure to find a recovery mage and get him cured.”

"all right. Thank you for caring.”

"Ho Ho! What are you talking about, between us?”

Marsha covered her mouth and hit Sirone on the arm. She no longer had to hide herself, but she was no different from how she had been when we first met. Perhaps she lived by exposing herself with her shield of lies.

“I will go. If you can't see it on the island, please contact the magic school.”

"don't worry. Clay Marsha can find you anytime, anywhere.”

Marsha rolled up her arms and said bravely. She was, of course, someone who knew how to make someone's heart happy.

Beside her, Freeman was assisting. It seems that one side is treated too superior to be her friend, but in a way, I thought that this composition suits her well.

When Sirone entered the forest, Marsha, who had been standing there for a long time, asked.

“Kergo Ruins. Will it be okay?”

"maybe… … It won't be okay.”

Marsha frowned and looked back at Freeman. But Freeman, as always, had something to say calmly.

“But I will overcome. Because they are strong children.”

Marsha looked up at the sky with a sad smile. The noise of spatial movement born in the forest split the sky.

Dangerous Deal (1)

It was already evening when Sirone and the others rode the carriage back to the villa.

Jis, who was walking around the living room with a sick body, looked back as soon as the door opened.

"iced coffee… … .”

Tears welled up in Jess' eyes. Her sister Yuna, the only one in her world, came safely to her villa without a single wound on her.

"brother!"

“It’s Yuna!”

Jess smiled and hugged Yuna. The siblings hugged each other and burst into tears.

It was a very difficult ordeal for them. It was so strong that even Sirone, who could not be defeated by anyone in terms of mental strength, had more than once or twice wanted to kneel.

Having been harmed by such people, I could feel once again how desolate and frustrated Jis and Yuna were.

"are you okay? Are you hurt anywhere?”

"huh. I'm fine. My brothers and sisters saved me. Brother, what is this like? How hurt is he that he is bandaged up?”

"I'm fine. If you come back, it won't hurt at all."

In fact, even walking was difficult for Jess. But he couldn't express himself to Yuna. Because the fear Yuna must have felt was many times greater than the pain she suffered.

Jess looked back at Sirone and the others with moved eyes. And he lowered his head so much that his sincerity overflowed.

"thank you! thank you so much! I will never forget this favor.”

Tess patted Jess on the shoulder as if it were okay. She had heard stories from Freeman, so it was only later that she showed condescension.

"Ho Ho! You can forget about this. If only you'd remember what I said when we left. If you really appreciate it, you should show it with your actions from now on, right?”

"huh? What are you talking about?"

Jess, unable to understand Tess' words, blinked. Not only Sirone and the others, but even Yuna was looking at her smiling.

* * *

Jis, who left the room after putting the tired Yuna to sleep, returned to the table. Sipping herbal tea, he resumed his paused talk.

“So, you enter the autonomous district through Kergo Ruins, right? That's why you need an interpreter.”

"huh. After listening to Yuna, she said you could do it? I want to know what level it is.”

“As long as it’s about everyday conversation, there’s no problem. I can guide you. Hmm, but entering the Aboriginal Territory means… … .”

Jess made a subtle expression and stroked his chin.

"what's the matter? You don't look good, is there anything that catches you?"

"no it's okay. I'll guide you anyway. I don't know why I'm going there, but it's a special place. It's not that it's secret, it's an area strictly controlled by the Galliant government. Will you be okay though?”

---------------------------------------