[62] Invisible (2)

“Is there anything you have in mind?”

“Let’s set a psychological trap. Like this.”

Sirone called his friends and explained the strategy. After hearing the story, Nade and Iruki didn't say anything. Shirone, who lost a bit of confidence, added his words.

“Even if it’s not necessary to do it this way, won’t the odds go up if you do it once? For example, if you use keywords... … .”

Iruki shook his head.

“No, Sirone, I think it will be fine. It's not good enough, but I'm sure you'll succeed. This is pretty bizarre. With this method, the recital can be used as a double track.”

After the overall picture was drawn, Sirone and the others began to plan a detailed strategy.

“The remaining problem is this. How do you make a ghost?”

The technical part was Nade's specialty. When he got up from the sofa and cast Lightning Shadow, another Nade made of electrical afterimages appeared.

“If you cast Lightning Shadow in this way, you can create a realistic ghost shape. But no one will be fooled by this. Because I can't move."

“Then you can start thinking about it from there. What should I do to make the ghost's image move?"

“This is what comes to mind right now. For example, to make the Lightning Shadow move, you need to cast magic at great speed.”

Nade moved forward while casting Lightning Shadow in succession. It was disconnected, but the afterimage seemed to be walking.

"Right. You mean you can use optical illusions to make it look real?”

"that's right. But magic alone has its limits. Moreover, I can't increase the number of objects with my level.”

Sirone asked.

“How about using a mechanical device?”

“It is not as easy as it sounds. Even if you make a device, there are a lot of things to consider. The biggest problem is that just moving doesn't fool people. To really look like a ghost, you have to be responsive to external stimuli.”

For Nade, who had made a hologram device, the degree to which the illusion of a ghost is realized is not a problem. But if you can't react to people's actions, you'll quickly notice that it's fake.

Iruki, who was struggling with something, said.

“People’s reactions… … How about predicting in advance?”

“Predicting reactions?”

“It introduces the complex system theory. It analyzes all the behavioral patterns of the public and programs them. A way to create the illusion of receiving feedback. But it's a huge amount of information. We need a medium and control system to convey the information.”

“Hmm. is information transmission. Certainly there are limits to my electrical power. then… … ah!"

Nade looked back at Sirone. 

“Photon output! There was Sirone's photon output!”

"aha. With photon output… … .”

Sirone also thought there was a possibility. It's a magic learned to take the targeting test, but I heard that research on conveying information through photon output is in full swing in the sharp edge of the wizarding society.

“It's sorted out now. Nade creates a hologram device. I'm going to write a program for the device. It is the Sirone's photon output that transmits my program to the device. It will probably require a lot of output, can you do it?”

“You must do it. How did you seize the opportunity?”

It was a ray of light in the darkness. Nade was thrilled that she had hope for something she thought was impossible.

"can do. You can protect the study group. Of course, assuming there are no accidents.”

“If you succeed, the school will turn upside down, right?”

“Isn’t that enough? There will be an uproar. i'm going to walk here Besides, I think it would be so much fun. Cheek. Are you already looking forward to the teachers’ reaction?”

Sirone and the others looked at each other and smiled meaningfully. With the survival of the Supernatural Psychic Research Society at stake, an unprecedented event in the history of magic schools was about to happen.

* * *

Sirone spent time increasing the power of the photon output. The key was to increase the strength of the output while increasing the retention time. Photons with no mass cannot be used as offensive magic because they cannot exert physical force, but this time, that characteristic was rather an advantage. This is because you can go into any warehouse in Estas and train.

Sirone raised her concentration with a magical action with both hands out and cast photon output. A ray of light spread in a circle on the wall. First of all, it was time. If you couldn't hold out for 10 minutes in this state, increasing the output was a dream come true.

Shooting photon output for 10 minutes is beyond the level of Class 5, but Nade's hologram device and Iruki's complex system equation were equally challenging anyway.

'I have to do it. I… … .'

Sirone gritted his teeth and endured. After 3 minutes passed, my consciousness became hazy. At the time of the speed gun test, a single photon output lasted only about a minute. Compared to that, it was a remarkable growth, but still far short of the target.

“Heo-eok! omg!"

The time he endured with all his strength was 3 minutes and 20 seconds. In the next 15 days, I had to increase this time to 10 minutes. After he measured his record, he must rest 20 minutes. It was a training that could be life threatening if you neglect rest.

Sitting down, Sirone paid attention to the noise coming from the next room. It seemed that Nade had gone into welding. During her break, she decided to take a look at the situation there. When she opened the door to the room next to her, Nade was buried in all sorts of parts.

“Hey, are you here? What about output times?”

"so so. increased by 20 seconds What about that one?”

"As you can see, we're still working on the engine."

“Can you make it on time?”

“You have to match. don't worry. The original prototype took time. Once you get into the production process, even if you find an error, it's difficult to correct it. That’s why I’m taking my time and doing it meticulously.”

"I see. Anyway, what happened to what Iruki said?”

“Oh, that? got it yesterday this."

Nade threw a finger-thick string at Sirone's feet. The outer shell was made of rubber, and a transparent membrane like quartz penetrated the inside. It was an item that Iruki had specially requested from his father, who was the head of the dragon, and airlifted it.

Since 300 hologram devices were planned to be installed in the elements of the school, it was impossible for Sirone to cast photon output on all devices alone.

At first, Nade thought of a mirror. When Sirone casts a photon output, it was transmitted to the mechanical device using the property of total reflection of light. However, there were too many sections where the light had to be bent to be realized in reality.

Nade wondered what it would be like if there were a lot more mirrors. He came to the conclusion that if you attach a mirror to a small hose to make a tunnel through which light passes, you can create a bending effect like differentiating a straight line.

Nade proudly announced this. She added that if she could make it, she would sit on a cushion of money from that day on. & nbsp;

But Iruki broke colic. In the letters from his father that arrive every month, various issues of the Wizarding Society are written, because the same item Nade mentioned in the letter a few months ago was already introduced. The name was 'optical fiber'.

Nade's disappointment was indescribable. Even in the ivory tower, which is at the cutting edge of magic, it was a field that had just entered development, so even Iruki regretted it.

But when he received the item and analyzed it, Nade shook his head. His sophisticated engineering skills were accumulated to the extent that he could never make it with his current level.

'Still, you thought the same as the ivory tower. Nade is really amazing too.'

Sirone took the fiber optic and examined it closely. He couldn't tell what was so great about seeing it with his own eyes.

“Still, I managed to save it.”

After welding, Nade rubbed his red eyes and stood up.

“Even on the Ivory Tower side, it's in its early stages, so you won't be able to expect performance. Let's start with a demonstration. I have something I made as a tester.”

Nade handed over the modified optical fiber to Sirone. Unlike the one shown earlier, a transparent orb was attached to the tip.

“What can I do with this?”

“Just hold onto it and cast Photon Output. I'll calculate the efficiency, so try it now. Instead, you have to pour it all out. Because measuring the maximum is important.”

Sirone grabbed the crystal ball and cast photon output. The break was over anyway, so there was nothing rough. A light source formed in his hand, and the crystal ball glowed pale. The needle began to wiggle in Nade's device, which was connected to an optical fiber. Nade, who had been watching the instrument panel until the 3-minute limit had passed, said in a sullen voice.

“Haa, Iruki is right. Is this a very early development? Well, should I consider this level of intelligence?”

“Isn’t it so bad?”

“Efficiency is only 18 percent. That means only 18 percent of the amount of light you send out will reach its destination.”

“18 percent… … .”

The moment he heard it, even Sirone collapsed. It was said that if the transfer efficiency is 18% in a situation where even maintaining the photon output for 10 minutes is far away, you have to increase the output by five times to reach 100%.

“Sirone, can you do it? You'll never succeed if you don't increase your output. The high-output energy of magic cannot be realized even with machines.”

Sirone nodded her head as if she was suffocating the camp.

“I’ll try. If you practice, you'll be able to do anything."

“Can you really do it?”

"okay. don't worry. 'Cause I'll try to do something Then I go back to practice.”

“Really? Are you really doing it?”

Shirone turned her head and shouted as she left the door.

“I got it!”

* * *

Sirone sprawled out in the warehouse and gasped for breath. After casting photon output for half a day, the aftermath was reaching beyond the mind to the body.

“Whoa! Whoa!”

The last recorded photon output was 3 minutes and 20 seconds. There was no difference from the record measured in the morning. However, it was as if there was a result because it was a record reached in a state of mental exhaustion. Considering that the record had dropped to 2 minutes and 34 seconds an hour ago, it was effective to fight hard at the last minute.

'Even so, it is an extremely insufficient number. How can I achieve 10 minutes with this?'

It may have been impossible from the start. Since the photon output is an ejection type, it consumes mental power much faster than single-shot active magic. Maintaining such magic for 10 minutes was only possible in the world of the pros.

“Ha, I don’t know. I'll try again tomorrow in good condition."

Nade opened the warehouse door and came in.

“Sirone, are you done?”

"uh. I can't even die today I need to get some rest.”

“I’m dying of exhaustion after only seeing Spark. It's past midnight. Let’s go back to Iruki.”

Has the time ever been like that? When I calculated it, it was only outputting photons for more than 7 hours. It was a life-threatening level of training. If the school found out about this, they would definitely be banned from practicing magic.

Sirone struggled to get up. Nade's face was also nonsensical. Her eyes were sunken, and her complexion was red from the long exposure to the light.

Returning to the study group, Iruki was quickly playing with his pen, laying out a bird's eye view of the school. It was solving the behavior pattern into an equation, taking into account the variables that would occur on the day of the operation.

Nade looked at him anxiously. Neither Shironena herself nor Iruki seemed to have moved her buttocks once since they were attached.

“How are you, Iruki? Are the calculations good?”

Iruki said without taking his eyes off the notebook.

"so so. Don't worry, I can make it on time.”

Nade was heartbroken because his excessive greed seemed to hurt his friends' bodies.

“Was that too much to ask for? To be honest, calculating all the behavior patterns of all students... … .”

"you can do it. Because you can. don't talk Are you busy now."

After that, Iruki closed his mouth. The formulas were written down frighteningly quickly on the notebook. 

---------------------------------------