[114] Report card at the end of the semester (6)

However, grades did not go up.

I heard that I had mastered the schema a month ago, but the pace of reinforcement was so slow that I doubted if it was true.

“No matter how bad I am, you won’t know until you try. Who knows that things will work out unexpectedly if you try?”

“Huhu, yes, that sounds like you.”

Tess had never seen Lian nervous. It was a strange feeling that Lian, who had the weakest ability, remained calm before an exam that could result in the amputation of limbs.

'Well, it was like that then.'

It was during the probationary period that Tess got to know Lian.

Swordsmen are naturally fond of fighting. Since 300 such children gathered, the atmosphere was bloody from the first day. The instructors did not particularly interfere with the work in the barracks. Then, as expected, some wolves bared their teeth.

Sequencing was instantaneous.

Those who learned the schema were in the 1st group, those with strong physical abilities were in the 2nd group, and those who were not this or that were in the 3rd group. The problem was that the cadets were not even in the 3rd group. They were boys who had no interest in swords, but were pushed in by their parents' annoyance.

Group 1's leader, Richard Feiger, bullied the boys relentlessly. He has a savage temperament, and since he has been legally admitted to a military academy that teaches the art of killing, he has been let loose.

Tess didn't care. In terms of skills, 1 group or 10 or so women among the apprentices were free from competition for rank.

At that time, Lian's rank was in the middle of Group 2. 

At this level, he wasn't in a position to be bullied, but Lian didn't get along with anyone. There was one reason why he applied for swordsmanship school. Graduation doesn't matter. He only had the idea that he had to somehow improve his skills and become a swordsman worthy of Shirone.

“Puhahaha! Hey, run! sooner!”

“Hee hee hee! Hee hee hee!”

One day, in the barracks, the first group of cadets rode on the backs of weak children and had a race. Every time I hit the buttocks of the boys playing the role of horses with a club, the horses neighed.

Some of the cadets frowned, but most of them were enthusiastic about cheering as if they were watching a real horse race. It was a small but real money race. Besides, if you showed dislike, you could become the person who crawls under them.

“Faster! win! win!”

Piger, who runs the lead, was excited. He was a man who did his best in any race, no matter how jokingly, befitting his personality that did not tolerate defeat in any job. As the finish line came into view, the sticking intensified. The cadet who became a racehorse had to crawl until his knees were bleeding with tears in his eyes.

“Hee hee hee! Hee hee!”

"Oh yea! I'm 1st... … !”

As he was about to cross the finish line, a blurry afterimage appeared in Piger's eyes. Then, a strong shock hit the bridge of his nose.

“Aww!”

Unknowingly, the kicked Pyger fell off the racehorse's back. In the meantime, the latecomers crossed the finish line one after another.

“Do it in moderation. Is this your playground?”

Pyger held his throbbing nose and glared at the blue-haired boy.

“You child… … !”

Ogent Rian. 

As far as Pyger knew, even in the 2nd group, their skills were mediocre. His pride was hurt when he realized that he had been hit by someone he hadn't even mastered the schema for.

“What are you? do you want to die?”

Ryan didn't answer. His reserved nature did not change even after entering the swordsmanship school. He doesn't make up any words if he has nothing to say.

“Look at this kid… … .”

Pyger stood up revealing his will to live. It was an immediate situation, but none of the cadets who were terrified could come forward.

Of course, there were those who did not feel the need. Tess was one of those people.

This was a swordsmanship school. Nothing will change if you stand up for the weak in a group to learn war skills. In the end, the situation would be sorted out according to the order of power.

“Hey, isn’t that Lian? I ended up having an accident.”

Tess looked back. She had a female cadet like her, but a girl a head taller than the boys, perched like her wall.

“Do you know that child’s name? It doesn't look very strong."

“Weak. But stubborn. The other day, group 2 kids got together and collected some money. It's Piger's birthday. But the only person who didn’t pay was Lian.”

“Aha, is that why it was filmed?”

“I must have waited. But she was honestly surprised. I thought he had a quiet personality, but he is surprisingly hot-tempered.”

“Hmm… … .”

Only then did Tess take a closer look at Lian. He still kept his mouth shut, but he didn't seem to want to back down either.

'I have a kid like that. Certainly the kingdom is large.'

The excitement ended there. Due to the influence of her father, the commander of her occupied territory, she grew up watching a lot of geeks from her childhood.

No matter how much I believed in it, if the sword wasn't strong, it was the bottom line that it would break.

“Quack. Has this kid gone dumb? It's too late to regret it Surely you didn’t want to buy it after doing something like this, did you?”

"Let's go outside. If the instructor knows, it's not good for the evaluation.”

Pyger was not amused. He should have begged for his life right now, but rather avoided the instructor's eyes and said that he should fight.

“Come on, don’t do as you wish. Follow me. All the others follow. I'll show you what happens if you attack me.”

Pyger took Lian to the vacant lot behind the building. Groups 1 to 3 were located behind Piger, and the only ones standing on Lian's side were the children outside the group.

But they had already lost their will to fight. No, I didn't come here with the intention of fighting from the beginning. It's just that I didn't belong to the group of pigers. In my heart, I resented Lian for making things this far.

“Hey, those who don’t want to be beaten, come over here.”

Pyger handed over the indulgences. The cadets didn't even worry. I passed Ryan's side and rushed to the other side.

“Puhahaha! pitiful things. Hey Lian. What are you going to do now? Everyone has run away and only you are left.”

“To rely on numbers. From the start, the buds are yellow.”

“What is it?”

“If you have no choice but to fight, fighting is a knight. You don't even deserve to be a knight.”

Pyger snorted. Anyway, when war breaks out, it is a knight to bite and tear each other like dogs. Chivalry was nothing more than a wrapper for those who survived it to exalt themselves. 

“Okay, let's see if your fist is as strong as your muzzle. Let me face you directly. You'd better not be at ease. If I do it alone, it means I will kill you.”

Ryan raised his fist and took a fighting stance. On the other hand, Piger walked slowly as if he were taking a walk.

“I’ll give you one shot. Hit it first.”

When Pyger flicked his fingers, Lian threw a fist. At that moment, Piger, who avoided the attack, struck Lian in the abdomen.

“Ouch!”

Lian's eyes widened in pain from the tearing of her stomach. It felt like a heavy rock had been pushed into my stomach. Is this a schema-enhanced fist?

“You fool. Why am I hitting you?”

It was a firer mocking Lian, but it was surprising that he couldn't finish it in one blow. he was too careless He thought about that, and this time, he poured out a series of hits with all his heart.

Ryan was on the verge of embarrassment. It was a bare-handed confrontation, but the schema itself was a murder weapon. It was like being beaten by a heavy soldier. 

As Piger's fists were driven into the abdomen, Lian's legs rose above the ground. 

When he landed again, even the toughest Lian couldn't stand. Bent at the knees, Lian's body plummeted toward the ground.

'Well then... … .'

Pyger sneered at Lian. At that moment, Lian jumped out like an arrow and burrowed into her arms.

'what? Are you still holding out?'

Pieger was perplexed. Lian couldn't master the schema. He could also tell by the feel of his fist that he was in the right place. Unless he defended himself with a schema, he should have already lost his mind.

Lian focused on attacking Piger's ship. If you glared at his face, he would easily dodge. However, if you cover the opponent's view with a wide back and attack from below, even a fighter cannot hastily counterattack.

The operation was major and the Piger retreated one after another. His stomach throbbed with each punch.

'What is this bastard?'

From the point of view of Piger, it was worth winning. It was a disgraceful thing to have a melee with a guy who couldn't even handle the schema.

“What a son of a bitch!”

Piger let go of the string of reason. Grabbing Ryan's shoulder and pushing him away, he wrung his fists frantically. A dull sound of blows echoed through the clearing. The cadets watched the one-sided beating with pale faces.

When Piger came to his senses, Lian was lying crumpled like a rag. But she still didn't faint. Her Pygear's eyes caught fire as her Rihanna's fingers wiggled.

“Aaaaaa! it's annoying!"

Pyger's kick bombarded Lian. Finally realizing the seriousness of the situation, the children of Group 1 came running.

“Hey, stop! You really die like this!”

“Let go! I will kill you! Die, you bastard!”

Ryan's reaction gradually slowed down and finally stopped moving. Pyger looked around him. Seeing the horror on the cadets' faces relieved them a little.

“Listen straight up! If you open up to me, this is what happens! Hey, get the rope!”

Rian was completely stripped, leaving only her bottoms. There were bruises all over her hard, muscular body. Piger thought he should set an example at this point and hung the roped Lian from a tall tree.

Blood dripped from Lian's face, bent like a shrimp.

“Puhahaha! Are you a worm on a fishing pole? So why are you messing around without knowing the subject?”

“Quack. Oh, I'm really embarrassed. I pretended to be unlucky and I was caught properly.”

Words of ridicule poured out from here and there. It was as if the war had been won.

Tess frowned. No matter how weak he is, he gives a person such a disgrace. 

Besides, there were also women of the same age in this place. What is Ryan thinking right now? No, how much did she get her heart broken?

"eww… … .”

Ryan came to his senses. He didn't lose consciousness, but he wasn't sane either. Many cadets were giggling. It was like watching monkeys in a zoo.

Tess met Lian's eyes. She tried to put on a calm expression. Even sympathy would hurt in his current condition. However, Lian broke expectations and winked with a smile.

“Ah, sorry about this. There are ladies too.”

Tess still maintained her nonchalant expression, but a strange chemical reaction was taking place inside her.

“Puhaha! What are you talking about now? Even in this situation, you are bluffing. Weren't you just stupid?"

“Yaya! Be honest. What do you think you'll look like if you pretend to be proud of a subject that's beaten to death? You are so funny right now.”

“Are you embarrassed? embarrassing? What's that like in front of women? I'd rather bite my tongue and die."

Lian looked down at the cadets. His eyes remained calm despite the many mockery.

"are you okay. Even if it’s embarrassing.”

“Puhaha! Well, guys like you should live like that for the rest of their lives. Or are you a pervert? Are you enjoying yourself right now?”

Ryan said calmly.

"Because you'll soon forget."

Silence has arrived. An unknown and anxious aura dominated the silence.

“I fought to the best of my ability, so I am not ashamed. As time goes by, I don't even know if there was a day like today. by the way… … Can you guys really forget?”

No answer came back. Their hearts were all beating fast.

“The images of you guys who rolled up their tails without even fighting will probably follow you for the rest of your life. and you'll regret it If I had fought then, if I had stood up then. But you know what? That you can't turn back time.”

The cadets' faces trembled. It was a different form of fear from Piger's violence.

---------------------------------------