ugly (2)

Anchal couldn't hide his emotions.

“I know it is absurd. But what else is there to do besides this? maybe... … Maybe we can turn around.”

It was the first hope.

'There's definitely a chance. If you close the psychic realm... … Hell's army is just too many.'

Sirone was lost in thought.

'Something that will never be forgiven. This makes Ma stronger. But this

At this time... …

He would forever be trapped in the spirit of the voice.

“Sirone, the quality is different from the one I chose in Kashan's capital. With this, Ma is sealed forever. Send the princess. You have your fights.” If the Gustav Empire is not defeated, the demons in the central continent cannot be retreated.

'Amy.'

My family in Tormia would die.

“I’ll go to Seongeum.”

Is there no way you can tolerate it?

“You guys have lost your temper. You don't just die, you have to be imprisoned in hell forever. Can you do it?”

"okay! I lost my temper!”

Anchal shouted.

“In this situation, being cool is rather crazy. Not everyone is as tough as you. you are crazy! That we are normal!”

Really?

Is it crazy to turn a blind eye to the death of family members and seek the Holy Spirit in the face of the crisis of a loved one?

Anchal grabbed Sirone by the collar.

“Stay still. just… … don't think anything It will be over soon. After it's over, you just have to think about it from then on.”

“Leave this.”

Sirone's eyes narrowed coldly.

"Unless you want to see what's really crazy."

Ahnchal, who shook his shoulders in shock at the death that seemed like his throat was being cut, loosened his collar.

“… … Do you really want to go?” Life also bloomed in Anchal.

"I'm going."

“I am dying because of you. All of humanity will suffer because of you. Because of you, it's all because of you!"

couldn't resist

'The voice choice is the strongest number. Certainly I can't outperform her better than her.'

Practice ultimate love.

'The horse is truly beautiful.'

Everyone dreams of such a world, but in the end, what comes back to Sirone is the condemnation of all mankind.

'me : yes.'

Ironically, it was Nane who emerged from the crossroads of choice without a single ally.

'What would you have done?'

I felt like I could hear Nane's answer.

'Yes, I am right. but… … Tears flowed down Sirone's cheeks as he raised his head.

'You can never be wrong.'

It's not wrong.

Isn't it because you're right, not because you're not wrong, that you're protecting this world until the end?

“Calm down, Anchal.”

Sirone gritted his teeth and said.

“What more explanation do you want? No matter what philosophy, what belief, what emotion... …

life is gone

"It's right to seek the voice."

“I will kill you.”

Anchal removed the blindfold and opened the Majeongan.

“For the Jincheon Empire, you… … Anchal, whose throat was locked, stopped talking.

Red blood flowed down the Majeongan, which emitted an eerie glow.

“Alive??????

A voice leaked out as if squeezed.

“Save me, my poor lady… …

In fact, everyone knows what to do at the crossroads of choice.

Anchal knelt down and sobbed.

“Save the lady. please… … At the same time as the words fell, Sirone's body turned into a flash of light and flew toward the Great War.

“Amplifier No. 12 unlocked! Space-Time Interceptor Photonics is ready for action!”

A black pillar resembling a coffin placed in the Great Hall.

Wires were connected in all directions, and blue electricity flashed on the walls.

When the door of the pillar called Gwangcheonseong was opened, there was barely enough space for one person to enter.

All the officials in Jincheon were keeping their seats, but no one could make eye contact with Seongeum.

"father."

Only Jin Kang, the emperor of Jincheon, was looking down at his daughter, who had chosen eternal hell.

“Be sure to win.”

Sitting crookedly and leaning his head, Jin Kang was silent.

'Let's not be afraid.'

Everyone knew the devastating outcome, so Seong-eum also moved on coldly without leaving any more emotion.

Upon entering Gwangcheon Castle, the door slammed shut.

When Sungyin fully opens the immortal function, Gwangcheonseong precisely controls the entire space of the planet.

In that state, close the psychic realm and make the distance between Gustav and the Jincheon Empire across the sea zero.

In this way, it was a strategy for Jincheon's forces to raid Gustaf's capital by land.

“The princess has opened the immortal function.”

Officials of the Jincheon Space Agency heard the signal from Kwangcheonseong and reported it.

'There's not even a second of hesitation.'

He was proud of his daughter, and for the first time, Jin Kang's face showed emotion.

“Lungs, Your Majesty… …

That emotion, his face contorted like a monster, belonged to the most angry man in the world.

'I'll give you the bone without leaving a single one.'

Kill, kill, and kill again.

He would continue to send the terrible corpses of demons to his daughter, who would be wandering in hell forever.

“Spirit level rises! 60%! 7 do!”

While the report continued, the door to Daejeon was slammed and Sirone entered.

“Voice??????!”

In the eyes of Sirone, who looked around in an instant, the voice was not visible, but a black coffin was standing there.

"damn!"

It wouldn't be too late.

At that time, Sirone, who had rushed into Gwangcheon Castle, was about to put her hand on the pillar and give it strength.

“What are you doing!”

Jin Kang yelled out loud.

At the same time, Jincheon's general, Oh Ryongjang, who had lost his voice, surrounded Sirone with their own weapons.

“Back off. No matter what, I have no choice but to kill you.”

Sirone glared at Jinjiang.

“Stop it. please. Don’t do anything you will regret for the rest of your life.”

The words were short because time was running out, but the emotions contained were so huge.

“You will regret it.”

Jin Kang rose from his seat.

“I, and Seongeum, will regret it right before I die. No, voice cannot die.”

"therefore… …

"So what?"

Jin Kang's eyes radiated an unusual madness.

“What about regrets? Accept it and you're done. I, my daughter, will take care of it!”

"it's crazy."

"That doesn't matter either."

Jin Kang held out his hand.

“Bring out the author.”

Yeo-dal, the captain of the Oryongjang, rushed at Sirone brandishing his weapon, the Great Gong.

'I don't even have time.'

I had no choice but to defeat Yeo-Dal in the shortest distance using Time Vibration.

bang!

At that moment, the ceiling collapsed and Lian landed next to Sirone and twisted his back.

“Huh!”

The Daejikdo was drawn horizontally, and the four best masters of Jincheon stepped back at the same time.

Kururrureung!

At a height of 3 meters, lines of a date were engraved on the walls on all sides, and dust rose.

It was to cut down the entire Daejeon, but it did not collapse because it was perfectly level.

It was in the form of a ceiling, and with its power and precision, Oh Ryongjang's fighting spirit was quickly broken.

'Mach's knight.'

Sirone shouted.

“Lian!”

“I don’t know what it is, but just do it. I'll take care of it.”

I don't know what happened, but if it was Sirone's choice, there was no doubt.

“Immortal function unlock is complete!” The moment the Jincheon Space Bureau staff shouted, Sirone approached Kwangcheonseong and shouted.

“Voice! wait! no!"

There was a hum, and the roar of the light heavens diminished.

The officials turned their heads with a surprised expression, and Jin Kang's face also had a reason.

“Last name, voice… …

At the time Sirone spoke, blue light emanated from the completely sealed mineral spring.

"no!"

An official from the Jincheon Space Agency shouted.

“Start Gwangcheonseong operation! I will seal the psychic realm and connect the realms of Gustav and Jincheon!”

"miss… …

Anchal, who came running late, knelt down, and Oh Ryongjang also lowered his head with a sorrowful face.

“I will not forget the sacrifice of the princess.”

Ryan shouted.

“Sirone! Are you done?”

Of course not.

“I’ll be back!”

If you fully open Immortal Function, you will never be able to return to reality... … .

'I can't let it go like this!'

Sirone was an infinite wizard.

As the light of Yahweh spread, the spirit of Sirone expanded into an infinite realm.

The feeling of intertwining information was enormous, but Sirone did not miss the voice.

'Hey there!'

Since it is the state of the mental body, there is no criterion for specifying Pia.

However, to express it in Sirone's feeling, it was clear that he was holding the hand of Seong-eum, who was heading to the other world.

"don't go."

At the entrance where the flames of hell were blazing, Sungyin slowly turned around.

“You came, Sirone. It is you.”

“There is no need for this. No matter how hellish the world is, it is wrong for someone to become like this.”

Seongwoo shook his head.

"It's already late. I am not an infinite wizard. and… … I have no intention of going back.”

“I won’t let go.”

Sirone held Seongeum's hand even tighter.

“I will definitely take you.”

It's just a feeling that's happening on a mental level, but the voice sounds like it's smiling.

“You and me, and me.”

The 3 competitors with the highest kars.

“Each of them had convictions worthy of respect. But Sirone, I believe that fulfillment is not everything.”

Sirone's spirit trembled.

"What are you talking about? do not do that. Let's go back for a moment. We can go back and talk.”

I feel like I'm holding Seongeum's hand, but I don't actually hold anything.

“I hope you don’t hate me too much. You and he understand the world better than anyone else.”

"okay. I will when you come back If I send you away like this, those who remain will not be able to live.”

"it is not so."

As long as hell cannot be eliminated, Buddha and Yahweh will be at odds forever.

“When the three of us drink tea and chat… …

The voice's spirit began to fade.

“… … There was a time when I thought it would be nice.” Sirone desperately grabbed it.

"wait. please."

Decomposed to such a degree that it could no longer be dismantled, she escaped from Sirone's mind.

“No eh eh!”

The last words of the voice were heard.

- I respect you, Sirone.

The innocence of her inability to convey her true feelings to the end made her even more angry.

Shiro, who felt the holy sound that had fallen to hell, concentrated all reason on one point.

“Aaaaaaa!”

Shiro, who came to her senses in the realm of infinity, frowned and bowed.

“Aaaaaaa! Aaaaaa!”

anger.

As the uncontrollable anger exploded, the light of Yahweh surrounding Sirone began to burn black.

“I-that… …

Anchal's face turned pale.

'The incarnation of Yahweh is disappearing.'

Clearly human emotions, especially anger, are all that make up Sirone.

“… … What about the psychic realm?” It was a low voice, but the Jincheon Space Bureau official was terrified to the point of dizziness.

"Close, it's closing."

“Let’s go, Lian.”

Lian put the large straight sword over his shoulder and asked.

"Where'?"

“Gustav.”

Sirone's eyes glared at the front terribly.

“I will kill them all.”

The air in the hall froze at the words of the ruthless wizard who had lost his fraternity.

The moment they encountered that cold energy, there was only one image that came to everyone's mind.

' monster.'

Contrary to expectations, it was not violent.

'I'm waiting.'

As if he was happy that the prison door was open, he was smiling coldly at the world.