[667] To Radum (2)

Of course, Sirone knew that it was different from the corpse-eating monsters that inhabited the Middle East.

They were definitely human beings, and nonetheless, they were the ones who chose human flesh.

I could imagine what kind of place Radum was without recalling Canis' anecdote about eating filth.

In a space made of iron and stone, all they can eat is a lost animal or a human being seen next to them.

The thought of eating human flesh gave me goose bumps, but as the captain of the mercenaries, Sirone calmly responded.

“Come in. We will maintain a vigilant formation in case of an emergency.”

As the 20 mercenaries passed through the barricade and approached the alleyway, I felt the sticky flesh shaking.

It was just darkness, but it felt like being buried in something wet like paint, and it felt like black water dripping like the mouths of hungry people.

“It’s Radum from here.”

After passing the straight alley with barricades, Rufist said.

The reason why the ghouls couldn't approach the corpse hastily was that this alley was the territory of the guards.

Jane whispered.

“Should I handle it?”

If the mercenaries left like this, the bodies of the guards would go down their throats.

“No, force it.”

Retrieving the body and returning it to the family is the responsibility of the Magic Association president, but now there is a more important task left than that.

'Accessories of the kingdom.'

It was just an accessory that could be consumed at will to achieve its purpose.

“Light a torch.”

I didn't want to provoke a needless provocation with Shining Magic, so the heavily armored swordsman Vicorn and survival expert Bromak scratched their sons-in-law with torches.

The shadows flitted along the outer edge of the light that drove out the darkness and hid into the corner.

"That's strange."

Rufist stopped walking.

The ghoul's obsession was much worse than expected.

No matter how hungry they are, they are not stupid enough to be unable to distinguish between top predators.

If you see a 20-man mercenary, their physiology is to get out of the radius.

However, for now, he maintained a minimum distance and kept an eye on this side until the end.

“It’s annoying, but should I wipe it out?”

Spearman Toto swung his spear and said.

He was a blacklisted person on the floor because of his violent and uncontrollable personality, but he joined the mercenary corps in recognition of his athleticism and excellent spearmanship in operating the four schemas.

"hey! worms! If you're going to do it, jump out quickly!"

As Toto's voice echoed at the entrance of the alley, Sirone frowned and turned around.

“Keep your voice down. If you provoke the enemy without permission, we will impose sanctions in the future.”

Toto shrugged.

“For only ghouls… … .”

It is common knowledge that Radum is dangerous, but it was a unit that was not weak enough to be intimidated by the corrupt.

“There is a trap.”

said Bromarch, kneeling down and holding out a torch toward the alley.

“It’s a booby trap connected by wire. These guys are luring us in.”

“Aaaaaaa!”

Then, in the darkness, a ghoul roared as if it would break its throat and rushed at it.

'A fight?'

It was an unbelievable situation considering their first rule of survival.

“No need to be nervous! It's just a ghoul!”

As the 20 men lined up, the residents of Radum rushed from the darkness in all directions.

No matter who said it first, the wizards cast their shining magic, and the spheres of light floating in the sky lit up the scene of Radum.

“Ugh!”

Numerous corpses were strewn about in a terrible state.

It was a sight that gave goosebumps just by looking at the corpse with its intestines dug up, the corpse with its bones exposed because it had already rotted, and even the corpse with empty eyes.

"ha ha ha! I'm a mercenary for this taste!”

Toto was the only one who was excited, and whenever his spear swung, ghouls flew in all directions.

While the wizards couldn't find the timing to step out yet, Bicorn and Wig acted as guards on the left and right of the ranks and cut down the ghouls.

'It's also weak. but… … .'

His temperament was so strange.

It was rather the ghouls that were terrified, and they didn't even feel like they were fighting.

“It’s like… … .”

It feels like animals fleeing a forest fire have no choice but to jump down a cliff.

“Gagging!”

When the twin swords were stabbed into the abdomen at the same time, the ghoul flinched and reached out.

"joy!"

I was about to twist the blade open to open the stomach, but the ghoul spoke in a dying voice.

"porridge… … kill me.”

"what?"

“Here… … hell... … !”

The ghoul opened its jaws with crazy eyes and shouted.

“Daaaaa!”

“Keugh!”

As he stepped back, he swung his twin swords up and down, splitting the ghoul's body in two.

“Mayray!”

Following Rufist's instructions, Mayray covered her ears with both hands and activated the god's frequency.

As the <Nemesis> worn in the form of a ring was activated, the core members heard the same sound she was listening to.

"damn! what!"

A huge scream came crashing in like a tidal wave.

If you lock 10,000 humans in one place and set them on fire, will you hear this sound?

A few people could be heard shouting in the waves of brain-numbing sound, but it was impossible to decipher.

-Carte Musiele! Cartision Vera Becca Ferbell!

'It's the voice of La Enemy!'

It sounded muddy and resonated as if he were talking while swallowing a rock.

'If you want to find me, find the hell inside you.'

The only people who could decipher it were Mayray, who was the priest of Terra Force, and Sirone of the Ultima System.

-Struggle in the pain of illusion! Is there meaning in meaninglessness! Become a god!

“What are you talking about?”

These were words that could not be understood only by deciphering.

Lian, who stood in front of Sirone, cut down the villagers with a single sword and said.

“The ghouls are crazy. La Enemy’s words, what do you mean?”

The residents of this place must have met Ra Enemy.

“I don’t know yet. There is something more that language alone cannot tell.”

The Ghouls were annihilated within 5 minutes of the start of the battle.

If it was bland, it was a bland fight, but the expressions of the mercenaries were not good.

Because they too now felt something unpleasant.

“Why are you doing this? You've done a shameful killing.”

Vicorn murmured as he wiped the blood from his blade, and Bromak pointed at the scenery of the alley beneath the shining magic.

“Look over there. It's all traps.”

Countless steel wires were connected like a spider's web.

“When did you install it?”

"Hmm, if you're a veteran like me, you can finish it in an hour."

“It’s an hour… … .”

It was a time that Chagall would have already passed.

Bromak turned to Sirone and said.

“There are two ways. turn it off or bypass it. Which route is the existing one?”

"this way."

Rufist pointed to the place where the trap was set.

"Right. decision?”

It was Sirone's share.

“How long does it take to cancel?”

“Traps are more difficult to remove than to install. About an hour.”

“Mmm.”

While thinking about it, Bromak said with a smile.

“But if it were me, it could be done in 30 minutes.”

“Then, let’s go ahead and cancel it.”

Since the goal was to get to the center by the shortest distance, taking the route from the beginning was rather a loss in terms of time.

“Then rest.”

Bromak grabbed a tool from the toolbox and crawled across the floor with a knife in his mouth to the trap.

While the knights were taking a break while standing guard, Archer Joshua jumped up and aimed his bow at the rotten wooden box.

"what's the matter?"

“Someone.”

her eyes burned red.

“Nightshot?”

It is a kind of see-through ability that detects heat, and it was an eye technique that had never been shown in the evaluation.

Examining the box with the Nightshot detected a human heat source hidden in a prone position.

"come out. My arrows pierce the railroad.”

“Hee!”

The box shook and a person crawled out through a hole in the back.

“Sah, save me.”

The bicorn grabbed the man by the collar and pulled him.

“What are you doing? Why were you hiding?”

“I-I am not a resident of Radum. I am a trap designer.”

"trap? then… … .”

Vicorn looked at Bromark, who was clearing the trap, and asked again.

“You mean you installed that? why? to catch us?”

“Oh no! I don't know why! The other day someone hired me. I want you to set a trap at the entrance of Radum.”

Sirone asked.

“Who is that person?”

“The name was not disclosed. He was a young man, but he did not seem to be from this country.”

Mayray covered her ears with both hands, but no voice was heard, only noise flowed.

“Hmm, then… … .”

Just as the bicorn was about to ask another question, the man trembled as if in shock.

"what? What's wrong with this kid?"

"city… … as… … yes… … .”

A muffled voice came from the open throat.

"Dangerous! Back off!”

Just as Lian was about to slash his throat with a straight sword, Sirone held out his hand.

"wait for a sec!"

The man, who had been arching his upper body like a bow, slowly raised his head and stared straight at Sirone.

“For you… … We have an obligation to answer the questions left behind.”

“Any questions left?”

Sirone asked back, but the man looked up at the sky without answering.

The pupils of both eyes quickly rotated in opposite directions, and the original voice finally came out.

"Oh, no! help me! Aaaaaa!”

As the optic nerve was destroyed by the rapidly rotating pupils, bloody tears flowed down.

“Is it a human trap?”

The ground shook, and the sound of the trap's steel wire snapping fiercely could be heard.

“Bromark! Get out of there!”

The crew shouted, but Bromark was already bleeding from being hit by a steel wire.

"shit! What is this?"

The trap was triggered without even time to rescue.

“Space folds.”

The alley closed like a sliding door, and Bromak, who fell to the floor, held out his hand.

“Aagh!”

The sound of bones crushing could be heard as the walls connected to each other.

Kargin frowned and murmured.

“He said he was a survival expert… … .”

Without time to savor the absurd situation, the other members looked around.

Radum's structure was completely changed, and the walls were covered with fibers like visceral debris that had never been seen before.

The corpses standing up all of a sudden were motionless as if they were dead, and on the left and right sides of the newly created alley, statues of naked women joined to monsters were carved.

“The entrance is also gone. How could this be?”

“Realization of the Five Senses.”

Rufist looked up at the sky.

The reason you can see it even after the Shining magic disappears is because the sun is up.

However, it was not a brilliant sun like their world, but a sun burning with a red sunset as if it were about to die.

“I am trapped.”

“What do you mean locked up?”

Rufist turned to Sirone and said.

“Even if the brain is pulled out and put in a vat, we can’t feel it.”

"no way?"

"okay. That's exactly how it turned out. Perhaps this is the scene the ghouls were looking at. He used the brainwaves of the man he used as a trap to create hell for us.”

“Damn it! What the hell is this!”

Remo, an unofficial 5th-level defensive magician, shouted.

“I know someone followed you to get an explanation! No need to come up with a solution!”

"calm down. Because I am thinking.”

“Stop talking nonsense! I felt bad from the start! Are you the president of the Magic Association?”

Rufist didn't answer.

“I don’t need money or anything! get me out of here! Otherwise, sue... … ! Gagging!”

Remo's eyes dried up and he collapsed, pouring blood.

“Damn it!”

Kargin hurriedly tried to use recovery magic, but he was already dead.

“What happened?”

Receiving Lufist's gaze, Jane shook her head as if it was unfair.

“I didn't kill him. I was thinking of killing him.”

“Struggle in the pain of illusion.”

Mayray came out.

“La Enemy’s words. He also said that he finds meaning in meaninglessness. If this is also a kind of trust, wouldn’t it be possible to think like this?”

she said, raising her finger.

“The moment you realize death, you really die.”

---------------------------------------