simultaneous events (4)

Ionas's fist, which had been disintegrated into particles, rapidly took shape right in front of Sirone's nose.

“Kuk!”

When Sirone turned his head, the air was pushed back and a sonic boom exploded in the air.

“Still, you have talent.”

Sirone looked at Ionas.

'Ionas of extreme decomposition.'

With her pale face and silver hair down to her shoulders, she resembled a human as a whole.

However, the pupilless eyes and double dentition would be terrifying to the average person.

'Atomic Movement. This is really tricky.'

The ability to decompose one's own body to the limit and make full use of movements at the atomic level.

The attack derived from it runs at the pinnacle of change that transcends the herbivore of the ever-changing manga.

'It's not just fast.' The reason why you can't avoid an arrow even if you see it with your eyes is because the reception time of each sense is different.

She could perceive it with her 11 senses, but avoiding the attack was entirely her own ability.

“Shall we start in earnest?”

Ionas, whose body had been disintegrated into atoms, launched an attack from an unpredictable trajectory.

'Miracle Stream!'

As the smoke of light wrapped around Sirone's body, a black hole opened as if it had been hit by a shotgun.

pop! pop! pop! pop!

The light spread in fragments, but before I knew it, Sirone had retreated 20 kilometers away.

“Yes, I will run away after all.”

Ionas, who had moved into a particle state, rotated around Sirone with only his face attached.

“I always wondered.”

The motion of approximately 1 kyeong of particles was integrally detected through Ultima.

"I'm so strong, why don't I feel like I'm the strongest'?"

Sirone discovered a herbivore in the moving pattern of the first sceneries.

'Left punch.'

The government, which can be called birth, passed by Sirone.

'It was a hair's breadth.'

Sirone opened the distance again and fired about 4,200 photon cannons.

“Is this all?”

Ionas' arm moved at an invisible speed and deflected the photon cannon.

Uriel, who was watching the battle from 20 kilometers away, said.

“He was a strong boy.”

No matter what the standard of strength is, I remember that he was a person who made me think that way.

"And now I'm actually stronger." Mental capacity is infinite, but humans have physical limits.

Sensing and avoiding Ionas of extreme decomposition itself was close to a miracle.

"But I guess that's all there is to it after all."

Rayel silently agreed.

'Actually, Uriel's words are contradictory. Because strong things don't need anything other than strength.'

The reason why I couldn't deny it, though, is probably because of the question that popped into my head at some point.

'Why can't I, or we, feel that we are the strongest?' Only Ikael knew the answer.

'Maclein Guffin.'

All the strongest people in heaven have in common the experience of failing to beat the Guffin.

When the Guffin erasure occurred in such a situation, a transcendental concept that could not be explained in words was created.

'Even if it's erased from memory, we've already experienced more strength than that... …

Not reaching the feeling of being the best.

'Sirone.'

Ikael's eyes were filled with sadness as he looked down at his son who was fighting fiercely.

'i love you.'

more important than anything in the universe.

'I don't deserve to be called a parent, but I can't lose you again.'

I will never gamble on my children again.

'Please step back now. Go back and live a happy life. This mother will take care of the affairs of the world no matter what.'

Every time Sirone narrowly avoided Ionas's attack, Ikael's heart felt like it would break.

'I can't beat Ionas at this level. But it's not because I lack skills.'

Something that transcends strength.

'only… … It's because he's not a guffin.'

Even if the state of mind was equal, Sirone's body was much weaker than Gaia's.

'The strength of a giant, the spirit that transcends the concept of an angel, and the unity of numerous Gaians.'

Because they were a race equipped with all of these things, the world of gods was shaken from the root.

“Ikael, I will give you one last chance.”

satiel said.

“Speak up about the Guffin erasure, and admit your mistakes. Then I will acknowledge your authority.”

Ikael clenched his fists tightly.

'You mustn't act on your feelings.'

The position of archangel was absolutely necessary to protect Sirone from all the heavenly armies.

“You know? Ionas is a member of my family, but he surpasses me in terms of combat power. If you follow me, I won't act dogmatically either. In other words, if you tell me to leave Sirone alone, I will obey.” It was a sweet offer.

If only he could bear the humiliation of having to bow his head to the man who killed his son.

'doesn't care.'

Ekael's eyes lit up.

'Because I came back alive. If I can protect Sirone, I will prostrate at anyone's feet.'

In the sight of looking down, Ionas's fist hit Sirone's stomach squarely.

“Keugh!”

Even though the kinetic energy was reduced by more than 99.99%, it was a piercing pain in the body.

“I think it’s great.”

Ionas walked through the air as if taking a walk.

“It is a human being who dies just by brushing against it. I’ll applaud you for enduring this far with a body like that.”

Sirone was not happy.

“You are strong. He will be a strong man who can fit within ten fingers in heaven. Therefore, if the only loser is me.”

Ionas raised his fist in front of his eyes.

“It means that you will fight with me, who is one of the top five strong in heaven.”

"haha."

Even in the midst of pain, laughter broke out.

“… … What's funny?”

Having experienced all of Omega's history, Sirone knew the position of Ionas in heaven.

“Honestly, isn’t it dangerous?” Ionas' eyebrows twitched.

“Ymir and Ashur are at odds, and Yuriel and Ikael are below them.”

flaw......?

Sirone pointed at Ionas.

“I’ll admit, though, that there are times when I go in. sometimes."

A mere human cannot understand the age-old controversy of heaven, but it was not wrong anyway.

"It's a joke. Forget it."

Sirone recovered from the shock.

“It doesn’t make any sense anyway, does it? Because you will never be the strongest.”

“Now I get it..”

In an instant, Ionas flew over Sirone's head and swung his leg.

With a whimper, the air parted and the sea 600 meters below parted in a huge width.

'Suddenly?'

It was out of land.

Ionas, who was looking at the surface of the water where his wounds healed in an instant, raised his head.

“You are a typical loser with the mentality. If you crush me with the strongest in front, the bottom you're standing on might feel a little shallow, but I'll tell you exactly. You and I are on different levels.”

“I don’t know what the level is. Who is stronger has nothing to do with me. because… …

When Sirone opened her eyes, the Miracle Stream was strongly compressed in both hands.

“I have to win unconditionally.” A flash of light pierced the sky, and the Hand of God came down and bent a finger at Ionas.

A form of aggressive use of the Ultima system.

'I was hit by that.'

It was such a powerful mental ability that it scattered the entire army of Heaven all over the world.

“How dare you relax against me?” Ionas's double teeth were terrifyingly exposed.

“I can’t afford it. It's a responsibility.”

Sirone looked at the sea.

It was the middle of the ocean that moved 800 kilometers west of the Jive Kingdom.

'I can fight here.' Of course, there is life here too, but it was strategically important to save humans.

The triangular pyramid of Ionas burned red.

“It is over.”

Extreme Decomposition - Atomic Crash.

Particles compressed into fist-sized spheres spread out in all directions with an explosive glow.

'I increased the activity of the particles.'

This Onas, who moved to a different dimension of energy, aimed at Sirone's back and raised the capital.

'A human anyway.'

If you take out your heart, you cannot live.

' huh?'

The Hand of God, drawing a circle with the thumb and middle finger, was completely in front of me before I knew it.

'damn!'

The remaining distance to Sirone's back was 0.03 millimeters.

'late.'

Ionas's arms disintegrated into particles, and before they knew it, they crossed themselves in a position to block their faces.

At the same time, the Hand of God snapped his fingers.

“Ouch!”

As the shock wave hit all the particles of 1 view, Ionas's body was plunged into the sea.

Whoops!

Water splashed, and a rough column of water rose from the bubbling surface.

“Kuaaaaa!”

Having broken the sperm whale's backbone, he climbed up and glared up at the sky with his watery eyes.

“A worthless human… … !”

Ionas, who had stopped talking, saw Sirone raising her hand.

However, the reason why I was speechless was the Hand of God, which was above Shirone.

'Don't worry, Ikael.'

As if to project Sirone's heart, the Hand of God stretched out his five fingers toward the sky.

'Because they're definitely connected.'

At the same time, a sphere of light of unpredictable size was born on top of the huge palm.

Ionas, as well as the archangels who were observing from a distance, were at a loss for words.

Sirone looked down at the sea and said.

“Feel it too.”

Hand of God - Photon Cannon.

“This is my responsibility.”

As I swung my arm with all my might, the Hand of God slammed the Photon Cannon straight down.

The moment an astronomical mass hits the sea.

“Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa… …

Ionas's scream was severed, and the sea evaporated as it exploded in the form of a crown.

Because the scale was so large, the whole process was clear as if time flowed slowly.

Kurleung! Kurleung!

With the steam completely obscuring the view, only a terrifying roar could be heard.

As the Hand of God waved his hand, his vision opened to reveal a huge hole in the sea.

' does not exist.'

Ionas was nowhere to be seen.

After a while, the gravitational force pulled the sea water, and a spectacular view of the sea currents being entangled unfolded.

At that point, Satiel cut off the lookout.

“… … disappeared.”

Uriel, Rayel, and Mara with transcendent eyesight were silent for a while.

The power of the Hand of God reminded them of a time they did not want to look back on.

'Are you saying it's not over yet?' There was a certain connection, Sirone seemed to be saying.

Kurleung. Kurleung.

Like a video made for God's amusement, the sea endlessly brought about amazing changes.

'Two minutes passed. Is this enough?' When it became clear that Ionas had disappeared, Sirone turned to the direction she had come from.

And he spoke in a friendly voice to the woman who was still watching him.

“Ichael.”

Although I can't pick up my heart that was shattered after Guffin disappeared.

“I am not alone.”

I thought that if we can reminisce together, that would also be a beautiful life.

"therefore… …

With a beautiful smile shining in the sunlight, Sirone held out her hand to her from afar.

“Come with me, Mom.”