[253] Another Sky (3)

Tears welled up in Mark's eyes. But he didn't shed any tears.

“We can do it too.”

Maria looked back at Mark a little surprised.

“I will try and try. So, I will definitely challenge my seniors. You may not be able to win, but I will do my best to make you face me. So don't be weak. If you say that one more time, I will never go out with you.”

"mark… … .”

Iruki smiled and said.

“There is no such thing as talent in this world.”

Mark and Maria turned their heads at the same time.

“To be precise, there is no talent that can be named. Crazy people aren't good at math. But he can be the best painter. Magic is a profession that encompasses all fields. Neither Sirone's insight nor Dante's ability to process information guarantees the future. There is no need to envy what others have. If you raise your own to the best, you might be able to defeat Sirone someday.”

“Well, we think that… … .”

Mark waved his hand with a red face. He defeated Sirone, something he had never dreamed of. & nbsp;

However, when I heard this from a genius recognized by the world, my confidence rose again.

It was the first time that Iruki felt like a senior.

Dante frowned at the flood of information. A sequence of 0s and 1s passed through my mind at the speed of light. It was Sirone's information added to Pascal's information.

'you can do it! I'm catching up!'

In the speed battle, Dante began to gain the upper hand. It was the difference between living things and machines. The creature's durability slowly decreases, but the automaton continues to function until just before it self-destructs.

The students saw Pascal's offensive magic gradually trapping Sirone. As the radius of Sirone's instant movement decreased, it seemed that it would fall into the realm of Movement Zero after 10 seconds.

Even so, Shiina did not dare to predict the match.

Obviously, Sirone's line of movement was narrowing, but Dante's mental strength was almost at its lowest point.

'Can Dante survive?'

Shiina watched closely the rate at which the gauge was decreasing.

'I can hold on. At this rate, it's Dante's victory.'

Shiina also had some hopes for Sirone to win, but Dante definitely deserved to win. In particular, the automaton's responsiveness was powerful enough to be eaten even among professionals.

5 seconds. 4 seconds.

The moment when Sirone was checkmate was approaching.

The wind cutter's firing radius narrowed, and a bolt with 100 percent charge waited to be fired at the Electric Mansion.

The moment came when Sirone's movement was completely blocked.

Dante instantly found the address of Electric Cannon in the memory matrix and sent it to Pascal.

'Now!'

The moment Dante thinks so.

'Now!'

Sirone also thought the same. 

The moment the electric cannon's energy filled the mansion, a flash of light focused in front of Sirone's eyes.

Dante snorted. No matter how strong the Photon Cannon was, the full-power Electric Cannon would destroy it and rule the space.

At that moment, Sirone cast a lethal magic.

Shining Impact!

Photons compressed by unifying polarization directions exploded. 

Then, information with only 1s rushed into Dante's mind, which was filled with 1s and 0s.

The simplest but unmanageable size of information.

As Pascal overloaded, the automaton stopped momentarily. Students were shocked. It caused an explosion of light and paralyzed Dante's system.

A strategy that won't work twice. It was clear that Sirone had been saving one chance just for this moment.

Dante's head was as pale as the Shining Impact. It was fatal that a gap of nearly one second occurred in an operation that processed thousands of information per second.

Dante covered his face with his arms. It was impossible to predict what type of attack would occur.

But Sirone did not move. As he focused his mind, a bright light was born in front of his eyes and he drew a huge circle. It was the angelic magic circle that became proficient through lifting training, Halo.

Nade jumped up and shouted.

“Ataraxia!”

It was the appearance of a technique that could be said to be Sirone's special move. However, Nade soon put on a puzzled expression.

Even if the halo is completed, information accumulation is a separate issue. As it took 1 minute, it was not yet in the stage to be applied in practice.

Iruki frowned and said.

“Worst ever.”

When Ned sympathized with silence, Iruki continued.

“But it is also the only number. I've done all I can If not now, the chance to activate Ataraxia won't come.”

Dante managed to hold on to the consciousness that was moving away. She didn't know that he would explode the light and paralyze the system.

But there is no more chance. 

Sirone also exhausted all strategies and was just struggling for the last time. As the automaton regained its function, the mansions all turned toward Sirone.

Sirone concentrated on building Halo while watching the vicious floating magic circle. A pale flash of light returned to its starting point, drawing a large trajectory based on pi. Finally, Halo, the spirit of an angel, blocked Sirone's front like a shield.

“Keugh! what!"

Boyle clutched his head and complained of pain. A summoning mage's sense of measurement is different from that of other mages. For him, who easily recognizes even a 1 millimeter error, the perfect halo was violence inflicted in form.

Iruki saw Boyle's condition and felt it. It is a shock applied in a microscopic world that cannot be distinguished by human senses.

When you see it yourself, you don't know the difference between an ordinary circle and a perfect circle. But what about Dante, who can read information entropy by nature?

“Big!”

As Iruki guessed, Dante was suffering with veins sticking out of his neck. As his mind was traumatized, Pascal's functioning also declined markedly.

'Damn it! Why are you doing this all of a sudden? What the hell is that circle?'

Iruki had a glimmer of hope. It was clear that Sirone had calculated this far and activated Ataraxia.

But will this be enough?

Boyle was already out of shock. Ironically, it is because his level is low.

Amy remembered what had happened in heaven.

'I see. So then Baalbe... … .'

Ataraxia is a form that can deliver a more powerful impact to those who have reached a higher level.

I finally understood the situation in heaven where the two-legged Mara took a backward step in front of Sirone's Ataraxia.

Then, who will suffer the most from Halo's appearance here?

Amy turned her gaze to Olivia. As expected, her shoulders were shaking.

'What the hell is that... … .'

Olivia bit her lip.

Located at the pinnacle of the senses that humans can climb, she almost lost consciousness momentarily when she saw Halo.

She endured with the mental strength of a great wizard, but at her level, a momentary void is fatal. She wasn't at the level she was currently able to master at Sirone's level.

'It is a circle that cannot be made by human ability. What are you trying to put in a space that can contain the whole world?'

The concept of Ataraxia has begun to be assembled on Halo. 

From the outside of the halo, colored rays flew like a rain shower and were engraved on the magic circle like ripples.

Olivia thought that phenomenon also made no sense. 

As far as she knew, it was impossible to receive information from outside the magic circle. Because the speed of information accumulation is close to the speed of light, it causes an optical illusion to the human eye.

'Nonsense… … .'

Realizing that far, Olivia's eyes were in shock. If the accumulation speed is really close to the speed of light, it is normal for any magic circle to be completed in less than one second. However, instead of being completed after 10 seconds, the speed was getting faster.

That's dangerous.

Dante's judgment was the same. Assembly of a grand concept. If you leave it as it is, you will completely miss the victory you have worked so hard for.

“I can’t let it go like that.”

Dante activated the Electric Mansion. The sound of trees splintering and white and blue electricity blasted out.

Sirone hurriedly threw herself away. Ataraxia was not even half completed. In addition, saturation began to resume in the fully functional automaton.

Amy frowned in pity. As expected, it was unreasonable for her to use it in real combat. She ended up wasting her last chance she got from Shining Impact.

"huh?"

At that moment, Amy's eyes lit up. She watched Halo with a look of disbelief on Iruki and Nade as well.

Information continued to accumulate in the halo. But it was impossible. Sirone was still flying here and there trying to avoid the fire.

"what? What happened?"

Iruki's head turned quickly. Is it really possible to perform teleportation and magic circle operation at the same time? Sirone is neither a Servant nor can he operate Pascal like Dante.

'It's obviously a parallel circuit. No, does it look like a parallel?'

At that moment, a flash of light passed through my mind.

"That's right!"

“Iruki, what happened?”

When Amy asked with a surprised expression, Iruki couldn't control his excitement and shouted.

“Timeshare. You’re time-sharing.”

Realizing that, Nade hit his knee.

"ah! I see! It is possible!”

“What is time-sharing? Can Sirone-senpai use two types of magic at the same time?"

“The operation is broken down into time units. The battery in A and the battery in B are being replaced at an incredibly fast rate. ABABABAB, like this. Then it's like two magics unfolding at the same time.”

Mark opened his mouth blankly. Even on a bridge that could not be crossed, the time was divided into 1/10,000, but replacing the two batteries was a different level of difficulty. It was possible because Sirone had more accurate insight than knowledge.

Olivia was excited for the first time when the confrontation began. 

Are you trying to timeshare? This was a skill that was extremely rare even among high-ranking wizards.

'Are you saying that evolving is the same as Sirone?'

Olivia glared at Alfeas with her eyes wide open, then opened her eyes in surprise.

Alpheas' face was filled with violent energy. The corners of his mouth were torn to the bottom of his ears and he didn't know how to close them.

'Quack. Sirone, now you're a little like you.'

Alpheas also did not expect Sirone to try time-sharing. I felt like giving a standing ovation.

I watched it for at least 4 years when I first heard about Ataraxia. No matter how fast it was, I thought that it would be possible to use it in practice if I trained at that level.

But Sirone did it in just four months.

When using time division, the speed of information accumulation slows down by about half, but compared to the situation where you have to build a magic circle in a defenseless state for one minute, it was not a disadvantage.

More than anything, I wanted to see how powerful it would be. Just imagining the destructive power of the information accumulated over two minutes at the speed of light sent electricity through my body.

'Just a little bit more... … !'

Sirone desperately replaced the batteries. Time-sharing was like juggling thoughts. If you miss the afterimage of memory even for a moment, everything becomes nothing.

It wasn't easy to dodge Dante's attack in such a situation. But he didn't want to lose. The title of the best in the kingdom was good. It was a sense of urgency that if I couldn't defeat Dante here, I would never be able to move forward again.

Dante was so nervous that his heart would burst. The speed of the automaton seemed to catch up with Sirone, but it was not able to catch up.

'shit! What's going on?'

When will that magic circle be activated? 

If you knew even that, you could come up with a strategy, but it was a strange concept that even those who majored in information magic could not decipher. It doesn't make sense that such a combination is possible, but above all, the size of the information was too large.

---------------------------------------