Scale of eagerness (4)

With the wind pressure shaking the angel's wings, Uriel asked while covering his face with his arms.

“Winning?”

didn't come out

In the middle of the wind-swept plain, Ikael and Guffin were still glaring at each other.

"ha. ha."

His steel hair stood on sharp bristle, and the idea of ​​struggle flashed in his eyes.

said Uriel.

“… … How big is the human mind'?”

Ankera's anger swallowed by Guffin was an emotion so great that it destroyed the world.

“Almost digested it.”

The aftereffects haven't completely disappeared, but the inaction a moment ago reminded me of Guffin in his heyday.

'No, rather more than that.'

It was the result of his mind being endlessly trained against the gods for eons of time.

“We traded Hexa and Halo. As a result, it reduced the functionality of the Ultima system to less than 10 percent. but… … McLean Guffin.

“I don’t know if I should have killed him then. The real threat is the Guffin, not the Ultima System.”

A human with enough influence to turn Heaven's gains into minor losses.

“It is a story of conclusion. And the real results haven't come out yet. If the Tower of Babel is destroyed, the Guffin is also isolated. Gaians will disappear from the world.”

At those words, Uriel remained silent, but he could not erase the ominous thoughts that ran through his mind.

'Is it really so?' Even if you annihilate the Gaians, if you can't subdue the Guffins.

'Someday it will continue.'

Ikael's role was important considering the far-flung future that the angel's sense of time could not reach.

“Let’s go too. We must end the war.” The archangels hurled themselves towards the battlefield where the angels and Babel were fighting.

Ikael had no time to look at the situation in heaven.

"Answer me."

Guffin responded coldly.

“What do you keep doing?”

The joy of a kiss that happened a long time ago remained a timeless memory for both of them... … .

“I mean Babel.”

Also, as the representatives of the angels and the Gaians, they were enemies who fiercely destroyed each other's camps.

“Why do you care about that? No matter what the piece of machinery looks like, just break it.”

“Answer me!”

If it was Ikael in the past, it would have been like that.

“Why me? what am i to you What is being defined in your mind!”

until you understand the mind.

“You?”

Ikael kept his mouth shut.

“I will ask you this time. Why are you asking? What answer do you really want to hear?”

'The answer I want to hear.'

What words do you want to come out of the guffin's mouth?

"I don't know."

Ikael said, lowering his arm weakly.

“So you tell me.”

I understood the nature of the mind through the hexa, but I did not have the courage to throw it out.

“Don’t try to find me. There is no answer in my heart. You have to choose for yourself.”

contradictory

Being able to choose anything because you can choose anything means being unable to choose anything.

Qurrrrrrrrrrung!

The sound of the Tower of Babel was heard, but Ikael and Guffin did not look away.

“Humanity is defeated.”

The archangels broke through the significantly weakened Ultima system and began slaughtering the Gaians.

“You are the only one left. Because you are the only Gaian we cannot annihilate.”

Fall of the Tower of Babel.

In Omega 777, humanity was defeated by the gods.

“Are you done?”

Maybe.

However, as long as there was still a Gaian called Guffin, he couldn't give in.

As Guffin turned around in silence, Ikael held out his hand.

"Come with me."

i don't think i'll ever come back

“There is nowhere for you to hide. Wherever you are, angels will come and kill you.

I will protect you."

Maybe she fought fiercely to get the courage to say this now.

“This one is pretty good. I’ve been able to put my heart into the sound a little bit.”

Guffin tilted his head slightly and smiled.

“But it’s still not enough.”

Before Ikael could even speak, Gurfin activated the Miracle Stream and disappeared.

“Chief Angel.”

The archangels have arrived.

“Are you okay?” The fierceness of the battle could be seen just by looking at her tattered clothes made of light.

"okay??????

In Ikael's asteroid, the last words of Guffin were hovering endlessly.

'Not enough?'

Why can't I throw my heart out.

'What am I defining a guffin as?'

Unless they were convinced of that, her words would not reach Guffin.

“You are the archangel who led the war to victory.”

Kariel got down on one knee and begged.

“Give me the spoils of Babel. We will analyze their skills to create life. I will follow the angels and praise Anchera.”

The scene where Guphin blossomed into Hexa inspired Kariel, the archangel of birth.

“Follow the angels and praise Anchera?”

later called the Nephilim.

'Could that be?'

Is it possible for a being with a mind to follow something blindly?

“… … Do what you like.” Ikael knew how pointless it was to judge something he hadn't experienced.

'Aren't you aware of it now?'

I thought it would be okay, but when the guffin disappeared, I felt like my heart was pierced.

'does not exist. It's nowhere.'

I looked down at the entire planet without exception, but there was not even a trace as if it had evaporated.

'Where did it go?'

A cold wind penetrated Ikael's pierced chest.

Ancient City, Eden.

Adam and Lilith boarded the ark to avoid So Jung-hwa and started a new life on a small planet.

The infinite lifespan of the two was inherited, and thanks to this, the Gaians prospered quickly.

“Today is also a peaceful day.”

Adam's eyes were soft as he gazed at the landscape from high above the city.

Lilith said with a smile.

“There is nothing more enjoyable than seeing children live happily ever after.”

The only thing Guffin left before leaving Heaven was to love each other.

It was not without temptation, but Adam loved Lilith and Lilith loved only Adam.

That's why all the citizens of Eden can follow the two as perfect parents.

" huh?"

The moment Adam noticed, the Gaians raised their heads in amazement.

The sky opened enormously, and blinding light poured down from within.

"Ahhh."

Adam shuddered with emotion and burst into tears.

“Dear Adam.”

At the voice he will never forget, Adam fell to his knees and sobbed.

“You are here. You are finally here.”

Lilith also knelt down with her husband, but the fear that came from awe outweighed the excitement.

'why?'

After waiting for a long time, the guffin didn't show up, so Adam could not stand it and opened his mouth.

“Come down. I made this beautiful city according to your will. How were the other comrades? you are… … Have you become a god?”

After a while, Guffin spoke.

“I will take your children.”

"yes?"

Adam, who did not understand, asked again, and Lilith raised her head with her eyes wide open.

“What are you talking about? So where are you taking my children, the citizens of Eden... …

"It's not possible!"

Lilith jumped up.

“That will never happen. Adam

and everything I've dedicated my life to. It started with just the two of us, and after eons of time, it flourished like this...

"All right."

Lilith turned to Adam's voice.

“Hey, honey.”

Adam's eyes also contained sadness, but the light of tragedy was stronger than that.

“If you will, take him. There must be a reason.”

The moment the words were finished, the light focused on the center of Eden and a huge stone gate was installed.

Lilith shouted at the sky as the door disintegrated into an orb of light.

"no! Absolutely not!”

"honey! You don't know what kind of existence he is to Gaia! If we couldn't avoid So Jung-hwa, we wouldn't be here either!”

“I’d rather do that! I can't take my children! I will not send you back to that terrible place!”

Guffin was speechless.

“I will go, mother.”

When Lilith turned her head, all the Gaians on the ground were emitting light from their eyes.

"you… …

“I grew up listening to stories from a very young age. You really did exist. He used to say, that one day we will all become gods.”

"no."

Lilith shook her head.

“I mean my children.”

As tears flowed down her cheeks, her mind began to break away from the Ultima system.

“Hey, honey… …

Maybe the mother's heart was bigger than the whole.

Adam could only watch.

Everyone except Lilith thought the same, and the Gaian looked up at the sky and said.

“We will fight too.”

With this, Guffin resurrects the Ultima system and seizes the opportunity to escape the photon field again.

It happened in the year 799 of Omega.

Heaven, Omega year 892.

In the heaven where the Gaians disappeared, there were many collaborations between Argones and Taeseong.

The so-called extraterrestrial species came over, and among them there were creatures with unique intelligence.

Only humans did not exist.

"damn! damn! damn!"

Kariel's annoyance shook the heavens at the jebul built after Gaiain disappeared.

“Why not!”

Watching Kariel go mad was Uriel's greatest pleasure lately.

“Aren’t you dumber than a human?”

"shut up! Look at the great world war I made! They say it’s a much better work than the Tower of Babel!”

Fiercely shot, Kariel looked at the corpse of an alien species lying dead on the test bench.

'The Nephilim are not created.'

The dream of creating a new human race with the power of an angel was blocked by a barrier.

“… … We need humans.”

Yuriel crossed her arms.

“Then it would be impossible. There is nothing like that here. Even a species similar to humans is not being born.”

The expression of fear of humans is taboo, but the shock the Gaians gave to heaven was just as great.

"ha."

Uriel did not miss the noticeably weakening of Kariel's starlight body.

'It is impossible even if the archangel of birth puts almost all his mental powers into it. What the hell is a guffin... …

At that time, the great world war was shaken.

"what!"

Kariel, who quickly flew in front of the screen, checked the data and opened her eyes wide.

“This, this… … !”

"ha."

Ikael, who was staying in Jebul's archangel's room, put his chin on his chin and let out a long sigh.

'You seem to be more frequent these days.'

Her three-legged Mara Ashur stood behind her with a worried look on her face.

'The war is over.'

Peace had come to heaven as well, but it seemed that her pierced heart had not yet healed.

"sorry. Do I look too pathetic?”

Ashur bowed his head.

“Don't talk like that. If Ikael-nim is pathetic, the entire universe will feel embarrassed.”

Just when Ikael laughed at the bone-chilling joke, sirens went off all over Jebul.

-warning! Abnormal law detection. The total amount of car is 16.8439 billion. Kar value 100%.

Ashur raised his head and Ikael jumped to his feet.

“100 percent?”

It was the same level of rightness as the law.

- During specificity analysis. Suspicion of the Ultima system. calculation. assurance. actually. Highest Defense Level Aegis Mode activated.

Eight archangels in various places of the Buddha,

All the angels under him opened their eyes wide and shouted.

“What?”

With a bang, the walls of the jebul shattered, and Ikael flew away like a flash of light.

“Chief Angel!”

Ashur chased after him, but now Ikael seemed to be unable to follow other than the light.

'Where are you? where are you?'

A sense of amplification surveyed the entire planet, and at last a pillar of light entered her eyes.

'idea.'

The time when you watch the spectacle of countless pillars of light piercing the sky.

“Hey, it’s been a while.”

When I lowered my gaze to the voice I heard on the ground, a man was laughing with his fangs exposed.

"how have you been doing? Were you bored without me?” Ikael was moved to tears at the sight of a guffin bowing his index finger to his eyebrows.

However, the corner of his mouth went up, and then he opened his eyes again and furrowed his forehead.

"okay."

probably laughed

Because the cold wind no longer blew in the place that had not been filled even after waiting for eons of time.

continues in the next volume