[743] Great Purifier (3)

'A truly formidable obsession.'

The officers of the Tenro Society were those who overcame the fear of death, so Veron's obsession was also meaningful.

'But the opponent is me.'

Even though the rulers of each country are already aware of the altar, the reason why they cannot take action is because there is no way to prevent it.

'There is no way to stop Buddha.'

- Poor girl.

Veron's iron pole would be an obstacle to the future Nane was planning, but there was no resentment in his voice.

'Rather pity.'

If obsession causes pain, Veron's iron pole had reached the limit of obsession that humans can have.

-I will save you from suffering.

The cloud in the shape of Nane clenched its fists and assumed a posture to charge towards Veron.

“Shura, leave.”

"no. I will protect the president.”

Veron pushed his mouth from side to side.

“Sometimes lying is clumsy.”

“… … .”

“I cannot miss this opportunity. Didn't you wait for today from the moment you became a human without going through reincarnation?”

Veron's jaw swelled like a balloon, and his pupils half-bulged out like toads.

“Only those who kill Buddhas can become Buddhas. My rightness is only right now.”

Shura's shoulders trembled as her long, blood-red tongue protruded from between Veron's lips.

'The president is sincere.'

As she remembers, the last time Veron planned anything with all his might was more than 5,000 years ago.

“Kill me, and I will become the new Buddha.”

-Anyone can become a Buddha.

When the cloud of Nane, over two kilometers in height, rushed to the ground, the vegetation shook terribly.

"President!"

As Shura shouted, Veron raised his wand with mad eyes.

“This is my pole.”

When he struck the ground with his cane, the air shook like a rubber sheet, and a hole was punched through Nane's clouds.

An evacuation alarm went off in Shura's head.

'This is the beginning.'

Given the size of the battle, she would have to move at least 100 kilometers away, but her eyes were still fixed on the battlefield.

I also thought that I had to watch the end of this confrontation until the end because I was not completely flawless.

"conflict!"

As Veron's staff struck the ground a second time, Nane's clouds coalesced into a dot in the air and exploded.

Veron murmured as he looked up at the huge belt spreading all the way to the horizon.

“… … Is the real coming?”

In the place where the clouds disappeared, a colorful glow was born, and Nane appeared.

Sermon - Tathagata.

Shura's lips parted blankly.

'It looks like it came from far away.'

As the sword of light unfolded around Nane and drew a circle, the son-in-law became so bright that even the sun could not be seen.

Sermon - infinite amount.

In an instant, the brilliance exploded, and as many swords of light as the sun's rays were shot to the ground.

“Oohhhh!”

Looking up at the light that poured down like a shower, Veron swung his staff at terrifying speed.

Kurrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrating

A sound like thunder erupted from the ground, and in an instant, a radius of 1 kilometer was devastated.

'What about the president?'

A thick haze was pushed back, and a powerful voice broke out.

“Are you just claiming to be a Buddha to this extent!”

As Veron rotated his staff and bounced the sword of light, the innumerable sermon caused a diffuse reflection.

“Huh!”

Shura closed her eyes, but the light was so bright that she could see the silhouette of the landscape through her eyelids.

'Even against the Tathagata, he is equal. maybe this... … .'

Since no one has yet become a god, I, too, do not know the end of my strength, but I am not immortal.

“Because I’m stuck with only me… … .”

Nane spread his arms with a smile, and a gray sword vibrated above his head.

“How can I realize no self?”

Sermon-Gwan.

A gray line was drawn from the sky, and before I knew it, the sword that cut Veron's cane into pieces was thrust into my chest.

"eww… … .”

Veron, who spread his 10 fingers wide, joined his palms and grabbed the blade just before it pierced his chest.

“Aaaaaaaaaa!”

The law was concentrated between the palms, blocking the penetration of the blade, but the body was pushed back with terrifying speed.

Kwa-kwa-kwa-kwa-kwa-kwa!

Even in the midst of being pushed back a kilometer, Veron's law was being compressed more strongly.

'I have no choice but to destroy it!'

Just as he was about to crush the blade, Nane rotated with a futile expression and closed his hand again toward Veron.

“Sermon. Big.”

As the gray sword grew bigger without knowing the end, the gap between Veron's palms gradually widened, and the speed of being pushed rapidly increased.

“Wow!”

“That… … .”

A strange light flashed in Sirone's eyes as she was looking at the ground in the Temple of the Earth.

In the southern hemisphere, at a certain point in the Kingdom of Iron, a gray sword soared and was vibrating at 7.8 times the size of the planet.

'No, we are advancing.'

According to the confirmation of the magician's senses, it was weak, but it was clearly moving at a rate of 1 kilometer per second.

“Amita who can withstand that is also amazing.”

Taesung asked.

"How about this? I know it because I've encountered it myself. If it were Sirone, would it be possible to stop the current sermon?"

"yes."

From a scale perspective, they were roughly similar, and that's why the universe hasn't closed yet.

“Extension of an entity that is not an entity. Legally, defense is possible.”

“Hmm.”

Taeseong listened to Sirone's opinion.

“But I am constantly getting stronger. Eventually, I will reach a point where I can’t handle it.”

That was exactly what Taeseong wanted to say, but it was not yet time to say it out loud.

Neither alone nor many, everyone must fight.

'Even if it's impossible... … .'

“Huhhhh!”

At the end of the 18-kilometer scratch that Nane's sermon coffin carved into the planet, Veron was brutally beaten.

'Can't it be blocked?'

A tunnel stretched out to the horizon along his path, and flames blazed around him from the heat.

'Comes in.'

A scorching pain rushed in as the now immeasurable blade pierced between the palms and landed on the chest.

'This is my end.'

I suddenly remembered.

'Why am I... … Had I been so obsessed with life?'

gurgling. gurgling.

By the time Veron didn't have a name yet, he was nothing more than a lucky-looking poison toad.

Gureuk!

A system that sits somewhere in the pond and jumps and jumps, then stretches out its tongue to swallow the occasional flies that pass by.

'I want to eat. I want to breed.'

It wasn't a particularly bad life to repeat the day with the same desire every day.

'Enemy! nemesis! nemesis! Nemesis!'

It was only when the poisonous toad's natural enemy snake swallowed Veron in one bite that he realized that fact.

… … .

The snake's venom was more terrifying than the toad's, and in the cramped stomach he blinked in terror.

'Die!'

The reason why he couldn't even scream was the fate of the creature that was born that way.

'It's painful. stuffy. It melts.'

Like many poisonous toads, Veron deserved to be nourished in the snake's stomach.

'Dying?'

Everything that makes me disappear.

Meh eh eh! Meh eh eh!

In a situation where he lost consciousness due to the paralyzing poison, Veron cried out with his mouth wide open.

'I don't want to die! like this… … like this… … !'

As the concentration of the poison permeated the mucus intensified, the snake's stomach pressed harder.

help me.

The natural enemy is born with all the abilities to digest prey, but this time it was quite poisonous.

The snake wriggled wildly to speed up digestion, and perhaps that was the end of it.

Sharp teeth pierced the snake's skin and cut Veron's back.

gurgling! gurgling!

The snake's stomach began spitting out veron again, and the slime prevented the skin from being ripped from the fangs.

When Veron, who escaped outside, looked back, the snake was being bitten by a wild cat.

'I live!'

If Veron hadn't struggled, the snake wouldn't have moved, and the wildcat wouldn't have spotted them either.

'Live! Lived!'

After frantically running away and hiding in the depths of the lakeside, Veron fell asleep as if fainting.

rumble.

And when I woke up again, countless stars were twinkling in the sky.

Looking up at the sky, Veron was seized with a strange feeling.

'It's a shame.'

Emotions, as they were without words, engulfed his whole body.

The image of himself wriggling wildly inside the snake's stomach, screaming and screaming for help.

'Why is it so embarrassing?'

The answer to the first question that came to Veron's mind when he was born contained a profound logic.

'Because there is no meaning.'

I couldn't be so pathetic to see myself struggling without even a reason to live.

'meaning. The meaning I have to live.'

Realizing the incarnation, the toad looked at the stars in the sky until dawn that night.

'Did I say obsession?'

As Nane's sword raced endlessly, Veron's body began digging into the ground.

'Maybe it could be.'

All the flesh on his palm had fallen off, and the blade had penetrated from his collarbone to his stomach.

'But this is my eternal life.'

Even if his body disappears, the meaning he left behind will forever sustain this world.

'Death is also life.'

Death will soon become life.

“No shame!”

As Veron struggled with all his might, the world-encompassing law concentrated between his palms.

"conflict!"

Hey hey hey!

Nane's sword twisted loudly and shattered from the tip of the blade.

“Huh… … .”

Veron, who had managed to keep his balance, twitched his lips as he gazed at the scenery in front of him, reminiscent of a cataclysm.

“Shura, do you have any crabs?”

The space was torn apart and Shura appeared.

“Chairman, are you okay?

“Go to Hexa. Don't make the meaning I left behind in this world meaningless.”

“No! You know how much I hate that kid! What about the Ten Commandments?”

When Veron's eyes collided with everything that had been put down, Shura secretly avoided his gaze.

“Why, why do I have to… … .”

Veron tapped Shura on the shoulder.

“… … Live.”

After that, Shura raised her eyebrows as she watched Veron collapse.

“I don’t know, how to live forever… … .”

When I turned around at the sound of footsteps, Nane was approaching me with a calm gesture.

“Did you choose to stay in the end?”

This world had to be closed as soon as possible for Veron, who was unable to go anywhere and was wandering around the Nine Heavens.

“Obsession, do you also want to follow in the footsteps of your ancestors?”

Shura looked down at Veron's corpse.

-Go to Hexa.

Recalling Veron's voice, Shura's eyes grew cold, then turned around and knelt down to Nane.

“What opinion can I dare to give to a person who overwhelms the head of the Council of Ten Lords?”

Shura's forehead touched the ground.

“I will follow you.”

When Nane nodded and turned around with her hands behind her back, Shura approached behind her.

“What are you going to do?”

“Open the altar.”

The altar where Veron's iron pole was planted was razed to the ground, but there are still 3.599 altars left in the world.

“Sermon, opening.”

A sword pierced through the sky and flew into space, splitting into thousands of flashes and crashing down.

Taeseong said.

“The Great Purifier has been opened.”

---------------------------------------