[198] 1. Divine Mercy (3)

“The law? Is there perhaps murder in your law?”

"Of course. A subject can never harm a subject. If you commit murder, you will be severely punished according to the verdict of the Ministry of Home Affairs.”

“Then what are you doing right now? Why do you proceed with the sake of anecdotes when there is murder in the law?”

“I don’t understand what you mean. Are they really Nephilim? Aren’t you saying something like heresy?”

“It doesn’t matter if it’s the Nephilim or whatever. I don't know my lifespan That's why you can live each day to the best of your ability. But look at them. alive but not alive How is this different from the murder you are talking about?”

There was no voice of criticism or sympathy from the people. But the atmosphere was getting hotter.

It is a contradiction that any subject must have felt at least once.

The drinking of anecdotes certainly seems absurd. But the reason no one rejected it was that inertia lasting for hundreds of thousands of years was at work.

Until now, the number of people who became giants with the sake of anecdotes cannot be counted. The fact that everyone has done it and will continue to do so was blocking the judgment of the subjects.

“You who deny the law of Ra, we are born of giants. The sake of anecdote is a divine arrangement that brings us back to life. Do you want your existence to perish forever? If there is such a person among the subjects, come out. I will ask you to do it myself.”

No one came forward. According to a fact handed down from long ago by the subjects, the giants made from the anecdote's sake traveled through purgatory and returned to disintegrate into individual entities.

It is better to live forever than to die. If I have to die inevitably, I want to leave room for me to come back.

that is life

It was controlling life in such a way.

The enforcer, satisfied with his subjects' silence, pointed at Sirone and shouted.

“You are a heretic! No, even if you say Nephilim, you don't have the right to get involved in the law! Arrest all authors! Make him pay for desecration of Ra!”

“Sirone, things are complicated! You have to dodge it now.”

Amy grabbed Sirone's hand. But Sirone shook her hand and kept her place.

“No, I won't go. We have to save her Kanya, her mother, and her her.”

About 10 Kergoins drew swords and ran from the front. They were as fast as cheetahs using the giant's skills.

Sirone dug into their center. Kergoin in the lead raised her sword. The rearguard also surrounded Sirone and brandished his sword.

At that point, Sirone's berserk explosion exploded.

A curtain of light hit the Kergoins. The mass contained in the photon was so small that at first it only tingled, but when it struck at a speed of 20 times per second, the body felt like it would tear itself apart.

All the Kergoins that were besieging Sirone were thrown back.

Sliding on the ground dragging their buttocks, they all looked at Sirone with amazement in their eyes.

“Yes, the Nephilim? Are you really saying they were Nephilim?”

Light magic was very effective in psychological terms. It was a phenomenon that only angels could realize, and it was magic that imprinted the fact that Sirone was a Nephilim.

Driven by momentum, Sirone concentrated her photon cannon.

The moment the executioner felt a sense of danger and blocked the bronze statue, a flash of light came out from Sirone.

The executioner twisted his body with an animal reaction speed. I felt the crushing pain in my intestines as the flash passed through my side.

But the pain was an afterthought.

When the photon cannon struck the statue of a giant, a magnificent echo spread as if it had struck a bell.

The subjects covered their ears and retreated to the sound waves vibrating in the hall.

I was shouting something loudly, but the tinnitus that remained in my ears was louder than the sound of words.

Even so, the statue of the giant was intact.

The power of the Photon Cannon was enough to crush an iron door, but there was not even a trace of crumpling on the statue.

Joy filled the eyes of the subjects.

"Oh oh! Ankera! Save us!”

“Do not forsake us! Eternal life, eternal life!”

As the situation escalated, Amy stepped forward. Somehow she brought Sirone and she had to get out of this place.

At that moment, Lian grabbed my shoulder and turned me around.

"wait. Sirone is not over yet.”

“That's not the problem. If we don't run away quickly, we'll have to fight them.”

“Then can we fight?”

Amy then turned her head. It has nothing to do with the friendship she has shared so far. The present Lian was only a knight of Sirone.

“Why are you doing that, Lian? Is there anything you want to say?”

"there is. you guys are weird now What are you going to do with Sirone?”

“Of course you have to run away. When we become enemies in heaven, there is no one to help us.”

“And who is Kanya’s mother?”

Amy's heart sank. It was because she realized herself not being able to feel the reality of someone's death.

“Sirone is trying to save Kanya's mother. As he did for Marsha's sister, who was his enemy, as he did for the magic school students. But why aren't you trying to help? hopefully you Do you think we are not responsible for the deaths of people here because this is not our world?”

"ah… … .”

Ryan's analysis was correct. Since it is a place where different rules and laws apply, I thought there was no reason to take on the death they chose.

“Amy, whether this is paradise or wherever, it is happening right in front of our eyes. Sirone said he could save Kanya's mother. That is why I will fight alongside Sirone.”

Amy looked around the square. Surrounding Sirone were Meccans armed with Cigna and Xd, and Norse wielding ancient magic.

The human mind is not insignificant. Even if this place was heaven, the truth of life could not change.

A look of conflict disappeared from Amy's face.

“I also believe in Sirone. Let's go, Lian."

As Amy threw herself, her friends immediately followed.

A light flashed and dozens of people scattered outside. When Sirone, who cast a berserker, appeared, Amy leaned back and asked.

"are you okay? Are you hurt anywhere?”

"uh. Cigna and Exd are weak against long distances, and most of the ancient magic seems to be wind-type. it's weak too You seem to be less capable than Clove.”

From Heaven's point of view, purgatory was hell. 

No matter how poor Clove's skills were, since he was a wizard who traveled through the harsh Purgatory, it could be said that his level was higher than that of those here.

Sirone and the others received the attack of the subjects from their respective positions.

The problem is that it is not easy to counterattack. In a situation where the subjects had to be persuaded, if a dead person appeared, there was room for exacerbation of the situation.

“Sheesh! It bothers me.”

Canis put her hand on the floor and cast a shadow wall. 

Sharp thorns protruded from the surface of the shadow rising like a castle wall.

The Mecha people blocked it with Xed, but they also had no way to attack.

-Sirone, I can't hold out forever. I have to make a decision now.

Sirone's thoughts became complicated. He said that in fact he had one way to end a battle without fighting.& nbsp;

It was the lighting magic Shining.

If you instantly block the enemy's view by shooting an intense light, the atmosphere of battle cools down rapidly.

'But is it possible only with Shining?'

The biggest problem was that it was broad daylight. No matter how much the intensity of light was increased, it could not beat sunlight.

The reason why it was difficult to make light stronger than the sun was because of the vibrating nature of light.

The number of photons contained in a single area must be maximized, but the oscillating light has limitations in compression.

'How can I increase the light intensity?'

At that moment, Sirone's eyes flashed.

You cannot stop the vibration of light. However, it may be possible to emit light stronger than the sun.

- Close your eyes! I'm going to cast Shining!

Sirone stopped moving and went into the Spirit Zone. Particles of light began to gather rapidly. 

Her friends closed their eyes, but Canis, who was building a shield, looked back at Sirone.

'What is that? Why is the light like that?'

The light converging on Sirone was much dimmer than the previous Shining. The weak light means that the luminescence has been reduced. After all, it meant that the vibrations were being suppressed in some way.

'I unified the polarization direction.'

Some particles vibrate vertically and some vibrate horizontally. Sirone unified the direction of the vibration of light by applying gravity to photons.

The results were phenomenal. A naturally impossible number of photons was converging on one point. The color of the light was also closer to gray because it was more stable than ordinary photons. When Shining started to emit white light, it boasted a density dozens of times higher than normal.

-Cast now!

Sirone closed her eyes tightly and let go of the control of the photons. Particles of light radiated in all directions like a humped colt.

The brightness of the white light that devours the world reached a whopping 300,000 lumens. It was more than twice as intense as looking straight into the midday sun.

Sirone realized that the magic had succeeded without looking. 

The light was so intense that even with my eyes closed, I could vaguely distinguish the shades.

'done! It's really done!'

God Particles were the core principle of Sirone's magic.

A photon cannon of mass, a laser of energy. And this time, it was a Shining Impact that compressed photons to create a flash explosion.

It was non-lethal magic that could incapacitate living things regardless of time and place because it transcended the intensity of natural light.

Even after the light disappeared, the subjects had their eyes closed. Fearing that he might be attacked, he was leaning back and covering his face with his arms.

Silence passed. 

Sirone and the others opened their eyes first, and then the subjects also raised their eyelids and looked left and right.

“Yes, the Nephilim. You are the Nephilim.”

As someone muttered, the Mechas began to drop their weapons one by one.

Shining Impact was more than just stopping the battle. 

Even if you make a contract with the light spirit, it is impossible to create a light stronger than the sun.

If there is a possible being, it will undoubtedly be an angel handling the powers of light.

Tess wiped the sweat from under her chin.

“Whoa. Sirone, what kind of magic is this? You were surprised to find out you were going blind.”

It was said as a joke, but it was sincere. She had never been exposed to such intense light in her life.

Lian approached, sheathing his greatsword.

“Anyway, since we neutralized the enemies, that's okay. Should I stop drinking Ilhwa now?”

“It won't be easy. Unlike other subjects, Kergoin is not shaken.”

As Amy said, those involved in the magic law, including the enforcer, were glaring at Sirone with fierce eyes.

Of course, it was true that they were also intimidated by the power of Shining Impact.

However, if it was the power of the Nephilim, there was no reason to receive a psychological blow.

Those who only followed Ra were not afraid of the lower laws.

“Do you know how to do this without incident, Nephilim? You have disturbed the sacred law of Ra. If you move in the internal government, your lifespan will end as of today.”

“If you can, do whatever you can. You cannot control my lifespan, which even I do not know about.”

The executioner's nose was twisted. 

I wanted to slit my throat right away, but to be honest, I had no intention of fighting.

It is 187 years obtained by devoting one's whole life. Eternal life is now in front of him, but he could not end his life here.

There was a red aura on Sirone's palm.

Now that the subjects were frightened, this was the last chance. Rather than inciting anger with a photon cannon, it was a strategy to clearly destroy it with a laser.

As the beam of red light reached the statue, the subjects backed away in fright.

But no one rushed further. If Sirone was a Nephilim, he would not be able to do anything in the line of the subjects.

---------------------------------------