[511] Questions left behind (1)

“Huh! A lowly creature dares me... … me!"

The angels who had been hiding in various parts of Jebul under Ankera's order were helplessly attacked by Karas.

Garas, who inherited the traits of Night Blind's minions through the Fusex Machine, and Garas, who is currently trying to breed mercilessly from angels, are now completely different creatures.

It is because it has repeatedly evolved so ignorantly that it can be called a big explosion.

Leaving descendants in the bodies of angels, the highest-ranking creatures in the kingdom of heaven, is the optimal choice for maintaining the species.

The already strong desire to preserve the species soared without knowing the end, and because of that, the ability to reproduce was extinguished for all species except angels.

The shape of the Garas, which only craved angels, changed to a gigantic tadpole and increased its number through cell division.

Just by touching the body, the angels fertilized the seeds of Garas, and even if they were removed by force, they somehow passed on their information through self-destruction.

“To be put to shame like this… … !”

The angels chose to perish on their own, and the number of individuals gradually decreased as they did so.

“Kiaaaagh!”

A group of Garas that filled the corridor were burned without even a trace by the brilliance emitted from Rayel, the archangel of light.

“Crack! Clara Rock!”

Satiel, the archangel of decomposition, took over and disintegrated the last remaining body of Garras down to the molecular level.

I know that something like glass will never touch my body, but it was frightening to see it fly.

“Disgusting things. How dare you scorn an angel?”

“It's not a quarantined species for nothing. Anyway, the situation is serious. I've already lost half of my angel's power.”

Anke Ra is waiting for Satan to be destroyed.

Now that they realized that fact, what the two archangels had to do was to keep as many angels alive as possible.

There is also the problem of planning the future, but when Satan's power becomes stronger, it is not even reset and it is over.

"It's pitiful."

What was most upsetting was the fact that most of the angels were choosing extinction.

'I was too arrogant.'

Recalling the human battle to find hope in despair, Satiel rethought the meaning of the angelic symbol of the sublime.

Whoops!

At that time, a roar came from the gateway of Araboth, which was in contact with the Buddha.

Satiel's face wrinkled as he looked down.

Rebels were entering Arrabot.

"Corsair! Advance! Victory is right around the corner!”

“Punish Ra!”

The rebels, who had been defeated only an hour ago, had a sharp turn in the war.

This is because the Maras, who belonged to the angels, disappeared as the angels disappeared.

Holding on to that little ember of hope, the rebels broke through the walls of Arabot.

'I see hope!'

Anger at the loss of a comrade and determination to win the war stood in everyone's eyes.

But the rebels didn't know.

The existence of God's punishment falling towards the center of heaven even at this moment.

Time left until the destruction of Heaven.

3 minutes 21 seconds.

* * *

Satan went around destroying all the buildings in Jebul.

It was so huge that there was no need to target anyone.

The place he was going to was ruins and the end.

“This is interesting.”

A pitiful world viewed from a high place, weak and pitiful beings who would be crushed by the mere touch of their feet.

“Quack. Ha ha ha!”

Satan's laughter was louder than thunder, and the air trembled, making the mountains and rivers and trees vibrate.

“How far do you plan to grow?”

Ikael's triad, Mara Ashur, was watching Satan's self-indulgence with the giant corps leader Girshin.

"I'm on par with Ymir in strength alone."

Besides, since he was a being outside of the law, there was nothing he could do until Ra's will was invoked.

Girshin did not show off his bluff in front of Satan's armed force.

“Definitely strong. I won't be able to compete either. but… … .”

Girshin turned to Ashur and widened his eyes.

"Don't you dare compare with his might."

Ashur's signal was strong enough to break the balance of the triangular mara, but to Girshin, Ymir was always the strongest.

Truly strong is a strength in which relativity cannot exist.

The only one who reached that level was Ymir in Heaven.

* * *

“Stand back. I will.”

Etella blocked Maze from approaching Satan.

Miro's face, which he confirmed as if he was stealing, was extremely cold, unlike his appearance so far.

"what? Anything to say?”

“Oh, me too… … .”

Etella hurriedly came to her senses, but in the end was unable to speak.

Even the thunderbolt of the Thousand-Handed Guanyin could not even shock Satan's body.

The will to defeat any evil was shattered before Satan.

Miro looked down at Etella's broken fist.

A person's hand cannot reach that level unless they wield it with extreme determination.

“I have no intention of blaming you. You can't fight with those fists anyway, can you?”

Ethella bit her lip and swallowed the bunru.

'What is a follower of good? What is a monk fighting for the world.'

As much as the strong conviction, the sense of helplessness came as big.

A labyrinth passed through the path that Etella had opened.

I clasped my hands together, flipped it over and pushed it out, and my shoulders and elbows made a popping sound.

As I approached him, bending his neck from side to side, Satan turned his head.

'what?'

Because the kidney pierced the sky, it was a distance that could never be confirmed with the naked eye, but strangely, it was clear that the maze was approaching.

With an aura that is temperamentally different from Ethella. Satan's unreasonable malice burned like fire.

“Quack! What else is this?”

Woo woo woo woo!

When Satan struck down the soles of his feet, a radius of 100 meters was devastated.

Sein, who took Etella and avoided the seat, quickly cleared the dust cloud inside the iron wheel.

“A labyrinth?”

With the maze out of sight, Sein's face suddenly turned pale as he expanded the spirit zone.

“You’re crazy.”

The location of the labyrinth felt through synesthesia was under Satan's soles.

“Hoo?”

When Satan put on a puzzled expression and raised his foot, the figure of Miro, who was holding a hand sign with his right hand, was revealed.

The soles of his feet, which had stepped on the maze, were dented, but compared to his huge body, it was not a pain.

"It's funny, human. How dare you stand against me, the personification of evil.”

“Is it funny? What is this now?”

Miro, who had been coldly glaring at Satan, laughed as if he had never done that before.

“No, what’s really funny is your ugly face.”

Krrrr.

A harsh sound came from Satan's teeth-baring throat.

“Ghahahahaha!”

But the next moment, anger turned into madness, and all the humans on the ground covered their ears.

“What an insignificant human being!”

At some point, Satan stopped laughing and glared at the maze with eyes burning with fire.

It was the first time he revealed his intent to kill a single target.

“We have to stop!”

Sein grabbed the shoulder of Etella who was about to throw herself.

"wait. Miro must have an idea.”

“I know how strong Mr. Miro is. But scale magic won't work on Satan.”

Satan is outside the law.

The only thing that can destroy that absolute chaos is a will strong enough to change the law.

“You don’t know the maze very well yet.”

Sein looked back at the maze.

“I built a dimensional wall to protect humanity. Because he was the only one who could do it. But Miro wasn't originally that kind of person. For us, her space-time in the labyrinth would have been a huge blessing, but she would have been more like a shackle to her.”

Ethella couldn't believe it at first.

The space-time of the labyrinth is the extreme that a scale wizard can reach.

If even that level is just shackles, can such a person really be called a human being?

“Then what kind of person is Mr. Miro?”

“To be honest, I don’t know either. How to define that sleazy woman.”

Ethella's face turned into an absurd expression.

“But one thing is certain.”

As if emphasizing the curvature of the body, Sein pulled his pelvis out and looked at Miro, who was in a three-legged posture.

“The labyrinth I went through is a person who can do anything a human being can dream of.”

Even in front of Satan's overwhelming body, Miro was smiling relaxedly rather than being intimidated.

“Whoops, I will do another one.”

“Oohhhh!”

At her, Satan roared and raised his fist to the top of his head.

It will be different this time.

If you crush it with all your might, even the world's labyrinth is nothing more than a small object.

Just as he was about to throw his fist down with such confidence, Satan's movements flinched and his eyes widened.

A mysterious aura was emanating from Miro's body.

The energy shimmering like a haze gradually condensed in the air, and finally the incarnation began to materialize.

Hwashin's face, which was tinged with calm blue light, looked calm, and a young smile formed at the corner of his mouth.

Beyond the mind - Banya.

Ethella muttered with a blank expression.

"Nonsense."

The afterimage of the incarnation was getting bigger and bigger.

Growing, growing, growing endlessly, beyond gigantism, it deserves to be called expansion.

The incarnation rose to the height of Satan.

Satan's head, which had been silently watching, began to slowly raise its head toward the sky.

Finally, the incarnation of the labyrinth beyond the limits that can be seen with the naked eye has departed into outer space.

The size finally reached is approximately 128 times the size of the planet.

It was a situation where the whole sky was filled with the incarnation of the labyrinth, enough to be seen from anywhere in the hemisphere.

“Ah, ah… … .”

Arius knelt down and raised his hand toward the maze, shedding tears of emotion.

this is the labyrinth

Any human would become a mere insignificant existence in front of her.

The incarnation of Avalokiteshvara overlooking the whole world.

This was the reason why even Arius of the Seven Magicians, who was called the villain of the world, willingly lowered himself to the status of a dog.

'This is the end.'

Miro, who had released his three-legged posture, turned his hands wide and drew a circle, and the huge incarnation moved in the same motion.

The world seemed to sway as the two arms of the incarnation, which stretched from end to end of the sky, moved.

“Thousands Arms Guanyin… … .”

Ethella's voice trembled.

The two arms of the incarnation descending from the top of the head to the left and right differentiated at the smallest unit of time, leaving afterimages.

The sight of countless afterimages coming like tails and pushing toward Satan was the biggest realization in her life.

'The power of incarnation... … .'

Concentrating her will with all her might, Miro put her palms together and raised her eyes wide.

'Compress to one point!'

Banyabaramil - Paradise.

No sound, no smell, no form.

The fact that 180 million palms were flying from left and right was all Satan could guess.

Realizing the serious crisis, Satan's eyes quickly began to look left and right.

I didn't know what kind of outcome awaited me, but I didn't want to fall for that technique even if it meant selling my soul.

'It must be avoided!'

But where?

The moment I realized, the power went out of Satan's body.

“Damn it… … .”

Deed deed deed deed!

"Quaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!"

As the incarnation's palms collided with the planet in between, 180,000 shockwaves rushed in at the same time.

Feeling the shock of crushing his whole body, Satan trembled like mad.

The intensity of the impact that the huge incarnation compressed into a single point was a sensation that could only be tasted at the end of the world.

Each cell in Satan's body swelled up like a balloon, and the red skin became bumpy like embossing.

The body, distorted so badly that it lost its original shape, exploded with a popping sound and began to rapidly shrivel.

"Keeeeeeeeeeeeeee!"

An evil scream rips through the sky.

---------------------------------------