[500] Despair. despair (3)

Quan tightened the muscles with the schema to stop the bleeding. And he calmly pointed his sword as if he had never done that.

“Oh, you have such a skill.”

An incontinent smile crept across the corner of the unknown's lips.

The insight of penetrating and applying the human body schema just by looking at it remained in the realm of incomprehensibility from the human point of view.

“But I don’t need it.”

At the same time as Nameless Charged, 24 external gravitational forces erupted from Quan's body.

Each external gravitational force made Quan's body oscillate, repeating expansion and contraction like a ball connected to a rubber band.

It was an extremely bizarre movement, but to Mu-myeong, it was just a fixed path like a single road.

As if to prove that fact, Mu Myung put pressure on him by showing a superior movement than Kuan.

A trajectory that transcends all predictions and predictions that humans can make, and even the realm of imagination and delusion.

“Keugh!”

Another fatal blow landed Kuan on the floor with a distorted face.

After confirming that Moo-myeong pushed through the twin swords, he raised the sword, but was pushed to the wall by the force of the charge.

Kaka Kaka Cak!

The blade was firmly fixed while rubbing a short distance, and the gazes of the two swordsmen collided between the blades.

“Aha, now I understand.”

Now, obscurity's attention was focused on Quan, not swordsmanship.

It is understandable that Armin created a barrier with stop magic.

This is because the moment the barrier disappears, he casts flicker magic and is confident that he can kill two people in an instant.

However, I wondered why Quan, who realized the difference in skill, gave up on his life and rushed into it.

In the end, the answer he gave was a very inefficient and unreasonable human mind.

“Am I dying to save them?”

Kuan made eye contact with Shiina briefly.

It was a momentary sincerity that even the prosecutor's superhuman nerves couldn't suppress.

And Moo-myeong did not miss the woman's face reflected in Quan's eyes.

According to memory, it is love.

Even calling him father is detestable, but the desire to reproduce the race is at the highest level among Garras' animal nature.

'No, if that's the case, it doesn't make much sense.'

Garas does whatever it takes to satisfy his desires, even transforming his body.

However, Kuan's behavior tended to go against the basic nature of such animals.

“They intend to use you as bait to escape. Besides, she doesn't love you. Rather, she wants to have a child with the man next to her. But why are you behaving like this?”

Although the desire for breeding has been converted into a desire for achievement, it is basically a being endowed with the genetic material of Galas.

If you saw and felt it with the eyes of an unknown person, it was an unquestionable fact.

“Whoa, whoa, whoa.”

Quan drew in a deep breath.

Even if he didn't bother to borrow Garas' advice, he knew at least that Shiina had a crush on Armin.

But why are you doing this?

If the only thing you get in return for saving Shiina and Armin is death, what are you fighting for?

'It would be nice, wizards.'

Wizards always make the best choices.

Therefore, Shiina's judgment with Armin should have been correct this time as well.

Just like the time when he talked about death without hesitation to himself who rushed to the restaurant as soon as he received an emergency payment.

I wanted to be by Shiina's side.

I wanted to stay as the only man, not as a prosecutor.

And at this moment, Kuan gave up all hope.

“What do I know, idiot.”

Quan let out the breath he had been holding up until now and swung his sword.

Anonymous, who took a few steps back, frowned as if looking at an insignificant existence.

“You fool. To choose death without even knowing the justification for one's own actions. Is it human?”

As I aimed my twin swords at the rushing Quan and opened my eyes, I thought my nameless arms were released like smoke, and then a high-speed slash wrapped around the front.

Woo woo woo woo!

A speed that can be called a sword curtain.

Dozens of blades rushed into Quan's eyes as the air made a burning sound.

'I found it, my grave.'

Even in the situation of absolute death approaching, Quan strangely felt a surge in his heart.

The grave he chose was in Shiina's heart.

If he could die for her in front of Shiina, that would be it.

'I know. Not childish.'

Kuan's body rapidly changed its trajectory and bypassed the sword screen.

'Actually, I'm angry... … .'

I couldn't stand it because I was jealous that Armin was hugging Shiina, but I couldn't even say a word.

Quan whirled around Nameless even faster.

In response, the nameless sword bent like a snake and chased after him, leaving dozens of wounds on Quan's body.

Even if it wasn't a fatal wound, it was a lethal amount of blood.

“Let go! Let go of this!”

Shiina was calling out to Kuan, but the sound did not cross the barrier of time.

“Shina! calm down! It is not yet time!”

Armin's heart was miserable as well.

There is a slight possibility of overcoming this difficulty if the flicker magic closes the gap and puts a stop to the nameless.

However, if Nameless avoided the magic in the same way, there was only a 100% chance that Shiina would die.

"wait! Be patient a little longer!”

“Mr Quan! Mr. Kuan!”

In the scenery where the world rotates at high speed, Kuan gazed at Shiina's face for a moment.

'Yes, this is me.'

A clown who dances with swords in front of her, hoping that she will understand his feelings.

“Ku-k-k-k-k! Whoop whoop whoop!”

Quan laughed with his lungs moving, but his distorted face looked like he was crying.

“Yes, I will give you the title of sword genius.”

Kuan, who had been avoiding repeatedly, finally infiltrated the inside of the sword screen.

“I am a black demon.”

Woo woo woo woo!

As external gravity stretched out in all directions, Quan's body spun like a top.

"huh?"

Since the two swordsmen were already performing movements beyond human imagination, those watching did not even detect a change.

However, Nameless, who deeply understands the true meaning of external gravity, felt a sense of dread for the first time during the battle.

'What is this?'

Kuan's movements were ambiguous.

If the trajectory so far has been a single road, it suddenly feels like it has split into two paths where you have to make a decision.

'No, even if I do, it won't change anything. Does not matter.'

If there are only two branches, you can subdue them all.

Moo-myeong, who passed by Kuan and cut three places in an instant, was shocked without a smile of repentance.

'Was it cut?'

The moment he turned his head with an expression of disbelief, the skin on his right shoulder cracked and blood splattered.

For the first time in my life, the wound I experienced was a terribly unpleasant and repulsive sensation.

However, his psychological state was so confused that he couldn't even pay attention to the pain.

'When the hell?'

It was a two way road.

No, it is stupid to deny the results that have already come out.

So what can you think of... … .

'Another road I couldn't see?'

Is it possible?

With that thought in mind, Quan turned around with an evil face like a demon in the nameless eyes.

“Cheuk, it was shallow. But this time it will be a little deeper.”

Swords collided with each other again.

In a brief moment that seemed like one, dozens of joints crossed, and the flesh of the unknown left thigh fell off again.

invisible

Quan's sword was moving unexpectedly.

“That could happen… … !”

The anger when suppressed was as intense as the desire for great achievement.

As his pride was trampled on, the explosive emotions in Garras' nature reached an all-time high.

“No, no!”

As dozens of external gravitational forces pulled the cotton together, his movement line began to bend like crazy.

Seeing the complicated trajectory as if a handful of yarn had been tangled up, Quan muttered without blinking an eye.

“… … It's annoying.”

visor!

The clashes of the swords reached dozens of times, but because they were so fast, they exploded into the world as a cacophony.

A line of blood was engraved on Quan's back as he staggered to a halt, and blood gushed out.

"ha! ha!"

A red line was drawn on the nape of the nameless neck, which stopped moving with a quick breath, and the skin was cut.

"this… … !”

I missed Quan's sword again.

However, it turned the confidence of ignorance into doubt again.

There was no way that his own imagination, far above human insight, could not overwhelm Kuan.

"It's strangely annoying... … .”

At some point, Quan is muttering the same thing.

It felt like my head was open again, just like when I gained enlightenment at the cost of giving up my life and attacking Fengzhang.

“Aha, that’s right. I get it now.”

Quan staggered back like a drunk.

In fact, his pupils, which had been immersed in deep thoughts and then escaped, were opened in a hazy way, as if he was half out of his mind.

“That was all it took.”

Perseok!

The sound of flesh and bone breaking at the same time was heard.

Even Shiina, who was shouting Kuan's name in succession, and Armin, who sensed an opportunity and decided to run away, went pale in their heads.

Moo-myeong made a dull sound and blinked at Kuan's right arm, which had fallen to the floor.

It is cut exactly below the shoulder.

He cut off his own arm.

'why?'

It may vaguely make sense, but the first thing that comes to mind is that this kind of behavior is never an achievement.

'I limited myself to the possibility of development. Are you crazy?'

“Now, how about this?”

At the sound of Kuan's voice, Mu Myung raised his head again.

The appearance of holding out a sword with the only remaining arm was clearly weaker than before, but the situation changed rapidly after a while.

Based on where Kuan was standing, I began to have the illusion that the landscape had tilted to one side, as if the ground had collapsed.

Asymmetric clown clown clown.

"you… … .”

For the first time, fear flashed in the unknown eyes.

It was an achievement towards death that only humans with biases can reach.

* * *

"why? Why?”

Flew hugged Crude before he fell and carefully laid him on the ground.

It was embarrassing to even say that the bones in his body were already broken and bent.

Crude's hazy gaze could not settle down and wandered around the sky.

Piper's frame prevented her from being crushed, but the pain would have been worse.

“Why did you come to see me? why? If you're going to die like this, why did you come to me!”

Fleur shouted at the dying Crude.

Even though I knew it was a cruel act, I couldn't bear the anger exploding in my heart.

"you… … I hate it so much... … .”

Crude said in a dying voice.

“I have no family.”

Flew's face contorted into tears when he realized everything with a short word.

“At least there must be a reason to die… … .”

"stop! I don't want to hear that! What are you saying to me! What should I do if I end up like this and say such things!”

Crude gave a faint smile.

Giving everything to the woman you loved.

After giving up even the most precious life, it will stay in her heart forever.

Perhaps that is the greatest revenge.

“Flu… … . love… … under… … .”

Crude's tongue hardened and her eyes closed.

Fleur hugged the corpse of Crude, who dropped her head, with her trembling arms.

The more she tried to hold it in, the bigger the emotion, and eventually she couldn't stand it and sobbed.

"AA AA AA!"

Hate it because you loved it, and hope that at least that hatred will be known, and eventually die.

It is the human mind without substance, and therefore without end.

The mind was sitting like a heavy rock on Flew's chest, catching his breath.

---------------------------------------