[740] To the stars (4)

A long silence passed behind Sirone's question, putting the name of the Earth Temple to shame.

“Sirone.”

Taeseong opened his heavy mouth.

“Human beings have the ability to give names to things that exist. In other words, intelligence.”

Naming is what intelligence is all about.

“But just because you have the ability to know something doesn’t mean you can know everything.”

Although numerous scholars explore the end of the universe.

“If you think that one day you will know everything, it is only the limit of human beings who have not yet realized the nature of intelligence.”

Because the answer lies beyond infinity.

“That’s why even I, who know everything in the world, can’t say for sure what is outside the universe.”

“But I am here.”

It wasn't an outside issue.

“You can tell me what you see beyond the veil of infinity you see here and now.”

“I really don’t know. There is no reason for me to lie to Sirone.”

“Can’t you at least guess?”

"It's something you can't guess."

Taeseong was adamant.

“If you put your feet on the ground and look up at the sky, you can make a lot of guesses. You are free to let your imagination run wild. But at the end of the world, you can't. Sirone-kun knows that it is too dangerous.”

It is unbelievable to guess the nature of the world.

“Beyond the veil may only be nothing. This may be the beginning. Why are you denying yourself?”

“I don’t deny it, I want to admit it. I heard that Mr. Mahagarutha attained liberation. And never came back.”

Had Mahagartha awakened from his dream by now, or would he have perished in eternal nothingness?

“I was able to come back to this world because I gave up everything in the realm of infinity… … .”

The reason Sirone was sad was this.

“If I had crossed the border, I wouldn’t have come back either.”

You can't return to a dream outside of a dream, so I knew that Nane was right.

“If I want to defend this world against Nane, no, if I want to surpass him, I think we have to define Hexa first.”

Taeseong let out a long sigh.

“Infinity is... … .”

Then he looked back at Sirone and asked.

“What is it? cowardice? What about humans? what about the stars? Everything is just a name given to something that exists for no reason. It just exists, and we define it according to our needs. That is why infinity and cowardice are only names given to us.”

Taeseong's index finger aimed at Sirone's forehead.

“Even God.”

“… … .”

“For humans, the concept of God has no reason to be complicated. Because it's a realm of faith, and it's a name built for that purpose from the beginning. However, when the person who enters the realm of the gods becomes Sirone, who is called the infinite wizard... … .”

Taeseong lowered his arm.

“You run into all sorts of contradictions. You can handle all the information in the world. God. But the problem is, that information is from the human point of view.”

Sirone was clearly a god, but he was a god that humans could define.

“I know why Sirone-kun asked the question. Ideas realized through the 8th sense simply exist, so they do not need to exist or not exist... … .”

That's why he controls the phenomena of all things freely.

“It is also just an infinity named by humans, so the true meaning is that it is outside.”

Taeseong immediately spoke.

“Also, since the hexa is made of light, that is, to translate it differently… … That it is just an abnormal signal flowing through the system, not a specific entity.”

I felt like my heart stopped when I heard Taeseong.

“Eventually I… … .”

Taehyung's expression softened.

“This is my home.”

"home… … What?”

"is it so. Let's try it. What Sirone-kun wants to know. I will guess beyond infinity at the end of the world.”

I could feel Taesung's kind heart.

“As Sirone-kun knows, I am the reincarnation of a star. My name, who governs all the stars, is Gaia. for example… … Let's say I'm actually a program. The Gaia Program.”

Taeseong emphasized the feeling of being a family.

“The universe is born and the natural world is born in it. There are two huge programs that make up the natural world. One is me, Gaia who governs the planets. And another... … .”

Taeseong's gaze turned to the ceiling.

“This is the stellar program, Ra.”

It was another name for the sun.

“The Gaia program builds a new system through the energies delivered by the stellar program. It is the birth of the sub-system of the natural world, the biological system.”

“And in that biome… … .”

“It is still too early to speak of humans.”

Taeseong stopped talking.

“When Gaia creates the environment with the power of Ra, the biological program Argones spreads the cell. The number of evolutionary species is infinite, but the substance is the simplest information carrier.”

Sirone's eyes widened.

“Argones?”

Fisho, who majored in insect magic in the graduation exam, was the name of the alien creature that became its host.

“Ra’s power, Gaia’s environment, Argones’ cell. Combining these three elements indefinitely, there must be a certain space in this wide universe where creatures can live. Then, the basic preparations are completed.”

“Preparation for what?”

“Ready for users to use this world.”

Sirone shut his mouth.

“I am speaking on the assumption that Sirone's guess is true. Even if a creature exists, constructing a mind is another matter. First of all, it has to be real, and yet it has to offset the fear of death.”

“It is God.”

"yes. Mind Program God. Humans call it this way because it is a program derived from the star, the source of life.”

Taeseong raised his index finger.

“Eternal and immortal Ra.”

It was Anchera.

“Nevertheless, Anchera may not know that he is a program. Perhaps you only know it as a being who suddenly opened your eyes in the realm of nothingness. He subjectively defines all concepts, stores them in the Akashic Records, and transmits them to all living things in the universe through quantum transmission. That's why Nane said that this world is Ankera's dream.”

Everything that I felt as a portrait became clearer as if I could see it with my eyes.

“But an unexpected problem arose.”

Taehyung's eyes softened.

“The mind program was activated, and all users were to achieve eternal life through reincarnation. However, the first human beings who came out of Gaia, that is, the Gaians, began to resist the God program.”

Sirone recalled the Gaian record he had seen at Babel.

“So you were trying to get away from Anchera.”

"yes. It was a fierce war. Every time Ankera tried to reset to catch the error, Gaia desperately blocked it. They considered their enlightenment to be more important than the universe. It had to be passed on to posterity somehow.”

Sirone swallowed his saliva.

“Ankerado attacked them with all the concepts he had defined. He seemed unable to stop the reset, with the tide turning. In the meantime, someone from Gaia found a way not to lose his enlightenment.”

“That way… … .”

“You go outside and inject your own code. It’s about infiltrating a special signal that can withstand a reset.”

Sirone shook her head.

“How could that be? Even Mahagaruta-san can't influence this world since he's already been liberated.”

“There is one way.”

Sirone's eyes widened as he suddenly realized.

"no way… … .”

"yes. Guffin expunge.”

Taeseong waved his fingers.

“As soon as it is reset, it leaves the photon field and injects a new signal. This is the truth behind the original reset.”

Sirone bit her molars.

“Then what is Hexa… … .”

“Mind programs transmit information via quanta, biological programs transmit information via electricity, but in the end it is a network based on photons. Time, matter, and energy are all light. And the Gaians use that unit of information... … .”

Taesung spat out in a cautious voice.

“It was called Hexa.”

At the same time, tears flowed down Sirone's cheeks.

“Even the concept of cause and effect is nothing more than a definition freely interpreted by Ankera's dream. There is no cause for Hexa who came from outside this world. That's why he is free from Ankera's reset, and is the only one who lives outside of his dreams.”

“Huh. Whoops.”

Taeseong's heart collapsed at Sirone's cry, but he had to come to a conclusion since he had come this far.

“The light that makes up Hexa imitates human information as it is. That's why Shirone-kun is also human. However, when viewed from the outside, as Sirone-kun guessed… … .”

Taehyung bit his lip for a moment.

"Maybe it's just a signal."

Shirone's shoulders shook as she lowered her head.

"I am… … I am… … .”

My parents who raised me, my beloved Amy, my friends at magic school, and countless people I have met over the course of my 20 years of life.

'None of them... … .'

Not connected.

It's just a program of some pioneers to get out of Ankera's control.

“But maybe not.”

At Taesung's words, Sirone raised her head again.

“I made it clear, Sirone. It's just a guess. I also don't know the truth. It's just that Sirone-kun's realization from cowardice was grafted onto the point of view of infinity. If you put your mind to it, you can come up with any other story. The biggest problem is that the Guffins have already been expunged.”

“Why does that matter?”

“I know all the history of the universe, but I can't remember the Guffin. The most curious part is why did the Gaians compose Hexa with human information?”

Sirone's eyes blinked.

“Even if this world is at any point in the cowardice, there is quite a bit of evidence that humans can't be concluded as the only users. The same goes for the Terraforce race and the Gaians. It's clear that the model is much more complex than Sirone guesses. But surprisingly, what Gaia chose was human.”

“Hmm.”

Sirone, who finally came to his senses, stroked his chin.

“I became an infinite wizard by opening my 8th sense, but Gaia people are a race that opened their 11th sense and intimacy. She is on a different level from Sirone, who uses omnipotence by human standards. Therefore, the universe they analyzed and the assumptions outside the curtain may be completely different from what Sirone thinks now.”

“Beyond infinity.”

It was a one-line phrase that Guffin gave to Sirone after Gaiain's record ended and the screen was reset.

“… … come to me.”

Taeseong grabbed Sirone's trembling shoulders.

"Maybe it's not a signal, Sirone."

Although the guffin was expunged.

“I might not be alone.”

“Alone… … no… … .”

Tears, much hotter than before, flowed profusely.

“Go beyond me and reach the ultimate. And meet me proudly at the end of this world. your real parents.”

Sirone always nodded.

"yes. certainly… … .”

At least not yet was the time to give up everything.

"great. then."

Taeseong, who tapped Sirone on the shoulder, said with a pleasant smile.

“From now on, we will begin the bestowal ceremony for the stars.”

---------------------------------------