[167] Dangerous Deal (4)

Amy walked over to them. She raised Kanis' medicine, covering the corner of her mouth, as if perhaps she had the same thought as Sirone.

“Ho-ho-ho! Are you sure you missed out? Well, you do.”

There may not be any resentment since he won the battle of Sironeya, but Amy suffered a lot from the two. 

With the mentality that what he suffered was definitely paid back, he took this opportunity to make a proper blow.

However, Kanis did not yield to her provocation.

“Heh, isn’t that the same for you? Now that I see it, graduating class is no big deal.”

“You are laughing! How do you know if I fell?”

“Knowing that I failed means that you all took the exam too. If you guys had succeeded, you wouldn't be wandering around right now. Are you stupid?”

“This bastard! Where are you messing with the subject of a new junior!”

“Who was it that was dragged around by such a junior? Besides, shouldn't we be grateful? If I hadn't stopped Lucas, you might have died.”

There was life in Amy's eyes. At the time she was exposed to Abyss Nova, she was a fallout for Lucas and she was angered when she recalled her memory of how she almost cursed her.

“This child… … !”

Before Sirone had time to stop, Amy raised her fist at Canis.

The moment she was about to hit her face with the power of schema, the shadow cast behind Canis rose up and her black nails ran down her shoulder.

Amy reflexively backed away. Harvest, who was protecting her canis as if hugging her, laughed with her mouth torn.

“Kikiki! Long time no see, sister. The character is still the same.”

“Kyaaaagh! What is that!"

Tourists saw Harvest and fled in fright. It was completely understandable from Sirone's point of view.

Magical effects were not unfamiliar to nobles, but the sudden rise of human-shaped shadows was bizarre on a different level.

Even Tess was stunned when she saw Harvest.

"oh my god. Do the shadows speak? Ryan, have you ever seen anything like that?”

Broad shoulders contrasting with a small face, and a slim waist like a tiger. It was human in shape, but its arms were twice as thin and long as humans. His palms were said to be as large as shields, and his fingernails were pointed like swords.

“No, this is my first time too. But Sirone seems to be spherical.”

Harvest was defending most of Canis' torso with his palms wide open. In front of Harvest, who specializes in shock absorption, Amy had no choice but to be cautious.

“Kiki, let’s be careful not to approach each other. I don't want to see blood in a place like this."

“That… … .”

The moment Amy was about to charge again, Sirone raised her finger. The red photons were compressed at the tips of her fingers, and they shook with an afterimage as if they were about to be shot at her.

Harvest remained silent this time. It was a technique called a laser that had previously detonated itself.

“I apologize to Amy. It's not good to expose other people's wounds."

"wound? Is that enough to hurt you? Besides, I'm the one who saved that woman. Anyway, the nobles’ way of thinking.”

“That is for the person who has been hurt to decide. If you remind someone of a painful memory, you can apologize. How long are you going to look at the world crookedly?”

"joy! I don’t want to hear that from the plants in the greenhouse.”

Following Canis' provocation, Harvest inflated his upper body hugely, threatening everyone. At the same time, Sirone's laser shone more intensely.

Arin changed the Spirit Zone into a tentacle and slowly sent it to Sirone. Thinking that it would be dangerous at this rate, I was thinking of releasing the laser with mental disturbance.

But before John could reach, Amy blocked Sirone's way. She frowned as if Arin was embarrassed. In front of Hong's ability, most mental magic was useless.

Sorcerous creatures, lasers, mind magic, self-image memory.

Magic with different inclinations were biting and biting and spinning like a belt. No one moved hastily, and everyone was looking at each other.

Tess grabbed Lian's arm and pretended to cry, feeling the tension as if something was about to happen.

“What is it, them? scared."

Ryan's thoughts were different from Tess's. People in the world are grotesque about wizards, he says. In the end, it was a story that the more you deviate from common sense, the stronger your identity as a wizard.

Lian felt good that Sirone had become such a grotesque and abnormal person.

"You're doing well, Sirone."

“What, what?”

Tess asked with a puzzled expression. It was like looking at a pervert. 

But Lian walked over to the wizards without answering. Then he took out the straight sword behind his back and said.

“Hey, I don’t know who it is… … !”

Tess, who ran from a distance, climbed on Lian's back and covered his lips with the palm of her hand.

“Please keep an eye out. What about you then?”

“Oops! Let go! Sirone! Whoops!”

Sirone, Amy, Kanis and Tess watched Lian and Tess fight in amazement.

Thanks to this, the tension in the battle was further alleviated, and Harvest also shrunk his inflated upper body.

As the light from the laser weakened, Arin's Spirit Zone was released. Amy's red eyes returned to their original color.

In fact, it wasn't about fighting with blood. If Amy scratched the inside of Kanis, Kanis just fed the counter by adding one more to that feeling.

“Let’s stop this useless war of attrition. I didn't come all the way here to fight you guys."

Canis said while absorbing Harvest into her shadow.

When the other side first proposed a truce, Amy also softened her fighting spirit and regained her sanity.

When the tension was relieved, Canis asked a question she had been curious about since seeing Sirone here for the first time.

“How are you anyway? If you stay here despite failing, does that mean you found a way to enter the Kergo Autonomous Region?”

Sirone was about to say something, but Amy interrupted before she could speak.

“Why do we have to teach that?”

This time, it wasn't a fight. In a sense, since it was information obtained at the risk of one's life, it was not something to be recklessly revealed to an untrustworthy person.

“There’s nothing to be too wary of. We know at least how to get into the Autonomous Zone. Perhaps you are thinking of taking the loop bootleg route?”

She didn't show it, but Amy was very surprised. Canis seemed to know the window where the Freeman organization traded loops. Then why did they bother to enter the room of achievement and sacrifice and take the test?

Canis, who was staring at Amy who was lost in thought, raised a corner of her mouth and said.

“I can hear the sound of my head rolling from here. If you're curious, can I tell you?"

"joy! Who is curious? I know enough about that!”

“Aha, yes? Arin, how are you?”

Kanis turned her head and asked. Arin, who had been thinking about her for a while, hurriedly brought her back to her senses and answered.

"huh? oh, that's a lie I'm very curious. They’re just jumping around.”

"profit… … !”

Amy gritted her teeth with a look of resentment. I don't know what it means to run fondant, but it was impossible to hide my feelings from Arin, who has supernatural powers.

At that moment, Arin's stomach growled.

Sirone's eyes focused on Arin. Her face turned red as she bowed her head in shame.

Kanis looked at Arin with a worried expression she had never shown to anyone before and asked.

“Arin, are you okay?”

"are you okay. That's it, what. It used to be nothing.”

Kanis bit her molar. Since he left magic school, he had been traveling for a long time, and he had not eaten anything for three days because he had run out of money before he knew it.

He could starve as much as he wanted, but not Arin. Her inertia that had kept her in her radum for ten years was still there.

Canis bowed her pride and said to Sirone.

“Could you… … Do you have something to eat? Arin couldn't eat her food. I'm fine, so how can I not?"

It was only then that Sirone checked Canis's whereabouts. No matter how long he traveled, his clothes were shabby and there were dirt marks left on him as if he had slept in the mountains.

'They said that all the legacy that Arcane inherited was taken away... … .'

After the heartbeat test, Kanis didn't come to school. If you think about it, eating and living must have been the biggest problem for them without any connection.

It is difficult to find a job for a wizard with sufficient skills but no license. Because customers are reluctant. Of course, there are those who want to, but the majority are related to crime.

But Canis didn't want to live in darkness any longer. This is because he realized that he could never rise to a high place by fighting society.

Amy sighed and said.

“I want to eat something first. There's a bar we went to before, so let's go. The noodles there are delicious.”

"no! I'm really fine!”

Arin shook his hand. In fact, I was starving to death, but I couldn't bear to follow Canis's pride.

Amy grabbed Arin by the wrist and forcibly dragged her away.

“It’s okay, what’s okay? There is thunder in the boat. You don't have to have stamina to fight or not. Canis, come with me too.”

“I’m done. I just need to take Arin.”

“It’s noisy, and if you follow me, follow me. It’s natural for a senior to buy a meal for hungry juniors.”

Sirone pushed Canis on the back and said.

“Yes, Canis. let's go in Anyway, I have something to talk to you about.”

Canis pretends not to win and Amy takes them to the bar where they met the mercenaries.

As the six of them sat down, Sirone introduced Canis and Arin to Lian. Rian was a little surprised to hear that he was a disciple of the Archmage, but he was relieved by Amy's kind explanation that he had lost to Sirone.

The first priority was to fill the stomach. Canis and Arin hurriedly ate two bowls of noodles as if they were really hungry.

Sirone and the others, who had just eaten Yuna's lunchbox, felt full just watching them eat.

Sirone naturally smiled as she gulped down the broth. It occurred to me that no matter how they were born or what their personalities were, they were also human beings.

As the two people, who had filled their stomachs, licked their lips as if they were finally going to live, Sirone secretly let out a fortune.

“We and you may have complicated thoughts, but let’s talk about it openly. Why did you come here?”

“Canis has always been interested in ruins. So he's on a ruins quest.”

“Oh, was Canis’ dream to be an archaeologist?”

“Sheesh, what a useless word.”

Canis, who hates telling her story to others, muttered curtly. But she didn't tell Arin that she should quit.

Although her social skills are poor, Arin was not a woman who was easygoing enough to answer a question casually. She was the best answer to reveal the facts while hiding the necessary information.

In fact, the reason the two came to the island was for a special reason, not an exploration of ruins. And they needed Sirone to get what they wanted.

“Let us also ask. Why did you guys come?”

Canis asked, pointing at Amy. The leader of the four would be Shirone anyway, but he didn't want to show that he wanted something from him as much as possible.

However, if it was psychological warfare for Amy as well, it was beyond normal. She knew enough about how to hide the truth while avoiding Arin's menarche.

“Whoops. Of course, I came to go to Kergo Autonomous Region. Just like you.”

"Hey, do you know what's in there?"

“Hmm, are you talking like you know?”

“Maybe, maybe not.”

Amy gave a fake eye smile. But inside, she was so frustrated that she was going crazy.

'Know. I'm sure you know, you son of a bitch.'

Kanis chose the route of testing rather than the route of loop trafficking. If so, he was saying that at least he had a clear understanding of why he had to choose that place.

'It's embarrassing. How do I get information from them?'

Canis and Arin were different from the mercenaries I had met before. Besides, as long as he had menarche, he had to be seen as no match for psychological warfare.

Sirone, who had been listening until now, asked with a straight attack method.

“Canis, can you tell me what you know? In fact, we know very little.”

I know what Amy is thinking, but in the end it was clearly at a disadvantage. She had better be honest and open her heart and expect a response.

Contrary to expectations, Kanis accepted it plainly. Sirone's party should never have noticed, but in fact, Canis and Arin were in a situation where Sirone's help was absolutely necessary.

"good. But instead, there's something I need to check first.”

“Ask me anything. If you know anything, I will answer you.”

“The reason you want to go to the autonomous zone. Is that because you want to know about the space-time of the maze?”

Sirone's eyes widened. The space-time of the maze was something only her close friends and the principal knew.

"how did you know? Do you know about mazes? No, how much do you know about Kergo Ruins?”

When Sirone urgently asked, Canis rather relaxed and rested her chin.

"well. At least I think I know more than you.”

Sirone was absorbed in her thoughts with a serious expression. Where the hell did you get the information from? And that too in less than a month.

Then I suddenly realized. The shadow cast under Canis' feet. And the existence of the magical creature staying there was telling everything.

“It is the knowledge of Arcane.”

---------------------------------------