Humanity's destination (4)

On the 1.5th floor of Ymir's Mind, Sirone had a dream.

dream of victory.

Time is not important in the dream, but the amount of data he receives is enormous.

Such a huge story.

It was a realization that a man called the first Yora had gained in a terrible tragedy.

The time is around the time when humankind has finished tribal life and started to have a centralized system.

“Whoa, it’s hot.”

Tyrants abounded, and the life of the ruled was far more miserable than Sirone's world.

A time when many philosophers and seekers raised questions about life and preached their thoughts.

“It’s because it’s so hard to meet people.”

The 20-year-old seeker Jo Ra-han was also wandering the world with the will of seeking the truth in his heart.

He opened the lid of the water bottle and lifted his head, but only a drop of water fell.

“Chuck, chuck.”

I was very thirsty from climbing the mountain path, but I couldn't find any water anywhere.

"this… … Will you die if you do well?” When I said that, I burst out laughing haha.

“Still, it’s a good life for me. There are countless lives suffering from tyranny.”

war, war again.

The ambitions of those in power knew no bounds, and clashes with other countries occurred every day.

'We have to stop the war.'

Some say the political system and others say the capital system needs to be changed.

'There is a limit to sustaining with the sacrifice of a few. If everyone shows even the slightest consideration, the war will stop.'

He believed in the human mind.

"good! let's go!"

Wouldn't you have to meet someone to preach?

It was two days later that I felt the first hint of misfortune during the exciting hike.

“Huh. Huh.” Even though I've been to many remote areas, it was the first time that I was completely isolated like this place.

'Here... … Where are you?'

Not even those common animals were visible, just trees and grass.

I studied herbalism, but it was the first plant I had ever seen, and yesterday I ate the wrong thing and got diarrhea.

'The dehydration is getting worse.'

Had I lost my mind?

In the consciousness that returned intermittently, Yorahhan seemed to have spent another day.

'Is this how it ends?'

It was unfortunate that he left without being able to express his will, but it was nothing to be unfair about.

'There must be someone, someone who thinks the same as me. alright, what am i saying It wasn't even popular.'

At that time, I couldn't even imagine how close to impossible Yorahhan's dream was.

'It's drowsy.'

Just when I was about to accept eternal sleep, someone called after the sound of stepping on the grass.

“What are you doing here?”

The faces of a beautiful adult man and woman came into Jorahhan's field of vision.

“Sah, man… …

The hoarse throat was resentful.

“Save people.”

After exchanging glances, the man and woman shrugged and asked Yorahhan again.

“How do you save them?”

“Water, some water. something to drink... … please… … ask."

"water? Water is in the village.”

The woman asked while Jorahhan, who seemed to be out of breath right now, was in despair.

“Can’t you stand it?”

I thought what if I couldn't stand it, but I was already nodding my head.

"all right. wait a little bit.”

The woman closed her eyes.

At first, I thought it was to wish them peace, but soon something amazing happened.

The trees all around swayed and water droplets began to shoot out from the leaves.

'what? Is it a dream?'

It was a time when magic was the exclusive property of the few, so he had no choice but to think that way.

But as water dripped into his gaping mouth, his brain secreted a powerful pleasure substance.

"ha. more, more... …

“Gather some water and give it to us.” At the man's suggestion, the woman gathered the leaves and pasted them together with mud to make a bowl.

"Here you are."

When she poured the water, Yorahhan's uvula jerked as if it were about to pop out.

"ha."

Can words describe the feeling of that moment?

'I lived.'

fell asleep like that

Hearing laughter from outside, Yora Han slowly lifted her eyelids.

Birds were chirping.

Thinking that it was a bird call he hadn't heard in a while, he jumped up and stood up.

“What, what?”

Looking around, it was a small cabin, and he was lying on a bed of grass.

“Wasn’t it a dream?”

As I lowered my feet under the bed, the tent opened and two people entered.

A boy and a girl who looked about 17 years old were beautiful, but it was their sense of smell that stimulated Yorahhan.

'The smell of flowers.'

A person whose body smells like flowers.

They came in with water to wash and were surprised to see Yorahhan waking up.

"uh? are you awake? I will have to tell the chieftain.”

“Wait, wait.”

When I called urgently, they stopped.

“I’m sorry, but where are you? What happened? Did you guys save me by any chance?”

"no. It was my brother and sister who saved me. I need to go talk to the chief, can I go?”

The tone of his question was questionable, but I thought that Jo Ra-han was just a mild-mannered character.

"okay. You even saved my life, I'm so shameless, but could I get you some food?"

When the thirst was over, he was on the verge of starvation.

“Eat… …

After thinking for a moment, she said.

"ah! There is food that Armand is eating. Can I bring you that?”

“Yeah, thank you. I don’t have money right now, but when I get better, I’ll do something to pay it back.”

Not long after they went outside, a plate of red meat came in.

“Now, eat.” Contrary to what he had imagined, the food was raw meat with only the blood washed down with water.

“Well, there are differences in culture from region to region, but it is unique. It would taste better if you grilled it over a fire.”

“Hey!”

they flinched

“The fire tribe does not use fire. Fire destroys everything. nature too... … us too.”

“A fire family?”

It was the first name I heard.

In any case, he felt no hostility, so Yorahhan bowed his head to them.

"thanks. I will eat well.”

"I… … Then can we go report to the chief now? I told you to tell me.”

"huh?"

Johann blinked his eyes.

“Didn’t you come and go?”

“Your brother asked for food. So, of course, he couldn’t come and go.”

I finally felt strange.

'Something feels subtly different. Is it a culture where caring for others is a top priority?'

if so… … .

'God brought me here. This is an opportunity to verify my thoughts.'

Yorahhan said while chewing raw meat.

“Okay, go out and see.”

After confirming that the tent was closed, he swallowed the raw meat and put on his shoes.

“They say the market is a side dish.”

As I quietly slipped out of the cabin, the fire tribesmen were basking in the sunlight and smiling.

'Hmm, it's not a hostile feeling.' The atmosphere completely different from the village he had experienced so far melted the tension.

While looking around the village, feeling the gaze of the fire tribe, he heard a ferocious woman's voice.

“Why are you bringing in humans!” Hearing the high pitched voices common in human society here was extremely alien.

'human. would you say me then… …

Aren't fire people human?

He walked to the cabin where he heard the sound and looked inside through the windowless window.

'wow.'

All of them were beautiful, but the woman sitting in the chair was more elegant than that.

'It smells good. Is it a lotus flower?'

Chief Lutia said.

“Armand, don’t get excited. The fire tribe must help humans. that's the ancestor

It's a will.”

Jorahhan saw a woman named Armand.

'scary.'

The ferocious eyes and the rough hair that came down to his waist clearly distinguished him from the rest of the Hwajok.

" human?"

Armand thumped his foot down.

“You know how much those people persecuted us. Isn’t that why we have to live hidden deep in the mountains where no one can reach?”

“I am aware of the human danger. But you can't turn a blind eye to it. If we understand and embrace them, they will save us someday.”

“I die before then. We will all die.”

“Armand.”

“When that human wakes up, what are you going to do then? Aren't you afraid to ask of us? Are you going to run away again? Should I abandon the village I’ve been cultivating for hundreds of years and run away?”

The extreme passivity of the Hwajok is as intense as the human yearning for freedom.

“One will be fine. And we don’t have you, Armand.”

carnivorous plant extremely rare in nature

To eat meat, you must hunt, which meant that you had an active will.

“… … It's frustrating. Lutia-sama doesn't know. There are strong people even among humans.”

Armand, who fought to protect the Fire Tribe for a long time, never looked down on humans.

“Only ordinary guys can stop it with the small world creation. But if that man is about... …

Armand, who was pointing outside the village, finally found Yorahhan standing outside the window.

"you!"

Shocked, Yorahhan hid under the window, but Armand immediately jumped out.

“Sin, sorry! sorry!"

Armand grabbed Yorahhan by the collar and dragged him into the cabin.

“Aww!”

“Eavesdropping like a thief! I will kill you!”

Armand grabbed the long sword, the only metal kept in the chief's shelf.

It could not be used for anything other than hunting and combat, but it was not in a position to cover the front and back.

'I've heard all about the Hwajok. If this man even takes advantage of our traits... …

It will have dire consequences.

Jorahhan held out her hand as the long sword shone bright above her head.

"for a moment! There is nothing to kill!”

"shut up."

Just as he was about to swing the sword, he felt his nerves stiffen from the feet on the ground.

“Armand.”

said Ruthia.

“To handle metal without my permission. Aren't humans the only ones who are dangerous to the Fire Tribe?"

The reason why the lotus lineage is the chief is because the power of Sosae Gyechangyu is the strongest.

It was a perfect compromise and persuasion without active or passive because they are connected to each other.

Armand sullenly lowered his sword.

"sorry."

If the reason humans are dangerous lies in the possibility of dying, Armand was not much different.

“Stop going out.”

As Armand left the cabin with the sword on the shelf, Lutia approached.

"I'm glad you're okay. Have a seat first.”

"Oh, thank you."

Jorahhan, who had already crossed the threshold of death several times, sat down in a chair in a state of fascination.

“As the chieftain, I want to ask you something. How did you get here? There are few animals here, and a lot of poisonous plants grow here, so people don't come here.”

It was such a well-groomed village.

“Ah, I am a seeker. He is a person who travels the world and conveys his thoughts. However, it is never unemployed! I know only a few studies... …

Lutia tilted her head.

“I don’t quite understand. Don’t all human beings convey their thoughts?”

“Well, that is a special idea. The direction of human beings, how we should live, is the same.”

“Hoo.”

Ruthia showed interest.

“It is a very unique job. Can you tell me what you think too?”

It was the first time this had happened, so Yorahhan was taken aback.

“Uh, so first of all, the basic is love. Of course, matter can affect people's minds.

change but... …

Even during the long talk, Lutia was listening without even moving.

“… … Well, that's it, haha! Actually, I don’t talk like this, but I’m out of my mind.”

Yorahhan's expression, which had been trembling in a joke, became blank.

“Me, over there?”

Lutia's shoulders trembled as she sat down, and tears flowed down her face.

"okay."

She smiled like a flower in full bloom.

“It must be a very beautiful world.”