The right choice (1)

The generals of the Allied Forces were the ones who reached the pinnacle of one field, but that alone could not lead to victory.

The reason demons are strong is that they have different body organs, constitutions, and mental abilities than humans.

Either reflect physical force, manipulate attributes, or destroy minds like Igor, Lord of Terror.

The reason for the death of Fidero, the former commander of the 1st Corps, must have been due to extreme bias.

In the end, it was the battle of the flower field where anyone could die.

"Advance! Advance!"

Contrary to what they shouted with their mouths, the allied forces were constantly being pushed back.

And finally.

“Kuk!”

The backs of soldiers fighting in the front collided with the shields of those in the rear.

Since their lives were at stake, their hearts sank as if cold water had been poured on them as they looked back with angry eyes.

"Suddenly… …

It was the end of the flower field.

When I finally widened my field of view, there was nothing standing out among the 300 fresh flowers.

'I was pushed this distance?'

The flower field planted with 300 giant structures was vast, and the straight-line distance alone reached 23 kilometers.

Rufist gritted his teeth.

'damn… …

Opening the path of a demon is a completely different thing from breaking the head of a running horse.

Allied forces are always surrounded by demons and must generate rotational force within them.

Compared to the difference in power, the difficulty of rotating the entire lake by moving the waterway under the surface of the water.

'Nevertheless... …

The allied forces turned a whopping 14 degrees compared to when the army of hell first entered.

'As expected in the temple, if this much inertia is applied, it is normal to change the direction on its own.'

The reason this strategy is possible is because the behavior of demons is different from that of human armies.

'Man uses war as a means to achieve an end... …

As for the demons, the war itself is the goal.

It was just rushing to a place where it could harass humans.

'Thus, the fact that inertia doesn't work means that human-like will is working.'

Also, the reason why the corps commander was not included in the army of hell was probably irrelevant.

Rufist opened the map in his head.

'If they go straight like this... … still lacking

No matter how big the army was, it would get past Baska.

'I have no choice but to try something here.'

Lufist shouted.

"everyone!"

But the moment he saw the faces of the soldiers, Rufist couldn't utter the word charge.

There was despair in everyone's eyes.

“The flower fields are occupied.”

The power of fresh flowers is unquestionable, and the soldiers must have relied on them psychologically.

"it's over. I can't win anymore." Seeing the soldiers who had lost their will to fight, Rufist couldn't bear to push forward.

It's not because your heart is weak.

'He fought really well. Couldn't have done better than this.'

If you understand it with your head, even the ruthless Lupist can't help it.

“Everyone retreat.”

The soldiers were surprised by the unexpected instructions.

“President of the association.”

“Retreat. I'll take over here. Go back to Baska and plan your future. You guys will be needed.”

Silence passed.

“I’m sorry, President.”

And as if it had been promised, everyone turned their eyes on and pointed their weapons forward.

Rufist turned his head while the demons surrounded in all directions giggled.

"what are you doing?"

“Well, I really want to live, but.”

The centurion let out his madness and said.

“I don’t have the slightest desire to run away. My heart is not moving.”

Because we fought together, there was no need for long words.

“It can't be like this. Yes?"

That word was enough, and Rufist glared at the enemy most fearfully in the world.

“… … yes."

The allied forces concentrated their last remaining will in one place and took a posture to rush.

"everyone!"

now i could say

“Rush!”

As if pulled by spirits, the Allies moved forward, forgetting how to run.

“Hahaha! It is the last banquet!” The time when demons flocking in from all directions sting their saliva, imagining the humans they will taste in the future.

"huh?"

No matter who said it first, their eyes turned to the empty space behind the allied forces.

“What, what?”

The embodiment of Thousand Arms Guanshi Yin soaring endlessly into the sky looked down on them benignly.

“Bannyaparamil.”

I thought that the hands of the incarnation who were joining their palms opened in two.

“Paradise.”

In an instant, it spread like a fan, causing countless afterimages that filled the entire sky.

The two palms coming in from the ends of the world collided at the place where the demons were.

TZ TZ IZ TT TZ = | Countless afterimages rushed to one point, and all the shocks exploded at once.

“Kuaaa!”

Rufist trembled at the sight of the walls of demons that could not be penetrated even with a spear being torn without knowing the limit.

'Cognitive dissonance.'

The whole process was vivid in my head, but looking back, it was surprising that it was just a moment.

The road opened from the rear of the allies, and finally the formation split on both sides.

“What are you so surprised about? Have you ever seen a pretty girl?”

Rufist realized.

'Yes, we still had that.'

Humanity's strongest defender and the extreme line of the times, which is ambiguous even to be called human.

“Adrias Miro.”

Enjoying the eyes of the allies, Miro approached Rufist and said with a shrug.

“Call me if you are interested. I am currently single.”

While Lufist just watched, Dante came up and pointed.

“It is too late. Other officers of Zion are already operating elsewhere.”

“This bastard!”

As soon as he finished speaking, Miro put a fist on Dante's cheek and turned it away.

“Aww!”

It wasn't painful, but I was dazed by the fact that there was no case that would destroy common sense.

“Where do you compare yourself to such lesser bastards? Don't you know Adrias Miro? I am a busy woman.”

Dante's eyes lit up.

“It was the mission you ordered. And they risked their lives on a difficult mission.”

“A difficult mission? No, I'd say it's an impossible mission.”

“… … What do you mean?”

“Whoops. Little boy, you act so smart, but listen carefully. This sister will tell you.”

Miro rubbed Dante's head and smiled.

“No matter what you think, the world is much deeper and more complex than that. Everything I do has a deep meaning.” Rufist intervened.

“I would love to hear about that. What is the deeper meaning you know?”

“That means there is no Satan here.” Dante asked.

“Because the elite of Zion left?”

"no. She probably wouldn't have come anyway. The operation of the world deviate from human logic. Therefore, it should not be calculated by thinking. You have to know the essence.”

Rufist asked.

“What is the nature of Satan?”

“The most cowardly man in the universe. There is no reason to get involved in such a large-scale war in the first place. Always take care of the sweetness of victory from behind. be sure to remember Satan always gets what he wants. If you don't act with that in your head, you'll be swept away by the laws of this world.”

“Is that why you sent your comrades to death? They could all be dead.”

Miro was calm.

“Don’t focus on people, look at the whole. I didn't send anyone. If you want to catch Satan, you have to go in with delicate handling from the law. Zion’s elite went to do that.”

Dante agreed.

Satan could not be confined except through the labyrinth of sight contemplating the world from the highest point.

Dante's eyes did not change, and Miro was satisfied.

“Of course, you are the ones who change the world. Could I have arrived if I hadn't fought so fiercely? In that sense, death is also life? Everyone’s lives come together to create this situation.”

that is the law

“… … So what should we do now?”

“What should I do?”

Miro said, taking the lead.

“We have to open up a new future.”

Aaaaaaa!

On the other side of the demon army, Kaidra, carrying Zulu, Gangnan, and Arius, flew.

Sirone chose the golden dragon, Methira.

'Since he's quiet, the explanation will be short.'

His gray hair was parted from side to side, and he was wearing a coat that was angled like a blade.

He was quite a handsome man, but his eyes were made of steel, which gave him a grotesque feeling.

"what?"

After hearing the explanation, Sirone asked.

“Iruki drops elemental bombs? To the capital of Tormia?”

"yes. A human army is currently operating, with a half chance of success. But if we participate, we can completely turn the situation around.” Sirone blinked his eyes.

'therefore… … In exchange for all the population of Basuka, it means that the army of the demons will be wiped out.'

Bingryong Frieji said.

“It's a good strategy.”

It was a woman with bobbed silver hair and bangs cut horizontally with a hazy expression.

As a dragon who is famous for not showing emotions under any circumstances, the evaluation was straightforward.

“It is the best a human being can do. If successful, there is hope for humanity as well.”

Sirone nodded.

“Yeah, right.”

Iruki, whom Sirone knows, is a person who can detonate an elemental bomb to annihilate the demons.

"That's why I'm not like Iruki."

And as Shirone's best friend, Iruki was the one who would never let such a situation go.

'Even if you give up your own life... …

He had the personality to find the answer somehow, and he was a friend who had the ability to do so.

'… … It must have been difficult, Iruki.' Poine asked.

"Where can I take you? A Baska where an elemental bomb explodes, a holy war with Iruki's total army, or anywhere in the world is fine. Because everyone needs the Messiah.”

The 12 apostles only fought according to Sirone's will.

“There must have been a reason for that.”

Sirone said with a sad expression.

“There must have been the biggest reason in the world that couldn’t be solved just by dying.”

A whimper was heard somewhere.

“That’s right, Messiah. Don't be too sad.”

A girl with black hair in two pigtails.

Tears welled up in her large eyes in her grass and straw dress.

The Super Dragon, Eitra.

Looking at her legs as thin as chopsticks coming down from her dress, she was a girl, but... … .

'He's an apostle I need.' Her recovery ability, which handles life-related information, has contributed greatly to all of Dragon's battles.

"Ok, thanks."

This was the first time he was praised among the apostles, but no one was offended this time.

Blitz asked.

“Messiah. If you do, where should I take you?”

After carefully checking the world situation from Metira, Sirone slowly opened her mouth.

"we are… …

'It's going wrong.'

Even in the middle of enemy lines, Rufist could read the huge inertia.

Weak, but little by little, there was a distortion in the movement of the demons.

'Four degrees. Four degrees more.'

A force that acts below the surface of the water.

'Now three degrees.'

Maze's shockwave, Lian's shockwave, Amy's shockwave, and everyone else's shockwave combined... … .

'Two degrees!'

Cuckoo Cuckoo Cuckoo!

'One degree!'

Finally, the huge lake called the Demons started to rotate entirely.

"done!"

At the same time as Rufist shouted, the demons broke through the allied forces.

The direction is southwest.

'If we go on like this... …

Tormia's capital will be hit directly, and elemental bombs will explode in the sky above Basuka.

'Is it a disaster or a miracle?'

No one dared to pass judgment.