[377] Volume 16 - One more step (2)

Sirone lowered her gaze to the evaluation paper. The master difficulty of numerous items was going down one after another.

'It must have been an amateur.'

I thought I had reached the level of a pro in some areas while experiencing real battles. He's also definitely had an effect.

But that wasn't the case.

Whether the Photon Cannon is faster and more powerful than other classes, who beats whom, or who cannot imitate Ataraxia.

The association was conveying it through the evaluation paper.

If you can't do even this much, you're just an amateur who luckily got a special battery.

-You're out of balance a lot.

He seemed to hear Fleur's voice.

A senior graduate of the Royal Magic School and a certified 8th grade Joner.

Among the many 8th class wizards in the world, Flew was a wizard in a special position.

She is a person with a lot of inner feelings, but when it comes to magic, she does not spare bitter criticism with a cold standard.

I think I know now how she looked at me when we first met.

Unless she conquered all 20 items on the evaluation sheet, she was an amateur after all in her eyes.

'Senior, strangely, I miss you today.'

A smile came to his lips as he imagined Flew sweeping away his goosebumps and freaking out.

“Have you made your decision? Whatever you choose, follow your judgment.”

If you change your major, the difficulty is understandable.

Since you've learned all the basic cells, you may be able to score more easily depending on how much effort you put in.

However, Sirone, who had already experienced the post-graduation world at the Magic Association, realized that there would be no point in doing so.

“I will do this. Particles of God. Please register as your major.”

Collie didn't forget to ask again.

“Are you really okay? Once an evaluation is entered, it is impossible to reverse.”

"yes I'm okay. Even if I don’t get a high score, I won’t regret it.”

No regrets.

Because this is my magic, my life.

"i get it. Then don't register like that. Good luck."

"yes. I will do my best."

Sirone bowed politely and left Collie's room.

Iruki and Nade were waiting in the hallway.

Iruki, who was ranked 22nd in the graduating class, had just finished the interview, and Nade was 30th, so he still had to wait.

Nade asked with an anxious expression.

“How about it, do you think it’s worth doing?”

A bitter laugh replaced a hundred words.

Iruki, who was in good spirits, said while wielding his evaluation sheet, which was crumpled and unfolded several times.

“The master difficulty of the explosive power item is 50 kilobusters in 20 seconds. In short, it means blowing up a fruit shop every 20 seconds.”

Nade didn't feel like it was someone else's business.

Since Sirone is an unlocker, it was her specialty, electric magic, that was as difficult as detonation magic.

“Guys, aren’t you crazy? Do you think that would be possible at the student level?”

It was the same with Sirone.

“Maybe it is. However, if anyone passes, there is no discrimination, so there is nothing to blame.”

“There is definitely a big difference between level 9 and the master difficulty. If it's 9 points, you might be able to guess it. By the way, Sirone, you're surprisingly calm, aren't you? Do you have confidence?”

Sirone shook her head.

"no. never have confidence But, it's what you have to do.”

Iruki and Nade silently agreed.

It was something that had to be done according to Sirone's words.

Does it make sense that Myeong-saek was aiming to become the best mage but couldn't even master his major?

'Of course I won't.'

It was Nade who only thought inwardly.

Entering the competition system (1)

It was bright in the morning to start the official senior year schedule.

The first assessment of Week 1 is a face-to-face battle, in which 30 students are divided into 15 groups to compete against each other.

The place was training ground 2 on the mountain behind the senior class building, where a huge 120 square meter 2,000 battle field was prepared.

The senior class gathered at the training ground by class and waited for the anti-personnel combat evaluation instructor.

Sirone stood between Nade and Iruki.

There were occasional conversations between the same class, but overall it was still an awkward atmosphere.

The evaluation teacher came up on time.

He was a teacher in his mid-fifties with gray hair and sharp eyes.

He was also famous for not saying anything except about evaluation.

“The interpersonal combat evaluation begins today. You've already done Class Two, but I'll briefly point out for Class Three. According to the Kingdom Education Act, the synchro rate for two thousand times is set at 80%. Of course, in the graduation exam, without question, it is 100 percent.”

Even if it was 80 percent, I couldn't be relieved.

Considering the superhuman ability of magic, even if it had 80% power, it was not a level that could withstand a hit.

Sirone also faced Dante with a synchro rate of 50%, but the battle was so fierce that it almost didn't feel like a simulation.

“We cannot carry any weapons. Only embodied weapons are permitted.”

The students in Class Three tilted their heads, and as expected Boyle, a model student, raised his hand.

"I have a question. What is the criterion for embodying?”

“The clear criterion is whether or not it is deprived. Non-deprivable weapons are regarded as embodies. In addition, even if deprivation is possible, if there is room for damage to bodily functions, the association recognizes it as embodying.”

According to the teacher, Sirone cannot use Armand.

On the other hand, Kanis is free to fight alongside Harvest. Because deprivation is impossible.

Another person that came to Sirone's mind was Richard of Fermi's gang.

Befitting the nickname Richard of Alchemy, he transformed 35% of his body with alchemy technology. Of course, it is possible to attach and detach the device, but it is classified as embodied because the body cannot function normally when it is detached.

If he cut off his right arm and connect it to Armand, he could use Diamond Arms in the graduation exam, but Sirone never thought of that.

Some of the class three looked displeased.

It felt like a loss for someone else to alter his body, even though he knew he couldn't commit such madness himself.

Said Boyle, turning to Canis beside her.

“It’s good, it passed.”

It was natural for Boyle to miss it. To him, who had to use slots for summoning magic, Canis, who handled magic creatures regardless of slots, was an object of envy.

'Don't worry. People like you are enough without Harvest.'

Canis didn't even respond.

Because of the Arcane Incident, there is no student who is unaware of the existence of Harvest.

However, only Sirone and Amy knew the true nature of the magical creatures.

The more you save the secret of repentance, the better.

Unless it is a critical situation, Harvest will not have a chance to play an active role.

Of course, Canis also had no intention of completely entrusting his future to the magical creatures.

'I'll win this time, Sirone. It's a mistake to think that Harvest is the end.'

After the questions were completed, the teacher proceeded with the evaluation.

“Then, from now on, we will conduct an interpersonal battle in turn. Battle time is 10 minutes. Wait your turn while wearing the 2,000 bracelet.”

Except for the evaluation team and waiting group, I was able to freely move around the training ground.

It was a different atmosphere from the advanced classes that emphasized discipline and principles.

Sirone found a seat with a good view of the training ground with his friends and sat down. Then he opened his schedule and said.

“My opponent today is Dorothy. Iruki, what about you?”

"huh? Oh, it's a guy called Binder.”

Sirone turned her head to the opposite side of the training ground for 2,000 and looked at the binder in the sequence ceremony.

A member of Class 2, I saw him at the senior event, but he wasn't a particularly memorable student.

He had light brown hair, glasses, and sparse beard under his nose and chin.

As he failed to stand out in last year's graduation exam, his opponent, Iruki, also had no doubts about his victory.

“Well, should this be called a three-point reservation?”

“Still, don’t be alarmed. We haven't even played a game yet. It can be different once you enter.”

“I said that with that in mind. In my calculations, it is an opponent that can never come out as a variable.”

Shirone was worried about Iruki's confident appearance.

As Flew said, it is foolish to imagine the outcome in advance, and battles are not won or lost by numbers alone.

'Well, I can't even imagine Iruki getting impatient.'

Anyway, for them, today's main match was neither Shirone nor Iruki.

“By the way, Nade, are you okay?”

When Sirone asked, Nade shrugged.

“Well, let’s try it first.”

His opponent today was none other than Fermi.

A mysterious student who failed in the graduation exam but always won first place in the final evaluation.

When I first heard about Fermi, I could only do a vague analysis, but now that I know what the ranking means in the senior class, I can't help but worry as well as Sirone.

Other students were watching Fermi's attitude, as if he had the same thought.

Then, feeling her gaze, Fermi turned her head this way. And he smiled and shook his hand at his today's opponent, Nade.

“Hey bastard, are you provoking me?”

“No, I think we just said hello?”

Nade looked back at Sirone with a face that looked like he was going to eat it.

“That's a provocation! Since when did that kid pretend to know that he knew me? Keep an eye on it. Today, I'm going to expose that person's skills in detail.”

While looking at the training ground where the evaluations were being held, Sirone realized that her turn was coming and got up from her seat.

“Anyway, okay. I must prepare.”

As I entered the two-thousandth training ground, Dorothy approached me, dragging a tin doll.

Every time I took a step, I heard a loud clicking sound from the tin doll dragging the floor.

Dorothy came right in front of Sirone. His face was small and his glasses were large, as if he had been wearing the decorations of a masque.

The expressionless face and disheveled eyes were also a major shield that made it impossible to read emotions.

'What do we do? Should I say hello?'

The waiting process for the interpersonal battle was the same as in the advanced class 2,000 battles.

If you check the 2,000 bracelets in the center of the training ground and return to your seats, a 10-minute timer turns on and 2,000 is activated.

There is no particular need to say hello, so turning around coldly is a kind of psychological warfare.

However, it wouldn't be nice to erase humanity in the first week evaluation, when the identification of peers was still not done properly.

Above all, it didn't match Sirone's personality.

"nice to meet you. It’s an important evaluation for each other, so let’s fight hard.”

“Would you like to draw?”

At Dorothy's sudden suggestion, Sirone immediately asked back.

"huh? what?"

“Let’s make it a draw. Then I'll do anything you want.”

Her face flushed before she could even analyze the meaning of her words. It may not sound like a big deal, but it's a different story when it comes to women.

“What does that mean?”

“It is literally. that you do whatever you want Anyway, you also think that revealing your skills from the beginning is a disadvantageous strategy. So let's share one point with each other.”

Although she had no intention of participating in the collusion, it was important to decide whether or not the proposal was good or bad, so Sirone was lost in thought.

Her suggestion could certainly be put to good use. You will be able to create variables when it matters.

'If she really agrees to my terms.'

In case of a draw, each player gets 1 point. It was not known whether the value of the two points to be discarded when assuming victory was included in the proposal.

I want to win the first match as much as possible.

If you start well, you can face future evaluations with confidence, and realistically, you have an advantage in the ranking competition.

“No, I will decline. I want to fight fair and square. So do your best too.”

Dorothy still showed no emotion. Then he nodded his head in agreement and turned around.

“Then I can’t. let's work hard."

Sirone stared blankly at Dorothy's back as she returned to her seat while dragging the tin doll.

If it was psychological warfare, it would have been devastating.

It was really quite disturbing.

'Calm down. It just didn't happen. You just have to fight like you did before.'

When Sirone arrived at the waiting area, the light on the 2,000 electric signboard changed to green, yellow, and red in order, announcing the operation.

Sirone waited with her knees slightly bent so that she could switch between offense and defense quickly.

I heard a beep and a mechanical sound, and the light on the bracelet came on 2,000 times.

Dorothy was motionless, still holding the tin doll in her arms.

Sirone leaned forward as she mounted the teleportation battery and raised her omnipotence.

'Go to the attack!'

At the same time, Dorothy twisted and said,

“I lost.”

The center of Sirone who hastily canceled the magic poured forward.

By the time I looked ahead, barely holding on to the fall, Dorothy was already going down the training ground.

---------------------------------------