[244] 6. Magic Clash (4)

The downside of detonation magic is that the battery is not intuitive, so the casting time varies greatly depending on the explosive power.

One kilobuster is the power that can blow up a wagon, and it took an average of 21 seconds for a certified 10th class wizard to cast a one kilobuster.

However, the Servant Iruki was able to end the battery in 3 seconds. And now, the power he raised over 10 seconds reached a whopping 10 kilobuster.

Closer had a hunch that this explosion would not be trivial given that Iruki's magic kept silence. If you tried to defend the whole, you were more likely to be mortally wounded.

The closer, who predicted the hit point, concentrated the earth skin on the left side. As if time was speeding up, the soil piled up to form a solid earthen wall.

At the same time, Iruki's atomic spring exploded.

Because there was no jungle judgment, Closer did not move, but Earth Skin flew without a trace.

“Pooh!”

Closer let out a heavy breath. His shock was offset, but his power to blow away his earth skin was enough to give goosebumps.

At this point, Iruki also became serious. He did not know that he would completely block the explosion of the 10 kilobuster. He was a much tougher wizard than expected.

'Should I be forced to do it?'

Iruki divided his mind into two and operated another Spirit Zone. The moment the two spirit zones penetrate synesthesia, Closer's eyes widened.

It felt like fighting two wizards.

'shit. Isn't this cheating?'

From now on, I couldn't even enjoy closers. If the 10 kilobuster Atomic Bombs that had been blocked earlier came flying from both sides, defense would be impossible.

“I’ll finish it before then!”

When he cast the heavy stone, the soil clumped together in the air at great speed, and a boulder weighing nearly one ton fell on top of Iruki's head.

It was a gravitational weapon that could simply mate soil (an alchemy term for creating a new substance), but could crush it with only potential energy when executed from a high place.

thud! thud! thud! thud! thud!

Rocks crashed wherever Iruki moved.

It takes time to convert, and if you calculate the arrival time, the effect won't be great in a person-to-person battle, but if you're in a situation where you can't move, it's terrible to imagine.

'Right. Is that what you're aiming for?'

Iruki saw through Closer's intentions. The fact that it took time to reach the ground meant that time-lag attacks were possible in conjunction with other magic.

As expected, Closer casts a heavy stone in a wide range.

While several rocks were being created in the air, the heavy stone's batteries were removed with skill and new batteries were installed.

When the slug magic was cast, the surrounding stones floated and shot like bullets.

“How about this!”

Falling rocks from the sky, and stones from the front, spread like bullets and flew in.

“Sheesh! I didn't want to write this."

Iruki changed one of the spirit zones to a defense type and cast defense magic.

Hundreds of tiny, 10-gram buster bombs were spread in the shape of spheres along the surface of the Spirit Zone. Then the rushing stones collided with the bomb and set off a small spark. 

The students stared blankly at the sight of countless serial explosions taking place at the boundary of the studio.

It was the Bomblet Barrier, the symbol of detonation wizards.

The key was how many small bombs could be implemented in the Spirit Zone with the technique of floating hundreds of small bombs around and intercepting approaching objects before they reached the wizard.

Based on that standard, Iruki was able to implement a total of 387 small bombs in the same time period.

Looking at the number alone, it is a skill that is comparable to that of a pro, but even with the spring bullet barrier, Iruki was put on the defensive.

It was also a problem that the breakaway type was too good. Most of Iruki's advanced techniques occur in the breakaway type. However, the Bomblet Barrier has the greatest effect when used as a defensive spirit zone.

In short, an attack-oriented swordsman who handles twin swords gave up one sword and took up a shield.

Of course, since he was Iruki in the Double Spirit Zone, he could hold even one sword, but he couldn't break through the earth magic defense unless he used two breakaway types at the same time.

“Quack! Don’t let this end!”

Closer covered his face with his arms and plunged head-on into the bomblet barrier. It was an action that he could do because he believed in Earth Skin's defense power.

As soon as it penetrated the curtain of small bombs, Iruki exploded the atomic spring in a fast rhythm.

As the explosion of the 10 Gram Buster frantically pounded the guard, the closer also crumpled his face this time. But instead of stopping the rush, he went deeper. And at the moment the earth skin was shattered, he raised his fist and struck Iruki in the face.

Iruki's eyes spun around and then fell out.

Silence fell in the hall. In 2,000 man-to-person battles, no one expected that a magician would strike with his fist.

“Can I do that? You hit me with your fist.”

“I don’t know. It's a confrontation, so it doesn't matter, right? There's no rule saying you can't use your body."

The eyes of the students naturally focused on the referee. Etel was also making a puzzled expression.

When I looked at the condition with the master bracelet, the previous blow had a great effect.

Until now, Iruki's gauge had been decreasing by 1% per minute. The fact that the rate of decline was constant like an hourglass meant that she was good at managing it.

However, the moment I got hit by Closer's fist, it was cut in half. It was a weakness of wizards who were weak against physical attacks.

Having made her decision, Ethella stepped back in recognition.

Due to the nature of earth magic, it was safe to say that it was a tactic because it could be effective even with physical collision.

“Hey, did I tell you? Even though he gave me a hint, he couldn't take it, so the word genius is false.”

Closer kicked Iruki's waist as he tried to stand up. Iruki's body rolled and fell to the floor. 

It was an attack that even knocked down the giant Mark in one blow, so the Double Spirit Zone was already impossible.

Nevertheless, Closer approached with Earth skin all over his body just in case.

“Shall we go into the renovation soon? First, prepare your body.”

Closer raised his foot and stepped on his tiny body. Iruki covered his face and crouched motionless.

“Hey, are you sick? it hurts? You don't show your face until the end? You're ugly from the start, so what's wrong?"

“That child… … ! kill it.”

Nade clenched his fists and shook them. Even so, it was for the sake of Iruki's last pride that he did not rush.

“Sirone, you stand back. I will take responsibility.”

“If we are going to fight, we must fight together. But I don't think we need to go out. Because Iruki hasn’t given up yet.”

Nade looked closely at Iruki. Iruki's smiling face could be seen between her arms that were covered by her. Now that even the Bomblet Barrier has been destroyed, there is nothing I can try. What the hell are you thinking that makes you laugh even when you get beaten up?

“It is surprisingly tough. Hey, look around.”

Iruki, who was pushed back by Closer's kick, turned on his back. Contrary to the expectation that he would be frightened, he had a light-hearted face.

“This kid makes me feel dirty until the end. This time, I'll really put her down on the bridge of her nose.”

Displeased, Closer raised his leg and aimed at Iruki's face. One blow would break the bridge of his nose.

“Kick Kick! Kick kick kick!”

Iruki, who laughed as strangely as his grotesque voice, bent his waist like a bow and propped his head against the ground and looked at Sirone.

“Sirone, I’m sorry. I was saving it for you.”

The students are speechless. Iruki's bizarre behavior was about to start again.

“This bastard!”

The moment Closer, thinking that he had been ignored, thrust his foot down like a thunderbolt, Iruki's mouth was torn.

“I’ll show you something interesting, Sirone.”

bang! The shoes hit the ground. 

Iruki, who evaded by rolling on the floor, went into Closer's arms. And with his slender wrists he swung his fists.

The closer was ridiculous. Since Earth Skin and even Earth Rise were on, only his fists would be damaged.

“Aww!”

Contrary to expectations, a heavy shock was transmitted to the abdomen, and a light moan escaped from Closer's mouth.

Closer's eyes widened in shock. His power was so-so, but he had lost all of the defensive magic that surrounded him.

“Uh, how… … ?”

Iruki took off in a martial arts posture imitating a crane. Then he stabbed Closer's eyes with two of his fingers & nbsp;

“Aww!”

“Ouch! my eyes!”

Closer, who lost sight momentarily, hurriedly cast Earthrise. But it was the same this time. I thought the magic was activated, but it was canceled as if time was flowing backwards.

Tok. Again.

The archivist, who was watching the battle, dropped his pen without taking his eyes off Iruki.

“… … Cancellation?”

Cancel magic cancellation. 

It was a magic that canceled the wizard's omnipotence with the highest level of difficulty apart from its power.

In magic books, cancellation is often compared to a glass. 

The question is whether the shattered shards can be restored on their own when a glass is dropped on the floor.

The answer is 'yes'.

Nonetheless, no one has ever seen such a phenomenon because the probability is extremely low.

As time occurs in the beginning, the world is moving from a stable state to an unstable one.

That's why if you drop a glass, it will break with a variable close to infinite. 

However, in just one of those infinite cases, if the direction and speed of the force acting at the moment the glass is broken is completely reversed, the glass can be restored by itself.

In fact, since cracking is only a state in which bonds between molecules are broken, if the force is reversed in the atomic unit, it is possible to restore it to a perfect state without a single incontinence.

Wizards call it 'returned glass'. 

Iruki infiltrated the spirit zone of the breakaway type into the spirit zone of the closer and analyzed the changing action in the mind.

Then, the pattern generated by a specific magic was reversed into an equation, and the returned glass was successful.

It is a job that requires computational abilities that ordinary humans cannot even imitate. This was the reason why 72% of magicians who could use cancellation had Servant Syndrome abilities.

“Aaaaaa! it's annoying!"

Closer writhed with both arms in annoyance. When he gave up defense and cast Heavy Stone, about 10 rocks were created in the air.

Iruki started canceling one by one while poking with his fingers. Then, the process of consolidating the soil was reversed as if time had turned backwards and disappeared.

“Oh no! Acho! Aww!”

Iruki stubbornly developed his martial arts. To onlookers, it might look like he was mocking Closer, but in reality he was serious.

When he hit Closer on the bridge of his nose, two lines of blood broke out.

There was no way to respond to a situation where magic was forcibly cancelled. It was like a battle between a wizard and an ordinary person.

How terrifying magic cancellation is was clearly revealed in the teachers' facial expressions. Even if you are a student, if you have mastered the cancellation magic, the story will be different.

“I knew he was excellent, but when did he get that kind of ability… … .”

“The influence of the environment will also be great. Apparently, Iruki's father... … .”

The head of the dragon mine, a Mercody albino.

Although he seems to have a low-key personality, it is known that not many people in the kingdom know what he is thinking.

Servants have the potential to become the best in anti-magic and cancellation, so it was clear that any albino in the world would have been trained since childhood.

“Not all Servants are as fast-paced as Iruki. If you manage it well, you will reach an unrivaled realm in the future.”

As if clothes were getting wet from drizzling rain, Iruki's small fists were hit countless times, and his bones throbbed.

Closer's face was a mess. His eyes were swollen and blood was leaking from his nose. His lips were cracked and hurt every time he moved.

---------------------------------------