[127] Island. Galliant(4)

Sirone's party rented a wagon outside the port and went to the western resort. The wide white sandy beach was beautiful even from a distance. Numerous shops were lined up, and accommodations were built like mountain village houses along the mountain.

The place Lian rented was a villa located halfway up the mountain. As befits an aristocrat-only building, the site was large enough for four people to stay, and the view of the sea at a glance was satisfactory.

Sirone watched the sea from the terrace. The blue sea was foaming up and rushing into the white sandy beach.

As I watched the people leisurely bathing in the sea, I was able to forget the unpleasant dispute at the port for a moment.

Sirone and the others packed their belongings and lit a fire in the fireplace. After that, we gathered in the living room and relaxed for a while.

I was hungry because I hadn't eaten anything except snacks from the morning until the afternoon.

Tess, who was thinking about what kind of food to eat to spread rumors that she ate well, bumped her palms as if she had come up with a good idea.

“Aha, should we rather eat?”

Ryan turned to her with a startled expression.

“What? Do you know how to cook too?”

“Huh, of course not. Did you think that prosecutors can’t even cook?”

“What else do I say? Military-style combat rations are acceptable.”

“What do you see a real person as? Do you know how to cook properly?”

Lian made a surprised expression. She hadn't thought that the bum-like girl would say that she was confident in her cooking.

But this was exactly what Tess wanted. If I could imprint a different side of myself on Lian, this trip was a great success.

“I’ll cook the most delicious dish for you, so you just need to buy the ingredients. how is it?"

“Hmm, is that so? Actually, it's a bit like going out to eat from the first day, isn't it? Sirone, how are you?”

“I’m fine too. The food you eat outside is delicious.”

Amy opened her mouth cautiously.

"then… … Shall I, cook?”

All eyes were focused on Amy. Of course, she didn't seem like she couldn't cook because she was different from Tess.

However, he hadn't expected that the miser-like personality would make food for men by herself.

Tess sensed Amy's heart with her sense of smell.

'Sirone, to be precise? Huhu, you have a very cute personality unlike what you see?'

Tess was strongly in favor. If the two could reconcile on this occasion, there would be nothing better.

"good. Let's have a cooking showdown! Ryan vs Sirone! The two of them will get the ingredients and we'll prepare to cook. how is it?"

Everyone agreed, and Sirone and Lian headed to the market with the list of ingredients the women had written down.

As the men disappeared, the atmosphere became much softer.

Tess, who was standing side by side washing the dishes, turned to Amy with mischievous eyes and asked.

“Is this your first time?”

"huh? What are you talking about?"

“You know just by looking at it. Wasn't it your first fight with Sirone? You could clearly see they were flustered while arguing.”

Amy hurriedly returned her gaze to the tableware.

“We didn’t fight, it wasn’t the first time we fought, and it wasn’t even a fight for love.”

Tess giggled at the sorcerer's three-level denial.

Wizards are said to be insidious because they are different from the outside, but in this case, it seemed to be rather cute.

“Still, did you keep a meticulous list of ingredients? Ho-oh, now that I see it, are you noticing tickling?”

Amy stopped washing the dishes and thought. She was between girls anyway, so she couldn't say anything. In the end, she surrendered to Tess' questioning and confessed her inner feelings.

“Sirone… … Sometimes it feels faint.”

“Oh, is it faint? That is poetic.”

Amy laughed, as if it was strange even to think of it.

“But it is true. Should I be transparent? As if it would disappear right in front of your eyes. Perhaps it is because Sirone has a different perspective than other people.”

“A different view? Could it be that you have eyes in strange places?”

“It could be. Most people see the world from their own point of view. But some people extend their horizons to the point of view of others. We usually call such a person a personality.”

“Hmm, if you think about it like that, I’m definitely not a person. You never know what other people think.”

"So do i. But Sirone is different. He’s kind and considerate, but I think the biggest factor is his different point of view.”

Tess smiled as if realizing it.

"aha! So the point is that he supported those bullies and didn't take Amy's side. yes? Right?"

Amy scratched her cheek in embarrassment.

“Well what… … . But if he was just a nice guy, he'd think so. But Sirone is different. In a sense, he has a different perspective than a person with personality.”

“A different view? What other sights do you have?”

Amy raised her index finger and pointed at the ceiling.

“Is it an omniscient point of view?”

“Omniscient… … ?”

"huh. When Sirone begins to see the world from an omniscient point of view, Sirone fades. It is different from us and different from any other human being. It is probably because he has an extremely high field of view where even his own existence is seen as a mere dot.”

Amy still remembers it vividly. The moment Shirone opened the Immortal Function without hesitation in order to save her entire school.

How could that be? It was different from suicide. Giving one's life for others was a thousand times harder than choosing death for one's own pain.

“When Sirone becomes transparent... … The boundary between self and others is blurred. Even you yourself become just a single human being just like everyone else. When you look down at the world from that point of view, what dominates Sirone? I think it's a balance If one side of the scale tilts even slightly, Sirone will be able to get on the other side without hesitation. Even if the scale is death.”

“Ah, nonsense. Where would such a person be? Isn’t that a literal visionary?”

“But it is true. Because I am the one who benefits from that balance. No, all the students at the magic school were saved by Sirone.”

Tess couldn't close her gaping mouth. One student saved the lives of the entire school. How much longer must I be surprised before I can say I knew about Sirone?

A look of sadness crossed Amy's face.

“I just had a thought. When Sirone stopped me, I wondered if maybe I was just a small dot looking at it from a high place. Sirone is with me. No, no different than anyone else. That's why I'm excellent as a mage, but sometimes I'm sad.”

Tess gently shook Amy's shoulder.

“Amy, don’t think so. Sirone really cares for you. So even though she thought it was a couple trip, she was asking you for a favor. You're not like the common people on the streets. Always Karmis Amy.”

Amy smiled at Tess' sincere encouragement. But that didn't change her mind.

How much value does the existence of others have to Sirone, who coldly throws away even her own life?

“Amy, tell Sirone instead. Why didn't you listen to me? I am so very sad and angry that I will not be able to sleep. Can we talk like that?”

Amy smiled and shook her head.

“Sirone should know. The reason why you didn't refute my words was because you were convinced. don't worry too much it will be released soon It's just like you said, it's awkward because it's the first time.”

Tess, with her direct personality, was frustrated. Once your feelings are offended, shouldn't you call the person involved and put an end to it?

However, Amy ended up saying that there was nothing to talk about because everyone knew each other.

"Whoa, I don't know how wizards think."

* * *

Sirone and Lian arrived at the general store alley. The list of ingredients written on each piece of paper was different, so I felt like I would miss the evening when I looked around the maze-like shopping mall.

Sirone thought it would be better to move separately.

“Let’s break up here. I think I can just buy something and go back to the villa.”

“Is that so? But can you lift it by yourself? It must be heavy.”

Sirone looked at Lian with an absurd expression. No matter how weak you are, can't you even lift garlic, onion, and pepper? Even though he had sworn an oath to become a knight, worrying about his shopping cart was not an option.

"it's okay! I'll take care of myself, so don't get lost. You know it's a cooking showdown, right? The loser washes the dishes.”

"good! Get along with Amy and let her do the dishes. It's better to hope that you lose. If you want to reconcile with Amy.”

“What is reconciliation? We didn't even fight."

"huh? Didn't you fight in the harbor? So, are you in a situation where you feel awkward with each other?”

“Amy is not so narrow-minded. There was just a little disagreement. If we exchange opinions with each other, anything can happen.”

"haha! You idiot, that's what you call a fight.”

Sirone stopped talking. It was like that before, and it is like that now. When he heard that Ryan was an idiot, he felt strangely embarrassed.

“Anyway, it’s okay. I’ll go buy vegetables first, so see you at the villa.”

“Then I have to cut off meat first. Go first!”

Sirone stared blankly at Lian, who was charging toward the butcher shop. Just watching him run, he couldn't imagine how much meat he would cut off.

Sirone checked the note Amy had written. I don't know what kind of dish it is, but there were no ingredients that were hard to find.

However, the number of ingredients was more than that of Lian, so I had to work diligently to make it on time.

Sirone went around for about 30 minutes and bought most of the ingredients. At the same time, I also did sightseeing, and maybe because it was a resort, there were many unique and mysterious shops.

Vending machines with products and games were popular, and various performances and street marches were not uncommon.

For a commercial district to focus on entertainment to this extent, a huge number of tourists had to come in without a break. 

As the saying goes, the streets were overflowing with people, and the sound of free laughter that could not be felt on the continent embroidered the southern sky.

'Wow, there are so many interesting shops. I'll have to play here tomorrow.'

After finishing the chapter, Sirone headed back to the villa.

At that moment, the door of the shop in front of me opened wide, and a woman fell to the floor as if being pushed.

“Kyaaaaagh!”

“Kyaa?”

Sirone's head tilted at the strange scream. But she quickly came to her senses and moved closer.

It was a woman in her mid-twenties. She had bobbed hair and she had her bangs straight along her eyebrows, but thanks to her pretty face, she didn't look ridiculous.

“Why, why are you like this? What do you think I did wrong?”

The woman got up and covered her chest with her arms. She was wearing a dress that cut her chest like a saloon lady.

His eyebrows were thin and his eyes were sharp, but his expression with the huge man in front of him looked as gentle as a herbivore.

“Hey, why are you doing this? We want to play together.”

“I am not that kind of girl!”

“No, what isn’t it? If you go around wearing that at tourist spots, just ask. Why don't you come and play with me?"

The person who intimidates the woman is a man named Gamos, who was a famous wealthy man on Galliant Island.

It was a huge body, but it was far from muscle, so it was made of scaffolding, and the abdominal obesity was especially serious.

However, the power of money seemed to be frightening, and on the left and right were accompanied by strong bodyguards.

“Follow me when I say nice things. To be honest, you're not in a position to drop out either, are you?"

"Help me! Help me!"

Even while Gamos grabbed the woman's wrist and was dragged away, no one stopped her.

Tourists don't like to get involved in dangerous things in other places. Also, the locals were afraid of Gamos' influence.

---------------------------------------