Behind the scenes⑷

Benahar hurriedly packed his things.

'I have to leave.'

I don't know where to go in the open sea, but it wasn't this ship anyway.

Benahar's attendant, who was watching from the side, asked with a puzzled expression.

“Chief Secretary, what are you doing?”

"it's over. It's over.”

I tucked the high-end watch I had bought with a lot of money into the back of my bag and zipped it up.

“You pack your things quickly. In the worst case, this ship might sink.”

It's not the chief secretary talking nonsense, but this time I didn't understand.

“The ship is sinking? Are they demons? Or is a tidal wave coming?”

Benahar hesitated.

Can it be said that Yahweh is a more dangerous person than the demons or tidal wave that the attendant said?

“Huh...

When he remembered the look in Sirone's eyes he had seen during the day, his metabolism began to get entangled again.

How narrow is the human brain?

'I couldn't even imagine, until I felt with my whole body that such a thing really existed.'

“Chief Secretary.”

As Benahar shuddered like a madman, the attendant became even more suspicious of his behavior.

“Are you feeling unwell? Shall we call the duty officer?”

“Yahweh… …

Benahar gnawed his teeth.

“Yahweh is on this boat. He said he is currently negotiating with the foreign minister.”

“Then that's a good thing. As you know, Mr. Cairns' negotiating skills are the best. Of course, Yahweh is also protected by the Ivory Tower, but in this case... …

“Hehe. Hehehehe.”

Maybe because it was so absurd, even in a state of terror, laughter flowed out.

“Do you know what Yahweh is?”

“As one of the four superhumans, it is a symbol of fraternity. The reason I am here now is to help refugees. It is also a personal propensity to support.”

There were times when it became fashionable among politicians to support either good or evil, but... … .

“Do you think it is possible?”

Like Benahar, you only realize it when you come into contact with the extreme truth.

“Do you really think that loving all mankind is what humans can do? you're welcome. That's what went mad at the extreme of a certain accident. not insane A monster.”

The attendant blinked.

“Atrocities are bad and Yahweh is good? No, there is no normality in good and evil. They are outside the realm of human beings, and they just fight to get their ideas carried out there.”

"but… … You are a good person, Yahweh.”

“I saw.”

Benahar's hands trembled.

“Those eyes. that spirit. The moment I thought it wouldn't matter if I exploded the sailboat, Yahweh... …

It wasn't murderous intent, hostility, or anger.

“Yes, deprivation. At that moment, it is clear that Yahweh felt that the existence of I was simply 'unnecessary'. It's not a human emotion, no matter how you think about it.”

It was close to God's logic.

“Once that happens, my head is empty. can't think of anything Is it a negotiation or a deal... … That's what humans do in a human world.”

If all mankind can be saved, it doesn't matter if Sirone is not human.

“A world without common sense. But I want to be human. He said he wanted to earn money, meet women, and live a life full of fake fame. That's what everyone is trying to do. I'm going."

As if he didn't need to hear the attendant's answer, Benahar opened the door and went out.

When the door slammed shut, only the chaotic scene in his head remained.

Cairns was offended.

“Hmm.”

Sirone's smile was the same, but the fact that his organs were being crushed was even more annoying.

“Even if you say so, I don’t know who Fermi is. What, are you famous?”

“A classmate of magic school.”

'It's ridiculous.'

If it's a personal acquaintance from the beginning, isn't it the same as being a fool no matter what answer you give.

"ha. Sirone-sama, don't do this to each other. It is said that emotions are put first... …

“Cairns.”

Sirone stopped talking.

“Hands off.” Cairns, still holding Rangi by the waist, engaged in a snowball fight, moving her chin.

Breathtaking silence.

After a while, the hand wrapped around her waist like a snake slipped out and returned to its original position.

“I’m sorry if you were offended.” It was Cairns that avoided the collision once, but the eyes looking at Sirone were still cold.

“I didn't mean to offend you. I just wanted to emphasize that Sirone-sama has a choice.”

"That's why it's third-rate."

His tone returned calmly, but there was nothing harsh about what he said.

“The reason I brought up the name of my alumni is because they know me better than anyone else. No, I haven’t met anyone who can see through humans more openly than he.”

It was only after hearing Cairns' negotiation method that Fermi's strategy was guessed.

“To make a choice means you don't know anything about me. Maybe that guy... …

Although it does not remain in memory.

“I wouldn't have given me any options. situation to be followed. He knows that.”

Other than that, there was no way Sirone would make a deal with the drug lord.

“You’re starting to get angry.”

Actually, I'm already angry.

“I like giving Rangi to the pirates and having Oh Dae-seong help me. Neither is harm. That is the art of negotiation.”

Cairns held out his hand as if inviting.

“What remains is Sirone-sama's choice. Do you have Rangi or throw it away? What else is left here?”

“Your resolution.”

As Sirone's eyes cooled down, the entire restaurant began to vibrate up and down.

“This, this… … !”

Cairns staggered to his feet, and Rangi's face turned pale as he looked around.

"Do not worry. I'm not trying to intimidate you by force. just… … It's because I feel bad.”

Are you prepared to accept that?

“The reason I feel really bad is that your options completely exclude the fact that I would choose nothing.”

“No, that's it… …

As Cairns stood up and tried to return to the table, Sirone's eyes widened.

"sit down."

Even if I didn't obey, my legs were shaking and I couldn't stand any longer.

Sirone continued.

“So now I'm trying to change my stance. I would feel defeated if I chose the option you suggested. I'm in such a bad mood that I might lose my temper. The odds are half and half.” “Now that we are on an equal footing, let’s negotiate again. If you're asking me to make a choice, fine. I will make a choice. But what will happen after that, I don't know what will happen to me... …

Sirone sighed calmly.

“Can you afford it?” The world's view of Yahweh.

If you thought taking a hostage would give you an edge in negotiations, you only knew Sirone half.

'Nothing will change. If I speak, Sirone will make a choice. But after that... …

Is it really the size you can afford?

'no. There's really no way to sink the boat. It's just a bluff. I've been through threats like this.'

That was also true, but the man in front of Cairns now was of a completely different kind.

scary.

'What if he really commits it?'

It was an honest feeling, and I realized what it means to negotiate with the stars of the ivory tower as equals.

“Rangi.”

He tried hard to hide his emotions, but Cairns' expression was already contorted with humiliation.

“Go to Sirone-sama’s side.”

He was still annoyed at treating people like objects, but the key to hostage negotiations was coolness.

“Ah, is that????

After hesitating for a moment, Rangi hurriedly grabbed her clothes and moved over to the seat next to Sirone.

The shaking of the stomach stopped, and a smile appeared on Sirone's lips as if it had never happened.

"Thank you for caring me. You are good at negotiating. Arachne's future is bright.”

It was pure praise.

"ha ha ha! I can't win either. I tried desperately to get the upper hand, but I took a shot.”

Seeing Cairns cooling off his sweat with a hand fan, Sirone raised his evaluation of him.

"no. If the results are good, that's good. Now that the big one is solved, the small one won't be over soon, will it?”

"of course. Hey, is the food still far away? it's all cold Bring something warm back.”

The staff immediately replaced the food, and Cairns got up and poured the wine himself.

“C’mon, let’s toast. For the prosperity of the kingdom of Arachne and the Ivory Tower. I will work hard too.”

You don't know what people are thinking, but sometimes there are things you don't have to go deep into.

"yes. then."

Sitting in the middle of the table, Sirone brought the sweet wine to his lips.

'… … it's tough.'

The dazzling chandelier hanging from the ceiling was unfamiliar, as if from another world.

'I am… … Where are they now?'

the next morning.

The emergency horn of the sailboat Sirone was riding spread across the horizon.

The people listening on board were deafening, and all covered their faces as they came to the deck.

"what! what's the matter!"

Sirone entered the captain's office while security officers calmed the crowd.

“What is it?”

“It's an assault! I am a pirate.”

Looking back at the sea to the northeast the captain had pointed to, black dots shimmered on the horizon.

“Dionas?”

“Probably so, but it has not yet entered territorial waters.”

Poine said.

“If you aimed, you got it right. If you get caught later, you can get away with it. the problem is… …

"why'?"

Sirone tilted her head.

“Your conversation with Arachne must have been over. Why did you come to this distant sea? And that's such a large army... …

There was only one thing I could think of.

“I had no intention of negotiating with Arachne from the beginning.”

“I think so too. Arachne intends to loot all the treasures she carried as tribute and pretend otherwise. It's a pirate-like idea, but... …

Poine said softly.

“I don't think this is a strategy to be used against a powerful country like Arachne. Are you sure about something?”

"Micah's Relics."

It was the first thought that came to mind.

“Please run the evacuation program. Then, at top speed, we'll keep the civilians at bay. We have to finish it before the enemies get within range.”

“I will try.”

The captain raised a loudspeaker and shouted.

“To all passengers aboard the ship! It's an emergency! Women and children, except for trained pros, board the A7 boat immediately. Repeat!”

While the people were going aft, Sirone and Poine reached the head of the boat.

“Miracle Stream.”

As the smoke of light gathered and turned into a huge lens, ships floating in the distance were seen.

"It's an armed ship."

The moment Poine muttered, smoke rose from one of the ships and cannons fired.

"what'?"

It was too far for the shells to reach, so Sirone got out of the lens and checked it in person.

An extremely fast object was approaching in a direct trajectory, as if ignoring even gravity.

'Beyond the speed of sound?'

The fleeing people looked behind them and pointed to the sky with startled eyes.

“Cannon, artillery!”

Before he could even finish his words, Poine blocked Sirone's path from an approaching cannonball.

A roar explodes.

"Oh dear."

Poine, who had been pushed all the way to the deck, was holding a cannonball with one hand near his temple.

“This is an interesting object.”

Smoke rose from the crumpled iron ball.