[270] Theraze's Lineage (3)

Uorin looked at the wall clock and hurriedly put the cat down and stood up.

"uh? It's time to eat. Brother, let's go."

Ji-on, who put down the teacup, stood up and pressed his face to Sirone.

“I don’t know what they came here for, but you better not expect too much. If you don't want to get hurt."

Sirone didn't even snort.

“To be clear, I'm not expecting anything. The only reason I came here is to meet my biological parents.”

"haha! biological parents? yeah, it doesn't matter But you know what? Can’t parents who abandoned their children once abandon them twice?”

Sirone did not understand and frowned.

"What are you talking about?"

“To be pathetic. In front of power, there is no blood or anything. Surely you don't think your father suddenly found you for no reason?”

Sirone also expected that there must be some reason why he found himself after 18 years. However, it was shocking to hear such a story from Ji-on.

Uorin patted Ji-on on the shoulder.

“Oh, yes! because let's go fast If you're late, you'll get scolded.”

Ji-on laughed at Sirone and was led out the door by his sister's hand.

Only then did Ji-on leave the room, leaving Sirone alone, looking back and clicking his tongue.

“Sheesh! He's a no-nonsense guy. I don't particularly like the eyes. Is it because you live vulgarly? Where are you going to talk back to me when it’s not enough even if I shudder?”

Uorin comforted Jion.

“Don't be so. I'm glad I have a wizard brother. I can't be your brother's competitor anyway. As long as there is a mother, Kazura Kingdom belongs to my brother.”

“Who doesn't know that? It's because I don't like what I'm doing. I hate to be called father. Orkamp's son. I will definitely get rid of it when I become king.”

Wu Lin pursed her lips.

In any country, the idea of ​​a son killing his father is immoral. Moreover, this place was a royal castle. If this voice leaked out, the kingdom would be turned upside down.

But Uorin's reaction was just that.

They were the children of Theraze.

@

The food served on the table of the royal family was so magnificent that even commoners would not even dream of dying while eating it.

Sirone didn't think it would be necessary to spend so much money on the food she ate every day, but in reality, it was a virtue of the royal family to be extravagant even when no one else was eating it.

The royal family should be superior to the nobility in even the smallest things.

As long as the nobles of the world indulge in all sorts of luxuries, the royal family's ignorant and excessive spending will not be corrected.

Sirone and the others sat in the last seats. Not only Vincent and his wife, but also Raina and Amy had pale faces.

I really didn't expect to be invited to the king's table.

Could this be the first time in the 100-year history of the Kazura Kingdom?

That added to my anxiety, to the point where I didn't even know where the food was going into the hole.

The atmosphere at the table was chilling.

Orkamp's pride was hurt by the situation that broke the law, and Sirone and Zion were also hurt by the conversation in the room a while ago.

But Eliza was in a very good mood. Because she liked the clothes she picked out in the dressing room. She was wearing a dress with sable fur trimmed on the sleeves, and for her accessories she chose diamonds.

Eliza, who was flipping through the food as if she were trying to disassemble it into molecules, suddenly put down the tableware and smiled brightly.

“I need to decorate Sirone's room. gorgeous and gorgeous Like you, I'm blonde, so I'll have to order a navy blue suit too. Oh, and you'll need a wagon too. I will be out of my mind for a while.”

Olina's face darkened. None of which she could do on her own.

Sirone spoke as if she had made up her mind.

“I don't need that. It is enough for my parents who have raised me up until now.”

“Huh, my son is frugal. But there's such a thing as royalty, so you can't live the same life as before. Let's see... … Yes, gold suits you. No, sapphire?”

“Golden or jewels, it doesn’t matter. My parents here did their best for me. You won't get that kind of love anywhere."

Eliza frowned. What could be more important than gold and jewels? It is their job to enjoy the most luxurious wealth in the kingdom. It is a duty, not a right. 

Prior to becoming the first prince, I was informing about the duties of the royal family, but the son who was reciting the love of the nanny was displeased.

No, perhaps Sirone has too much affection. That's why she can't say that she will live well alone in front of her babysitter.

Eliza looked back at Sirone's parents.

“Did you say Vincent?”

Vincent hurriedly put the tableware down.

"Ah yes! My name is Ariane Vincent!”

“I will make a separate case for you. You should be rewarded for taking good care of our son. It will weigh too much to pay with money, dear, why don't you give me some land in the Cocent area?”

said Orkamp, ​​looking uninterested.

“I’d love to.”

Sirone had a tantrum. They came to the royal castle as they wished. Vincent and Olina are worried about losing their child. In such a situation, the only gift I could give to the two was pride in raising my child well.

Thank you for raising my son, I hoped that those great people who wear the badge of royalty would say just one word. But could it be so difficult to get the word out?

"Wait. Why do you keep talking like that? You raised me for 18 years. My parents, who have taught me how to live on behalf of my real parents from a young age until now.”

Eliza's expression turned ferocious. It is of course a pity that I abandoned Sirone. But a little while ago, I was annoyed by taking the side of vulgar things.

“Is it because the price is low? Then build a small castle on the land... … .”

Sirone's voice rose.

“It's not like that! Why don’t you ever say thank you?”

Eliza put on a blank expression. At first, she wondered if Sirone's mind was a little strange. Why should royalty have to say thank you to commoners?

Ji-on said with an uncomfortable expression.

“What are you doing rudely? Do you think this is the table for commoners where you used to live?”

Sirone glared at Zion. Indignation welled up inside him, but he had a point in his words. There was room for the situation to flow strangely if he went out stronger at the gathering of the royal family.

Uorin hurriedly extinguished it.

“Oh, yes. It's because Sirone oppa is such a kind person. In my opinion, Sirone oppa thinks emotions are more important than material things. So, the price of not conveying emotions is just an exchange of things.”

At this moment, Shirone also saw Uorin as a lovely little sister. I couldn't be so grateful to her for telling her what she wanted to say.

Uorin met Sirone's eyes and winked. Then he told the Vincent couple.

“I’m sorry for pushing you so hard. And thank you so much for raising my older brother so wonderfully.”

“Oh, no. how do i... … .”

Vincent shuddered in embarrassment. He never dreamed that he would be thanked by royalty throughout his life.

Sirone's expression softened a little. On the one hand, she felt sorry that she had misunderstood her child, Wu Lin, until now.

Reina, on the other hand, was shocked. Uorin is the princess of the Theraze family. And the emperor of the Kashan Empire was inherited by women with the surname of Theraje from generation to generation.

Zeon is the king of one country, but Uorin beats a few competitors to become the emperor of the Kashan Empire and rise to the position of dominating the continent. Therefore, apart from Kazura's politics, it was clear that Uorin's actual power would be overwhelming.

It was a surprising event for a child with such power to express his gratitude to the common people, and from a different angle, it could be seen that the king's temperament was rather strong.

As Reina expected, Urin's remarks exerted a powerful influence. As she favorably treated her Vincent couple, Orkamp, ​​who had been silent until now, could not help but support her will.

“I must have thought too much from the royal family’s point of view. I am very grateful to you guys.”

Vincent lowered his head again.

“Oh, no. We just did what we had to do.”

In the eyes of his wife Olina, anger slowly seeped into her eyes.  You can tell by a woman's intuition. Urin's words were sincere, but Orkamp wasn't.

Of course, I didn't give birth to Sirone in my belly. However, he was the son who occupied her heart with love thicker than blood while raising her for 18 years.

If Sirone can be happy, I can let her go, even if she says she is leaving with her real parents. However, even though the best parents who have nothing to envy in the world appeared, I was not in a good mood.

“We don't need money. I just want Sirone to live happily.”

Sirone looked back at Olina with a surprised expression. 

Unlike the moment before, when he was afraid of being oppressed by the power of the royal family, his voice contained subtle anger.

There was no way Eliza, who was astounded by one noticing, could miss that feeling. Her expression was crumpled. I couldn't stand it if it was Shirone, but I couldn't stand her nanny's arrogance.

Even so, the reason why they can't be kicked out immediately is because Wu Lin's remarks are still exerting influence.

From Eliza's point of view, Theraze was the abomination of stealing her husband, but she wasn't foolish enough to ignore the power gap and act. In the end, it was all about getting timid revenge with her belittling tone.

“Let me take it anyway. I don’t want to have another mind later.”

Olina lowered her head, neither affirming nor denying. However, only her eyes were still looking straight at Elise.

Thinking that it would reach the worst if it continued like this, Sirone decided to bring out the core at this point.

“Actually, there is something I want to tell you.”

Eliza also changed her emotions and smiled embarrassingly quickly, as if she felt the need to refresh the atmosphere.

“Yeah, tell me anything. Mommy won't listen to anything."

Then Olina was even more offended. Eliza's words contained ridicule that, no matter how much you and the like acted like mothers, Sirone was royalty.

“I have no intention of becoming the heir to the Kazura kingdom. It's something that I've already talked about with Ji-on. So please stay a while and let me go back to Tormia.”

All the tableware stopped all at once. Orkamp's face turned serious, and Eliza opened her mouth in dismay.

“What do you mean, Sirone? Now this is your home There is no need to go back to such a shabby place.”

“I want to go back. No, at least let me graduate from the school I am currently attending.”

Sirone first presented her magic school card. To be honest, he wanted to leave the castle like this, but his family could be in danger.

"no! That is absolutely unacceptable! You are a prince with royal blood! There are plenty of magic schools in Kazura! Let me introduce you to the best teacher.”

“I will take the graduation exam next year. This is the most important time for me right now. Give me time, even if it’s just a year.”

Of course, I had no intention of returning after a year. Once I got out of here safely, I was thinking of graduating from magic school and running away with my parents.

Uorin gave Shirone strength again this time.

“I can understand how Sirone oppa feels. There will be friends at school too. Network management is also important.”

“What connections do you have with nobles? You should hang out with royalty.”

Eliza was against death. How could she have found the son, but sent her away again? More than anything, her pride was hurt so much that her mother's qualifications were being pushed aside by menial things.

Orkamp finally opened his mouth.

“Let me consider it.”

"honey!"

Eliza asked ferociously. However, feeling her coolness in her husband's eyes, she quickly shut her mouth.

Orkamp also thought it was absurd to hand over his son to a mountaineer. It was the disgrace of the royal family. However, Thera's child is here. If you catch Sirone as she leaves, you could incur disrespectful suspicion from the Theraze faction.

Reina finally realized Sirone's strategy.

The Theraze faction is the most dangerous, which also means that it is the most powerful. Rather than resisting them, the idea was to use their power against them to achieve their goals.

'Certainly because he's smart.'

At first, I was worried that he seemed too excited, but as expected, it wasn't Sirone jumping into a no-win fight.

Seating her parents at the royal table and even insisting on leaving this place were decisions she could make only because Theraze's children were on board.

In the end, Orkamp had no choice but to take a step back.

“Sirone, everything says you are my son. Of course I believe so too. However, it has not yet been clearly verified.”

I'm talking about the need for solid evidence. It's not usually something to say in a situation like this, but Sirone already expected it. It was because he could reassure the Theraze faction through his remarks.

“So how about doing this? Verification of the first prince must proceed through procedures. I'm going to do a paternity test. If it starts tomorrow, it will take about 4 days until the results come out. Until then, let’s think of a good way.”

Sirone was reluctant to waste time, but from the beginning it was impossible to strike a deal with the royal family.

"all right. I will think carefully about it.”

A lot of food was served on the royal table, but no one remembered the menu that day.

---------------------------------------