[734] Two gazes (3)

"wow!"

Kido burst into exclamations.

There would be no one who wouldn't call the current blow a state of art, including Ymir, whose torso had been blown off in half.

“Uh-oh… … .”

Unlike the magician Seong-eum, Mungyeong, who pursued the ultimate in the body, knew exactly the meaning of Lian's fist.

'I put everything in it.'

The shortest distance between points is a straight line.

'Then, what is the shortest distance between two moving points?'

It is also a straight line.

'Therefore, the already completed straight line contains all the infinite curves.'

Just like Lian's fist a moment ago, it was a blow that no one but Lian could imitate.

'It's not that I didn't avoid it. It was unavoidable.'

Among the swordsmanship that Mungyeong learned, there is something called herbivore.

However, when I saw Lian's attack a while ago, I felt a sense of shame, wondering what the use of 10,000 curves was.

“Puuuuuuu!”

Ymir, who had disappeared in a circle from his right shoulder to his chest and side, sat down with his back against the wall.

“Are you in pain?”

Ymir rather asked how Lian was doing.

“Big!”

In the state of the yaksha, the muscles were twisted and twisted, and the twisted muscle fibers were returning to their original state.

“Pain is what it is.”

Hearing Ryan's groans, Ymir raised his head.

“It is the limit of the senses. If the state of feeling nothing is death, pain is life itself.”

“Huh!”

Ymir raised the corners of his mouth as he looked at Lian, who struggled in pain as he hugged his shoulders.

“Take care of it. It's proof that you're alive."

As soon as pain is gone, life is gone too.

"wait… … .”

Lian gritted her teeth and lifted her head.

“I haven’t heard yet. Why is Ogent... … .”

What does Ymir know?

“You will find out sooner or later. At the pinnacle of pain.”

We will meet again.

Ymir's eyes closed, and the cells in his body began to shrink and eat themselves.

When the process of extinction was over, only one molar tooth remained.

"wait! Keugh!”

As Lian, who had returned to human form, crouched down in great pain, Kido made a fuss.

“Oh, what to do! We have to get out right now!”

"are you okay. More than that, sirone... … .”

Ymir disappeared, but Syrone's condition was worse than before.

'It's not an explosion.'

The voice was terrifying.

'Can I die?'

I thought that perhaps it would burn everything white and that Sirone would disappear.

“It’s blocked.”

Sirone murmured in the midst of her receding consciousness.

“Something… … It's blocked.”

If it couldn't be penetrated, it would die, but that was the job of Sirone somewhere out of 19,000.

“Sirone! I’ll go treat Lian first!”

It was the right decision, as the Magan bandits and Baknyeo were dead, and Ymir disappeared as well.

Kido carried Lian on his back, but because of the height difference, it seemed like he was placed underneath.

Voice came out.

"wait. I… … .”

Suddenly, the words were cut off, and Kido, who had been turning around, hurriedly stopped and looked ahead.

“What, what, what is that?”

An ominous flame that no painter could express was flickering in the form of a sphere.

"It's too late, Sirone."

What emerges from the flames is a young man with tattoos tattooed everywhere he can see from his rags.

"really… … It's too late.”

The moment Nane's eyes met, Rian and Kido disappeared out of sight at the same time.

It was a speed that a criminal could not catch up with, but Nane's eyes were still indifferent.

'Can't win. You can never win.'

Kido, who reached the wall of the labyrinth in one month, could not calm his beating heart.

'It's not because I'm weak. No one in this world can handle that human.'

It was such a confident look.

“Princess, that tattoo... … .”

"okay. Know."

Among the ivory tower candidates, Seongeum, who had the most intelligence, stood in front of Sirone.

“Dahlia, no, I am psychedelic. Is that what they call you?”

“What is your name?”

Right after swallowing Ankera's dream, everything in this world is converging on Nane.

'Something different.'

It was finally a situation where three ivory tower candidates gathered in one place, and all three were different from the beginning.

Nane headed towards Sirone, who was blocked by voices.

"I can't wait even for a moment when I think of all the people who are suffering, but I'm here to keep my promise, Sirone."

She stood up, desperately holding on to the consciousness that Sirone was moving away from.

"promise? what promise?”

“Where you seek, I will be.”

Sirone's eyebrows narrowed at what La Enemie said.

“How do you… … ?”

“You still don’t know?”

Nane drew a circle with her index finger and thumb.

“I am the whole.”

It didn't lead to sword painting, but it was a feeling that only words became truth and stuck in my brain.

“Ankera… … .”

The shape and feel are different, but in the end, if it was a whole, there would be no need to distinguish between Nane and Ankera.

Voice came out.

"I don't know what you're talking about, but if you're also our competitor, shouldn't you compete?"

Nane's depth was already grasped, but it was easier than Sirone in terms of persevering.

"stop. I can't compete.”

It was not a statement that disregarded the voice.

“I will die.”

“… … Does not matter."

The time I met Sirone was short, but if she were to choose an enemy, she would choose Nane.

“You are a good person. Please enter the ivory tower on my behalf and make your dreams come true.”

Mungyeong's face went pale.

“Princess!”

“Mungyeong.”

Seongeum smiled at him for the first time.

“You may bury my body.”

“Aaaaaaaaa!”

After screaming, Mungyeong drew his sword and charged Nane.

'It's not because I couldn't reach you, Princess!'

Even in the midst of wielding the best sword of her life, Nane was just watching the flash strike.

'Because I couldn't bear to reach it!'

Mungyeong's sword crossed the space in an instant and approached 1cm in front of Nane's forehead.

'kill! i kill it! I will definitely kill you!'

The gap gets even narrower, 0.5 cm, 0.1 cm, and finally 0.0000001 cm.

'It's cut.'

And at that point Nane declared.

Sermon - The cutting sword.

As if born through time, a gray sword was born and split the space vertically before Mungyeong's sword reached it.

'Dead... … !'

Mungyeong's vision was colored with a brilliant light, and he hit the floor 20 meters away from Nane.

'how?'

When I woke up, the voice was already flying towards me.

“Don’t insult my subordinates.”

The feeling of blasphemy did not exist for Nane, who realized the ball, but the ability of Seongeum was interesting.

“It is a wonderful realization.”

"joy! Don't mistake it for being in a high place.”

Ether Wave - Daenagok.

As the space around her and Nane distorted, their direction was completely distorted.

'Now, try anything.'

Any attack would hit me.

“It’s space.”

When Nane stretched out her arms and made different hand signs, a black sword that sucked everything out appeared.

“It’s gravity.”

The entire curved space was sucked into the sword.

“Wave.”

The intangible sword soared high above the top of the head and created a powerful vibration, disrupting the etheric waves.

"and… … .”

As Nane put his palms together with a generous expression, thousands of colorful swords spread wide across his halo.

“Everything.”

Sermon - Rebirth in Paradise.

The swords of countless elements that existed in the world unfolded in a circle, and all were fired at Seongeum.

A question that automatically popped up in front of the threshold of death.

'Are you new?'

The sword of light stabbed first, and then the swords containing each concept hacked through the vocal cords.

'uh?'

With her life dead, what caught her eye was Sirone's figure.

“Am I dead?”

“I am not dead.”

What the two of them were staying for in an instant was Choeni Bardo, the borderline between life and death.

“Is it Pakji?”

Even though the rebirth of paradise had failed, there was no ripple in Nane's heart.

“Destroy death.”

As the sermon was activated with sword fire, the black sword pierced the veil of the other world and aimed at Sirone and Seongeum.

'It was this.'

Glaring at the rushing sword, Sirone realized that she was blocking the sensation of the explosion.

'It was me.'

Immortal function.

As the mind expands into the realm of infinity, the Valhalla action reverses cause and effect once again.

“Shippok this time?”

Nane changed the number.

“It has no beginning and no end.”

The pale radiant sword swam like a mudfish, then transcended time and pursued Sirone's results.

'Is it God?'

Sirone couldn't help but think the same.

Goblin Incarnation - Underworld Spirit.

“Aaaaaaa!”

As Kido rolled in front of Sirone and invoked the Earth Stop Spirit, the sword in time twisted finely and penetrated the wall of the cave.

Aaaaaaaang!

Everyone was fascinated by the sight of the thick earthen wall being completely breached, but Nane stopped attacking.

“You don’t understand.”

At that time when everyone was startled just by hearing his voice, Lian, supported by Mungyeong, joined.

“What are you obsessed with?”

They were 5 people who would compete for the best in any position if they were put out into the world, but they all backed down at one step from Nane.

'It's not strong or anything like that. This… … .'

I couldn't think of anything to describe.

“Isn’t it a world that ends when you just close your eyes? Why are you struggling to survive?”

Sirone mustered up the courage to face him.

“There is no reason. Because I'm alive. That alone is enough to qualify you to live.”

To Nane, who realized everything, Sirone's words predicted one of two things.

Sirone is wrong, or he doesn't understand.

“The reason I promised to come to you is to keep my promise to you.”

“What promise?”

Nane's Kar value is still on the way to perfection, but it's 99.99999... … Percent's endless journey continued.

“You are obliged to answer the questions left to you.”

Nane pointed at Sirone.

“Why can’t I become a god?”

Silence flowed in the labyrinth for a while.

"god… … .”

It was the word Kido hated the most, but honestly, I couldn't help but admit it.

“Sirone, I am almost right.”

A sword emitting red light rose vertically above Nane's head.

“That's why I'm trying to save this world with irreversible karma on my back. But you're almost right, so this will be your last chance. If you have no means to deny me, then I will end this dream.”

Perhaps it is a sword containing such a concept.

“Sirone, stay back. I will destroy a pseudo cult leader like that.”

Rian raised her sword with her aching body, but Sirone shook her head and took one more step.

“I don’t know if that is the right answer.”

Adding in the memory, this was the third time Sirone had heard this question.

And for the first time, I felt like I could answer something.

"But you'll never be able to put that sword in."

Nane nodded.

“I know until then. But I'm missing something really important. answer me Why can't I plug it in?”

Sirone, lost in thought for a moment, slowly turned her head to look at the group.

Ryan, Kido, Seongeum and Mungyeong.

“And the countless lives that exist in this world... … .”

"no! Sirone!”

The moment Lian realized something and shouted, Sirone opened his arms toward Nane.

“This is my answer.”

Immortal function.

It's not for magic.

When she opened her mind with a heart that embraced all life, Sirone's body emitted light in the form of a cross.

“What, what?”

At the same time, the entrances to the world sealed by Andre shook, and light rose like a fiery flower.

“That… … .”

Nineteen thousand crosses were rising.

---------------------------------------