[31] Teleport(2)




Older teachers frowned at the unstoppable debate. Even so, the reason for keeping silent is that their rating is higher. 
In addition to Shiina and Sade, who are active as certified 6th-class wizards in their mid-20s, Etela was the pride of Alpheas Magic School.
The quarrel showed no signs of abating. Etela intervened, but it was a situation where no one gave way, as if literally fire and cold collided.
Alpheas just smiled. If you don't have a passion for education, you won't fight like that. It's just that the object of passion is different.
Sade wants the development of the alma mater, and Shiina wants the growth of the students. If you were a teacher, you should have taken Shiina's side, but it wasn't that you didn't understand Sade's feelings, who were from this place.
“I listened to the opinions of the two of you. Now that you know what I mean, let's stop and take a seat."
As soon as Alpheas spoke, Shiina and Sade stopped arguing like a lie. The only thing the two have in common is their respect for Alfeas.
“From what I hear, both opinions have a point. Shiina-sensei's words are logical. But we are always teachers. Shouldn’t prejudice take root in the minds of children?”
"That's what I mean, Headmaster."
Saad laughed and Shiina was expressionless. However, Alpheas had no intention of ending it like this. While pondering something, he expressed his opinion with a convex smile.
"So that's what I mean... … How about something like this?”


An official notice was posted on the bulletin board of the advanced class building.
Dozens of students gathered in front of the bulletin board were shocked to see the contents of the official document.
An unprecedented incident in the history of Alpheas Magic School. It was about conducting promotion evaluations for all members of Class 7.
The main goal of the official letter was as follows.
Provides an opportunity for early promotion to all of Class 7. Only one person is eligible for promotion, and if they pass the test, they will be promoted to Class Five. Acknowledging the students' worries, the evaluation is unusually scored by magic rather than spirit zone.
The evaluation item is instant movement.
“Can, teleportation? I don't know how to do it, do you know how to do it?"
"no. Of course not. It’s an officially designated class 5 magic.”
“I did it once. But I was too scared to try again.”
“You fool! It's easy if you follow the original formula. It is a problem because it is difficult to apply.”
The children's voices suddenly died down. Sirone was walking. Arriving at the bulletin board while being saturated with numerous gazes, he read the official document. The conclusion reached at the teachers' meeting was a real fight between the students.
'Teleportation.'
Sirone clearly imprinted it in his mind.


* * *


This so-called class 7 bullying incident was also interesting to the upper class students. In particular, there was a lot of talk about the fact that the subject was Sirone.
“Oh my God! You mean something like that happened? Amy, did you know?”
Amy, who checked the bulletin board only at the end of her day, read the official document in a state of dismay. Her fists trembled as Seriel told the specific situation based on the rumors she had heard here and there.
'Have you been bullied? Is that because of me?'
His classmates said he wouldn't even make eye contact with Sirone. What's more, she said, there are some kids who say hello to Amy in the integration class and she swears openly.
"what do you think about it? After all, there are children in Class 7. Actually, I've been through something similar. I got promoted right away, so nothing special happened.”
“Youngness is no excuse. Aren’t we young when you think about it that way?”
“Anyway, we're in Class Four. Magic involves a lot of the mental part, so age doesn't matter.”
Amy didn't want to question this or that. She was in fact a mess in her head and she couldn't think of anything. I was just angry that Sirone had been hurt.
"idiot! Why didn't you tell me?"
Could we have found a better solution if we had been honest and discussed it? No, definitely will. No matter how popular it is, it's the 1st place in Class Four. When he thought that he was dating a person like that, he was angry as if he had been through it.
“I need to go to Sirone.”
“I’m going, but what are you going to do?”
“I have to hit you once. After that, I'm going to assemble all the class 7 kids. Since we're lovers, we can do that much."
“What? Are you crazy? no way!"
“What’s wrong? So you mean stay like this? Did that happen because of me?”
“Ugh, you really don’t know men. Do you know why Sirone didn't talk? It's because you're proud of yourself. But what if I set fire to it?”
Amy couldn't understand. The only reason she didn't even make eye contact with her was because she was afraid of the children in Class 7.
Rather, it was Amy who was hurt by this incident.
“Men like to be recognized. It is a man who lives by his ego and dies by his ego. But since you were bullied, would you want to tell the girl you like?”
There was some truth to Seriel's words, but only if they were truly in love. How should I interpret the fact that he didn't tell me even though it was just fake love?
'You must think that you stepped on shit because of me. That's why I'm avoiding it.'
Seriel thought positively about the school's response.
“Aren’t you glad? If you pass the promotion exam, you can enter Class Five. The teleportation test is really well-chosen. Even the class 7 kids have to learn from the beginning.”
Amy thought differently. There was a difference between not learning a particular magic and not learning her magic itself.
What's more, it's a momentary move.
When learning to teleport, the most important thing is to overcome your fear. It was a speed different from that of flying magic, and it could have cost you your life if you bumped into an obstacle.
“Come to think of it, this is an inexhaustibly dangerous test, right? What are the teachers thinking?”
“I will adjust the level of difficulty appropriately. You can test your students' enthusiasm. It looks like more than half of Class Seven are going to take the exam.”
“What? You never learned that much?”
“The reward for passing is class five. Besides, you learn everything from scratch. I think I would have tried it too.”
Amy couldn't erase her embarrassment. It was clear that the students who took the test would practice intensively with the help of seniors or with a dedicated teacher.
On the other hand, Sirone was not in that situation. A full-time teacher was unimaginable, and there would be no friends to turn to for advice.
'Isn't it really falling like this?'
Although Sirone's talent is acknowledged, it was a test that could never be guaranteed to pass if it was only a short-term process.
"right! Amy How about you help Sirone? Let’s take this opportunity to reconcile.”
"joy! I've been in such a situation and I haven't discussed it, but can you get help? I'll just keep pretending I don't know.”
“Oh wow, you guys are really dizzy too. We just need to like each other, what does that matter?”
“Never mind. Because that's our way of dating. Anyway, I'm not in an idle position either. The senior class promotion test is right around the corner.”
"Oh right! It did. Sorry."
For a student, nothing is more important than a promotion. No matter how much Amy was, she couldn't afford to pay attention to other things in order to overcome the high barrier of her senior year.
“You know what. If that's not enough, it's better not to have the title of my lover.”
Turning away from the bulletin board, Amy continued talking to herself.
'Even if it's a fake lover.'


* * *


time close to midnight.
A masked figure has infiltrated the men's dormitory garden. There was not even the sound of grass rustling as he took steps that resembled a cat's. I scratched my head in annoyance when I confirmed that the lights were on on the 7th floor of the building.
'It's never because I cared about this. It's my responsibility, so I'm helping!'
Amy gritted her teeth. Even when she tried to just move on, she was bothered by Sirone and she couldn't focus on her studies.
“Wait and see. I’ll make you pray very hard.”
Amy climbed the wall to the seventh floor. She wouldn't be able to lift her head up if rumors spread that she had crossed the threshold of the boys' dorm in the middle of the night, but her childhood playfulness wasn't going anywhere.
'Whoops, it'll surprise me enough to make my heart drop.'
As soon as Amy opened the window, she rolled forward. Calculation was made at the same time as landing. He subdues Sirone and throws him on the bed. She then intended to break her arms so that she screamed.
"uh?"
But Amy couldn't move even a step. She was looking at herself with Sirone's surprised eyes. And next to her was Shiina-sensei sitting in her chair.
“Sir, sir?”
“Are you Amini?”
Shiina adjusted her glasses and looked again. Just by looking at her red hair and dark eyes with double eyelids, it was clear that it was Amy.
I knew that I was dating Sirone, but lately I thought they were only studying for their own goals. However, now that I saw it, what I was doing was very dubious.
“Have you ever met like this? Pretending not to know during the day and having a tryst at night?”
“Oh, misunderstanding, sir! That is a huge misunderstanding!”
Shiina hurriedly put her hand to her mouth.
"Shh! I'll hear you in the next room."
Amy covered her mouth and looked at the room next door. She was in a men's dormitory, not anywhere else. If rumors spread that a woman's voice could be heard in Sirone's room, the first suspect would always be himself. Of course, even so, there is nothing to say.
“No, wait! Even so, what are you doing here, teacher? Even at this hour?”
Come to think of it, the person who didn't fit the situation the most was Shiina. This is because there is no reason for a teacher to come in plain clothes in the middle of the night, leaving aside the method of calling.
“Tell me. Why are you here at this hour?"
Shiina's cheeks blushed at Amy's well-founded misunderstanding. However, she quickly returned to her original self and spoke coldly.
“I came to give you some advice about the promotion exam. I don't think it's good to be noticed by others because the situation is the situation.”
If the promotion test was the reason, Amy had nothing to say in response. Because she herself came because of it.
“Here, senior.”
Sirone, who had prepared tea, held out a cup to Amy and said,
“At least a cup of tea… … .”
"hmm."
Amy picked up the teacup and savored the incense. Like a courteous junior, he had a basic attitude to greet guests.
“… … is a horn! This all happened because of you!”
“I’m sorry!”
Sirone's apology made Amy even more upset. Isn't it because he's so good-natured that he ignores even the little ones?
“Let’s sit down. Because I want to finish talking.”
Shiina offered a seat. Amy sat down next to Sirone and jerked her body around. She was nervous and came to visit her, but she was still mad at Sirone.
“As you all know, the evaluation item for this test is teleportation. It was a decision made by the headmaster himself.”
“Are you the principal?”
Amy finally understood the situation. She thought it was an unsuitable test for Class 7, but she deserved it if it was the principal's playfulness.
"okay. In fact, I don't even know what his intentions are. Because teleportation is a dangerous magic for lower classes.”
Amy asked.
“The test is probably on the 'bridge that can't be crossed', right?”
"I'm not sure, but it's actually only there."
=======================================