[72] Dream On(1)

Photon Cannon.

Although the mass contained in the photon is insignificant, the impact of the photon output at high speed was not the level that a single monster could withstand.

Chief Ulc's eyes burned. Having fought countless battles with humans, he knew how dangerous wizards could be.

"it's okay! I must have been scared! Sirone did it!”

cried Martin. But Arthur had a different idea. The opponent he was facing now was a monster, not a beast. They say they have reason, but their beast nature was not something to belittle.

“It won't end like this. Even though Sirone is strong, she is only human. Beasts that hunt in packs never retreat after taking damage from one or two.”

As Artor analyzed, Chief Ulc had no intention of backing down. The wizard's ability is destructive, but the violence of the group was not frightened by only one person.

“Kreurreu, porridge… … female… … la… … .”

“Aaaaaang!”

The roar of the protruding Woolk shook the heavens and the earth. 

'you can do it. If you wake up, you can win.'

Sirone teleported up and bombarded the ground with a photon cannon. Flashes of light struck like hail. Even if they were not hit by the Photon Cannon, the shockwaves generated from the ground hit the Ulks.

Even so, Ulk's prestige did not diminish in the slightest. In the case of forming a group, it was a warlike race that even the ogre called the king of the forest could fold.

Irrespective of the damage of their kind, the Ulks jumped up and swung their claws at Sirone. Sirone hurriedly landed on the ground. There were also seven of them waiting for an opportunity.

Sirone converted Spirit Zone into a four-way attack type. The moment the thorns of the Spirit Zone touched Ulk, multiple photon cannons were fired. A blindingly intense flash stretched out, and the Ulks hit by the photon bounced back to where they came from.

"Wow, that's amazing... … Sirone.”

The children made a bewildered expression. To think that humans could fight dozens of ulks on equal footing. I thought that stories of heroic saga were bluffing in the world. However, seeing the battle of Sirone, he seemed to believe any story as fact.

"haha."

Sirone's breathing became rough. The moment she cast the Photon Cannon multiple times, her consciousness seemed to be blown away. It was difficult to endure even with the mental strength to sustain the photon output for more than 10 minutes. This is because Photon Cannon is fusion magic that combines light and mass.

Wizards have one slot into which batteries can be installed. It is the same reason that humans cannot focus on two things at the same time. With the Servant Syndrome, Iruki can double, but except for such a special case, even the most high-ranking magician can only use one magic at a time.

Therefore, it was rare in the professional world for wizards who use a single attribute, pure magic, as their main specialty. Most combine two or even three attributes to maximize the effectiveness of a single enchantment.

Shiina's Ice Tornado, a combination of cold and wind, and Sade's Fire Sun, a combination of light and flame, were representative examples.

Fusion magic has the advantage of maximizing the efficiency of the moment, but it required a high level of mental strength. It was natural for Sirone to feel tired after casting such magic in succession.

'It's a big deal. I think there are only a few steps left. I don't think I can defeat them all.'

Woolk is different from the thugs of the alley. A beast's sense of smell reads the emotions of its prey like a ghost. If it shows any sign of fatigue, it will immediately try to tear it limb from limb.

In fact, even after losing a third of his people, Ulk's chief was still showing hostility.

Realizing that Sirone was exhausted, Ulc's secondary unit rushed in. It was a similar number to the first unit, but compared to when the mind was intact, the feeling itself was different.

Shirone hit the photon cannon with a sense of urgency. A mass of photons was buried in the stomach of Ulc, who was running in front of him.

“Kuaaaaa!”

The body of the giant was pushed out as it dragged the floor. However, unlike before, he didn't fall down and kept his legs on the ground. Sirone was terrified. I can't imagine that the power would have gone down this much.

Convinced, the Ulk chief ordered an all-out attack.

“Kang! kang! Kwang!”

The Ulks also sensed victory and rushed at it.

'Now that it's like this... … .'

The only thing left for Sirone was Immortal Function.

But can you stand it?

It's on a different level from what I've cast photon output before. It was unknown what the aftermath would be if fusion magic, which consumes a lot of mental power, was cast in the infinite realm.

“Big!”

The moment she opened the Immortal Function, pressure rose in Sirone's mind. He thought his head might explode.

“Aaaaaaa!”

Sirone made up her mind and opened her mind. There was a rush of great power along with the feeling of his ego loosening.

The moment the spirit zone was filled with light, it exploded violently. Golden fragments flew as the mass wave pushed the Ulks away.

Floating an orb of light in her palm, Sirone shot it forward with all her might. The entire area was devastated as the Photon Cannons spread out in a flash of white light. Without reducing the output, the ulks swung as if they were sweeping with a broom.

But I couldn't keep this state forever. If infinity is an ocean, Sirone's spirit is a stream. The immortal function is like a barrier between them. They drilled a hole and boiled seawater, but the barrier would collapse over time.

Since the amount of mental power that must be paid for depends on the magic, the wizard chooses the most effective magic for the price depending on the situation.

Magic that has a far superior effect compared to its price is called over power in the magic society. Representatively, there were time magic stop, invisibility magic, invisibility, alchemy magic injection, and healing magic Heal of Almighty.

Then what about the Photon Cannon?

Sirone thought it was close to over power.

Excellent attack speed, mixed use of single shots and continuous fire, and even the form of a wick beam were all necessary conditions for attack magic.

However, it is only said that the efficiency is higher than the price. Basically, the Photon Cannon was an expensive magic. If it was cast indiscriminately like now, a terrible situation could have occurred.

'no more! I'll die first!'

Sirone stopped casting Photon Cannon. The saturation time was only about 3 seconds, but dust rose from all sides, making it impossible to see an inch in front.

As a gust of wind swept away the dust, the children shuddered at the sight unfolding before them. The area swept by the Photon Cannon was devastated.

The Ulks were buried in the ground, and those who escaped were also trembling in fear, unable to mourn the death of their own people.

Sirone realized the power of the Photon Cannon. In the place where the flash passed, nothing really remained. 

Since the person who cast the magic was admiring, the position of the victim must have been devastating. Chief Ulc had no choice but to admit the reality with a frightened expression.

That mage can't win.

“Kreur, we… … liver… … all. send… … different… … .”

Currently, Sirone was so exhausted that any magic was impossible. However, I persevered with strength in my legs until the end.

“Never come here again. If you come into this mountain one more time, it won't end there.”

The Ulk chief conveyed his servile feelings in clumsy human language.

"not… … come. descent… … All magic... … buy."

"good."

When Sirone waved his hand, Chief Ulc left first. The other Ulks followed the chief into the forest without any regrets.

After the Ulks disappeared, Sirone, who was relieved of tension, stumbled and fell with her eyes closed.

“Sirone! Sirone!”

"Shh! Quiet. They might come back.”

When Alto paid attention, the children covered their mouths. 

Alto looked at Sirone again. I laughed out loud at the sight of him sleeping soundly without knowing the world.

The children of the slash-and-burn village grew up with the passage of time, but Sirone seemed to be the same as he was when he was young.

'They say wizards don't age.'

At first, I thought it was the son of a common mountaineer. A child from where he was born. Sirone didn't look at all like Mr. Vincent, and that's why he looked down on him even more.

But it was an illusion. Could Sirone be the ugly duckling in a fairy tale?

A human being different from the mountain man from birth.

Alto held up Sirone. It was a sirone that was as light as a feather compared to its physical strength, but it didn't feel proud.

I now knew that I could never lift the weight of intelligence contained in a light body.

“Let’s go down. The hunting game is over.”

* * *

"omg!"

After waking up, Sirone jumped up. 

It was someone's house. 

When I put my hand on the back of the sofa and looked around, I saw a cozy floor.

I could feel the warmth of the brazier burning on the bonfire and heard the sound of food being prepared in the broken kitchen.

"uh? sirone is broken Rumina, sirone wake up!”

Martin shouted, and a crackling noise came from the kitchen. After a while, Lumina peeked out from the other side of the wall.

“Here?”

Sirone then remembered. It was Lumina's house where she often stayed with her father when she was young.

Children came pouring down from upstairs. She was dressed the same as when she went hunting, as if she stayed by Sirone's side without returning home.

“Sirone, are you okay?”

Alto asked anxiously. As soon as he got home, he inspected Sirone's body, but found nothing unusual. However, since he was ignorant of magic, abnormal signs might occur.

Sirone ran several experiments to see if there was anything wrong with her head. His memory was intact, and his mind seemed fine.

"are you okay. I must have collapsed from exhaustion.”

“Whoa, that’s good. We knew you were wrong.”

Sirone felt quite sorry for making her worry unnecessarily. Of course, the children thought the exact opposite.

“It’s been a while since I had a good night’s sleep, and I feel refreshed. I think the fatigue is going away now.”

I took a long sleep at the dorm, but in fact, I was not very tired. But now I feel really good. It's because her nasty sense of super inlay has disappeared.

I was confident that I would overcome it. However, when what was there disappeared, she realized how difficult she had been in. & nbsp;

'Armin was right. As soon as I mastered the Photon Cannon, my senses returned. I didn't even have a nightmare.'

There was a growl in the stomach. It was the hunger I hadn't felt in a long time. The savory smell wafting from the kitchen also helped stimulate hunger.

Sirone licked his lips and asked Lumina.

“But what are you making now?”

“Pork stew. My mother bought meat for me.”

Rumina's mother came out of the kitchen with a ladle.

“Sirone, how are you? long time no see."

“Hello, Auntie. I'm sorry for nothing because of me.”

“Huh, I’m sorry if you say that. How long has my daughter waited for you?”

Rumina's face turned red. But she suddenly turned sad in her eyes and lowered her head.

Arthur understood her feelings. She must have realized as well as her children.

Sirone cannot be our leader. He was not a child of a slash-and-burn village, nor was he the son of a mountaineer.

Sirone was a wizard.

As the atmosphere calmed down, Altor shouted in a hearty voice.

"now! hungry. Let’s eat some rice.”

“Wow! I will eat meat after a long time! go! energy! go! energy!"

Lumina's mother placed a large barrel on the table. She said the stew with pork was swaying beyond the proper line.

There are only 4 people in Lumina's family, but in the slash-and-burn village, they often gather in one house to eat, so the tableware was sufficient.

---------------------------------------