The right choice (2)

"what?"

The Balkan crowd told the unbelievable truth.

'The trajectory of the vanguard has changed.'

In an instant, it turned at a great angle, and immediately the messenger came running, reversing the march.

“Urgent news!”

It was something I didn't even need to hear.

“Ho-ho-ho! what? Did you fail in the end? After all, humans are like that. It's the worst for the military."

I didn't even hear Paimon's mockery.

'no. It can't be like this.'

In addition to Jetaro, Sumodo, and Natasha, even Balkan was tossed around by the enemy's soldiers.

“… … turn again.”

Vulcan, who made up his mind, opened his eyes and said.

“You cannot go to Baska. There must be something about being so desperate.”

Paimon is tired of Balkan's impudence.

“So what is it?”

“I can't imagine. but in the end that

You are right in seeing that there is something unimaginable. Order the entire army! Turn the nose right now... … Kuck!”

As the blunt impact hit the back of his head, Vulcan's vision pinged and spun.

“You are talking bullshit.”

As I twisted at the sound of Paimon's voice, her claws were flying again.

“Huh!”

Vulcan leaned back and swung his sword on the horse, but the distance was strange.

“Ho-ho-ho! I do have one trick though. But will you be okay, lethal dose of poison?”

As soon as the words were finished, Vulcan stumbled 'Damn it! Betrayal... … !'

By regulating blood flow with schema, the spread of the poison is slowed down, but it won't last long.

“For you to do this to me… … Doesn’t that mean Habitz also betrays you?”

I squeezed out my last strength to warn you, but Paimon only laughed.

"What are you talking about? Everything is His will.”

"what'?"

When Vulcan fell on his horse's back as his spinal nerves paralyzed, Paimon came and lifted his head.

“It means that Satan is fed up with you. He doesn’t treat toys that he’s not interested in.”

“Havitz… …

Still left with an unacceptable conclusion, Vulcan's eyelids closed.

“Heh, weak things.”

When Paimon put down the Vulcan's head, the demons who had been dissatisfied until now approached.

“Shall I kill? Or, shall we show the fear of demons?”

“Hmm.”

According to the messenger's report that Paimon heard, Havitz's humanity had completely disappeared.

'That doesn't mean it's not Havitz.'

she gave instructions

“I imprison you for now. It would be nice to see those four idiots locked up side by side.”

"All right. But what about Natasha? If you come to your senses, it will be a headache.”

Her power was at a level that made even the demons stick out their tongues.

“Whoops, no problem.”

Paimon's eyes burned purple.

“Eating out, van.”

It was the ability to create a quarantine zone in a specific space and take away the mobility of those trapped there.

“Take him.”

As the demons flew to the rear carrying the Vulcan, Paimon rode the Vulcan's horse.

“Whoa. It looks like you've lost a tooth." Everyone felt the same way.

“Paimon, lead us. We want blood. I want human suffering.”

“Ho-ho-ho!”

Paimon held out his hand.

“Ignore formations from this time on. all scattered! Find the shortest distance and gather at Baska!”

"Quaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!"

The roar of the demons created a roar.

"let's go! It's a bloody festival!”

Just as cockroaches gathered in rotten food are scattered by light, the armies of hell spread out in all directions.

The command of the temple was in an uproar.

“Asmodians are entering Baska! 300 confirmed cases so far

only! No, 4.5 million...

Iruki raised his hand to block the report.

'This is just the beginning.'

Baska's front yard, the flower garden, was pierced, so it was only a matter of time before an army of 100 million was gathered.

“Please call Lucky Boy.”

The time has come.

"All right."

The reality was finally felt, and the commanders left the command with terrified expressions.

In a quiet room where people had left, Iruki was absorbed in just closing and opening his eyes.

“Iruki.”

Nade entered with a bright expression on his face, but he didn't have the courage to look back at him.

'It's miserable.'

He was disgusted with himself for inviting his friends to the task of leaving a stigma in history.

“I heard about it. That the army of hell is coming to Vasuka. We finally have a chance to turn around.”

I tried my best to speak in a good way.

"sorry."

Nade asked softly.

"??????what?"

“When you came to do this for me, I was silent. Because it's a strategy with no second chances. so i shut up Family, Mr. Liz, because of my desire to be perfect, even though I know what you have to protect.”

There are many technicians in the temple too.

However, Iruki wanted to send someone he could be sure to take responsibility in any situation.

“If you had told me to go back, I would have gone back.”

Iruki looked back at Nade for the first time.

“I must have gone back to my hometown to protect my parents and Liz. most precious to me

because they are people but."

Nade tightened his eyes and said.

“I will never see you again. Because to you, I am only that much.”

“Nade… …

"You're not the only one worried. I also thought about countless things while coming to the temple. But there is only one conclusion. If it's not me, you can't entrust this job to anyone.”

Iruki lowered his head.

“What if the aircraft is defective? The detonator may not work. Could there be unpredictable variables? What if the carrier changes his mind? Couldn’t I have given up beforehand without even trying my best?”

Sighs, sighs, rough breathing was heard.

“But if it’s me, if it’s Nade, I’ll make it through no matter what the worst happens. Did you think of that?”

Iruki couldn't answer.

Suppressing the tears that filled up, I could only shake my upper body in response to the breath that my lungs were sucking in.

“When you were silent, I was honestly really relieved. If I told you to go back, I would have died of embarrassment. ha ha ha!"

“Ku-k-k-k-k.”

Iruki burst into laughter filled with tears

lied

"don't worry. you'll do well suffered during that time. Now leave everything to me.”

With just one word from Nade, Iruki felt thousands of tons of weight drop.

“Nade.”

Nade, who had left his seat and headed for the door, stopped and looked back.

"huh?"

“Unconditionally succeed.”

Nade smiled and raised his thumb in front of a statement that left the weight of humanity on his shoulders.

"No problem."

He said as he opened the door.

“I look lucky.”

The allied forces, who had escaped from the flow of demons, watched the situation without letting go of tension.

'it's okay. They don't seem to have any intention of turning.'

They did not know that Paimon had already given orders to assemble at the capital.

said Dante.

“Wouldn’t it be better to avoid it? If the operation succeeds, it won't be safe here either.”

It was within the range of an elemental bomb.

The fact that the citizens of Baska were evacuated was reluctant, but it was inevitable.

"let's go."

Miro said as if taking responsibility.

“The feelings are all the same. There is no one to applaud you for staying here. Let's go now.”

Amy asked.

“Where are you going? If the demons advance to Ba Shuka, shouldn't we follow them?”

Dante licked his lips.

'Come to think of it, I became a corps commander in this war. You don't know about the operation yet.'

Amy asked again.

“Why are the faces like that? Is there something I don't know about?"

In any case, it was impossible to proceed with the operation ignoring the magician who had reached the level of fire.

“To Baska… …

The moment Lufist opened his mouth, Miro felt a creepy aura and turned around.

“That one?”

A group of troops, surrounded by light, flew over the horizon.

“Army of Heaven.” Angel and Mara flew quickly, followed by the fairies who floated the giant in the air.

“Huh? uh?"

When the giants crashed from 1 kilometer in the sky, the allied forces were dizzy just by looking at them.

The giants raised clouds of dust on the dry ground with a thud and slowly raised their upper bodies.

' big.'

The height of about 8 meters was not even close to average, and the really big giants were close to 80 meters.

“Is this where you start?”

As Ymir moved his steps while stroking his fists, the demons around him blocked the path.

“What are you?”

There are demons who know about the existence of heaven, but most of them were giants for the first time.

As Ymir furrowed his eyebrows in displeasure, a demon with scythe-like arms walked by.

“Sniff sniff. What is this, why does it smell like this? Are they so different from humans? It's stupid to look like.”

The Demon, who lifted Ymir's chin with a scythe, brought his face together and his smile was convex.

“Hey, you’re completely frozen. Hey, say something. Call the older brother behind you.”

The demons knew the 80-meter-tall giant as their leader, but in reality, their faces were pale.

"decided."

As Ymir grabbed the demon's scythe, his arm bent as if the tongs were bent.

“Aaaaaa! my arms! my arms!”

While the demons raised their eyes in anger, Ymir warmed up and moved on.

“I’ll have to start by taking out the trash.”

“Kill!”

The moment the demons charged, raising their weapons and baring their teeth.

“Huh.”

Ymir took a deep breath, puffed out his lungs, and raised his arms up.

Surprised, Girshin held out his hand.

“Ymir! for a moment… … !”

Before he could finish his voice, Ymir lowered his stance and slammed the ground with both arms.

The sound of the world has been muted.

'Is time going slow? No, is it fast?'

The allied forces who were watching from afar thought as if they were drunk with drugs.

'What is that?'

The earth rose high like a tidal wave, and a whirlpool appeared in the sky, mixing colors.

'I'm sleepy. want to go home.'

A strange yawn came out.

Their eyelids slowly close and their vision narrows.

“… … sun!"

I saw someone's voice enter my ear in a thin form like a worm and then come out.

'Hehe, that's amazing. Can you hear it?' Delirium caused by shock waves.

Aaaaaang!

And those who experienced that state disappeared from the world the next moment without exception.

Hey hey hey hey!

The mass teleport flash landed in an area two kilometers away from there.

“Is everyone okay?”

They made an emergency escape with maze magic, but they couldn't save everyone.

There is also no time for mourning.

"again! again!"

At the same time as the mass teleport soared into the sky, a huge seismic wave swept the place.

Kurleung. Kurleung. Kurleung.

The sound of the earth cracking around Ymir spread in endless echoes.

“Tsk, you’re annoying me.”

There were no demons left in the flower garden, and even the heavenly angels watched with tired expressions.

'A monster is a monster.'

In the first place, the question that arose when Ymir was born permeated all of Heaven's forces.

'Why in this world...

do you need something like that?