The Circulating World (2)

Destura let out a scream.

u | n

It must be a voice organ to threaten living things, but it was useless in space.

'What are all these things?'

Destura, combined with Nane's thoughts, has the shape of an upside-down human when viewed from above.

It felt as if the joints of the whole body were bent in reverse, and it was a terrifying form just to capture it in the eyes.

'Surprisingly strong?'

However, in Son Yu-jeong's field of vision looking up from below, there was only a terrible monster resembling a bug.

'then… …

Son Yoo-jung, who heated her body, flew through outer space spraying flames like a jet.

Nane's eyes sparkled.

'It's dark.'

It was a new feeling to see the stone monkey's skills that once disturbed the heavens.

Destura's flesh burst every time she swung her sword, but the sound was muted, so there was no sense of reality.

Finally, when Destura disappeared as a thought body, Son Yu-jeong stretched out two bags of women's clothing.

“Whoa!”

Smoke billowed endlessly from her mouth, as if burning firewood.

Son Yu-jeong walked slowly through the clouds blocking Nane's view.

As soon as the sermon broke through the barrier, the body that had been heated like molten iron quickly cooled.

you said

“Thank you for solving the trouble. But, what is a monkey who can't stand boredom going to do on a silent moon?”

Son Yoo-jeong aimed at Yeoui.

“You know everything, right? I am different from my grandfather. I will live my life doing what I want to do.”

Shura made a hand sign.

“Son Yu-jeong, withdraw your hostility. No matter how immature you are, dissolute behavior in front of Buddha is unacceptable.”

“Shura.”

Son Yoo-jeong frowned.

"So do you. Mortasinger was captured. Are you going to just watch as a member of the same denomination’?”

“The Ten Commandments… …

A moment of longing passed Shura's eyes.

“It was disrupted. After Veron left, there is no leader who will lead us.”

“The one who killed that Amita was the Buddha. But you're saying you'll be by his side?"

Shura kept her mouth shut.

' Baron... …

I told her to go find Sirone.

'I can't do that yet.'

The reason why I couldn't follow the will is because I still don't know 'how to live'.

'In a world full of lies, trapped in nothingness,

What is the meaning of living?'

Until she realized the secrets of this world, she would not leave the Buddha's side.

"joy! What does the Thunderbark know? You are just annoyed that your friend was arrested!”

It was true.

“Yeah, that has nothing to do with me. But the Buddha has business. So Shura.”

Son Yu-jeong's eyes shone golden.

“When it dries, it beats off.” Hwaan Geumjeong.

Shura's Gestalt was useless if it were an eye that could see the truth of all things.

'Yes, it would be nice to meet your great-grandfather.'

In the first place, hanging out with Mortasinger is far from realization.

Even so, since he had all the good things in the world, Shura felt sick to his stomach.

you asked

“So, what do you want from me?”

“You know how to get to hell, right? let me go I will get my friend back.”

“Hell… …

I know, of course, but it took time to teach Bakji's enlightenment to the monkey.

“Going is not a problem. It depends on what kind of hell you want to go to.”

"What are you talking about?"

Son Yoo-jung hated things that could only be known by thinking.

“When you shoulder unbearable karma in reality, hell will call you. So decide.”

On the left and right of Nane, a sword spewing frost and a sword burning in flames were born.

“Eight cold hell or eight heat hell? Poison death hell would be good, bankruptcy hell would be good too. If that's not the case... … Behind Nane, numerous swords spread out like fans, emitting five colors.

“You may tell me where you want.” the moon shook

An incarnation so gigantic that it will affect the human planet, but it is impossible to even think of it.

“Tathagata.”

The afterimage of Buddha rising from beyond the lunar horizon seemed to be at the end of the universe.

A mischievous look appeared on Son Yoo-jeong's face as she pursed her lips and watched with a blank expression.

"ha ha ha! So you're going to drop me into hell. Alright, I'll accept the match!”

Shura's eyes widened.

'That crazy monkey.'

It must have been an innate mental illness to fight even after seeing the pan-cosmic stage.

'But the Tathagata.'

Son Yoo-jung's force, which brought out Nane's sincerity, was clearly not at a level that could be ignored.

“Big!”

Son Yu-jeong, who lowered her posture and twisted her waist, heated up her inorganic body.

"come."

The moment the corner of Nane's mouth lifted, her jet exploded with sparks in her eyes.

“Kiaaaaa!”

The elongated Yeouibong drew a trail of fire, and a sermon rushed in from the end of the universe.

behind the world.

After escaping from the Valley of Wailing, Etella and Chagall roamed Hell to find their village.

'It's too wide.'

In reality, if you walked more than 700 km, it was normal if something came out.

“Kuk!”

A tree branch brushed past Ethella's arm as she walked, lost in thought.

Everything in the forest was made of iron, so it was as good as being cut by a blade.

“You’re annoying me.”

Chagall, feeling the same pain through the chain, strode towards Etella.

“Are you not in your right mind? If you're going to die, you'll die alone. Don't let me get involved." Chagall's nerves were also extremely sensitive.

"sorry. But even after walking for days, you can't see anything like a village. I have to think.”

"why me? You're the only one trembling here. I'm just watching. The way you suffer from not being able to achieve what you want.”

“Do it in moderation! You fought enough to fight! How long are you going to bite me!”

"forever."

Chagall gave a fishy smile.

“You think I hate you? you're welcome. Compared to reality, this is paradise. at least you are real So keep crying. Please please me more.”

“… … You are trash.”

Ethella despaired.

“Trash without any sympathy. I should have ignored you from the start. Even if it’s not me, there are plenty of people who will take care of the garbage!”

Chagall, who raised his eyes in anger, pulled Ethella away and forced her to kiss her.

"don't do it!"

Ethella, losing her temper, pushed Chagall away and landed a powerful blow to the jaw.

The chains rattled, and the two men who received the same shock fell simultaneously.

“Aww… …

Chagall, who was properly hit by the Yin-Yang Wave Fist, turned over with difficulty and shook his shoulders.

“Kick Kick! Kick kick kick kick!”

There was only laughter.

“E-hehehe]! driving me crazy! Oh, how crazy I am!”

On the other hand, Ethella trembled in misery and held back the tears that flowed.

'Why me... …

than up.

Even knowing that, I hated the reality of being with this man.

'Let's wait. I'll overcome it.'

Thinking of Jin Seong-eum's pain, what had happened to him also comforted him a little.

Ethella stood up and said.

“Both of us are too sensitive. take a little break You don't want to be hurt by demons either.”

It was a word he said while controlling his mind superhumanly, but Chagall was not in his right mind.

“Kick-kick-kick! Aaah, people are going crazy! Ha ha ha ha!”

Ethella, who had been watching with an angry expression, lay on the floor and turned her back coldly.

'I shouldn't be with the other person.'

how much time has passed

'huh?'

Realizing that she was sleeping, Ethella hurriedly got up.

' what?'

Realizing that the scenery was completely different from the place she had fallen asleep, she looked around.

It was a place with soft soil, and even a small Ongdalsaem could be seen 10 meters ahead.

'Water, water.'

I wouldn't die if I didn't drink, but the pain of dehydration was no different from reality.

As I crawled there, Chagall, sitting near the water's edge, held a handful of soil to his nose.

“… … did you bring me?” Chagall was silent for a long time, and opened his mouth only after shaking off the dirt from his hands.

“I only moved because I smelled the water. My throat was burning and I was on the verge of going crazy.”

I was so dehydrated that even my memory was hazy.

'How is there water in hell?' The thought lasted for a moment, and Ethella plunged her lips into the water as if possessed by something of hers.

Gulp.

It sounded so cool that even those who heard it ran down their necks.

"ha! ha!"

When my mind came back clear, I finally had time to think about the next thing.

“Where is this?”

“I don’t know. Do you know that you've been wandering in the Iron Forest? It must be because there is a disorienting magnetic field.”

“No, why now… …

Realizing that there was no point in arguing, Ethella swallowed her words and sighed.

“Keep talking.”

Chagall stood up.

“If you are here, you can get some information. There is water, and it smells like a corpse. Perhaps this is an artificial place created using corpses. Otherwise there wouldn't be such a cozy place in hell.”

There was a point in what he said.

'But who? If there were any beings in hell who needed water, except for the living body, when the bushes swayed at that moment, Ethella stopped thinking and quickly turned her head.

A human voice was heard.

“What, who is there?” Plants that do not exist in reality, a group of groups appeared from a thicket that looked like animal remains.

All of them had a stern impression, and their prayers were unique, befitting the name Hell.

The one-eyed man widened his one eye.

"female? It is a woman.”

It was also an innocent atmosphere that did not match the dark hell where fallen souls gather.

“What are you guys?”

Chagall asked while sitting, but the seven assailants did not even pretend to hear.

“These have chains. These are the guys who got caught up. Let's see what bullshit

While doing... …

The man with the tongue split vertically lifted the chain and looked back and forth at Chagall and Etella.

“Oh, isn’t it a chain of fate?”

A riot broke out.

“It's exciting. Hey, what are you guys up to? What did you do? is it cheating? Or close relatives?”

Chagall stood up.

“I don’t know what they are doing, but get out of here. I will take over this place from now on.”

“Aigoo, is that so? These vulgar perverts. do you know who we are A serial killer who once ruled the world, man. They are really scary.” The man who came behind me without even a sign

He brought the hatchet to the scruff of Chagall's neck.

“Don't move. If you drop your head, you will be ignorant of the rest of your life in hell.”

With the two besieging Chagall, the remnant approached Ethella.

“Are you beautiful? I must have been bewitched by a man before I was alive. It's too much to use as food."

Etella backed away, but the chains attached to Chagall prevented her from gaining distance.

"stop."

Chagall said.

“The moment you touch her, you die.”

I got goosebumps even when he said it, but Etela's pain was his own.

“Puhahaha! Are you affectionate? Even if you fall into hell, love will protect you, right?”

The man holding Chagall from behind threatened him by tapping his neck with an axe.

“Don’t get me wrong, man. you are the worst So it fell here.”

'Tak-tak, tak-tak.'

Chagall, who memorized the rhythm of hitting the neck with his body, created a dagger in his right hand.

'A quick-fire sword.'

As I pierced Oneku's neck at great speed, I heard a pick and the sound of wind cutting.

"......uh?"

Only after blood spurted from the stuck blade did the killers understand the situation.

“You son of a bitch!”

Chagall, who bent his upper body at the speed of the axe, twisted his body and held out his left hand.

“Yup!”

At the same time as grabbing the man's neck, the rapid-fire sword in his right hand reciprocated rapidly.

Pupper pupper puck!

It looked like a vibration, and blood and intestines poured out at the same time from the abdomen where 17 blades were stuck.

“Turn it off… …

“What, a serial killer?”

As the man rolled his eyes and collapsed, Chagall turned around with a new dagger in his hand.

“Then, who wants to die?” The forest was silent.