[446] Mental Armament (1)

The two iron wheel eyes interlock to form the world, and everything changes within it.

That is the Sun and Moon Halo.

It is a technique that made Sein the strongest person in the Black Line mental system, allowing him to perfectly control the environment within the range of equalizing horizontal values.

That is, if the horizontal value is 100, it is possible to increase the force to 99 instead of reducing the speed to 1.

Depending on the setting, the transformation value is infinite, so the actual mechanism is not that intuitive, but depending on how you handle it, it contains formidable potential to defeat opponents superior to you.

- New program detection. quest.

Babel's halo immediately recognized the change in the world.

The biggest change was that Sein's speed was exceeding hers.

It's not that Sein has sped up or Babel has slowed down.

To be precise, it was the result of equalizing the relative speed of the two objects.

Babel's deadly response method, which had reached 2.7 billion, fell sharply to only 2 million.

It's been a long time since Babel calculated this far for a single individual, and a human at that.

Of course, there are still 2 million possibilities to instantly kill the world.

But what really scares Babel is that it's a completely unruly program that doesn't even feel relieved about it.

No carelessness, no impatience.

Babel only repeated the existing calculations and dutifully pressured the world.

'It's really tricky.'

It was mental power that Sain, who equalized hundreds of environments that led to an advantage in battle, dropped to level the level.

His Spirit Zone was as huge as Jonah's, as he was one of the few spirit-type wizards, but it was now reduced to an area of ​​only 20 square meters.

Babel went into close combat without delay.

If the number of deadly countermeasures increased to 830,000, there was no reason to refuse.

'It's a monster. There is no gap at all.'

It was a force that even Sein, who had dealt with numerous strong people, had no choice but to stick out his tongue.

It wasn't a transcendent ability, but the combat power derived from the flawless algorithm was comparable to that of an angel.

keying! keying!

Every time Babel's capital brushed Sein's cheek, a sharp roar pierced his eardrum.

'I'm already caught in a trap.'

There was a feeling that Babel was beginning to be sure of something.

Can't stand it.

If things went on like this, Sein's head would fall off in the next 10 seconds.

-Death response method: 32,564.

A cause produces an effect, and the effect in turn becomes the cause of a new effect.

The number of countermeasures dropped exponentially as all causal factors that occurred from the beginning of the battle contributed to the current outcome.

And that meant only one thing.

'Die!'

Even at the moment Sein was convinced, the rebels couldn't move.

Only Sein was aware of the definite death.

Aaaaaang!

Then, a huge steel pillar slammed down in front of my eyes.

Before even checking the barbell on the floor, Sain raised his head.

The armored body, which reached a height of 30 meters, was in the posture of striking the ground with its arms.

It was a titan belonging to the 3rd level of the mecha combat system.

Even in the rebel headquarters, there were only three pieces of equipment, and the power of the heat flash cannon created with the formidable physical force and magnetic pulses that approached 3,000 tons in mass was the best among mecha technologies.

It required hundreds of thousands of elixirs and thousands of tons of minerals to produce one, and even the programs that make up the system were not designed by anyone.

If you need a Piper to operate the Kuroi, then the Titan cannot be controlled without riding the Kuroi.

This is because it takes 10 tons of physical strength just to move one of the Titan's arms.

It was an extremely sensitive equipment compared to its size because it was a method of transmitting power in order of Piper, Kuroi, and Titan, so the combat power varied greatly depending on the skill of the pilot.

The person on board Titan Unit 1, which crushed Babel, was a genius pilot and rebel commander, Crude.

It wasn't that he intervened because he knew that Sein was dangerous. It was the confidence that I could definitely defeat it now.

However, that confidence was shattered by the mighty force rushing into the control panel a moment later.

“Aww!”

Hearing the scraping of iron, Babel lifted the Titan's gigantic palm with both hands.

When Crude pulled the control stick, the plasma engine delivered power with a powerful roar as if about to explode.

The more he did, the faster Babel's halo rotated.

Eventually, it spread like Nova, pushing out the ridiculous weight and pulling the body out.

Aaaaaaaang!

When the Titan's palm crashed again, the ground ruptured and a pillar of earth tens of meters high rose.

Sein retreated as if sliding and covered the battlefield.

Kuroi's fire net embroidered the sky, and the two remaining Titans fired their heat flash cannons at the flying Babel.

Kanya and Lena, who lost their fathers, were also among the members fighting frantically.

"die!"

Kanya burst into tears and pulled the trigger.

However, it was impossible to hit an object faster than a bullet.

- Babel Program: Activated the wide-area combat system.

-Target: All.

- Battle pattern: Slaughter.

-Deadly response method: 7.

Babel, which applied the new algorithm, ran across the battlefield at terrifying speed.

Every Kuroi in the spot where the silver flash passed exploded and collapsed.

thud! thud! thud! thud!

Every time the three Titans hit the ground, vibrations were transmitted to the feet of the three people tens of meters away.

'I can't defeat Kuroiro. He is already an enemy beyond the scope of comparison of force.'

Crud followed the barbell with his exquisite piloting skills.

It was a speed that was difficult to catch up with the human eye, but the trajectory of Babel was still drawn on the radar.

However, it was to measure the inertia, and it was entirely up to the pilot to hit the target.

'It's here!'

Boaaaaaang!

The Titan's shoulders opened, and a black, cavernous muzzle protruded, firing a thermal flash cannon.

- Evasion chance: 0%. Get into a defensive posture.

Babel stopped flying and crossed his arms in an X. At the same time, a terrifying flash of light hauled the metal body to the ground.

Aaaaaaaang!

A barbell bent at the knees was standing in the place where the earth turned dark red and melted like lava, spewing out smoke.

'damn! What the hell is it made of?'

To be sure, it is absolutely not a pure mineral.

But it didn't even come to mind which alloy could be used to achieve such thermal durability.

'Ten seconds.'

If the energy of the heat flash cannon could be concentrated for more than 10 seconds, even the world's barbell would have no choice but to melt.

However, having calculated that far, Crude smiled bitterly.

It was only natural when you consider what a barbell could do in 10 seconds.

As time passed, the victims came one after another.

Even though Sain equalized all the environments to be unfavorable to Babel, he was pushed back.

'weird. It's really strange.'

Sein realized it only after taking a step back from the battle.

That machine is by no means man-made.

It only looked like a machine, and the internal program was far beyond human battery.

Angel's work? or what more?

That was the extent of Babel's strangeness that Sein felt.

- Changed the battle system.

When the number of rebels decreased by the set amount, Babel finally stopped working.

“Now! Power attack!”

Crude gave an immediate order, and thousands of bullets hit her.

Babel's body, which spattered sparks, was like the flame itself.

- Activate map weapon. Codename Babel.

Babel finally revealed his true value of existence.

When I bent my upper body like a bow, my neck fell off and went behind my back, and then my chest opened.

The gun barrel with glass balls was exposed, and the arms and legs were embedded in the ground to serve as a support while the upper body fell behind the legs.

Kurrrrrrr!

An electrical phenomenon occurred in front of Babel's glass sphere as he aimed at the Titan.

“Heat flash cannon! Plug it straight in!”

Crude, who felt the crisis, concentrated six muzzles on three Titans.

Direct fire at the ground with a wide-area strike weapon was a combat rule that was not in the manual, but it was not in a position to cover it now.

Six thermal flash cannons rushed toward Babel, and at the same time, huge photoelectric cannons were fired from Babel's glass spheres.

As the two energies collided, the entire command center was as bright as daylight, and the world was filled with the sound of burning.

Crude's Titan, with a hole pierced in one shoulder, staggered as if it would collapse at any moment.

“Keugh! damn!"

-Babel test launch completed. firing operation.

Light particle cannons were fired from Babel's muzzle in all directions as if ignoring the previous power.

Literally a map weapon.

The firepower was enough to devastate the entire headquarters within one minute.

"damn! I can't!”

Sain ran to Babel and tried a last resort.

Let's put the equalizing of the sun, moon and halo into Babel's system! My mind wandered as if I was dreaming.

'What the hell is this... … .'

A lax and complex system that even those who have trained their minds countless times will fall into the swamp of oblivion.

A ray of blue light penetrated the center of those numerous circuits.

* * *

"haha."

In the stillness of Niflheim, where everything was frozen, only the breathing of the guide could be heard.

Even he, who had made a contract with the Ice Spirit, didn't seem able to hold out for a few more hours.

It was only natural that even the Salamander, a tier 2 monster, could no longer raise the flames.

They didn't just freeze to death, but the shadow of the corpse was creeping towards their ankles.

Kang Nan barely opened his frozen mouth.

“Where the hell is Hel? Couldn't you have gone the wrong way?"

The guide answered in a dying voice.

“I just came as I was taught. More than that, I... … I don't know… … .”

The guide was paying a heavy price for his greed.

The idea of ​​taking a mountain of black elixirs and becoming the ruler of the mainland was just a mirage in front of the reality.

“This, no more… … .”

Just as the guide was about to say his will, Zulu's steps stopped.

The severe cold was driving her body into a terrible state, but her face was still calm.

“Gaold, over there.”

A huge shadow was moving under the ice sheet where Zulu pointed.

Tiny shadows streamed in from all sides, merged, and stood up in the shape of a convex bell, soaring above the ice.

enemy?

In any case, it was the first change that appeared after killing the group of Grim Reapers.

Also, that was the reason Gaold had been patient and followed the guide all the way here.

For a moment no one moved.

It was a perfectly natural sight in Niflheim, but everything changed as the rising darkness gradually revealed its reality.

Cuckoo Cuckoo Cuckoo!

As the ice swayed, Kang Nan kept his balance and glared at the darkness.

Something 10 meters tall, wearing a white robe on a black background, was rising into the sky.

No legs were visible, and the ends of the robes split into dozens of pieces and fluttered.

'This… … tremendous!'

Kang Nan bit his teeth and took a fighting stance.

The sun was getting dark.

Cheeik!

I turned my head at the sound I heard from below, and the Salamander's flames were completely extinguished and it was starting to freeze.

“Uh, uh uh?”

The guide made a startled noise.

Excitement was rising from the tip of his toes. But when the ecstasy reached his head, he had already turned into a frozen corpse.

"It's a lot of magical power."

Zulu erased Salamander's corpse and focused.

Which boss to cast would depend on the opponent's alignment.

“I am Hell, the god of death.”

Gaold's eyebrows twitched.

“Wanderers of Niflheim, I will supply and demand your lives.”

“Quack.”

Gaold strode forward even with an opponent who was incomparable to the Grim Reaper.

Salamander is gone, so from now on you will have to start the fire with your body.

“Indeed, it was like that. It wasn't local.”

The king of Niflheim, the land of the dead.

That was the identity of Hel.

---------------------------------------