[111] Report card at the end of the semester (3)

“Of course it is strange. But that's just the realm of the senses. It's a sentence that doesn't have any problems mathematically.”

Iruki's pride in mathematics was enormous. How bad would it have been for humanities teachers to have given the exam paper a score of 0?

Sirone decided to use the last resort.

“Aren’t you going to get promoted?”

“Huh! shit!"

Iruki couldn't help but fall to his knees at those words. He died when he died, but he didn't want to join Kanis's juniors. & nbsp;

As Iruki returned to solving the problem, Shirone returned to her seat and sighed.

'If I do this in a real test, it's terrible, really.'

Nade asked, taking his eyes off the book as if he had suddenly thought of it.

“Ah, come to think of it, the practical exam is next week. Did you guys practice a lot?”

Shirone and Iruki asked at the same time.

“What test is it?”

“Damn it. didn't you know what it was? It's a heartbeat test. Spirit Zone Endurance Assessment.”

“Do I really need to practice? Sirone and I can get more than 80 points. Why are you anxious?”

"no. Still, there are many variables in practice. Unlike other items, it is a relative evaluation. If others do better, our score goes down. I wonder if I should point it out at least once.”

“It’s okay, it’s okay. I don't have time.”

Iruki focused on solving the problem without listening to it with the back of his ear. If you deal with the spirit zone at the class five level, how much will you deal with? Iruki thought that the practical exam was an unconditional pass.

Sirone said while solving a math problem.

“Let me pass too. I just can't afford to worry about that."

Nade also had his own confidence. But it was also true that he would have a hard time getting a higher score than the first two.

'hmm. What do we do?'

If you think it's really difficult, just ask. However, taking up friends' time just because they were anxious was like using the rules.

'I don't know. I just need to be in the top 10 anyway.'

Nade stopped thinking and started studying. The efficiency of the study group is destroyed if each person fails to do their share of 33.3 percent. 

We do our best to cooperate for the benefit of the whole, but the result is not something that others win anyway.

* * *

Image Zone Practice Center.

Originally, it was the time when the advanced class integration class was held, but currently there were only class five students.

It was the infamous practice evaluation period that drove Sirone into a corner several times. In particular, with the end of the semester approaching, students' tension was higher than ever.

Entering the Image Zone, Ethella spread out the 20-meter-diameter Spirit Zone as always and began to explain.

“The item to be evaluated today is the Mental Beat Test. It’s a test of how long you can sustain a change in the spirit zone.”

Ethella extended both hands left and right and pointed far away. A black rod of unknown material rose high, and unknown characters were engraved on the surface.

“The evaluation standard is 20 meters in diameter, which is the distance from end to end of the rod. If you are in a lower spirit zone, you cannot take the test. Of course, none of you will be less than 20 meters.”

Etella contracted the Spirit Zone. When the number on the electric signboard measuring the volume of the zone fell below 2 cubic meters, a buzzer sounded from the sound device.

“When the buzzer rings, it is one cycle. The measurement time is 30 seconds and points are awarded according to the number of beats in the spirit zone. I rarely practiced with the recorder on, so I'll show you a demonstration first.”

When Etela sent a signal, the image zone's mind beating mode activated. At the same time, Etela's spirit zone thumped like a heart, repeating expansion and contraction.

"wow… … .”

The sight of a 20-meter-diameter spirit zone dropping to less than 2 meters in diameter and then unfolding again in an instant was spectacular. The cycle was not particularly fast, but the repeated contraction and expansion was intense, as if reminiscent of an explosion.

pop! pop! pop! pop!

The sound machine, one of the functions of Image Zone, calculated the speed of expansion and exploded. 

It wasn't just about implementing sound to add excitement. Understanding the intangible image zone with the five senses provided the highest efficiency for magic training.

After 30 seconds, the number 30 points appeared on the notification board. It was like beating once a second.

According to my seniors, I had to get at least 90 points to get into the promotion cutoff. 3 beats per second. Based on Etella's demonstration, the children finally checked the strategies they had prepared so far.

After the demonstration, Etella put her hands behind her back and said.

“In practice, it is often necessary to convert zones of various shapes at high speed. Mental pulse is the basic training, so it is important to keep working hard even after practical training is over. Then we will proceed with the evaluation.”

Based on the results of the speed gun test they took the other day, the children started coming out from the back row. As expected, most of the rankings were similar to last time, perhaps because it is difficult to improve one's skills in one or two months.

With the students recording their grades one by one, with the lowest score being 48, Nade's turn came. Since he was in the upper-middle rank in the speed gun test, he had no choice but to take the test much earlier than Shirone and Iruki.

“Nade, do your best.”

“Whoa, I’m nervous.”

Nade entered the image zone with the support of Sirone and Iruki, closed his eyes and focused his mind. She opened her eyes with a start-up sound and her spirit zone expanded. John beat at a rapid pace, like a heart beating with all its might.

"wow! What is this, Nade?”

The children's eyes widened. It had only been 10 seconds, but it was already breaking 50 points. The beat of 5 times per second came as a tremendous force to the people watching.

“Weren’t you originally in the middle rank? At this level, you will definitely enter the top ranks, right?”

“After playing with Sirone, your skills improved a lot, right? If we knew it would be like this, we would join the study group.”

"I know. Aren't those kids studying hard these days? Even Iruki, who was idle every day, never skipped a class.”

After 30 seconds, Nade's grades came out. Episode 173. Accelerating in the last 10 seconds helped improve the score.

“Good work, Nade.”

Etella recorded the score with a hearty smile. She felt even better because the disciple she was in charge of was doing well.

'Well, I expected this much from the beginning.'

Nade came back with his tongue out as if embarrassed. After high-fiving her friends, he said as he sat down.

“Whoa, I thought I was going to die from nervousness.”

"good job. once passed one It's just the two of us left.”

As if stimulated by Nade, the subsequent participants took the test with all their might. However, scores higher than 173 never came out.

With Nade sticking to first place, Iruki, who is second to last, entered the image zone. Iruki, who was standing without any sign of nervousness, activated his Servant ability as soon as he started.

The method of designing the mechanism of expansion and contraction in advance and repeating it like a machine would not be very useful in practice, but it produced the highest efficiency in the test.

The score thus obtained is 210 points.

The children looked at the score with absurd expressions. It was a number that could not come out without recording 7 beats per second like a machine without increasing or decreasing the speed.

“Ha, that’s great too. Is even the mind an equation? You bastard, you probably didn’t do this right.”

“You can’t. Because it's a Servant. It must be hard for even Sirone to win this time, right?”

Then I heard a voice pouring cold water on the heated heat from behind.

“Heh, talking about scores that aren’t a big deal. Class Five seems to be a gathering place for pathetic people.”

The moment the hot students looked back, each one opened his eyes wide with an expression as if he had seen a ghost. Kanis and Arin, who were supposed to be enrolled in the next semester, were watching the practical evaluation.

Etella, who was recording the students' scores, asked.

"huh? Those two, what's going on?"

“The principal said it would be nice to go on a field trip. I have come to see how the test is conducted.”

"Oh, I see. then come this way Because it looks good from here.”

Kanis' brow wrinkled. Does that woman really have a quarrel with her master? She was not in a hurry during the battle, but when she watched the class, she was like an idiot.

'Are you doing this on purpose? Or are you really stupid?'

In any case, it was also true that he was interested in exams. Kanis took Arin and stood behind the participants.

“How are you, Arin? What do you see?”

“I did a lot of heart rate training until I got tired of it. Because my master told me to pull it up unconditionally. If it were me, I could easily pass 250 points.”

Arin is a spirit-type wizard. Spirit John's stamina was second to none, especially since he had to freely handle the tentacle type, which was the most difficult among John's forms.

'As expected, Arcane's disciples. It's on a different level from us.'

After hearing Arin's words, the students were intimidated. They were also descendants of aristocratic families, but anyone who aims to become a wizard dreams of becoming a direct disciple of a great wizard. Even though they came from the slums, in terms of magic, the two of them had been on the elite course of the elite.

'joy. But we also have a secret weapon.'

When Sirone, the last turn, entered the image zone, the students cheered for him with one voice.

As they regained their memories, they also knew that Sirone had subdued Canis. As much as that, I wanted to show my true self this time as well.

Sirone took a deep breath in the center of the Image Zone. Since Yiruki scored 210 points, she had no problem getting a promotion even if she was just a fringe.

However, Sirone's eyes were different from before. As long as he had a firm goal, he had no intention of taking the test in moderation, even if it wasn't for Canis.

Starting from Etela's signal, the device turned on, and Sirone made the spirit zone beat at its highest level from the start.

It is difficult to evenly divide one second without an accurate design like Iruki. However, humans have a very accurate human body clock called a sense of rhythm.

Sirone added John's beats to the rhythm and accelerated it. The sound machine exploded with a series of hits that sounded like a drum line.

Puff pup pup pup pup!

The children couldn't close their gaping mouths. I watched Sirone's demonstration without blinking, but I was able to properly check the spirit zone only about once a second.

“I can’t… … . How many times per second is that?”

Multiple spirit zones were moving at the same time, so it was impossible to count by eye. Students waited for 10 seconds. After a while, a huge number of 120 points was printed on the display board.

“12 times per second… … .”

Can you imagine a 20-meter-diameter sphere contracting 12 times per second? I was just watching with my own eyes, no one knew what was going on inside. Only the exploding explosions and the numbers counting at a tremendous speed proved that Sirone's spirit was beating.

Even Canis and Arin were stunned and watched the demonstration. Arin, in particular, had an expression of disbelief. If the heart rate increases to that extent, the mind collapses first, leaving the speed.

How quickly you can stretch from the smallest circle to the largest circle and how long you can withstand the shock when contracted were the key to the beat.

In that sense, the demonstration presented by Sirone was the highest level that maximized both speed and durability.

'Geumgang Bulgogi.'

Etella grasped Sirone's state at a glance.

'It's really great. That child's potential is completely unfathomable.'

Even Ethel wasn't sure where Sirone was now. When I thought I was here, I was already far away.

---------------------------------------