After all, humans (1)

Amy and Nane built a campfire.

Fish from the nearby river were being cooked to a golden brown on wooden skewers.

' looks delicious.'

Amy's stomach, which had received a signal from her brain, growled.

“O”

I said with a smile

“Anyway, the meal was modest.”

To Amy, who ate high-calorie military food, Nane's diet was clearly poor.

“Speak comfortably. We're the same age.”

“I will be two years younger.”

If you are a Buddha of the era, you don't have to ask about your talent, but when you hear about your age, your stomach hurts.

“Are you an adult now? I am a real genius.”

“It is not a matter of time.”

“No, it is a matter of time. The faster you think, the slower time passes.”

When Nane uses her brain power to its fullest, time barely passes in a standstill.

“Don't get too excited. Sirone-san's insight is also formidable. His reasoning goes beyond logic.”

Amy's expression changed to friendly.

Hearing that Nane acknowledged Sirone, an unknown sense of relief came over me.

“Can we not fight?”

The world is heading towards catastrophe, but I thought that maybe the answer is close.

“Can’t you solve it by talking to Sirone? he's a reasonable person I'm sure you can find other answers.”

“I know.”

It was the same with me.

“But you don't have to. It is because even now, in this world, many sirones and many nane are arguing.”

It was a world full of opinions.

“In the process, many people are suffering. No need to talk. It is time to implement it.”

"I do not know."

I understand in my head, but... … .

“The reason I fight for humanity is because I want to be happy in the end. Neither Sirone nor you can understand why you are trying to shoulder so many things.”

"yes. It is human beings who think so.”

“You are human too.”

I shut my mouth.

“You said you would love me to get to know Sirone. Actually, I don't even understand that, but I think I know one thing.”

Amy opened her mouth with a pitiful expression.

“This person is really lonely too.” Nane's eyes flickered.

“No one will ever understand your enlightenment. That's why I'm carrying everything on my back, but... …

like sirone.

“At least you can tell that you are fighting a lonely battle. therefore

You can give up when it's hard, and you can cry when you're sad. You are a human being before you are a Buddha.”

That moment.

A single tear ran down Nane's cheek.

'Poor person.'

The reason I'm not surprised to see Nane's tears is because I've already seen Sirone's tears.

These were the tears of Nane, a human being, not a Buddha.

"sorry. this… …

Just as Nane was about to wipe away her tears, Amy approached and slowly held out her hand.

“I really don’t understand.”

Her thumb wiped under Nane's eyes.

“It’s so different… …

They're really two different people.

“It looks the same as crying.”

The moment he saw Amy's face looking at him with the same eyes as Sirone.

Nane's heart started beating fast.

Gaold came to his senses.

“Where are you?”

A state of lying sprawled in the middle of a dense forest where no human being can be found.

“How much time has passed?”

I asked myself, but I already remembered

The brain that was thrown away didn't answer anything.

“Big!”

The nerves along Gaold's neck quivered as the pain overtook him again.

'Coming again.'

Life was on the rise.

“Aaaaaaa!”

Because alive.

The terrible pain that he had to feel for that reason alone paralyzed his reason.

“Quack! Kuck!”

Even in the midst of shedding bloody tears, laughter leaked out of Gaold's lungs.

“Can I tell you something fun?”

no matter how painful

“I will not die.”

It was not the pain of self-reciprocating mutations that made Gaold today, but the patience to endure it.

“Okay.”

As the pain showed signs of abating, Gaold crawled into a crawling position and leaned against a tree.

“Haaaa… …

The pleasure rushing in at the end of the pain made my vision blurry, and I saw an unknown illusion.

At some point, to reduce the shock, the brain was spurting endorphins far beyond normal.

“Hehehehe.”

Filled with pleasure, Gaold let out a foolish laugh and twitched his limbs.

The reason why he left Gangnan and Zulu and became alone was because he didn't want to show his current appearance.

“It’s a maze.”

In the landscape flickering like electricity, I saw the vision of Miro crying with a sad face.

“Don’t cry.”

Because that's what life is all about.

"don't cry."

The memory of Gauld, whose pupils were being released, began to pass over to the other side of oblivion again.

“There it is.”

Minerva, carrying Taeseong on a jet, pointed at the disastrous scene unfolding on the ground.

"oh my god… …

A trail that Gaold committed while losing his memory.

As if a meteorite fell from the sky, creators were formed one after another along 100 kilometers.

Fried, who was riding Amanta's world wheel together, muttered with a tired expression.

“It's the power of a planet. Do you have the skills to endure this?”

Minerva turned her head to Taeseong, whose face was as pale as white paper.

“Be patient. You should be able to catch up soon.”

Thing said.

“Gaold was running out of control and time wasted. If you don't cooperate, it's a way to deal with it.”

The five major castles of the Ivory Tower, which were going directly to Lian, hurriedly changed their direction at the sudden abrogation.

'I'm going to ignore it, but... …

The planet was on the verge of being destroyed if the magic of the half-mad Gauld was not stopped.

“It ended there.”

After passing through the forest, the river, and the area that was all wasteland, a thick forest unfolded.

"found."

Sing captured Gaold with the law and turned, the rest followed.

"ha. ha."

When we reached the forest, Gaold was stumbling with all sorts of filth spilling out.

“Damn it.”

Contrary to expectations, the apostate wizard who beat Taeseong was nothing more than a piece of meat in the shape of a human.

"You're a complete idiot."

“Kick-kick-kick.”

After briefly returning to focus, Gaold burst into laughter when he saw Taeseong and the four other five Daesung.

I didn't miss their prestige, but my mind was already soaked in endorphins.

“Hey, where is the Central Continent?”

No one answered Gaold's questions.

“I have to go to the battlefield, but as you can see, my brain has gone crazy. Where are you going?”

In fact, Gaold was heading towards the Central Continent, but Minerva did not want to reveal it.

“Mykea Gaold, the former president of the Tormia Magic Association.”

Despite the title he hadn't heard in a long time, Gaold opened his eyes in a daze and cleared his throat.

“We are the Five Stars of the Ivory Tower. And this person is the apex of the ivory tower and the incarnation of the planet, Taeseong.”

Gaold's gaze shifted to the pale Taeseong.

"Nice to meet you."

Taeseong tried to smile even in the midst of hardship, but Gaold's gaze returned indifferently.

“So what?”

Fried grabbed the handle of his sword and took a step, but Minerva stopped him.

“I respect you as a wizard who has reached the state of apostasy. However, if it is already out of control, Taeseong

It is true that it is a threat.”

Gaold listened intently.

“Going to the Central Continent must mean that you still have the will to fight. yes i will ask Good and evil, what are you fighting for?”

“Kick.”

He wanted to hold back as much as possible, but Gaold couldn't stand the ridicule that erupted from within.

“You are talking bullshit.”

With the utmost courtesy, Minerva had no choice but to frown this time.

said Gaold, raising his chin.

“Looking at you, you guys really like beliefs. If you decide on something and follow it, do you guys feel like you're doing something great?”

Amanta turned the world wheel.

“Cover your words and do it.”

It was an obvious threat, but instead, Gaold tore his mouth and compressed the air in front of his eyes.

“How am I supposed to live?” Even breathing and living day by day is so hard that I'm dying.

“Good and evil?”

The atmosphere shook terribly as the fist-sized air bullets exerted tremendous pressure.

“What do I know about that!”

Aaaaaaaaagh!

At the same time as the air gun was fired with a roaring sound, four members of the Oh Dae-seong flew away.

“Pooh!”

Freed, who had drawn his sword before he knew it, touched the ground several tens of meters away.

'If it hits, I'll go to the goal.'

A tunnel was extending along the trajectory as if a huge awl had pierced nature.

"crane. crane."

Gaold's eyes widened as he let out a rough breath.

“Aaaaaaa!” Another wave of pain struck his nerves, causing his limbs to shake violently up and down.

“Poor human.”

Minerva, wearing Taeseong over her shoulder, returned to her original position and looked at Gaold.

“Don’t try. What have you already achieved? The world was saved thanks to you. It means you can rest now. Even the woman you love anyway... …

Minerva hesitated for a moment.

“I have already forgotten you and become the true polar line.”

“The extreme line… … did it?” I had already thought that would be the case and left, so it wasn't particularly shocking.

but.

“You guys don’t know the maze.”

Gaold had no intention of stopping.

“Yeah, never know… …

As the hedonic substances flooded in again, the vision of the weeping maze flickered.

"iced coffee."

Singh covered his nose in displeasure as filth leaked through Gaold's pants.

“Wouldn’t it be nice to deal with it here? I think I'm out of my mind. I can’t see you as a human anymore.”

In a situation where an important battle was ahead, the madman who had reached the state of destruction could not be left behind.

“Human... … Can't you see?”

Gaold looked at Thing with a bashful smile.

"eat."

The gaze moved to Fried.

"Sleep."

And again to Minerva.

“Cheap.”

Gaold, who was shaking his legs at the pleasure that hit his brain, asked with a sneer.

“What do you think is different?” “Answer me, stars of the ivory tower. Do you feel like you're a great person because you're playing on top of the world? Sitting on the toilet, pooping, talking about the universe and good and evil... … . Uhhhhh!”

Minerva's expression crumpled.

'It's crazy.'

Gaold's laughter stopped.

“That is enlightenment. What you think is the furthest away from you is what's inside your stomach. Got it, the world's most expensive pooping machines?”

"decided."

Fried grabbed his sword and moved on.

“I’ll take care of it here.” As if he had been hoping, Gaold flicked the back of his hand, which was lying weakly on the ground.

“Cheuk, come on.”

Although he couldn't expect any fighting power from his drooping figure with his back leaning against a tree.

'… … Is this Gaold?'

No one in Oh Dae-seong jumped recklessly.

"What are you doing? Are you going to jump?”

Behind Gaold, who was viciously tearing at his mouth, an endless superheated hell spread out.