[104] Geumgangseung (4)

Iruki, who was lying on the table, said.

“Have you done anything in the meantime? He said he chased and beat me up until yesterday.”

Amy didn't even have the energy to get angry. She probably does as well as Iruki. She didn't want to lift a finger in the stress she'd been through for a week.

said Amy, resting her chin on the bed.

“I know because the situation is like this. But there are people who are fighting for Sirone right now.”

Nade, who had been watching the sit-in through the window, intervened.

“Anyway, our side is mostly in the low-level or advanced class. On the other hand, most of the protesters are seniors. If they really come in, you can't stop them.”

Seriel said.

“It will be fine for now. We have teachers. The principal is like that, Shiina-sensei and Etella-sensei are on our side.”

"That's because the senior doesn't know. those... … Your behavior has been questionable since yesterday.”

"huh? What?”

Seriel turned to Nade and asked, but Iruki answered.

“Some people seemed to be missing. It's especially strange that Amira and Fermi are missing. At least one person has to stay and agitate.”

Amy screamed in a fit of fuss.

"hey! You talk respectfully to Seriel, but why do you keep talking bad things about me?”

Iruki looked away as if it was annoying. He had no particular reason anyway. He just had the simple idea that if he was Sirone's girlfriend, he was also a friend to herself.

As the door to the infirmary opened, Alpheas entered with Shiina and Etela. Due to the persistence of the student council, the faces of the teachers were also fading day by day.

“You have a lot of trouble. How about Sirone-kun?”

“As you can see… … It is the same.”

"okay. It is unavoidable.”

Now Alpheas couldn't help but question. A week has already passed. If some Absolute appeared and said that Sirone would come to life, he could wait a year or ten years. However, the problem was that no one could prove that Sirone would return alive. It was a race against time.

“I will cast a spell on Sirone.”

Amy and Seriel opened the way. Alpheas put his hand on Sirone's chest and cast a slow magic. It was an embalming treatment that could be done without harming the body.

After finishing the magic, Alpheas retreated again. Now Sirone will be able to get through another day.

But until when? Now, the teachers are silently watching, but as time goes by, the voices of dissatisfaction have no choice but to come out.

Shiina stared at Sirone and stroked her hair. The more she thought about it, the more unfair and resentful she was. To think that a promising wizard would end up like this before he even blossomed.

'That's why I said I should stop it.'

Sirone passed the overflow well. But what he got in return was frequent contact with Immortal Function. At that time, Etella said she would take all responsibility. He had no intention of criticizing now. If Sirone was wrong, she would spend her whole life comforting Sirone's soul.

"teacher! It's a big deal!”

Seriel shouted. Amy and Nade were also looking out the window, unable to hide their anger. Shiina walked to the window. Amira and Fermi, who had not been seen until yesterday, were pushing documents toward the infirmary.

“On behalf of the students of Alpheas School of Magic, I will file a complaint against all teachers! Please allow me to take over the recruits of Principal Alpheas!”

Shiina's back ached. In the end, her concerns came to an end. The student council had super strength. It meant that not only Alpheas, but also the punishment of other teachers would be enforced.

When a complaint is filed, the situation escalates out of control. If the family of the student side intervened, the school would collapse without any room for repair.

When Shiina opened the window, the demonstrators instantly fell silent.

“What the hell is this all about? Is it the job of the student council to incite students to shake the school?”

Amira walked towards the window.

“It is not incitement. We don't want to go this far either. That's why I haven't filed a complaint yet. But there are too many questions. It's already been 7 days since Sirone died. Still, the teaching staff is reluctant to announce anyone.”

“Sirone is not dead. He’s just in a state of suspended animation.”

“There can be no suspended animation without a beating heart. I also don't understand why corruption isn't progressing. Wouldn't it be possible with Principal Alpheas's magic?"

The student council seemed to have come to that conclusion. It was an accurate prediction. 

But there are things in the world where you shouldn't judge based on results alone. The student council couldn't understand why Sirone had to be embalmed.

The origin of the problem was the immortal function. Even a student at a magic school knew nothing about the realm of nirvana, so he had no choice but to respond emotionally.

“It is as you think. Currently, Sirone is preventing corruption with slow magic.”

Shiina readily admitted. She made a fuss not only with the student council, but also with the oppositional children blocking her entrance.

“Are you admitting to the charges?”

“It’s too soon, Amira. Suspicion is a word that can be used in case the teachers think about escaping by using Sirone as a shield.”

“Teacher is right. However, I have not heard of any circumstantial grounds to judge it at present. The student council cannot understand this kind of response from the faculty.”

“Teachers did not acknowledge Sirone’s death. He's also not thinking about getting out. So I ask for your understanding.”

“Sir, sirone's death is sad for us too. However, the student council does not want their precious alma mater to fall like this.”

“I understand that you cannot trust the current teachers. But we also thought carefully and made the best decision. It will be your judgment whether you believe it or not.”

Amira savored Sirone's words. She couldn't rule out the possibility that her teachers were aware of something she was missing. A human being is a being who believes in what he thinks is right.

But no matter how many times I thought about it, I couldn't understand it. Sirone is already dead. No, he honestly felt good just to have all the teachers around him, dead or alive.

'Is it right to go this way? Am I rational? What if Sirone survives? But that can never happen... … .'

Amira also did not want to sue unless it was for the position of student council president. However, if she is defeated, the damage will be to her students.

Fermi, who was watching, did not like the way Amira was conflicted. Thinking that the plate might break if we continue like this, we decided to go ahead.

“In the end, a compromise cannot be found. Then we have no choice but to use the last resort.”

Shiina looked at Fermi with a displeased expression. She was the first student like that in her four years of teaching. Although she possessed great talent, she was more adept at hiding it.

Believe in lies, and enjoy using that power to control the situation. This may also be a necessary ability for a wizard, but it was not a skill that a student should have.

“Heh, whether you file a complaint or not, do whatever you want. In the end, you will be the ones who will regret it.”

“Okay, let's do it! First of all, we will take care of Sirone's body and proceed with the complaint process! So let's go! We will rescue Sirone with our own strength!”

Fermi advanced to the infirmary, led by the seniors. There was no one who could stop them who were already caught up in crowd psychology.

“Let's hold Sirone's funeral and accuse the teachers! The owner of the school is not the teachers, but the students!”

"for a moment! Don't do this!”

The students of the Syrone faction, including Maria, stood in their way. However, it did not have much effect and the road was soon opened. The side with Fermi was mostly seniors like the sky. Numerical superiority was meaningless if it went into a skill event.

“Aren’t you doing too much? Still, the life of a student at the same school is at stake!”

Mark stood at the corner of the road with his unique pulpit. However, in the eyes of the graduating class, the juniors in Class 7 were not even worth talking to.

At that moment, a window on the third floor was broken. As debris fell, the students rushed back. Nade jumped off the building. The protesters frowned as the fly magic wind pushed away the dust from the ground.

Nade raised his head slowly, and life blazed in his eyes.

“Turn it all off, before I kill you. No one can lay a finger on Sirone.”

When the situation came to this, Amira gave up her thoughts and took action. She was already spilled water, and when she is pushed from her momentum, even public opinion is pushed.

“What is this? Don't you know it's not going to be a waste of time? And you say that you are killed by a senior? Where did you learn this habit?”

Nade didn't hear a word. He only had the thought of protecting Shirone.

“Do you want to take Sirone with you? If so, go all in. Instead, life cannot be guaranteed.”

A bluish bolt floated above Nade's head and scattered powerful lightning bolts around him. It was lightning magic lightning. But more terrifying than that was the plasma rising from Nade.

Amira widened her distance, showing a look of bewilderment.

'How the advanced class uses plasma... … .'

To cast plasma magic, you must build a super-high temperature battery or implement virtual super-high temperature as omnipotence. 

However, since the former method was not developed, all plasma wizards belong to the latter, and it was difficult to reach because it was not something that could be learned through theory.

Iruki looked down at Nade with displeased eyes.

'Stupid bastard. I've been patient with it until now.' 

The only person in the school who knew about Nade's past was Iruki. Five years ago, Nade was a completely different person than he is now. But he put on his mask, vowing never to show his face again. But now he has taken off the mask. Only to protect Sirone.

'If I do this, I'll feel a little sorry.'

Iruki smiled bitterly and turned around. And like the man he never was, he slipped out of his infirmary without anyone noticing.

The protesters were quite embarrassed. Even in his senior year, he knew how dangerous plasma was because there were licorns called electric monsters.

Nade glared at Amira and said.

“Finally, a warning. go away."

“Why are you doing this? What does protecting a friend who is already dead mean to you?”

“Sirone is not dead.”

Nade shed tears with wide eyes.

“What do you know? What are you talking about knowing something about Sirone!”

Seeing Nade's tears, Amira sympathized with him. But she had no intention of giving up.

“If you want a physical collision, I can't stand still. I will subdue you first before the students are harmed.”

Amira took a step back and brought her fists together. Her gray-white clouds curled up and circled around her. It was cloud magic, a kind of climate system. The compatibility with electricity was very good. No, at Amira's level, she could charge Ned's electricity into her cloud and hit it back.

"anyway… … Why do you do something you can't even handle?”

Iruki walked out of the front door. Nade frowned. What else did he appear to bet on? However, the place where Iruki stopped was next to Nade, not Amira.

"what? don't disturb This is my fight.”

“But from now on, it will also be my fight.”

“Weren’t you on the other side?”

Nade's tone was brusque. There was no resentment left between friends, but there was no reason for Iruki to intervene in this battle, who judged that Sirone was dead.

---------------------------------------