Five Systems (3)

When Lian's great sword made a roar, the meeting place of Satanism was razed to the ground.

Shiok couldn't believe it.

“Why isn’t the hidden code included?”

Ten Siok activated their abilities at the same time, but Lian's movements were unreserved.

“No, it worked.”

The proof was that she was shedding tears of blood with her face distorted like a demon. To him in the present, Sirone is an enemy who annihilated his family, a villain who tortured everyone he loved.

“It worked, but it doesn’t matter.”

Rian's eyes were only on Si-ok.

"I am Sirone's sword."

No matter how Sirone changes, keeping the oath he promised himself is a knight.

The 3 o'clock of the house said.

"......you idiot?"

When Daejikdo struck the ground, a shock wave rushed in at a speed that could not be reacted.

The first o'clock of pride reversed the choice and changed the location of Siok, but the horror remained.

'Even a fool is talented enough. like this

The plan goes awry. Rather Yahweh, she glanced to her side.

While Lian was fighting to the death, Sirone was still holding her position.

The company's executives, including Lette, were in a state of besieging him, revealing their intentions to kill.

Sirone asked coldly.

“Are you going to fight?”

“As I said, our number one rule is negotiation. But I can't lose Shiok.”

Of course, what she wanted was deeper.

'We have to drag the time until the ultra-ancient civilization is opened. It's not long now.'

The moment they were connected to the outside world, the administrator's authority would become stronger.

'Satan will do it. In reality, if Yahweh is subdued, nothing can stop Opartz.'

Oparts was Kitra, the king of Paras.

Benistoff said.

“Make your decision now. If you follow our terms, there will be no impressing each other.” Sirone looked back at the company's board of directors.

'These are managers.'

Unlike the demons, Agape's heart was not supposed to shock them in any way.

'A confrontation between force and force.'

Hexa's smoke, which had lost Agape's emotions, burned Sirone like a flame.

Lethe's eyes darkened.

“Are you saying we can't compromise after all? That's stupid. Is Yahweh all about fighting demons?”

“You are stupid.”

Sirone's eyes lit up.

“Liberate the true voice.”

“You said you couldn’t do it. She can't be like Shiok. Even though you understood it too.”

“You just need to purify your brain. yes?" For the first time, Lethe's eyes fluttered.

“Of course Limbo has no karma. But that means you can purify yourself at any time.”

The agent's face contorted horribly.

“What blocks that is obsession with life. If the resentment of being unable to even feel the joy of birth and falling into hell is the identity of the flesh brain, then you just have to let go of that resentment.”

“… … how?"

Lethe asked.

“You know? Logic doesn't work with Limbo. It is impossible to persuade in any way. They don't even know what resentment is. It's just a huge obsession that can't be explained in words. I'm not lying to you.”

"yes. But I wasn't even telling the truth.”

It was the identity of the reluctant feeling that remained lukewarm in Sirone's head.

“You know how to purify the flesh brain, right?”

"I don't know."

Lethe's lips trembled.

"say."

she couldn't reveal.

When the physical brain and the central processing unit are purified, all karma in the underworld will be reset.

'Asmodians can't live in such a world.'

In reality, it was as strong as the sudden disappearance of the sun, the source of life.

“To be clear, there is no such way. Still, if you really want to hear it... …

Hellfire burned in Lethe's hands.

“I will tell the body.”

A roar erupted from the twelfth floor while the agents' eyes lit up with a purple light.

It was the sound of Rian chasing Shi-ok.

The perfume of Chagall's memory spread thickly in the secret room of the Karma management department.

Ethella, connected by the Taegeuk chain, traced her memories like Chagall.

'Why Archbishop Raphael?'

Ethella met him when she was seven years old, suffering from overflow.

I have no specific memories.

Only the image of falling into deep darkness and a slightly cynical child come to mind.

Raphael in his memory asked.

"The name… … ?”

“This is Chagall. Except in special cases, orphans are named after the place where they were found.”

"okay."

Raphael, who had been handed over the child, looked closely at Chagall, who was blind.

"this child… … Snow?"

“Yes, there is little to no light response. It must be that the sun's light has damaged his vision. It responds slightly, but the doctor says it will eventually go blind.” Ethella looked back at Chagall.

' what?'

blind?

Chagall was also lost in thought with a dazed expression, perhaps not knowing.

'I can't see my eyes? No way. Then what have I seen so far?'

He knows Tia, but he can't clearly draw what she looks like.

Maybe even Ethella's face.

'I am?… ”

Were you seeing the smell?

The answer to the question was heard through Raphael's mouth in nostalgia for the incident.

By the time Chagall was four years old, he was able to walk around any obstacle.

On the contrary, with a schema that is clearer than normal people, he even performed impossible acrobatics for children.

“What a surprise.”

Raphael, who was the priest in charge at the time, also realized Chagall's secret and could not keep his mouth shut.

'Instead of not being able to see the world, it must be the result of looking more deeply into one's own body. Of course, there are also innate talents. Parents probably had fairly good physical abilities

If it was a minor problem, it was that unlike normal people, he sniffed every time he walked.

'Should I tell you?'

that you can't see

'I don't know. He thinks he sees the same as everyone else. Even the focus of the eyes is right.'

It was the power of the sensory system schema.

'It's a wonderful sense of smell. A level at which information can be extracted from the particles of matter.'

Raphael made a decision.

'not now.'

Someday the truth will come out, but uh

I didn't want to hurt Rin's heart.

In any case, no one at the Abbey of Carsis knew that Chagall was blind.

Raphael smiled.

“Chagall, let’s stop going in. You should eat.”

"yes!"

Chagall's face as he ran to his father-like teacher was as bright as any other child.

It was a happy time.

And the nostalgia, which contained a huge amount of time at once, stirred Chagall's memories of being seven years old.

"hello. This is Romi Ethella.” An expressionless child wearing large glasses bowed his head towards the priests.

Etela in reality inhaled the smell even more.

'That child... … me.'

Falling into an overflow at the age of seven, she enlisted the help of the Charcis Monastery.

The priests welcomed him with benevolent smiles.

“Yes, you are Ethella. I heard a lot about it. don't worry too much you have a natural talent You will be able to become a great wizard.”

Chagall, who had been hiding behind the pillars of the auditorium and spying on them, pursed his lips.

'Oh, wizard.'

He was interesting to the young Chagall, but it was Etella that interested him more.

' pretty.'

It must have been that scent.

A few days later, Raphael called the two of them.

“The Yin-Yang Wave Fist is a powerful weapon that can fight the evils of the world. The proper age for training is ten, but Chagall can start now. And Ethella... …

Raphael turned to Ethella.

“Will you not learn? I am the same age as Chagall, and using my body will help me overcome the overflow.”

'Learn martial arts?'

The mage was the goal, but if you can overcome the overflow, you're not in a position to cover it.

"yes. I will do my best."

class has started

“First, hold each other’s hands and pull and push. It's okay to do it for fun at first. What matters is how you use your power.”

Unlike Chagall, whose heart was pounding, Ethella did not show much interest.

'I'm not even an adult, I'm seven years old. There is no difference in strength. I can win easily.'

Her rivals were always adults.

"uh?"

At the same time as Chagall moved, her body ran out of strength.

He seemed to have lost control of his body.

'Feeling of power being sucked in. How could this be? If it's a sense, I won't lose.'

That was an illusion.

'It goes far beyond my senses.' As her coming kicked in and she defended with all her might, her practice lasted for over 10 minutes.

'They are outstanding talents.'

Raphael was delighted.

'Chagall's physical abilities are truly superhuman. But Etel also has the balance of body and mind.'

The moment Etella, who was bad at this, pushed her body forward, Chagall also had a premonition of the final decision.

'Here's the reverse use of power... …

Chagall was stunned at the sight of Etella's face approaching him at that moment.

'This is Ethella.'

sniff sniff. sniff sniff.

The moment she put her nose to the nape of her neck and sniffed it, Etella pushed it away in surprise.

"what are you doing!"

Chagall thumped his butt, and she shouted, unable to swallow the powder.

“The world’s bad guy! Doing something like this in a sacred training ground! Are you still a monk?”

"I-I'm just so pretty... … I was just looking.

“Who in the world would do that just because they are pretty? No matter how many parents...

“Ethella!”

Ethella flinched at Raphael's cry, but her nervous heart did not subside easily.

“I’ll go.”

As she left, Raphael approached the weeping Chagall.

"Are you okay?"

“I hate Ethella. He has parents and lives well. He doesn't want to be friends with me."

“You understand. Ethella is a confusing time. The mind of an adult has entered the body of a child.”

"no. Ethella doesn't know. what is an orphan I would never do that.”

“Chagall, all humans make mistakes. A lot of mistakes he didn't even know about. Even so, you can think... …

Raphael spoke kindly.

“Isn’t it because someone has already forgiven you?”

Chagall shuddered.

' why?'

Is Archbishop Raphael saying the same thing as Raiden, the leader of the Grassleaf Circus?

Ethella looked back at Chagall.

'Did I say that? It can't be. I don't even remember Chagall.'

no, maybe... … .

'Maybe he really forgot.'

Because we always live in a lot of forgiveness that we don't know about.

“Ethella, I’m sorry.”

Chagall kept apologizing at the door.

“Now let go of your anger. Let's have fun practicing again like before. huh? I won't look at you from now on.” Hearing no answer, Chagall lowered his head sullenly and turned around.

And that was the last one.

great purifier.

A new universe began, and it was the day after the fight between Chagall and Etella.

Of course, there was no Chagall.

Ethella, who is training Yin-Yang Wave Fist, asked Raphael who was looking at the sky.

“Master, why are you like that? Your expression is dark.”

“I don’t know.”

My heart ached for no reason.

“It feels like something very precious has left us. however… … what is that

I don’t know.”

Nostalgia for the bottom case, powerful déjà vu.

'What am I missing? There must be someone by my side... …

How has the world changed?