Dongguk and Seoguk (5)

"this! this person… … !”

As the distance with Yahweh 2 gradually got closer, the expression on his face 5 minutes before the opening became distorted.

'what? What is this!'

Used to bullying beginners in the Neutral Zone, he had his own manual.

Most of the newcomers have strong pride, so after a few provocations, they will attack like Yahweh 2.

Even if you attack first, the moment you counterattack, the two sides become hostile to the system of High Gear.

If you eliminate the opponent in that state, even if the nationality is different, you can get the spoils.

The contents of the loot can randomly receive 10% of the galaxy or take away certain parts.

If you are a master with dozens of trillions, 10% of the galaxy will be a jackpot, but 5 minutes before the dog game, you get the beginner's parts and have a lot of fun.

And even now, I thought I could eat them with the beginner's package.

'I did... …

He tried shooting with the maximum output of the high gear, but the Yahweh 2 didn't hit even a single shot.

'How does this happen?'

I was embarrassed 5 minutes before the game due to a situation outside my experience, and finally the probability of avoidance fell below 20%.

“You bastard!”

Sirone shouted and raised her arms, and the energy bullet hit the body 5 minutes ago.

“Big!”

Of course, since durability is good compared to firepower, just a few hits won't lead to death.

'This is strange. it's a bug It says system error.'

I felt chills 5 minutes before the opening.

As if a cuckoo clock that I was so used to not paying attention to came out at the wrong time.

'If the distance is shortened, the probability of avoidance decreases. But so does that guy.'

The engagement continued.

While Sirone was dodging between the barrages, several shots hit 5 minutes ago.

Sparks flew on the body, and the durability of the damaged part was revealed through augmented reality.

'haha. Cheek.'

Durability 482/500.

I was momentarily taken aback by the abnormal situation, but the difference in power seen in numbers was clear.

'His weapon is powerless. If he's fighting at close range, I'm much more advantageous.'

And one more thing.

'This is what I have.'

When the selective option activated at level 20, 'Turbo', was activated, the output increased rapidly.

"die!"

When using energy bullets, the firepower was more than twice as strong as before because it was affected by the output.

“Big!”

As the speed of the danmaku increased, Sirone twisted her nose and increased her concentration.

Time is passing slowly... … .

'Specific pattern.'

The group of round flashes of light that looked like dandelions became clear.

'There it is.'

It was a geometry that took place in space and time, and Sirone quickly dug in looking for gaps.

My heart sank 5 minutes before the opening.

“Aaaaaaa!”

I couldn't stand the nervousness and sprayed bullets like crazy, but it only made Sirone more comfortable.

Finally, 5 minutes ago, Shirone shouted at Sirone, who was right in front of him.

"OK! Let's see who wins!

this… … !”

bang!

My eyes trembled five minutes before the opening, and the expressions of the party who were watching became dazed.

Yahweh 2, who knew how to fight, punched the face of the 5 minutes before the opening with the other side of the fist.

“Ouch!”

The unexpected shock caused Shirone to fall backwards and press his chest.

As Sirone aimed the gun at his head, he saw a terrified man's expression in his eyes.

Silence passed.

The Demon God of Destruction 707 murmured.

“Why, why don’t you shoot?”

“Is it because it’s the first time you’ve killed a person? That guy seems to be sensitive to that kind of thing.”

Sirone asked.

“Why did you attack us?”

“What nonsense are you talking about? Kut!”

5 minutes before the opening, I tried to straighten my upper body, but Sirone pressed me again with my foot.

“I apologize to Death Princess. Harming others for no reason is bad.”

'What is this again?'

The 5 minutes before the opening was absurd.

'Is it a concept? No, I can win now. I have much higher durability anyway, right?'

His mouth twitched, and he trembled with arms wide open as if expressing surrender.

"okay. I'll go and apologize. Have a look. I won’t even go anywhere from next time.”

Death Princess shouted.

“Don't believe me! That guy is cheating!”

While Sirone didn't even move, 5 minutes ago, the gun was pointed upwards.

“Of course not, you idiot.”

The moment he was about to grind the energy bullet, he saw Sirone's cold eyes.

' uh'?'

live.

At that moment, a thought passed quickly, and Sirone's voice sounded unrealistic.

"Penetrate."

It was already dead.

“Sleep, hold on… … !”

bang!

Sirone's shoulder shook once, and the energy bullet shattered the head 5 minutes ago.

“Kegeg… … Kegegeg!”

The aircraft hit by the headshot shuddered like epilepsy, and then the engine stopped with a mechanical sound.

“Hey, Yahweh2.”

The Demon God of Destruction 707 and his party stopped walking.

'What's the atmosphere like?'

Looking down at the plane, lost in thought, was so serious that I couldn't bear to intervene.

The strongest code name said.

“Durability averaged 500 5 minutes before the opening. It takes quite a while to receive a penetration test with Sirone's firearms. I thought about it and asked the question. From the very beginning, I don't think I cared about being a person or anything. He has a thoroughly calculating personality.”

The time we met was short, but I got a rough idea of ​​what Yahweh 2 was like.

“Perhaps. but… … Death Princess said.

“You look so sad.”

Who is it?

What kind of life do you live in reality, so you feel sadness even in the simulation?

Sirone smiled and turned his head.

“Win. Is everyone okay?”

When the heavy atmosphere was relieved, the Demon God of Destruction 707 and the others finally moved on.

“It was great. I know how to dodge energy bullets. Aren’t you, by any chance, a genius in battle?”

“I was lucky. It would have been a pretty tough fight if the 5-minute show had been clever.”

"What are you talking about? It was a complete victory.”

Sirone reviewed the battle.

“If it were me, I would have retreated and fought. Spherical joints allow you to sprint forward while keeping an eye on your back. It takes advantage of the high output. Maybe it was an urgent situation, so I didn't think about it that far. That's why I also knocked it down.”

It was a difference in judgment.

“The mind of looking down on the enemy, the carelessness of whether I will lose. These things also have a big impact on the battle. In the end, it was only a high level, but not a particularly strong opponent.” God of Destruction 707 and the others thought of Ranker.

'Artificial intelligence system allows non-combatants to enjoy all content. That's a big plus, but... …

You can't become a ranker that much. Those who do not rely on the system, but understand and use the system thoroughly.

The ability to evade energy bullets was a secondary issue compared to that.

'You learn so fast. Now, even on the same terms, we will lose.'

It wasn't particularly unpleasant.

'Well, they say he's a friend of Yolga's son.'

Then Sirone pointed to the ground and asked.

“Is there something here?”

"booty!"

Princess Death clapped her hands and said.

“If you die while the hostilities check is up, you can get loot. No one can see it until you learn it. what? What fell?”

Sirone acquired the parts that had fallen on the floor.

"this? It's the right arm that guy used earlier. Maronsa, it's the Bolt Gun-Z204 model.”

God of Destruction 707 burst into laughter.

“Puhahaha! He dropped the most expensive one. It's ugly. Your stomach should be bloated by now.”

“Can't it be repaired? Then how about Princess Death's left arm?”

"huh. No loot or durability upon death

Parts that have become zero are considered permanent losses. are you okay. My left arm is sold separately, so you can buy it at the store.”

“Hmm, then what about this? It's the right arm, so Death Princess can't use it. Should I sell it and turn it into a galaxy?”

The strongest code name said.

“That is possible, but not recommended. If you sell to a store, there is a fee. However, it is not a particularly popular model to sell to users. There is a limit to mass-produced products that can be used at level 20 anyway.”

God of Destruction 707 said.

“Don’t do that, you write. that's what's left Let's go to the Attogram and find the Engineer. I need to replenish the bullets anyway.”

"huh. By the way, an engineer?”

“Items in the store can be replaced immediately, but the user-developed parts or loot must be installed by an engineer himself. Large guilds even hire dedicated engineers.”

"That's what you mean by experiencing it anyway."

"yes. Parts sold at stores are good, but legendary items and artisan items are obtained through hunting or dueling. don't worry too much The right arm isn't even grotesque.”

The strongest code name was added.

“Personally, eye replacement is the most annoying.”

"agreement."

After returning to Attogram, the party purchased Princess Death's left arm and energy bullets at the Maron store.

Next, we found an engineer.

“There are engineers at the parts store, but they are expensive. It’s better to ask the user.”

"huh. Let’s save it.”

It was Sirone's style to learn from the basics even if Eunha was not in need.

When I entered the shop of 'Hermes', a famous engineer in Attogram, I saw a familiar face.

"huh?"

Five minutes before the opening, he and his colleagues were equipped with a newly purchased bolt gun.

Sirone was nervous, but he didn't show a radical attitude like in Destroy.

God of Destruction 707's smile was convex.

“I guess you bought a part? In the end, was it the bolt gun that I chose again? look good?"

“You child… … Do you think it will end like this?”

Sirone searched for beginner tips.

In the city, it was impossible to fight without a special event taking place.

'Hmm, I guess it's like that.'

My co-workers 5 minutes before the start of the game gave me a chin.

“Hey, are those guys?”

"okay. remember your face You guys, choose Dongguk. Let’s fight properly.”

Sirone confirmed their code names.

'One minute before opening. 2 minutes before opening... …

A machine with a round body and long, thick arms like a gorilla approached Sirone.

It was one minute before the opening.

“Yahweh 2, don’t run into me on the battlefield. Because I'm going to throw away the foot and foot of the foot.”

'Amara all-in-one. It's over level 70.' While the party was making nervous faces, one minute before the opening, they walked out to the door.

"let's go."

After the repairs were completed, 5 minutes ago, Shirone replaced his right arm.

The engineer said that he did not know if the output would follow, but that one part would be fine.

When I came out, it was already dark.

“Shall we go to Freedom Square soon? It annoys me to see a bunch of bastards attacking you.”

Freedom Square, which arrived along the destruction demon 707, was crowded with people.

Numerous users were selling goods, and there were also people scouting guild members.

“When are you coming?”

While waiting while checking the time with augmented reality, the entrance to the plaza became noisy.

"wow! It's a ranker!”

Sirone and the others naturally turned a blind eye.

It was a small woman 160 cm tall who was driving the crowds.

A pale face, light purple straight hair half-covered the back, and bangs cut horizontally at the line of the eyebrows.

I didn't even have to look at the code name.

“It’s Aegis.”

He was a skilled player who ranked 8th overall in the duel rankings that users rated the most.

“Why did Aegis come to Attogram? The Golden Flower members play in Nazca City.”

"I know. Are there any events that I don’t know about?”

Aegis walked straight toward Sirone without even looking around.

God of Destruction 707 swallowed saliva with his heart.

'The gas is really tight. How much does it all cost? We won't be able to match it even in our lifetime.'

Finally stopping, Aegis carefully checked Syrone's code name.

“Yahweh 2… …

“Hey, who are you?”

Aegis with both arms attached to his body bent down.

"nice to see you. I came under the direction of the boss. let's go I will serve you.”

Freedom Square was enveloped in a huge silence.