accelerate (3)

East Sea of ​​Jincheon Empire.

The place where Seong-eum distorted space arrived was the sky over the coastal waters overlooking the white sandy beach.

"Corsair! Advance! Don't back down!” The army of Jincheon and the army of Hell were engaged in a close battle with the sun shining on the white sandy beach.

With their noise entwined and piercing your eardrums like white noise, you looked back at the sea in poetry.

Demon beasts the size of sailboats were seen in the distant sea.

On the beach side, monsters with tentacles were knocking down soldiers from several meters high.

'Serious.'

What I could tell from looking up from the sky was that it was only a matter of time before the coastline was occupied.

There is only one reason why Jincheon has been able to block it so far.

It was a massive offensive that was comparable to the army of hell.

“There is a human over there!”

Demons with long beaks like spears fluttered their wings and flew towards Seongeum.

'Aether wave!'

As the vocal sound refracted the space, the scenery became complicated and the demons' beaks penetrated the bodies of their colleagues.

“Keew!”

Seongeum, who had watched hundreds of demons fall into the sea at the same time, looked back at Sirone.

“Already on the land side, the armies of hell are coming up, occupying the 7 kingdoms in the East. Jincheon will perish if we do not find a way out here in the sea.”

For Sirone, the value of Jincheon was equal to that of other countries, but strategically it was more than that.

“I will fight right now. Let’s go to the sandy beach.” As Lian grabbed the handle of the great sword and prepared to launch, Seongeum shook his head.

"no. That's not what I want to ask for. There are other things you have to do.”

Seong-eum's eyes shook as she watched the soldiers die.

However, he soon put on a determined expression and waved his hand to cast an etheric wave.

As if a carpet was being crumpled, the scenery was pulled, and then the scene of the imperial castle, Yeomra, rushed in quickly.

Forests and buildings flowed like a torrent, and when they penetrated the thick walls, Daejeon, where bureaucrats gathered, appeared.

“There is no retreat! If we can't recover the coast, we'll push into the imperial castle in an instant!”

The soldiers were divided into two and debating.

“Are you saying that we should continue the unfavorable fight? War of attrition has limits too! If we continue like this, we will be destroyed!”

The chattering sound also reminded me of a battlefield.

"Come this way."

Seongeum walked towards the statue with Sirone and Lian behind.

"your majesty!"

Jin Kang, who had been listening to the soldiers' opinions with his chin resting on his chin, only moved his gaze to look this way.

“Are you here?”

Even though the empire was heading towards catastrophe, there was no anxiety to be found in the emperor's eyes.

'indeed. He's a different emperor than Wu Lin.'

Because it was much easier to deal with than her frightened appearance, Sirone followed Jincheon's etiquette even though she was an ivory tower star.

“It is an honor to meet you.”

“You don’t have to come out so lowly. This is where you need help

I mean.”

Sirone let go of her grip and said.

“It is a difficult time for any country. You must be heartbroken.”

“What is heartache?”

Jin Kang raised the corner of his mouth.

“If you perish, you perish.”

The noisy battle became quiet in an instant.

Anchal of the Jincheon Space Agency said while lying flat with his arms outstretched.

“Your Majesty, Jincheon will not perish. We are doing our best to strategize, so sooner or later the tide will turn.”

“The best is an illusion.” When Jin Kang rose from his seat, all the servants corrected their posture and knelt down.

“Do as much as you can. That point is the strongest. If you try to use something that doesn't exist in reality, you become weak. I always say... …

There was a deep feeling in Jin Kang's eyes.

“Simple beats complex.”

The soldiers were lost in thought.

"If you've done all you can, hit it. Then, something else will happen. Even if you perish when you perish, don’t tremble in fear already.”

“I will obey your solemn command.” While all the soldiers were bowing, Jin Kang walked towards Sirone with his hands behind his back.

“Do you think there is something you want to say?” Sirone shook her head.

"no. I totally agree with your thoughts. It is effective to face reality.”

"is it."

Jin Kang smiled bitterly.

It meant that Jincheon's current condition was not very good, even in the eyes of the Wizard of the Ivory Tower.

“I guess I have no choice but to look forward to you.”

“I will go to the East Sea. If you defeat the corps commander, the spirit of the demons will also be dampened.”

"no. It's dangerous, but Jincheon isn't that weak. What you have to do, let your voice tell you.”

When Jin Kang looked back at Seongeum, she too met her father's eyes with complicated eyes.

“I’m sorry I didn’t give you much time.”

The voice was engulfed.

“Let’s go first. Preserve the jade body.”

It sounded like goodbye.

"okay. Don't worry about me. And wizard of the ivory tower, even though the world is on the verge... …

It was the last request a father could give.

“Please respect the meaning of the voice.”

“What is that… …

Before Sirone could finish her words, Seongeum cast an etheric wave and moved.

As Daejeon was pushed out, they arrived at the palace where Seongeum stayed.

“Are you here, lady?”

Mungyeong, the leader of Sambo, came out to meet him.

I learned my face in the Ivory Tower exam, but for some reason my eyes were swollen as if I had cried all night.

'What's going on?'

Come to think of it, all the maids around her were looking at Seongeum with sympathetic eyes.

However, the person concerned pointed to Sirone without any particular expression and said.

“I have something to talk about with a friend. Give me a lodging.”

“Come this way.”

Mungyeong followed on the street of three steps, and the other ladies-in-waiting also guided the voice in their respective positions.

'It's still the same.'

Even Sirone knew the resolution of space.

Even so, the reason he could get close to her was because she allowed Young-bo.

Since they were there together, Mungyeong couldn't say anything about Sirone.

'If the lady loves someone, she can back off as much as she wants. But it was sad that it was at this point.

“Please go in.”

When Mungyeong opened the dorm, a room with a round table and bed in a neatly organized outbuilding appeared.

It was according to the taste of the voice.

“Everybody stay out.”

“Lady Haona, this swordsman… … The only one who allowed the yeongbo of the voice is Sirone.

I couldn't keep Rian in a small room.

"Okay. I allow it.”

Seongeum turned to Lian.

He had been surprised at his inaction in defeating Ymir's clone, but he was much more mature than that now.

'I'm sure it will be the strongest in the world.'

Is Sirone fighting alongside someone like this?

In any case, it was a good thing for the Jincheon Empire, so Seongeum gave him a distance.

“0.1 baud.”

I couldn't give her the same distance as Sirone.

When Lian shrugged and entered, Mungyeong had no more words to argue with.

“I'll be waiting for you outside.” In a slightly awkward atmosphere, Sirone, Lian, and Seongeum sat in a circle at a round table.

“First of all, don’t say sorry. I can easily imagine how busy you must be as the star of the ivory tower.”

"are you okay. because this is my job Anyway, what am I supposed to do here? Also, why did the emperor recall the past while looking up at the ceiling?

“Do you remember? When I took you to the ivory tower, I asked you How much time can you give me?”

"huh? hour?"

From Sirone's point of view, the words were insignificant, so he had to search his memory for a long time.

“Ah, it was. Did you say 10 days'?”

“Okay, ten days.”

Sirone said with a puzzled expression.

“But now it seems to be a bit difficult. When the war is over, I will definitely keep my promise.”

“You don’t have to. Forget it."

The voice was laughing, but it didn't feel alive.

“Hanshi is busy. Even now, countless people of Jincheon are dying. That's why I'm begging you. Regardless of the promise... …

Seongeum looked at Sirone with earnest eyes.

"day. Give me time for just one day.”

Ryan moaned and moaned, and Sirone blinked.

' day?'

I didn't know what she was thinking.

“What is all this?”

Havitz and Gustav 4th cadets who joined from the battlefield set up a barracks 20 kilometers away from the battlefield.

Following Balkan's instructions, he killed all the humans in the cities along the way, but there were still spoils to give to Sumodo.

“Huh. uhhhhhhh.”

About 2,000 flower-like girls were lined up in a row tied to a rope.

Zetaro, who was sitting on the ground, said while grazing.

“He said he would take all the women in the world. To be honest, I killed a lot because it was annoying to take him with me. I don’t know what your tastes are, but I picked them roughly based on my standards.”

Natasha counted and gave up.

“Even if we only catch 10 people a day, it would take a long time. Sumo, don't push yourself too hard. And then the bones are gone.”

“Stop worrying.”

Sumodo did not know to give up.

“That's why humans need tools.”

After stealing a repeater-type crossbow from a soldier, he looked back at Natasha and raised a corner of his mouth.

“Anyway, can we shoot?”

Dozens of arrows per second were fired into the crowd.

"Quaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!"

dying girls.

Abi Gyu-hwan's screams erupted, and people tied to ropes and trampled on were followed one after another.

"more! more!"

When the arrows ran out, his men brought new crossbows, and the brutal killings continued without end.

After firing six hundred rounds, the recoil almost broke his body.

“Wow, this is really hard. zeta, same

Do you want to do this?”

“Hehe, why are you so greedy?”

Zetaro, holding a crossbow in both hands, began to shoot arrows anywhere, regardless of recoil.

“Kyahahahaha! Kyahahahaha!”

Tears of blood flowed from Natasha's eyes as she performed a beautiful dance behind the two.

'Crazy guys.'

The soldiers seriously questioned whether this was a human right.

'Doesn't someone have to stop it?' Vulcan was preoccupied with sitting on his horse and looking at the map.

Havitz was also sitting with his back in the grass in the corner, drawing on the ground.

"ha! ha!"

Finally, when all 2,000 fell, Sumodo, sweating profusely, threw the crossbow.

“It’s really hard.”

“Heh! I know. nucleus!"

Sumodo looked back at Balkan as Jetaro sighed and sat down.

“Hey, military. How many have we killed so far?”

Vulcan raised his head and stroked his chin.

“Hmm, well. Roughly between 600 million and 700 million?”

"what? 600 million to 700 million?”

Sumodo's face turned into an embarrassment.

“You killed everything you could find, but you haven’t even reduced half of it yet? No, there are so many damn humans.”

Vulcan agreed.

“It was a little later than expected. Valkyrie seems to have some decent soldiers. We’re minimizing the damage.”

Humanity did not have the troops to stop the army of hell, but even in such a situation, the response was prompt.

'What kind of guy is he?'

A person with enough brains to stand up to the crowd.

Vulcan's gaze was aimed at someone in the enemy camp whose name he didn't even know yet.