[547] Daejikdo (3)

Death Knight.

It is not a common sight, but there are several anecdotes that can explain Lian's phenomenon to Park Nyeo, who has experienced 10,000 years of time.

In the history of war, some knights fought beyond death.

Their aspirations for life remain so strong that they cannot close their eyes even after death is the power of will that can only be explained as a unique law.

'It's the first time such a case.'

I've seen a decapitated man wield a sword for more than three minutes before collapsing.

However, Lian's inaction was active enough to be on a different level from that.

“Rian… … .”

Watching Lian fight to the death, Sirone felt nostalgia for an emotion that no memory can ever replace.

'Right, it was... … .'

Ryan was such a friend.

The fact that he risked his life to come running was never to harm himself.

'I don't know anything. What am I supposed to see?'

If this world is a lie, as Rian said, how can I explain the friendship with him in my memory?

“I can’t last long anyway.”

Park Nyeo came to that conclusion.

“I will die without coming here.”

Since it was impossible for a person to survive being hit by so many bullets, Sirone also bit her lip and stopped thinking.

The world can be turned around with the sacrifice of one person.

This world must be true.

If not, what is the love, longing, happiness and joy of those who have lived here?

Fraternity was the best choice Sirone could get out of being locked up.

When the shock wave that shook the world came from the back, Park Nyeo turned her gaze to the battlefield where Shura and Miro were fighting.

“It’s a huge beating.”

The sight of the incarnation of Kannon frantically beating Shura from all directions made my limbs tingle just to see it.

“Aww, that sucks!”

However, the one who was frowning was Miro, who continued the offensive.

Except for the place where the two banyas were fighting, Mucus was in control of the south, flowing east and west and climbing the pyramid.

'Am I saying time isn't on my side?'

Miro glared at Shura and bit his teeth.

The incarnation of Guanyin, expressed in three dimensions, seems to have a view contemplating the world from the top of the sky.

However, in the realm of the spirit that Miro accepted, it was a 4-dimensional view, that is, an open field of vision in all directions without any blind spots.

The extreme scale opens space-time.

Therefore, the attack of Guanyin can be applied anywhere in space, and the speed of continuous hitting is also not limited by time.

'Quan Yin Torpedo Field.'

As Miro waved his hand, thousands of overlapping Kannon palms fell from the sky.

Shura, who made a hand sign, opened the snake's eyes and activated her ability.

The gestalt of union - the strangulation of God.

Inverted crosses the size of a person were born as if wrapping around her, then bent like rubber and assembled into spheres with no gaps.

Then, the repeated blows of the Gwaneum Torpedo were pierced violently enough to pierce the ground.

"Whoa, that's really annoying."

The inverted cross studded with red jewels disintegrated, revealing Shura laughing with her long tongue flicking.

“Have you been trapped in the dimensional wall for too long? The labyrinth is also out of date.”

'He's talking about what's on the subject of monsters.'

Contrary to my heart, I had no choice but to admit that it was Shura's garden.

No matter how great the maze was, competing with the lawyer who dealt with lies in Apocalypse was like a lion jumping into the sea and fighting a shark.

'I have to destroy the pyramid.'

The key is to lift the law surrounded by the pyramids, but Miro wasn't the one who could pull off the task.

“I know what you are thinking.”

Shura said while shaking the incarnation of the snake.

“Are you trying to hold me back and make someone else break the law?”

Miro didn't answer.

“But we are not the only enemies. Can I break through this and make it in time?”

When I turned my head to the place Shura was pointing at, the entire desert was engulfed by Mucus.

"damn!"

Marsha spat out a curse.

In a situation where just avoiding the guardians' attacks was daunting, Mucus rose from the floor and attacked her.

Although he stabbed several Guardians with a dagger, the expansion speed of Mucus was too fast to wait until he was exhausted.

“Do not interfere with our mission.”

Ekser, who has the power of a bat, flew over Marsha's head and swung her twin swords.

As she flailed and rolled over the mucus, slime rose like an awl along her movements.

“What are you asking me to do!”

The moment Marsha gnashed her teeth and stood up, Targang, who had the ability to detonate, opened a crater in her fist.

"It's over!"

pop! As her gas exploded, she hurriedly flung Marsha, who fled her seat.

“Huh!”

Right before the fall, Mucus stood up while building a wall and received Marsha.

The slime flowed rapidly, bound her limbs, and rose like a regurgitation, floating her body dozens of meters in the air.

"profit! Let go of this!”

After struggling for a long time, Marsha looked back at the other side of the pyramid.

Caught in the same state, Fermi made eye contact with her and shrugged.

“I’m really going crazy!”

With everyone stranded, Lian was the only one left.

“That… … !”

Turning her head to the north, Marsha's eyes shook in shock.

'I don't stop!'

Seeing that the bottom of the pyramid was covered in Mucus, Lian increased his speed even more.

However, Mucus was now also slithering like a torrent, following Lian's heels.

“Shoot! Shoot even if you don't die! I mean crush it with bullets!”

An all-out attack by combat units was launched.

“Aaaaaaa!”

Every time Lian's sword moved like a flash, the whole body of the underground people was split into several pieces. (164 kills)

bang! bang! bang! bang!

As grenades exploded in all directions, dozens of shrapnel pierced Lian's left palm, which covered his face.

As the bullet zigzag scratched the ground, his ankle snapped off.

“Great!”

Ryan frowned and kicked the ground with his right foot.

The massacre began as the body fell in front of the enemy lines as if being pulled.

“Ouch! Ears, ghosts!”

Lian's face, covered in blood, was a perfect yaksha.

"Oh God… … .”

Priest Bebeto opened his mouth in disbelief.

immortal body.

The body of eternal life that only those who received the recognition of the sun could have was reproduced in front of my eyes.

“Get ready, Sirone.”

When the mucus flowed in from the east and west reached the top, Park Nyeo said.

However, there was nothing for Sirone to prepare.

It was enough to savor the end of life while feeling the texture of the slime that coiled around the ankle.

The agony that had put him in confusion so far disappeared like a lie when Mucus clung to his body.

will make a beautiful world

'Hello everyone… … .'

Tears of blood flowed from Lian's eyes as she looked at Sirone.

'I'm sorry, Sirone!'

The blood of the enemies pouring down like rain mixed with bloody tears and flowed down his face.

'Just like now in real life, they must have fought at the cost of everything!'

The blood vessels in the heart that could not handle the speed of blood flow began to break.

'That's why I fell in a place like this!'

Smille's auditory hallucinations became clearer.

'I couldn't protect you!'

“Stop! I mean stop it!”

As they approached the pyramid, the concentration of firepower soared to an all-time high.

When a grenade exploded behind him, Lian jumped to the surface with shrapnel stuck in his back.

I managed to land, but my left ankle was cut, so I lost my balance and fell to one knee.

“Now! grenade! Shrapnel!”

“To my heart… … .”

Rian stood up and jumped out, glaring at the enemies with only white eyes left.

Establish the Kingdom of Faith!(211 kill)

“Aaaah! (213 kill) Shoot! (215 kill) Shoot!” (218 kill)

Let the unbreakable will(219 kill) and stronger pride dwell in the sword!(221 kill)

“Don’t come! (223 kill) Don’t come!” (225 kill)

Engrave the courage to choose the right thing (226 kill) and the iron resolve that will not be shaken in front of that courage (228 kill)!

“Save people (231 kill)! (233 kill) Kkeok!” (234 kill)

Always be on the side of the weak!(236 kill)

“I’m going to die like this (239 kill)!” (240 kill)

Don't give in to the logic of the strong!(244 kill)

“Retreat! (246 kill) Retreat!” (248 kill)

Only lead the sword with the spirit of chivalry! (250 kills)

“Kreureung! Kreung!”

Numerous shapes of creatures protruded from the top of Mucus, which was barely catching up with Lian's speed, as if it were submerged.

Park Nyeo, who was watching Lian's rush as if pushing the whole world, spoke in a calm voice.

“… … Mach is rushing in.” (257 kills)

The shape of the slime that only pursued Lian's movement from the end of the field of vision is a large straight sword that is not disturbed in the slightest.

She did not hide her feelings in front of the belief that she could be sure that it would continue to be so because it had been so.

"I'm afraid, yaksha."

It was the first time I felt so afraid that something was approaching.

"run! Ryan, run!”

Marsha struggled and shouted.

Fermi, who had been pathetically watching the honest progress, had no choice but to cheer for him this time.

'I do not have time. The union will begin soon.'

Bebeto screamed.

“Aaaaaaa!” (273 kills)

Anyone who thought that a yaksha, advancing through death, was approaching them could not help but feel numb.

'little bit more!'

After killing 273 people, Lian's vision, which was full of blood and flesh, was wide open.

King Kong, who was waiting in front of the pyramid, pounded his balloon-like chest and shouted.

"come! Let's see who is stronger!”

As Lian grabbed the greatsword, the tip of Mucus transformed into a huge beast and bit his left arm.

“Keugh!”

It was a result that gave despair to Miro and joy to Shura.

“Krurruk! Kruck!”

As if not to miss the last chance, Mucus poured slime on the beast to inflate its size.

"it's over. This is unreasonable.”

Fermi also had the same idea as Marsha.

'That's stupid. Ignore the tactics of what that belief is.'

However, Lian was still walking with her left arm, which could not be pulled out, behind her back.

"yet… … no."

Even if everyone says it's over, even if you deny that it will never work.

'Because I couldn't protect you!'

There is one voice that can never be denied.

"yet… … !”

that's right.

“It's not over!”

it's your own voice

Axing-deny.

“Aaaaaang!”

When Lian shook his shoulder with the yaksha's Ilgal, the mucus of the huge beast was ripped off from his left arm.

“Oohhhh!”

As the tons of weight fired like a cannon, King Kong greeted him with open arms.

“Take it! I am the strongest underground... … ! 100 million!"

At the same time as the collision, King Kong's voice was swallowed up, and he flew away buried in slime and crashed into the pyramid.

Quaaaaaagh!(274 kills)

Lian, whose left arm was ripped off, frowned, baring all his teeth in the aftermath of Denai.

“Big uh… … !”

- Smille. Smille.

With no time to recover, he began climbing the pyramid, stamping his broken ankle on the ground.

'Sirone! Sirone!'

And finally, when I could see the top of the pyramid, I kicked off the stairs with my right foot and jumped up.

“Sirone eh!”

Looking up at Lian floating in the sky, Bebeto sobbed as her tears poured out.

“Ah, my God.”

The sun was covering Lian.

(end of volume 22)

---------------------------------------