[171] 1. Kergo Autonomous District (3)

Outsiders trampled on Kergo with all sorts of excuses and excuses. There were many women who lost their virginity in the name of inspection and search. It was unreasonable to take the side of an outsider, no matter how misguided her fellow haters were.

“I will start the examination now. Come over here and raise your arms.”

Amy kept her seat with rejection and caution at the same time.

If the man had not been a master, he would have raised his stomach the moment he was insulted, but his life was not unusual. If there was a battle, you would have to prepare for a commotion, and the place was not good for committing it.

"It's too much to see."

Lian blocked Amy's way. Amy's ability to judge the situation would be better, but if the other person was going to touch the woman's shame, she was right to step out herself.

“Even though Falcoa is dead, Freeman's organization is still alive. If you treat us this way, you won't be safe either?”

Lian's strategy, borrowing Freeman's prestige, was witty. Amy thought it was a good idea too.

However, Kergoin was much more aggressive than expected.

Mahatu's face turned red, as if he had touched the wrath.

“Is it a challenge? jump in anyway Kergoin does not run away.”

-Everyone back off. Mahatu's mind is focused.

Arin informed through the spirit channel.

By the end of the speech, everyone felt it. It was speculation to the point that even the insensitive Rian could see through the sense of incongruity.

Amy aimed at the Spirit Zone. How far Mahatu's fighting spirit soared will determine the battle method.

Woo woo woo!

Then a horn sounded from the other side of the cave.

If you could hear it all the way into the winding tunnel, you could guess how loud it was.

As the sound of the trumpet spread throughout the cave, Mahatu looked at the entrance in amazement.

My colleague's reaction was even worse. He was shaking his shoulders in disbelief.

“Mahatu, this is the trumpet of Jingok. what happened... … .”

Mahatu jumped before his colleague could finish his words.

"damn! Why the trumpet of Jingok! Did a war break out?”

Jingok's trumpet was the highest level of alert set by the Kergo tribe. Upon hearing this sound, all tribe members must assemble at the source of the sound. There were no exceptions for any class, and if they did not participate, they would be punished.

As the natives disappeared, Amy and her friends were also thrown into chaos.

"what? What do you think happened outside?”

“Let’s go. It is dangerous to be at a dead end.”

Amy and the others left the cave and arrived at the sound.

It was a huge square where 7 tunnels meet in the center.

The natives were gathering, but there were so many of them that it was impossible to ascertain what was going on.

It was difficult to convey the voice due to the muffled noise. He looked forward to the spirit channel, but Arin was only staring at the podium.

“Get on your knees and worship! The messenger of God has come to save us!”

The old man on the podium shouted. Then, well over a thousand people knelt down and uttered a single voice.

“Welcome the Messenger of God.”

The crowd collapsed as if the world had turned off. My vision opened up to the podium, and I saw Sirone standing in front of the old man.

Sirone looked around and met Amy's eyes. She was only two hours away, but she had been through so many embarrassing situations that she couldn't contain her emotions.

“Amy.”

Those who shouted the messenger of God silenced their voices. Silence spread in concentric circles, and several people looked at Amy.

Among them was Mahatu. It seemed that Amy would not long forget the look of embarrassment on his face.

“Sirone.”

The native's eyes turned to Sirone again. It was an attitude that he would not miss a single word that came out of his mouth.

Sirone's face turned into a tear-stained one.

“Amy, why are these people doing this? I can't understand a word of what you're saying.”

Amy scratched her eyebrows as she looked at Sirone, who looked like she was about to burst into tears.

And I said in my heart.

do i know

@

As Sirone moved, the crowd split like splitting bamboo. Even in the posture of bowing, the fact that they were in perfect order was proof that they were nervous.

Sirone's face was haggard. No wonder he was exposed to a language he didn't know for two hours.

Normally, if they couldn't communicate, they would give up on the conversation, but the altar's enforcers didn't leave Sirone alone for a moment.

“I thought I was going to die of frustration. He bowed whenever I said something, so he ended up not saying a word. Why are people here doing this to me?”

"I don't know. I mean we're here too. Did you pass the test?”

"Uh, I guess so, but there's a bit of a problem."

“Is it a problem? What's the problem?”

To describe the scene we saw in the labyrinth's time-space, words become redundant. But now I can't afford that, and the situation is not good.

The old man who blew the horn approached Sirone.

Behind the old man, Mahatu followed. His mind was complicated. If he is a messenger of God, it is said that he opened all 8 space-times of the maze, but it was shocking that he was a boy with fluffy hair unlike what I usually thought.

- Absolute obedience to the messenger of God.

It was a word I had heard from a young age so as not to get scabs in my ears.

It was on a different level from the religious beliefs that outsiders say. Just as a people obeys a king, to Kergoin the gods were a real force.

Mahatu walked quickly and approached Sirone. If he was truly a messenger of God, he had to pay for his disrespect to Amy and the others before he could face the old man.

“A messenger of the feared God, I am ashamed, but are these people your companions?”

As Jis approached to translate, Mahatu raised a hand to stop him.

“No, it seems that someone is using spirit-type magic. If that person exists, please allow me to speak with the messenger of God.”

The point at which Mahatu realized that fact was when Amy's voice rose.

Usually, if you have a conversation with an interpreter in between, your words will be simple and short, but I got the impression that I understood Kergore quite accurately in some parts.

Arin's Spirit Zone permeated Mahatu's shadow.

Sirone was taken aback by the voice in her head, but nodded after realizing what kind of ability it was.

Understanding that the preparations were over, Mahatu repeated the question from earlier.

“Messenger of God, are these people companions?”

"yes. They are my friends.”

Mahatu nodded calmly. He wasn't afraid to die, but rudeness to Sirone's friend was a mistake that put the fate of the clan in jeopardy.

Kergo was destroyed not because of loops, civil wars, or volcanic eruptions. Officially, it is said that way, but behind the scenes, the truth that no one knows was hidden.

Kergoin angered the angel.

And the boy standing in front of me was a descendant of an angel.

The story of 500 years ago, handed down from generation to generation, was deeply rooted in fear in the unconscious Kergoins living in the present age.

Mahatu's expression changed. From his frustration to fear, and then, as if he had made up his mind, he regained his original expression and shouted as he knelt down to the point of breaking.

"sorry! please kill me! You have committed great disrespect to the party!”

“Are you rude? what disrespect? Surely it wasn't violent?"

Cirone, alerted by their actions close to fanatics, fired at them at once. If he ever laid a hand on his friends, he would not forgive him.

“Oh, no big deal. We just had a little tease. You know why, what we often do.”

Amy's words were close to slang. It is true that there was a conflict, but the situation was complicated, so it was meant to be passed on.

Mahatu looked up at Amy with emotion. And he gave up his seat to the old man, relieved that he hadn't caused a racial crisis.

The old man, who introduced himself as Hasid, the elder of the Kergo tribe, asked Sirone a meaningful question.

“Did you read Miro’s message?”

Sirone recalled the scene she saw in the room of achievement and sacrifice. It was information floating in fragments because it passed by so quickly, but each one was vivid.

Sirone nodded, and the elder turned around with his cane.

The natives gathered in the square were waiting for an answer.

“Finally, the messenger of the god has come to Kergo!”

Sirone and the others covered their ears. As Hasid ran out of words, the natives let out a warrior's roar.

The cave was filled with sound that seemed to explode the ceiling.

Shouts of joy intermittently intermingled with cries. Amidst the crowd, naked people came and knelt before Sirone.

“My messenger, my child is sick. Please fix it.”

Arin's channel was also connected to Mahatu, so I was able to understand her words. However, her ability to heal her sick child was not available to Sirone.

The old man who had crawled beside the woman put his hands together and begged.

“Give me something to eat! Families are starving.”

Starting with that, people arrived one after another.

“Give me eternal life!”

“Please yield to my daughter Atoreman! She has a man that the child is engaged to!”

“Make me a woman!”

Arin didn't even cover his ears, so he closed his eyes. The sight transmitted through her menarche was all red, as if she were seeing seething lava. Her spirit would collapse if she accepted more of people's aspirations.

“Canis! The voice of the heart is too loud!”

“Close the channel. You might get hurt.”

Sirone was caught in the crowd and couldn't move a single step. Arin canceled the telepathy, making it impossible to interpret, but the ripples of emotion rushed in and tightened his heart. It was like being under mass hypnosis. The keyword would be madness.

Sirone turned to Hasid and Mahatu for help. However, they were only looking at their own people with sad eyes.

“Everyone be quiet!”

The man's shouts broke out, and in an instant there was silence.

A young man, accompanied by strong warriors on his left and right, walked from the northern tunnel. He wasn't big, but his balloon-like muscles overpowered his bodyguards. His hair was long and pulled back, and he had golden tattoos on his face.

Arin finally opened his eyes.

The emotion of the natives seen through menarche was awe.

But that wasn't all.

are afraid A menarche commonly seen in situations dealing with an iron-fisted ruler. It was clear that the man was the head of Kergo.

The man who approached Sirone introduced himself.

“My name is Kadum, the chief of Kergo. I will see you from now on.”

Sirone asked about the intentions of his friends.

No one objected. He was the kind of person you'd have to meet at least once to get anything in the borough.

And that was Jess' mission.

Sirone expressed regret and said.

“Now we will do it ourselves. It could be dangerous.”

Jess nodded, not showing a particularly unpleasant feeling. The reason why Shiro and the others trusted him was that he didn't build useless pride.

Shaking hands, Jess said anxiously.

"be careful. The Autonomous District seems very different from the Kergo I know.”

"huh. There will be nothing special. And thank you for interpreting.”

“I'm glad I was helpful. Stop by my house after work. I’m sure Yuna and I have prepared a lot of delicious food.”

Sirone asked Kadum to take Jis to the ruins. Then, both of you wanted to follow Sirone's instructions and volunteered to be guides. Arin chose someone he could trust.

Jis left Kergo Autonomous Region following the mighty warrior.

Kadum guided Sirone and the others to the cave.

Even after walking for 20 minutes, the destination was not found. If this road were a dead end, any traveler would collapse.

A labyrinth is not just a complex design. The labyrinth of the autonomous district was overwhelmed by scale.

---------------------------------------