only chance (3)

Destroy-02.

Various creatures from level 20 to 80 inhabit the jungle of the city where only the steel frame of the building remains.

Therefore, Destroy-02 was not only a fast level up, but also a scene where East and West collided.

"ha ha ha! stupid! why? Do you see me again like back then?”

From 1 minute to 5 minutes before the opening, 5 Seoguk users were surrounded by the strongest code name equipped with a set of hundred papers.

"damn! These children... … !”

The strongest code name tried to straighten his upper body, but his left leg was blown off by fire three minutes before the opening.

“Keugh!”

Instead of annihilating the strongest code name, the gangsters were enjoying themselves while taking their time.

There was no need to notice because 'hostile acts' were naturally established between East and West.

'I'm also covetous of the 100-piece set.'

Rumor has it that the more parts you destroy, the more loot you get when you die.

It's kind of superstitious, but there was nothing wrong with the strongest code name.

“It is only now that I am arrogant. Every time my friends arrived, you guys burst into laughter 5 minutes ago.

“Puhahaha! Do you think you can beat us if only 10 level 10s come in groups? Isn't it?”

A minute before the opening, I was lost in thought.

At level 70, the user was equipped with the Amara integrated type, which was said to be the most efficient.

It had a round body like an egg and stubby arms, but the firepower of its machine gun, which fired seven rounds per second, was outstanding.

'There seems to be a corner to believe in something. Are you carrying a large guild behind you?'

The only thing Seoguk users could confirm with Dongguk users was the code name.

If you become a ranker, you can find out more details through the leaderboard, but it was a long way from them.

“You are bluffing. Smash it down.” Anyway, in Destroy-02, no one surpassed the Amara unit.

3 minutes before the opening, he said.

“Don’t do that, let’s break the limbs first. Leaving only her face and torso.” "haha! Is that good?”

5 minutes before the opening, where the anger from Yahweh 2 did not go away, he aimed the bolt gun.

“I’ll make you crawl like a worm.” Just as the muzzle was about to fire, the voice of Yahweh 2 was heard from across the city.

"stop!"

Five minutes before the opening, he turned his head.

"haha! You finally appeared! Where is the warrior of justice... …

Silence passed.

The code name is clearly visible, but their aircraft are suspicious of artificial intelligence.

“… … what? I came with strange parts.”

A form that exudes the aura of a predator among insects.

“Could that be it?”

Its outstretched limbs were slender, but it was the pinnacle of mechanical engineering, capable of handling tons of weight like feathers.

“It’s the Grim Reaper.”

It was a product of Metal Genome, which was recognized as a luxury product by intermediate users with over 200 levels.

“Isn’t it fake? How could they all be equipped with Grim Reapers?”

If it is 7 times more expensive than the Amara integrated type, it can be said that the cost performance is the worst.

'If you equip that at level 20... … Literally become a reaper.

“Crazy guys. Buy a metal crab to catch us? What are you going to wear starting at level 70?”

"for a moment. wait."

It was then that a minute before the opening came to the news in the free bulletin board of Attogram.

Title: Aegis, the king of electronic warfare, appears in Atogram!

After entering through the link, there were more than 200 recorded videos taken by users.

Details were attached below the photo of Aegis bowing to Yahweh2.

-So, this reporter came to trace the actions of the Yahweh 2 party. As a result… … .

-Parts shop. Who is the branch manager? Sweep things up.

- Presumed to be a VIP.

He spits out the contents of the article in a distorted voice one minute before the opening.

“Those are gold coins.”

“What?”

The gangsters looked back at Yahweh 2.

“Check the Attogram board. I am not Lee now.”

Their pupils moved quickly.

“Yeah, that’s right.”

It was the strongest guild in the east country that could stand against the ascension guild in the west country.

“… … It’s like a dog, really.”

A minute before the opening, the decision was made.

“Fold. It's not good to touch the golden ring. Fighting will only embarrass us.”

Of course, but 5 minutes before the opening, the yard was already piled up like a mountain.

“It’s not over yet.”

He aimed at the back of the head with the strongest codename and shouted.

“You children! Give me my bolt thing! If you vomit gently, I'll release this guy!”

God of Destruction 707 snorted.

“You are talking nonsense! Do you think that would be intimidating? If you want to kill me, kill me!”

It was an issue that had already been communicated.

"shit! I'm going crazy! How not? Even if I have to wash the code name, those guys... …

Then Sirone shouted.

“Free my friend! If I send you safely this way, I will forget everything that happened.”

"huh?"

The gangsters were more embarrassed than the demons of destruction 707 and the others.

'What bullshit?'

If you die, start over again.

Of course, there is a chance of losing parts when you die, and a set of 100 pieces is quite expensive, but... … .

'They're gold coins.'

Would those guys dressed up in Metal Genome's Grim Reapers leave the Hundred Papers set?

God of Destruction 707 looked back at Sirone.

“Hey, what are you doing? The strongest code name is just to die. Then those guys will go crazy.”

“Yes, I guess. but… …

Sirone looked at the strongest codename lying with his left leg broken.

“Just because they are unhappy doesn’t make me happy.” “I don’t want to see the strongest code name die. Of course, you can start over and there will come a day when you need to use it systematically, but anyway, it's a bad feeling, to die.”

Even in a virtual world.

“I don’t like to give up when I have room to live. It's best if no one dies and wins. Whatever their feelings, I don't think it matters to us.”

The Demon God of Destruction 707 blankly opened his mouth.

'He's a really strange guy.'

However, if there was a way not to kill the strongest code name, it couldn't be better.

“Then what are you going to do?”

“Leave it to me.”

Something I realized in mid gear.

If this simulation is also an electricity world with time relativity, 'I can do it.'

While Sirone raised his concentration to the limit, he muttered two minutes ago.

“Why are they like that? You don't seem to want to fight?"

“Cheuk, now I know.”

Five minutes before the opening, the corner of his mouth tore.

“The honor of the golden ring. What would happen if a guild member was destroyed by guys like us who had nothing to lose? If I record it and post it on the bulletin board, there will probably be a fuss.”

"uh? is that so? They'll be mocked a lot in the west country. We are going to be heroes.”

"That's right. If you have to, you can just wash the code name. This fight, we win.”

5 minutes before the opening, he shouted.

"hey! Give me my bolt thing! Or bring a million galaxies! Then let this guy go!”

The Demon God of Destruction 707 shouted.

“You fool! Why are we giving you 1 million galaxies?”

"okay? Then this guy breaks all his limbs? Can he record it and play it?”

“Kuh! Come to think of it… …

Political issues remained.

“Now.”

When Sirone, who was watching the front, took a step, the gangsters shouted.

He stopped walking again, but Sirone's senses were already penetrating the depths of the world.

'The heart is the world.'

Park Ji's senses crossing over the other side began to extract signals contained in the landscape.

'I feel it.'

Even in the blank spaces, a feast of all kinds of information coded with electrical signals flowed like a torrent.

Sirone jumped between chords.

“Choeni bardo.”

It was a kind of memory jump, and in reality, it was like traveling through a wormhole.

"huh?"

When Yahweh 2 suddenly disappeared, Dog Pan 5 Minutes manipulated artificial intelligence here and there.

“Back behind!”

When he turned around at his colleague's frightened scream, Yahweh 2 was embracing the strongest code name before he knew it.

"you… … you… …

Chunk! Chunk!

Sirone's right humerus opened, and an output device resembling a bird's claw protruded.

'Energy beam.'

When the thick beam hit the stomach, the armor's durability dropped to 500, 400, and 300.

The gloves will burn in 2 seconds.

“Aaaaaaa!”

5 minutes ago, when he twisted his body and collapsed, his colleagues opened fire with their guns.

“Kill!”

A gunshot went off, and Men Sirone, who heard the strongest code name, kicked the ground away.

"damn! What is so fast?”

As if a humpback bee was flying, only black afterimages were visible, and sparks splashed on the poor ground.

Sirone's friends joined the battle.

"good! It's a start!”

2 minutes and 3 minutes before the opening were burned by the energy beam.

“Aww! it's annoying!"

Although there is a limit on the output according to the level, the durability was still the metal genome.

“Puhahaha! This really kills me!”

Durability 5,687/7,000.

No matter how hit, there was no sign of the armor breaking, and in the meantime, the 4th minute of the game collapsed.

“These bastards!”

The amara unit aimed at the front and fired bullets like a shower with the roar of its motor.

Drooling!

As the Demon God of Destruction 707 rolls on the floor, flames cover the gloves and durability increases.

fell to 4,544.

- Hey, are you okay?

Death Princess communicated.

-uh. It's a part that works even at level 60, so it's durable enough. You don't have to be openly right.

“Come on! I mean dump! Bastards!”

Debris bounced in the frenzy of madness, and Yahweh 2 jumped out of the blurred vision.

“I'll take care of it!”

Yahweh 2 was captured even a minute before the opening.

“That guy… …

Even artificial intelligence couldn't catch the appearance of it approaching as if jumping through space.

'You're using strange options.'

Like a black bee hunting, Sirone quickly circled around the Amara integral.

'Jump through space. But it's not like you can freely set the location.'

It moves along the code.

"It's here!"

Gaepan 1 minute ago, which identified the movement route, turned 60 degrees and fired a predictive shot.

'I got it!'

Yahweh 2 was approaching, dodging between the bullets.

“What is it? Seed… … !”

Moving swiftly in the slowed-down time, Sirone activated a selective option.

'Turbo.'

Receiving the doubled output, he rushed forward and raised his left hand.

'If you defeat it, you win.'

A flat output device popped out and turned on a knife-like energy cutter.

A minute before the opening, terrified, let out a scream.

“Aaaaaaa!”

Sparks flew on Grim Reaper's gloves and their durability began to decrease rapidly.

'6,871, 6,123, 5,231... …

Sirone's artificial intelligence, which deflected the danmaku with no blind spots, approved the penetration test.

'Now!'

The energy cutter pierced Amara's one-piece armor, but the Grim Reaper's left arm was also shattered.

When it crashed into a land projectile with a bang, the aircraft weighing more than one ton leaned backwards.

"uh? uh huh?”

Because it is specialized in attack, it has a low center of gravity, but once it collapses, it is difficult to get up.

Whoops!

At the place where the ground shook and the gunfire stopped, the half-destroyed Gaepan gang made an absurd expression.

"ha. ha."

Yahweh 2, whose left arm was ripped off, stepped on the stomach a minute before the opening and was aiming at the gun.

“Surrender.”

The Amara unit struggled for a while, then dropped its output as if it had given up.

Woo woo woo.

The passionate noise died down, and voices were heard.

“… … surrender."

“I apologize for attacking Princess Death. And don't disturb us again.”

“I have no intention of touching it anyway. Guys, if you have something to apologize for, do it. We lost.”

“Sheesh.”

Five minutes before the opening, he turned his head.

"sorry. okay?”

His body was damaged in the battle, and only the face and half of the upper body remained.