[597] Time Cube (4)

<event coordinates>

Time: 2 hours 32 minutes.

Space: Warehouse 19.

Destiny's Warehouse #19.

If anyone remembers the records of Upper Istas, he would have called this place that way.

After Hexa was killed by Lukang, Yoga wandered in search of the maze that had left.

'Nothing is over yet.'

The maze will somehow find a solution.

'Because he's that kind of person.'

Some put the names of Miro and Yoga on the same line, but to her, Miro was a younger sister she could respect.

- Mr. Miro will save this world in the future.

It was for this reason that he was able to remain calm even in the confession of a boy he met in the upper floors.

“Here you are.”

The warehouse door opened and Nickel, the captain of Mars, entered.

His men did not accompany him, but blood was clinging to his body.

“Mr. Nickel.”

“I have confirmed that the child is dead.”

"yes. If the incident ends like this, peace will come to mankind again.”

Unlike Yolgah, who only worried about Miro, Mars came here with a mission to protect the kingdom.

“You worked hard.”

That's why Nickel had one more incident to happen before the case was closed.

“Ten thousand words. It would have been impossible without the sacrifices of the Mars crew.”

Yolgha smiled, but her eyes were still sad.

“… … Just in case, is there really no way out?”

there is.

If Guffin led all of this, it is because his plan is for the maze to achieve its goal and return to the world again.

“The coordinates are jumbled up. Will I be able to find an exit?”

If the events of the closed curve continued to circulate, they would all become the ghosts of Istas.

"okay."

Nickel, deep in thought, placed a hand on his chest with a stern face and said.

“Thank you on behalf of the kingdom.”

Yoga looked into Nickel's eyes for a long time.

"you're welcome."

But she wasn't one to calculate her emotions.

“Rather, I am… … .”

The moment I bowed my head to Nickel, a dagger plunged into Yoga's heart.

“The white porcelain of the royal palace. Even you won't survive.”

An evil assassination weapon that melts the blade when it enters the body and turns the blood all over the body white.

It was Yolga's will that she cried out and vomited a bowl of blood.

“Yolga!”

Edgar slams Nicky's head sideways and Mustang grabs the collapsing Yolgah in his arms.

It was after he had already stopped breathing.

In the terrible situation where Yoga's sincerity was repaid with murder, blood in the eyes of his colleagues rose.

"you… … !”

Half of Nickel's face had already been blown off, but he was still breathing like a Mars commander.

“Why did you kill him?”

Nine grabbed the sword and approached.

“Because it is dangerous. i am a soldier I am only carrying out the king's orders.”

The ideology of Yolgha was dangerous to the monarchy.

“This bastard!”

As Edgar approached to take his breath away, Mustang saw Nickel's eyes and shouted.

“Back off!”

Another piece of magic bomb, X-Force, came out of Nickel's arms.

“Long live the kingdom of Tormia!”

Before the sword thrown by Nine could even reach it, the glass marbles of X-Force shattered and a local magical storm raged.

The frenzy that burns lives is made with the blood of countless tribes and the sacrifices of magicians.

As the terrifying blue light swept all around and disappeared, Yoga's breathless comrades lay on the ground with grieved faces.

“… … That's how it happened.”

The warehouse door opened and Fermi entered.

Even in the face of the deaths of his mother and his uncle and aunt, who had always loved him, Fermi was not shaken.

'Coldly, calmly.'

The place he turned to was Warehouse 44, where the safe was located.

“To bypass time… … .”

<event coordinates>

Time: 1 hour 48 minutes.

Space: Supernatural Psychic Research Society.

Returning to Istas through the Guffin's Gate, the prince of Kazra was asleep in Maze's arms.

Sirone's feelings for following her were still not good, but in the end she had to make a choice.

“Sirone, there is no need to complicate things.”

Miro said.

“To you, the present is my future. Return with the secrets of the upper echelons. You can do what you can there.”

Then the door opened and Yoga entered.

'It's finally happening.'

Sirone was nervous about meeting another version of herself, but there was no one by her side except her colleagues.

'The case was twisted again.'

Then, who the hell sent Yoga here?

“Miro, who is the child you are holding right now?”

Miro's eyebrows twitched.

'Know. Who the hell?'

Even if we met in a different time zone, it was never a matter to tell Yoga.

“I am the prince of Kazura. Hexa is no longer here. So stop giving up, too.”

"no."

Yolga's gaze turned to the Guffin's Gate.

Until the closed curve was completely closed, the dimensions would have been connected.

“I can get it back now.”

“There is no going back. As long as I am.”

“Miro, don't say it's just a few sacrifices. This is a denial of the value of the whole human being. If we do not choose our future, we will perish.”

Yoga's insight looked beyond 100 years, 1,000 years, and more than 10,000 years.

“You can’t make a history of relying on one transcendental person for everything.”

“Guffins fought for humans.”

“But he is not our god. let us choose That is the only way man becomes infinite.”

“If we don’t stop now, there is no future. I just have to sacrifice everything in place of Guffin's will.”

As expected, a compromise could not be found, and Yoga tightened her eyes and spoke softly.

“I will not make it.”

Miro looked back and said.

"Guard the Guffin's door."

The moment Yoga's companions moved, Sirone and Anchal blocked the door.

'Is this really the right thing?'

Sirone saw a point in what both of them said.

Life is like that anyway, and that's why choice may be punishment.

'You can't shake. I just have to do what I think is right.'

Gaold did it, Zulu did it, Flu did it.

'That's the wizard.'

I decided to trust the maze.

For unknown reasons, she sent Hexa back to her original world instead of imprisoning him in the dimensional wall.

That was the only light of hope that led Sirone.

"It's too late, sister."

Miro launched the Prince of Khazra into the air and set him down in a corner.

"If you're going to kill me, do you want me to kill you?"

Now that the exchange with Hexa was over, there was no reason for Miro to risk her life to protect the prince of Kazura.

“Because it is a sacrifice.”

A light shimmered in Miro's eyes, and a huge incarnation of Kannon, which had never been seen before, rose up.

“It will be different from now on.”

In Yoga's body, the incarnation of Mary also bloomed.

“Even Guanyin cannot break my incarnation.”

“If you are Saint Mary, yes.”

When Miro's hands crossed, Guanyin's palms overlapped in hundreds and landed on the top of Yoga's head.

“You keep getting beaten up.”

Cuckoo coo coo!

At the same time as the warehouse shook, Yoga's companions rushed to the Guffin's door.

“I will take care of the woman. Guard the door.”

Anchal lured Mustang, and Edgar and Nine attacked from the left and right of Sirone, who was left alone.

Sirone, who identified the movement with Armand's sensitive nerves, let out a big breath.

“Whoa!”

The spirit of the wizard who added one opinion for the future of mankind was no longer shaken.

'Antithesis!'

As the eyes of Akamai turned into the cybernetic brain, Edgar and Nine, who came close to each other, stiffened.

“Keugh!”

In an instant, the will to act was restrained, and the borderline in Sirone's spirit zone disappeared.

Elysion - Sona Explosion.

A light was born in the bodies of Edgar and Nine and began to swell rapidly.

'Nonsense!'

No spirit zone can cause a phenomenon inside a creature with its own spirit.

However, since Sirone has no mental boundaries, it was enough to cast it on the space itself.

'This is an instant death if caught!'

No matter what in the world, there was no ability to withstand an explosion inside, so Edgar and Nine activated the mortal schema and barely escaped the antithesis.

That alone could be said to be a great skill, but it was not possible to completely avoid the exploding mass wave.

Two explosions erupted in succession, and the bodies of the two flew to the wall.

Although the body was spared from exploding, Edgar's mechanical arm was smashed and Nine suffered severe internal damage.

Mustang, who was fighting fiercely with Anchal, looked back at Sirone in disbelief, and Yoga also trembled in the state of Saint Mary.

"how… … .”

Not because I saw something completely different.

Rather, it was a shock that was so familiar, but that no one could imitate.

“Guppin’s Ultima System?”

Miro shrugged his shoulders as if it were natural.

“That child is the future Hexa.”

Yoga's eyes shook in shock as she looked at Sirone.

* * *

As Lichen, who was betrayed by Fermi, changed his behavior, Lukang met his death with his lower body crushed by Miro again.

Yoga's kiss was a bonus.

So, leaving Lukang's body behind, Fermi appeared in front of them as they set out to find the maze again.

<event coordinates>

Time: 1 hour 10 minutes.

Space: Warehouse 65.

"you are?"

“I am a merchant. It smells like money here.”

Yolgha stared at the young man's nostalgic face and finally smiled.

“The merchants are everywhere.”

Mustang said.

“He looks like Fermi.”

Yoga asked the horse with bones.

“May I know your name?”

“Coincidentally, my name is also Fermi.”

Fermi came over and asked, scratching his head.

“I guess you know of a Fermi, too?”

"yes. He is the most precious person to me.”

Fermi secretly chewed the flesh from the inside of his lower lip and ripped it off.

As long as Yoga is not shaken, he must not be shaken either.

“So did you find any money?”

Fermi took out dozens of <The Last Cry of the Jaeger Family> from his pocket.

“Yes, quite a bit. If this is enough, hundreds of billions of gold should be in no time.”

Yolga stared at Fermi's smile.

“How long have you been here?”

“Because there is no clock. It seems like it's been quite a while in terms of biological time.”

Even if it doesn't seem like Yoga's question, Fermi hurriedly changed the subject because it was always poking at the core.

“Take it. It's a deal.”

When the bag containing the object was presented, Yoga accepted it obediently and checked the contents.

“That's a good thing. It is a replica.”

It was no coincidence that Fermi chose the item to take to the upper floors as <The Last Cry of the Jaeger Family>.

She didn't say anything, but Yoga must have already known, and she shook her head embarrassingly.

"It's like getting dozens of lives, but I don't have the ability to pay that much value."

“ I don't need money. Because it's already full and overflowing. After all, he is very resourceful.”

Yoga laughed happily.

“That's really great. Then what do you want from me?”

“There is something I want to ask you. Getting advice from a great wizard is worth it.”

Yoga's head tilted like a cat.

“If there is anything I can answer.”

Fermi smiled and asked.

"I am… … Are you doing well?”

For him, it was a question that he couldn't buy even if he paid billions of dollars.

---------------------------------------