[93] Genius who lost his light (2)

“It is a good decision. Ignoring 9 just because you got 1 out of 10 is stupid. Under no circumstances should you stop thinking. Everything in the world is determined by the amount of thoughts. The same goes for combat.”

“Don’t get me wrong. I will never forgive you.”

“Chuck! If you have the guts, there is nothing better. Shall I guess? You are the type to grow in practice. A school that only teaches stereotypes doesn't suit you. How are you? won't you come with me? Then I will make you the best wizard.”

“Don’t talk nonsense. I respect the teachers here much more than murderers like you.”

“Tell me, then. what have you learned here? Photon Cannon? red wave? If that’s not the case, did you give me advice on immortal functions?”

Sirone's eyes widened slightly.

“How did you do that… … ?”

Arcane burst into laughter. It seems to be a teacher for this taste. Because I can round up kids who don't know the world and talk nonsense to their heart's content.

“It's really rare. Not to mention rare. Is immortal function a normal state? But, child, there are many terrifying monsters living where you don't know. If you hang out there with excitement... … .”

Arcane smiled, squinting one eye.

"Unlockers aren't that rare either."

Sirone swallowed dry saliva. How many slashes do you have to cross before you can say unlockers aren't rare? Aside from skills, the accumulated experience itself was a different person.

“I met 7 people in 100 years. Four were quite good and three were killed. The Unlocker's hallmark is its uniqueness. The possibilities for distortion are endless. But undisciplined uniqueness dies before a greater sense of security.”

It was an embarrassing but irrefutable statement. Personality can be a variable that ignores objective military power, but on the other hand, it was a double-edged sword that also loses power in front of the regular method.

“You learn nothing in a school that ignores individuality and teaches the same thing. You have to sharpen your own organs. If it were me, I could do that.”

“You don't learn magic to defeat someone. Don't treat me as a human being just like you.”

Arcane read the conflict in Sirone's eyes. No wonder. If it weren't for his obsession with magic and his desire for achievement, he wouldn't have reached the position he is now.

“You think everyone likes you now. However, humans are naturally friendly to great people. It's not because he likes you. How long do you think you can interact with such pretentious people?”

Everyone included in Arcane's words frowned. 

But Sirone just listened in silence.

“Be strong. So that they can't ignore you forever. Otherwise they will crush you. Even in such a situation, can you avoid a fight with a nice excuse?”

Arcane spread three fingers.

"3 years. Within that, I will develop you into a skill that no one on the continent can ignore. Do you think 3 years is short? Not in my opinion. If you maximize your individuality, nothing is impossible.”

At least to Sirone, it wasn't bullshit. As an Unlocker, there was little benefit for him to give up the guidance of the Archmage and remain at school. At most, it is easy to get a job in the wizarding society? 

“You are right.”

The faces of Iruki and Nade darkened. 

“Sirone… … .”

If it is true, there is no need to deny it. The Unlocker was a unique position in the wizarding society, and there was a limit to developing skills with the leveling education of the magic school.

“Maybe you are right. But still I won't follow. School is not a place where I have to fight, but a place where my life is contained. Teachers, friends, a sense of belonging. I don't think you can give me anything like this.”

Arcane made an impression. I don't know what Alfeas did, but I couldn't help but admire his ability to brainwash his students.

“You are being deceived. When it comes to life, it doesn't matter. If you weren't strong, you would have been just a mediocre kid in school. Proving your strength is everything in life.”

"If that's really all, why are you doing this?"

"what?"

"What's left of you, who fought like that and became an archmage? everyone hates you Actually, aren't you lonely too? Since no one is interested, you can only prove it this way.” 

Arcane gritted his teeth with a red face.

“You are talking nonsense. The strong are lonely. They are weak, so they try to unite. Look at the situation now. Everyone is kneeling at my feet. I am in control of them. That is loneliness.”

"no. You are just a murderer with no one looking after you.”

The word murderer sparked madness in Arcane's eyes.

"ha ha ha! It could be. But do you know? That I also once had a colleague. But he ruined everyone around him. That is the Alfeas you admire.”

Sirone didn't believe it. He had heard from Ethella that the two had a grudge. The Alpheas he knew was never the one to lead others to ruin.

“I don't know what happened in the past, but I won't listen to you. because he's a murderer And he's still committing murder.”

“You are a murderer. That Alpheas... … Even if you're a murderer just like me?”

Sirone opened her eyes. He couldn't help but be shocked this time.

"It is a lie. What do you know about the principal?”

“Chuck! Of course you know. Because that kid was my disciple.”

"what… … Called?"

Sirone was at a loss for words. Since childhood, Alpheas has been a pioneer of light magic. But how can a master of dark magic be a teacher?

Perhaps feeling the irony himself, Arcane looked up at the sky with vague eyes. The events of that day were still as vivid as yesterday. He stopped thinking and looked back at Etella.

“Is Alpheas married?”

"no. He has been living alone for the rest of his life and is working hard on his education.”

"is it."

A moment of sadness passed in Arcane's eyes. Alfeas hated 40 years, but if there was anything left to sympathize with, it was Erina.

“I don’t know if you know, but Alfeas was married.”

Ethella tilted her head. As far as she knew, Alfeas was unmarried. Even if she got married and separated, it was normal that it should remain on record as it was the union of her family.

“But the headmaster is single on paper.”

“Looks like you haven’t been recognized after all. Still, Alpheas is married. Because she lived together for three years. She was a woman named Erina. she was a great woman She shone more than anyone else and was beautiful.”

“What happened between the two of you? Is it something that still deserves resentment after 50 years?”

“At the time, Alpheas was recognized as one of the newcomers whose photon theory was recognized. He was awarded the Gold Circle by the Emperor, so you guessed the stature, right? Her job at the dragon's magic department was confirmed, and she was living with a woman from the Bastard family, so there was nothing to envy in the world. But she also had concerns for him.”

Arcane tapped her head and said.

“My wife Erina's intelligence has declined a little. She was at the level of a ten-year-old.”

“I see.”

“But Alpheas didn’t care. He truly loved his wife. His love was never pity or pretense.”

Arcane's memories went back in time. The time was 40 years ago. It was a time when Arcane ruled the world and Alpheas, who entered the world of magic, was called a supernova.

“Gold Circle Award of the Year! Mirhi Alpheas!”

Fanfare rang in the Grand Hall. Alpheas shed tears of emotion as he was hit by colored paper falling from the ceiling. The Gold Circle Award given to the wizard with the best achievement in a year. Once he won the prize, he could not only enter the Yongle, but also receive support from numerous aristocratic families.

“Congratulations, Alfeas. Of course I knew you would ride.”

“I wish you well in the future. Surely you won’t forget your alumni just because you’ve succeeded?”

Numerous mages gathered around Alpheas. Since his stock price would rise endlessly in the future, he was trying to take a look at it in advance.

However, there were certainly undesirable views. In particular, the face of Sarov, who had been fighting for the statue until the end, was crumpled as if he had chewed shit.

"joy. I caught a nerd and got out. Since it's a combination of Mirhi and Bastard, how can I overcome that?"

“Say that. Truly, medicine is your friend. But what can I do, the result came out like this. From now on, we also have to cover up what we say to Alpheas.”

Sarov knew. In any case, since he couldn't leave the wizarding society, it was best to get close to Alpheas.

“What are you going to do, Sarov? It gets weirder when we meet separately. Are you secretly burying me and asking for reconciliation?”

“No, I don't feel like that. I'm fine, so why don't you come too?”

“It’s the same feeling. just do it later Because two are better than one. Would you like to go out for a drink?”

“I will. I don't want to stay here any longer.”

Sarov took his friends and left the castle. Sarov was also a finalist who narrowly missed out on the Gold Circle award, but no one cared about the losers.

Clump burst into a big laugh and dragged Alpheas out of the crowd. Alfeas wanted to take a breather, but his face was caught in Clump's forearm and he shook violently.

“Hahahaha! this bastard! You did it! My friend received the Gold Circle! I can't believe it!”

"it hurts! It hurts!”

Alpheas screamed, but Clump's celebration didn't stop.

“When I pretended to be unluckily smart, I really wanted to beat it up, but now I see that I was a genius, right? You did it, man!”

Alpheas felt dizzy and was about to die, but he didn't think about getting out. It's a gold circle. When, if not today, will you experience this exhilarating pain?

"now! It's a good day, so let's drink until our noses are crooked. The bar is reserved, so you can leave your brain and go with your stomach.”

Alfeas finally got out of the head lock and said with an apologetic smile.

“Oh, I don’t think it will work right away? I'll go somewhere for a while.”

"what? If the main character is missing, why are we toasting for fun?”

“To go home. I want to hang a medal on her wife.”

Even Klump couldn't stop it. Although she married Erina a year ago, she was unable to receive support from her parents' families and was living in a small house for newlyweds in a common area.

It started with the Mirhi family. His son, who sent him to study abroad, said he would marry a foolish woman, so there was no way he would agree.

Then the Bastard family responded without losing. Even in the same first-class aristocrat, there was a clear difference between the province and the capital, so he was in the position that he would not be inferior even if his daughter was a little short.

In the end, Alpheas and Erina had no choice but to have an informal wedding ceremony at a gathering of only their friends.

"Right. There was Mr. Jesu. Why don't you bring it?"

"it's okay. What wife would love to see her husband play with a drunkard? She'll just be back for a while.”

“Damn it, you’re noticing it. Then go quickly.”

“I’ll be back soon. Go to the bar first!”

Alpheas came out of the castle as if he were running away. He worked hard day and night to study, and his stamina was exhausted, but he didn't get out of breath today.

'done! I did it!'

Won the most prestigious award in the kingdom. With this achievement, the Mirhi family would have no choice but to accept themselves again, so having a spiritual wedding with Erina was not a dream either.

“Honey, I’m here.”

Erina knew that it was the day the winners were decided. She came out of the kitchen just like yesterday, although in any other house she would have prepared a surprise party.

"came? Did you eat?"

---------------------------------------