[234] 4. Combat Simulation (4)

Olivia, who visited the training ground, stood in front of the students.

“Since this is the first class, I will explain it myself. You will be confused by the sudden change of subject. But a mage must be strong. You probably know something about the 2,000 times. It is a device developed by Louis Jacobin, a pioneer of hextech, and is a system designed to enable real-life combat even in training situations.”

The name Jacobin sounded loud to Nade like through a loudspeaker.

As the world's best magic engineer, he was the one who created the extraordinary masterpiece called Image Zone.

With the advent of the Image Zone, it became possible to see the Spirit Zone, and the system developed to 2,000 times.

People in the world pay tribute to the battle mage's splendid reputation, but who raised the battle mage?

If it weren't for the Jacobin device, the level of wizards would have been stagnant for 30 years.

“Mr. Sade, please give me the master bracelet.”

Sade brought 2 bracelets. Olivia wore it on her wrist and then showed it to her students.

“Here is a red bracelet and a blue bracelet. Each bracelet has a different function, so don't swap them with your friends. The red bracelet converts the wizard's state into information, and the blue bracelet converts the external state into information. Those two pieces of information are transmitted to the tower to realize the virtual world. Everyone, try it too.”

Students received a pair of bracelets. When I put it on my wrist, red and blue lights turned on.

“Then, from now on, I will operate it two thousand times.”

When the administrator activated the system, the ground began to shake as if an earthquake had occurred. As the height of the physical blocks on the floor changed, a complex zone was created as if realizing the natural environment.

When a virtual landscape they had never seen before was overlaid, the students opened their mouths in a daze.

I heard about it from seniors in my senior year, but when I actually encountered it, it was a sense of reality that was incomparable to that.

The fictional landscape was the urban area of ​​Creas City. No one passed by, but the scene where hundreds of houses were close to each other was enough to believe that it was real.

“City is not good. Please change to another scenery.”

The arrangement of blocks began to change. Blocks on the northeast border, which account for a quarter of the total area, descended all at once. 

The water rose in the hollow and created a lake, and from there the surrounding landscape turned into a forest.

It was a heavenly mountain, untouched by human footsteps.

“It is also a prestigious school. It is difficult to make a lake even two thousand times. More than 80 percent of the natural features are physical blocks, but the scenery is all created virtually. The blue bracelet receives the information and transmits it to your brain. Therefore, when you take off the bracelet, only the physics block remains. Take a look around first. I'll give you 10 minutes.”

The students entered two thousand times in rows. Even though no one told them to, the fact that they didn't break the line was proof that they were nervous.

It was common to see things in the mountains, but even the rolling stones were amazing. Sirone's party went to the lake and looked around. 

When Nade touched the wood, the blue bracelet glowed, conveying texture.

"It's awesome. This isn’t even a physical block, is it really virtual?”

“The leaves look real too.”

Sirone tore off the leaves. It did not disappear and was placed on the palm like a real thing.

Iruki approached the lake and scooped water with his hand to drink it.

"how is it? Does it taste like water?”

"It's not that much, it's going to be a year at all. Of course it would be an illusion. The brain determined that it was water. This is a bit dangerous.”

Sirone thought the same. What if it was fire instead of water? Will the brain perceive the information of the heat and the body will burn?

It may not be that much because it is not a real fire. But it was unpredictable.

Sirone looked back at Nade, who was well versed in this.

“Nade, this… … .”

"okay! Similar to the spirit zone mechanic! It's amazing! Louis Jacobin embodies the human spirit through mechanical devices.”

If the biologist's dream is to replace human organs with prosthetic organs, the engineer's ultimate goal is a machine that thinks like a human.

Although still far away, at least the Jacobins seemed to have succeeded in informatizing the human mind.

“When I decided to open Icheonbeon to advanced classes, I heard there was a lot of resistance from the teachers. I guess now I know why. I could die if I didn't.”

“Yes, I could die.”

Olivia was approaching before she knew it.

“If I could die… … .”

“But don't worry. Except for the graduation exam, the synchro rate is not set to 100%. Currently, the filter is off for demonstration, but it will be around 50% when you experience it. The graduating class is 80 percent. These are the regulations set forth in the Kingdom Education Act.”

Iruki said.

"Even if it's 50 percent, it's not necessarily safe, right?"

“You are surprisingly timid, Iruki-kun.”

“I don’t want to be a fool who unknowingly jumps in and dies.”

Olivia stared at Iruki. She was once a child who was considered to be on the same level as Dante.

However, I remember that the Royal Magic School was not a place that was easy enough to accept the students' arrogance, and eventually dropped out.

'Is there only three tongues left now? It's a pity.'

Olivia looked back at the students and said.

“Iruki-kun is right. Two thousand times is dangerous. But it's a risk you can control. Already at the Royal School of Magic, students are freely adjusting the synchro rate from 1% to 100% according to their level, and are training close to actual practice. I'm not saying take risks, I'm just saying you have control.”

There is no need to apply a high synchro rate. It was said that since it is definitely education, if you practice according to the level, your sense of practice will naturally rise.

When the students returned to their seats, Olivia started the 2,000th lesson in earnest.

“The bracelet I am wearing is for the Master, unlike you. It has become a device that can control 2,000 different functions. Then let me show you what makes it different.”

A 60 cm long red gauge floated above Olivia's head.

“This is my mental strength expressed as a percentage. Of course, you won't be able to see the gauges during practice. First, let me explain what it does. Mr. Sade, please call the monster.”

Master bracelets share a function. It was designed so that even if one teacher tried to endanger the students, as long as the other teachers were wearing the master bracelet, nothing dangerous would happen.

"All right. But there... … With what?”

In an embarrassing situation, like choosing a lunch menu, Saad gave up the option. 

Olivia also put her chin on her chin and struggled, as if it were ambiguous.

“Hmm, is it version 6.2?”

“Yes, this is the latest version. I updated my information 10 days ago.”

“Then the demons must have been added. Let’s do it as a succubus.”

The students' eyes widened.

“Sir, a succubus? You mean you can really call a succubus?”

Demons are a powerful race on a different level from monsters. It is found in closed spaces such as ancient towers and underground labyrinths that have been cut off from human footsteps, and even in such areas, the country prohibited entry unless it was a party of 6th grade or higher.

It was an established theory that the collective consciousness of the ancients must have been projected, given that the gods in mythology had the characteristics of demons.

The fact that new demons are not appearing in modern times where individuality is emphasized was also an opinion that supported the orthodox theory.

Since the concept of good and evil was unclear in ancient times, taboos beyond imagination were practiced.

The stimulation enjoyed by the people at the time was so intense that it could not be felt even in modern warfare, and it was the demons called ancient gods that sublimated that desire.

As it is widely believed that the succubus also occurred during an orgy, it was only natural that the curious students were nervous.

“Then let’s begin.”

After finding the code name of the succubus, THAAD transmitted the information to the central control room.

As the light shot from the four spiers, translucent objects fluttered in the secluded landscape, and a succubus was realized.

The students looked at each other without even blinking. I was looking forward to it because I had come across it in novels or myths rather than in professional books, but unlike my expectations, it was a terrible appearance.

The naked woman's body was blue as if it were bruised, and ugly bat wings hung on her back.

Her eyes were straight, her nose was perfectly upturned, and her teeth were so messed up that her lips would stick out even when she closed her mouth. Like her corpse, her bluish lips added to the grotesque.

“Um, is that a succubus?”

The male students made disgusted faces. No matter how beautiful the body was, other ugly features aroused disgust.

Olivia looked into the succubus' face. She was reported as an auditor by the Teachers' Association, but this was the first time she actually checked.

He nodded his head when he saw that the characteristics of the succubus he had defeated in his childhood were well contained.

“Well, this is fine. The demons were dubious about the lack of data.”

Olivia caught the attention of the students by clapping.

“Come on, everyone. This will be your first time seeing a succubus. It looks like this. Monsters that are implemented 2,000 times are being updated based on information from numerous explorers and scholars. It's the first time I've seen the demon version. Then let's see how well you implemented your obscurity this time.”

When THAAD converted to test mode, the succubus' appearance began to change.

The students opened their mouths with bewildered faces. In particular, saliva leaked from the mouths of men.

A succubus with straight black hair, white skin and a neat face was smiling. Of course, he was completely naked.

“Hey, Headmaster. There are still young students, but this kind of... … .”

Saad said, but Olivia rather moved away so they could take a closer look.

“Well, how are you? Can this be called beautiful?”

A thunderous roar erupted from the men.

“Wow! it's the best! really great!”

“I don’t think I would get bored with a class like this all day long.”

Olivia had a pretty eye smile.

“Then you are all dead.”

The hall became quiet as if cold water had been poured on it.

“No matter how they look, they are demons in essence. What is a demon? It's an ugly mistake made by humans who lived a long time ago. There is only one thing to judge when you see demons. Can you kill it or not? The moment you make any other judgment, your neck will be rolling on the floor.”

Olivia nodded to Sade, and the succubus returned to its original ugly form.

The children felt terrified at the thought of seeing such a monster and being ecstatic for a moment.

“There is a saying. Seeing is the spirit. It's just that the appearance of a succubus can shake the spirit zone. To deal with demons, you must have a party of at least level 6 or higher. At that level, a moment of inattention leads to annihilation. Whether the swordsman is distracted or the surgeon rushes to the wounded, the mage must not be swayed. Because we keep a cool eye on the situation, our comrades are able to carry out their mission at full strength. That's why mages are the party's first priority to survive, and even if they die, they must die last.”

The students were listening intently. It was the first class to tell about what is happening on the front line. 

This was also the practical education advocated by Olivia.

"How about this? This is the two-thousand-fold efficiency. No matter how much I explain it in words, it is a world different from seeing it with my own eyes. Of course, fighting the demons is a story in the distant future. However, 2,000 Battles is one of the graduation exam subjects. If you make this mistake in the Colosseum, you are eliminated. Sending a wizard like that to the battlefield would kill my comrades.”

---------------------------------------