[264] Circumstances of the Ogent family (3)

Since I came to school, I wanted to buy some food for the first time in a long time.

Recently, I've been hanging out with a lady named Tess, and I liked one of them. Although we only met her once, she was also a good child with a friendly personality and able to accept Rian's stubbornness.

When I arrived at the training ground, I saw Lian practicing swordsmanship.

I heard that they train like this during lunchtime because Tess brings a packed lunch.

He was beating the dummy with his club, and even from a distance, he felt a strong energy.

Sitting on the grass and drinking water, Tess' gaze was fixed on the club that Lian was explosively wielding at some point.

After I went to heaven, I increased the intensity of my training, and now I was spending more time running than resting.

Tess picked up the Spirit magazine that Ryan had thrown.

It contained the knight of Sirone who defeated Dante, the greatest star in the kingdom.

No matter how many times I read it, the part where Sirone came out was faded because the paper was worn out.

There was also an article about Sirone's parents on the next page, but I glanced at it and didn't look back after that.

'Lian... … It must be painful.'

Tess knows how Lian trains.

Lian is Sirone's sword, and I could feel how great his determination was when he returned from heaven.

To him, Sirone's success would be an irreplaceable joy, but his disappointment in himself would have doubled.

Just looking at the fact that the training volume increased 1.5 times from the day after reading the article, it was like that.

If it was 1.5 times, it could be said that it was a little too much for the swordsman, but Lian's case was an exception.

Even if not, the 1.5 times increase was a murderous routine for him who tests his limits every day.

But Ryan did it.

It was a bizarre phenomenon unique to Lian that could not be explained by any talent.

Tess looked at the trajectory of Lian's sword and stuck out her tongue.

It was as if he had put his soul into a single sword.

'Really strong. Honestly, even if I deal with the schema, I wonder if I can get it.'

On the other hand, Ryan thought differently.

'no. I can't take it down like this.'

Lian wasn't looking at the dummy.

I was watching the vision of Ymir floating behind the pile.

Although he was small for a giant, his strength was embedded deep in his bones.

“Aaaaaaa!”

Lian slapped the club frantically.

It was a specially made club, and it weighed the same as the greatsword inherited from his grandfather. Still, it was like swinging a cane.

'no! no! no!'

When I first started training for dummy hitting, it was so painful that I wanted to die every time I swung it.

But after going through that process, I was now thirsty.

Why isn't it moving faster? What did she do when she cut off Ymir's arm?

At that moment, the illusion that all of his attacks were destroyed by Ymir's blow came flooding in.

A huge fist flew into the face.

Ymir shouted.

'That's not it!'

“Aaaaaaa!”

Lian slammed the club straight down.

The dummy that hit the top of the head was crushed from the pillar first, and then exploded into fragments.

"wow… … .”

Tess widened her eyes.

It wasn't the first time he'd broken a pile, but this blow was subtly different from the others.

Realizing that fact, Lian also paused for a while in the position where he swung his sword, recalling the feelings from a while ago.

All senses must be absorbed.

A talented swordsman might have an insight that he would know without trying it, but the only way he proceeded was to learn it through his body.

“Rian! Sister is here!”

Lian's face twisted at Reina's voice.

It's fortunate that he roughly came to his senses, but if he had called himself a little faster, everything would have been in vain.

"what? What happened to school all of a sudden?”

Before Rayna could answer, Tess hurried over.

Scoring points for the future sister-in-law in advance was written at the beginning of a love white paper I read recently.

"hello."

“Yes, it’s been a while, Tess.”

Ryan asked again.

"What's going on?"

“Uh, that… … .”

Reina was speechless.

I heard Kuan's advice, so if I said I came because of my grades, it would backfire.

However, there was no particular excuse, so I was wasting time, but suddenly a security guard shouted outside the training ground.

"entire! attention!"

Lian, Tess, and Raina turned their gaze toward the entrance of the training ground.

Rian's grandfather, Ogent Klump, was walking along with the teachers of the swordsmanship school like a tail.

A certified third-class prosecutor came to the school, so it was only natural that they, both teachers and prosecutors, were stumped.

However, Rian and Raina were anxious in a different way.

Although the retirement age is just around the corner, Clump was still a factor that exerted a great influence on the military.

It was said that if such a person suddenly came to school, it was not an ordinary case.

Ryan and Tess immediately took a stand at attention.

Even if your family is a student of a swordsmanship school, you are at the end of the army's ubiquity. 

If he didn't show respect to the commander, Clump, he could actually be punished by military law.

"rest."

When Klump gave instructions, Lian and Tess obeyed the order with their stiff shoulders slightly lowered.

Klump looked back at the scene at the training ground. It was lunchtime, so it was all about Lian and Tess. 

“Are you training during lunch? That’s a very good attitude.”

"thank you."

Tess straightened up again and said.

This is the second time I've met Klump. She had said hello to Rayna before when she was invited to her house for dinner.

I remembered that he made me feel comfortable because he had a pleasant personality like a soldier in Ganggol, but I couldn't act rashly at this place.

The teachers standing in the back watched with bated breath how things were going.

Klump carefully checked Lian's balance.

I know that I was in last place in the midterm exam. She just laughed when Rayna made a fuss about going to school and arguing.

It's important how high you climb, but I think Lian's will to never give up is the biggest weapon.

However, when I actually checked it out, it was different from what I expected.

Clump took the club that Lian was holding and swung it around.

Hmmm, thinking, he reached out his hand this time and massaged Lian's shoulder and arm.

At one point, his hands stopped and his eyes lit up.

“It weighs the same as the straight sword of the Ogent family. Are you swinging until the pile breaks?”

"That's right."

Clump smiled and returned the club.

"It's definitely an ignorant way like you."

Ryan's lower lip pouted softly.

If it wasn't for school, it would have clearly shown what the youngest grandson's fear was, but here, class was a gangster.

"what… … Do it yourself. Because it is your life.”

“Yes, I intend to do so.”

When Lian answered harshly without crossing the line, Klump shook his shoulders and laughed.

For some reason, I felt very good.

He looked back at the teachers and nodded as if he had taught them well, and the teachers sighed in relief.

Reina could now guess what her grandfather felt for Lian.

With that thought in mind, I secretly looked at Quan.

Embarrassed, she shook her head.

In any case, it was fortunate that Lian didn't look so hateful in the eyes of the prosecutors.

Klump turned his attention to Lian and went to Raina.

“Here you are. I found it in the royal castle, but I heard that I went here and came right away.”

"yes? Are you here because of me? What's going on?"

Clump glanced at Lian and sent a notice to avoid the seat. 

The reason he came here is because a spy arrived from Kazura Kingdom about Sirone's work a few days ago.

Since Rian made a knight oath with Sirone, of course he should inform him, but Clump wanted to stop it.

It's not a bloody opponent. Rather than the hot-tempered Rian, the calm Reina was perfect for this job.

Clump took Rayna and went into the shade of a tree.

When Lian was bullied, he put on a sullen expression, but soon he stopped caring.

My grandfather and sister were both busy people in the royal castle, so I just thought about what was going on.

After hearing about Sirone's situation from Clump, Reina widened her eyes.

"yes? The first prince of Kazura Kingdom?”

“I’m not sure yet, but it probably is. It seemed that he was almost certain of it. Things such as the circumstances, time, and place of Sirone's escape are all consistent. Also, Sirone is the only case where a child was abandoned near the Valley of Dawn.”

Rayna was silent for a long time as she was organizing her thoughts.

However, it is not a matter of complex priorities. If that decision had already been made, it was important to deal with it in the future.

"So that's what I mean... … I need you to go to my hometown. Take Sirone and go to Kazura Kingdom. I guess there is only you.”

Reina thought she was the perfect fit.

He was the only artist in the prosecutor's family, Ogent, who had a wide range of social activities, and his personal connections were solid as he entered the 99 elite artists' association.

However, she also fell in love with Lian. She hides the fact and she proceeds, and when she finds out later, she will be very disappointed.

“Shouldn’t I tell Ryan?”

"no. As you might have guessed, the atmosphere is not unusual. A small mistake can ruin everything. But as you know, that guy is a bit reckless.”

“I do.”

Since it was a place to go to a foreign country and meet the king, reason was more important than emotion.

In that respect, Lian was the number one risk factor.

If it's something related to Sirone, even a god, not even a king, won't be able to see it.

"all right. I will keep it a secret from Rian.”

“The date and route of the interview have been passed on as intelligence. You must not speak out until you reach Creas. It's something even Sirone shouldn't know about.”

Intelligence always comes and goes between countries. However, very few people had the authority to confirm the reality of the spy.

The reason behind the conspiracy theory is because of the covertness of shadow diplomacy.

In a sense, it is the same as playing house, but if the house play is on a national scale, the story is different.
Confidentiality had to be maintained as even the 
trivial issue of determining the envoy's accommodation could trigger a war.

“The place is Alpheas Magic School. 50 armed soldiers will accompany them, and Ordos, Kazura's executive officer, will contact Sirone as an envoy. Our side also sent a reply, but from now on, it's a fight. He'll probably try to take Sirone before we arrive. You have to move as quickly as possible. You can buy me some time.”

Reina nodded, feeling a heavy sense of duty.

"Yes, got it. Then I'll get ready and leave right away."

Khazra Kingdom (1)

The three-day preparation period requested by Ordos is over.

Sirone took a carriage ride with Reina and took a test of court etiquette as they headed to school.

“What is the first thing you do during audience time?”

“Get down on your knees, gaze 45 degrees down and place your hands on your chest. I give my official name and say that I am being called by Your Highness.”

“What is the standard for the morning time officially designated by the royal castle?”

“Half an hour before the lunchtime bell rings.”

Reina nodded in satisfaction.

“Okay, very good. How great?”

"lol! It was easy because there are many similarities to the Kingdom of Tormia.”

Tormia and Kazra Kingdoms had different eras, but they were independent brothers from the Yakma Republic, so their cultures and lifestyles were not very different.

Of course, it was true that Sirone, who was not a noble, had a lot to memorize.

But Rayna wasn't worried.

Since I was a smart child, I believed that I would do it, and in fact, I digested all manners with my head in three days.

However, Sirone, the person involved, still seemed uneasy.

“What if I make a mistake? So, 30 minutes before lunchtime is very ambiguous.”

Reina said while stroking Sirone's head.

“Huh, don’t be nervous. That's what a lot of aristocrats are wrong about. Of course, it would be better to keep it as much as possible, but I don’t go to jail for mistaking the time.”

---------------------------------------