[461] Call of Ra (3)

The place where Ymir's body was staying was deep underground in Helheim.

If you go down several tens of kilometers in the ice sea, not even light comes in, but Suoi, a creature that lives in symbiosis with Ymir, is floating around, emitting a weak light.

Suoi, who freely moves between solid molecules, has the nature of an incorporeal substance like the creatures of Helheim, and transmits all the information in the world to him through the unique ability of quantum transmission.

In Heaven, the only space where Ymir's body can be restrained may be the ice of Helheim, which never melts.

But Ymir didn't think so.

No physical force can restrain itself.

He can destroy anything, provided it is in a destructible form.

But the law, his law, was the vanguard of the war, and he knew that the time was not yet.

Suoi moved away from Ymir's pupils and displayed various images on the translucent body.

Ymir's pupils were indifferent to the circumstances of heaven, the circumstances outside of heaven, and even the circumstances of other worlds far away.

At that time, dozens of Suoi floating in groups in the distance overlapped, creating a battle scene of a man.

A boy holding a great sword, no, now with the body of a young man, he was competing with countless people.

Suoi's information is just information.

Ymir trusted his judgment, and it was never wrong.

'Not yet.'

One corner of Ymir's mouth went up.

Kwa-kwa-kwa-kwa-kwa-kwa!

Just that alone caused a huge 2 kilometer crack in the ice wall of the abyss.

'Not yet.'

Ymir just waited.

* * *

Kariel was busy preparing to destroy humans.

Yuriel, who watched the countless devices of the Great World War fly around at high speed, turned her attention to the maze that was caught under the galaxy mirror.

Accompanied by Arius, who had been baptized by her, she was immersed in thought with a nonchalant expression. She met Uriel's gaze and smiled.

At that moment, Uriel realized.

He is an abomination who opened the space-time of the labyrinth and scorned the angels, but the reason why the anger in his heart does not spread to hatred is because he is in awe of her.

It's not about being relaxed or full of confidence. There is no worry because there is no heart.

Perhaps it was the ultimate state of imagery that humans can reach, a sense of indifference.

'This is the first time I've felt curiosity about humans.'

Uriel asked.

“What are you thinking?”

"thought? What do you think?”

Miro put her chin on her head and asked again.

“All thoughts. I’m curious about the thoughts that are running through your head right now.”

“Hmm.”

Miro pulled his index finger from his chin and pointed at Yuriel.

“You look good. Do you have a lover?”

Miro's gaze swept over the Great World War.

“Isn’t that too crude for an angelic device? The aesthetics are also sloppy. Why is that little archangel so busy walking around like that? I’m hungry in real life, but won’t you give me something to eat?”

Miro laughed as he listed the thoughts that immediately came to his mind.

“If I asked to be released, wouldn’t he fall in love with my beauty and let me go?”

Uriel landed in front of the maze.

The 4-meter-long Gondola of Paradise rotated rapidly as it gathered light.

The Law of Destruction of Paradise - Cheon Do Eun Ha Ryun.

Woo woo woo!

As the goon of paradise bent forward with a terrifying roar, Kariel looked back in amazement ahead of Maze.

The moment the rotation stopped, a sharp noise like squeezing air penetrated the eardrum.

Uriel, who had stopped the plane of paradise next to Miro's temple, spoke in a solemn voice.

"Know your place. It won't do any good to upset me.”

"however… … .”

Miro, still smiling, asked with her eyes half-closed as if she was sleepy.

“Why are you excited?”

“… … .”

Angel doesn't have a heart, but he didn't even know what a heartbeat meant anyway.

Even so, I couldn't refute it because the more I tried to shake the maze, the more I felt an unpleasant feeling as if I was shaking myself.

After reaping the goon of paradise, Yuriel flew to Kariel. Now he too was hoping that the labyrinth would quickly disappear.

Kariel, who was looking at the screen of the central processing unit, said.

“I told you it wouldn’t be good to touch you like that. He is the one who scorned the army of Heaven.”

Uriel had no choice but to admit it.

How many men can penetrate and stir the mind of a lofty angel?

Kariel pointed to the situation of her troops and said.

“By the way, what about your situation?”

“1st, 2nd, 3rd, all are in good health. Of course, the ordinary angels under my control.”

"Right."

Unlike Kariel, who had a satisfied smile, Uriel looked back at the maze feeling embarrassed.

What the hell is she thinking?

“Kariel.”

"huh?"

Uriel said while still keeping his eyes on Miro.

“What does heart pounding mean?”

* * *

After the audience with Ankera, Ikael came down in the light elevator.

No longer did she have to be confined to a probation room.

For the first time in a long time, there was goodness in her eyes as she looked at the outside scenery.

The reason why the world is beautiful is because everything came out of the world.

Perhaps you forgot something. But it wasn't painful because I had already forgotten.

Hall is divided.

All sins have been blotted out.

And it was directly related to the authority of the Archangel, who had made all living things tremble a long time ago.

Her expression as she looked around the landscape with a beautiful smile gradually disappeared.

She regained the dignity of the archangel before she knew it, and spoke briefly while staring straight ahead.

“Ashur.”

visor!

Dozens of panels were embedded in Ikael's face, and Ashur appeared immediately.

As Ikael's power was released according to the law of his family, his power became stronger than before.

“Your servant answers the call.”

Ashur's voice overflowed with power, and a keen energy flashed in his eyes.

His pride reached its peak just because he was the archangel Ikael's triangular Mara.

“What about Kariel?”

“It is as we feared. We are currently mustering the White Watch and mustering the troops of the other archangels. In 24 hours we will leave for purgatory.”

“Tell me what you know.”

Ashur, who controls signals, conveys information faster than words.

But it was such an honor that I was rather afraid.

“Ikael-sama, I… … .”

"There is no time. Mental bonding is permitted.”

Ashur lowered his head with a thrilled expression.

Subsequently, countless panels unfolded and disappeared as if they melted into Ikael's asteroid.

As the information Ashur gathered quickly flashed through his mind, everything was clearly revealed.

Ikael lowered his eyes.

It wasn't difficult to decide where to start.

“Whoa.”

Ikael's eyelids gently lowered, and air was sucked into her chest.

The next moment, her eyes widened terribly, and a burst of rage erupted.

Ka-Li-L~!

“Aww!”

Ashur, who was close by, gritted his teeth and suppressed his fear.

Ikael's voice spread with tremendous amplifying power and spread to other heavens in concentric circles from Arabot at the center of Heaven.

Ka-Li-L~!

The beings from the 1st to the 7th heaven heard Ikael's voice and fell to the ground.

Not even fairies, giants, or even ordinary angels could resist the wrath of her voice.

Ka-Li-L~!

The echo penetrated the iron and vibrated the inside of the building, and finally reached the Great World War, which is staying at the end of the ritual.

Ka-Li-L~!

“Aaaaaaaang!”

Kariel cried with an expression like paint that had been released with all kinds of fearful emotions.

I don't know what the situation is, but Ikael is coming. Archangel Ichael is coming.

Kariel, who moved fast enough to be said to be the speed of light, flew up as soon as she grabbed Miro and Arius.

Before he had time to activate his ability, he pierced the ceiling with his body and disappeared. At the same time, the afterimage reached the galaxy mirror where Yuriel was standing, and Ikael appeared with a popping sound.

As the air was pushed out, the great world war shook like an earthquake.

“… … .”

Uriel looked at the profile of Ikael standing in front of him.

Eyes full of supreme confidence.

It was the image of the archangel he knew long ago.

“Uriel.”

“Dear Archangel.”

Uriel immediately lowered his head.

“Where is Kariel?”

Perhaps Anke Ra has entrusted all powers to her.

It is impossible to lie.

“I would have gone to the second thousand.”

City of Fallen Angels. It was the best and only place for Kariel to hide.

“Do you guide me?”

Ikael shook his head.

Kariel can be caught anytime.

What Ra wants is to postpone the war until he hears an answer.

Then, the first person she should meet was not Kariel.

“Go to purgatory. Uriel, you speak my words to the other archangels. From now on, don't do anything without my permission. In case of violation, I will use the authority of the archangel.”

“I will follow your will.”

Uriel, who obeyed the order, raised his head again and asked.

“Are you planning to go to the rebel headquarters?”

"okay."

Ikael opened his eyes and said.

“I will meet Sirone, the light of Area 73.”

* * *

Around dawn, Gaold returned to the Rebel 1st HQ. He was, of course, with the surviving Cage B team.

Giving up sleep, Sirone and the others who were waiting for Gaold ran.

Gaold looked exhausted, but thanks to Saint Moriac's treatment, he was not seriously injured.

Sein first showed interest in the goods that Cage Team B was transporting.

It was a container containing a large Targis.

When Sein left with the rebel engineer, all those who remained looked at Gaold's face.

After hearing about his painful past, I couldn't treat him as comfortably as before.

Gaold looked at the reaction and roughly guessed it, but it was not a big deal.

“What are you doing? Aren't you going to assemble the Targis? It's a war from now on. We'll hit it in 24 hours.”

The river is coming.

"are you okay?"

Gaold raised one eyebrow.

It was unexpected for Kang Nan to express his concern without thorns in his tone.

“Why are you like that? Are you upset?"

Outside of Miro and Sain, she has been by Gaold's side for the longest time, but this is the first time she has clearly learned about Gaold's past.

“Why me? If I had been curious, I would have asked right away.”

"haha."

Gaold passed his thumb back and pointed at Cage Team B.

“Take good care of yourself. It was half-destroyed by me, but it will help when needed.”

The Cage B team that I know as the chief of staff is by no means weak. Perhaps the result would have been different had Gaold not been the person they were targeting.

Whoa!

At that time, a siren sounded from the command and control room of the rebel headquarters.

While everyone was looking around, a soldier ran and shouted.

"air raid! Enemy raid! It's flying at breakneck speed!”

Hearing the soldier's voice, his gaze turned to the sky, but nothing was visible.

"what?"

Even the soldier had a blank expression.

When calculating the radius of the radar, it was normal to have already entered the line of sight.

Gaold said with a frown.

“Get ready.”

As soon as the horse landed, Jiangnan prepared for battle, and at the same time something crashed in front of them.

It took quite a long time to be recognized in everyone's head even though it was revealed at such a fast pace.

Meanwhile, the raider spread his wings of light and looked back at the rebels with his head held high.

“I-that… … .”

It was one angel who infiltrated the rebel 1st HQ.

A face imbued with sacredness in pure white beauty, a slender body with straight arms and legs.

Sirone felt his heart stop.

Archangel Ichael was looking at him.

---------------------------------------