Raid Control(3)

The light disappeared from Ergos' pupils, and the legs that had been driven into the cave fell off one by one.

As the ground shook and crashed, the creatures lost control and began to run amok in all directions.

Kiik! Kiik!

Unable to receive an order to attack, they turned left and disappeared in an instant.

“Whoa.”

Sirone exhaled a long breath and saw a translucent box spinning in front of Ergos' machine.

The reason why it has not materialized is that the priority for acquiring items has not been set.

'Michelan.'

I didn't know much about high gear, but I knew by feel that it was an item I wanted.

Just as he was about to touch the old-fashioned box, a group of mafia came running.

"for a moment! Wait a minute!"

Dex Gamseong came to Sirone's side and looked at the box with an expression of disbelief.

“It is real. It's a true legend grade.” Probability is what it used to be, but I couldn't believe it came out as a single challenge.

'The only legendary item Ergos gives is Michelan. If you sell this, Eunha will go... …

0 raced through his head.

'The Seoguk free pass is good, but Michelan is worth a lot more than that. If we eat this... …

Receiving Sirone's gaze, he cleared his throat.

“Hmmm, the principle is to jointly distribute galaxies obtained through party hunting. However, since items such as items cannot be distributed, the actual

I am not embodied.”

"Priority?"

“There are two ways. specified by the user. Leave it to chance. I usually do a lot of electrons, but when reliability is low, I draw a card. The highest number is given priority, and if you give up ownership, it goes to the next order.”

“Then designate me number one. I’ll give you a Seoguk free pass if you let me get Natello too.”

It was promised in the first place, but the Mafia party had no choice but to wrinkle their faces.

'I thought the legendary grade would come out for real

me.'

I saw Yahweh 2's ability with my own eyes, but I couldn't think of controlling the probability.

"why? Don't you want to give it all of a sudden?"

If you say it openly like this, no matter how materialistic you are, your face will burn.

Sona made a gesture of regret.

“No, to be honest! This is the jackpot of the jackpots, but isn’t it a bit disrespectful to eat alone? You have to make concessions at a reasonable level.”

The mafia helped.

“Ergos is also a C-type, and you were able to catch him because he had a chase pattern. You said you saw bullets and jumped over space. In the case of type B, it's a defense type, so your attack wouldn't have gone into the teeth.”

“Then what are we going to do? I need Michelan, what do you guys want? Galaxy?"

Fermi would buy it at any price.

“Galactic addition to Seoguk Free Pass. If Donatello comes out, pay it to the galaxy.”

Even if I die and wake up, I won't come out.

"okay. Then let me get Michelan for now. I'll go out and contact the golden ring.”

Sona said.

"That's not allowed. We'll keep it and return it when we settle the bill. There is a possibility that the gold ring may refuse to settle the settlement, and there is also a possibility that you will eat it and fly back to Dongguk.”

“It’s the same for everyone.” Sit down like the mafia's hungry

did

“We cannot yield. Choose well. If you don't set priority, you won't be able to get out of here until you disconnect.”

It wasn't enough that he broke his promise, so when he became persistent, Sirone gave up his standard.

“Okay, then let’s do this. It’s a matter of probability deciding who will take this.”

"huh?"

The mafia party turned their heads with a surprised expression.

"what's the matter? Are you tidy? I heard that priority is given to the person with the highest card?”

“It is, but… …

It was a 7 to 1 situation.

'Are you serious? Only one out of seven of us needs to be number one. No, no matter who you are, you only need someone with a hand higher than Yahweh 2.'

The mafia has risen.

“I accept it. In my opinion, that makes sense too. The others don't object'?”

Each nodded.

“Then Yahweh2, you touch the box. If there is a way to prioritize, pick a random one.”

It was like asking him to touch an item he couldn't eat, but Sirone obliviously obeyed.

When Random was selected, a card hand appeared in augmented reality and was distributed to the party one by one.

“Now, let’s see.”

Everyone opened their cards, and Sona clenched her fists and burst into cheers.

"Oh yea! k!”

“Oh, that’s a high pitch. congratulations."

The reason why his colleagues couldn't laugh out loud was that even Sona didn't fully trust him.

'It's really bloody.'

After licking her lips, Sirone stared intently at the flashing card in front of her eyes.

"What are you doing? come on open it no time.” In the state of concentration, Sirone's senses became sharper, and the true intentions of this world flooded in.

'It's here.'

Quantum signals, in other words, opened the hand at the point chosen by the mind, and the atmosphere cooled.

“Eh, are you Ace?”

The mafia party showed their faces as if they couldn't believe it even though they saw it with their own eyes.

“Uh, what an ace. uh? this ace... …

Thinking they still need them, Sirone put on a bright smile.

"haha! Are you really lucky today? Isn’t that how you get Donatello in one day?”

A system message popped up.

-The item acquisition priority has been determined. 1st place Yahweh 2, 2nd place Sona, 3rd place… … .

" Acquisition."

As the box materialized, parts in the form of gloves carved from wood were held in Sirone's hand.

' tree?'

It was a unique material in high gear.

"you! that… …

The moment Sona was about to speak, the inside of the cave lit up and was covered with a pale glow.

- The event has ended.

When her eyesight returned, she was in front of Ergos's holy ground before she knew it.

Sona hurriedly continued.

"you! Don't install it now! Once equipped, trading is impossible!”

It was a characteristic of a legendary item.

"mounting."

"ah… …

When Sirone chose to mount it, Michelan cracked and light came out.

The shape was destroyed with a popping sound, and light particles covered Yahweh2's right arm.

"This?"

The light disappeared, and an ivory-colored metal gauntlet replaced the right hand.

Sona shook her head.

'Oh, that's crazy. Attribution doesn't even come out as loot. Doesn't this really stand out?'

When a good item came out, it was also common to kill users and acquire loot.

“By the way, how do you write this?”

Now, I wondered if even such an innocent question was making fun of them.

“Haa, it’s a legendary item at level 100. After becoming a ranker, equip it. What are you going to do because it would be a pity if you got stabbed?”

“I can’t help it then. Anyway this... …

When Sirone held out Michelan, the mafia group showed interest and approached.

It was the first time I actually saw it.

“Legendary items have something in common. That, once acquired, is not in metallic form. If equipped, trading is impossible. And that it produces performance independent of output.”

Sirone nodded.

'Performance that has nothing to do with output. That's why Fermi was obsessed with legendary items.'

“And the Michelan gun… …

Sona grabbed Michelan with both hands and turned it around to check its function.

There was a concave lens in the palm of the hand.

“Ah, I guess this is it. From what I've heard, Michelan is a photon modulator. They say light has destructive power.”

Sirone's eyes narrowed.

'It's a photon cannon.'

After hearing the explanation, Sirone put her palms up and activated the parts, and the lens light came on.

"uh? uh huh?”

The mafia party hurriedly backed away and looked at the smoke of light gathering on their palms.

"wow."

It was strange to see the light moving, but so far it didn't look particularly threatening.

Sona pointed to the light and said.

“This is difficult. As with all legendary items, it's not about powering itself, it's about manipulating something. Skill is more important than level.”

So the output is ignored.

“Hmm, that’s right.”

Mafia clicked his tongue as Sirone stirred the smoke of light and learned to sense it.

“I told you not to wear it like that. Now that I can't hand it over to the guild, what should I do? Still, the unconditional settlement... …

At that moment, everyone's eyes widened.

'It must be like this.'

As he recalled the sensation of the Photon Cannon, the smoke of light began to compress into a sphere in an instant.

“That, what is that?”

The fierce light seemed to explode at any moment.

“It’s compressed light. I don't know what principle it is in high gear, but anyway... …

When Sirone held out Michelan with a feeling of ejection, the flash hit a distant rock.

Woooooooooooooooooooooooooh!

There was a roar, and a gust of wind rushed in, revealing a hollow in the ground.

"oh my god."

Everyone opened their mouths wide.

“Is the light exploding? Isn’t that a missile?”

The power may vary depending on the precision of compression, but it was a great strength that there was no restriction on bullets.

Sirone clenched his fists.

'it's okay. I got one.'

It was a knife that could stab the operator.

The mafia party, who were still looking at the destroyed place, hurriedly changed their expressions.

“Anyway, congratulations. Your skills seem certain. So now only the settlement remains? Could you please contact the golden ring now?”

"no. The settlement is after finding Donatello. Let’s go to the next hunting ground quickly.”

Dex Sensitivity shouted.

"hey! Where is that? Do you want to know when Donatello will come out and stay with us until then?”

“It was a promise from the beginning. I've violated everything so far, so keep this at least. Otherwise, my settlement will be invalid.”

“Ugh!”

The disadvantage now was the Mafia.

'shit! got it right If this guy jumps out into Dongguk like this, we won't get anything.' Sona asked with tears in her eyes. “If you find Donatello, it really pays off.

will you give it? Are you making a promise right here, huh?”

'They break it like they're eating.'

He muttered inwardly, but the initiative had already passed to Sirone.

'I don't like bumping into other Seoguk users.'

After making a decision, Sirone said while installing a booster from the selective option.

"okay. So let's go back to democracy. I'll wait for you where the mid gear is.” When the booster was activated, the rocket engine was ignited and Yahweh 2's body was launched into the sky.

“… … They are gone.”

They realized the reality in that their hearts sank the moment they left without looking back.

"shit! I thought you were naive, but you have venom. Wait, that guy didn't run away, did he?"

Dex Gamseong gritted his teeth and said.

“I said I would wait in mid gear, so I have no choice but to believe it. Even if only Michelan was settled, the whole part could be raised several levels. You can't give up here, can you?" "really? Even Donatello?” She said as Sona activated her booster while sighs leaked from here and there.

“Let’s start at once. Our output is high, so if we chase after it now, we won’t miss it.”

Everyone who heard the words took off at full speed.

Cuckoo Cuckoo Cuckoo!

Sirone looked behind at the roar and confirmed that the mafia was following in the distance.

'That's why I have to use my heart carefully.' Her tongue stuck out.