[29] A thorn in the eye (2)

Ethella twitched her lips and was lost in thought.

“Then, would you like to demonstrate it in the image zone?”

"yes? Now?”

"why? Are you not feeling well?”

“No, not like that.”

Ethella blinked in puzzlement. A motivated student who said she wanted to use Image Zone from the first day of class, has been passive in class lately.

'What's going on? I have a bad expression. The kids seem to be holding back, is that why? He's more sensitive than I thought.'

Ethella rubbed her shoulders and said.

“If you don’t feel well, it doesn’t matter if you do it next time. You're the only one in Class 7 who can transform in four ways, so I tried to take a look.”

“No, I will try. Please rate.”

Sirone changed his mind. Even if her classmates criticized her, she wouldn't pass up the opportunity to receive teacher Etella's guidance for that reason.

As soon as Sirone entered the image zone, abusive words flew in.

"what? Do you think he'll do it again? You’re just impatient to stand out.”

“You want to look good for your lover. Well, isn't that the only thing that kid is good at? Magic is something I can't even say.”

On the other hand, the seniors stopped practicing and looked away. It's been a month since I succeeded in the four-way defense type, so I was curious about how much I had grown.

“Sir, let me begin.”

"okay. Let’s try one at a time.”

Sirone demonstrated the defense type, which is a long-term skill. A huge cube was made into a strong figure.

The superiors burst into exclamations.

“If you look only at the defensive type, it’s a top class. It’s almost like a glove, that one.”

On the other hand, the students of Class 7 glared at Sirone as if they were dealing with a common enemy. Even so, I couldn't complain because it was really great.

Sirone developed the four-way attack type. Instead of John's size shrinking, countless thorns protruded violently.

Next was the target type. The length of the cross was considerable, but the rotational power was weak for practical use. Nevertheless, there was no shortage in writing the expression Ilchwiwoljang.

Ethella smiled with satisfaction. It was safe to be promoted to Class Six sooner or later.

Sirone did not stop there and attempted a breakaway. It was also important for him to fail to get advice from Ethella.

Trouble arose out of nowhere. The shape of the spirit zone would change, and even if the center of gravity was moved, the zone would often burst right before it left.

Ethella's eyes brightened in surprise. She had opposite tendencies, so she didn't even expect it, but she was going roughly the same.

On the other hand, the children of Class 7, who had no intention of attempting to break away, each let out a sigh of relief.

“Hey, what are you doing with that? what kind of method is that? It's a kid's joke.”

“He said he was a genius, but it’s nothing. You should be good at at least one thing. What kind of wizard are you going to become with that?”

Sirone was offended. There is not a single person in Class 7 who can break away. He couldn't understand the way he thought of pushing others to a standard he couldn't cross.

As I lost my composure, the Spirit Zone shook. The more he did, the more his classmates became more energetic and did not stop gossip to bring Shirone down.

Amy, who was watching the demonstration, frowned. She was satisfied with the way she changed, but suddenly John was shaking.

“Why are you here? what are you doing?"

“The departure type is originally difficult. I guess you care too much about the kids’ reactions.”

"no way. I'm not a kid to be shaken that much. Do you really know what's going on these days?"

“Oh, wrapping up. Well, since you’re the West, how are you?”

Amy shut Seriel's mouth with her crimson eyes and fell into thought. She was definitely weird. Where did her durability go after defeating her anti-magic, and her spirit zone staggered like a drunk?

'Is there really something I don't know about?'

Sirone did her best to suppress her emotions. However, anger was not easy to control because once it happened, it grew as it ate itself.

'Why do you hate me? What did I do wrong? I just want to learn hard and do better. What's wrong with wanting to be a wizard?'

The spirit zone began to shake as if it would burst at any moment.

“Hey, I have too many random thoughts.”

Sirone suddenly woke up from his thoughts. Someone from Class Five said.

“If there is something you want to do, just do it. You came here to learn magic.”

Sirone finally took a cool look at her condition. When he came to his senses, he felt keenly what a foolish idea he had.

'What was I doing?'

After erasing her thoughts, Sirone attempted to break away. It's good to fail, even better if you succeed. The important thing was to go one step further through it.

John, 40 meters in diameter, slowly began to drift off-center. As the center is further away, the diameter decreases exponentially.

Is departure first or extinction first?

Everyone in the advanced class stared at the scene.

By the time John's size had shrunk to 2 meters in diameter, the surface of the Spirit Zone had completely peeled away from Sirone's body.

The shock the students of Class 7 received was indescribable. Even the seniors in the advanced class succeeded in difficult skills, so it was natural for them to feel dizzy.

The Spirit Zone quickly began to circle around Sirone. New information came in every moment. My head felt like it would explode from the huge amount of information. When she opened her eyes, the spirit zone popped and disappeared.

"haha."

Even though I didn't do anything, I was out of breath.

“I did it. A really breakaway type... … I made it.”

The senior class started to stir up.

It was an achievement that was incomparable to the success of the defensive type. Not a single person in Class 7 or Class 6 succeeded in breaking away.

Seriel shook Amy's arm and made a fuss.

“Amy, Sirone did it! I really did.”

Amy was smiling too. Whatever her feelings, she was a talent to be admired as a colleague running toward the same dream as hers.

'The growth rate is amazing. No, really too fast. If it's enough to make the breakaway type a success in a month... … .'

A talent equal to mine. Or more.

Amy was a little resentful. Perhaps Sirone trained her spirit every single day. On the other hand, how is she herself? He wandered around her back alleys, doing her naughty things.

'Why me… … Did I waste my precious time in vain?'

Sirone, who succeeded in breaking away, looked around Class 5 in search of the protagonist of the advice. However, since there was no opportunity to talk to his seniors, it was impossible to tell who it was just from his voice.

'I wanted to say thank you... … .'

Etella was lost in thought as she watched Sirone applaud. He is all stimulated by Sirone's growth. I thought of a way to inspire the class atmosphere a little more.

“Hmm, you came earlier than expected.”

* * *

Lately, Sirone has had a secret concern. It was that there was no magic that he knew how to use right away.

The knowledge required for magic wasn't easy enough for the children of the lower classes to have. That's why, at school, full-scale magic practice was conducted from Class 5.

But the reality was different. Aristocrats were educated from birth, so even the lower class students knew how to use more than one magic. On the other hand, the period that Sirone studied was only 1 year and 6 months in the Ogent family.

Sirone's dilemma was here. If you concentrate on one study, you may be able to use simple magic. However, he could never surpass the students who had been educated from an early age in the same way as others.

The strategy that came out of that was the strategy of studying the whole of other studies derived from one study.

As a result, the number of books to be borrowed increased, so these days, I almost lived in the library.

The students laughed at such a sirone. I thought it was stupid to study with Jung-gu heating when I couldn't even keep up with the immediate class.

However, Sirone did not change his mind. Since there is a backbone of knowledge, any discipline can be arranged in chronological order. This means that the probability of forgetting the content is significantly reduced.

'The immediate results may be insignificant. But at least 2 years. If it is possible to study for two years in this state, all the core knowledge in each field will be connected.'

This is the backbone of knowledge. A whole encyclopedia where you can read any information came into your head.

Syrone had a hard time falling in love with books again. It was well past midnight when he came to his senses. The only person left in the reading room was a girl from Class Six.

When Sirone bowed her head while packing her bag, she too bowed her head with a shy smile.

It was 2 am when I left the library. 

Even if I went in now, the time I could sleep was about 4 hours. However, when I thought that I was studying later than the children of noble families, even sleeping was a waste.

At such times, Sirone recalled a book called 'The Conversation of Great Scholars' that he had read the other day.

Among them, the interview with a biologist named Torkkolin left a deep impression on me. He insisted that people should get at least six hours of sleep, and joked at the end of the interview.

“Of course, I only slept four hours when I was in school.”

the author of the book asked.

“Then aren’t the results of your research wrong? You became an outstanding scholar on just four hours of sleep.”

Torquecolin's answer was:

"haha! Teenagers are not human. He's a superman. It won't matter if you sleep or not.”

These were words of great courage to Sirone, who was pressed for time.

'okay! let's work hard. If you do your best, the results will follow.'

The lights were on in the graduating class building. The windows flashed as if they were conducting magic experiments until late at night. What new magic is being created inside?

Sirone's eyes were already on the graduating class.

* * *

At the end of lunchtime, Etella came to visit Shiina. She is 26 years old and has worked together for four years, but they are still two people of the same age.

“Sensei Shiina, could you spare some time?”

"yes. But I don't think I can talk at length because class 7 has been scheduled.”

It was common for discussions about magic to last well over an hour, so Shiina asked for forgiveness in advance.

"Oh, I see. I have something to discuss about Sirone.”

Shiina also showed interest at the word Shirone. She was told that while the theory classes she taught were lacking, she excelled during Ethella's practical classes.

“How are you these days? When I looked at the practice score, it was quite high.”

“It certainly is. Last time, I even succeeded in breaking away from the four ways.”

“Oh, that’s right.”

Shiina gave a satisfied smile. She enjoyed being praised by other teachers as her primary teacher in Shirone.

"So I'd like to make a suggestion to Shiina-sensei."

"yes? Any suggestions?”

It was quite rare for Etella to make suggestions to other teachers in charge of student matters. As such, Shiina blinked at the thought that it would be an unconventional story.

* * *

Chemistry theories were written on the blackboard in Class Seven’s classroom. Students taking notes moved their eyes and hands busily. I thought the class was fast today. As expected, Shiina finished class about 10 minutes early and came down from the podium.

“Today we will end here. Instead, I have something to announce.”

The students showed great generosity. As long as the class was finished early, I could have listened to the sound of forgetting the rice seeds.

“The early promotion has been decided. Ariane Sirone, get up.”

Sirone was taken aback by the unexpected early promotion. On the other hand, his classmates made displeased faces. Early promotion is not extremely rare. However, the problem was that the target was Sirone.

“Sirone will be promoted to Class Five. From tomorrow, come to class according to your timetable. I hope you will be more diligent and get the opportunity. That is all."

---------------------------------------