[565] Opening (1)

As the moon rose, a man and a woman met behind the graduation building.

Dorothy came out first and waited, and after 5 minutes, Iruki appeared.

“It’s late. 5 minutes."

Dorothy scolded her with her unique tone, but Iruki's hair does not forget the time.

“You came five minutes early.”

"that's right. My watch is five minutes fast.”

Dorothy shyly turned her head away.

“But I always forget.”

Iruki couldn't analyze what the current conversation meant to Dorothy.

“Then I’ll start with the main point.”

As Dorothy nodded, an explanation of Scramble Royale continued.

No other words interrupted until the explanation was finished.

“Scramble Royale runs from noon to midnight every day. You will be able to take the morning evaluation, and if you are in a hurry, you can attend the afternoon evaluation as well. Wouldn’t that be a bad suggestion since you can bring down the majority who are higher than you?”

"also?"

It was Dorothy's only question.

"also?"

“Is that why you called me? Don't you have something else to say?"

After thinking about it, Iruki said.

"there is. To be honest, if I participate in Scramble Royale, I will give up on the afternoon evaluation. Of course, there are no restrictions, but in reality it is.”

“… … .”

Dorothy looked at Iruki for a long time and then gently put her hand on his cheek.

"slap."

She was the one who let out the effect sound through her mouth, but Iruki's expression was still the same.

"okay. I will.”

"thank you. On behalf of the Supernatural Psychic Research Society.”

“As you said, it wasn't a bad suggestion. Can I go to the study meeting on a holiday?”

Before Iruki could answer, Dorothy immediately turned and headed for the inn.

* * *

After the evaluation on the 6th day of the week, the day to discuss the Scramble Royale was approaching on the 1st.

Upon arriving at the study group, the shadow of death was cast over Nade's pale eyes.

'I couldn't find it. Now I am dead.'

I shouted loudly, but most of the students who suggested it did not even pay attention.

This is probably because the risk of being disturbed in the evaluation during the war was greater than expected.

"No, that's not it."

Iruki, who had already embraced Dorothy, was the only one who wiggled his fingers with a relaxed expression.

"It's because we calculated the benefit of the non-participant in addition to the risk."

Sirone nodded sadly.

“Because we can score more points than our competitors while participating in Scramble Royale.”

"cadet! is that the problem? If you win, you can step on the kids in Class One!”

Unlike the excited Nade, Iruki was calm.

“Low risk low return. Not a bad choice. And besides, that kind of determination won't help anyway. The time has come to devise realistic alternatives.”

The realistic alternative was Sabina after all, so the prickly Nade kept her mouth shut.

To be honest, it would be welcome if anyone would help in this yard, but the desire that she would never get entangled was no less than that.

"okay. Let’s go and talk.”

“Go quickly. go now I really don't have time anymore I'll go see Amy again.”

When Sirone left the meeting first with a depressed expression, Nade, who was following, turned to Iruki.

“I have a problem too, but what about Sirone? To be honest, it's true that it's an unreasonable schedule. The person asking for it or the person refusing it must feel bad, but won’t it become awkward again after this?”

“Amy will join. Don't worry, you'll be fine.”

"huh? What are you talking about?"

As if he hadn't heard, Iruki looked back at the wall and murmured.

“Now that this is the case, we have no choice but to use the final card.”

* * *

“Haa, that’s really going crazy.”

In the end, he turned back to Sabina and Mannade sat down on a park bench and sighed that the ground would go away.

'know. I know.'

As the chairman of the research society, he had to take responsibility for the doctor, but there were certain problems that he hated more than dying.

"What are you doing here?"

“Don’t tell me. My head is messed up right now... … huh?"

Realizing that it was Sabina's voice, Ned hurriedly turned his head.

“How do you feel?”

“Iruki told me to go. He said he was looking for me.”

Iruki's grinning face came to mind.

“What, you didn’t say sit down? Didn't you find me? just go?”

“No, you can’t go, so… … .”

Sabina said, trying to hide her bubbling expression.

“Hey, do you hate me that much?”

“Who doesn’t like it? no sound... … .”

Realizing that he was watching, Nade suddenly changed his expression and shouted.

“Then why do you keep caring about me? I don't know your intentions. Are you sure you really like me or never like that?”

“Why do you think so?”

"huh?"

Sabina sat down on the bench.

“Yeah, honestly, I admit I’m weird. From the moment I saw you that day.”

Nade didn't move.

It was immobility as if frozen in time, and Sabina got goosebumps at the absolute sense of living she had never felt in her life.

'Oh, I'm really scared... … .'

After 2,000 battles last year, he was lynched by Nade.

Since then, she has been haunted by nightmares of Nade strangling her every day.

'How did this happen?'

If the fear is too intense, it may be that Sabina also unlocked the mind of Nade, just as she surrenders herself to the fear.

“I was so scared. To be honest, I still do. So please... … Could you please stop doing that?”

"Oh sorry."

Nade grabbed his face.

'Damn it, another mistake.'

The face of 'it' that is revealed without even knowing it.

I wanted to smash the even more repulsive face that resembled my mother.

"But I'm not doing this because I'm afraid. I've been watching you I laughed and chatted with my friends, and it was a little different from the Dante team I was a part of. It looked really fun.”

Nade, who was sitting on the bench, said in a cold voice.

“It's all fake. That's not who I really am.”

It was the first time other than Iruki confessed honestly.

“What is your true form?”

Nade looked back at Sabina.

“Whether you're a scary person or pretending to be nice, it's you in the end. There is nothing fake about you.”

Sabina said with a kind smile.

“Nade desperately tries to hide his scary appearance. That's the only you, and that's what I saw of Nade.”

Nade kept his mouth shut.

Even if the muscles in his face loosened even a little, tears seemed to come pouring out.

“I just want to know you a little more. So don't worry. Of course, it wouldn't help if my skills were lacking.”

With Nade still silent, Sabina rose from her seat with a resigned expression.

“If you change your mind… … .”

“Scramble Royale.”

"huh?"

Nade raised his head as if he had made up his mind.

“Do you want to join me? With your help, I think I can do it right.”

Sabina smiled.

* * *

The day of negotiations finally arrived.

Nade became remarkably healthy in a day, but this time Sirone looked like a corpse.

It was the first time that even his friends had seen Sirone tremble like this.

"What do we do? In the end, I couldn’t convince Amy.”

“Ugh, anyway, stubbornness should be acknowledged.”

Nade clicked his tongue and said.

“There is nothing I can do about it. You just have to negotiate well and strike a balance.”

“But even that is giving up one negotiating card. Sorry! because of me… … .”

When Sirone was about to cry, Ned patted his shoulder.

“Where is that word? If you can't convince anyone, you can't convince anyone. It is unavoidable.”

"Ahhh! It's all my fault.”

Iruki confirmed that Shirone was covering her face with both hands, and stood up.

“I’ll be gone for a while. We are preparing to welcome guests first.”

"Where? We only have a few hours left.”

“I have a prior arrangement.”

After saying that, Iruki left Istas and headed straight to the store.

It was quiet because it was a holiday, and Amy raised her hand after waiting while drinking coffee.

“How is Sirone?”

“I will die soon. It's not good to live.”

Amy asked with an apologetic expression.

“Is there really nothing you can do about it?”

"there is. You can participate.”

“Is that sound again? You said no. I mean this is the second graduation exam. Mistakes are unacceptable.”

Iruki nodded.

"know. So I'm going to stop begging you now."

“Then why did you ask to see me?”

“To intimidate.”

Amy raised one eyebrow.

“How are you going to blackmail me?”

“You know Kayden, right? I’m the president of the Women’s Human Body Research Society.”

“Oh, I didn’t see that.”

Amy consciously refused to pay attention.

“You may have heard it roughly from Sirone, but there are many similarities between scramble royale and regular dining out. If you set the rules, they come into play.”

"so?"

“Kaden has always liked Maya. And Maya likes Sirone.”

"so?"

Gradually, I felt that I couldn't go any further.

“Kaden has a grudge against Sirone. Perhaps you would suggest a condition like this. If you lose, you won't be able to date Amy for the rest of your life.”

"that… … recipe?”

"It's just like that."

Amy hit the table.

"Are you kidding me? what kind of threat is that? What am I doing with Sirone? we are not in any relationship Even on the day we returned, we had already talked to each other like that.”

“I don’t know that far. This is the last chance to just turn around, so I thought I should tell you.”

Iruki stood up from his seat and said.

“That's why Sirone must have been desperate. Don't be too sad that I didn't know your circumstances. We are also cheering for your graduation more than anyone else.”

Watching Iruki leave the store, Amy sucked up the remaining coffee in one go.

* * *

"no! Absolutely not!”

Back at the dormitory, Amy confirmed that it was time for the scramble royal negotiation table to open soon.

If he loses, he has no future with Sirone.

"joy! Who are you dating? Anyway, men are funny. Even if you pay even a little attention, you will be mistaken.”

If you participate in Scramble Royale, you will suffer a huge loss in the graduation evaluation.

“Even if there is a possibility, what? What kind of stupid thing is that if you can't graduate and only date?"

Amy sat down at her desk and opened a book.

'Okay, let's forget it! you're studying! Not a single man is sirone, and I don't have to worry about giving up my life. furthermore… … Could Sirone's team win?'

The pages of the theory of thermodynamics turned quickly.

'Kayden.'

Amy, who closed the book with a bang, jumped up from her chair.

“No, but this kid is really… … !”

* * *

The hour hand pointed to noon.

As Estas started operating, the Supernatural Psychic Research Society came down to the first floor, and six members of the combined team entered at the agreed time.

Hersy looked at the numbers first.

'5 people.'

The expectation that Amy would be included was wrong, but it was actually a good thing.

'Estas is ours.'

The discussion took place with both parties sitting face-to-face.

“The time to conclude the negotiations is until midnight today.”

"good. 12 hours is tight, so let's set a big frame first. Divided into game rules, rewards and rewards, and taboos... … .”

Then the door opened violently.

"hey! Cayden!”

Amy stood where everyone looked.

“Amy?”

Sirone was the most surprised, but she didn't even look at him and went straight to Cayden.

"wanna die? Who wants you to interfere with other people's marriages, no, love affairs?"

Caden closed his eyes as if ignoring him.

“I don’t know what you mean. Nothing has been decided yet.”

"huh?"

Only then did Amy come to her senses and turn her head.

The Scramble Royale participants were staring at them with dazed expressions.

---------------------------------------