[721] The world we live in (2)

“A world that never ends.”

I thought maybe it was the result of perfectly adapting to the system of the universe.

Sirone looked back at the people still dreaming in the glass coffin.

And maybe... … .

'The world we live in.'

It was unpredictable, but assuming that, one question remained.

“If everyone goes into the next simulation, isn’t your role over? No one will wake up.”

-It's not like that.

Argo shook his head.

- Creatures are really strange, and there are parts that cannot be controlled only by the system. It is the heart. Even if you experience the same sensation, you can't control the difference in degree.

It is called qualia or sensory quality.

-These subjective images are accumulated to increase the Kar value and activate numerous insights and non-empirical knowledge.

The atmosphere turned hostile as a red light shone on Amy's face.

-Sensations are electrical signals, but sensory qualities, or mind programs, are achieved through quantum transmission. Therefore, it is impossible to control. Because the quantum itself is not a signal that can be controlled. Then in the end... … .

Amy's crimson eyes burned red.

- It wakes me up. It is to break the cowardice and break away. A subjective image that destroys the plausibility of the system. This creates doubt about the world and gives you room to break out of the system.

Amy approached Sirone.

-Getting out on your own means that you rejected the system. I must continue to exist here, as I may harm the inhabitants of Utopia who are dreaming. And this... … .

Numerous drones flew around Sirone.

-That's why I invited you here.

Sirone's existence was dangerous to utopia.

-Your code does not exist in Utopia. I don't know where it came from, but it didn't arrive by normal cause and effect.

Andre disrupts space and time, and that raised another question to Sirone.

“You mean the world we live in is also part of a simulation? Endlessly converging in cowardice?”

- I don't know. The biggest delusion of human beings is the idea that if you know something, you will know everything. There are things you can't know. What is outside the system?

As the concentration of emotions was disturbed, Amy's face changed in Sirone's brain waves.

-To me, the whole is just the world of Argo, and I can't think beyond it. I am not a god It's you, humans, who made me.

Argo, who erased the hologram, spoke in the air.

-Of course, the world you live in could be the beginning of a simulation. real real. It is a probability of 1 in infinite when calculated by air cowardice, but it can never be guaranteed that it is not.

“Because there must be a beginning.”

-is it so. So decide now.

"what?"

There was a bang and the lid of the glass tube installed on the third floor came off.

Argo's mechanical sound echoed coldly.

-either reincarnating forever or leaving this world.

Is it cowardice or infinity?

It was time to make a choice.

* * *

Labyrinth Andre - World No. 1583.

At the top of the mountain where the white and black moon rose, Sirone soothed the crying child in her arms.

“It’s okay now. No one will hurt you.”

“Aww! Help me."

Until the frightened cries stopped, Sirone patted the child's back and thought.

'White Black. yin and yang. The world created through the definition of the number 2 of the law.'

As time passed, Sirone found herself clearly realizing the true nature of Andre.

'Every world has its own intention.'

It is the ability of insight to be able to guess the whole of Andre just by exploring one world.

This meant that Sirone's events exploring 19,000 worlds were intertwined with quantum spins that transcended time and space.

“Your brother is on the white side, right?”

Sirone got out of her thoughts and looked down at the child.

"okay. But I won't hurt you.”

The child nodded, but seemed to lean more toward trust than lack of choice.

Since it took time, Sirone didn't press forward and asked what was going on.

'Hmm, Ira was born in the Black District... … .'

The eight-year-old's name is Kai.

Her parents had already passed away, and she was a child who participated in a survival test to activate the white-black harmony.

“He told me that he would protect me if I lured the people of the White District. But everyone ran away. to kill me... … .”

When Kai began to cry again, Sirone spoke up.

“It’s okay now. You just have to win the survival test. I will help you. Now, let’s check the job card first.”

As the child who came to his senses rummaged through his arms, Sirone also took out the job card she had received.

'I said he was a seeker.'

The size of the card measured by eye was 5.2 cm wide by 8.6 cm long, and the thickness was about 4 mm.

On the back of the card, several circles overlapped like a wheel, which I thought seemed to symbolize reincarnation.

'What skills do you have?'

Since there was no change she could feel immediately, Sirone checked the front of the card, which was divided into thirds by a line.

The card name and grade were written at the top, a picture was written in the middle, and a description and effect were written at the bottom.

'Seeker. What, S-class?'

It was an unexpected grade because I did not feel any particular change.

'The explanation... … .'

After checking the picture of the seeker floating in the air in a lotus position, Sirone read the text at the bottom.

Seeker: A person who has realized the truth of the world.

Special Ability: The Justice of the Law.

Effect: You can choose one of two laws.

Currently selected Torah - White.

"what? This… … .”

It meant that they could freely move between the white and black zones.

"wow! Seekers!”

Kai looked at Sirone's card and widened his eyes.

“You know about job cards?”

“Of course I know. At Black, everyone learns! I actually make cards and do rehearsals.”

With no production activities, there would be plenty of time.

“The seeker is really good. You can stick anywhere, so you can return alive unconditionally.”

Since it was a survival test in which participants in one area had to be annihilated, it was natural that the value of the investigators was high.

“But then the area changes. If I choose Black and win, I can't go White.”

“Is that a problem? You won't die anyway.”

Sirone suddenly realized.

'Is that so?'

Whether white or black, what could be more important to a living being than living today?

“Kai, what is your job card?”

When Sirone asked, Kai slowly flipped the card he was holding in his bracken hand.

"I am… … This is it.”

It was Class B, and the card name was Magician.

Magician: One who deceives most of them.

Special Ability: Magic Card.

Effect: You can change one of White Black's weapon cards into a random card. However, the effect follows the existing card.

Current Magic Cards - Class Cards (Magician).

Kai looked disappointed.

“This is of no use to me. Changing cards doesn't work, and no one will be scared by me if I cheat. It should be a job that raises your physical abilities.”

Sirone asked.

“The one who attacked us earlier. What do you think his occupation was?”

“Probably Pierrot. I have the ability called acrobatics, so I can move quickly.”

“Hmm, because job cards are not transferable anyway.”

Sirone comforted Kai and stood up.

“Depending on how magicians use it, it will be a good strategy. Don't worry, I'll be with you.”

“But my brother… … It is white.”

Sirone took out her job card and held it up.

'It defines the law.'

The card flashed briefly, then white was erased from the currently selected law and black was newly inscribed.

“How about it, are you on the same side?”

“… … .”

Sirone's decision was unexpected, as it was common to always use Seekers to side with the strong.

Of course, it is the ability to change the law at any time, but it was enough to give Kai a minimum of trust.

"yes!"

As Kai stood up with an expression of energy, Sirone smiled and pointed to the forest.

“Let’s go. First of all, we need to collect weapon cards. There will still be some left.”

No matter how superior his physical ability was, it was not an Anaki mountain that could be searched for in 30 minutes.

“The weapon strongly reflects the white-black moonlight.”

Said Kai as he searched the mountains.

“It doesn’t reflect normal light, though. Anyway, if you go to a place with moonlight, you should be able to pick up one or two.”

Kai, who knew a lot, was helping Sirone even if he had no fighting power.

As I followed the moonlight, I saw a card shining like a star among the green grass.

"It's a weapon!"

Kai ran quickly, but as soon as he was about to pick up the card, he noticed Sirone.

“Oh, sorry. But since the weapon is transferable... … .”

Since he was relying on Sirone for his life, he couldn't readily check the card.

"are you okay. Pick it up and check it out.”

Since Sirone was already able to protect herself with magic, she was willing to give up unless it was a strategically important card.

When the permission was given, Kai's eyes contained the anticipation of a child searching for treasure.

“Oh, it’s too bad. There are better things than this.”

"what's the matter? Is it bad?”

“It is not trash. See for yourself.”

It was the same size as the job card, and had a crude circular shield picture drawn in the middle.

'An old copper shield. Class D.'

Old copper shield.

Description: Before smelting technology developed, it is said that shields were made by casting copper.

Effect: Reduces damage taken by 10%.

“Is the damage reduced just by holding it?”

"yes. The law of white black makes it so. This is the most common shield card. I wish it was a high quality copper shield. It's a C grade, and it's a 20 percent drop.”

“Where is this anyway? You should have it.”

If you collect several other shield cards, you will have enough defensive power to make Shirone feel relieved.

Kai waved his finger left and right.

“Even if you have it, it won’t help much. There is a 10% damage reduction, but it's mana. You saw the armed bomb earlier. That’s just a B-class card.”

“Then what are you going to do?”

"It's using the magician's special ability. magic card. Change this to S-class and exchange it with other participants' cards.”

“Is there such a case?”

“A lot. The same area is frequent, and towards the end of the test, there are times when I exchange with the enemy. After all, you have to survive to win.”

It was the words of a veteran who had already gone through a lot of rehearsals.

“I activate the magic card!”

As Kai raised his hand and shouted, the old copper shield card glowed and turned into an S-rank.

CPR (consumption).

Description: Do your best and heaven will help.

Effect: Among those who participated in White Black, you can resurrect an already dead target.

However, it cannot be used on yourself.

"Voila. This is the most popular CPR card. Since you can resurrect an ally once, the combat power of the person who has it increases significantly. If you trade as a team, you will be able to exchange several cards of the same class.”

“If it were the law of resurrection, it would be so. But it's made of magic. After all, the effect is an old copper shield.”

Kai asked with a desperate expression.

“I can never do it alone. It's clear that they'll try to kill and steal it. But if my brother supports me, I'll use this to get a lot of advanced cards.”

'To be wicked... … .'

No matter how young, black was black.

---------------------------------------