[356] Magic Association (2)

When I got ready and left the door, the guards stood in a line in front of Fleur. Sirone hesitated, then slipped into the back of his row and stood up.

As if that was the answer, Fleur glanced at Sirone and instructed her about her daily routine.

“This is the Magic Association, the cradle of kingdom magic. There are great wizards working, but there are many criminals and the risk of terrorism is high. Let's protect the 3rd floor today with iron-clad security so that not a single ant can enter. remember The Magic Association is the power of the country.”

Flew studied the faces of the guards and shouted.

“Then let’s disperse to our respective positions!”

When the guards dispersed to the area in charge, only Sirone was left in the hallway. Flew called out, flicking his fingers, and turned him around.

“You follow me. From now on, our job is to patrol and manage facilities. If there's anyone suspicious, they're going to check it out. If you don’t have a registration certificate approved by the Association, you can arrest him right away.”

It was a great authority even for Sirone to hear, but on the other hand, it seemed that there were very few suspicious people going in and out of the World Magic Association.

As expected, Flew's words were nothing more than threats. From what she watched for an hour or so, she had very little to do. She was greeted by the guards or when something small happened, she just watched and then went on patrol again.

'Isn't it perfectly comfortable?'

I wondered if the so-called iron rice bowl was such a job.

Of course, he didn't know that the reason the job became so easy was because generations of outstanding wizards had passed through this place.

At that moment, the lamp on the ceiling rotated and lit a red light. The siren sounded for about 3 seconds, then the noise stopped with a pop as if someone had blocked the device.

Nervous Sirone looked around. Flew, on the other hand, stood indifferently and waited for someone.

A guard came running from the corner of the hallway. However, his expression was not particularly tense.

“Here, Chief of Security.”

"What happen? Sirens go off.”

"that is… … The board of the horsepower controller overheated and burned the internal circuitry. I have contacted the maintenance team now.”

Almost all districts of the Magic Association limit magic through magic control devices. It is said that it does not work if you become a second-class wizard due to technical limitations, but that alone can prevent most terrorism, and it is also effective in reducing damage from occasional clashes between employees.

“Hmm, that keeps getting me into trouble. hey follow me Let's go.”

When Flew arrived at the engine room, alchemists and wizards were tearing down the walls and working hard.

Sirone looked at the board of the magic control device with interest. It was a technology that had been introduced to the Magic School's 2,000th system, but it was the first time seeing the internal circuitry.

As expected, the essence of precise magic engineering was concentrated. Sirone is now at the level of entering the graduating class, but even so, he has not been able to properly analyze the circuit.

Flew approached the maintenance team and asked.

“How are you? Do you think it will be fixed?”

“Ah, Mr. Flew. This is going to take some time. The board is completely burned out. Come to think of it, this is already the third time this year. It looks like there's something wrong with the sub-adjustment device, but I think I'll have to tear it out completely.”

Flu was also deeply concerned that the magic control of the third floor, which he was in charge of, was not working properly.

“I have already made a suggestion to the upper management. I think I will probably replace it with a new one during maintenance this quarter, but in the meantime, how can I not do it as a temporary measure?”

No matter how strong the Magic Association is, gaps are not tolerated. The fact that the magic control device was broken meant that there was a serious hole in the security on the 3rd floor, so it was not something to be overlooked.

“If we repair it, we will be able to last another month. However, the Mutol has also melted and the Janes device needs to be replaced as well. However, since this is a non-supply item, the association does not have it in stock. You have to claim it.”

"Hmm, but it's too late to claim... … .”

Flew thought, biting her nails.

The magic control device was also a matter related to security, so it was under her jurisdiction. Usually, even non-supply items are left in stock, but since it was on the 18th floor, the first person to use it was the owner.

Fleur turned to Sirone. After watching his face for a long time as he studied her board with her blank expression, she finally made up her mind and spoke to her.

"Hey you."

"yes? Me?"

Flew wiggled his fingers to indicate that he should come. As Sirone approached, she took her to a corner of the engine room and spoke in a low voice so that the maintenance team could not hear her.

“Run one of my errands.”

“If it’s an errand… … .”

“Ask for a carriage to go to Gold Street. If you turn right at the central fountain there, you'll find the Achim Alchemy Company right away, right? That's the association's designated business partner. Go in there and get a few things.”

Flew took a notebook out of her inside pocket and wrote down the names of classmates. Then, after tearing the paper to make a clicking sound, he handed it to Sirone.

Holding the note in her hand, Sirone read the unfamiliar names one by one. It's a simple errand, but I was a little worried because I'm not familiar with this kind of thing.

“Okay, I’ll go right away. But how do I pay?”

“You can’t pay. At the end of the month, the association makes a lump sum payment. Now, just show me this.”

Fleur handed Sirone the employee ID he was wearing around his neck. It had a serial number written on it, and next to the name Ravid Pluu, the official rank of 8th grade was inscribed in bronze.

The picture was from two years ago when she had just joined the company, but she was wearing big blind glasses, so I couldn't find her now.

A red-faced Fleur opened her ax eye and shouted.

"hey! Why are you looking at other people's photos like that? Can't you put it in sooner?"

“Oh, sorry.”

Sirone quickly put her employee ID in her inner pocket.

For a woman, some pictures are like fear, so Fleur also felt regret. But it was already spilled water.

'Oh really. I should have changed it right away.'

I had thought of replacing the picture for a long time, but it was a problem that I completely forgot it after a while because I was overwhelmed with work.

Embarrassed, Fleur cleared her throat and touched Sirone's clothes.

“Anyway, it went well. Don't just wear it just to get in shape, put it in your pocket unconditionally. Magic Association employee ID is not something anyone can wear.”

Sirone also knew the importance of the Magic Association employee card.

More than 90% of the Kingdom's accredited institutions are open and more than 60% of the Red Line affiliated facilities can be used free of charge with the same color staff card. In addition, it can exercise the authority to arrest and prosecute all classes except the royal family within a specific area, and can carry out the duties of eavesdropping, wiretapping, infiltration, special attack, and special missions without restrictions at the request of the state agency when inspecting the territory.

From the outside, it's just a common plastic card, but inside it's quantum cryptography code is integrated, making duplication impossible.

I felt like my body was getting stiff when I had a card with such great authority. After putting her hand into his pocket once again to check his employee ID, Shirone finally nodded.

"yes. I'll be careful.”

Sirone turned around and left the Magic Association. It was a chance to ride the elevator of his dreams, but he used the familiar stairs because he was nervous about running an unfamiliar errand.

Upon arriving at Gold Street by carriage, numerous shops were arranged in concentric circles. The road stretched in eight directions, and each area handled different items.

The text Alchemy Street was written on the central sign. After following the arrow to the right, there was a building that looked like it had been enlarged 5 times the size of a regular building.

'Here it is, Achim Alchemy Co.'

When I opened the door and entered, there were eight rows of shelves 20 meters long. None of the items on the shelf were the same, and most of them didn't even know how to use them, even Sirone, a student at the Magic School.

'If Nade came, his eyes would have gone back. I'll have to come and see you after graduation.'

The counter was placed furthest from the entrance. There were about 20 guests, and in the corner, alchemists were sitting on their seats and examining dozens of items.

The person guarding the counter was a young man with an intelligent impression. Seeing that he was reading a book called 'Soft Intermediate', he seemed to be either an alchemist or a wannabe.

“Hey, I have something to ask you.”

As Sirone approached, the man closed the book and stood up.

“Yes, what are you looking for?”

“I am from the Magic Association. Do you have anything like this?”

Sirone put down the note Flew had written on the counter and held it out. Looking at the type and number of objects, it seemed impossible to explain anyway.

The man glanced at the items written on the note and quickly figured it out.

“Looks like the magic control device has overheated. I'll find it for you. By the way, can I check your employee ID? Transactions with the Association are due at the end of the month.”

"Ah yes. Here you go."

Sirone took out Fleur's employee ID.

The man went under the counter and put his card on the reader. A beep sound followed by an approval sign. The man returned the employee ID to Sirone and said.

“Yes, thank you for checking. Please wait."

The man carried a thin metal box and went around the shelves to put things in it. Some of the alchemy ingredients were difficult to handle, so he couldn't put them anywhere.

While waiting, Sirone snapped her fingers on the counter and hummed and looked around. Then, when I turned to the alchemy book, the two men wearing black hoods quickly turned their heads.

'what? Why are you wearing a hood? Are those people wizards too?'

Sirone looked a little further, but the two no longer showed any particular behavior and disappeared over the ledge on the other side, pretending to be looking for something.

Escaping from Sirone's gaze, they entered a corner where there were no people. The man standing on the right whispered in a low voice.

“Damn it, you’re from the Magic Association. What do we do? It seems wrong to work here.”

“There are risks involved in completing a revolution. Let’s just do it here.”

“But if we fail, we cannot save our brothers. Don't do that, let's move. Let's go to the Gold Tower. You created an infiltration route just in case of this.”

“Sheesh, I can’t. That’s where I was going to save it until the end.”

Hood's figures quietly left the Alchemy Chamber.

Sirone waited for about 5 minutes at the counter. The man who had collected everything returned and put the metal box on the counter and held it out. There were various types, but it was surprisingly small, so it didn't seem heavy.

“Here is the stuff. Delivery is also available, but will only arrive after 5pm. If you are in a hurry, you can take it now.”

“Then I'll just take it. It doesn't look very heavy.”

“But please be careful with handling. There are things that are sensitive to shocks.”

“Yes, I will be careful.”

Sirone carefully carried the box as if holding a newborn baby and left the store. He didn't know how careful handling was to be safe, so he moved with the utmost care.

Coming out to the main road, he looked around for a carriage.

Just then, a loud, loud bang erupted from across the block. The ground made a leap forward, and a terrifying scream rushed in like a tidal wave.

"what?"

Between the numerous alleys, people ran out to the main road. The faces of those standing in the forefront were terrified, and the shock from earlier was still engraved in their half-dilated pupils.

“Terror! Gold City exploded!”

"terror?"

Sirone looked up at the smoke rising sky.

A terrorist attack in Baska, the capital of the kingdom. It's something I couldn't even imagine.

Citizens' reactions were varied. Most of them were frowning while looking toward the Gold Tower, but those busy with work were swearing and hurried on their way.

---------------------------------------