[54] Overflow(4)

Shiina made up her mind to become weak. Shirone, who has awakened her immortal function, may fall into an overflow. She said that Ethella could overcome it on her own, but she said that if what she feared becomes reality, Sirone's life will be miserable.

While I was lost in thought, Istas stopped. Shiina entered without delay. As she walked down the hallway, she burst open an iron door with a sign for the Society for the Study of Paranormal and Psychic Sciences.

Children were sitting among the white smoke rising. Seeing her relaxed smile without any sign of surprise, Shiina burst into a tantrum again.

It was a familiar sight to her. The difference was that all the idiots with whom they had clashed so much had now graduated, and Sirone had been newly added in their place.

'Why do the students change when they enter this study group? Not anyone else, even Sirone.'

Normally, Sirone would greet with a bright smile, but now he had a perfect poker face. I expected it, but I couldn't help but feel a little sad. Next to Nade, who arrogantly crossed her legs, was Yiruki, who leaned back in a chair and raised her head to the ceiling. Shiina snorted at her in an atmosphere that pushed her teachers away just by her attitude.

“Don’t you even say hello to the teacher? These... … .”

“I was so absorbed in the discussion that I was distracted. welcome."

Nade said with a cold face. The research society, an autonomous organization of students, was able to grow to a position in charge of one axis of the magic school community by adhering to the method of thoroughly guarding against interference from teachers. I couldn't have a good feeling because I completely ignored such a tradition and conducted an involuntary check.

'joy. A school is a school, and a research society is a research society, right?'

But today was the last day to be arrogant. The teachers' meeting had already approved the dissolution of the study group, and the teacher in charge, Ethella, had reached an acceptable agreement.

“What is it anyway, sir? These days, I'm living quietly without any accidents.”

“An official notice came down about the research association. I came to tell you in person.”

“Then come in. albeit shabby.”

Nade brushed off a seat on the sofa with his hand. Her attitude was that nothing would sting.

“Thank you. If so, why don't you give me a cup of tea?"

“Can you trust and drink the tea I offer you? As you know, if Istas moves, no one will be able to find it.”

Shiina raised one eyebrow and laughed. She already knew that there wasn't even a glass of cold water in this shabby warehouse, let alone a car. Although I didn't like what they were doing, I didn't hate them because they were witty children.

"okay. I heard that the teacher is also a little anxious. Then I'll tell you the main point quickly. I want you to return the lab within a month.”

Nade's eyes widened. He immediately returned to his status as a student at the sound like a thunderbolt from the sky, and asked questioningly.

"yes? Are you returning it? Why suddenly?” 

“As a result of reviewing the documents, it was operated without meeting the required number of members this semester. The school has already cut off the subsidy. So I'd appreciate it if you could sort it out within a month.”

"Wait! Sirone is here now! Starting with three people, you can be recognized as an official research group.”

“But isn’t there no activity? If you want to save the research society, you have no choice but to produce research results within one month, which is the due date. Of course, I don’t know what kind of research I can do in the field of the supernatural.”

“That is far-fetched! Just because it’s a study group doesn’t mean you have to hold a presentation!”

“It is a special situation. The fact that the laboratory exists in Istas, and the notoriety is so high. There are few places in the study group that are as inactive as you. The one month period was given because Miss Etella asked for it. Think sensibly.”

Sirone was dumbfounded. Now, little by little, affection for the study group is starting to sprout, but it's completely disbanded.

“But there is one way to save the study group.”

Nade hurriedly stuck his face in.

"what is that? What can I do?”

“Get Sirone out of this study group. Then at least I’ll close my eyes until next semester.”

“Yes, yes?”

As Shiina expected, Nade stood up.

“Nonsense! I didn't forcefully drag Sirone along, and the three of us are always close friends at school. Why do you keep trying to tear it apart?”

Iruki said.

“Don’t worry if I skip class. Because when it comes to studying, we each stick to our own way.”

Sirone couldn't just sit still and listen.

“My thoughts are the same. I know that the research society is notorious, and I know that Iruki and Nade aren't faithful to their classes. However, both of them are doing their best to study in their fields. It's never a waste of time. So please be lenient.”

Knowing that Shiina cares for Sirone, Nade puts his hopes on just in case. But she stuck to her principles and said it right.

"It's no use talking like that. Above all else, Sirone, this is a decision I made for you.”

“Is this a decision for me? Do you think I am working hard?”

“Sirone, what is happening to you these days?”

Sirone's heart sank. Nade and Iruki also avoided Shiina's gaze.

Seeing their reaction, Shiina felt it. She, too, was confiding in all her friends.

“You guys are really mean. Especially, Iruki, you would have known that Sirone could fall into an overflow, but why didn't you tell the teacher?”

Sirone looked back at Iruki.

“Iruki. What is an overflow?”

“Just what… … not a big deal. Is it a phenomenon that occurs when awakening is higher than the current level? I did it when I was 8 years old too.”

Shiina was not satisfied with Iruki's explanation.

“If you fall into an overflow, your mind may collapse. I heard about the Immortal Function from Miss Etella. If you miss the timing, recovery may be impossible.”

Sirone bit his lip and fell into thought. He still has nightmares every night and suffers from parasomnia. Sometimes he wondered if he was going crazy. If this situation persisted, there was no guarantee that he would not.

Shirone asked Iruki again.

“Oh, how was it? What about you?”

“Hmm. I was really fine It was a bit scary. When I told my father, he said that since you are that kind of guy, you can live like that for the rest of your life.”

Shiina put on a puzzled expression. She says that her young son is crying, but that's what it means to do it. However, considering who Iruki's father was, he could have been. In any case, it was an undeniable fact that his father's neglect played a part in the formation of Iruki's eccentric personality.

Shiina asked Nade with the feeling of grabbing at least a straw.

“Nade. What do you think of me as a friend?”

"ha ha ha. well? I don’t know what overflow feels like.”

Shiina sighed, expecting that Shirone would change her mind after hearing her friends' experiences. Still, her danger was imprinted on her, so Sirone will follow her will as well.

“Anyway, for that reason, Sirone will leave the study group. If you guys have a heart to think of friends too, admit it. The most important thing right now is Sirone's state of mind.”

Nade said with a bored expression.

“Isn’t that the teacher’s judgment? Don't I think so?"

Shiina sighed in frustration. Her stubbornness despite knowing her friend's condition was far from her friendship.

"You're doing it because you don't know the fear of overflow. I'm sure Iruki will allow it.”

"no. Am I a bit weird too? In any case, it's up to Sirone to take care of himself, right? I don't know why the teacher cares so much.”

It was a cold word to come out between friends. But that was why they were friends. The fact that Sirone, the person involved, was not disappointed was proof that their way of thinking was based on the same rationality.

“Then are you saying it’s okay for Sirone to go crazy?”

“There is no reason to be bad. But more than that, I think that Sirone can overcome it. It’s something I have to endure as long as I decide to be the best on this floor anyway.”

Nade said.

“I am of the same opinion. Come to think of it, aren't you favoring Sirone too much? It doesn't matter to us, but it can be quite burdensome for you.”

Nade thought for a moment, then added with his eyes shining.

“There are even rumors going around among the students that the teacher sees Sirone as a man.”

Of course, such rumors never spread. But it was also this method that worked best for teachers. Shiina didn't take it lightly either. She had been in conflict with the shadowy research society for years, and she was the one who didn't nod to rumors even worse than this.

“Let’s do that. Then, can I take charge of Sirone now?”

Even teachers cannot arbitrarily withdraw students from the study group unless they violate school rules. In this case, Nade's approval was desperately needed as the research chairman's decision was more important than the management meeting.

“Don’t force yourself. So are you saying that the rumors that the teacher sees you as a man are true?”

“I mean, if you think so, you can think of it that way. I will not yield.”

"is it so? Then can you date me too?”

Shiina shook her head as if she didn't even want to imagine it.

“No, that will never happen.”

"look. The teacher's words are contradictory. After all, you’re favoring Sirone.”

“Sirone is kind, honest, and popular, so rumors like that could spread. But aren't you?"

“… … teacher. Can I be hurt right now?”

“No, no. Listen carefully. Trying to trap me like this is futile. Even if it is a senior, I will never view the student I teach as a man. But I mean, it doesn't matter if you hear such a misunderstanding if you want to take Sirone with you. Sirone needs constant attention. You guys are the ones who are being forced.”

Nade, who was speechless, took the place of Iruki.

“I know the teacher is worried, but if you can’t cross the overflow anyway, that’s the limit. It's not even dying. Isn't it reasonable to trust Sirone?”

“Are you not going to die? Other than that, I wouldn't do this either. But it's an immortal function. There is no guarantee that the worst won't happen.”

“I guess so. But it hasn't happened yet. I think that Shiina-sensei is worrying too much about an unclear problem. It’s not an interest, it’s an obsession.”

"Obsession?"

Shiina swallowed. She felt as if she had been exposed to her inner pain. Maybe Iruki wasn't wrong. The darkness that suddenly came to her in her young days carved a bigger wound into her heart than the overflow.

“After hearing what you said, I think this is my problem.”

Sirone took advantage of the silence to speak.

"I'm OK. Honestly, it's scary, but more than that, I want to watch it. what will i be like And will I be able to overcome it? Even if you fall into an overflow, you will never resent the teacher.”

Sirone's words brought back vague memories to Shiina. She said the same thing to the man who saved her from her hell.

- Shiina. It's about looking straight at what's coming your way. No matter how scared you are, you shouldn't turn away. Closing your eyes doesn't make it disappear.

- go away! My brother knows nothing!

'If only I had that kind of courage... … .'

---------------------------------------