[212] 5. Angel's Magic Ceremony (2)

“It was called Guffin. It's the same guffin that made the guffin's door, right? Why did Miro call that person's name at the last minute?”

Ikael blinked his eyes with a surprised expression. 

It was unexpected that Sirone heard that voice. However, he continued to explain in a calm tone.

“Guffins are the first gatekeepers to protect your world from the armies of Heaven. Miro, for example... … It can be said to be the successor to Guffin.”

"yes? Are you saying the labyrinth isn’t the first?”

“The circumstances the two faced were different, but for now, yes. McLean Guffin, he must be one of the finest human beings in your world. No, he's better than any Nephilim. That's probably what separates humans from God.”

“Then where is he now?”

Ikael shook his head.

“I went to a place where I couldn’t look down. Leaving behind a successor named Miro.”

“But that means… … .”

"is it so. She must forever serve as a barrier in a place where time does not flow. Otherwise, Sirone's world will perish.”

Sirone's lips trembled. The last time I saw Miro's face came to mind vividly.

How did she feel when she was isolated from the world and had to face solitude without a promise?

At that moment, I felt terrifying.

The conversations I had with the principal came to mind one by one.

At that time, Alpheas' face looked sad. No, he sometimes put on a scary face like an angry man.

What if the maze didn't choose that path on its own?

What if someone forced you to quarantine?

Thinking that far, Sirone got goosebumps.

It couldn't even be called a crime. It was a decision that threw a single human into an eternity of hell.

“How long will the alternative maze be... … ?”

“Even now, the army of Heaven is fully prepared for the final battle. Maybe it won't take too long. It's because the coordinates are recorded in the metagate brought by Sirone and the others.”

Sirone's mind went blank.

Miro used scale magic to block Heaven's gate. But Metagate was like opening a new gate to heaven.

"no way… … I can't... … .”

"no. It's possible. As long as there is a Metagate, it is possible to bypass the space-time of the labyrinth with Heaven's technology.”

Sirone felt like his body was about to collapse.

It wasn't a matter of living or dying. It was the destruction of the entire human race.

I couldn't believe it was true. What the hell have we done?

“That's why I want to help. Sirone's friends are caught in a great world war. Kariel will implant Nephilim information into the girls' bodies.”

“Why? You said you were preparing for the final war! But what does the Nephilim have to do with this yard?”

“Because things have changed. The maze is not a Nephilim. Even so, I opened Immortal Function on my own. Such cases are extremely rare, but they happen quite often in Sirone's world.”

That was the reason why there was confusion when I heard the word Nephilim at Nor's Shelter. There were too many Unlockers to be descendants of angels.

“That means that Sirone's world has become farther away from Ra's will. Guffins are what dragged time so humans could understand the nature of the world. And now that will has taken over to Miro. Of course, the amount of time she defended pales in comparison to her guffins. But given the speed of her growth, it is something that cannot be overlooked.”

Sirone agreed with that.

The speed of development of magic was definitely accelerating. It was also the point at which an analysis came out that the performance of the past 100 years was worse than that of the last 10 years.

“This time, even humans won’t be easily defeated.”

"that's right. Although it is a minority, even the rulers of the human world are aware of the existence of heaven. Perhaps you are preparing in some way. Now, even one more Nephilim is needed.”

Sirone trembled. Injecting angelic information into human bodies in order to destroy them. 

For that reason, the thought of Amy giving birth to someone was unbearable.

“Why were you standing by? If you are an archangel, you can ask to be released, right?”

Ikael looked at Sirone with sad eyes.

"ah… … .”

That's it. Why does Miro hate Ikael? For she is the angel who commands her heavenly armies. Ikael was also once the archangel who punished humans.

“Yes, I am an angel. If the final war breaks out... … I also have no choice but to fight humans.”

Sirone felt as if all the strength in her body was draining away.

Was it like this after all? Should I watch my friends suffer in heaven without anyone's help?

"I am… … If only it had been before I met the Guffin.”

Ikael smiled and stuck out his tongue.

“Don’t worry, Sirone. I want to help you. Humans, unlike angels, have infinite possibilities. I think the final war should never happen.”

Sirone put on a dazed expression, then realized the weight of her words.

If the archangel, who had risen to the level of the archangel, would stand on the side of humans, there was hope even if the final war broke out.

He said it was before he met Guffin. I couldn't ask what Ichael was guilty of, but I could guess that he had something to do with him.

“You shouldn’t be too relieved. I am a body with sealed power. Besides, you can't even leave the room, so even if you help Sirone, you can't help directly.”

"but… … I cannot defeat an angel with my own strength.”

"that's right. Angels are strong. Besides, if it's Kariel, he's an archangel so powerful that I can't even deal with him before I lose my power.”

“Then what now?”

He wouldn't have said that just to kill his spirit. Sirone waited for her solution to come from her, expecting her thread of hope.

“There is one way. Your chances of saving your friends will increase slightly.”

"really? What is it?”

“An angelic magic circle. That's what Sirone uses.”

"therefore… … You mean Halo?”

"that's right. Angels activate their abilities by accumulating information in their halos. If Shiroe masters it, he will be able to create one chance at a crucial moment.”

Sirone remembered what happened in Sharmain. The feeling of intimidation I felt when Ikasa opened his halo still lingered in my body.

But does that mean you have to use it yourself?

I didn't think it would be possible. This is because humans do not have over-spirit.

If there is no asteroid, how can a magic circle be created when there is no space to engrave information?

“Of course it won't be easy. In order for Sirone to use the angelic magic circle, she must overcome at least three difficulties.”

Ikael said, spreading three fingers.

“The first thing to do is to make the asterism. We know that the human spirit is inside the body, but it can be brought out through special means. Can you?”

Sirone nodded. The concept that Ikael spoke of was a departure from the four ways. 

Certainly, if it was a breakaway type, it seemed that it could imitate the angel's over-spirit to some extent.

“The problem starts now. Even if you made a celestial body, unfolding the halo is on a different level. You should be able to draw a perfect circle. If the circle is distorted even a little, the calculation speed of the light is significantly slowed down, and even if it is slowed down by only 0.1 percent, the ability of an angel cannot be implemented.”

Humans cannot draw a perfect circle. However, it is not impossible in the realm of the mind. It is important to grasp the mathematical concept of a circle.

It wasn't easy, but it was a hurdle that had to be overcome.

“This is the first hurdle. The second is even more serious. The Angel's power comes from the enormous amount of information that Halo accumulates. To put it mathematically, even if a human records his or her entire life, it's not enough. Calculating it at the speed of light is the point of Halo.”

Sirone recalled the scene where Ikael exploded Galliant Volcano. The ability to increase the activity of a dormant volcano by as much as 20,000 times and burst it into an active volcano has surpassed the human category.

“Even if it’s up to the perfect circle, what about the formula? The human mind cannot calculate so much information in an instant that it can cause a volcano to explode.”

“But I have an insight. I'm going to try one here. It's a psychological bond. I will become Sirone and use Halo. Then, that experience is converted into Sirone’s experience and remains in the mind.”

“That way… … .”

Ikael's eyes turned fierce.

“Don’t call it a method. It is no different from the extreme violence that can be inflicted on humans. If you don't do it, Sirone's spirit will be broken. And my mind, which has assimilated with Sirone, cannot be safe.”

Sirone's stomach churned. It didn't matter if his mind was destroyed to save his friends. Because he risked his life from the beginning. However, if even Ikael was in danger, it was a matter that could not be decided hastily.

“If I fail… … .”

“Sirone, don’t think of anything else. I offered to help you. Don't worry about me, just think about saving your friends for now.”

Sirone took a deep breath to calm her mind. She had no choice but to do as she said.

“What is the third challenge?”

“Even if the formula for the magic circle is completed, whether it can withstand it is another matter. If mental durability is not supported, Sirone will be destroyed. Of course, this is separate from my risk. But if you can't stand it, it's better not to try this in the first place.”

“Don't worry about that. I will definitely endure it.”

I was confident enough at the last gateway. From the time he entered magic school, his spirit showed strength in durability.

Moreover, since he had reached the level of indestructibility, he thought he could endure it to some extent.

“You don't understand. I know that Sirone has a mental power that never collapses. But that may not be enough.”

“Are you saying it can collapse when it never collapses? That seems like a contradiction.”

"no. The former and the latter have different conceptual layers. If it's a vessel that holds Sirone's spirit, the current durability would be enough. However, the concept of an angel born in a higher dimension is of a different quality. A vessel may be sufficient to hold water, but when the water freezes, any vessel is bound to break.”

“Yeah, that’s right.”

It was a mountain beyond a mountain. None of the three hurdles she presented was easily overcome.

No, maybe this was normal.

It was a job for humans to learn the archangel's magic circle, so it was good to take this level of risk from the beginning.

“Halo will explode Sirone's mind from within. The choice is Sirone's. If you know the risks and want to try it, I will help.”

To the angel, mental collapse was like the cessation of life.

If Ikael risked everything to help, Sirone had no reason to refuse.

It is for the sake of my friends, but the opportunity to learn the true intentions of the Archangel will never come again.

“I will try. No, please. I will accept it no matter what the outcome may be.”

"great. From now on, the magic trick to be performed on Sirone is possession. It combines with the spirit to dominate humans. It is usually used by dispatched angels to convey the will of Ra.”

Sirone had read about possession through various literature. I was dubious at the time, but now I have no doubt as the Archangel speaks through his mouth.

“If the possession is successful, the spirits of Sirone and I will merge. It's easy to harm Sirone if I have an evil mind. Also, if Sirone loses her innocence, that evil will seep into me.”

It was a warning that if we are not careful with each other, something irreversible will happen.

Sirone nodded meekly this time as well. It's because Ikael can't have an evil heart.

Nor was he an angel so weak that he could not control his innocence if he lost it.

---------------------------------------