[247] 6. Magic Clash (7)

“ Sirone is a strong kid. He's not the type to get frustrated when he loses once, and he'll be able to achieve something bigger through defeat. If he is a true teacher, he must also teach you how to learn from defeat.”

Olivia raised her hand as if to block Alpheas's voice.

"I'll take it as an excuse from a 4th-class loser."

“Cheuk, anyway, today I’m just a spectator. Syrone and Dantera. That would be really fun.”

The time for confrontation has finally returned. 

When Shiina, who was in charge of the referee, walked to the center of the 2,000th, the atmosphere in the hall became reverent.

After a while, the best talent of Alpheas Magic School and the best talent of the kingdom collide. 

Mark, whose limbs were shaking as if having trouble breathing, looked back at Iruki who was sitting next to him.

“Oh, it feels like my blood is drying up. Senior, Sirone-senpai can win, right?”

“I think both of you will have a chance. Attack magic is different for Syrone, but Dante's tactical operation cannot be ignored. If the number of magic circles increases, Shirone will also be tied up from then on."

A hopeful diagnosis did not come out even from the mouth of Iruki, who could be said to be the closest. Mark was about to speak out with tears in his eyes when the students suddenly shouted.

Sirone and Dante were coming up on the side of the 2,000.

Shiina, who served as the referee, was courteous to the former and current principals, then summoned Sirone and Dante to the center of the 2,000th.

The faces of the students who watched with interest as the two met turned pale. It was because Sirone was approaching Dante beyond the prescribed location.

'Oops!'

Sirone hurriedly came to his senses and stopped walking. But Dante's face was already right in front of her nose. It was because I didn't pay attention to her while thinking deeply.

The students understood Sirone's behavior as a provocation and were more excited, but their friends who knew Sirone's personality had different thoughts.

It was clear that he was nervous.

Killline laughed as if she felt sorry for the unusual situation.

"Ho Ho! what should I do? What time of day would such a cheap provocation be made?”

There were many challengers who had behaved like that against Dante in the past. Whenever that happened, Dante would leisurely strike back and rather embarrass his opponent.

‘Whoops, Dante. What performance will we start with today... … huh?'

A question crossed Killline's face. Dante was also glaring at Sirone without even moving.

Shiina was explaining the rules, but I couldn't even get the feeling that I was hearing them.

Dante's friends were equally puzzled, as they had never seen anything like that before.

Sabina said, biting her nails.

"Dante, don't you think you're a little nervous?"

“I’m not that kind of person. Did you feel good until morning? let's wait a bit Maybe that’s showmanship too.”

Iruki, who had been listening to the conversation between the two, spoke.

“I can’t help but be nervous.”

"yes? You can't help but be nervous?"

Mark turned his head away with shocked eyes. Her nervousness reached its peak, and she was surprised at anything Iruki said.

“Sirone has never lost a competition. He said that the period of learning magic was short, but that's why he kept jumping over the barriers of high difficulty and came this far. Of course, Dante also accumulated a record that was close to impossible in the position of emperor for a long time. Those two will face each other.”

said Amy.

“A defeat is a record that is engraved in a person's life. Change the direction of life in any way. However, the two are still undefeated. An abnormal career that is possible only when a single mistake is not tolerated. You don't want to miss it.”

Iruki answered.

“And today, the career of one of them is completely over. You will engrave the record of defeat into your life and live on.”

Mark was dazed. Is this the world where geniuses live? Defeat was engraved at the age of only 15, and he was in a state where he could not even catch his senses.

But I didn't feel the slightest regret. She just hoped that Shirone, who had beaten her, would win again, and her heart only raced as much as her heart ached.

“Ugh. driving me crazy. When are you starting?”

Shiina, who explained the rules, instructed them to keep their distance. But nobody moved. I couldn't seem to hear it.

"Two people? Please return to the designated location and wait.”

All sorts of thoughts ran through Dante's head. who the heck is this boy? At first he said he didn't want to fight, he said he didn't need power or honor, but now he was glaring at him like he was going to eat it.

'no. Let's not think about it.'

Dante suddenly came to his senses. He hasn't lost in 472 fights, so we can expect him to not lose in the future. Just like any other challenger, he just had to step on it.

“Sirone! Dante! Follow the referee's instructions!"

The two came to their senses only after Shiina shouted ferociously, and stood back without averting their gaze.

Arriving at the designated location, Dante took a deep breath and moved his body to relax.

The distance of 60 meters seemed farther than usual.

However, I came up by beating all the strong people who said I was strong. It's a match that you can't lose if you do it as usual.

'Yes, I can fight my way. His only option would be a pre-emptive strike. Let's use it in reverse. As a target type, I have an advantage in speed.'

Accelerating the four-way to maximum, spreads a space movement magic circle under Sirone's feet. He wouldn't be shocked, but there was no way to break the balance. Then it was enough to cook according to the occasion, as we had been doing.

“Then from now on Sirone and Dante, Dante and Sirone… … .”

Shiina's words were drowned out by a loud shout.

It's a crash in the next 10 seconds.

It felt like the temperature of the air had risen due to the heat.

Shiina gave up trying to signal with a sound and raised her hand. Then, the cheers of the students grew louder, and Sirone and Dante's eyes were fixed on the hand signals.

“Start the game!”

Dante developed an ultra-high-speed sequence formula. The number that started from 1 reached 10,000, and the target-type Spirit Zone stretched out and swallowed Sirone.

'done… … !'

The moment he thought that, Dante's eyes widened. Dozens of photon cannons had reached his nose before he knew it.

Dante replaced the batteries and spread a defensive magic circle. The photon cannon, spread out like a barrage, struck the magic circle. Only then did I realize how things were going.

'Immortal Function!'

Immortal function was opened from the beginning. In addition, regardless of the operation of the tactics, the photon cannon was fired non-stop. 

Even the speed was fast with physical power comparable to earth magic. When I actually experienced it, it was a seriously annoying magic. 

Every time the defense magic circle cracks, information is accumulated and repaired, but I couldn't stand it any longer. 

When Dante avoided the spot by teleportation, Sirone, who was firing a photon cannon at high speed, followed after using photonization magic.

Two lines of flash embroidered the sky over two thousand times. 

The students were mesmerized by the slugfest that unfolded from the start, or rather, the one-sided display of firepower.

Iruki burst out laughing. 

Of course, that's a good move. However, it was unexpected that Sirone, who has a prudent personality, would bet on the game this early.

"It's an ulterior motive to prevent anyone from even thinking about opening a magic circle from the beginning."

Mark asked in a trembling voice.

“It's amazing. Is the person you are fighting right now the person who had a teleportation match with me last semester?”

“Probably not. Anyway, the fact that they don't give you time to practice your skills means that Sirone is serious too. If this happens, we don’t know the outcome.”

Sirone put pressure on Dante with her flamboyant movements. After blocking the left and right sides with the Patrol skill, he reversed the rainbow drop and soared into the sky. Underfoot, dozens of photon masses, several of which were born per second, chased after each other.

Sirone shot them all. When the photon cannon took over the space, Dante escaped by descending to the ground, the only way out. An air-to-ground bombardment followed, but he didn't feel like looking up at the sky.

'shit! Let me use some magic! Wasn't that a complete jerk?'

No, maybe this is better.

I can't keep immortal function for a long time anyway. If he passed only his initial offensive safely, it was his own victory.

'Yes, no matter how long it is in this state, it's 30 minutes. If you can hold out for 30 minutes... … !'

The photon cannons fell in a row, scratching the floor. Dante turned and looked at Sirone's location. 

Dozens of photon masses were pouring down from where Sirone was supposed to be.

Realizing the illusion, Dante got goosebumps.

'Damn it! 30 minutes is what, I can't even last 5 minutes!'

After blocking the 1st bombing with a defensive magic circle, he escaped the barrage by breaking through the path that occurred during the delay of the 2nd bombing. But there was nowhere else to move. Unbeknownst to him, he was pushed to the outskirts of 2,000 times. 

Sirone used her patrol technique to occupy the space and drove Dante to the end of the corner. Then, when Dante showed signs of slipping away, he threw a condensed photon into his hand. A flash of light stretched out.

In the end, Dante, who couldn't get out of the corner, hurriedly opened a defensive magic circle. A sense of weight that was different from the previous attack was conveyed.

When the 2nd and 3rd attacks collided in the same place, cracks broke even while repairing the magic circle.

Iruki smiled sadly.

“No matter how nervous you are, have you hardened your head? If you've dealt with this much, you should know. There's no way you can stop it with an improvised magic circle.”

When the magic circle that was blocking Dante was shattered, Sirone rushed in a straight line as if compressing space into dots.

Dante chose to give up evasion and buy time to prepare. When I spread a magic circle in all directions to block access, Sirone bent down and cast a berserker.

“Keuuugh!”

As the curtain beat 30 times per second and hit the magic circle, Dante's mind felt like it was being torn apart.

I had seen a wide range during tactical training, but I wondered how powerful it would be since it was only used for defense. However, when I experienced it myself, it was a handmade wide-area destructive magic.

As all 7 magic circles were broken, my mind was shaken. Dante covered her face and looked ahead over her wrist.

But Sirone was nowhere to be seen. 

The moment I lowered my gaze, I met eyes with Sirone, who was bending over with photons compressed in her hands.

Sirone swung her hand as she burrowed into Dante's arms. Photon afterimages followed him, hanging his tail.

For wizards, 2 seconds is enough time to increase their power. Dante had no time to think about anything else and opened a defensive magic circle.

The photon cannon thrown from an ultra-short distance hit the magic circle, smashed it in one blow, and hit the abdomen.

Dante was stunned for a moment. However, he quickly checked his condition and his shock was not too great.

'Sheesh! Still, I roughly blocked it! From now on… … !'

At that moment, Sirone reached out with both hands, grabbed Dante by the collar, and cast a photonization spell. Without even time to wonder about the unexpected head-to-head battle, Dante moved as light.

When the photonization magic was released in a state where it was impossible to distinguish where it was, Dante began to search for Sirone's location.

When he looked back, Sirone was nowhere to be seen, and countless photon bullets were filling his field of vision.

Kwa-kwa-kwa-kwa-kwa-kwa-kwak!

As the photon cannon was hit, the place where Dante was was smeared with white light. The students filtered the photons pouring into the retina with their fingers, but were unable to confirm the situation.

Sirone stopped attacking and took a breath. It was only 5 minutes after he started fighting.

Dante spread seven magic circles in front of him and covered his face with his arms. However, the light of the magic circle soon became blurred and shattered like glass. One of Dante's knees buckled and he slammed the floor with a thump.

The eyes of the students shook in shock. Although they spread the magic circle, it was clear that they could not completely block it.

Iruki's eyes lit up.

“Finally got in. This one is shocking.”

Dante is famous for never losing the initiative in any situation. 

Once in battle, it was a style of neutralizing the opponent's attack with genius management and then ending it with a counter.

However, Sirone broke through the barrier like an iron wall and succeeded in an attack that could be called an effective attack.

None of the 500 people gathered at the confrontation site said a word. Killin, who had been watching Dante since he was a child, as well as his friends couldn't believe it.

472 wins in 472 matches.

Dante, who boasts an undefeated record, fell on his knees to his opponent in 5 minutes. As if revealing the ferocity of the battle, a rough wind came in and swept away the two thousand times.

(end of volume 10)

---------------------------------------