The Right Choice (4)

King of Baska.

“A monster, a monster!”

Giants over 80 meters in height surrounded the castle.

In front of the spectacle of peering through the windows with bewildered eyes, even the most prestigious politicians got their pants wet.

Is this a sign of ruin?

In the king's chambers, Adolf XII, who had become king in his youth, was also on his deathbed.

"ha. ha."

Pony was saddened because this was the last sight he would see, having ushered in a new era of magic.

“Your Highness, don't worry too much. The glory of Tor Mia will surely be passed on through the descendants.”

"crane! crane!"

In the midst of the royal family, King Adolf XII raised his head to deliver his last will.

“My, my all… …

And at the same time, I met the giant's eyes looking through the window.

“Aaaaaaa!”

Adolf XII was frightened and convulsed, and eventually died of agony.

"majesty! majesty!"

The king of Tormia has passed away.

In the midst of the royal family gathering and crying, only Pony had calm eyes.

'This is the king.'

He is only human.

'What should I do now?'

Thanks to Rufist risking her life to plead with her, she learned of the disaster that was about to happen to Basuka.

Sooner or later, an elemental bomb will explode over Baska, and no one will survive.

“Listen carefully from now on.”

"majesty! majesty!"

When no one in the royal family was listening, Pony opened her eyes and shouted.

“Listen to me, everyone!”

The royals frowned and looked back.

However, when he saw the giant walking outside, he realized the reality again.

“Eh, run away!”

The moment they were about to turn the doorknob, a rough current of water power swept through everyone.

“Pony! What are you doing!”

As the royals pushed up to the wall shouted with their eyes widened, Pony spoke coldly.

“Where are you going without inheriting the throne?”

“That, that… …

For those who staked their lives on their lineage, succession to the throne was as important as their lives.

“Of course, the next king is Adolf XIII here! Why are you asking the obvious?”

Each of the three princes had a name, but the eldest had already become Adolf XIII.

The royals were nervous.

'What is that Pony girl thinking?'

The Royal Guard had already been sent to the flower field at Rufist's suggestion.

There were a handful of guards, but if it was a Pony who graduated from a magic school, killing a person was an instant.

“If Tenar oppa becomes the next king… …

While everyone was watching with nervous expressions, Pony opened her mouth.

“How about holding a succession ceremony, even for a short time? Because the legitimacy of the king must be continued.”

"huh?"

The royals blinked.

“Look outside. This is a national crisis situation. We must quickly restore the kingship and lead the people.”

A sigh of relief was heard when she, who knew she would plot treason, obediently yielded.

“That would be nice. The palace must not be empty even for a moment.”

The eldest member of the royal family brought Adolf XII's crown and placed it on Thénar's head.

“Okay. Let's go now. quickly!" The succession ceremony ended in an instant, and the royal family left in a hurry, leaving Pony alone.

Looking at the distant relatives, Pony smiled lightheartedly.

'Still, I have at least some courage.'

Even when he heard Rufist's proposal, he dreamed that he might become king.

“What is that?”

Now that the world has come to this point, the really important things are not something that others can give you.

“You were right, Sirone.”

will survive

At least her end would be different from that of Adolf XII, who died with a miserable expression on her face.

The giant, who was examining the inside with interest as if observing the world of a small country, let out a roar.

“Gaaaaang!”

Although the giant's desire to trample on small things is incomparably greater than that of humans... … .

“I am not easy.”

Through the gap in the wall that the giant's fist broke through, the flash of teleportation escaped.

Codename Lucky Boy.

“There!”

The aircraft Nade boarded was a self-powered, wizard-only aircraft.

Because it draws power from the outside, it is light and small in size, making it ideal for maneuvering missions.

'Basuka.'

The Basuka seen from a high altitude was only the size of a thumb nail, but it felt like I could see each and every one of the demons teeming with it.

It was disgusting and, if I could, I wanted to crush it with my hard boots.

'It will happen soon.'

A single elemental bomb mounted on the lower part of the aircraft.

'Only one foot.'

In the event of an unexploded bomb, the operation will fail, and mankind will perish by the forces of hell.

Even so, Iruki insisted on one shot.

'Even though he's a thorough guy... …

Who in the world could blame him?

'do not worry. I will definitely succeed.'

Looking down again, most of the Hell's army was concentrated in or near Basuka.

'I drop it here.' When the first realistic signal arrived in my brain, my heart sank.

'really? Are you really doing it?'

As if the simulations I had imagined so far were absurd illusions.

'Everything I see now disappears. In an instant.'

Life, life, civilization, and the joys and sorrows contained within them were not the weight to bear.

“Huh.”

My heart was not moved, but strangely, sobs leaked out and tears flowed.

"timer. timer."

So I decided not to think about anything.

'I'm just doing it. Like a fool, like a machine. Like a psycho, I just have to do my job.'

The time of 60 seconds will appear on the panel of the elemental bomb, and the moment it is separated from the vehicle, it will decrease by 1 second per second.

'According to the calculations, it will explode 200 meters above Basuka, and once it explodes... …

There is no life that can survive.

"Goes."

Nade was about to reach for the button with a trembling hand when he heard a sharp voice.

“Catch that human!”

An army of fairies and fairies was flying in.

The moment he saw them, it seemed to pass quickly through Nade's mind.

'Press.'

A pure electrical signal with all the context implied.

As the elemental bomb detached from the aircraft with a click, the fairies turned sharply.

“Hold that object! Ikael's name

Ishida!”

Time left until detonation, 59 seconds.

The maze swept through the town of Baska.

“Something like a cockroach!”

Every time the incarnation of Thousand Arms Guanshiyin performed a burial, the building collapsed.

“There!”

It was difficult to distinguish who was the rogue, but Miro and the others had no time to worry about trivial matters.

“Knock-knock! You want to catch me?” Paimon laughed as he moved freely between hundreds of points in the air.

'It's an annoying ability.'

Eating out van.

The ability to isolate a specific space and use the motility of those trapped there instead.

And now, Baska was an area with an abnormal population density that did not even need the world's best modifier.

Paimon's voice was heard from all directions.

“Ho-ho-ho! O moths that crave fire! The most wonderful festival in the world is coming soon... … !” The roof on which Paimon was standing was first pressed down in the form of a palm, and then the Cheonsu Gwanse Yin Jangbeop was pierced with repeated blows.

“It will begin.”

Paimon, who had left space before he knew it, looked up at the high sky with ecstatic eyes.

Elemental bombs were falling.

"what?"

The halo of the sun and moon created a telescopic effect in the atmosphere, and Miro and the others looked up at the sky.

"this!"

Even if he had prepared for death, it was dizzying to think that the bomb was about to explode.

'How much is left?'

The timer Sain checked was 38 seconds.

Nade's aircraft, which avoids the rain of fairies' attacks, increased its output.

“I’m going crazy because I’m frustrated!”

Even if he cast lightning magic, it was impossible to counterattack because it was absorbed as the power of the flying object.

'It's too late to escape in time anyway.'

In the end, Nade, who left the aircraft, spread plasma around him and started magic in earnest.

passed the law

White electricity flashed like an explosion.

“Kyaaak!”

The fairy's scream was cute, but the result was terrible.

As the bodies of the fairies struck by lightning glowed, squirrel-sized skeletons were reflected.

'What the hell are these?'

According to the information I heard as the chairman of the Nade Group, it must be the army of Heaven.

The dynamics of good and evil are complex, but they were never necessary for humans.

'Too many.'

As a rule of thumb, the number of fairies in the base was over 20,000, and the number around them also reached 1,000.

“I will take on the human. You guys collect the bombs!”

Hundreds of fairies chased after the bomb at the direction of Tanote, the head of the fairies.

'no!'

He had already given up his life, but as much as the elemental bomb, he had to explode at a fixed location.

"at there!"

At the same time as Nade headed toward the ground, a strong restraining force wrapped around his body.

“Keugh!”

Tanote said with a cool smile.

“Triangle Jung. Triangle Field.”

Nade quickly scanned the large red line around him.

It was trapped inside an acute triangle, and at the apex, an ominous flame was burning.

“When three points are connected by a straight line, the area is mine.”

'Damn it!'

Time left until detonation, 23 seconds.

“Iruki! Iruki! Open the door!” Left alone in the command room of the temple, Iruki sat down on the floor and did not answer.

An empty bottle of alcohol was scattered beside him, and his eyes, which had finished all the work, were unfocused.

“Iruki, please.”

Dorothy's voice was followed by the commander's cry.

“Back off! You said you wanted to be alone!”

“How are you? What if you have dangerous thoughts? Knowing how Iruki feels right now!”

“I do this because I know! Oh no, nobody knows! We cannot interfere!”

The sound of the quarrel was vague as if it was from another dimension.

“… … You made the right decision.”

Calculated by Lucky Boy's performance, it will arrive in the sky over Baska in the next five minutes.

Iruki smiled faintly.

'I did it. I did it. It couldn't be more efficient than this. That is why… …

Is it right?

“Ahh… …

As the fear trapped in his heart exploded, sobs leaked out involuntarily.

“Ahhh… … Aaaaaa... … Seeing himself trembling as he grabbed his head, Iruki was convinced.

"it's over."

You won't be able to live sanely.

"I'm done."

“Iruki! please! talk to me! huh?" Dorothy's banging on the door sounded like the approaching steps of a messenger from hell.

“Aaaaaa! Leave me alone!” When the sound disappeared from outside the door, Iruki covered his head again and sobbed.

“It would be fine if I died. If I die... …

At that time, a calm knock sound was heard, different from the moment before.

“Iruki.”

The moment I heard the voice, my eyes widened.

pounding! pounding!

My heart was beating fast, and I raised my head even though I knew it was hallucinations.

“Iruki, it’s me. May I come in?” It was Sirone's voice.