[174] 1. Kergo Autonomous District (6)

Sirone was right. As you can tell by looking at the difficulty level of the Accomplishment and Sacrifice Room, what Kergoin wanted was no idle talk.

A person who can prove his strength in the space-time of the labyrinth or open all 8 at the same time. If it is not at that level, you cannot even enter the autonomous region, let alone the gate of heaven.

-Canis, I think it's time to take it out. If Sirone doesn't go, we can't go to heaven either.

- But it's surprising. I never thought I'd be so scared

-If you look at it favorably, it must be insightful. Based on the information I heard, my senses seem to move. Let's start anyway.

After collecting Harvest's opinion, Canis looked back at everyone. Then he held out his hand and spoke insinuatingly.

“If I… … What if there was a way to get back here?”

2. Guffin's Gate (1)

As if electricity was flowing through the room, light flashed in Sirone's eyes. It was a new phase.

The reason Sirone perceives heaven as a danger is that the probability of returning is remarkably low. But if there is a way out, the story is different.

“Tell me in detail. What is the way to come back?”

“As you know, we were robbed by the Magic Association of the property we inherited from Master. I ended up sitting on the sidewalk. But he didn't want to get help from Alfeas either. Anyway, while he was thinking about what he could do, Harvest brought out his old memories. I traveled with Arin while you guys were in school. Archmage Viltor Arcane found a secret location he never wanted to reveal. Because the memories were erased, the Magic Association couldn't find it as much as this place.”

“You mean there was a way to get back here in that secret place?”

"no. It's not like that. I will show you.”

Arin took out a cube box from his chest.

The surface was engraved with both intaglio and embossed patterns. It was close to black, but depending on the direction the light came in, it gave off an iridescent color. The gap was wide open like a cube, so it seemed like it would turn around if you turned it by hand.

Tess had never seen the object Arin was holding. However, he had heard about the colors that caused diffuse reflection and the patterns that could not be imitated until his ears were worn out.

“That is an ancient artifact. It is made of a metal that does not exist in the world and has a pattern imbued with magical powers on its surface. I heard that it can't be used until it's unsealed because of its strong lock. Am I right?”

"that's right. Incidentally, this means the lock is unlocked. You can use it right away.”

Tess' eyes lit up.

The reason the Elzain family collects information on ancient weapons is that they have the power to shake the nation's foundation.

As far as she knows, breaking the seals on ancient artifacts is an international taboo. When a country unlocks an artifact, that country is making a gesture that it is prepared to wage war against the world.

“Can I have a look?”

When Sirone spoke, Arin handed over the ancient artifact. His friends flock to Sirone's bed.

Sirone scrubbed the surface and inspected the cracks. As I was looking around, I wondered what kind of device I touched, and the cube opened based on the center line, revealing a glass tube.

Surprised Sirone pressed the cube, but it did not close as if it had been fixed.

Undecipherable characters floated inside the glass tube. The possibility of an explosion could not be ruled out unless we knew what it was used for.

"Wow, it's pretty."

On the other hand, Tess' eyes lit up. Growing up listening to relics instead of fairy tales from a young age, her heart was full.

After receiving the cube from Sirone, she asked Canis.

“By the way, where are you writing this? No matter how I look at it, I don’t know how to use it.”

“I don’t know the details either. Arin found it. Throw it here.”

Tess held up the cube and carefully passed it over. However, Kanis threw it at Arin without any tension as if he had already gone through an experiment.

Watching Arin handle the cube, Sirone realized that she hadn't figured out how to use it out of luck.

When most people see an ancient artifact for the first time, they will try to make inferences based on what they know. Sirone also thought of cubes and bombs. However, without the obsession of form, she was able to find the singularity of things.

Realizing the power of menarche, Sirone listened to Arin's explanation.

“I don’t know why, but when I press certain things, they work. After doing this here... … I think you can press this part.”

Red light emanated from the glass tube and stained the room red like blood. cried Amy, covering her face with her pillow as Arin set her down on the floor.

"what? Are you exploding?”

Not sure how useful the pillow might be in stopping the explosion, she poked her eyes out over the pillow as if fully prepared, waiting for a response.

The machine beeping speeded up, followed by a note, and the red light disappeared.

Arin, who picked up the ancient artifact, continued his explanation by pointing to the floor where the cube was placed.

“This is space input. It remembers where the cube is placed. Then I will try again.”

When I touched the cube, the glass tube emitted a blue light this time.

Arin looked around for a suitable place and placed an ancient artifact near Sirone.

The glass tube turned white, and a huge black sphere was born in the air of the cube. A sphere of the same shape and size was also floating at the place Arin pointed to earlier.

“Oh, what about this?”

Sirone was taken aback.

It was a black hole seen in the space-time of the labyrinth. The ability to compress and penetrate space. The purpose of this ability was clear.

“Now I get it. this is a portal A portal that penetrates space-time.”

“You got it right. It's a device called a metagate. This device will be our secret weapon. First, I’ll show you a demonstration with Harvest.”

Canis knew that no one would readily throw themselves at the black sphere. The lifeless Harvest was perfect for such an experiment.

When Harvest put his hand into the black hole, a hand came out of the black hole on the other side.

Amy and Tess jumped onto the bed.

The distance between portals is 3 meters. Harvest was on either side, separated by three meters. If the experiment had been performed on humans, a more bizarre scene would have been produced.

“Hehe, it’s fun every time we do this, right?”

“Harvest, this is dangerous. Come out now.”

Arin said anxiously. According to the experiment, the time the portal was maintained was 1 minute.

After Harvest escaped and the portal disappeared, Canis picked up the cube again and spoke triumphantly.

"how is it? It is a warp device that connects time and space by remembering the location of a specific point. If you memorize the location of this place and use it in heaven, you can come back anytime.”

As an impossible situation turned into a possible one, a ripple rippled through the hearts of Sirone and the others.

Tess said in a trembling voice.

"this… … Isn't that huge?"

Since he was Archmage Arcane, he risked his life to go to heaven, an ancient artifact he must have possessed. That alone was enough for a top-secret state secret.

What's even more amazing is the fact that the seal has been broken.

If the existence of this object were revealed to the world, it was clear that diplomatic friction would arise.

It was not at the level of the magic circle used by the parrot mercenaries.

What would happen if one Ganja infiltrated the castle and activated the metagate? Troops will come flooding in and the kingdom will be in danger of being overthrown. Such were the ancient relics.

Amy came to the same conclusion. It is also used, but it is beyond imagination even if it is valued in terms of money.

I don't know how much legacy Arcane left to Canis, but there was no doubt that this one item would be worth many times that amount.

"this… … Can I sell it?”

I know it's nonsense. But the question was also true.

To be honest, I was dying of curiosity. 10 billion? 100 billion? If she could sell it, her 12th-generation granddaughter would one day bow before Amy's portrait every night. I could see why Kanis kept her secret.

Tess thought seriously. She looked over her metagate with her chin resting on her chin like her appraiser, then she shook her head, she said.

“Honestly, no one can buy this. At least it should be at the national level. Money is money, but the impact will be enormous. Outside of the country, the most ideal buyer would have an ivory tower.”

If you are a wizard living in the kingdom of Tormia, you cannot be free from the Magic Association. And there are magic associations in other countries as well.

However, the ivory tower was not a place to approach with that concept. They were those who explored magic regardless of the world situation. It was a transnational organization, and its armed forces were not pushed back even when it fought all over the world.

“The ivory tower is a place called the sharp edge of the world. Even if it's an ancient artifact, I don't think they'll move.”

“From a wizard's point of view, you might think so. First of all, because it is a thing. But there are plenty of possibilities. You can tell just by looking at the Ex-Machina incident 70 years ago.”

“Ex-Machina?”

“It's the name of an ancient weapon possessed by the country of Korea. I heard from his dad that he had previous work in Cotria to increase the security of the Ex Machina. It was a job to move it to a new bunker 30 meters away from its original location, but the international community was in a frenzy. It felt like a world war would break out any minute. Do you know what that means? That's what happens just because the ancient weapon moved 30 meters.”

“It’s terrifying. What weapon is it?”

“The Elzain family also participated in the espionage war, but they couldn't find out anything. I don't know what shape it is, how big it is, or even how it works. However, judging from the reaction of neighboring countries at the time, it is highly likely that it will be a MAP weapon.”

“A map weapon?”

“It is not a weapon used in the field. It's a name that means that the top leadership decides on a map. The seal hasn't been broken yet, but I don't know. Because 70 years have already passed.”

The map weapon has no humanity. Because nothing is shown on the map. It is not depicted who lives there, what culture they enjoy, and what they must protect. It was a world calculated only with a triangular ruler, compass, and pencil.

Kanis just listened to the people criticizing other people's things.

I have no intention of selling Master's relics. The reason for his silence was to imprint his sacrifice. Until he revealed the ancient artifact, he was determined to go to heaven.

“Um, Ex-Machina. And this is Metagate.”

Sirone stopped muttering and looked back at Canis.

“Oh, but how do you know the name? You said Arcane erased her memory, right?”

“It was written on a note. Although it was just a list of words. Even if you find a secret place, it must have been so that you wouldn't be able to guess what it was. It’s the meticulousness of a master.”

“What else was written on it?”

“It's nothing particularly great. There was no explanation of heaven at all. I guess you didn't want to reveal that much. But we can explore. It's because there is a metagate. How about it, can this be enough to trade for Immortal Function?”

There was room for thought. Just looking at the fact that heaven, which had only approached with fear, turned into a small thrill. With Canis, the chance of survival increases dramatically. but… … what does he get?

“Why do you want to go to heaven? It just doesn't make sense just because Arcane went. It's not like there's any detailed information. I think you can make a judgment only after hearing your motives for going to heaven.”

Seeing Sirone scrutinizing the possibility of a trap to the end, Canis felt more confident. If I had to leave for a dangerous place, it would be several times more efficient to accompany Sirone rather than a lesser wizard.

---------------------------------------