anger (1)

Hearing the sound of his heart beating, Ogent turned to Laird.

"ha ha ha! Will this be fun?”

Watching them wield their wooden swords loudly and prepare for sparring, their spirit soared.

'Do you want me to stop killing you?'

If Ogent's heart was revealed through violence, even if Laird turned to dust, it wasn't enough.

I still want to hit you

'It's a peck.'

Recognizing the truth in his heart, Ogent smiled bitterly.

said Damian.

“Ogent, I’m sorry.”

Ogent didn't know what he was sorry for.

“If I hadn’t taken you as my son, none of this would have happened. but… … It is unavoidable.”

Because I can't turn back time.

“There is nothing to be sorry for, Father.” All the words angered Augent, but it was true that he had saved his life.

As a result, the anger intensified.

Without saying what to do, Ogent walked over to the arena and took the wooden sword in his hand.

'Only with this... …

Ogent has never really fought anyone before, so he doesn't know exactly how good he is.

But it never occurred to me that I was a frog in a well.

Although he never fought a human being, he could cut down a burrowing creature, something other humans couldn't.

“I want to be gentle, but… …

Leard tapped his shoulder with a wooden sword and said.

“A true warrior is not afraid of injury. How much would you do with this piece of wood? Let’s go hot.”

'It's stupid.'

It sounded like common sense to someone who had reached a certain level, but Ogent laughed in vain.

'A person can be killed with just one chopstick.'

"brother! Show me the power of the Kang Clan!”

Even though it would be difficult to support either side, Smille asserted Ogent's victory.

'Is it ignorance, or is it sunny... …

No, Smille was always like that.

Unlike Ogent, who weighs all the risks before doing something, she was always unstoppable.

'So I want you... …

Ogent, who had erased his thoughts, held out his wooden sword.

“Let’s start.”

After declaring war, Reid's expression, which had been smiling until now, became frighteningly calm.

'He's not a pathetic guy.'

A unique aura called the giant's power was rising from Laird's body.

Of course, it was a temperament that only August's senses could feel.

“Taha!”

Laird rushed in first, and Ogent turned around belatedly.

"wow??????

Those who watched quickly fell in love with Leard's swordsmanship, which was stronger than expected.

Even Smille, who had believed that Ogent was the best until now, opened his eyes wide at the speed of the sword.

Ogent, who was the only one whose expression did not change, was calmly pouring out his attacks.

'He's a strong man.'

I didn't want to belittle it as weak.

It was clearly a skill worthy of representing the mountain clan, and he was also adept at handling the power of a giant.

'What the hell am I... …

That's why I suddenly had a question.

'How strong is it?'

The reason why you get goosebumps all over your body and even get a creepy feeling is because you have confirmed your inaction on a different level.

'Can there be such a difference?'

Lead's movements were clearly visible in a sense of a completely different dimension, incomparable to numbers.

'This is not something to avoid.'

Almost to the point of foreknowledge, each and every one of Laird's movements was being analyzed individually.

Ogent's sense of being able to walk only ten steps in a day eventually reached such a level.

Being able to deal with Lead with only 1% of his nerves, he thought with the remaining 99% of his nerves.

'This man will be Smille's husband.' From the day she first met her, she had never left her heart for a single moment, and she would be gone.

My stomach was boiling.

“Yaaaa!”

The moment Reid performed a vertical slash, Ogent twisted his body and assumed an upward stance.

'rather… …

Raising the sword upward would break Lair's neck, but he hurriedly stopped.

Laird, who had never been attacked by Ogent, glared at him with his eyes wide open.

“If you’re going to do it, do it right, you little bastard.”

I don't know why they didn't attack, but it was clear that they were mocking.

"Let's stop. It doesn't make any sense anymore.”

The whispers between the two did not spread outside, but everyone kept their mouths shut in a subtle atmosphere.

“No meaning? It is a showdown between the mountain clan and the river clan. Are you still a warrior?”

“I am not of the river clan.”

It was a fact that you could tell just by looking at the color of his hair that August was the adopted son of the chief.

'What is this bastard?'

Even though he is a competent person who lightly sheds his onslaught, he has a nervous personality with extreme timidity.

'Even if it's not blood, how do you act like this to your brother-in-law?'

One possibility flashed.

“Could you… …

After looking at Smille, Laird's eyes stared straight at Ogent's face.

The blood was gone from his normally pale face.

“Such a pervert!”

At the sudden shout, both the Gang clan and the San clan put on a bewildered expression.

Only Smille was watching.

“I will beat you to death!” Leard, who already thought Smille belonged to her, let out anger and swung the sword at her neck.

But at this moment, the person who was most angry was Ogent.

'Kill it!' The rage born of shame blew away reason, and the sword bent at tremendous speed.

It is impossible to distinguish with the naked eye, but Leard was unable to move even 1/100th of his movements.

be patient

All sorts of thoughts rushed through my head as I heard the sound of my heart.

‘If I kill Lee… …

become a murderer

How will Smille see herself? How sad will her father be? Will she be able to withstand everyone's criticism?

'Hold on! Please bear with me!'

Thousands of thoughts that shouldn't be done put the brakes on the fast-moving wooden sword.

“Aaaaaaa!”

The wooden sword came to a standstill as a strong wind blew in.

“Keugh!”

The moment Laird stiffened with the wooden sword in front of him that he did not even know he had reached.

Kurrurrurrung!

All the trees in the forest behind him were cut down and started to fall in the same direction.

“I-what is that?”

Even August didn't know.

'what?'

His senses reached the pinnacle of his body, but it was the first time he had ever experienced the phenomenon of being cut by things that had not been cut.

'Something inside of me erupted.'

law.

Lair lost his temper while thinking about a not yet clearly defined concept.

“You son of a bitch!”

The wooden sword, which had been struck with the determination to kill, twisted grotesquely in front of Ogent's face and exploded with a bang.

"brother!"

People thought that Ogent had been hit directly, and Smille jumped up with a surprised expression.

"you… … What the hell is it?”

The bizarreness beyond human common sense was felt only by Lead, the person involved.

'Huge.'

Anger in the heart is sublimated into reason and affects the real world.

It was a divine transcendence that only a top-level giant could do.

“I will go back.”

Throwing his wooden sword to the ground, Ogent bowed his head deeply to Damian and avoided the seat.

Watching his son walk away, Damian sighed.

'Am I running away again?' Even if it meant ruining her daughter's wedding, she hoped her son would vent his anger once in a while.

'Well, that's you.'

If I could run away forever like that, it was one of life to endure and live my whole life.

“I’ll go to my brother.”

As Smille tried to follow Ogent, Damian grabbed her daughter's wrist.

“Don’t go.”

"why? He's my brother.”

Damian couldn't bear to say why.

But Smille, as if she didn't like even that, stubbornly shook off her hand and turned around.

“Everyone is a coward.”

It was just stuffy about what they were afraid of.

After going deep into the mountains where Smille couldn't find him, August calmed his mind through meditation.

'slow. slower.'

I didn't have the courage to look at Smille's face.

'Let's forget it.'

will be leaving tonight

As always, all you had to do was run away from the fear you couldn't bear to face.

'I see.'

The level he had reached through the confrontation with Leard rushed like a wave through enlightenment.

' iced coffee.'

As if my brain had been opened, endless thoughts rushed in without me even realizing it.

Augent's body rose on its own, and both hands went up while he was in a cross-legged position.

'I am… … It transcended the body.' It was the awakening of genius.

'Yeah, that's it.'

To him, the sword is not a means to achieve something, but a refuge to escape misfortune.

'This is it.'

The day had changed before he knew it, when he opened his eyes.

“I need to pack.”

The reason why I don't have the courage to meet Smille is because I must have spent the night with Leard.

Until the wedding ceremony, it is clearly a man and a woman, but according to what I have observed so far, most of the first nights are held on the same night.

It felt like my heart was breaking, but I was trying to go down the mountain, ignoring those thoughts.

"brother." Smille was waiting in the corner of the forest.

“Smille.”

It was a pathetic voice even to himself.

“How do you know?”

Smille sighed and pointed around.

According to Maha's law, all the trees in the forest were bent to the point of breaking.

"This??????

"No, that's okay."

Unlike usual, it was an angry tone.

“Tell me what happened.” Will it be caught in the end?

" what?"

“You know it's not something to ask me, right? Now it's your turn to talk."

Ogent did his best to make excuses.

"sorry. I'm not feeling well today. Tell Lard I'm sorry too. And the wedding must be... …

“Brother, don’t you just marry me?”

August's face hardened.

“What, what do you mean, all of a sudden? You can't cancel a wedding that depends on the fate of the clan like this.”

I was spitting out a sound that I didn't even mean, but Smille stabbed me again.

“Do you know what I did last night?” All I could think about was running away.

“Yeah, of course… …

“Nothing happened.”

Smille, who watched Ogent's eyes change, took a deep breath and said,

“You really have nothing to say to me?” She seemed to give it one last chance.

'Is there something next for me?' The conviction that there was only now to change anything stuck in my head.

'I must confess. Even swordsmanship can't protect me anymore.'

There would be no higher level than now.

“Smille.”

Augent grabbed Smille's shoulders.

“Marry Leard.”

Perhaps Lair had a good look at people.

'I peck.'

From the beginning, he was a nasty guy who couldn't do anything.

“Get married and live happily. That's what pleases the clan and the father. If you don't get married, everyone will be unhappy.”

“What's so complicated? You can take responsibility for everything.”

Augent smiled sadly.

'How can you say such nice things?'

Smille, a huge river that flows quietly but contains everything, has always been an object of admiration.

“Have a good day, Smille. My brother is... …

Ogent's head jerked back.

"what?"

Woo woo woo woo.

As the air vibrated, clear sound waves were moving around the entire mountain.

'Vibration?'

Everyone in Purgatory knows

It was the natural vibratory sound of a living angel.