[365] Worst Project (3)

“The time-space of the labyrinth is balanced at the halfway point between heaven and here. Let's call it pressure for ease of understanding. After all, you are squeezing the maze with the pressure on both sides equal. But what if the pressure on one side suddenly disappears?”

Sirone was horrified at the thought of Gaold's words.

"pop! The labyrinth will be shattered into pieces. That's why you can't bring the maze out. From the moment she created the dimensional wall, she was trapped there.”

“But Heaven’s position is different.”

"okay. Heaven doesn't care about life and death in the labyrinth. It's enough for them to break down the dimensional wall and invade. A good example is the crack in the space-time of the labyrinth this time.”

“Is that possible? That must be a lot of pressure.”

“It's not impossible if the archangels do their best. They are the ones who handle the power of the moment the universe began. Amplified Ichael. Kariel of birth, Uriel of destruction, etc. it was all over However, Miro is also a genius who is hard to come out twice in the human world. That's why he became the successor of Guffin. Anyway, if I had closed her rift, she would have gone into a state of sedation. If she can't bring herself to her senses on her own, the situation has gotten worse. That's why we need reinforcements on our side as well. That is Sirone, you.”

A heavy burden pressed down on Sirone's chest.

There are many strong people in the world. I couldn't understand Gaold who dared to point out himself while leaving such people behind.

“What can I do?”

“In ancient times, the Nephilim led humans to heaven. However, it was revealed that pure Nephilim no longer exist after the erasure of the Guffin. All that remains is the ruins of the Guffin. Which means, Heaven also has no way to approach us without the remains of the Guffin. So we... … .”

Gaold paused. It was the wariness that arises at the moment when the secret that only one knows about the gangnan should finally go into the ears of a third person.

“Hacking the Akashic Records will change the coordinates of this world.”

“The Akashic Records… … Hacking?”

It was so absurd that I didn't even have time to argue.

Above all, the Akashic Records are the totality of the law changing the parts through the whole. Regardless of whether it was possible or not, something serious would happen if you mishandled it.

“Is it really okay? If you change the coordinates... … .”

If the meaning of a single word changes, the world will be completely different. It's easy to say that it's a Guffin erasure, but it's like no one knows what the world was like before the Guffin erasure.

“Of course, it could be a disaster for humans. But that won't happen. It's not the interplanetary coordinates we're trying to change.”

"then… … ?”

Gaold raised his index finger up and said.

“Change the coordinates of the beginning.”

Sirone did not answer for a moment. It took me a while to understand what he was saying.

“So, the beginning of the universe?”

"okay. It will be 4-dimensional coordinates by adding time to 3-dimensional spatial coordinates. Although it is exactly 11 dimensions. If you change the coordinates of the beginning, the events after birth do not change. Then, in the end, Heaven will no longer find us.”

“Because the absolute value has changed even though the relative value has remained the same.”

It was different from the Guffin erasure. This is because you are not resetting the world, you are changing the initialization point.

As if he understood correctly, Gaold nodded.

"That's right. Because the coordinates have changed, the pressure on the maze also disappears. Then we escape with the maze. After that, seal all the remains of the Guffins all over the world, and that's it. You will be forever goodbye to heaven.”

For Sirone, the operation finally came closer to reality.

Of course, success is still unpredictable, but at least in theory it was possible. And if it is theoretically possible, it is human beings who eventually reach it.

'The final war can be avoided. No one can die.'

Sirone asked after tidying up to that point.

“If I participate in the project, what role will I play?”

Gaold liked Sirone's if subjunctive. Assuming the worst was a natural child, and such prudence would benefit the team.

“The Akashic Records are in Ingris of Jebul. But heaven can only pass freely from the top to the bottom. Therefore, in order to enter Jebul without blood, you must pass through Arabot.”

Sirone recalled what he had experienced in heaven. If Ichael had not invited him to Araboth, he would not have even been able to approach Zebul, the resting place of angels.

“Then the key is how to break through Arabot. Most of Heaven's security devices are designed as mecha systems. Therefore, we will paralyze the mecha system and infiltrate Ingris.”

“Is that possible?”

Sirone, who had firsthand experience of how sophisticated Heaven's mecha system was, was hard to readily agree with.

“Use the ancient weapon Tagis. A weapon that generates powerful electromagnetic waves (EMP). If you intercept it with the Targis, you can temporarily bring down the mecha system. There is only one unsettling factor.”

Sirone's face hardened with tension. It would have been his job to remove that anxiety factor.

“The Akashic Records in Ingris are rebooted within 2 minutes through secondary storage when abnormally terminated. In other words, the time given to us to change the coordinates of the beginning is only two minutes.”

“What if I use Tagis for secondary storage?”

Gaold burst into laughter when he saw Sirone who had the same thoughts as himself.

“It wasn’t something I didn’t consider. However, as a result of the investigation, the auxiliary memory device is not a mecha system.”

The mecha system is a technology similar to magic engineering based on electrical power, and it is a system optimized for systematically classifying the Akashic Records.

“If it’s not the Mecca System, what on earth can you store the Akashic Records for?”

Something flashed in Shirone's mind.

"no way… … .”

Gaold nodded with a serious face.

"okay. There is another Akashic Record in Heaven besides Ingris. It is Anker Rada.”

Syrone guessed what Gaold was trying to say, and her heart pounded.

“It is estimated that Anke Ra may have been the first life form to perceive the universe. And for complete control, we created Ingris. As long as he remains intact, we will eventually have to fight against time. But what if the opposite situation? The success rate of the operation will increase dramatically.”

Sirone let out a deep sigh.

“Are you telling me to assassinate Anchera?”

Gaold waved his hand as if to say something.

“No, no. You are very seriously mistaken. I'm telling you to blow up heaven.”

Sirone's eyes flashed as if struck by lightning.

Destroy Heaven? Putting aside the absurdity, it didn't even make sense rationally.

The enormity of heaven can be vividly drawn even if you close your eyes and think about it right now. By what means did he fly to heaven?

“What do I do that the president of the association cannot do?”

It was a question that struck a chord. But Gaold's eyes were full of conviction.

“You can. No, ataraxia can do it. The reason I blocked your attack wasn't because Ataraxia was poor. Because your photon cannon was weak.”

Even Sirone couldn't deny that.

The original owner of Ataraxia is Archangel Ikael. And she had a history of amplifying Galliant's volcanic activity 20,000 times and ending the Kergos in an instant.

“But it is the same. Only I can use Ataraxia, and it is impossible to increase the power of the Photon Cannon in a short period of time.”

“So I am asking you. If it's you, maybe you can find a way.”

Sirone was frustrated. He seemed so immersed in the project that he couldn't understand what was being said.

“Even if you say that, how can you… … .”

“Sirone.”

Gaold's eyes penetrated Sirone.

"can do. No, you have to. Raising the power of the Photon Cannon is probably one way. But if that's not possible, find another way. Ataraxia is more powerful magic than any ancient weapon possessed by the temple. Try to understand everything about Ataraxia. and find a way It is not a genius to run fast on the path that others have walked. Genius is creating something that doesn't exist. You have developed countless magics through your own batteries. I'm putting my hopes on your genius.”

Gaold raised his index finger.

"1 year. Within the next year, develop magic that can produce destructive power that exceeds Heaven's durability. If possible, flying all seven skies is the best. Even if not, at least you have to create enough power to not restore the mecha system.”

Sirone was speechless. His head was so full of thoughts that it was about to explode. Gaold, on the other hand, returned to his carefree expression and asked for a cigar.

“This is all that can be heard in exchange for passing. If you succeed in this, no, if you seize even the slightest bit, you will be in the advance squad one year later.”

Sirone thought carefully. And he took out the last card he had saved.

“Do you really think I would do that? Something that could lead to the death of many subjects.”

"well. That would be something to think about in a year. Judgment will be made after that. Even if you don't, we go to heaven. I won't even blame you If you join the project, you become the enemy of the temple and the whole world. On the other hand, there is nothing I can give you.”

“There is one condition.”

Kang Nan looked back with a puzzled expression at the words that were close to half consent.

It is a life-and-death task, and the mission is also close to impossible. If things go wrong, you become a traitor to the world, and even if you succeed, you get nothing.

However, Sirone's answer contained no such calculation.

This time, even Gaold couldn't help but be surprised.

'Are you saying you're not shaken by anything other than your beliefs? okay… … Maybe you can be my savior.'

Gaold pretended to be nonchalant and lit a cigar.

“Yes, tell me. Anything that helps the project will be supported.”

“If I had the power to destroy Heaven, and if I ever reached that point… … .”

“What if you reach it?”

“When I cast my magic, it must be after meeting someone I want to meet. If that doesn't work, I won't do anything.”

“Hmm.”

Gaold put the cigar between his fingers and looked up at the ceiling. I vaguely guessed who Sirone wanted to meet.

'It must be Ikael.'

Archangel who taught Sirone Ataraxia.

Of course, meeting her was for personal reasons, but now I had another reason to meet her.

But is it really possible? Considering that, the difficulty of the operation is greatly increased.

But there was no option to refuse. If Sirone really found a way to neutralize Ankera, the effect would be incomparable to the increase in difficulty.

“I will not ask who it is. But why are you trying to meet me? Is it worth meeting even turning the world into an enemy?”

Sirone responded with a question instead.

“Why is the president of the association trying to save Mr. Miro while turning the world into an enemy?”

Cigar smoke exploded from Gaold's mouth.

“Hey, I got it. Even if you don't tell me, you'll understand, but today's work is confidential. stay here for the time being I will support you with anything that will help you in this work. It will also help you in your school life. You want to graduate before you die.”

"thank you."

There was no need to speculate. Now that I was on a boat, this amount of help was natural.

When the story was over, Sirone got up from the sofa and headed for the door. Holding on to the doorknob, he was lost in thought for a long time before speaking with difficulty.

“I have met Mr. Miro.”

“… … Is it?”

The answer was surprisingly bland.

The incident of being hijacked by Maze in the infinite realm is something only Alpheas and his friends know about, but Gaold, who has been tracking Sirone's whereabouts, vaguely expected it.

'Did I bring up something useless?'

I said it because I felt a sense of responsibility. But rather, to be calm may mean that you have been hurt beyond the scope of understanding.

“Then, I’ll go.”

Gaold said the moment Sirone pulled the door open.

"well… … How are you doing?”

Sirone recalled that time.

Even thinking about it now, it wasn't a particularly good meeting. She tried to trap herself in her maze of time and space, and eventually she was able to pass through the black hole and return to her original body.

Sirone looked back at Gaold and said with a smile.

"As I've heard, he's an erratic person."

“… … .”

Sirone left and the door closed.

Gaold thought for a long time. Then he chuckled and put out a cigar in the ashtray.

“He’s a good guy.”

Kang Nan said with a polite and cold expression.

"yes. Unlike the president of the association.”

---------------------------------------