[123] New encounter (4)

"ah… … grade card? My sister has it.”

“Raina? why? bring it.”

"I don't know. I took it away to show her grandfather. How do I know what the witch is thinking? Anyway, give me the sword quickly. Ever since she was little, she wanted to have it and worked so hard.”

The sword that Rian desperately wanted was a straight sword specialized in the swordsmanship of the Ogent family. It was a greatsword that was twice as heavy as a normal longsword, and the blade was too long to handle unless you were tall.

Ever since Lian learned the sword, he had his eyes on the straight sword of the Ogent family. In particular, the sword that was spit on as his own was the sword his grandfather used himself.

Clump had wanted to hand over the sword to Lian from before. It was Reina and Lian who inherited the blue-haired lineage among her own grandchildren, and apart from her female Reina, she thought that only Lian could wield her sword.

“I’m in the black grandpa’s room. But why are you suddenly looking for black when you say you're going to play? Tess, you've come a long way, though.”

“I have thoughts, yes. Anyway, I'll bring it now."

Ryan ran up to Grandpa's room. It was an excessive sword for him, who had not even mastered the schema, but he intended to bring it with him on this trip.

It is clear that Sirone is trying to explore the ruins. Just as thread follows where the needle goes, if Shiro runs into a dangerous place, shouldn't he be by his side?

'This is the great sword of the Ogent family.'

Lian looked up in rapture at the greatsword hanging in her grandfather's room. A form containing the soul of the Ogent family, which is difficult to even wield before opening the schema.

Of course, schema is still impossible. However, Lian raised the sword with only one hand and drew it in front of his eyes.

'Heavy. But it's not to the extent that I can't wield it.'

Lian felt the same way when she was judged to be an imaginary schema. However, he thought positively in any situation, as he never gave up.

Whether it's a schema or not, as long as it passes the muscle strength test, the power is the same. Someday I will have to open the schema, but I was still in the position that it was worth holding on.

Because the sword was so heavy, it was inconvenient to carry it in a sheath made of iron. Lian wore a net-shaped scabbard made of cowhide behind his back and inserted a straight sword.

People would stand out if he was dressed like this, but it didn't matter because it wasn't illegal to wear a sword.

Except for special areas designated by the city, anyone could kick a sword if they followed their own rules.

Commoners were sector level C, nobles sector level B, royalty sector level A, and so on.

Rian proudly wore his straight sword and came down the stairs. But the opportunity to get him noticed never came back.

Butler Lewis opened the gate and reported.

“Head of the household, Master Sirone has arrived.”

Entering the hall with Amy, Sirone first greeted Bischoff.

On the outside, he is strict and blunt, but he was a family man to the point of paying monthly rent and staying at home when he heard that his son was coming.

From Sirone's point of view, as a guardian who helped her attend magic school, I heard that she took care not only of her school life but also of her parents' housekeeping.

"hello. Have you been well?”

"okay. I heard that she is doing well.”

“This time, I was promoted to Class Four. Thanks for your help. thank you."

Recalling Rian's past, Bischoff smiled bitterly. Class Forani. How big would the substitute talent be to enter Class Four after half a year of entering magic school?

Of course, parents are not stupid enough to compare their children with each other. However, as a single swordsman, he was concerned that Lian, who had taken the oath to become a knight, would be filled with Sirone's last name.

“It is because of your hard work. In any case, it's worth the support. I heard that Rihanna is going on a trip with a beautiful lady this time without knowing the subject. Are you going too?”

"yes. We decided to go together.”

“Is the lady next to you your partner?”

Bischoff turned his eyes to the red-haired girl. He looked familiar, but I couldn't remember him well.

"hello. This is Karmis Amy.”

Bischoff's eyes twinkled. Not only Lian and Tess, but also the butler, Louis, looked back at Amy curiously.

The Karmis family, a first-class aristocrat, does not boast the highest authority in terms of kingdom alone.

However, the freewheeling tendency and the talent of the red eyes spread throughout the continent beyond the kingdom.

It could be said that the achievements that are not limited to the country reveal their identity the best.

Bischoff also did not think that aristocratic ranks represented family power. For there are many nobles in the world who rise to high ranks through all sorts of flattery and vile means.

Such people ignore legitimacy and even change family customs to get ahead in life. However, Elsaine and Karmis were different from those types.

Legitimacy is a law established only by conviction. Since the establishment of the kingdom, their pride in choosing only one path was not something that could be bought with money or power.

"now. Let's talk later, let's go for now. I have to leave now to be on time for the ship!”

Rihanna refreshed the atmosphere. Although Bischoff gave permission, his nervousness did not go away. & nbsp;

Perhaps by now, the express mail sent by Raina was flying like an arrow. 

It was obvious that the moment the report card was released, heaven would be far away and the road to hell would unfold.

“Dad, then I will go. It will take about ten days.”

"okay. You've worked hard in training, so have fun and come. Oh, and use this as an addition to your travel expenses.”

Bischoff threw a heavy bag of gold coins. Lian looked inside and was startled. It was the first time he had ever received so much money from his father.

In fact, Bischoff was in a good mood. Even when he took oath of knighthood, he thought he would ruin a son, but he learned the schema that didn't work like that, and made good friends. & nbsp;

In addition, Sirone, who will become Lian's owner, was growing steadily based on her outstanding talent.

If you think that training is also an investment for real combat, wouldn't it be reasonable to pay half a year's wages?

Rian felt guilty, but even that feeling was a luxury now. Only the thought that he had to get out of this house alive was filling his head.

"okay. Then I will go with my friends. Ah, Temuran. Wait for the carriage to go to the port.”

"All right. Have a nice trip.”

Temuran saw Lian off and made a pitiful expression. I was able to guess the situation just by running away in a cold sweat.

'The time I can last is 10 minutes. Good luck, young boy.'

Temuran paid attention to the envelope in his bosom. It was express mail from Reina, which had just arrived from the capital.

* * *

There was not a single wagon to play with, probably because the butlers had a lot of work today. There was a dedicated wagon, but it took an hour just to saddle it up and do the maintenance.

Lian said he didn't need any maintenance, but he had no choice but to accept the request to inspect the screw on the wheel. This is because if an accident happens, all the sins will be overwritten by the carriage manager.

The four of them waited near the stable for the carriage to come.

There was no conversation for a while. It was a situation that often occurred when they first met each other. However, many analyzes were going on in my mind.

Tess first looked at Sirone. He knew he was an aspiring wizard, but since Lian had sworn a knight's oath, he thought of a hot-blooded boy. However, when I met him, he was unexpectedly soft and calm.

Amy from the Karmis family was also interesting. Karmis, the star of the continent. What kind of character are the people in the family?

In the end, Tess spoke first. He thought that there should be no awkwardness, at least when inside the carriage.

“Should I say a full name first? Call me Elzaine Tess.”

“I am Karmis Amy. Nice to meet you."

“Ah, I am Aryan Sirone.”

Tess also shook hands with Sirone. However, the moment he heard the last name, he tilted his head. & nbsp;

Like the Elzain family, which specialized in diplomacy, she knew the surnames of quite a few aristocratic families. However, I had never heard of the Aryan family, as if passing by.

“Aha, you are Aryan. Um, over there... … Is your home in Creas?”

Tess turned around and asked, so as not to offend the other person. After reading her thoughts, Sirone confessed honestly.

“Oh, I have no family. I am a commoner.”

"uh? A commoner?”

Tess' eyes widened. At first, she wondered if she was talking nonsense because she was nervous. Otherwise, wouldn't Lian be able to take a knight's oath to a commoner?

Tess turned to Amy. She said that she knew that there was no change in her feelings.

'What the hell is going on? What the hell is Lian thinking? Why is Amy again? How can someone from the Karmis family follow as a commoner's partner? Isn't this a couple trip?'

Tess, who had never experienced Sirone, was inevitably confused. Also, as much as he was surprised by Sirone, Lian's decision came more intensely.

Even if Sirone is a child with great abilities, it was not as easy as it sounds to say that he did not discriminate on his status.

Moreover, it was not just a friend, but a knight's oath that he had to serve as his master for the rest of his life.

'In a sense... … It's like Lian.'

When Tess couldn't find anything to say for a long time, Sirone spoke first.

"Sorry. If you're uncomfortable... … .”

“Oh, no. excuse me i did To be honest, I was so surprised that I didn't panic. however… … am i weird? Everyone is calm, so it makes me look like a bad kid, ho ho ho!”

Tess hurriedly cut the mood. He was Lian's lord whether he was a commoner or aristocrat. If so, he thought that he shouldn't be foolish either.

'Tess, you're a righteous person.'

Sirone could sense what Tess was like. As expected, would you say that it is the woman that Lian chose?

It was impossible to make others laugh even while lowering oneself without sincere consideration.

"thank you for saying it like that. I've heard a lot about it. She's Ryan's lover."

“Oh, what are you talking about? Did you really look like a lover? do we get along that well? Ho-ho-ho!”

Tess is starting to like Sirone. On the other hand, Ryan's face turned red. It is an illusion that must be broken. But she only kept her mouth shut because she liked that Tess was nice to Sirone.

Amy looked back at Lian in surprise. When she heard of her plan to go to the island, she initially wondered what kind of nefarious person had come up with such a plan, but she was more honest and caring than expected.

‘The Ogent family, whose family was built only with swords. They say there is one genius with black hair, but this one has blue hair.'

Although the aristocratic rank is the second rank and not the royal family, it was because of the honest character that did not know compromise.

This kind of family is called 'pure' in the political world.

It is a word that refers to neutrality. In peacetime, the influence on the political world is not so great. 

However, it was a force that could never be taken lightly, as the political landscape changed depending on where the vote of innocence went in the event of a major upheaval in the country.

While Amy was thinking about that, Tess was looking at Sirone and Amy.

Both of them had a cute appearance and a bright energy in their eyes. Besides, I thought that he would insist on doing the same no matter what his actual personality was.

“By the way, what is the relationship between the two of you? Now that I see it, it fits really well. Between lovers?”

Tess asked, pointing at the two of them alternately, causing Amy to cry slightly. It was because she was taken in with the feeling that she was a little girl with her little ones.

---------------------------------------