[65] The Invisible (5)

Shiina threw the evaluation paper away and apologized to Alfeas.

“I'm sorry, Headmaster. He came to observe in person.”

"haha. It was a difficult task. Isn't that what supernatural psychic science is all about? Don't mind it.”

“I will make sure to pay close attention.”

Alpheas raised his hand as if he was okay and walked towards the doorway. But just before he left the door, he turned around and looked at the empty stage. The corners of his mouth, hidden by his beard, rose.

'If it was going to end like this, I wouldn't have even started. isn't it? Sirone?'

* * *

"done. Stage 1 has been completed safely!”

Regardless of the reaction of the audience, Sirone and the others rushed to the study group without hesitation. From now on, it was a real match.

“Are you sure it was eaten?”

"huh. I could tell just by looking in your eyes.”

As the students' expectations were high, they already expected that the presentation would end in a bland way. However, Sirone rather hoped that this would happen. The less you think about it, the stronger your psychological accessibility becomes. This was the gist of his planned psychological trap.

collective hypnosis.

The keyword was the sound of a bell announcing midnight. It didn't matter how childish it was once you understood the content. The keywords imprinted in their heads will lead them to fear.

“Sirone, it's up to you from now on. You just need to be successful.”

"okay. I will be meditating here.”

“You must succeed! I believe in you!”

I did the best I could for a month. Now the baton was handed over to Sirone, the last runner.

“Get away because you have to concentrate.”

After stopping Nade from rubbing his shoulders, Sirone sat down in a secluded chair. 6 hours left. He had to bring his mental condition to the top in it.

'one. two. three.'

With her head bowed deeply, Sirone proceeded with the ceremony slowly. Nade and Iruki quietly avoided the seat, careful even with breathing.

The success of this presentation depends on whether the mental strength to sustain photon output for more than 10 minutes is supported. But the rest of them weren't done either.

Iruki had to install the hologram's remote control device, and Nade had to fix the core that Sirone would pour photon output into. While everyone was busy working, the day was getting late and midnight was approaching.

In the pitch black darkness where no one was there, Sirone opened her eyes. The spirit of Sirone, who conducted the ceremony for five hours, was comparable to that of a well-honed sword. After a while, the door opened and Nade's quiet voice penetrated.

“Sirone, it’s time to go.”

Sirone stood up from her seat as if there was nothing harsh about it. And he followed Nade like a fighter heading out to the Colosseum.

* * *

The core of the hologram device was installed in the sewer that runs underneath Central Park. Ten or so fiber optic fibers extending from the gigantic device went up to the ground, and from there, through multi-adapters, hundreds of strands spread out.

An operation involving as many as 300 hologram devices. Sirone was tongue-in-cheek at Nade's production capacity, but to that extent  The burden also grew.

Although it succeeded in maintaining photon output for 10 minutes, it was the first time in practice. No one knew what unexpected variables would arise.

With 10 minutes left until midnight, Sirone walked to a mechanical device ten times larger than the prototype.

When Nade handed over the input/output terminals with a spleen expression, Sirone grabbed the crystal ball with both hands. Iruki took the time watch and measured the time. Neither too fast nor too slow. The hologram had to be activated at the exact time the bell rang.

“Are you ready? We have to start now.”

Sirone took a deep breath and nodded. Iruki looked at his watch with his right hand raised. When the hour of decision came, his hand fell vigorously. At the same time, Sirone's sequence began to rise at a tremendous speed. The power of the light emitted from both hands was incomparably stronger than before. His friends were amazed that he had raised this level of photon output in just one month.

'More, stronger!'

The light source became huge enough to swallow Sirone. Nade ran to the core device and checked the transmission efficiency. Iruki asked in frustration as he looked at him with a surprised look on his face.

"how is it? What percent?”

Nade, who had been silent for a long time, spoke in a trembling voice.

“Seventeen percent.”

“What?”

It was a much lower number than expected. Where did I go wrong? But there was no time to analyze. If you don't do it now, everything is over.

'The radius is too wide. This is impossible.'

Sirone had a hunch right from the start. This is because the moment I cast Photon Output, an empty sensation rushed into my mind, like pouring water into a pot with a missing bottom.

The information transmission efficiency of optical fiber is 18%. In that state, the transmission power was greatly weakened due to the parallel connection.

Sirone outputs photons in a matter of minutes. However, no matter how hard they tried, the output efficiency did not go up any further from 17 percent.

Iruki realized he didn't have to try anymore. In this state, if he tried to activate the device, most of the holograms would be shattered like fragments.

After five minutes, Nade smiled. Although it failed, I was proud of Sirone for reaching an impossible goal with great effort. It was all his own fault for poor design.

"Sirone, it's over now. we did good enough Let's stop here.”

Sirone didn't answer. To be honest, I was angry to the point of death. It was a project in which Nade, Iruki, and everyone in the research association worked together and did their best.

But this is where it ends. I haven't achieved anything yet, but I can't believe I have to admit defeat with tears in my eyes.

'How did I come this far?'

Sirone closed her eyes with a bitter heart. He hadn't poured it all out yet. Gradually, the light source in his hand swelled and began to cover Shirone's body.

"Stop, can't you?"

Nade realized what Sirone was thinking. 

Immortal function. 

It was once again stepping into the forbidden realm where everything could be lost.

“Sirone! stop! don't do it!"

Nade and Iruki shook Shirone's body. However, Sirone's spirit rushing toward Nirvana was not even damaged by moderate interference.

Sirone's light source had already swallowed her and expanded to the outside. Thinking that something terrible would happen if left alone, Ned cried out with tears in his eyes.

“Sirone! Please stop! I can't lose you! You can give up on the study group! Please stop!"

Nade's voice opened Sirone's eyes. Faint light leaked from Sirone's eyes, nose, and mouth as he stared terribly forward.

“Yes, Nade… … .”

“Yes, Sirone! Let's stop! Let's end it here!”

The corners of Sirone's mouth went up.

"now… … I am not afraid.”

The moment Sirone closed her eyes again, a huge light filled the tunnel. His mental powers began to spread to infinity.

I can't dry it now. 

Nade and Iruki backed away with a bewildered expression. He only prayed earnestly for Sirone to come back.

In the realm of infinity, Sirone felt a sense of nostalgia. 

The feeling that everything that makes up oneself is meaningless. But this time, I never forgot my existence.

'Do not turn away. I'm looking straight ahead.'

An unknown monster was flicking its tongue and was about to devour Sirone. Sirone remembered Armin's advice. he never turns away Armin showed himself that not everyone who possesses the key to infinity disappears.

'I'll get over it. certainly… … I will subdue it.'

The monster's jaws attacked, exposing its black throat. Until that moment, Sirone had been staring at the darkness in her throat without turning her head.

“Great!”

As the mind that was spreading out into the world collided with the barrier of the Spirit Zone, a severe headache hit. it was caught Sirone endured by biting her molars. All of the overflowing energy beyond the limit was shot out with photon output.

“Sirone! are you okay? Say something!"

“Check the output first!”

At Sirone's cry, Nade turned to Core. 22 percent output efficiency. The efficiency, which was not even 0.1 percent, increased by a whopping 4 percent.

"oh! go up, go up! Sirone!”

“Aaaaaaa!”

Sirone concentrated more. Infinite mental power coming through the spirit zone flowed down his arm and was injected into the crystal ball.

Nade screamed. 36% output efficiency!

'more! We need more power! more!'

The Spirit Zone shook. She couldn't stop her mental power from rushing in even with her strong endurance. It felt as if it had been compressed hundreds of times and exploded. My mind was on the verge of exploding.

“Aaaaaaaaaa!”

59 percent output efficiency.

“Sirone! little bit more! cheer up!"

Even the cool-headed Iruki screamed evil. The instrument's needle began to swing back and forth as if it had met a storm.

Sirone transformed the Spirit Zone into a defensive type. As the frames intertwined, an auditory hallucination was heard. As soon as the power to withstand the pressure and the ejection power from it escaped through the hand, I felt a sense of deprivation as if the world was turning away.

87 percent output efficiency.

“Mmmmm!”

My whole body was shaking and my brain was shaking like crazy. Sirone realized what a great wizard Armin was. Applying infinite power to reality was truly insane. If he made a mistake, he would lose his life from being crushed by a force more powerful than entering nirvana.

Sirone pushed all his spirit into the ejection port of the only open palm. Even though the exit was fully expanded, the photon's power did not decrease at all. 

100 percent output efficiency.

“Aaaaaaaaaa!”

The moment Sirone squeezed out the last of his strength, a red light came on in the lamp of the core. 

Nade shuddered in front of the absurd result. The hungry monster, which was only 17 percent even with the power to maintain its photon output for 10 minutes, was now screaming as if its stomach would explode.

“All right, all right! Iruki, start!”

Iruki, who had been watching with his mind free, hurriedly grabbed the remote control device. He pressed the button with his trembling hand, and the light followed a line to the ground. From there, it rode hundreds of optical fibers and spread throughout the school like a spider's web.

Dang. Dang. Dang.

The midnight bell rang.

* * *

“Whoa. It's already 12 o'clock. Time goes really fast.”

Maria, who was studying at the hostel, covered the book and stretched out.

A faint bell sounded outside the window. 

Unknowingly, she recalled the presentation and hurriedly shook her head to erase her thoughts.

But the more I tried to forget it, the more I became concerned.

Nade's words about demons appearing and eating people stuck in my head.

“Ah, what is it? It reminds me of nothing.”

Sirone already knew that without brainwashing, if you put a keyword on it, it will automatically imagine.

'If you match the frequency of your soul, you can see ghosts?'

Thoughts bit their tails. Maria turned to her bed, sweeping her stunned body. Her heart thumped and fell at the same time. Her pupils vibrated and intense electrical impulses ran up her spine and hit her brain.

"uh… … uh… … .”

Decaying corpses trudged around the room.

Maria couldn't control her shaggy chin. 

The soldier, with his bony ribs exposed, turned around and started approaching with his arms raised.

“Quaaaaaaagh!”

There was a scream that made the windows shake. But no one could hear her voice. The same screams echoed through the hallways and from room to room.

---------------------------------------