[600] Rootless Tree (2)

* * *

After waking up, Sirone couldn't get out of bed until after noon.

“Guffin… … .”

The words he left lingered in my head like a riddle.

“I have to go.”

After getting up, Sirone finished washing her face and went to the Supernatural Psychic Science Lab.

After taking a deep breath and casting the Time Buddha Statue, the time machine swirled and blew up the time barrier.

The noise of the upstairs was no longer audible.

'It's closed.'

As long as Miro came into the world, Hexa could not be used as a barrier material, so the upper layer had no meaning to exist.

'I left.'

Thinking that Guffin had completely left her, Syrone sat down on the sofa in a sense of dejection.

'I have no cause.'

It felt like being alone in space.

“Sirone, what happened?”

Amy and Iruki entered.

"what? Have you already finished your evaluation?”

“Evaluation time is a mess. Because of Scramble Royale.”

Unless Nade returned, the combined team had no choice but to withdraw.

“I came here because I wasn’t at the dorm. What the hell is going on? When I asked Anchal, he told me to listen.”

“Right, what about Anchal?”

“I left. He dropped out.”

"I see."

I was expecting

“Now tell me. You promised.”

"that is… … .”

Sirone reported everything that happened in the upper floors.

There was no secret so far, so understanding was quick, and Amy put on a sad expression in the solemn atmosphere.

'Poor Sirone.'

In order to find the root, he gave up his dream of becoming a wizard and decided to go to heaven.

“I have no roots. I don't know what it is, but I don't want to know. It feels so awful.”

“There is no effect without a cause. Even if it's a perfect coincidence, your meaning doesn't disappear.”

Amy helped Iruki.

“Yes, Sirone. There must be a reason. Even Guffin used the word 'once upon a time'. Don’t give up already.”

Shirone changed her tone, thinking that she had told a story that was too dark.

“By the way, what about Nade? You haven't come back yet?"

“You must feel responsible for leaving Scramble Royale. It will take some more time.”

“But you won. I think Nade should know too. I'd rather find it. I need to go to the West family.”

“I wouldn’t have gone home. You must be sleeping somewhere.”

It was incomprehensible that he was homeless when he had a house and money, but he was sure.

“Tell me, Iruki. Why is Nade like that? At least you have to know what happened so you won’t be persuaded.”

If Nade wasn't going to leave forever, it would be revealed anyway.

“Sirone, you have no roots… … .”

Iruki carefully brought up the story.

“Nade’s roots are sick.”

* * *

The wind in the mountains in early autumn was colder at night.

“Oh, it’s cold.”

Nade curled up by the campfire and went to sleep.

“I hope you get through tonight safely… … .”

Nineteen years ago, an unprecedented genius was born to the West family, but no one in the family knew about it.

“Ugh, annoying!”

Nade's mother, Teria, had already been sitting at the dressing table putting on her makeup for an hour.

'Because I use such cheap cosmetics... … .'

A normal conglomerate family would not have heard that they were extravagant and extravagant.

who would have known

To think that the West family, a real estate conglomerate for generations, would be carrying huge debts.

'I ruined my life by getting married once.'

Nade's father, West Ballroom, first met at a socialite party.

When I saw expensive watches, clothes by famous designers, and 7-pyeong-sized wagons made by artisans, I thought I had a rosy future ahead.

Drunk and pregnant with Nade and thus becoming a member of the West family, it was like boarding a sinking ship.

"He's like a pitiful human being."

The family is falling into disrepair, but the head of the house, Ballroom, is still tired of drinking and playing and has not even come home.

Even when he threatened to revive the family business somehow, Teria, whom he hugged after playing with fire all night, only pretended to be annoyed.

“Bocchan is crying again.”

At the nurse's words, she threw the comb she was brushing on the floor.

“Then be quiet! That's why you exist!”

“But once you start crying… … .”

"it's annoying!"

Teria pushed the nanny away and went to Nade's room.

"mom! mom!"

Seeing her son crying with his mouth wide open like an idiot, the thought of her pathetic husband made her hair stand on end.

"why… … !”

Teria screamed at her throat.

"why are you crying! What the hell is wrong with you! They do everything by splitting the housekeeping they don't have! What the hell are you complaining about!”

“A strange sound… … the sound... … .”

"you're stupid? Why are you stupid and making it hard for me!”

Contrary to Teria's misunderstanding, Nade realized a certain reason in the world and suffered from overflow.

Nade was only three years old.

“Mom. Mom.”

Terai's face contorted violently, and he struck Nade hard on the cheek.

Due to the physical shock, the child was able to hold back crying for a while, and this was Teria's only method until Nade's mind was completely destroyed.

“Huh!”

Nade jumped up and hurriedly looked around and let out a sigh of relief.

“Whoa, that’s good.”

The fact that the electric shock was not discharged meant that control had begun again, but the heart was still miserable.

'I have to go back soon.'

I had no face to see my friends because I had broken away from Scramble Royale.

“I need to wash up first.”

It was dawn by the time they descended the mountain and reached the city, and Nade went into the public bath to relieve the tiredness of camping.

There weren't too many people, but all of them glanced at Nade's body.

The burn marks all over her body were traces of torture by the notorious Chicken Head bandits.

It's normal that he should have died, but Nade saved his body by killing his mind.

“I still have scars… … .”

The marks of his own nails were still visible on his face reflected in the mirror.

The scab had peeled off, but it seemed like it would take a little longer to heal completely.

'Anyway, since I can control it, I'm going to sleep at an inn starting today.'

Nade had no intention of going back to school yet.

* * *

“No. Where the hell did you go?”

After wandering around the city of Creas all day, Sirone sat on the roof of someone else's house and sighed.

A lot of people pass by on the roadside, but those who are tired of life don't seem to have time to look up at the sky.

It would not be possible to search the entire city in one day, but it didn't seem impossible at all if the spirit zone was expanded in the state of armed with diamonds.

“Did you really go into the mountain?”

If that's the case, there's no way to find it anyway, so you'd better look around the city a bit more.

Sirone spread her wings and flew up, observing the ground with the eyes of a hawk through Armand's nerve reinforcement.

"what?"

And finally found Nade coming out of the bath three blocks away.

“Not even uncle… … .”

After licking her lips, Sirone immediately flew through the sky, crossed the block, and descended to the roof of the shopping mall.

When the tentacle hit the floor lightly, his body spun, and when he fell down, Armand had already been released.

The moment I landed on the floor with a nimble motion, people backed away in amazement.

“What, what? Is it a circus?”

Ned's face stiffened as he turned around at the murmur.

"haha! found!"

“Sirone?”

Nade frowned, lowered his head, and before Sirone could say a word, he turned and ran away.

"hey! Why are you running away?”

Sirone, who had been staring at her absurdly, jumped right away.

“Sirone! Don't follow me!”

“Then why are you running away?”

"I don't know! Leave me alone!”

The two did not stop even after being run over by the crowd and falling over items on the stalls.

'Anyway, he's persistent.'

Nade, aware of Sirone's stubbornness, cast teleportation and soared into the sky.

“Kyaaak!”

Passers-by were startled, and several merchants pointed to the sky and shouted.

"It's a wizard! That must be magic!”

It is a daily life for magic school students, but most of them were people who never had a chance to see magic in their lifetime.

“That… … !”

Sirone raised her head and gritted her teeth.

Nade's calculation was that he would not be able to cast magic in front of people, but Sirone, who had already heard from Iruki, did not give up this time either.

"at there! Just try to catch you!”

As the flash of light soared, economic activity on the street stopped, and everyone looked up at the sky as if time had stopped.

Nade shouted at Sirone, who was chasing after him.

“Aww! Are you crazy? What are you going to do if someone reports this to the school!”

“Then why are you running away! Let's talk for a second!”

'It's a big deal. That guy is serious.'

Nade, who knew Sirone's movement skills, swallowed his saliva as he imagined a future where he would eventually be captured.

"Do not be ridiculous! I'll show you my real skills!”

1 minute after that.

“Aaaagh!”

Caught by Sirone, Nade fell in the middle of the market and rolled on the floor.

"Come on!"

“Save people!”

Nade's body was covered in dust, having just taken a bath, but Nade crawled across the floor.

But in the end, as soon as he got up, he was grabbed by Sirone and pushed to the wall.

“It's over! Give up!”

As Sirone's face suddenly approached, Nade hurriedly turned his head.

I couldn't bear to show my face.

“Look at me! Don't turn your head!"

"no."

“This is real!”

When Sirone changed position and showed his face, Nade's neck swung back to the other side.

While the actions of the person trying to avoid eye contact and the person trying to run into each other were repeated, whispers could be heard from around.

“What are you doing in the morning? South Korea.”

“Wait a minute, do they both look like men?”

Nade, whose face was red, shook Sirone's arm from his shoulder and shouted.

“Eight! let go of this! You're getting weird misunderstandings for no reason!"

“Then why are you running away? Are you guilty of anything?”

Nade, who had been acting energetic for a while, suddenly put on a sad face and lowered his head.

“I’m sorry, Sirone. I screwed it all up. I was the one who brought you guys in.”

“Where is that word? You fought with all your might. I heard about it from Iruki. Besides, I won Scramble Royale.”

The news was a relief to Nade more than anything else, but it made him feel more guilty.

“Ha, I should have been.”

“Everyone is worried. Let's go back to school for now."

Meanwhile, the men and women who had just arrived in the city were dumbfounded by the action that took place in broad daylight.

“What the hell is the fuss about, from earlier?”

The blond man was tall and handsome, and next to him was a woman with arms crossed, exuding the sophistication of Baska, the capital.

“The wizard over there on the block said something. I hear you're still a child."

“Then are you a student? Alpheas Magic School.”

The woman smiled at the man's words.

“Maybe it is.”

“I am It seems that the management of students is messed up because it is a province. It's something that can't happen in the capital.”

The woman shed her eyes.

“Are you insulting my alma mater?”

"haha! Does that happen?”

“Anyway, let’s go, because I’m curious. do you know Will I be able to meet even juniors I know?”

“I’m busy, but I just go… … !”

As the woman took the man's arm and moved on, the man could not help but smack his lips and was dragged away.

“Whoa, what kind of kids… … .”

Arriving through the crowd, the woman opened her eyes wide when she noticed the two boys fighting each other.

"what?"

"why? Do you know kids?”

The man yawned and asked, but she didn't even respond and went up to them.

“Nade! Are you Nade?”

Nade turned his head at the voice calling him and stopped there with a distraught expression.

“Liz… … Seniors?"

“Hey! are you really nade? How much is this?”

"Senior, how is this... … ?”

Apple Leeds.

He was the former president of the Society for the Study of Paranormal Psychics and was Nade's first love who brought him out of Hell.

---------------------------------------