[135] What takes precedence (6)

At the time, I was too scared to intervene, but my heart was the same as Sirone's.

But when Sirone reached out to Amy, and when Amy answered the call, Jess woke up from her dream.

He could never become Sirone himself.

“Sheesh, she pretends to be very cool even though she is a commoner.”

If I had just learned a little magic, I wouldn't have felt jealous. When dealing with arrogant nobles, he sometimes thought that he was lucky to have been born as a commoner.

But Sirone was also a commoner. And he had the courage to give up something precious for his friend.

Jess remembered Amy's sad smile in the carriage. Did Sirone know the meaning of that smile? No, she would never know. It was her inner feelings that she would have revealed because it was in front of herself, not between anyone.

Thinking about it made me sick again.

"shit! Are you a commoner? You can't make any excuses! What kind of guys are there!”

Jis, who brushed off his frustration in front of the house, opened the door and entered. She saw that a candle was lit in the depths of the floor, and it seemed that her sister had been waiting all this time.

“Brother, why are you so late? You knew what had happened and were worried.”

“Yuna, why didn’t you sleep? How are you going to work tomorrow?”

“Then oppa didn’t even come in, so you want me to sleep? What happened?”

"no. It's nothing. I was just busy, so the time passed like this.”

Jess knelt down in front of Yuna. It wasn't because he was his younger sister, but he wasn't a person to fall for anywhere. Besides, she was wise and kind-hearted, even if she hadn't learned anything.

Yuna was the pride of Jess. That's why she shouldn't let her live a shabby life like hers. She didn't want to be successful, but she was a child who could meet a good man and live a happy life.

“Why is your face so emaciated? Be honest. Even if everyone else can fool you, you can't fool me. Or will you not cook me breakfast tomorrow?”

"ha ha ha! oops, be scared I just had a few things that hurt my pride. But I'm fine now.”

“Ugh, does his ego get hurt all the time? I can't even eat it because it's rotten. Anyway, wash it off first. The smell of sweat from oppa is no joke.”

Jess' eyes became warm. Seeing her put her mind at ease. What if you're not as great as others? If only Yuna was there, he would not be envious of anything in the world.

Jess hugged Yuna. The body odor of a family member who shared the same smell blew away the tiredness of a fearful day.

“Oh, the smell! What are you doing all of a sudden? Wash up first!”

“Wait a minute, Yuna. My brother will definitely become the ruler of the port.”

"tooth! is that still the sound? Who is the ruler of the port? If so, no one will find out.”

"haha! It doesn't.”

Yuna smiled and hugged Jess. The truth is she didn't hate the smell of sweat. She wouldn't have shed a single drop of sweat for herself.

“I really hope that such a day will come. My brother will definitely be able to do it.”

"okay… … .”

Jess looked at the moonlight pouring through the window. The weather was perfect for night viewing.

Ancient Ruins (1)

Sirone and the others have been busy since dawn. The men cleaned the house while the women washed, and when the men entered the bathhouse, the women sat in front of mirrors to dry their hair and groom themselves.

After finishing the bath, Sirone and Lian looked into the women's room and thought time had stopped. Because Amy and Tess were still doing something in front of the mirror.

Inevitably, the men ate breakfast first. It was dawn by the time I ate a simple meal with the food I bought in the city last night.

Only then did the women start choosing clothes, and the clothes changed every time they went in and out of the door.

Ryan thought Tess and Amy were testing him. 

It was okay to change into other clothes because I didn't like the clothes, and it was possible because I was a woman.

But what is the sign that you don't like it, change into something else, and wear it again after a while? Are you really going to give it a try? Isn't this an obvious challenge to test the viewer's memory?

“Oh, just wear something. Are you going to catch a dragon? Why do you care so much about a piece of cloth that has no defense?”

Tess looked at Lian with eyes filled with astonishment.

“Oh, really bad! We dress up more because you guys don't pay attention to how you dress. Keep your mouth shut because everyone is saying good things to you.”

Amy came out wearing a light blue dress.

“Sirone, isn’t this strange?”

“No, it is pretty! Amy looks good no matter what she wears.”

"okay? Hmm.”

Amy didn't really listen and went back to her room. Tess was just jealous of Amy.

“Please watch and learn from Sirone. Ugh, I hate it.”

Lian pursed her lips as Tess closed the door and went inside. What the hell is she doing to herself? Being honest about what was in your heart was a virtue and a source of pride for a prosecutor.

“Sirone, how do you come up with those words right away? Teach me too.”

"huh? It's simple. You can't say it's weird no matter what you wear.”

“Hahahahaha!”

Lian fell backwards, grabbing her belly button.

11 am.

After changing, the women checked their knapsacks. In preparation for an unexpected situation, I carefully packed emergency food, a knife, a compass and a rope.

Satisfied with her look in the mirror, Tess clenched her fists and shouted.

"it's okay! Ready to explore ruins!”

“So, are you going to sleep now? Let's leave tomorrow morning.”

Tess' face turned red at Lian's bony joke.

“How late am I? And Amy prepared it too.”

“Why is Amy suddenly appearing? What kind of hostage is Amy?”

“Then do you really think that an ignorant greatsword is suitable for flimsy street clothes? From a distance, it looks like a complete caveman! You need to know the fraction.”

Amy fulfilled her mission as a hostage.

“Rian, I’m sorry. Actually I'm late. Tess prepared faster than me.”

"haha! are you okay. Because Amy shows that she prepared for a long time.”

Tess' eyes became ferocious like an axe.

"what? Then I'm not pretty at all?”

“Hmm, where… … .”

Ryan glanced over at Tess.

Well, I thought it was pretty from the beginning. Even when she wasn't wearing any makeup, she was beautiful. 

But today, it seemed like they put a lot of effort into it. Unlike usual, I sprayed perfume on it, so I could see how hard Lian, who had no aesthetic sense, was working hard.

“Yeah, what. It's enough to say that it's pretty.”

"huh?"

Tess' mind, which had piled up words to reply to, was disarmed in an instant.

I never dreamed that the word pretty would come out of Rian's mouth. Her face blushed, and the fact that her face blushed made her blush even more.

“My, I know I made it because I wanted to hear something like that! you idiot! primitive man!"

"okay. Okay, so please, let's get out of here. When the sun goes down, you can’t even watch it.”

Ryan drove his friends outside. Thus, Sirone and the others were able to leave for the trip 5 hours after waking up.

Sirone's first plan was to investigate the ruins alone with Amy. However, as his friends became closer than expected, it became impossible to move separately.

They grabbed any of the wagons lined up on the sandy beach and headed east.

It was quite a tedious journey as they had to go from the western end of the island to the eastern end. However, the four people chatting in the carriage did not notice the passage of time.

"uh? Guys, look over there!”

Sirone shouted, pointing out the window. Two kilometers from the driveway, I could see a densely forested mountain.

The mountain range continued like a camel's hump, and according to what I heard, there was a Kergo ruins at the end of that mountain range.

"It's a Toa mountain. I heard from my older brother that Galliant was originally a volcanic island. The lava that leaked out from the bottom of the sea hardened and became an island. It has been in a period of rest since a volcanic eruption occurred 500 years ago, but there is a possibility that it will be active again.

"I see. They say that the Kergo ruins were buried in volcanic ash and only half of them are exposed.”

"that's right. The local government of Galliant proposed to restore the site, but it was rejected due to the opposition of the natives. If you go to the ruins, you can probably find out how much they were buried.”

“Why would you object? If you restore the ruins, wouldn't it be good for the natives?”

“I don’t know. But there must be some circumstances. Maybe you have a secret you don't want to reveal. The Galliant Autonomous Government has been on the island for less than 100 years.”

“If you think about it that way, there are quite a few secrets. It doesn’t seem like a really common tourist destination.”

“I guess so. Among the extant ruins, it is extremely rare that the natives directly manage them. The Kergo ruins are also historically valuable.”

Sirone looked at the mountain again based on Amy's explanation.

The jungle of Toa Mountain belonged only to Kergoin. The Galliant government also said that it does not come close to the Aboriginal Territory.

Sirone suddenly felt eerie. Is it a mere illusion that you can feel the gaze of the wild from the depths of the mountain?

The carriage stopped one kilometer from the Kergo ruins. The coachman told me that the carriage could not be operated from here.

Sirone got off the carriage and looked around. I saw many shops. It seemed that there was an exclusive agreement between the Horse Association and the local trade association.

"what! I paid my money and rode in a carriage, why can't I go? Then what to do with this heavy burden?”

A middle-aged man whose boat came out of the carriage that arrived after him got angry at the coachman. The wife and two daughters who got off the carriage were also full of displeasure.

“But carrier contracts do. There is a paid storage room for your luggage, so you can leave it there.”

“It’s like these day robbers! Does it make sense that you can't go when the road is open like that? Don't you think I'm going to get a dime out of here!"

“That is something we can't help. sorry. Have a good trip then.”

The coachman treated him in a businesslike manner, as if it had happened only once or twice, and drove away.

In the end, the middle-aged man took his luggage in both hands and headed to the paid storage room. Then, when her daughters pointed to the snack shop, they left their luggage and bought them snacks.

Sirone did not look like a middle-aged person.

“If we had known in advance, we would have lessened the load.”

“Wouldn’t it matter? It doesn't look like there will be a big danger in the tourist area, but it's good to be prepared. After all, the purpose is to explore.”

Lian looked back at the middle-aged man walking away. Her daughters' charms seemed to relieve her mood, and she burst into laughter as she headed toward the ruins.

“It looks modest, but I used my brain. If you’re a tourist, you can’t afford not to spend money.”

“That’s true, but you can’t necessarily see it as a gimmick. If the touristic commercial area is not activated, the natives will not be able to manage it.”

Nodding to Amy's words, Sirone and the others started moving on foot.

It was a historically important report, but there were still many tourists. As we approached the historic site, the number gradually increased, and when we arrived at the tollgate, it was filled with people due to a bottleneck.

“Wow, see that over there? There are also people from other countries.”

“Because it is world famous. See the man standing in the arch over there? I think maybe aborigines.”

Sirone looked back at the direction Amy had pointed to. A man of medium height was guarding the entrance. His clothes were civilized, but his staring eyes were obviously wild.

Tess put on an inappropriately frightened expression.

“Oh, that looks scary. Didn’t you tattoo her face too?”

---------------------------------------