[336] Midwinter Night (7)

Thinking of Zokre's words, the Ice Queen gently bent down and looked down at him.

“Do you want to become strong too?”

Zokre blinked absentmindedly, not understanding the Ice Queen's intentions.

In the legend, she was a sorceress so powerful that even the kingdom could not handle it. Wasn't that why she was exiled to a place like this?

But survival came first. It would have been a waste to get caught up in a futile newspaper and offend the queen.

“I want to be strong!”

Suddenly Vivian shouted.

Zokre looked back in amazement.

'You fool!'

Are you still sober?

Of course, it wasn't that she didn't understand her feelings.

How long have you been frustrated all your life?

If one day a god appeared and said he would grant a wish, it was the people of this bottom who gave up wealth and fame and lifelong lovers and asked for magic.

But this time the timing wasn't good.

What can you expect from a woman who has not only frozen everything around her but also trapped herself in ice?

Maybe it's because the situation right now is so unrealistic.

That's why her theory of life drama might have been advanced.

Vivian, whether aware of Zocre's burning feelings or not, was looking up at the Ice Queen with desperate eyes.

Even if this were a trap in life, she knew it wasn't an opportunity that came to everyone.

“Teach me, my queen. Magic on me!”

The suppressed drunkenness came up all at once as the sad emotions surged.

But his mind was clearer than at any other time in his life.

The Ice Queen raised her hand without speaking.

The information acquired when he was Optrus is currently stored in a space called memory.

Also, since she was born on her own, she accepted the rules of this world as pure information, so she could control them.

wave of rate.

The strong wind spread so much that the atmosphere drew concentric circles.

However, Zokre and his party couldn't feel the wind. He only realized that something made up of him had changed.

Zocre and the others looked into their hands and trembled in disbelief.

The world they feel is completely different from just a moment ago.

The Ice Queen said nonchalantly.

“Is that the law you want?”

Zocre, who was deeply moved, shook his head, unable to even answer.

You can neither feel nor realize. before that happens.

But you must feel it and realize it. if that situation comes up.

That was the change of the law.

'Nonsense. How is this possible?'

Zokre clasped his hands.

Vivian was right.

Today's incident was the biggest and most complete reversal that could happen in one's life.

wave of rhythm (1)

the next morning.

Sirone and Amy toured the prison in the old castle.

The flow of time had crumbled and eroded it, and now it was half exposed above the ground.

Although magic has a long history, its academic definition was relatively recent. 800 years ago, there was not enough research on batteries, so primitive magic was the main focus.

Especially at that time, the power of the Holy Church was so strong that it was the time when the foundation of the current Holy Magic was established.

As such, wizards were persecuted.

The ability that did not borrow the name of God was considered the power of the devil, and there were many wizards who were abandoned by their families.

The two were taken to a prison where wizards were captured and tortured.

In front of the machine that bound the limbs and stretched the spine, Sirone wiped away a chilling goosebumps.

“Ugh, how do you come up with a tool like this? It must have been really painful.”

“Wizards must have had a hard time too. Magic isn't something you can say you want. It’s a gifted talent now, but at the time it must have been a curse.”

Sirone and Amy left the dungeon.

When I climbed the stairs connected to the ground, everyone was staring at the sky. A huge dark cloud was rolling in from the sky on the other side.

Winters in the Leth Mountains were famous for clear skies as westerly winds rose through the mountains and created high pressure.

Occasionally, localized cyclones drop snow, but even those who visit the annual winter festival have never seen such thick dark clouds.

"what? It doesn't look like it will rain.”

The wind was not strong. Even so, the dark clouds were approaching at high speed like smoke and covering the sky.

The temperature began to drop rapidly.

As the cold wave hit, even thickly-clad people felt the cold, and anxiety was finally revealed on the faces of the tourists.

“What, what? Is the weather crazy?”

Sirone and Amy also tightened their collars and watched the situation.

It was an abnormal temperature that could not be regarded simply as a change in the weather.

“Amy, something is strange. In nature, the temperature cannot drop so quickly.”

"I know. It's like magic, right?"

A thunderclap erupted from the ice queen's castle. Then, a powerful wave that was born pushed the dark clouds away and galloped away.

The folds of the atmosphere along the grain were clearly visible.

"Dangerous!"

Sirone stood in front of Amy.

There wasn't even time to dodge. Waves rushing in at high speed were approaching, sweeping away from the outskirts of the crowd.

"Move!"

A woman in uniform stopped Sirone and Amy.

It was Mage Lyria.

She moved her fingers quickly and signed the hand sign.

The barriers of the law spread as the three basic signs of the rites, prohibition, antiban, and suppression, were connected in succession like water flowing.

The moment a powerful wave swept through them, a shock wave exploded in front of Lilia's eyes.

“Wow!”

Lyria's body flew backwards like a cannon ball.

The tourists all stared at her. Her wave swept through, but she was the only one who actually got her shock.

“What, what? what's the matter?"

Even after falling to the floor, Lilia continued to roll over.

Dante came across and lowered his stance. And he received her exactly as her breast.

"are you okay?"

Leaning on Dante, Lyria bit her lip. She has done numerous edicts so far, but this is the first time she has ever used such a powerful law.

Sirone and Amy found Dante and ran.

They had a hunch that the woman in Dante's company had protected them from something.

“Dante, what is it? What's going on?”

Dante put off an answer and stood Lyria up.

Law, unlike magic, has no physical impact. Whether Sirone and Amy were normal was something that Lillia had to answer.

“How are you? Did you succeed?”

“It was close. how about you?"

The wave of Yul spread quickly, and it was impossible for Lilia to defend both places. No matter how excellent a magician was, it was impossible to block the law if he could not control the will of gold, half, and chain.

Dante pulled out the totem from his neck.

"Thanks to."

A pendant shaped like a monster's face hung from a twisted birch bark collar.

Even though it looked ferocious, it was a guardian deity that chased away evil spirits.

There was a crack diagonally along the forehead of the guardian deity, which was caused by being exposed to the waves of the law.

When I put it on my palm, I couldn't stand it and it split in two with a crackling sound.

Dante held out his totem with a shy expression.

“Didn’t I say there was only one? Sorry."

Lily shook her head vigorously.

“You don’t have to be sorry. Because totem is like that. It means that it was a law so strong that Rakshasa was split. I'm just glad I stopped."

Sirone could not understand the conversation between the two. Anyway, the situation seemed serious, so I intervened.

“Dante, what happened?”

Lyria answered.

“I was lucky. you will be fine.”

Amy asked with a frustrated expression.

“So, what the hell is going on?”

Lyria looked at Sirone and Amy alternately.

It was already foreseen that the cerebral body that had gained a self would change the laws around it in order to survive. In such a situation, there were only two or three people that Lyria could save from the law in an instant.

There are currently hundreds of people gathered here alone.

And among them, there must have been people who had the necessary abilities for this ritual.

Is it really the right choice?

I couldn't foresee the consequences of giving up on them all and protecting a couple who weren't even 20 years old.

“Dante, who are these kids? I did not follow your words to save your friends.”

Dante looked back at the true nature of the Ice Queen and said.

“You said second place.”

“Second place? What comes second?”

Dante squinted one eye.

It was something I found out while spending the night, but Lilia really didn't notice.

I didn't want to give a long explanation. Even if you talked about it in verse, what would be left for you?

“He is number one. First place in the kingdom.”

Lyria looked back at Sirone with a surprised expression.

The reason why he formed an alliance with Dante even though he is not a professional yet is because he is an outstanding talent recognized in the kingdom.

Because mages do not have a competitive system like wizards, they were not particularly impressed when they were told that they were ranked second.

How many people are in the kingdom, what does it matter whether they are first or second?

If you're just second, you're a very good student.

But here it was.

It was a shock to her to have first and second place in one place in this vast kingdom.

'This kid really beat Dante?'

It was a good impression. Except for the fact that his eyes are alive, the aura of No. 1 in the country could not be found anywhere.

Dante's skills were personally experienced yesterday morning.

His ability to respond to actual battles, judgment, and outstanding skills were comparable to those of the pros.

To be honest, as a mage, Lilia couldn't imagine what her skills surpassed him.

Dante said, pointing to the Ice Queen's true nature.

“Come. Sirone and Amy are ready too. You probably don’t understand, but you better relax.”

A woman wearing the same dress as the Ice Queen was flying here across the sky.

“Um, isn’t that the ice queen?”

The ice queen arrived in the sky and slowly descended to the ground.

There was a flash of light in the distance, and a curved flash of space travel flew in and crashed beside her.

Amy's eyes widened.

“Zocre? why are you... … ?”

Zokre laughed and prostrated himself behind the Ice Queen. Then Ludvans and Vivian landed.

No one understood the situation.

At least Sirone and Amy were feeling a sense of crisis, but the tourists rather seemed to have relaxed and smiled.

"haha! Are you the real ice queen? What kind of event is this?”

“Wow, are they really similar? How did you find the same person among wizards?”

It was natural to consider it as part of the festival.

Otherwise, the ice queen couldn't actually walk around right in front of her eyes, right?

If Sirone hadn't seen the shockwave that erupted right in front of Lyria's eyes, she would have thought that the organizers had held the most concert.

Tourists clapped and cheered as the Ice Queen stepped out into the crowd.

Winter festivals are held every year, but this year's special event was even more novel than they thought.

Thinking of resurrecting the legendary Ice Queen?

Even the ice queen made of wax has many fans in love with its beauty. However, the appearance of the woman playing her role was so beautiful that it could not be compared to a wax figure.

It was a brilliant ability possessed by the power of life.

“Whee! Ice Queen! Please hold my hand just once!”

The pot-bellied man smiled broadly and held out his hand, and the person next to him stopped as if it were Arthur.

“Oh, rudely. Then she might freeze.”

People burst into laughter. No one realized that this was the real situation.

Even in the middle of the joke, the ice queen just moved on with a nonchalant face.

Lyria kept an eye on the Ice Queen's every move while holding hands.

'What? What law did you touch?'

The wave of the law changed the laws of everyone except Sirone and the others.

Nothing special had happened yet, but judging from the power of the wave, the range of change would have been enormous.

---------------------------------------