[421] In Heaven (3)

The desperate agony of the Great World War broke out.

Arius, fired from the electricity, flew 10 meters and rolled on the floor.

Apoptosis, the magic that dives into his thoughts, imprisoned him in the concept of eternity, where time does not exist.

It was a kind of mental death, and the shock of actually returning was nothing compared to the horror of a newborn fetus.

“Ouch! Aaaagh!”

Arius couldn't stop screaming.

Everything was confusing and unsettling.

Only the afterimage that remained in the memory was vaguely telling who he was.

From that borderline of oblivion, a thread of intellect flowed in and connected with memory.

The screams died down only after he recalled the scene where he cast magic while avoiding Walker's sword at the Kazra Palace.

'Damn it, I can't even do this.'

Arius, who stood up while wiping the sludge from under his chin, was suspicious of the unfamiliar sight.

"here is… … ?”

The person who pulled me out of apoptosis would be someone from the 7 Madou Girls, and if so, it should be their own hideout that no one knows, but the scenery they saw was completely different.

All over the light purple iron color, strange mechanical devices were operating with light.

“Are you a grave robber?”

Arius looked back with a displeased expression.

However, he soon had to raise his head, and the iris in his pupils narrowed in response to his surprise.

The light body above the head, huge wings of light many times larger than the body.

was an angel

'Why an angel... … ?'

The moment the question was about to rise to the top of his head, he quickly suppressed it with the battery of the flicker magic.

You have to run away.

The thought was next.

Flash! And when his body turned into light, Uriel's hand flew in faster than a moment.

“Keugh!”

Arius, who was caught by the neck, struggled at a height of 3 meters.

It wasn't that my throat was strangled, it felt like my neck bones were being grabbed.

“Sah, live… … !”

As Uriel struck down Arius, he fell to the ground, straightening his back like a bow and moaning in pain.

Then, struggling to get down on one knee, he looked up at the angels.

“Damn, what the hell are you all about?”

“I am Uriel, the angel of destruction.”

“Yu, Uriel?”

One of only 8 archangels in heaven.

Arius' gaze quickly scanned the surroundings.

After grasping the objects, devices, and even the Milky Way, he realized that it was a great world war.

'Then the one next to me is Kariel... … .'

If there were two archangels, it had to be considered that there was no possibility that even Arius of the 7 Magicians could leave this place alive on his own.

“There is something I want to show you.”

Kariel, who floated Arius in the air, flew in front of the galaxy mirror and threw him again.

“Keugh!”

Falling from the stomach, he caught his breath, then raised his head with difficulty realizing that there was someone in front of him.

A woman was sitting cross-legged.

"human?"

said Uriel.

“It’s Adrias Miro.”

Arius' eyes widened in shock.

“Mi, maze? Who is this woman?”

Miro is an unforgettable name for scale wizards.

However, it was the first time seeing the face of even the grave robber Arius.

It looks like this.

She was a common girl, a girl you could see anywhere in the world. It's enough to make you look away for a moment if you run into them while passing by.

However, the modifiers attached to her were all superlatives, such as the best, last, final, and strongest.

That's why Arius had no choice but to look at the face of the girl with weak eyes closed as if possessed.

It's beautiful, just by existing.

Arius, who hastily regained consciousness, analyzed the situation based on the existing information.

Archangel, Great World War, Labyrinth.

'Damn it. Did I come this far after all?'

The fact that Miro is in heaven can also be interpreted as meaning that the final war is imminent.

'What the hell is going on? Did you know in the original world?'

I wanted to talk to Miro, but she showed no signs of waking up.

Arius looked back at Kariel and asked.

“Are you asleep?”

"no. Miro enters the dimension of cowardice. You can put her back the way she was.”

'It's cowardly... … .'

Arius' face contorted.

'shit! It's a trifle.'

Now I'm just starting to get some strands.

Miro cannot be killed as long as he is in the state of samadhi. Also, that was the reason why he called himself, a grave robber, to this place.

“Destroy the fear of the labyrinth.”

Arius snorted.

When he was captured by Uriel, he instinctively asked for help, but death was not a priority for him who regained his intelligence.

If the labyrinth is pulled out of the cowardice, the space-time of the labyrinth will be destroyed, and what remains is the destruction of mankind.

'It doesn't really matter, but I don't like it when they go their way.'

Still, I had no intention of giving up.

It is none other than to explore the spirit of one of the greatest wizards in human history.

I wanted to know, what the hell was going on in this woman's head.

What you like, what you don't like, what you're ashamed of, and what secrets you need to take to the grave.

“Destroy Samadhigyeong?”

Arius frowned and said.

“Are you kidding me?”

“If you don’t, you die.”

"You don't think that's a threat, do you? This woman is mankind's strongest scale wizard. She will only be crushed by the Egoist no matter who dives, not me.”

“Then I have no choice but to die.”

When Kariel held out her hand, Arius raised both hands as if to calm down.

"wait. It doesn't mean I won't do it. It just means you have to find a way around it.”

"bypass? You mean the mind?”

“Anyway, if you dive right now, you will be swept away by the samadhi. But what about Drimo? I will collect the spirit of the labyrinth from Drimo, where any thoughts flow. It’s about finding keywords that are strong enough to break the samadhi.”

"keyword?"

“Every human being has trauma. A trauma that takes your breath away the moment you think about it. We make a powerful net out of them and cast them into the abyss. Then pull? The big fish called maze will be caught.”

Kariel stared at Arius, who was talking excitedly.

Are you insane? To be so zealous in destroying humanity.

'I can't understand at all, the seeds called humans.'

Arius made a condition.

“However, Drimo is a multi-dimensional structure, so it is not a place where you can investigate freely. So give me some information. Don't you guys know?"

“Hmm.”

Suddenly, Kariel's planetary body expanded into a halo.

While Arius' face turned pale, a black orb squeezed through space and was born.

“Come out, Brahma.”

“Kiyiyi!”

The hooked nose protruded first, followed by the red-skinned face.

The eyes were slit and the teeth irregularly aligned.

There were three luminous triangles floating on the front of the forehead, and the brain was connected beyond the top of the head. Unlike humans with brain water inside the skull, it flowed down like hair and reached the short feet.

Kariel's family, the triangular Mara Brahma.

In some parts of the human world, he was a being called the god of creation.

“Meet the humble Brahma, Archangel Kariel.”

“Follow that human to Drimo. Cooperate with whatever he may be investigating.”

Arius had an absurd expression.

'Damn it, Brahma?'

As a wizard, it was shocking that the god of intelligence in mythology looked like that.

But he quickly regained his cool.

This is your chance.

If he borrowed the knowledge of the triangular Mara, he would be able to access the depths of Drimo that humanity has not reached.

'Hehehe, the magic god is smiling at me.'

Arius approached the maze.

I will dig up everything about her.

And when I come back, I will be the god of the world.

“Let’s go. Heaven seems to be quite busy too.”

Brahma stretched out a strand of brain water and pushed it through the labyrinth's mouth into the brain.

As the area of ​​the brain responsible for Drimo was activated, a small space-time tunnel appeared in front of his eyes.

Arius flung himself without delay, followed by Brahma.

“Whoa.”

Kariel sat down only after the space-time tunnel closed.

It was no exaggeration to say that summoning the triangular Mara was squeezing out all remaining power.

“Are you okay?”

“Power comes back after time. If only the labyrinth wakes up, humans are doomed. There will be a right of origin at the Archangel Council as well.”

“You may not succeed. According to the kinship law, even Brahma is not in a normal state.”

The sum of the abilities of the three Maras commanded by the angels can never exceed the abilities of the angels.

This is according to the reason that an acquired concept cannot appear without an antecedent concept.

This is the family law.

As long as Kariel's presence was weakened, even Brahma, the triangular mara, could not exert his full power.

"doesn't care. After all, Brahma was born as an imitation of my intellect. It can make a judgment in one second that 10,000 prudent humans made through compromise. It will take some time, but he'll be able to pull it off.”

It will take time. But what can you do?

If that's the last time left for mankind anyway.

* * *

The strategy conference room was seized with silence.

Niflheim.

It is a place where even the border people of the mainland are forbidden to approach, and the only beings inhabiting it are evil specters who were once feared by humans.

Crud gave realistic advice this time as well.

“Let me be clear, it is a very dangerous place. Considering the value of the Black Elixir, many people deserve to take on the challenge, but even that has been abandoned thousands of years ago. One reason. Because if you go, you will surely die. So choose well.”

Sein asked.

“Do you see we have a choice? in this situation?”

“Even if we don't go to Niflheim, we can still maintain our alliance. Opportunities don't just exist. But it means that these three conditions must be met if the 1st Command goes to all-out war.”

Taking the safe route takes a long time. Conversely, it was too risky to take the fast route.

“Gaold, what are you going to do?”

Sein handed over the judgment to the commander.

But in reality, it was just a polite question. With no way to know Miro's life or death, he had only one choice.

"I'm going to Niflheim."

“Hmm.”

Crude's sigh continued for a long time.

“I think highly of you. That's why you want to dry it. It is also a good idea to use the light of Area 73 to increase the size of the rebels. why are you in a hurry? Any special reason?”

Impatience breeds mistakes.

Gaold also knew that fact, so he desperately maintained his composure.

But looking at it objectively, time was not leisurely.

It would be impossible to kill a maze in heaven in the midst of samadhi, but neither were those who would do such a thing without any countermeasures.

“I don’t know. I'll meet the three conditions as quickly as possible. So, are there any complaints?”

"of course. However, if possible.”

Crude was skeptical until the end.

“From now on, we divide the team. I, Gangnan, and Zulu enter Niflheim.”

Sein asked.

“Then what about the rest?”

“Armin, Shiina, Etela, and Kuan are in charge of the munitions community. Sirone and Fleur convince 2nd Command. For now, this is the only way.”

Even in Sein's opinion, the number of people was divided as much as possible considering the difficulty of the mission.

“Then I will stay here and strategize. In addition, I have to figure out about planetary movements.”

In order for God's Punishment to properly stick to Arabot, precise forecasts of the landing point are required. To do so, what had to be preceded was an understanding of planetary motion.

“Are you sure you want to go, to Niflheim?”

Crude couldn't understand Sirone and the others.

Even if 10 people rush in, no, even if you ask for support from the rebels, you will split the team.

“Are you guys insane?”

Gaold said as he left.

"no."

(end of volume 17)

---------------------------------------