[166] Dangerous Transactions (3)

“Rian, don’t be stubborn, let’s get the recovery magic tomorrow.”

“It’s okay! No fatal injuries. Of course, the part Tess stabbed was strangely a little painful, but that's for sure. ha ha ha!"

“Rian, the moment you fall is the moment I die.”

Lian's laughter stopped. The living room was enveloped in silence. Everyone was looking at Sirone and Lian alternately with nervous expressions.

“Sirone, I… … .”

"know. you will protect me until i die However, the choice of the moment can measure the success or failure of work. I want you to hit the knife for me as much as possible. If you're stubborn like this, I have no choice but to reconsider entrusting you with my back.”

At first glance, it may sound selfish and cold-hearted. No, asking her friend to stab her with a knife was obviously cruel.

However, Sirone knew Rian better than anyone else.

Rihanna is fire. The way to raise that fire was not to give shallow praise, but to imprint the miserable reality as it is.

Ryan raised his eyebrows. It was as if a hot fire was welling up inside her, and all the sundry emotions were burning away.

“Don’t worry, Sirone! I will do anything to get this body back to perfect condition! As long as I guard you, no one will reach you.”

Rian was ready to receive the recovery magic right now. Tess, who was freed from hell thanks to this, secretly looked up at the ceiling and sighed.

'Whoa. Thank you, Sirone. Thank you so much.'

Tess had no doubt that Lian would one day become the best swordsman. However, he also knew that even if he became a flaming sword, only Sirone would be able to hold and wield that sword.

* * *

Early in the morning, Sirone and the others left the villa.

There was a wizard guild in the area where the residents live. Because the Freeman organization took control of the island, the influence was not great, but thanks to the recovery wizard, there was no difficulty in maintaining it.

Due to the nature of the resort, it was easy to get injured while playing with your mind free.

Commoners sought folk remedies or clinics, but nobles were treated by healing magicians even if they only injured one finger.

Depending on the type and severity of the wound, it was priced from 1 to 10 gold, but the treatment was carried out at a reasonable price, perhaps thanks to Freeman's breath.

Restorative magic promotes cellular activity and heals wounds naturally. This is different from a clinic that identifies the cause of a disease and seeks a suitable treatment method.

Among schema users, there is a job called surgery that performs emergency surgery, but wizards tend to reject artificial methods and follow the order of nature.

The theory gets complicated when you go into high-level magic, but simply activating the cells has an excellent effect. Because the human body knows how to repair itself.

It seemed that the recovery mage's skills weren't that great. Jis and Lian's wounds were also not light, and it took two hours for all of the treatment to be completed.

Seeing Lian's wounds healed, Sirone realized the power of magic once again.

Of course, 2 hours was too much to use on the battlefield where battles took place in real time. However, in the long run, the difference in combat power between groups with and without a recovery mage would be enormous.

Returning to the villa, Sirone and the others repacked their belongings and went out the door.

The recovery magic only regenerates the wound, so it couldn't raise the condition itself, but since Lian was so strong, he seemed to be overflowing with vitality.

Jess also seemed to have confidence in his ability, so he happily carried his backpack on his back without showing any sign of fatigue.

Lian looked at Jess' bag and was puzzled. Jis, who plays the role of a guide, didn't really need any equipment because he was going to split up when he entered the autonomous zone.

"huh? What is that burden?”

“Oh, this is a lunch box. I heard Yuna made it while I was being treated. Even after seeing this, the food skills are amazing. I work at a restaurant.”

“Oh, you mean you were a pro? Great. Let's eat now.”

As Lian approached, drooling, Tess pinched Lian's side and scolded him.

“What kind of rice are you eating? Let's go to the ruins first. It's difficult when it's dark."

Everyone knew that it was better to start early because it was a place they had already been to. Maybe that's why this time, the women didn't complain and finished their preparations earlier than usual.

When we arrived one kilometer away from the ruins, the coachman stopped talking without a doubt. Sirone and the others were used to it now, so they got off the wagon and walked to the ruins.

There was nothing different from when I came before. 

The bar where I met the crowd, the natives who were wary of the surroundings without expression, and the mercenaries were the same.

Heading out of the ruins, they decided to have lunch in the park. The lunch box that Yuna packed was a rice ball made by soaking rice after chopping up the remaining ingredients. It was unfamiliar food, but it was said to be quite popular on the island.

When Sirone tried it, the taste was indeed different. All the ingredients came together to create a salty and savory taste.

I wondered if the amount was small, but when it went into my stomach, I liked that it tasted heavier than bread.

Jess looked at the manual written on the note Freeman had given him. It was brief information, but having worked for the organization for several years, he quickly understood how the deal was done.

He was taken to the opposite side of the entrance to the Chamber of Fulfillment and Sacrifice. It was also guarded by natives in civilized clothing.

"hello."

“Who are you?”

“I’m from the Freeman organization. When can we leave?”

The native looked Jis up and down. But when he took out his pass, he immediately told me what he knew.

After exchanging a few words in the native language, Jis turned to Sirone and said.

“I heard you have to wait for the car to arrive? About an hour?”

"huh? A car?”

“Perhaps we will have to go by tram. it was written like that Anyway, when the car arrives, they tell me to come back.”

asked Tess, turning to everyone.

"What do we do? Shall we wait here for an hour? Or look around a bit more.”

Sirone was lost in thought. Is it really okay to enter the autonomous zone like this? If that is the case, why does the room of achievement and sacrifice exist?

As Tess said, it could be a tradition, but in fact, I thought the probability of that was low. Above all, it was because Miro's breath reached there.

“I want to challenge the gateway to the test once again.”

When Sirone suddenly spoke up, his friends turned to him unexpectedly. It was because he wondered if there was a need to go through such trouble, leaving a way to get to the autonomous district comfortably.

However, Amy had the same thoughts as Sirone. There was definitely something in the basement of the ruins that people shouldn't know about. So, she thought, there must be a special reason for the two routes, even if both routes lead to the same place.

The only problem was that I couldn't pass the test. If I was greedy for the impossible, I would end up wasting my time.

“Can I really pass? Would you like to try it with a laser?”

"huh. I would like to try it if possible.”

“What if that doesn’t work? The trolley might be waiting for us. It will take quite a while to enter the room of achievement and sacrifice, right?”

“Actually, I don’t think it matters much even if I fail.”

When Sirone said it insignificantly, Amy asked back with a puzzled expression.

“You don’t care if you fail?”

“I have one thing to point out. Of course, nothing is certain yet. So how about something like this? I'll enter the room of sacrifice and achievement. And the remaining people will wait here and come by train. Then you can set the time and experience both routes.”

Amy thought Sirone's words were reasonable. The person who received the highest score in the Achievement and Sacrifice Room was Sirone, so there was no need for another person to enter. Above all, taking the test alone would not waste much time.

"good. Then, let’s go to the root of the test.”

With Amy's consent, the party headed for the altar to the east. A different person was guarding the natives when they entered with the mercenaries before. 

“Sirone, do you remember the password?”

"huh. you stand back Before, I was next to you for no reason, but you were misunderstood as a group. This time, I will go in and out alone.”

"okay. Nothing special, but... … Be careful anyway.”

Sirone walked to the altar. But before he could take three steps, he stopped.

There was a knock on the door from inside the altar, as if someone had entered first.

The native, who had been watching Sirone approach the altar, turned around when there was a knock on the door from the inside. Then, the engine device was activated to open the stone wall.

'Looks like someone else has tried it. Are there more challengers than I thought?'

Sirone was curious about who was coming out of the test, so she watched the altar with excitement. However, the moment he checked his face, he was startled to the point of being frightened.

“Uh, huh?”

Amy, who was standing behind Sirone, also shook her shoulders and shouted in surprise.

"what! How are they here?”

“Why, Amy? kids you know? Are you friends by any chance?”

"joy! what a friend Enemies!”

Judging by Amy's reaction, it didn't seem like a particularly good relationship. Rian and Tess, who became more curious, carefully watched the man and woman who came out of the altar.

From a distance, they had similar characteristics to the point that they might be siblings. Black hair, black pupils, and a dark feeling contrasting with the pale face gave off a unique atmosphere.

Sirone stared blankly at them. They were Canis and Arin, Arcane's disciples.

'Why are they here?'

Of course, they were free to go anywhere. However, the fact that it was not a common tourist destination and came from a place with a maze of time and space created an ominous feeling.

Canis and Arin were also surprised to find Sirone and the others. However, as expected, he soon regained his composure.

“You were there too.”

Canis approached with a sneering face. Arin, on the other hand, was shyly lowering her head. Confined to Radum all her life, she was not used to social life.

Even though they had a fight, the only thing that filled their heads was the thought that they would have to say hello somehow since they were classmates from next semester.

“Oh, hello, Sirone?”

Arin mustered up all his courage and raised his hand to Sirone. Then Kanis glanced at Arin through her ferociously torn eyes. Arin, realizing her mistake, quickly lowered her hand, but unexpectedly, Sirone greeted her warmly.

“Okay, hi. how have you been doing?"

"uh? huh. just what... … .”

Arin looked at Canis and replied in a crawling voice. However, I wondered if there was a need to be so hostile when the other person welcomed me sincerely.

The moment she slowly raised her head with that thought, Arin, who saw Sirone's first menstruation, opened her mouth in a daze in surprise.

'It was great then, but it's clearer now. What a strange person.'

Meanwhile, Sirone also thought a lot about the appearance of Canis and Arin. In any case, coming back from the altar meant that the angel's eyes had finally judged them unqualified.

'It's not easy either. Space-time of the labyrinth.'

As disciples of the Archmage, Canis and Arin were strong. Above all, he thought he was superior to anyone in the magic school in terms of actual combat experience.

Of course, Sirone had subdued him before, but it was clear that he was an opponent who struggled even though he was benefiting from attributes.

However, even they returned from the room of sacrifice and achievement unable to advance any further. I could guess how high the cut line of the maze was drawn.

---------------------------------------