New People (3)

den.

In a space alone that he did not even inform his entourage, Fermi opened a box mined by a mercenary parrot.

It contained memo pads whose soil had not been removed and pieces of metal of unknown use.

It was the future from the past.

'Memory chips will take time to recover.'

In addition to being buried for a long time, the hardware itself was severely damaged.

Fermi put the chip down.

'Careful, careful.'

Complete recovery is difficult, but if you know even one word, the value is beyond imagination.

Picking up the note with tweezers, Fermi gently shone on the light on the desk.

someone's diary.

“Let’s see.”

Or, it may be the last record scrawled with despair before death.

“New people?”

With the word in his head, Fermi unfolded the double-folded paper with tweezers.

It was an official document, half torn as if it had been destroyed, and had Eastern characters written on it.

“Anyway, politicians… …

A strong sense of duty not to hand over information to other countries even if the world perishes.

He deciphered the letters with flexible thinking.

'The second beast. Number 666 of the beast. 3-step filter to reach the end. Argones runaway possibility.'

Putting down the document, Fermi rested his chin.

'As expected, the end is inevitable. The human mind that has reached the singularity cannot ignore the outside world.'

The singularity is separated by a three-stage filter.

'Step 1 is awareness of the outside world. The second stage is contact with evidence from the outside world. And step 3... … The photon field escapes.'

According to Fermi's analysis, the current human race was just passing through the second stage filter.

'That's the beginning of the new people.'

More detailed information would need to be mined, but it was clear that it had something to do with the outside world.

'Once you reach stage 3, the world ends somehow. But somehow... …

In his opinion, the end was as difficult as the integration of humanity into Ultima.

'It's very difficult to go to extremes in any case. furthermore… …

Hadn't the guffin already left the photon field?

"hmm."

Fermi tapped the tweezers.

“You can’t necessarily think that you have entered the outside world just because you have left the photon field.”

Even so, I wanted to fill the gap in reason.

"or… … Or the concept of the outside world is completely different from what Guffin and us think.”

I couldn't be wary of what I didn't know.

'A perfect end? Force beyond causality? Is this world a system that allows that?'

In fact, even when Nane tried to close the world, didn't an existence called Sirone defend it?

'That's the rule. It is a world in which extremes must have corresponding extremes.' Thus, the end is something that transcends the world.

'I can't imagine. Apart from the function of the brain, it must be the kind that cannot be processed by our brain.'

What kind of shape is it?

“End of numbers.”

Any unimaginable shape would eventually come down to numbers.

With a click, the tweezers were fixed on the desk, and Fermi's gaze was fixed on one of the notepads.

'The second beast.'

A being born first to receive the first beast and destroying the world.

'Where is it?'

Sirone will be there.

Holding the official document with tweezers, Fermi carefully examined the seal on the torn area.

“North War.”

After safely passing through the gate of Bukjeon, we entered the brewery called Bor Bor and Tanju.

A young white student with swords on both sides lowered his head.

“You are here.”

It was Tanjura's satellite Great Lakes.

“What about Mika?” As the tent in the boudoir was removed, a stooped old man came out carrying a pot.

He said after checking the stars.

“Many of the residents have been replaced with new people. The owner of this brewery is also a rookie.”

Borvor's satellite, Mika, is an electromagnetic creature that can parasitize the bodies of others.

Since there was no emotion from the beginning, Borbordo was indifferent when dealing with Mika.

“What is the mechanism?”

“It uses a method of mutating surrounding organisms through mental radiation. It is similar to the technique used by Oh Dae-sung. A cloudy mind turns creatures around you into monsters.”

“It is quite dangerous. I felt complacent thinking that I only had to close down the area where the Pandemonium was open.”

“Mutations are unpredictable. Besides, this guy can control your mind. This means he can mutate as he pleases.”

Tanjura's face contorted.

“The ability to cause biological mutations. Seriously. If we can't get rid of it in the Northern War, the continent will collapse.”

Borbordo had the same idea.

“Where are you now, the head of the new race?” Daeho said.

“Mika-san has searched for the city's base, but no one knows the location. There is a high probability that he will be by the side of the governor of Northern Jeon, Hwang Gak. Or the Hwanggak itself.”

“Sure. Then, meet Tae-soo and check it out.”

Mika asked.

“What about the body?”

“Kill.”

As soon as the instructions were given, Mika raised the water and stabbed herself in the heart.

After a while, the electricity that escaped from the corpse permeated Borbor through an electric charge.

- I took control of the brain waves. would i think?

“No, process the signals coming from outside. Report any unusual mutations you notice.”

-All right.

After leaving the brewery, the two stars and the two satellites headed straight for the inner gate.

Mika, who had been silent until now, sent a powerful signal to Borbor's brain.

- Not human.

Although the appearance was the same as that of a human, the soldier's eyes did not contain any emotion.

"What's going on?" Looking at the pointed spear, Tanjura said.

“I came to see Taesu Hwanggak. If you kindly let me in, we are willing to talk.”

At the same time as the words ended, a powerful energy began to feel in the soldiers' bodies.

- Back off. Analysis is not possible.

It was a qualitatively different sense of intimidation from the creatures that Mika had been parasitic on.

Borbor's gaze turned upward.

'If the intensity of mutation increases at close range... … The head of the new human race is in the castle.'

I don't know how powerful the mental radiation is, but the star of the ivory tower is probably no exception.

“Chuck! Things that aren't even human are powerful. Now what?”

Borbor made a decision.

“Forced Breakthrough.”

At the same time, the soldiers' skin was ripped open, revealing what looked like a mixture of humans and locusts.

“Keeeh!”

Tanjura swallowed her saliva with excited eyes at the sound of screams from her gaping jaw.

“Interesting.”

"stomach!"

The moment Daeho shouted, a swarm of locusts filled the sky from the top of the wall.

A munching sound was heard.

≪Uh uh ha 丁?

It was a 17-year-old girl who ate off the arm in front of the corpse of Taesu Hwang-gak.

He had a naive impression, as if he did not know the darkness, but his eyes were not human.

"it's good."

The bone was exposed when the muscle of the arm was torn open.

“Piri.”

It is not the name given to you by your parents.

After evolving into a new human, she gave herself a name that means escape from reason.

“Bad valve, are there any more like this? Strong human meat. I want to keep eating.”

At the end of Piri's gaze, there was a huge locust man standing over two meters tall.

The wings hidden inside the carapace fluttered, and the scorpion's tail rose higher than the top of its head.

“This is not the time to enjoy eating. Quite powerful men have come outside the city gates.”

Piri's face was full of joy.

"really? Can I have more delicious meat? What are you doing, don’t hurry up and catch me?”

“… … Aren't you staying too long? We must slowly destroy this city and leave.”

"haha! are you okay. we are strong You know that? No one in this world can beat us.”

It was true.

They hadn't fought against all of humanity, but they knew exactly what they were.

Such ability, such intelligence.

'Have we become gods, we... … ?'

Piri held out her hand.

"more. meat."

The grasshopper's eyes stared at it, then it spread its wings and turned to the window.

“I will be coloneled soon.”

The grasshoppers who filled the front of the castle gate surrounded Tanjura and trembled.

“Kyik! Kiik!”

The reason he can't move is because he was sentenced to prison by Tanjura.

“The crime of causing trouble in the world, 600 years in prison! 987 years in prison for causing serious damage to the psyche of an innocent villager!” As soon as the verdict was handed down, legal bindings bound the locust men.

“Therefore, taking all the charges together… … Tanjura tore the corner of her mouth.

"execution."

At the same time, Dae-ho flew in like the wind and swung the twin swords in both hands left and right.

'Jakdu.'

The faces of the grasshoppers were cut into chunks as if they were cutting through the landscape with scissors.

“Chuck! I've been punished today as well." The cutting power of the cutting head using the law of the lever is theoretically unlimited. Tanjura happily touched his beard.

'It's the same principle as being able to move a planet with an infinitely long pole and fixture.'

Also, because of this, it was possible to inflict physical damage even in the state of 'imprisonment'.

Borbor has arrived.

“Don't be alarmed. The northern gateway to the Blue Dragon Mountains will not be destroyed to this extent.”

Dae-ho drew his sword.

“They will be variants of the North War. Is it qualitatively different from the variant in the Blue Dragon Mountains?”

Before I could answer, the gates opened.

When I saw a non-human being walking gracefully like a human.

-You have to run away.

Mika sent a warning, but Borbor couldn't take a step from the spot.

'The moment it moves, it dies.'

A bizarre feeling surrounded the locust man to such an extent that he could be sure.

'strong? so you can't win No, it's not that kind of temperament.'

I don't know.

The reason why I feel that it can never exist even though I haven't looked all over the universe...

'what is the problem? Aura of shape? The bizarreness of evolution? No, it's all imaginable.'

The only thing I can't imagine.

'number.'

A remarkable parameter that arises when the information that makes up it is expressed mathematically

'It has a number different from ours.' something that doesn't exist anywhere in the universe.

Her thoughts passed to Mika, and her judgment fell as quickly as electricity.

“Run away!”

Tanjura and Daeho left their seats, and Borbor rushed forward.

'It doesn't matter if I die... …

I had to avoid a situation where everyone in this place was wiped out and I couldn't report to the Ivory Tower.

-I will do it.

When control of his brain was passed to Mika, Borbor's body flexed like rubber.

The time when the limbs fly like a whip and try to entwine the body of a locust human.

- Unrecognizable.

The appearance of the enemy evaporated, and a powerful shock was delivered to Borbor's back.

“Ouch!”

delivered by Mika.

-89% of brain functions were paralyzed. You will go into a coma for a while.

'no. Make the most of your time.'

- I refuse.

The locust man with the unconscious Borbor wrapped around his waist looked towards the castle gate.

“Should I chase you?”

He was conflicted for a moment, but his throat was drained and he remembered the image of Piri waiting for him.

“Because it is delicious to eat while alive.”

The inner door was closed.

Tanjura's eyes burned red.

“Aaaaaa! Goyan bastards!”

He is running away like crazy, but his heart has tore the locust man a thousand times.

“Fix it. Reporting comes first.”

When Daeho's ability, Jakdu, opened the gates of the outer fortress, an open field came into view.

"yes'?"

Tanjura's eyebrows twitched, and both of them hurriedly stopped.

“Oh Dae-seong?”

Sirone was walking with the two apostles.