[705] Desert God (4)

* * *

Southern Akkadian Desert.

It was the Pyramid of the Archmage, the most famous in the Kingdom of Paras, that was holding back Northcarta's sandstorm.

Zulu's dungeon is an empty space where many adventurers stop by to find the secret of death.

But now, due to living together with an uninvited guest, the smell of people was wafting around.

Kang Nan, with her hair tied back, brought wet laundry into a basket and entered the Great Hall.

I felt the vibration of the pyramid shaking in Northcarta, and it was getting stronger as time passed.

“Is there anything else you want me to do?”

Zulu, sucking on a black pacifier, sat in the corner like a doll without a soul, blinking.

“… … .”

I don't read books, I have no hobbies.

She eats nothing but the bare minimum of food to live on, and most of the time is filled with nothing.

“I don’t remember making you do it?”

Kang Nan said as she hung out the laundry on the drying rack.

“Aren’t you bored? If you just sit there blankly like that all day.”

“Without the mind, there is no time.”

It was the words of a person who reached the peak of indifference.

“If you need anything, just tell me.”

After wiping her hands with a towel and walking to the bed, she looked at Gaold with pity as he showed no signs of getting up.

His strong body was skinny like a skull, and his beard, which had given up trimming at some point, had grown below his chin.

'Shouldn't you wake up now?'

Porridge was always prepared by Gaold's side, and Gangnan scooped a spoonful and poured it into his mouth.

“I am getting thinner. Is this really... … .”

“I will not die.”

Kang Nan turned his head, revealing a bright color.

“Maybe?”

“It should have been dead already.”

“… … .”

“If you have overcome the phenomenon of death, the end of Gaold will not be death. It must be something more serious than that.”

“I will come back. because here... … .”

Kang Nan bit his lip and said.

“Because there is a maze.”

Zulu didn't object this time either.

“Perhaps we can cross the labyrinth then.”

Knowing how tenaciously Gaold pursued strength, it was a contradictory feeling that made me sad even though I hoped for it.

'Once you wake up. Then I won't fight either.'

Kurrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrating

As the ceiling shook, the sound of the wind, like the cries of a dead man, came clearly through the walls.

“It's really amazing. How big of a difference in pressure would cause a storm in the middle of the continent?”

Whoo oh oh!

It sounded like Gaold's scream.

“It’s not the wind, Gangnan.”

Zulu pointed to the ceiling and said.

“The wheel of the law. The ethics of this world operate at a much deeper level.”

* * *

Vanguard is closed.

Bomu also welcomed the maga thieves who proudly entered, and Momodo approached with the strongest subordinates.

"welcome. My name is Momodo, the 32nd manager of Vanguard.”

When the name of the most famous heroine in the Central Desert appeared, the vice-captain said with strained eyes.

“I stopped by because I have some business to do, so could you help me?”

Instead of answering, Momodo looked at the woman next to the vice-captain.

Her hair was tangled and the clothes were loose, as if she had been beaten and dragged.

However, the energy that throbbed like being beaten with a fist just by being by his side was not normal.

'Are you really human?'

She is proud to have met all the bizarre humans in the world, but this time she had to think differently.

This woman is the ultimate monster.

“You are aware of the situation. No acts of force were permitted on the Vanguard until Northcarta passed… … .”

Park Nyeo approached Momodo.

“I am looking for Vanya.”

The moment I saw the eyes of the beast, my heart was beating like a prey under the belly of a lion.

'Die. I'm going to die.'

Will you fight or will you open the way?

Momodo's judgment was quick in the face of the alternative choice.

“Come in. Please don't make a big fuss.”

Baknyeo did not hold back even as she passed among the armed men, and the vice-captain snorted at Momodo and followed.

Back at the inn, Sirone and the others occupied each bed in the corner except for the door.

“Whoa, I’m tired. I must have had too much to drink.”

“Kick-kick-kick! Was it fun though? I learned something new after 20 years.”

Lian smiled at Sirone's flushed face.

“Aren’t you appearing in your dreams? Sirone, how many underwear did you pack? Leave it beside me and sleep.”

"shut up! Pretending to be a grown-up while you yourself are bewildered!”

Kido, who had taken off his clothes leaving behind only his rags and shorts, sat cross-legged on the bed.

“It’s done. Human circumstances (?) are taken care of by humans. I'm going to meditate, so don't tell me.”

The body of the goblin, with its skinny limbs and belly protruding, was unattractive, but as soon as the breath developed, the alcohol evaporated and the smell of alcohol spread.

“Kido, you… … .”

While Sirone kept his mouth shut, recalling the words not to touch him, Kido's eyes fell into a more calm state.

'It's incarnation.'

Contrary to the flirtatious way of speaking, the incarnation of the goblin shimmering in Kido's body was surprisingly calm.

“Sirone, what do you think?”

Leaving Kido alone, Rian sat down on the bed and asked.

"That's the prophecy I heard today. Will that really be my end?”

“Do you still care? Even the people at the bar said it was a lie.”

"But you know, it's not a lie."

Sirone slowly took off her robe as if delaying an answer.

“Think of the law as a rule. Numerous cogwheels mesh precisely to produce a fixed result.”

Urin's history search and La Enemy's case manipulation were all possible because the gears of the law were applied.

“If Clarisse made a foreknowledge based on the law, it could really be our end.”

“… … Right."

“But there is no set future. Blowing the statue of Buddha, your denial is also an act of breaking the teeth of a cogwheel.”

“At most teeth.”

Just because a few teeth are missing doesn't stop the cogs from working or have any other consequences.

Ryan said, leaning his arm back.

“How big is a cogwheel? I mean, it's destiny."

It was probably the size of the universe, and it was clear that it was not at a level that could only be destroyed by axing.

As the atmosphere became solemn and deep in thought, a scream was heard from the end of the hallway.

“Kyaaak! what! It's coming in all of a sudden!”

The vice-captain stared at the man and woman who were pale and tired while covering themselves with a blanket, then turned to the next room.

'These guys are not.'

I don't know how they look, but my skills weren't so low that I couldn't recognize Banya and Yaksha.

“What, you guys! How dare you infiltrate my room... … !”

He slammed the door shut and his gait quickened.

'Where are you?'

The outside of the building was already surrounded by subordinates, so there was no place to escape.

“This is the last room.”

The vice-captain, who had been perceiving the atmosphere in the room for a long time at the words of his subordinate, raised his fist and slammed the door.

“Are you there?”

No answer was heard.

“It is urgent. Please open the door, please.”

Still without a sign, his face contorted like a beast and he smashed the door with his front kick.

“When someone calls... … huh?"

A flash of light flashed in front of my eyes.

“Keugh!”

The vice-captain, who hurriedly leaned back, spun around with both feet afloat, unable to overcome the inertia.

As soon as the photon cannon passed by and hit the wall behind it, the subordinates stormed into the room.

“Kiyi!”

Kido rolled on the floor and spread the blade hell, but there was no feeling of being caught on the edge of the sword.

Kido, who confirmed the scattered thieves, bounced on his back, flipped over, and landed in a prone position.

"be careful. These are very strong.”

Sirone also guessed from the man's ability to evade the photon cannon at close range.

"get out! See you outside!”

"Yaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!"

Lian swung his greatsword and tore the entire wall apart.

"catch! Don't miss it!”

Kido climbed out of the railing and climbed up the wall, while Lian and Sirone flung their bodies to opposite sides.

'I have to call Ratusa.'

As I ran down the hallway and looked left and right, I saw the completely closed vanguard scene.

'Then where?'

As I shook my head at the ghastly death, a flash of swords that seemed to contain flames was reflected by the torch.

'Avoid... … !'

With Armand's reflexes, he tried to bend his back, but his heart was about to burst from frustration.

'I got hit!'

As the clear and clear sound of the wind continued, Sirone's throat throbbed and fell away.

1 second to here.

“Heo-eok! Huh!”

After teleporting back 10 meters, Sirone stared ahead with her hands on the ground.

The violent movement twisted the clothes, revealing a woman who was completely tightened.

"you… … Kut!”

A shock wave exploded in my chest belatedly.

When Sirone looked down, Armand's chest was marked with Ringer's upper skin like a silver scar.

'I couldn't avoid it?'

probably wind pressure.

However, looking at the metallic wound, I couldn't believe that it was created by the wind.

“It’s time width.”

Sirone raised her head at Park Nyeo's voice, who realized the state of senses just by reacting to the sword.

“What is identity? Why are you attacking us?”

“The Council of Lords was in conflict.”

'The Ten Commandments?'

"Whether it's you first or Anchera first."

“I don’t understand. Why is the Council of Ten Presbyterians?”

“Shura reported to Amita. you can't reach the palace So we... … .”

As Bak-nyeo lowered her posture, a gust of wind rose.

“Follow Ankera.”

When Baknyeo's figure disappeared from sight, Sirone activated the Poetry Buddha statue bombardment without even looking.

'What's so fast!'

However, as time passed, Bakdo's movement accelerated, and in the end, I could not feel the sword's trajectory even with a sense of time.

"die."

Axing-Nirvana E-engine (heat recoil in-line 8-cylinder).

As the cylinder of the law energized a single movement, the sword plunged into Sirone's head like lightning.

The floor exploded with a roar, and Bak-nyeo remained motionless for a long time in the rising smoke.

'how?'

It was a result that could not be captured even with a monstrous sense.

'I didn't see it?'

Shirone, who had moved behind her, gasped for breath and was preparing to fight.

'Is it magic?'

To confirm, Park Nyeo kicked the ground and at the same time, Sirone's body penetrated the hallway floor like a ghost and disappeared.

'Uncomfortable.'

The unknown has always been unpleasant.

“Big!”

Bak-nyeo, who cycled at a tremendous speed, struck the floor, leaving a huge hole.

Upon landing, what came into sight was Sirone, who went outside ignoring all physical barriers.

"no way."

Park Nyeo's eyes shook in shock.

“Gongpa 空破?”

The reason space can be destroyed is because the features of the real world and the other world are different.

Even if the road is blocked by barriers in reality, there are no barriers in the other world, so you can break through with the shortest route.

“If it hadn’t ended in Shipok… … .”

The underground here may be the basement of the underworld, and the sky may be the roof of a tall building.

“It got a little closer to the end.”

The moment Parknyeo's muttering ended, Sirone, who had cast Shining Magic after breaking the ceiling, turned towards her.

'it's okay. I can fight with this.'

The first thing I developed through Uorin's advice was the ability of my 7th sense to use both real and other world routes.

Jikyung Park - Choeni Bardo (The Boundary Between Life and Death).

In other words, it was the boundary line between this world and the next world.

---------------------------------------