On the brink (3)

The army of the crusade, Valkyrie, 700,000 men erected a defensive wall along the borders of Jive, Molten, and Bornai.

It was the three kingdoms that could be said to be the gateways to the central continent, and if any of them were breached, the army of Hell would continue to move south, eventually taking over the entire continent, the largest on the planet.

'Even if you add up the troops borrowed from each country, 2 million. Compared to the army of hell, it's not enough.'

Member of the Valkyrie 2nd Corps, Amy was currently preparing to greet the enemies at the borders of Molten Kingdom.

'Can I stop it?'

According to intelligence, 10 million of the main army of Hell headed for Kashan's capital.

However, the remaining 40 million would spread in a fan shape and travel south without end, arriving at the border within 48 hours.

Amy stared at the desert horizon dappled with moonlight.

From the Crusade's point of view, it wasn't strange to think of Sirone right before the worst battle.

'How are you doing?'

From the Valkyrie Military Academy to becoming the battalion commander of the magic unit, he trained hard.

The cause of serving the world gradually faded in the agony of training that seemed like death.

Even so, the reason he was able to hold on was to become stronger and meet Sirone.

'You must be over that horizon.' Even now, if you break through the 40 million troops moving south at a terrifying speed, you will find Sirone.

“You seem to have a lot on your mind.” When I turned my head to his voice, Luda Garcia, the commander of the 2nd corps, was approaching with her hands behind her back.

“Loyalty!”

Amy hurriedly raised a salute, but Garcia did not accept it and looked back toward the horizon.

Amy, who knew what that meant, lowered her hand and said in a low voice.

“Master.”

The world's greatest fire mage.

The reason he accepted Amy as a disciple was to pay off the debt he owed to Syrone in South Eymond.

'It's a miracle that it came this far.' But now, even Garcia's eyes toward Amy were very different from the first time.

Since the resistance of the cadets was not so strong, Garcia made it possible for anyone who wanted to to study with him.

And when six months passed, the only person left by Garcia's side was Amy.

'I thought it didn't matter if I went crazy as long as I could survive in this hell.'

Amy has parents, brothers, friends and lovers, but it was Garcia who confirmed her bottom.

I've seen everything about Amy.

A primordial, animalistic, raw figure with no room for reason.

'He's a strong kid.'

It reminded me of when Amy, unable to control the flames, collapsed in the mud with smoke billowing out of her body.

His training suit was burned in an instant, and he was wriggling like a bug with his hand between his legs.

Garcia was about to give up on her.

“Are you still ashamed? If you can afford it, think about recovering. If you lose your mind here, you will die.”

“Huh. uh huh.”

As Garcia approached, Amy instinctively wriggled away.

“There is nowhere to run. One more step left. If you can't control the flames, your life will burn out this time.”

“Black! Ugh!”

Garcia, who lit a super-hot flame, heard Amy's sobbing voice.

'Sirone, am I doing well?'

What I learned from the interview is that Amy is also trying to become stronger in order to meet Shirone.

'I don't quite understand. But one thing is clear, I will never be able to meet you in this state.' There were only a handful of people in the world who could endure this earthly hell on their own.

'I have to save this child for you, but... …

Amy was special to him now.

It was because he had undergone nearly a year of extreme training that even he thought was impossible.

'one more time. Just one more pass... …

I thought I had no choice but to kill him.

"sorry. die."

As the flame-scorched hand moved forward, Amy spoke in a sobbing voice.

“Sirone. sirone... …

The reason Garcia didn't throw flames was the last consideration given to him because he would really kill him.

“Do you want to meet me? If you are dreaming of a final reunion before you die, I will stop here.”

If it's already broken, it's just murder.

“Sirone… … We will meet.”

Amy staggered to her feet.

“I will definitely meet you.”

As the flames of her crimson eyes burned intensely, the tears in her eyes evaporated in an instant.

Garcia, who was watching him, reached out his hand.

“Hellfire.”

A huge flame exploded in the training ground, and it faded in an instant.

Garcia looked back at Amy.

Even when she entered the military academy, she showed signs of being a baby, but she had changed into a woman before she knew it.

'It makes sense that the barracks were overturned.'

Not only her innate beauty, but also the modest energy created through the training in hell stimulates men's curiosity.

“You were popular, you.”

Amy smiled broadly.

"haha! It's the military, so what? Even if you wear a skirt, they like it as a woman.”

Garcia laughed.

“Yes, it must be a lot of trouble.”

The fact that his rank is not yet high may also be a reason for his subordinates to approach him in a friendly way.

'You don't know how many people will die in this war. Depending on the major, the rank will rise vertically.'

Of course, it was under the assumption that he would stop the army of hell.

"But what happened to Master... … ?”

“I think I will be here. Were you missing someone over the horizon?”

Amy blushed.

“Ah, that… …

“Maybe we can meet. If we win this war.”

her eyes sparkled

“Take pride. In any situation, think of what you have done so far.”

Given the huge gap in the chain of command, this was probably the last time Garcia saw Amy.

"yes. We will win.”

Amy smiled as Garcia stroked her hair with a look of affection.

“Oh, and as it will be announced tomorrow, new military equipment will be introduced to your units. It’s a trial run, so try it out.”

“New military equipment?”

“The temple changed businesses. It's a new company, but it seems to mainly handle magic weapons.”

Amy's brow wrinkled.

“But changing equipment with war at hand… …

“It is unusual. However, it can also be said that the performance is good. Deliver it properly to your subordinates.”

It doesn't matter as long as the performance is good, but most of them were collusions between politicians and businessmen.

“Where is the startup?”

“They said it was Governor Nade. Come to think of it, your homeland was also Tormia. It seems to be your company.”

“Nade? Governor Nade?”

“Why? Do you know?”

“Ah, that… … Maybe it's someone I know."

“Since you’re a wizard, that might be the case. They say he is a very young boss. Probably just like you.”

Amy couldn't get rid of the idea that she was the Nade she knew.

'That guy makes weapons of war?'

It doesn't seem like it in terms of personality, but it was plausible considering the uniqueness of the war against the demons.

Also, if performance is proven, it will grow rapidly incomparably with other businesses.

'Because he's definitely a smart guy.'

Of course, it's not just about looking at money and messing around.

Now that Iruki was active in the military department of the temple, he too was fighting fiercely.

'To meet Sirone.'

I wasn't fighting alone.

Seeing Amy smile, Garcia turned around as if satisfied.

“You must survive, Amy.”

"yes." Master too.

A servant's will was handed over to a soldier under the wizard group belonging to the Valkyrie 2nd Corps with a grandiose phrase that read "Resolution."

It was the division commander's order to increase his desire for survival by writing down his wishes before the war.

Though well-intentioned, it was just a tiring event for the lower end soldiers who wanted to take a nap at that time.

"shit! You look like you're going to die soon. What's your wish? rather write a will

do not say.”

"If it's black, what should I do? They say that troops who write the resolution well will be allowed to attend the consolation performance.”

“Buck. Will the hottest beauties come to this battlefield? Besides, it doesn't matter who comes. Because I am the best battalion commander.”

All the magicians of the 2nd Company, Amy's direct unit, agreed silently.

“Cheuk, yes. be a wish There is only one thing I want to do before I die.”

Corporal Berrik scribbled something on the resolution.

“I set up a tent with my battalion commander and stayed up all night… …

The comrade in the seat next to him read what Berik was writing and widened his eyes.

“You madman! If you use something like this, it's an honor! What are the executives going to do when they read it?”

“You can write it and throw it away. shit! I can’t even write something like this, so what kind of resolution is it?”

"but?… ”

The company, which was at the peak of tension ahead of the war, became noisy with a single piece of Verique's resolution.

“Puhahaha! Can I publish this? Sergeant, please read what Berik wrote.”

The resolution went around and returned to Berrik, at which point the tent in the barracks was opened.

“Attention troops!”

First of all, they instinctively erected their upper bodies, but the members' faces turned pale when they saw Amy's face.

'Damn it, it's completely fucked up.'

Amy looked around at the crew and said.

“Why are you so funny? Anything good?”

the squad leader exclaimed hastily.

"doesn't exist!"

“What is not there? I think he was writing a resolution. What is your wish?”

Amy looked around at the resolutions placed in front of the members and went inside.

Only Berrik threw the crumpled up resolution behind his back and was breaking into a cold sweat.

"What? Let me see you.”

"it's nothing."

Berrik shook his head with all his might, but the more he did, the more it only stimulated his curiosity.

Amy laughed.

“Are you discriminating against women commanders? This is a bit sad.” It was a male joke, I guessed roughly.

"no! Absolutely not! Battalion commander, please trust me.”

"okay. I'll read it considering it's a joke. Give it to me.”

Berrik, who had no choice but to follow the command of the commander, handed over the crumpled resolution.

The warrior's hand was trembling.

“Hmm, let’s see. It's a wish and something, with the battalion commander... …

Amy's face gradually started to heat up as she read through the resolution.

At that time, the crew members who were watching their superiors look away with frightened expressions.

“Whoa.”

Amy sighed and glanced at Berrik with narrow eyes.

Berrik's shoulders trembled.

'You'd better kill me! I'm going to be embarrassed and go crazy!'

Is it Youngchang?

If you add sexual harassment to your superiors, you may be punished even more severely.

“Yeah, what. Imagination is free.”

When Amy rolled up the resolution and handed it out, Verique looked up with a moved expression.

“Captain… …

“I know it’s a joke, so I’m looking at it. Corporal, no matter how much your wish is, write something that can come true.”

The relaxed crew burst into laughter.

“Sorry, hehe.”

Just as she was about to receive the resolution, Amy raised her arm.

"and."

The dried paper patted Berik's head.

“Aren’t you choosing your vocabulary correctly? am i a fruit? huh? Is it fruit?”

"evil! sorry! evil!"

As the crew members sighed, the platoon commander who had been waiting for them viciously laughed.

I meant to end this.

"now! Attention everyone.”

In an instant, the military became solemn.

“An order came from the top. Starting tomorrow, new supplies will arrive in our unit. Payment type... …

No one showed any playfulness.