[235] 4. Combat Simulation (5)

Sirone was also engraved. No matter what profession he later pursues, a wizard must be able to protect himself and his comrades. This is because they are given tasks that ordinary people cannot do. For wizards who used to sit at a desk and rummage through papers, hiring a scholar was much more efficient.

“Then let’s get started. I'm going to test you as a succubus, so please call me a mercenary soldier this time.”

Sade immediately annihilated the succubus as if he had waited for the word to come out. Upon entering the dragon soldier's code, a steel-colored skull was projected 2,000 times.

The students burst into cheers again. The dragon soldier was a magical creature made from the dragon's fangs. It was so strong that it was almost ineffective with physical attacks, so it was a monster so strong that it would be beneficial to run away unless there was a divine mage who had learned to turn undead.

“I will bring a teacher in for a demonstration.”

“I will.”

THAAD came out. He honestly hates to do it, but he couldn't let Shiina or Ethella go. She didn't want to see a woman get beaten up by a mercenary.

“Even though it's virtual, the information we receive is based on actual dragon soldiers, so it's safe to say it's a real battle. So let's go lightly with a sync rate of 50%. are you okay?"

"haha! of course. What about 50 percent?”

Actually it wasn't okay. Even for a certified 6th grade wizard, the dragon soldier was a powerful monster. No matter how much the shock came in, I couldn't guarantee that my mind would be able to withstand it.

“Then, Mr. Sade will be attacked by mercenary soldiers.”

The dragon soldier approached with thumping footsteps.

'scary. shit.'

Sade waited with a trembling expression. The eyes of the students widened as the huge skeleton approached right in front of them and raised a sword like a relic.

It was a great force.

"uh? uh huh?”

The mercenary's arm fell at a terrifying speed.

As the virtual sword passed through Sade's body, the percentage gauge floating above his head was cut by 50%.

Saad struggled to keep a calm expression.

“As you can see, Mr. Sade's mental strength has been reduced by half. This is because if you get cut by the sword, you die. Since the current synchro rate is 50%, it was only cut in half. The hologram pierces through when the mage is hit with death. This is called 'eaten'. Then I'll show you the defense roll this time. Mr. Sade.”

Sade, like a skilled teaching assistant, immediately cast magic. When he used his air skin, his body was covered with a film of compressed air, and the percentage gauge slashed by 1 percent.

Since it was a numerical value of mental strength, the gauge decreased not only when attacked but also when casting magic.

“Now, let’s get attacked by dragon soldiers.”

The dragon soldier raised his arm and lowered his sword. This time, it was different from the eating judgment. The blade came to a stop as if it had been stabbed into the crown of Sade. The percentage gauge is down 1.8 percent.

Olivia nodded in satisfaction.

“It's great too. I got 48.2% defense for 1% of the cost of the air skin. If you think of it as a real battle, you're in a state where your mind is hardly disturbed even after being hit by the mercenary soldier who did his best. You know how strong Mr. Sade is, right?”

All the students said yes out loud. If the destructive power of a certified 6th-level magician's spirit was reduced by 1.8 percent, the advanced class students would die instantly just by brushing against it.

Saad raised his shoulders proudly. He didn't seem to need to disclose the fact that he had developed an enormous sequence just before he was hit.

“If the hologram does not penetrate, it is called 'blockage'. Eating and clogging. When these two judgments occur, the spirit is taken away through anti-magic and magic control technology.”

Mana control was a technique that blocked certain circuits in the brain and made it impossible to concentrate.

The spirit zone is a phenomenon in which the entire brain is activated, so concentration becomes impossible even if only a part of the cerebral network is blocked.

When one circuit is blocked, the brain immediately bypasses another route to transmit information. 

However, since the magic control device also changes the blocking path at a rate of 20 times per second, it is possible to think, but it is impossible to enter the spirit zone.

Of course, it is possible to enter the spirit zone by exceeding the 20-time blocking rate per second and bypassing irregular patterns.

However, the association's official position was that it was impossible without a certified second-class archmage or higher.

It's true that it's a great skill, but students weren't interested in controlling magic power. 

It was natural that he would not be interested in it unless he was a person with a dream of becoming an engineer because it was not crazy and was originally developed to be used by criminals.

But at the word anti-magic, I couldn't help but be intimidated.

“Principal, anti-magic is... … .”

“Yes, I know what you are worried about. It's mind-damaging magic. But don't worry, there's no big risk unless the synchro rate is 80 percent or higher.”

Olivia firmly finished and moved on.

“Then we move on to the attack roll. It's what we call 'the jungle'. Mr. Sade.”

This time it was the turn to attack the mercenaries. But THAAD had no choice but to whet its appetite.

If you can't do divine magic, you need enough physical power to break a dragon's teeth or enough firepower to melt it.

It's not impossible if you do your best, but I didn't want to show the appearance of using a dragon in front of students.

“Hey, the dragon soldier… … .”

"Oh, I see. Let me do it.”

Sade stepped down and Olivia took his place. 

Looking at the dragon soldier, she lightly raised her hand and cast the divine magic Holy Cross.

At the same time as the brilliance burst from the palm of the hand, a large cross of light exploded in the dragon soldier's stomach.

The shocked dragon soldier staggered back.

“This is the jungle. Virtual information can't push your body away, but holograms can. The death of monsters also belongs to the jungle. Let me show you a demonstration.”

Olivia pursed her lips softly. A high-pitched high-pitched sound leaked from between her lustrous parted lips.

When he cast Holy Cross, the cross, four times larger than before, smashed the dragon soldier.

The students' eyes widened at the sight of the bones dancing in the sky.

The teachers were also shocked.

As the highest authority in the spirit of the word magic, he easily performed the high-level technique of the super sound technique, the monophonic technique.

Shiina looked at her with a complicated feeling. She tried to hold out as long as she could until Alpheas returned, but there was no way to stop her well-springing respect.

“Awesome. Looking at the amplification power, it must have been more than 2,000 syllables.”

“Looks like it took 0.82 seconds. I read five pages of a novel in less than a second.”

I got goosebumps at Ethella's realistic analogy.

Even if I tried to imagine it, I couldn't get a sense of how fast it was.

“The basics of commandments are rumination and spitting out. Pronunciation is the same, but the speed of thought is terrifying.”

“Yes, that's why S-class criminals are filled with inferno instead of magic control devices to make them unable to even think. Of course, the headmaster is not a criminal.”

The most surprising was the fact that the gauge representing Olivia's mental strength did not decrease even after casting the magic.

It would have been a decrease of less than 0.1 percent. Smashing her dragon bottle seemed to be more comfortable for her than breathing.

“This concludes the two thousand basic explanations. Classes will be held alternately between Image Zone and 2,000, so make sure to check the timetable carefully. Class 7 sets the synchro rate to 20%, and raises it by 10% step by step to 50% for Class 4. For reference, the senior class is currently training at 80% and at the graduation exam it is 100%. If you have any additional questions, ask now.”

A Class Four student raised his hand.

“What if the gauge is all reduced?”

"okay. Look at Mr. Sade’s gauge.”

The eyes of the students turned to Sade. Suddenly, his gauge was full.

“The Spirit Gauge reflects the wizard's spirit in real time. It decreases when attacked, and also decreases when casting magic. Of course, when you take a break, it will be replenished. If it reaches 0%, the two bracelets will glow and the 2,000th effect will disappear. Another question?”

"uh… … Is that really all?”

Olivia smiled.

“Yes, that's all. Through the 2,000 hands-on training, you will be able to significantly increase your tactical and strategic understanding. Above all, the key features of 2,000 have not yet been released, so there is no need to be nervous.”

The teachers' faces darkened.

The reason why the efficiency of 2,000 times was acknowledged but limited to the senior class was because of this problem.

“No matter how strong a monster is, it is nothing more than artificially collected dead information. Having a pattern means that you can also find a strategy. The true strength of the 2,000 is elsewhere. Information for which no pattern could be found. It is a clash between living information.”

The students started screaming. Having understood the system of 2,000 times, they guessed the meaning behind Olivia's words.

“It is a man-to-person battle called the 2,000 flowers.”

@

The advanced class integrated class was divided into the image zone and the 2,000 class. Students who quickly adapted to Olivia's policy no longer felt repulsed by the 2,000.

“Hey, over there! Catch it!”

“No, I have to drive this way!”

The children of Class 7 were hunting Tycon.

It was a reddish-brown, hairless bird with a long beak and sharp claws. It wasn't that big, and the sync rate was only 10%, so it was a monster that could be caught without fear.

When dozens of children cast magic into the sky, anti-communist nets unfolded. Tikon caught in the intensive fire was hit by all sorts of magic and fell to the ground.

“Got it! I was hit by an ice sword!”

“No, you fool! You got hit by the wind cutter I threw!”

“Anyway, you won! We caught the monster!”

The standard way to hunt flying monsters is to spread a net on the passing road. The students of Class 7 realized firsthand how effective the anti-communist fire net was in real combat.

Sirone realized the change in the students.

After the 2,000th class began, all the students devoted themselves to magic training. It was the effect of the practicalism advocated by Olivia.

After the practice of the juniors, when it was Class Four's turn, the level of monsters increased significantly.

The Ulks I met in the slash-and-burn village were basic, and even the giant scorpion Scorpion and the harpy using sound magic were rampaging.

Trolls with the ability to regenerate were the most difficult. I heard that magic has a weakness, but even halfway attacks did not send a message.

“Come on, Mercedes.”

Boyle summoned the Mercedes that lives in the Arctic Ocean.

A monster-type Echinoderm Monster, a creature of the sea urchin class, with hard cilia growing like thorns on a sphere with a diameter of 50 cm.

It has no intelligence, but once attached, it has a tendency to cool the target and make it similar to the environment in which it lived, so it was a monster that summoners chose when they needed freezing-type abilities.

Being a creature that cannot live even a minute at room temperature, Merces, clinging to the troll's back, instinctively radiated cold air.

As the troll began to freeze, its ability to regenerate decreased and its movements slowed down. The students, who were looking for an opportunity, poured out a concentrated attack and smashed the troll.

“I did it! We defeated the troll!”

“Boyle, isn’t that great? You have to live in a cryogenic environment for at least two months to learn Mercedes, right? When did you go all the way to the North Pole?”

"haha! what is the arctic I lived in a cold storage every day.”

With the introduction of the 2,000 number, Boyle's name value went up. It is true that there were not many opportunities to prove the effectiveness of summoning magic in the existing classes, but in practice, summons with extreme abilities that wizards of their age could not use were shining.

On the other hand, Pandora, who was second in Class Four, gradually became impatient.

The desire to stand out was great, but it was impossible to overwhelm the monsters with scent magic.

---------------------------------------