[326] Second outing (4)

“10 silver for 10 snowballs, 1 silver for each? It is very expensive.”

It was a culture shock for Sirone, who grew up in the mountains from a young age and never experienced anything like a festival.

But Amy took it for granted.

“Because tourist destination products have a premium. Besides, that stuffed toy of the Ice Queen is quite famous. It's strategically made by the borough, and you can't get it outside of the winter festival. The types of dolls are different every year, so there is even a collection.”

“Oh, is that so?”

Sirone's eyes sparkled.

If it was a festival limited edition, it was only natural that the price would rise over time.

If he could win the game, paying 10 silver for 10 snowballs would not be a bad business.

“Okay, I'll try. I'm looking forward to it.”

Sirone paid 10 silver.

“Give me 10 snowballs.”

“Here comes another brave man. May the ice queen's protection rest upon you.”

I don't think anything good will happen with the blessing of the Ice Queen, but I thought it would be because her character itself is a tourist product.

Sirone was handed a box containing snowballs.

When I entered the game room, there was someone who challenged me first. While I was waiting, I picked up and touched a lump of snow in a box, and when I touched it, it was thick and heavy with water mixed with it.

'Um, this should be enough range, right?'

Throwing itself is not a problem.

However, when I looked at the challenger, I was able to send snowballs to the spire on the other side only through a hole in the wall.

Since the throwing angle is limited, it is not easy to produce ball power, and the accuracy will be considerably lower.

“Whoa, it’s surprisingly difficult, isn’t it?”

The challenger who failed the challenge stepped back wiping his sweat.

Those who visit the winter festival every year know how difficult it is to ride the Ice Queen's collection, so they weren't disappointed.

Following the moderator's guidance, Sirone entered the game room and put down the box next to her, holding up a snowball.

He measured the distance by rolling it with his finger, and threw the snowball with all his might while opening his body wide.

The snowball passed through the window and fell down under the force of gravity, breaking the wall below the watchtower.

I could hear the delightful laughter of the tourists.

Normally, Sirone would have laughed, but seeing Amy staring at her, her face flushed.

Unwilling to look back at her, he hurriedly took up the next snowball and analyzed his failure.

'I can't raise the angle, so I can't get the old power. This is much harder than I thought.'

Well, since it was a game with a festival limited edition as a prize, it probably wasn't designed for anyone to succeed.

"profit… … !”

Sirone clenched her teeth and threw a snowball.

I was able to narrowly match the distance as if there was a result of my determination. However, the snowball passed the soldier's target and fell somewhere far away.

“Whoa! Whoa!”

Shirone, who had come to the trouble, threw snowballs in succession.

Since I had the experience of succeeding in Thunderstrike at once, I thought that if I gradually reduced the error, I would succeed in the end.

But I realized it when I threw five.

'Isn't it more difficult than thundering?'

The rules are simple, but it was never a random game.

It was made to look like anyone could succeed, and the throwing angle and distance were skillfully adjusted, making it impossible for anyone other than a natural strong goal or professional to succeed.

After throwing 10 snowballs, Sirone gasped.

Even in the cold weather, my body was hot and sweat beaded on my forehead. She couldn't even take off her coat because she was wearing Armand.

Sirone shyly bit his tongue and went back to Amy.

“Ugh, sorry. failed.”

“What do you have to be sorry for? It's just a game. Anyway, that would be really difficult.”

Through Sirone's challenge, Amy guessed that the difficulty level of the game was the highest.

Analyzing with Hong's Eye, there were not many routes that could reach the target if all forces, gravity, and air friction were calculated.

"ha ha ha! Failed spectacularly. Those who are students of magic school. I'm going to die of embarrassment.”

Sirone and Amy looked back at the same time. The muddy-haired boy approached with a sneer.

In the back, a tall, curly-haired young man and a girl with heavy make-up stood arrogantly as if defending the rear.

“Long time no see, Amy.”

Zokre held out his hand, and Amy stood motionless for a long time, lost in thought.

After entering magic school, I didn't really know anyone other than my school friends.

Especially if it's a man.

“Hey, I’m sorry… … who are you?"

Zokre's face crumpled.

How could he not remember himself?

Even if he refused, it should have been an unforgettable memory to have been confessed to by someone.

At least Zokre thought so.

To be honest, I've never been confessed to by a woman, but if that happened, I was confident that I would make it a point of pride for the rest of my life.

“You don’t know, are you pretending not to know? Zocre. Alpheas Magic School. Do you really not know?”

“Zocre? Zocre... … .”

Amy, who had been mumbling, opened her eyes wide and pointed at Zocre.

"Ah ah ah ah ah! wow! You are really old.”

It didn't look welcoming, but the exaggerated surprise made Zocre shrug his shoulders in front of his friends.

The person who recognizes her is none other than the world's Karmis Amy.

However, it wasn't that he approached to solve a quarrel with his alumni, so he raised his chin and lowered his gaze.

“Hey, shouldn’t we formally greet each other?”

"huh? what greetings?”

Zocre ran his arm through his friends behind him and pointed at himself with his thumb.

“From what I hear, it looks like you're still in school, but we're full-time wizards. In other words, he is an unofficial 10th level wizard.”

official wizard.

Amy's heart skipped a beat. At the age of twelve, she entered the Alpheas Magic School, a word she had never left her mind for a moment until now.

Praying that her face would not freeze, Amy reached out to Zocre.

"I see. congratulations. I graduated after all.”

At the time, Amy was thirteen. Few memories of Jockre remain, but when he fled from one school to another, the feeling of contempt for him was as clear as ever.

A smile spread across Zokre's lips.

Amy's poker face was perfect, but I could see her heart without opening her chest.

The world-recognized genius of the Karmis family is watching him in the position of failing the graduation exam, so he must feel resentful.

'Hey, how are you? The feeling when you kicked me was much more miserable than this.'

Zocre turned his gaze to Sirone, who was standing in a daze.

“You see a celebrity here. Ariane Sirone. He said he was the best prospect in the kingdom?”

Sirone remained silent for the time being. He was aware of the fact that he did not approach with a friendly mind.

“As a senior, can I give you some advice? Prospects are only prospects after all. The true victory comes after becoming a formal wizard. Well, if you're good enough, you're quite successful for an idiot. ha ha ha!"

Amy shouted with an angry face.

“Zocre! What do you mean? Apologize to Sirone quickly!"

"why me? I didn't even say anything wrong. Oh, was it an open secret? But giving up will be good for your mental health. that have already been published in academic journals. There is no one among the students who does not know.”

"okay? Then, shall I say what comes out of my mouth? Are you sure you'll be okay?"

Zokre's eyes widened. He didn't know what he was trying to say, but he couldn't help being pricked.

'Amy... … .'

Reunited after 5 years, Amy has grown into a much prettier girl than when she was young.

Her hair was permed, which was not seen in academic journals, and she chose clothes in a bright and cute style. It was a well-decorated outfit no matter who saw it.

'Sheesh! It must be something that only Sirone can see, right?'

Amy was the female student who occupied the most shares among the male students at Eins Magic School.

In terms of the kingdom as a whole, the number would have increased significantly.

When she thought of putting on makeup for only one person and carefully choosing pretty clothes, she felt like she lost to Sirone even without fighting.

'I'm sorry, Amy. How can you date a commoner if you're not crazy? No matter how good his skills are, he's just a student.'

Seeing Sirone frowning, unable to resist even after being insulted for being a lowly citizen, made him even more annoyed.

'It's worth asking, but you don't say a word? Are you ignoring it? No, he must have been intimidated by the word official wizard. A boy hides behind a woman, pathetically... … Tsk tsk.'

Zokre was mistaken.

To Sirone, who fought against Bossun, a certified 4th-class magician, the courage of being an official magician was not much of a threat.

The reason Sirone was frowning was not Zocre, but Armand, who was wearing it around his waist.

The human spirit flows like water.

And Armand's rated control was such a delicate function that the synchro rate with the owner's mind approached 100%.

If you do not perfectly control your emotions, Armand will move before you can control your mind.

That's why it's a magic sword.

Of course, it would have had nothing to do with the former owner, Jion. It's enough to get rid of it as your feelings go.

However, Sirone had to continue her school life normally.

As a commoner, he could fall into an irreversible situation if he committed murder.

More than anything else, the problem was that after returning to Kazura, it was difficult to control my emotions like before.

The Demon God Behemoth was imprisoned in the seal, but it is connected to Sirone's spirit through the keyword of anger.

If his emotions escalated to the point where he couldn't control them, Armand would slit his opponent's throat without even having time to reconsider his thoughts.

'Did you just come out with a car? I'll have to be more careful in the future.'

When Zocre finally saw Sirone, who couldn't fight back, he clicked his tongue and pointed to the game hall and said to Amy.

“It seems that not all academic journals are believed. I can't give my girlfriend a doll as a present. Can we demonstrate?”

Amy shrugged.

It's a game that anyone can play if you pay money, but what else can you do without giving permission?

“Yeah, do it if you want.”

Zocre and the others entered the game arena.

Apparently aware of Sirone's challenge, Vivian deliberately spoke so that she could hear.

“Guys, if you ride the ice queen, you must give it to me.”

“Try it once. Well, if it was Ludvans, it would be easy.”

The moderator handed over a box of snowballs. The person who paid the money was Jocre, but the person who received the box was Lud Barnes.

Zocre turned to Sirone and Amy, who were watching with interest, and pointed at Ludvans.

“Lud Barnes is our school’s representative pitching player. You can look forward to it.”

Helm is a combat sport that originated in ancient warfare. It is a game in which teams of 5 players hit the opponent with a rubber ball in a covered arena.

Among amateurs, it is a game that even children can enjoy, but when it goes up to the level of semi-professionals such as school competitions, the velocity of the fastball approaches 160 km/h.

In addition to the tactics using three-cushion, various breaking balls were developed, so it was a sport full of excitement and high risk of injury.

Lud Barnes was the ace of the school, and the Eins pitching team was strong enough to reach the quarterfinals in the national competition last year.

"where… … Shall we start exploring?”

Ludvans' attitude was distinctly different from that of ordinary people. There was a mechanism for each section of his movement, and as they were connected smoothly, he was creating the best ball power.

As I swung my arms forward as if falling over, there was a pop and the sound of the wind burst and the snowball flew away.

When it hit the target accurately, Vivian called out for joy.

“Good! Success at once! After all, he is the ace of our school!”

---------------------------------------