[300] Master of Rituals (4)

"Arrived. If you open this door, you should be able to go down.”

"okay. Then, from now on, we will enter Sirone's unconscious.”

Understanding Armin's words, Amy took a deep breath.

Beyond this door, Sirone's true feelings linger.

Judging from the state of incarnation, there will be no ugly desires. However, there may be similar aspirations.

'doesn't care. It's not like I'm clean. Everyone has that kind of heart.'

Sirone did not open the door abruptly. Going downstairs seemed to cause conflict.

Eventually he let go of the doorknob and turned to Amy with a displeased look.

“I don’t think you need to come… … .”

Suddenly, Sirone raised her head and rolled her eyes. Then, like an epileptic, she trembled and fell.

“Sirone!”

Amy hugged Sirone and checked her condition. Her face was pale, and her lungs were moving wildly as if she were about to run out of breath.

“What happened? What happen?"

A rumbling vibration was felt, and the ceiling of the Grand Hall began to collapse. Armin opened the door and shouted as the stones larger than a man fell.

"There is no time! The unconscious is collapsing!”

* * *

Kazura Royal Food Storage.

Xenoger's steel wire finally cut through Sirone's veins and entered. Thousands of drops of blood burst from the wound and spread out as slowly as time slowed down.

The aftermath of reality immediately hit the mind.

As the level 11 rainfall surged, half of the city was submerged. The projectiles floating on the rapids burst into cries close to screams.

The crowd of people flowing down to the lowland was also mixed with the fear of Egoist, the manifestation of Nade.

“Kiaaaaaa!”

Egoist struggled on his limbs and desperately tried to escape. However, in the end, he could not overcome the rapidly rising amount of water and was submerged under the surface with a desperate scream.

Secrets of the Abyss (1)

Sirone's spirit level 5.

The door opened with a squeaky, old sound.

The energy of vigilance penetrated before people.

A long time later, Arius with a flushed face and Ji-on, who had been protected with diamond armor, crossed the threshold.

“This is… … Sirone's unconscious?”

Ji-on was confused by the unexpected situation.

The 5th level they arrived at was a library with endless bookshelves.

spine of knowledge.

Arius noticed that history was arranged in chronological order just by examining a few bookshelves.

'This… … It's beyond awesome, it's to the point where there's no humanity.'

He was the one who dived into the mind of a high-ranking wizard far greater than Sirone. However, even for such people, the arrangement of unconsciousness was very loose and chaotic.

No wonder. Rather, it was strange that human unconsciousness was standardized.

Ji-on asked in a disappointed voice.

“What the hell is this? Didn’t I say you could see everything in Sirone naked?”

“It is the backbone of knowledge.”

“The spine of knowledge?”

“It is a chronological arrangement of history. It's hard to make it like this, and even if you try to make it, it's hard to succeed. Sirone’s unique growth process seems to have worked.”

Zion snorted.

Sirone grew up as the child of a mountaineer, the lowest of the lowest. No matter how much he flew and jumped, he was no better than himself, who had been taught lord lessons since he was born.

“Certainly an ignorant method. In a word, you mean that you put it in with an oath, right? They say they don’t understand things they haven’t learned and just memorize them.”

“Is it really so?”

Arius was smiling happily.

Definitely great.

It was surprising that the spine of knowledge was not great, but that it was staying at the deep 5th level below the REM area.

“It is impossible to establish a spine in the realm of the unconscious with simple memorization. I understand everything. If so, the effect is excellent. No matter what knowledge you study, you can arrange it clearly. It is so efficient that it cannot be compared to meaninglessly putting knowledge in.”

Zion's impression was crumpled.

He couldn't see his expression because he was covered by the armored helmet, but Arius could feel the lifeblood rising from him.

“Yes, this is it… … .”

Zion was offended.

very badly too.

Ever since he was young, he had taken everything he liked and mastered it. No one in the world could have been better educated than Theraze's son.

However, that confidence has been repeatedly damaged since the appearance of Sirone.

Does it make sense that a son of a lowly citizen could be better than a son of an emperor?

Zion's breathing gradually became rougher.

He looked at the books that were tightly packed in the library.

There is no way that Sirone actually read tens of thousands of books. However, it seems like a lot because the knowledge he understood and acquired is organized under perfect categories.

“Damn you son of a bitch!”

Zeon took the blade out of the gauntlet and cut through the bookshelf at random. Scraps of paper fluttered like goose feathers, and the bookshelves were cut as smooth as cheese.

Moving on to the next square, he wielded the blades in both hands and destroyed Sirone's knowledge.

"ruler! How about this? huh? I'll mess with everything in your head!”

Zion's voice trembled with joy.

"haha! is this fun? It would have been easier if it had been like this from the beginning! More, more broken!”

Arius said in a cold voice.

“Stop it.”

Although he is not the type to pay attention to what others say, Ji also had no choice but to stop moving this time.

When I slowly turned my head, Arius was giving me a cold look.

Indeed, it was a life worthy of being called the 7 Madou Girls.

"what? Did you just tell me?”

His stomach rumbled, but Ji-on did not lose and fought back.

He is Arius' employer, and the employee must not go against the employer.

Even if this is Arius' garden, the spiritual world, the power of money spreads throughout the universe.

As long as there are creatures called humans living there.

Arius tempered his life.

'Damn the kid... … .'

To be honest, I almost killed Zeon.

The backbone of knowledge Sirone had achieved was a pleasing sight even to Arius.

Although he is infamous as one of the Seven Magicians of the Black Line, in terms of intelligence, he was second to none of the scholars in the world.

I understood more than anyone else what Sirone was thinking when he created this structure of knowledge. No matter how much the enemy was, it couldn't be without a feeling of ally.

If he hadn't met in this situation, he would have taken care of Sirone wholeheartedly.

Of course, judging from the personality I've experienced so far, there seems to be little chance of entering the black line.

Arius suppressed his anger and returned to his former self.

Whatever the feelings, he is a pro. His convictions did not allow him to rebel against his employer.

“From now on, it is the realm of the unconscious. If you carelessly touch it, there may be errors in Ataraxia. So stop destroying and go down.”

Perhaps Ataraxia will be all right. Because step 5 in depth is just the result of step 4.

Changing the effect does not change the cause.

However, Arius did not want to break the spine of knowledge even by doing so.

It wasn't because he cared for Sirone.

Truly, this was a space that satisfied his intellectual aesthetics.

At the word ataraxia, Ji also stopped cutting. It took a whopping 4 billion gold to get it, so if it was damaged even a little, it would be a huge loss.

"good. I'm going to die anyway, so let's leave it like this."

Arius smiled in satisfaction.

“Then, shall we go down now?”

Ji-on's foolish behavior made her annoyed, but thanks to her, she gained something. The point is that the egoist does not appear even though the spine of knowledge has been damaged.

Since there are no projectiles below the REM area, the Egoist can manifest at any time and punish intruders.

It was one of the reasons why even divers with lucid dream certifications were reluctant to go down to the depths.

'The egoist is not expressed. It's time to collapse in time.'

And this is exactly what Arius was aiming for.

No matter how fast the mental process went down to level 5, time would have passed in real life. It was safe to say that Sirone had received a fatal wound close to death.

'Can I finally see Ataraxia?'

Arius' eyes were shining more intensely than ever.

* * *

Armin opened the door and entered the fifth stage. Then Sirone, aided by Amy, came in with her gasping for breath.

Sirone, who had barely escaped from the collapse of the REM area, sat down on the floor unable to walk anymore. Her face was fading beyond pale.

“Sirone! are you okay? Come to your senses!”

Amy caressed Sirone's cheeks.

However, what returned was Sirone's harsh stomp and cold voice.

“Get out of the way.”

Amy backed away sadly.

Even in an emergency situation to the extent that the mental world collapsed, Sirone's frozen heart showed no sign of loosening up.

Sirone, who was glaring at Amy with her eyes lifted upwards, pursed her lips as if to say something as her extinction was imminent. But her mouth, which had been opened, closed again as Amy turned her around.

Amy looked around with a throbbing heart.

No matter what I see, I will never criticize Sirone. Even if it's a bad heart towards yourself.

"here is… … ?”

But she couldn't see anything.

What unfolded before my eyes was not the naked emotions, but the flow of history organized by category.

The backbone of knowledge that Sirone talked about earlier.

At the time I heard the story, I only imagined a vague diagram, but seeing it in reality, I thought that it was a really great work.

The fact that the backbone of knowledge was engraved in the 5th stage was possible only if a single piece of information was not handled carelessly.

Understanding was impossible without connecting the causal relationship of all the acquired information.

Sirone did it.
I could clearly realize how much effort he had to keep up with 
the intellectual abilities of the magic school students .

Like Arius, who stayed a while ago, Armin grasped the characteristics at once.

The categories of information on the bookshelf were divided so that they could be independently understood no matter what item was looked at.

'What the hell is this kid... … .'

Above all, this was the realm of the unconscious.

There are certain pieces of information that you will never forget even if you live your whole life. People call this source knowledge.

Sirone had brought the spine of knowledge down to the state of source knowledge.

Armin, who was walking around the library while repeating exclamation inwardly, found a section that was broken in a mess.

The books were torn to pieces and the bookshelves were destroyed.

"Looks like they've come and gone."

Amy was upset when she found the bookcase horribly smashed. He knew better than anyone how Sirone felt when he completed the spine of knowledge, so he felt a sense of resentment towards them.

“Bad children. what is this... … .”

Amy shed tears as she raked up the papers scattered on the floor.

I couldn't forgive Zion. will pay the price in some way.

“Wait a moment.”

Armin said.

The collapsed bookshelf was regenerating as if a creature repairs its wounds.

Amy watched the process with a surprised expression.

“How could this be?”

“Normally, this is impossible. However, the complementary knowledge base is formed as a net structure. Even if one route is blocked, it immediately bypasses and establishes a new route. Sooner or later the spine of knowledge will be restored to its former state.”

Rayna asked.

“Then why did you break it? Arius would have known. You are an expert.”

"It's because I'm an expert."

Reina tilted her head.

But Armin's explanation ended there. It's because there's nothing good about praising the enemy in a situation where you'll be fighting back sooner or later.

Zeon broke and Arius stopped.

It didn't come to mind except that situation.

Although he is degraded as a grave robber by the world, he is a person with strong intellectual pride. He must have been strongly impressed by seeing Sirone's unconscious mind.

As if the invaders did not want to damage the artifacts of other countries.

---------------------------------------