[18] Alpheas Magic School (4)

This time Klump was surprised. He always felt it, but he was a friend who knew how to play with people.

“They say that when you master magic, you gain foresight.”

“Not like that. We had a brief relationship. Well, it's intense.”

Alpheas introduced how he met Sirone when he was 12 years old. Then Clump told me the story of how he came into the Ogent family after that.

“Arian sironera.”

Alpheas was silent again. But this time it was really thoughtful.

“Why don’t you take it? Could this also be fate?”

“Fate is just a play on words. The future of humans is pioneered by humans. If you think about bringing it together, is there anything that isn’t destiny?”

Doesn't work this time either. Clump smacked his lips.

But at the same time, it was heartbreaking. It was because I could guess the feelings of a friend who couldn't make a decision even after discovering a good talent.

"still… … Are you unable to forgive yourself?”

Alpheas was speechless.

“Isn't that the reason why the special screening was held despite the dissensions of the nobles? You've done enough. It has produced many talented people. Stop forgiving yourself now.”

“Heh heh heh, forgiving yourself is arrogance. I'm the one who threw the precious talent bestowed by God into the trash. Not to be forgiven. I hope that such a person will never appear again.”

Clump sighed. He is a certified 4th class wizard and serves as the principal of a prestigious school, but this is not the end of a friend. he was a genius If it hadn't been for that day.

“Quack. Well, at the time, you were unlucky even when I saw you as a friend. The light of the Mirhi family. A genius who might come out in 100 years is now an old school principal. Life is so fleeting.”

Alfeas was in a good mood even with the vicious words that pierced her heart, wondering if she would embrace the pain as if she were a child when she got older.

“Chuck! On the other hand, heaven helped you. That idiot with no talent is a certified level 3 swordsman. I am worried about the future of Tormia Kingdom.”

The two of them laughed heartily. It was safe to say that Klump had won in the battle between talent and hard work and his natural enemies. Alpheas was proud and respectful of such a friend.

“This is what I think when I get old, but genius is just an illusion. Just doing something a little better. Will the boy be able to comfort me?”

"That's it, don't you know better?"

Alpheas smiled and walked to the window. Does it come like this in the end? Does it mean that his talent, which had to be let go due to the barrier of his status, bypassed the time of five years and reappeared in front of him?

I believed there was no destiny in the world. The future of human beings can only be pioneered by human beings.

But Alpheas suddenly got goosebumps. maybe really... … What do you mean destiny?

“I’ll have Sirone enrolled.”

learn magic (1)

Spring has arrived. Flowers were also in full bloom in the garden of Vincent's cottage.

For six months after her admission to the magic school was confirmed, Sirone spent a good time with her parents.

When I go to school, I live in a dormitory, so I wanted to do as much work as possible with my family.

After going to the woods with my father, when I returned home, I had a delicious dinner prepared by my mother and chatted.

Vincent did not tell anyone about Sirone's success. He wanted to shout loudly at his friends who ignored him because he had a weak son, but he didn't want to embarrass Shirone by making useless enemies.

Sirone was grateful for such a father. The reason why the Ogent family stubbornly refused even the offer to rent a house in the city was the parents' heart not to burden their children.

The happy days flew by, and finally the day of entering the magic school arrived.

While Temuran, the sub-butler, waited outside leading the carriage, Sirone said goodbye to her parents.

“Father, I will go. I will write letters often.”

“Yes, my son! work hard! Come on, kiss!”

When Vincent pursed his lips, Sirone's smile hardened. No matter how young she looked, kissing her father at the age of 18 was a bit embarrassing.

“Father, no matter what, kiss me now.”

“Ugh! Otherwise Dad will!”

“Ugh.”

As her father approached with thick lips, Sirone shrank. However, Vincent passionately kissed Sirone's forehead, not his lips, and hugged her back.

“Sirone, I am proud of you.”

As soon as she was held in Vincent's arms, Sirone felt that any anxiety remaining in her heart disappeared.

“I’m coming.”

As he left the house with a greeting like no other, Temuran was waiting in front of the stable.

“Get on. I was ordered to drive you to school.”

"thank you."

The two of them were silent until they arrived at school. It was true that the position was reversed in just two years, so it was uncomfortable.

But Sirone hadn't forgotten. That he had taken his side despite the checks from Deacon Lewis.

Arriving at the main gate of the magic academy, Temuran politely dropped off Sirone. He was a place where nobles went, so he had no choice but to care about the attention of others.

“You will pay for the textbooks, including the admission fee, through me. Don't worry about the financial part, you just study hard.”

Sirone was equally polite to Temuran.

“Sub-deacon, thank you so much.”

“I just do what I have to do.”

“But I haven’t said goodbye yet. Thanks to you looking at me well, I was able to enter the magic school. I will never forget this grace.”

Temuran thought for a moment and then said.

“No matter how much a commoner runs and jumps, he is still a commoner. You can't go beyond the nobility.”

When Sirone raised his head, Temuran continued to speak with a serious look in his eyes.

“But this opportunity is not given to just everyone. Probably many nobles will look down on you. Even so, be patient and patient. As long as you can endure it to the end, there is an end in the end.”

It was an advice typical of Temuran who was born in an orphan and even became a sub-deacon. The truth lies in the simple. If you can endure it to the end, there is an end in the end.

"thank you. I will definitely become a wizard.”

Temuran laughed. It was the first time he saw his smile in the two years we've been together.

“If you are ready, follow me. Bocchan is listed as a guest of the Ogent family and has entered the special screening process. Let me introduce you.”

At the main gate of the magic school, there were guards just like they did six years ago. I don't know if it's the same as the guard who chased Sirone out like an insect, but even if the person changes, the philosophy of the place will remain the same.

“What are you doing?”

“This is Sirone-sama, who entered the magic academy this time. Here is your admission certificate and documents proving your identity in the Ogent family.”

The security guard who checked the admission certificate did not even dare to look at the ID card.

It was because it was clear that they were people of a much higher position than themselves as long as they could cross this threshold anyway.

“Ah, that's right. It's an honor to meet you. My name is Marco, who is in charge of guarding the front gate. I wish you well in the future.”

As the guard bent down, the guard standing next to him also raised his right arm on his stomach and saluted.

Sirone was dumbfounded at the treatment, which was different from six years ago, but soon realized the reality and smiled.

“Then I will go. If you ever need anything, look for me.”

After receiving the documents from Temuran, Sirone took her first step as a magic school student.

The moment I crossed the threshold of the front gate, my heart was pounding. Alpheas Magic School, called the cradle of geniuses. What will you learn and who will you meet?

Sorceress Sirone's life had just begun.

* * *

The magic school was using the entire 75.425 square kilometer mountain area. There are a total of 22 buildings, and only 40 basic training grounds have passed.

The total number of students was 420 and the number of teachers was 32. With a scale of this size, it could be said to be the best school in the kingdom, both in name and reality.

When I entered the building where the reception desk was located, neat and beautiful students were walking around in groups of twos and threes.

Various maps, establishment history, and curriculum were attached to the walls. While waiting after submitting the documents, Sirone spent her time going through them.

Alpheas Magic School adopts a system called Class Ten. Ten to eight classes were the basic classes, seven to four classes were the advanced classes, and three to one classes were the senior classes.

The only graduating class that applied relative evaluation had a maximum of 30 students, and only 10 of them were graduates.

Sirone stuck her tongue out at Alpheas' strict graduation method. He was talking about 20 talented people being weeded out every year, given the fact that graduate tests only happen once a year.

“You are Sirone.”

Alpheas, the head of the magic school, personally visited Sirone.

Sirone was taken aback by the fact that he hadn't changed at all from six years ago. However, considering that this is a magic school that destroys common sense, it was not so surprising.

"hello. This is Sirone.”

“I think we are old friends? Do you remember me?”

There's no way I can't remember It was the incident that made Sirone dream of becoming a wizard for the first time in her life.

"yes. At that time, I was really grateful.”

"okay. Anyway, let's talk about it gradually, let's go for now. I have to take the entrance test.”

Sirone was taken aback when he was told that he would have to take an exam as soon as he entered school. What kind of test is she doing when she hasn't learned anything yet?

“Nothing to worry about. It's an evaluation to determine the class. Can you do Spirit Zone?”

“Yes, I can.”

“Ho! I see."

I knew he was a gifted and smart kid. But even so, it was difficult for her to master the Spirit Zone by herself.

Actually, it was Alfeas himself who taught Sirone the Spirit Zone, but I never thought that a 12-year-old would have succeeded after one attempt.

That thought was still the same today. It was for this reason that Sirone was the last to be admitted among the new students.

Since there are many families that require magic training from birth, many of the students enrolled were less than 10 years old. No matter how old he was, he was no older than 14.

Therefore, the time was adjusted so that the 18-year-old Sirone would not lose face.

'I should teach you from the basics. It's partly because my eyes are dark, but it's a waste. I wish I had started a little earlier.'

Alpheas guided Sirone to the test site. If I had arrived now, I would have been in the middle of testing other children, so my gait was relaxed. 

When I entered the building with the intention of giving her a tour, Sirone's mouth fell open. There was a completely different world from what I had seen so far. 

Countless students were using magic. Even though it was a basic class building, the children's extraordinary stunts disturbed the eyes.

A girl floating on the 4th floor was talking with a friend through a window, while a child was reading three books at the same time with three books spread in the air.

Alpheas looked sideways at Sirone's reaction and laughed like a mischief. It was because the dimension was different from now on. 

When I entered Class 7, the age of the students rose dramatically. He didn't use strange magic like children, but his eyes were full of intelligence and he was so engrossed in the conversation that he didn't know who was passing by.

“Enough convective energy to bring the atmosphere below freezing? Wouldn’t it be more efficient to condense the refrigerant?”

“However, it has the disadvantage of not being able to promote a reversible reaction. How about something like this? If instead of reversing the direction of the energy, we rotate the time axis... … .”

Sirone was terrified when he heard the students' conversation. He had no idea what the discussion was about.

At that moment, an intense noise was heard from the end of the hallway. As the door was ripped open, the female student covered her ears and ran out.

The students looked back with a surprised expression for a moment, but quickly went back to their daily routine. Judging from the reaction, it seemed that this was a common occurrence here.

The deaf female student found Alpheas and exclaimed happily.

“Ah, Headmaster! hello!"

“Heh heh, yes. It seems there is a problem.”

“It's a sound amplification experiment, but there must have been an error in the output circuit. I think we need to redo the design.”

“It is important to balance input and output. The key is to keep the electrical power even.”

“Yes, I will try again.”

The female student adjusted her glasses and entered the laboratory. Children of the same age were having a discussion in a strange magic circle.

Sirone realized how small a well she had been confined to. Everyone looked like geniuses.

On the bulletin board, the grades of 270 students in the advanced class were written down. 42 students were listed in Class 4, the highest in the advanced class, and the first place was named Karmis Amy.

'and. As expected, the Karmis family is number one.'

Based on her experience working for the Ogent family, Sirone had memorized at least a few famous noble families. If it was Karmis, it was the 1st rank of the aristocrats who had their home in the city of Creas.

However, Sirone did not get scared from the start. Literally infinite competition. I want to compete. I wanted to challenge myself to see how far I could go. 

“Hey, Amy! Go with me!”

Sirone turned her head. He said it was Amy. It was an opportunity to see first place in Class Four. Red-haired beautiful girl hugging her book and waiting for her friend.

"what?"

Sirone's heart suddenly jumped. trauma. Emotions took precedence over memories. After a while, I remembered who she was.

It was the girl who bullied him in the back alley six years ago.

---------------------------------------