[210] 4. Heaven's Truth (4)

“I don't understand. Why do you have a contract like this? I understand that Ingris' caretaker cannot meddle in the affairs of heaven. But you also follow the law. Selling one's life to a heretic wouldn't be a normal mission.”

The caretaker blinked blankly.

“You are very straightforward. Usually, you know this but pretend not to know. good anyway I took Ingris librarian because I have the ability to pick up concepts. for tens of thousands of years What could this mean? can't do anything here So i need words To get out of here.”

It was an absurd sound. However, it was not impossible in theory.

Mara's lifespan will be close to eternal life. She doesn't know how much is left, but if she puts the words together, she will get there someday.

"So you're trying to become the Akashic Record yourself."

"Ho Ho! That's right! I realized while controlling the information here. I can be a god too But one is missing! That I only took out information about getting out of here. have to fill it up! So Ethan is my main customer. If only I could get out of here, I would be greater than Ra!”

Harvest spoke through the mental channel.

-Kanis, this woman is dangerous.

Kanis's thoughts were also a bit tasteless.

One day, the words will be put together to complete the Akashic Records, but no one knows when.

Of course, the feelings were understandable. 

If he had stayed in the library for tens of thousands of years, he would have gone mad.

Madness gradually seeped from the caretaker's eyes.

“Are you going to do it or not? It's been a long time since I've been in the middle of a long time. Do you have any other ulterior motives?”

A bluish aura ran through Mara's body. Her strong hostility came through.

If you don't trade, it's a battle. But can we win? If you die here, your friends' efforts will be in vain.

-Kanis, this is a dangerous job. You have to be careful.

Canis also guessed the risk now.

The suggestion that one could live longer by selling a single word was tempting for any human being.

Honestly, when I first received the offer, the first thing that came to my mind was myself and Arin. 

What would the world be envious of if lifespan increased to 300 years?

But they didn't. 

The Unlockers who came here 200 years ago increased the lifespan of the cardum as contracted and returned to the original world.

The reason was simple.

Because you have to reveal your name.

It was the same reason why Canis didn't risk his life.

Is it really safe to tell Mara, who can control all information, her name?

When he learned the word canis, he had no idea what kind of request the half-insane Mara would make.

- I know. But I can't wait forever. The mecha system must also be turned off.

As Kanis remained silent, the caretaker's face contorted like a monster.

It was just before the runaway.

'Even if it's a piece of Mara, a head-on confrontation is at a disadvantage. I have no choice but to waste time signing a contract.'

I didn't think anything serious would happen if I passed one word. 

However, those who came 200 years ago said it was definitely not a lucrative business.

It was said that it suffered a huge loss considering that the officer's influence on history was inevitable.

'Anyway, they made a deal. that's for sure What the hell happens when you sell a word?'

Canis imagined the situation 200 years ago. He couldn't think of anything.

Then a thought struck me. Obviously, if Master had come to Ingris, what kind of choice would he have made?

'I see! That was it!'

Canis directed the operation.

- I'll try to drag the time. You look for the panel with the serial number written on the memo. something will be written

- What are you going to do? Even if it's an enhancement method of dark magic, it's not something you can do right away.

- No. Master must have known that Ingris had a caretaker. Still, leaving only the serial number might not be what we were looking for.

- I see. okay. But the number is complicated and it will take a while to find it.

Harvest, who disappeared in Canis' shadow, was absorbed into the darkness and escaped to another place.

“Okay, let’s make a deal.”

When Canis said as if she had given up, the caretaker's face instantly brightened.

“Good idea! So who? Shall I extend your life?”

"no. It’s Kadum again.”

“Oh, yes? I don’t know who that person is, but I’m very blessed.”

"Instead of… … This time, instead of increasing it, return it to its original state. If it was Ingris, would it be possible?”

The janitor blinked as if he was dumbfounded. 

It was the first time that people asked for a lifespan to be restored, even though there were many people asking for a lifespan increase.

An evil smile spread across her lips.

"It's gonna be fun. Do you think something happened?”

Kanis responded with the same smile.

Kergo's chief, Kadum, is starving his tribesmen to death for his eternal life. Canis, who knew the pain of starvation, didn't like him.

He is a human who has lived for more than 300 years with the money he extorted from the tribesmen anyway.

You should think that it's fortunate that you don't kill it right away and return it to its original lifespan.

"Good good. I like things like this.”

The janitor banged frantically on the central control unit.

Canis pretended to like her and watched what she was doing. I'm not familiar with the machine, but once I looked at it, it would be helpful later.

“Okay, that’s it. I restored life to its original state. Of course, there are some differences from person to person. Because it's different to accept time. Still, this person probably won't live long. If you subtract 300 years, you’re almost at your biological limit?”

"doesn't care. You lived long enough.”

“Ho-ho-ho! I've lived a lot for a human being. Well then... … .”

Canis stepped back in surprise. Suddenly, the manager's eyes changed.

I expected it to some extent, but I got goosebumps when I saw the sudden change in my mental state. I just hoped that Harvest would move a little faster.

“Contract complete! Shall we take away the words then?”

“Keugh!”

Sensing a headache, Canis frowned. I don't know what kind of ability it is, but it's an out-of-regulation.

The problem was that it was a contract, not a price. 

If it is a rule out of mutual contract, even if cancellation is impossible, it does not violate the equivalent exchange.

"shit! Didn't I choose the words?"

“Knock! Of course! I'm just going to look at the liver. huh? It's okay. Let's see what words you have. oh, this is good I like this too! I’m going crazy because I like everything!”

Seeing the janitor screaming with an ecstatic expression, Canis corrected her misunderstanding.

It's not to the extent that it's slightly tasteless. It was similar to the obsession seen in number-crazy nerds.

-Harvest, are you still far away?

- Wait! I found the second item.

The second serial number meant that there was still a long way to go.

Kanis was thinking of pulling time with magic. 

But the magic didn't work. When I came up with any concept of her, she immediately deleted it.

'damn. It was this ability.'

Eating out of the manager's regulations, the 'editing department in the head' can edit the thoughts of the contracted subject at will.

The ability that the caretaker casts on Canis is called 'recommendation', which is to edit and propose his thoughts.

If you activate the right of veto, you can regain your original thoughts, but the fact that logical thinking is impossible for a short time was fatal to the battle.

"how is it? Are you out of your mind? eye. anger. colleague. Concentration. What else should I edit?”

“Damn it!”

Kanis gritted his teeth to keep from losing his thoughts. It was as if a part of his head was empty, as the linguistic structures associated with it collapsed each time a word escaped.

“Knock-knock! Got it now? How important is a single word? 200 years ago that man sold me the word mosquito! Hate it or what! So do you know what happened?”

- Harvest!

- Almost found! It's the last item!

Canis couldn't come to her senses. 

Even if he exercised the right to veto, he was on the verge of losing his consciousness as he made up his mind and messed up.

Satisfied enough, the caretaker grabbed Canis by the neck and lifted her up.

Despite looking weak, Mara's physical strength surpassed Tabu.

“The human went mad after having nightmares about mosquitoes for days. can you imagine It comes out in a dream, but he doesn't know what it is. He wouldn't be able to endure any human being without going mad. Crunchy!”

Canis realized how distorted history can be.

Wasn't it a lucrative business? they lost a friend The value of a single word is life after all.

"fraud… … It's the same.”

"oh? Because he also had plans behind him.”

The caretaker turned his head while holding Canis by the neck.

All the panels in the seat Harvest had swept away had come off. He probably looked through the panels to find a word he didn't know, and then tried to sell it.

“Huh, I used my head quite a bit. But that's impossible. The words you can sell are only those that have been given a meaning. You explained it that way earlier. You don't have the ability to learn, do you?”

Kanis's face turned black. Her blood wasn't getting to her brain.

“Now, why don’t you put it down and get comfortable? Or will I die here?”

-Ha, Harvest... … .

- Found it! Canis!

Harvest fumbled with the record written on the glass plate. 

Because he felt the world through vibrations, the sentences written on the board permeated through the mental channel.

Canis' half-turned pupils returned to their original position.

“Okay, skip the words.”

“Huh, you made a good choice. Now, what words will come out?”

'Recommendation' is clearly a powerful ability. But the real fear was in 'coercion'.

It is activated by a contract and permanently takes away the words suggested by the opponent, and the aftermath is directly related to life.

The caretaker waited for Canis' answer with mad eyes.

A situation where you have to come up with one word even though you know it's crazy.

It was the most thrilling moment for her.

"you… … .”

The caretaker's brow furrowed slightly. I don't like words that start with euro.

"you. Re. card."

Canis immediately fell to the floor. Grabbing his neck and holding his breath, he raised his head to see the caretaker trembling with a pale face.

"you… … How, my name... … .”

What was written on the serial number panel left by Arcane had nothing to do with dark magic.

Mara fever.

Among them, it was a record related to Eureka, the manager of Ingris.

Eureka wasn't crazy from the start. 

Rather, it was a decent mara that entered the heads of intellectuals and edited their thoughts to help them come up with ideas.

Perhaps tens of thousands of years of loneliness had brought her to this point.

"Oh, no! It can't end like this!"

Kanis knew Eureka and forgot it. 

In the end, the current situation is that Eureka, which cannot exist, exists, so it has no choice but to disappear according to the law of cause and effect.

"no! Just a little more! I could have been a god! call me! Tell me who I am!”

"I'm sorry… … .”

Kanis said with a faint smile.

“I don’t know who you are.”

Shock lingered in Eureka's eyes. Her pupils flipped over, and a scream filled with screams ran up Ingris' wall.

When Eureka disappeared, the rule eating out was released, and Canis was able to regain the concept.

“Whoa, I really can’t even do this.”

Canis sat down. If Harvest had found the information a little later, she would have left for the other world.

Oh, was this the other world?

“Canis, are you okay?”

“Oh, okay. If you rest a little, your mental strength will recover.”

Ingris, who had lost her owner, was cold.

Canis looked at the spot where Eureka had disappeared. Loneliness was a painful word for him too.

Harvest spoke as if representing that mindset.

“I must have been lonely. To rot in a place like this for tens of thousands of years.”

“Mara said it was only resetting. In the next life, I will be able to live a better life than now.”

After a silence that resembled silence, Harvest spoke.

“By the way, Kanis, there is one fact I should tell you. Upon hearing the word Eureka, Arcane's memories were partially revived. It must have been some kind of keyword.”

Realizing something, Canis jumped up.

---------------------------------------