[258] The Truth Revealed (3)

Nade came out. She's the kind of person who likes to hang out with all the students, but since she's in this situation, she can't help but take sides.

“You guys, stop now. Of course, it's shocking that Sirone is a commoner, but that doesn't mean he lied on purpose. If I had asked, I would have been honest. Because Sirone has such a personality. It’s not good for students from the same school to attack each other for things outside of competition.”

"compete? don't bullshit A commoner, a commoner! Are you friends with commoners outside? that's not it! How can you accept Sirone when you are also in the position of being helped by many commoners in your family?”

Nade sighed.

I couldn't understand the language, so it was useless to try to convince him.

Of course, there was some truth in James' words, and it wasn't that their feelings were incomprehensible.

But what? Sirone was already his most precious friend, and he never wanted to see him sad.

James thought that Iruki and Nade had already taken a bean pod against Sirone, so he changed his target to Dante.

“Dante! you say something Of these, you are the one who gets the most heat. Because I was humiliated like that by a commoner!”

Dante put on a puzzled expression.

“I’m pissed, but are there any commoners or nobles? I just lost because I lost.”

He was the first to reveal his feelings about the confrontation, but even he was plain.

James finally realized what was going on.

It's Dante's group and Sirone's group, and they don't want to get entangled with the middle-ranking group.

It was clear that he was ignoring reality, as if he would be on the same level as himself if he spoke badly of Sirone.

James lowered his head and swayed, then fired impatiently.

“Was it like that after all? Do you all want to fuck Sirone? Because no one can beat Sirone at school anymore! If you take the side of Sirone, you will think that you look amazing too, right? There is no difference between you and me. In the end, it's just the same loser!”

Dante said, spinning the ice in the iced coffee.

“That went a little too far. I lost, but why are you excited?”

“You are the one who doesn’t pretend! To be honest, I can't stand it. Does it make sense to lose so miserably and be okay? say it. You were beaten so badly by Sirone that you passed out. What are you thinking about living?”

“Because these kids want to see you!”

Closer couldn't stand it and left. Before Dante's defeat, the children who hadn't even met eyes were running amok.

"it's okay. stop."

After drying the closer, Dante looked up at the ceiling. And after thinking for a while, he slowly opened his mouth.

"if… … What if the design of the automaton had been simplified a bit?”

James's expression distorted at the sudden noise.

"what? What nonsense are you talking about all of a sudden?”

“Pascal's circuitry should have been a little more intuitive. For example, it would have been better if the roles were distributed in this way, attack if it was offense and defense if it was defense. Could it be that there were too many types of basic magic? If I had only used the wind cutter without the fireball, my mobility would have increased.”

Dante's nonstop words made the students look dazed.

Iruki and Nade listened intently.

Certainly, if it had unfolded that way, the game would have changed a little bit.

James, on the other hand, was tight-lipped and trembling with rage.

Dante stood up with a cup of coffee and approached him.

"If you ask me what I'm thinking about, all I can think about is magic. Because I go to magic school. What are you really thinking about? Whether Sirone is a commoner or an aristocrat, what does that have to do with your magic?”

James' face turned red.

As the shame surged in, I felt like I wanted to leave and run away at any moment.

However, I couldn't show such ugliness in front of my juniors.

He, who had been pushed back by logic, acted forcefully this time.

“Shut up, shut up! How about you? You didn't even kneel to Sirone. I'd rather kill him or something, but he shouted loudly, and he's still alive!”

Closer's eyes went cold.

“James, do you want to die?”

James was frightened and startled, but the words had already come out.

Besides, Closer was the one who was beaten by Iruki, so he couldn't use force here.

“It's true! say it! What are you if you are not a person who is different from the outside?”

Dante was silent for a moment.

It wasn't really a deep thought. I was just waiting for Sirone's voice to end.

"that is… … .”

Dante said lightly.

“I couldn’t die. Dying is scary.”

“What, what?”

Iruki burst out laughing.

I'm not laughing at Dante.

Dying is, of course, scary for anyone. As Sirone said, it's because he's just a human being.

I don't like Dante, but I liked his automaton-like personality.

“I really fought with the determination to die, but when it turned out like this, I couldn’t die. That's all. I don't want to get down on my knees."

James lost his temper.

Dante and the others and Sirone and the others couldn't understand what they were thinking about. In his eyes, everyone looked like a psychopath.

"haha! ok, now i get it You loser guy! In the end, he gave a tail to Sirone. You were a child who didn't even have the courage to die from the start! Why don't we go back to that prestigious Royal Magic School?”

Closer made a serious decision to dump James.

It's true that until now, I've been discouraged by the aftermath of defeat, and I've been reluctant to beat someone up. But he couldn't just let the guy who insulted Dante go.

“Dante, stop interfering now.”

Closer patted his fist and approached James.

But this time, Dante stopped the closer.

"it's okay. This is also the fate of losers. You can't prove it.”

Closer made an expression that he was going crazy because he was unfair.

“Dante… … .”

But Dante was really good.

James' voice was just noise. Words with no meaning.

Didn't he drop out of school at a young age because he hated children who were passionate about other people's affairs without even having time to look back on themselves?

Dante responded with a smile to the excited James.

“And James, I am not going back to the Royal Academy of Witchcraft and Wizardry. I will continue to attend Alpheas Magic School, and I will graduate here.”

Closer forgot the resentment he had just a moment ago and raised his eyes in surprise.

It was a sudden remark, considering that he hadn't even said a word about his future plans.

Sabina asked in disbelief.

“Dante, really? I still haven't got a definite answer whether Master Olivia will accept the position of vice principal.”

“It has nothing to do with Master. If Sirone is here, of course I should stay too.”

A light of joy lit up in Closer's eyes.

“You mean to wage a revenge battle? good! When are you going to do it?”

“That is not my decision. I've already lost, but I don't want to force myself. But I still have one chance to make up for it. Can’t we give up that opportunity and transfer schools?”

"huh? A chance?”

Dante looked back at Iruki and said.

“Graduation exam. It is a gateway that no magic school student can avoid. Of course, Sirone will also take the graduation exam.”

Iruki nodded as if it were natural.

"of course."

Dante was at last relieved.

There were still a few variables to consider, but it was rather refreshing to declare them according to the flow of the situation.

As Sirone said, he is just a human being. He doesn't have to obsess over trivial odds.

Dante intended to start over from there.

“Closer, I will take my graduation exam here. And I will definitely beat Sirone and graduate with first place.”

Closer flexed his muscles and shouted loudly.

"good! Definitely win this time! Let’s start special training from today!”

Nade said while pulling Iruki.

"haha! Can I get first place that easily? Do you think we'll just hang out?"

Dante nodded his head as if acknowledging it.

It was true that Nade and Iruki were rivals as strong as Shirone.

“Yeah, go for it. No. 1 will be mine anyway.”

Dante said to James, who was standing in a borrowed bag of barley.

“You prepare hard too. After all, you have to graduate to become a wizard, right?"

James didn't answer. He just walked out of the canteen with his head down.

The students who had been gossiping about Sirone so far noticed each other and quietly followed suit. Sirone and the others were daunting, but when Dante and the others were said to be competing in the advanced class, it was already dark.

Dante threw the finished coffee into the trash and walked to the door.

“We are going. Tell Sirone that you won't lose next time.”

Iruki snorted and said.

“How about doing it yourself?”

Dante paused and looked up at the ceiling.

“Well, whatever. when the time comes later.”

Then, as if nothing had happened, I opened the door and left.

The cool personality that doesn't take anything seriously seems to be her nature.

Then suddenly the door opened again and Sabina entered.

She glared at Nade, pursed her lips, and then, as if determined, strode forward.

Now that Dante has decided to make a comeback, he has to overcome his fear of Nade.

Sabina's eyes widened as Nade pulled his neck back.

He knew she was afraid of him after the lynching. Of course, it is true that she insulted her family, but she was sorry that the fear of death had been imprinted on her.

“Everything, next time we meet, I won’t leave you alone.”

I could imagine how much courage Sabina must have had to say this.

Nade decided to forgive.

I wasn't particularly interested in the magician's license, but I wanted to have a fair competition until graduation.

Nade said with a smile.

“Okay, let’s compete properly next time.”

"joy."

Sabina ran out of the concession stand, blushing. Her heart thumped at her confidence that she had done it.

Iruki blankly watched as Sabina left.

“What, all of a sudden?”

I couldn't figure out what the conversation between the two meant because I didn't know everything.

Even Nade, who normally should have spoken first, kept his mouth shut.

"What? what's the matter? maybe you... … Are you a little like Sabina?”

Nade shook his hand in amazement.

"no! Sabina... … Oh, I don't know. There is just such a thing.”

Seeing that he didn't want to say anything, Iruki didn't ask any more questions.

Whatever the relationship between Sabina and Nade was, it was the circumstances of the parties.

Of course, personally, I wanted to actively support it. Sabina isn't to her liking, but she's all right if she can drive out her revenant that has settled in Nade's mind.

"okay. Anyway, let's go buy it quickly. Sirone, I will wait for you.”

@

Supernatural Psychic Research Society.

In the lab where her friends left, Sirone was lost in thought.

On the sofa was the Spirit magazine Nade had brought, and Sirone's eyes stayed on the page with the interview article of her parents.

“Ha, why… … .”

Sirone couldn't believe what had just happened.

Of course, I am not ashamed of being the child of a commoner, and I am proud of being the son of my parents.

But now, Sirone was at an age where she knew the world to some extent.

There were many friends at the magic school who were clear-minded, so they hadn't experienced any particular crisis, but the world's gaze would have been different.

I wanted to meet my parents. How are you two feeling right now?

Even the father must have known that it would not be good if his son's identity was revealed.

How did the alternative kill line make the confession?

I will not be able to forgive her if a coercive method has been used.

'I hope my mother doesn't get hurt.'

Since it was published in a magazine published throughout the kingdom, it seemed that permission would be denied if he submitted a leave of absence even now.

Above all, if it was Principal Alpheas, he would think of it as if it were his own business.

---------------------------------------