reroread(2)

The pure smile of the operator caught on the display board came as a twist to the users.

It was far from the beauty that was sublimated into a god in everyone's imagination... … .

“It is pretty.”

I could laugh just like them.

"huh. pretty."

As Yahweh2 removed his arm, the operator who had stumbled back slowly raised his head.

“I lost. and solar conduction. Perhaps by the time you resurrect, everything will be over... …

High gear overloaded.

“Enjoy it until the end.”

As the engine exploded, her body was scattered into fragments and disappeared.

“Whoaaaa!”

Users in Dongguk let out a cheer.

"rush! Charge into the Sun Palace!”

Since it is a system that can be resurrected, the end of the solar war was always the annihilation of one side.

As the balance of power collapsed rapidly, the number of users in Seoguk decreased by 100 units.

Users from the same country swayed like huge waves and completely occupied the Palace of the Sun.

"arrive! Arrival!”

Although it is the 3rd camp, because it belongs to the golden ring, the Demon God of Destruction 707 was able to enter the interior.

“Come on, you bastards!”

I shouted out loud and looked inside, but the rankers of the West Country of America were nowhere to be seen.

The only surviving little witch raised her hands while surrounded.

"surrender. I will surrender, so don't kill me. It's still a long way for rankers to resurrect anyway.”

Death is common, but Uorin wanted to stay until the end to watch over Sirone.

"I'm sorry."

Yolgha's son held the gun.

“Because I can’t leave the variables behind. Making sure things are done is the golden ring’s motto.”

As I was aiming at my forehead as if waiting for the penetration test, the little witch murmured.

“… … you bastard.”

Fermi laughed cheerfully.

“Please visit us again next time.”

Fermi was much more comfortable dealing with Urin than Sirone or Operator.

'Because it's not the truth.'

A single gunshot went off and the little witch fell backwards.

Finally, when all the rankers of the West Country disappeared from the Sun Palace, all that was left was occupation.

Fermi, who confirmed the coming of Yahweh 2 through video, said to the Demon God of Destruction 707 and the others.

“Uh.] You guys.”

"yes? yes!"

When the head of the guild called, those who belonged to the 3rd group came running nervously.

“Would you like to try it?”

"What?"

Fermi pointed to the low gear on the solar furnace.

“I mean occupation.”

If you enter the user code in the low gear on the siege side, the victory or defeat of the solar war will be decided.

Conversely, it was a system in which the defending side had to endure for 24 hours to win.

“Me, me?”

Therefore, when the situation was not urgent, most of the people who occupied low gear were rankers.

"okay. Since he belongs to the golden ring anyway, he can acquire the qualifications of the 1st Mercury Guild.”

“But there are also rankers... …

"haha! are you okay. Because they are all my employees.”

The gold ring was a pro for making money, so the honor of the solar war was fine.

"furthermore… …

Fermi remembered Sirone.

'I mean he'll like it.'

If you're not 100% satisfied, even if you're 99% good, it's the customer who complains.

Death Princess said.

"let's do it. When will I have a chance like this? All the users of High Gear are calling us

I will pay attention.”

“Is that right?”

Even at this moment, the video must be spinning, so the Destroyer Demon 707 straightened his back.

“Then I… …

With the Princess Death and the strongest code name on his left and right, he headed for low gear.

'It's chilly.'

Does it feel like everything is clear but you can't feel anything?

The one who represents Dongguk, God of Destruction 707.

'This is the weight of the crown.'

Suddenly realizing what he was feeling, he stopped walking and smiled.

“Whoops.”

The corners of his lips quivered.

'This I... … Do you feel fear?' Death Princess whispered.

"What are you doing? I mean everyone is watching If I'm not going to do it, will I?"

“I will, I will.”

After taking a deep breath, Destruction Demon God 707 opened the core of the low gear and held out his hand.

When I put my palms together, the gauge that changed the user of the low gear rose quickly.

“Oohhh!”

Princess Death whispered, thinking that she would die of embarrassment.

“You don’t have to scream.”

While the strongest codename smiled, a message appeared on the screen of the low gear.

-Complete user switch. Codename Destruction Demon God 707. The power of the low gear is sent to the same country.

All the users in Dongguk who wanted to hear the last word raised their hands.

“I won!”

Bullets cut through the sky, and the Demon Demons of Destruction 707 and the others embraced each other and ran around.

When Yolga's son looked back, Yahweh 2, who had just arrived, was smiling.

'Great.'

Fermi, who confirmed by his expression that he was satisfied, let out a sigh of relief.

'Now help me too.'

- The solar war has ended. With operator privilege, all users will be resurrected with charging completed.

The world was bathed in light.

Users from the East country gathered at the Palace of the Sun, and users from the West country resurrected on the outskirts of the plateau.

-The Solar War rankings are aggregated.

The ranking considering cumulative damage and number of user destructions rose from 1st to 100th.

There was no Yahweh 2.

“It’s a waste. He is the protagonist of this solar war.”

“It ended too early. If it had been over 12 hours like before, it would have been enough to be ranked.”

Sirone didn't care, and after a while a message came from the operator.

-it's me. resurrected

-okay.

- As promised, I will help you with your work. But before that, I have something to announce. I'm going to delete the codename.

Sirone didn't respond.

- Even if it's only 10 days in real life, the content changes a lot in High Gear. It is difficult to maintain rankings. To work with you in real life, that's right.

Now that Sirone has become attached to high gear, he is not happy.

- Sorry, because of me.

-are you okay. Because the undefeated record was broken anyway. When I come back later, I also want to start over.

The communication ended like that, and the operator announced it to the world with the authority of the operator.

“I am the operator.”

At the sound of a ringing sound from the sky, all users from Dongguk in the Palace of the Sun came out.

“There were many issues in this solar war. More than anything else, my defeat will be the focus.”

It was quiet.

“Coming to think of it, a lot happened in high gear. It is a memory that cannot be replaced with anything.”

At the nuance of saying goodbye, the rankers also recalled the times they spent with her.

“Now I want to start anew. But before that, I have something to tell you.”

Notice paused for a moment.

It would be a big decision for the operator as well, so users could wait forever.

“As of this time, I… … That moment.

- After a while, an event will occur.

A system message blocked her voice.

"what?"

Amid the whispers of the users, the landscape on the horizon began to distort horribly.

'I'm tearing the code.'

- New episodes. Dr. Martin's Counterattack. He will descend to take away the sun forever.

Huge pupils stared at them from a hideous crack on the horizon.

"eye?"

The next moment, the eye broke through the landscape, revealing the face of Dr. Martin, made of scrap metal.

“At last the time has come! Foolish creatures of blood! I will make you pay for betraying God!”

The ground vibrated with just the sound.

With users unable to grasp the situation, the operator's conference room became noisy.

“Stop it quickly! You didn't even notice! Besides, what else is Dr. Martin's counterattack?”

“It's not the event I originally planned. Number seven who can do this.

“Whatever it is, finish it!”

said the black circle mark.

“Most of the operator rights are blocked. It's a program that's been put a lot of effort into making it. It is impenetrable right now.”

"??????what?"

Operators confirmed.

I accessed the code with my own authority, but only a message saying that approval was not allowed appeared.

“Such a madman… …

In a dark space, where hundreds of screens were floating, Number Seven was standing alone.

After checking everything that happened in high gear, he entered the final authorization code.

“This service ends.”

Dr. Martin's machine, which took all of High Gear's designs, entered the world.

Seeing the operator's face reflected on the screen, Number Seven bit his lip.

“Are you going to quit?”

What have we done so far?

“No, you can never quit. So look carefully. The world of high gear... …

The world you loved the most.

“How can I abandon you?”

A roar erupted as Dr. Martin broke through the scenery and struck the ground with both fists.

“Finally, I have achieved my great ambition! I'll destroy the low gear! Eternal life is over!”

The lower body was not visible.

Only the upper body, which penetrated the code, lay on the horizon like the dawning sun.

"what? What's the new event like? How do you make power when the low gear is destroyed?”

- Start a new episode.

Dr. Martin's facial expression twisted as his facial muscles were patched up with all sorts of iron structures.

"die."

A beam from one eye ran while scratching the ground and burned the users of Seoguk.

"damage!"

Despite the quick response, 42 people disappeared, and after a while, the little witch received a message.

After receiving the report, she told the operator.

“Connection not possible.”

"what?"

“If you die, you get kicked out of high gear. I don't know what caused it, but it said it couldn't connect.”

The operator sent a message to the operator who finally felt that it was not serious.

?It's a big deal! I think Number Seven is thinking of ending High Gear. The operators are also tied up.

"this… …

Before he could utter a word of rage, Dr. Martin scraped the ground with his second beam.

“Keugh!”

The number of deaths was lower than before, but Seoguk's camp collapsed uncontrollably.

The voice of Yahweh 2 was heard.

"operator!"

Sirone, who arrived with users from the same country, stopped running as if sliding.

"What happened?"

“It's an emergency. One of the operators raised a half flag. At this rate, the High Gear service will end.”

All conversations they had were delivered to users on the continent through bulletin boards.

cried Dr. Martin.

“Hahaha! Yeah, I wouldn't dare to dare! In that case, I will get rid of the sun palace right now!”

Users groaned.

“Where is this law? I've been collecting parts as I've been through so many hardships! We have to stop it quickly!”

“How to stop it? Can't you see the level?

Does level 3,300 make sense? furthermore… …

Users who checked the durability through augmented reality showed tired expressions.

-72,000,000/72,000,000

"you can do it."

Sirone said.

“If users from East and West countries work together, we can catch it. It can't end like this!”

"okay. fight.”

The operator turned around and shouted.

“All-in-one combat readiness! We will take down Dr. Martin and defend the Sun Palace! All users watching this video, please come to Zeta Plateau!”

Clap! Clap!

Dongguk and Seoguk loaded their bullets at the same time.