[370] Special Training (5)

Flew rummaged through the box again and pulled out the heavy drone with both hands.

As it flies with magnetic force coordinated with the training ground, the change in trajectory is extreme, so it is suitable for induction experiments.

“I’ll do it in the first step. Get used to your senses.”

Sirone pointed a laser pointer at the drone. When Flew flipped the switch, the drone vibrated, released his hand, and flew into the air.

A laser pointer moved along the drone's trajectory. And at one point, all 8 of them popped out.

It was slower than the existing Photon Cannon, but as expected, the photon-type magic was a speed that could not be ignored.

Sirone anxiously observed the homing photon cannon.

As the drone wriggled past the wall, the eight photon cannons simultaneously curved and hit the target.

A series of explosions erupted, and a drone protruded through the smoke and rolled across the floor.

"done! Success!”

He couldn't believe it was the magic he had cast.

the light is shining

I even felt the thrill when the photon cannon took a sharp curve in front of the wall.

Flu didn't think this was bad either.

“A good start. But it's not in the actual stage yet. If it's a Tier 1 drone, it's enough to hit it with a photon cannon. Let's set the acceptance criteria with that. Hit the drones that are difficult to catch with the photon cannon with the homing photon cannon.”

"yes! I will definitely make it!”

After succeeding in the first experiment, Sirone's heart burned like never before.

The difficulty level went up step by step, and finally it was a day before leaving the Magic Association.

Before the final evaluation, Sirone's sequence ceremony was moving at the highest speed ever.

Flu, waiting with a drone, also showed a nervous expression as much as he invested his passion.

“Are you ready? It's a level 7 mod. Highest limit trajectory 27 degrees. This is the movement of a professional-level wizard.”

"yes. It has to be at that level to be able to use it in practice. I am ready.”

Sirone launched the homing photon cannon more skillfully than before. Without a doubt, eight laser pointers were aimed at the drone.

The algorithm has been refined so that the aiming point is now concentrated on a single point.

“It begins.”

As soon as Flew hit the switch, he let go of his drone and backed away.

A lump of iron that caused a strong earthquake flew lightly and flexibly through the air.

The trajectory driven by magnetic force was certainly unfamiliar to human eyes accustomed to gravity. However, the homing photon cannon vibrating around Sirone continued to catch the drone until the end, turning its red eyes non-stop.

'let's go! I'm going to end it here!'

The eight homing photon cannons that left Sirone's side chased after the drones. Then, as the drone turned almost backwards, it took a rough curve and sprinted in the reverse direction.

A total of 9 flying objects were roaming all over the wide training ground, but Sirone was just looking straight ahead.

A chase and chase battle took place for 3 seconds.

In terms of speed, the photon cannon is fast, but the drone was not caught by the strategy of shortening the reach by using rapid drift.

However, the seeker did not miss the drone until the end, and the distance finally began to decrease.

The lead photon cannon hit the drone, and the drone bounced to the ground with a bang.

Then, all the remaining 7 Photon Cannons plummeted to the ground, continuously bombarding the rolling drones.

Kwa-kwa-kwa! Kwak Kwa Kwa Kwam!

Flew shouted, eyes wide.

"wow! really tired... … ! No, great!”

Accuracy to chase even drones that were thrown off the impact. Moreover, its power was strong enough to crush hard metal.

It wasn't to the extent that it would be eaten in real combat, but if it was unknowingly attacked, it would be a massacre.

It was the same for Sirone that the current result was unbelievable.

'The magic is... … There is no end.'

Sirone, who finally realized the reality, looked back at Fleur with emotion.

For a while, the two people's eyes collided, and without saying who came first, they ran and hugged each other and ran around.

"success! Success, senior!”

"good job! If I failed, I would have been really embarrassed! I am finally free too!”

The shouts of the two who lost their reason in excitement echoed in the training ground. Only one dented drone was staring at them pathetically.

* * *

The last night of the Magic Association has arrived.

Sirone received Fleur's call and headed to the waiting room on the first floor.

The unoccupied hallway felt lonely in contrast to the crowded atmosphere in broad daylight.

“But why are you in the waiting room? You can see it at the dorm.”

At the end of the corridor at the back of the lobby on the first floor, light was leaking through a crack in the door. The darkness was silent, and no human voice could be heard.

"hello?"

When Sirone opened the door and showed her face, the paper firecracker exploded.

When I stepped back in surprise, the door opened and I saw four smiling faces.

“Congratulations, Sirone!”

“Uh, huh?”

A cake was prepared in the middle of the waiting room, and Fleur, Gando, Isabelle, and Gangnan were guarding the table.

Fleur lit a candle by flicking her fingers. And he waved his hand as if to come in.

"What are you doing? Come quickly and blow.”

Sirone moved as if possessed by a ghost.

“Hey, what day is it today?”

“It’s the day. The day you completed your Magic Association field trip. now! Do it quickly.”

People clapped as Sirone blew out the candles.

Completed the Magic Association Tour. It's quite plausible to hear, but the more I think about it, the more my face gets hotter.

"thank you. But it’s nothing special to visit.”

Isabelle said as she ran a hand through her straight hair.

I'd always seen a neat appearance during work, so the loose hair approached me much more bewitching.

“Still, the name is the Magic Association, but we can’t just send a field trip student for the longest period of time. I heard that the training ended well. I heard it was cool when I heard about the flu. congratulations."

Flu added one more meaning.

“And you are nineteen too. You can think of it instead of a birthday.”

"Oh right!"

I didn't even know that the sun had changed because I was crazy about training. A lot of things that happened last year have been compressed into a lump of emotion. It was a much bigger mass than I had ever felt in my entire life.

Kang Nan, who was standing at a distance, held out a small box over Isabelle's shoulder.

“Congratulations, Sirone. This is a gift prepared by the Association.”

"Oh, thank you. But what is it?”

There is a certain relationship with the people here now, but there is no reason for the association to care about the field trip students. Sensing Gaold's presence, Sirone was cautious as to whether some foreshadowing was hidden.

“It's just a gift. open it.”

When the box was opened, it contained a shiny silver signet ring. It was about 3 cm wide and had a magic circle engraved in the center.

"uh? Isn’t this Kubrick?”

At Fleur's words, Sirone turned her head.

“Kubrick?”

“A two-dimensional ring. All association employees have one. Do you know what a two-dimensional ring is?”

“No, I don’t know.”

Since she was a Sirone who grew up quickly, she knew little about magic tools.

“It's a ring that stores things with scale magic. They are also sold at the Alchemy Chamber, but they are quite expensive. Besides, the one given by the association has a more precise encryption system than a normal Kubrick, so it’s fine.”

A ring that stores things in the subspace will, of course, be expensive.

But what Sirone liked the most was the seal of the Tormia Magic Association engraved on the inside of the ring.

No matter how expensive Kubrick was, the seal of the association was not something that could be bought with money.

Isabelle took over the ring and put it on Sirone's ring finger.

“The principle is the same as other magical weapons. It reacts to the Spirit Zone. Flew, here's the power controller... … .”

Flew went out into the hallway and shut off the magic control in the waiting room where they were.

It was a request from the head of the magic library, the captain of the guard allowed it, and the chief secretary tolerated it, so there was no problem.

Upon Fleur's return, Sirone entered the Spirit Zone.

A unique magic that had never been felt before came through synesthesia. As he focused his attention there, letters appeared in front of him.

“User Registration? Yes or no?”

When Sirone looked around as if asking to see them together, everyone put on their smiles.

“Hey, this… … .”

Flew said with a convex grin.

“Does the letter appear? that only you can see It spreads to the retina through brain waves.”

Sirone remembered the drone given to Tess from heaven.

It must have been a technique similar to projecting a view from the sky onto her retinas.

When the registration was finished, a circle with slots divided into 7 equal parts appeared like a pie. The slots were the same size, and the rim of the topmost slot was glowing red.

Sirone pointed to the slot, knowing that no one else could see it.

“Are things going to be put here?”

Isabelle said.

"that's right. Based on gravity here, it can load up to 45 kilograms in total. If you put 45 kilograms in one slot, the remaining six slots can't contain anything.”

“Wow, 45 kg?”

A decent amount of armament was just the amount of loading that went in. In addition, it can reduce the weight of food even when traveling long distances, so it is a convenient tool.

“Let's practice. First, pick out the items you want to load.”

“Oh, then this… … .”

Sirone took out Armand from her waist.

Wearing a sword as a commoner also bothered me, but as a wizard, it was uncomfortable to move around with metal attachments.

"good. I'll teach you how. No need to be nervous. Because it's so easy, like the four ways.”

I laughed out loud when I said that the four-way method was easy, but I thought it was the standard for a 3rd-class wizard and moved on.

“Kubrick distinguishes things with perception among the mind. It's the core concept of eating out. Kubrick also separates the sword from the world because he knows that the sword you are holding is the finished product. Therefore, we cannot load only part of the sword.”

“Because I don’t recognize it as a finished product.”

"answer. Next is loading and unloading. It's simple. Think of putting a ring on an object. When thoughts change, the nature of the Spirit Zone also changes minutely, and Kubrick works by recognizing the minute difference. So creatures cannot be loaded. Even the spirit of an insignificant creature changes the Spirit Zone. In other words, from Kubrick’s point of view, it is a foreign substance.”

Sirone nodded, admiring Kubrick's sensitivity.

“Then I will try.”

As I grabbed Armand and recalled loading, the sword magically disappeared.

I could see Armand, whose three-dimensional effect had disappeared, stored in Kubrick's slot.

'Shipping this time.'

When Armand appeared in front of my palm, I reflexively grabbed the handle.

Having fun, Sirone experimented with the same function dozens of times. After getting used to it to a certain extent, he clearly realized what kind of object it was.

Fleur added an explanation.

“You can upgrade the weight by going to the fairly large alchemy box in the city. Up to 100 kg of loading weight is about 200 gold per kg. After that, the unit price is much higher, and when the loading weight exceeds 400 kg, it exceeds 100 million units.”

"Wow, that's amazing."

The price, as well as the weight, was beyond imagination. If it was 400 kg, it would be a little exaggerated, and it would be like walking around with all of your household items on your fingers.

“That means there is a lot of demand. Of course, it is technically difficult to augment. The current load capacity limit should be around 800 kilograms. It's an item that is unlikely to have one in the kingdom."

Sirone was just happy. He liked the ring he was wearing the most, whether it was 800 kg or not.

It was Kubrick with the seal of the Magic Association.

Gando said.

“No matter how comfortable it is, it’s best not to put important items in it unless you are going on a trip.”

“Why? If something goes missing... … .”

Gangnan shook his head.

"no. Because it can be stolen. Of course, the Kubrick produced by the association has a complex cryptographic system, so the risk of extraction is low. But anyone can cut off a finger.”

Sirone wrapped the ring without realizing it.

“Yes, I will be sure to shoot.”

“There is no need for that. If it's a dangerous situation, just throw it away or give it away. Kubrick is not an object, and you can get it on the market.”

It was an advice that I could give because Kang Nan, the second-in-command of the Magic Association.

“Anyway, that’s what it is. To become a full-time wizard, you need to know how to handle this.”

Sirone heard Gaold's voice at Gangnan's last words.

If you go to heaven, Kubrick will be a must. From the important to the trivial, it was an unspoken pressure to be fully prepared.

“Yes, I will definitely become a wizard.”

Sirone raised the hand holding the Kubrick. Everyone was laughing through her fingers.

---------------------------------------