Human unknown (2)

Seeing Kayden behaving strangely, Maya put on a dazed expression.

Cayden, who raised his head slightly, witnessed the self-indulgence of his right hand again and hurriedly pulled his arm.

"shit! driving me crazy."

“Kaden, are you okay?”

“Ah, that… …

There was nothing to say.

"what's the matter?"

The entertainers who use the same aisle came out into the hallway, and Reina, the representative of the troupe, entered the room.

"what's the matter? why?"

The crowd's eyes turned to Kayden, who was covered with a blanket.

Maya didn't know how to explain, but Cayden's face flushed red.

“Hmm.”

Reina, who grew up with her siblings, guessed it roughly.

“I thought something big had happened. Maya, never mind. It's because you're healthy. But, Mr. Caden, please pay attention to the sound at dawn.”

'Oh, no.'

I tried to make up for it somehow, but my tongue did not move in front of the eyes of many people.

Reina pulled Maya by the shoulder and headed for the door.

“Let’s go, Maya.”

Then softly whispered.

“I know you’re classmates, but be careful. I've been watching him for a while, and his actions seem gloomy and a bit perverted.”

"Ah yes."

Maya wanted to say that she wasn't that kind of person, but honestly, she wasn't sure.

"now! all go in I’ll call you in the morning, so get a good night’s sleep.”

Reina dismissed the towers, and in the empty hallway, Maya looked back at Caden's visit.

Meanwhile, Kayden, who hurriedly put up her pants dance, was on the verge of tears.

'shit. Fool.'

It would have been better to walk around the town of Jive naked.

If Maya isn't there.

'Let's go back to Tormia. What kind of article is a guy like me? Even if I stay here, it will only cause trouble to people.'

He is just a human being who is suited to drawing the face of the woman he loves in a gloomy room all day long.

Following the knock, Maya's voice was heard.

“Can I come in for a minute?”

Caden's heart sank.

'Not now. Tell me how to look at your face.'

Just as he was about to refuse, Maya continued.

“There is something I really want to say. It's important.” Caden opened the door and Maya entered the room with a gentle smile.

She slowly looked around the room and turned her head.

“Are your hands okay?”

"huh? ah… … Cayden, who was looking at his right hand resentfully, let out a sigh and spoke frankly.

"Sorry. You're right. I ended up looking stupid. What should I apologize for... …

"are you okay. It's not the first time.” Cayden's right hand is out of control

I know that.

What you don't know... … .

“Which one is the truth?”

"huh?"

“You are always nice to me, but on the other hand, your right hand is always trying to do sloppy things. I honestly don't know what you want.”

“Absolutely not! What a stupid idea! I never dreamed of such a thing!”

Cayden waved his hands.

However, only the left hand moved, and the right hand was sending an OK sign with the thumb and forefinger curled.

As Maya's expression darkened, her right hand raised a thumb.

“Ah, stop!”

Cayden made a crackling noise and slapped his right arm.

Maya said as the left and right hands unfolded again.

“Kaden, I've been thinking a lot since you confessed. But also I... … I still can't seem to forget Sirone.”

The right arm slowly descended.

Caden's right arm always falls asleep when the name Sirone is mentioned.

“That, yes. I'm not expecting anything in particular... …

"but."

Maya continued.

“I am trying to forget. Because Shirone has Amy. I can't hold on to Sirone forever either.”

Caden's heart beat fast.

“Still, I can’t promise. but… … could you give me a little time Would it be rude to ask such a favor?"

“No, no. can wait I can wait a lifetime, no, forever.”

It was an absurd answer, but Maya was able to laugh.

“I am grateful that you always worry about me. good night."

"Oh yeah. you also… …

After Maya left, Caden, who had been nailed to the bed for a long time, collapsed onto the bed.

“You will sympathize.”

How pathetic and pitiful it must have been.

“Black.”

My eyes were red with tears.

“I didn’t say no.” The fate of the Red Cross is impossible to achieve what one desperately desires.

It was the first hope that came to Kayden, who had lived under the enormous law.

“I said you can wait.”

They are breaking out of the frame God created.

'Maybe I can.'

His right hand reached over his wet eyes and gently covered them.

What happened at the tug's quarters was a trivial incident, but Lai's nerves were on edge.

'Today, he must have been bad.'

I didn't even think about it anyway.

As I passed the towing area and passed the teacher area, I saw someone approaching in the distance.

I knew it just by looking at the limp gait.

'Parka Quan.'

When Lai put her legs together and said hello, Kuan also gave a short nod.

“Where are you on your way?”

Kuan said without stopping.

"I'm just walking for a while because I'm frustrated."

Quan's honorific expression was uncomfortable with Lai.

“You can keep your voice down. I am uncomfortable.”

Lai was superior in terms of position, but Kuan was a great swordsman that the world watched.

Rai asked as Quan passed by without saying yes or no.

“Why did you refuse the position of captain of the Guard?”

Kuan's steps stopped.

“It may be presumptuous, but I heard that there is affection. Even if it's not for that reason, I think Mr. Kuan is more suitable than me.”

'Shina.'

I hadn't met him once since arriving at the temple.

One-eyed, one-armed, lame.

'Hehehe.'

What kind of dreams are those who are limbless telling themselves to dream?

"work hard."

Quan took another step and spat out.

“A one-armed man cannot fight while protecting someone.”

When Lai turned around, Quan was already out of sight.

“Heresy!”

When Vanissa, caught in the Miracle Stream, shouted, her jaw dropped and rattled.

Sirone swung the smoke of light with a full swing, and with a thump, Vanissa crashed into the wall.

'Oops!'

If it were a normal human, every bone in his body would have been shattered.

“Huh”

Vanissa stood up in her broken state.

'It's Dina.'

Imprisoned in the prison of his body, he was beyond death.

What is different from Lian is that his information is not reproduced.

"stop."

Sirone said with sincerity.

“Just because you don’t die doesn’t mean you are alive. If you damage your body further here, it will just turn into a piece of meat.”

Like the living god of the other side world.

“Stupid.”

Madness flashed in Vanissa's eyes.

“Nothing will change.”

Sirone wrapped the smoke of light at the now inhuman shape that charged again.

“Kuaaa!”

Where the light hits, black ash scatters

all.

'As expected, it can't be purified.'

It just burns up and disappears.

If the light of agape continues to flow like this... … Is there really anything left of him?

“Give up. You became a demon in a human body. For demons, purification is only extinction.”

“Aagh!”

All of Vanissa's ribs jutted out of her body, stretching like a spider's legs except for one that was broken.

“Body, mind, heart, and emotions—sharp bones like spears flew toward the scruff of Sirone's neck.

“I exist only for the glory of God!”

"damn!"

Agape's light exploded, sending Vanissa flying into the darkness of the hallway.

“Whoa.”

Wiping the sweat from under my chin as I walked forward, I saw a body burnt like charcoal.

A groan escaped through his missing jaw.

"ah??????

Still, it seems that something remains.

"here is… … Where are you?”

"prison."

While savoring Sirone's words, Vanisa stared at the ceiling with eyes wide open.

“Then can I leave now?” Sirone couldn't answer.

“I can’t seem to get out. It seems God has not forgiven me.”

It was the third immortal man Sirone had met.

'Why can't I die?' Rihanna, Gauld, and Vanisa.

“I see, Yahweh.”

A hoarse voice leaked out.

“God has ordained your outcome. you can never win With tears of blood... … . Kuck.”

Puffy, charcoal-turned facial muscles

this is broken

“Greuk. That's right.”

Looking at the body that could not convey any information, Sirone slowly turned around.

Woo woo!

The screams echoed.

From 4:30 in the morning, lights were turned on in the windows of the Delta headquarters one by one.

From 5:00, people were busily walking around, and delegations from each department of the temple arrived in Delta.

“Ugh, uncomfortable.”

As Seriel of the World Health Organization stretched herself, she saw a familiar face in the distance.

"huh'?"

It was Amira, who graduated from magic school together and worked for the World Climate Organization.

"and! Amira!”

“Oh, Seriel! It's been a really long time. I heard you.”

While exchanging news, Dorothy and Liz, who had been there earlier, approached.

"Hello nice to meet you."

Dorothy attended the temple as Iruki's representative, and Liz as a director of the Nade Group.

“Anyway, is Iruki really not coming? Words will come out in public speeches.”

Dorothy shook her head.

"I don't know. Even the news is two pieces. Since Sirone doesn't say much, it's okay, but... …

Liz rubbed her shoulder.

"don't worry. He must be hanging out somewhere strange. They are just like that.”

In the midst of small talk, Seriel looked around.

'Didn't Amy come?'

Then, her brow crumpled.

“Hey, are these familiar faces?” Fermi was approaching, sipping her coffee.

Since there was no one who had not been beaten by him during school days, the expressions of the women were obviously not good.

However, the feelings Seriel felt were different from that.

'I didn't want to run into him.'

said Liz.

"long time no see. Are you clear? After being politicized like that at school, I finally came to the political arena.”

Fermi shrugged.

"haha! Wouldn’t you be willing to burn this body if it was helpful for the world?”

After replying like that, he winked at Seriel.

“I read the thesis well. Your analysis of emotional illness is excellent.”

“… … What are you doing?”

"what?"

“Why are you talking to me? Is it because you don't know what you did? You turned a lot of people into drug addicts.”

“That's why I say it. how is it? I have a good idea... …

The moment Fermi put a hand on his shoulder, Seriel slapped him on the arm.

“Don’t touch me.”

As Fermi licked his lips, Jive's moderator approached.

“The official temple ceremony will begin soon. Conference attendees, please gather in the main conference hall.”

One by one, the women returned to their Buddhas, and Seriel walked past Fermi and gritted her teeth.

“You see me later.”

Looking at her back as she walked away, Fermi smiled.

“It’s still chilly.”

Just like back in school days.