[379] Volume 16 - Entering the competition system (3)

Iruki landed on the training ground. Then he walked over to Binder with a grin on his face.

“Kuk!”

Even seeing the backing binder, Iruki didn't feel impatient. It was all over for him.

“Certainly the batteries are clean. It was like reading a textbook.”

Cancellation analyzes changes in the opponent's spirit zone and returns all vector quantities in reverse order.

The effect of resetting omnipotence was enormous, but the humiliation felt by the opponent was also a magic that could not be ignored.

"Do not be ridiculous! My batteries are perfect!”

Binder cast the spell again as if he couldn't lose. But now, before he could even try, his omnipotence was being initialized.

"know. not perfect Perfect.”

Binder's upper lip curled up like a gorilla. Then he suddenly lowered his gaze with a bewildered expression.

A detonation reaction was taking place below.

'Oops!'

"are you okay. It’s only 10 kilobusters.”

An explosion occurred at the same time as Iruki turned around.

In the two thousand times system, the binder did not fly because there was no 'jungle' judgment in the person-to-person battle. However, the mental strength gauge was pushed all the way to 0.

He could have endured if he had cast defensive magic, but there was nothing he could do in front of the cancellation.

Iruki descended from the training ground with a V of victory.

At one point, he was booed for not being polite to a loser, but no one laughed at him in his senior year.

“From day one… … A cancellation.”

Their expressions were serious. Iruki had revealed the most powerful weapon among all the magic he could use.

'Are you confident that you will never lose? Or is another magic prepared?'

When he confidently revealed his special move, his thoughts began to get complicated.

“Hmm… … .”

Fermi watched the battle with his hands in his pockets. Then he smiled and asked his colleague.

“How many seconds?”

“Two minutes and eleven seconds.”

“Two minutes and eleven seconds to put the broken glass back.”

No matter how classic Binder was, it was impossible to analyze a graduating class spirit zone within 3 minutes unless it was a Servant's brain.

'If the graduation test takes a person-to-person battle, that must be quite tricky.'

Business calculations ran quickly through Fermi's head.

* * *

The door to the dorm closed with a thud.

After 11 p.m., Sirone, who returned to the lodging, collapsed onto the bed sobbing.

“Oh, that is hard. It's too hard."

The graduating class schedule was already in its fourth week.

Except for special circumstances, most evaluations ended around lunchtime, but even so, there was no time to rest.

My senior year was literally wild.

No one taught you anything, and if you wanted something, you had to learn it yourself.

After the evaluation, Sirone also continued training at the training ground all day with his friends.

Person-to-person combat was still on the rise, and cognition and judgment were also in favor of Sirone.

Even when faced with a terrifying situation, his mental endurance was unwavering, and he accurately headed for the exit of survival with judgment based on his excellent insight.

However, other students also had pro-level skills in one field.

Binder, who was aiming for dragon lightning, received a perfect score in battery implementation, and in mental activity, Arin and Joner, Dorothy, received attention.

A person with a unique major like Fisho was maintaining his ranking by smoothly acquiring points in the strengthening of his main skill.

Therefore, even though the six events have already been rotated four times, the range of change in the rankings was still insignificant.

“It’s a lot harder than I thought.”

Given the 30-week schedule, it's still an early race.

However, the fatigue that Sirone felt was beyond imagination.

You have to take an evaluation every day, in which your ranking will drop if you miss one point. The tension that comes out of that melts intact into the personal training in the afternoon, and when you enter the dorm, you are completely exhausted.

"I want to sleep. I want to sleep. I just want to sleep for an hour.”

Contrary to what he muttered, Sirone got up from the bed.

The other students could have gone to bed by now, but he had another task.

Fulfill Gaold's conditions.

The reason for the bloody training every day, in addition to raising the ranking, was to avoid being killed by a dog in an unexpected flight to heaven.

Be strong.

and must be developed.

A magic powerful enough to destroy Heaven.

"I?"

Are you talking about yourself struggling with the senior year evaluation?

"haha!"

Sirone burst out laughing and sat down at her desk to open her notebook.

The ideas that came to my mind after thinking about them for a month were written in full.

However, none of them penetrated to the core, so they were still mere scribbles.

'Let's approach it conceptually today. It's magic that destroys heaven. What is it?'

For now, it has to be long-distance magic.

If you cast wide-area destruction magic at close range, the wizard will die in the aftermath.

'No, in some cases, you might have to think about that too...' … .'

At the end of the note, Sirone wrote 'Possibility of death of the caster'.

'I can die. If so, will there be a slightly more diverse path?'

While pondering, Sirone clutched her head.

“Ugh, I really don’t know.”

The key is to use Ataraxia's amplifying power.

Only this was certain.

However, it was extremely difficult to reach the subluminal speed range of the light system with a photon cannon containing mass.

It might someday exceed the speed of sound, but even then it wasn't powerful enough to fly through the heavens.

“The squirrel wheel keeps spinning.”

Syrone wrote “Ataraxia” and attached “Trigger” next to it.

Ataraxia's strength is, of course, its tremendous amplifying power, but if you think about it, it had other strengths as well.

First of all, it is especially threatening to heavenly beings.

Humans with sensitive senses are also shocked by Halo, but Maras, born from the concept of angels, feel an instinctive fear in addition to that.

“Well, maybe we can delay it.”

Sirone put parentheses on the ataraxia and wrote 'a delay of about 1-2 seconds'.

"The most important thing is that it's a trigger."

The magic that penetrated Ataraxia is controlled by Ataraxia, not the magician's spirit zone from then on.

That was the reason Sirone defined Ataraxia as siege magic.

“Amplification. delay. trigger."

These are the current 3 types of Ataraxia's sacred treasures.

“Then the magic I can use is… … .”

Sirone wrote them down sequentially.

Offensive magic includes Photon Cannon, Homing Photon Cannon, and Laser.

As for defensive magic, it is wide range and dark ball.

Control techniques include Shining Impact, Shining Chain, and Slow, and movement techniques include teleportation, space movement, mass teleport, shot movement, and in addition, optical wing movement techniques.

“A lot. I've been working pretty hard too."

Her proud heart went dark for a moment, but her expression darkened.

No matter how diverse the magic was, none of it was capable of blowing up the whole kingdom of heaven.

No, it is impossible from the beginning.

How could he, who was not even a formal wizard, destroy Heaven?

"no! This doesn’t work, that doesn’t work, everything doesn’t work!”

Sirone drew a large X on her notebook and slammed her face into the desk.

All I got from studying for a month was a feeling that tickled my brain.

Even if you learn a new magic, there is a limit to a single series within a year anyway.

'amplification. delay. trigger. timeshare. force. fusion. And the magic I've learned so far.'

All of this has to be grafted together to create something completely new.

It could be wrong, but on the other hand, a strange feeling that it might be the right answer was flowing along the passage of insight.

'Let's find it. let's find Let's find a way.'

Replaying the only thought left in her head, Sirone fell asleep.

Meaning of Survival (1)

A holiday that cannot be replaced with anything for seniors.

However, Sirone had to wake up rubbing his sleepy eyes from dawn.

After the evaluation of the 4th week, today was the overall evaluation day, which happens six times a year.

It was an evaluation that I had to do my best as it was a place to directly experience the regular events of the graduation exam.

The winner gets 20 points and the loser loses 20 points.

If the value of 40 points is at stake, other students who have been engaged in psychological warfare will also be inclined to give their all.

In terms of interpersonal combat, the score is equivalent to 13 consecutive victories.

It was also the same score as passing the master difficulty in four items when it was measured by strengthening the main specialty.

'The rankings may change significantly from today. No, I have no choice but to change.'

Today's overall evaluation is in the event of survival.

Because it is a rule that inevitably results in a loser, in some cases, a hot ranking rise could be expected.

Especially in terms of survival, it was a match that couldn't be missed because it was a version of the graduation test for Cirone's skills, cognition and judgment.

Students enter the huge virtual zone as a group.

And your mental strength will be evaluated on how long you can endure under extreme conditions.

Judgment is important, but mental endurance is essential.

For Sirone, if he failed to score points here, he would have no choice but to be placed at a disadvantage in the future schedule.

After meeting Nade and Iruki and leaving the building, Sirone headed to the training ground with a large virtual zone.

Many students had already gathered.

Although they are still competitors, the initial awkwardness was no longer felt.

In addition, identification of peers was also in a state of being to some extent.

While it was difficult to get along with Screamer, Pony, and Luman, he got along quite well with Maya and Eider.

There was a neutral relationship with Dorothy, Suabi, and Fishaw, and the students in Class One did not even look at Class Three.

As the senior class gathered, Collie stood the students in each class and checked their eyes one by one.

As it is a sport that is rumored to be the most dangerous and severe among all evaluations, his face also had a sense of tragedy.

“Today, the entire evaluation category is survival. Before we begin, let me explain the rules. First, divide the team. Based on the line drawn over there, the right side is the red team, and the left side is the blue team.”

A line was drawn in the wide open space leading into the Virtual Zone.

“Once the team is decided, everyone enters the virtual zone. The survival program consists of stages 1 to 7, and lasts for a total of 50 minutes. At the point where the final survivor comes out, the team's victory or defeat is decided regardless of the future result. In other words, the team with the final survivor takes the overall victory, and the losing team loses 20 points.”

Boyle raised his hand.

“What are the criteria for selecting the team?”

“You just have to go to the team you want to go to.”

Pandora asked.

“Uh, there… … Isn't it 15 to 15?”

“It doesn't matter. It's okay to be a team of 30 people.”

The atmosphere in Class Three became chilly. There were also students who looked left and right as if this was the case.

'It's impossible to compete with a team of 30 people. What kind of rules are there?'

Of course, no one will say that we should form a team of 30 people to die together and live together even if we die.

It's because the senior year is where they are frantic to somehow stand above their opponents.

But I had to think about the meaning of the rules.

If you think about the management principle of the senior class so far, it was not just a competitive system to earn points and rise in the rankings.

It was structured so that there were advantages and disadvantages depending on what position you took in the competition and how accurately you grasped the abilities of others.

Iruki said.

“A mage's position in a real-life party is absolute. It seems that the overall evaluation is no exception.”

If the wizard is shaken, the party is destroyed. It was common knowledge even third-rate travelers knew.

Just because you shoot powerful magic and have an excellent spirit zone doesn't mean you can pass the graduation exam.

Another invisible evaluation item was how to solidify one's position with intelligent judgment among competitors.

“From now on, I will decide the team. The set time is 10 minutes. Those who fail to arrive on time will be considered forfeited. Go with the team you want.”

As Collie's words fell, 30 students flinched as if stunned.

Someone must have flinched first, but in the end, it was an unpleasant reaction speed that the culprit could not be found.

You need to think carefully.

A rule that allows you to earn 20 points per victory bonus even if only one member of your team survives.

Therefore, if a student was not confident in the survival event, the key was who would remain on the team that was included.

In a sense, it is a true ability to survive.

That's why people who are confident in their mental durability should move first.

Some were already thinking of taking the lead.

However, I was secretly worried about what to choose between red and blue, which had no meaning.

'What was the win rate of the blue team and the enemy team so far?'

It was a kind of jinx.

“For now, I’ll choose first.”

Sirone moved first.

Because he was the one who was the final survivor, he didn't have to worry about other people's choices.

When Sirone went to the red team, the crowd started to stir. Of course, Nade and Iruki were the ones who moved second.

Sirone and the others are the red team.

Once vital information was gathered, the remaining 27 brains began to spin rapidly.

“Hmm, then should I go blue?”

At the sound of Fermi's voice, everyone turned to him. As he confidently walked, Fermi and his party followed behind him.

Arriving at the center of the blue team, Fermi looked back at Sirone and smiled mischievously.

Sirone didn't laugh. I couldn't tell what thoughts were behind those thin eyes.

Finally, the moment the rest of the students had been waiting for came.

The team was divided into the formidable freshmen of Class Three and Fermi and his party, who had never missed the first place in the final evaluation.

Which side is most likely to win?

From now on, it was a matter of choice.

---------------------------------------