Last Crusade (1)

Arctic, ivory tower.

The tower was huge, and about 80 people lived in a small village on the 387th floor.

Inside a small cabin, a woman who had fallen into a deep sleep slowly opened her eyes.

Ivory Tower dweller, Pipa.

In High Gear, he was a tutorial manager using the gear mark.

“What is Jeongmo?”

I have no intention of attending.

Even so, the reason why he closed the connection was because Yahweh's actions moved his heart.

As she left the cabin, the other residents saw her and looked surprised.

“Pipa? What is it, are you coming out?”

It was she who had stored up a lot of food and water and hadn't gone out for months.

“How is the situation?”

Residents widened their eyes, but it was a serious incident that had to be revealed.

“Look for yourself.”

Upon reaching the outer wall they pointed to, the holographic screen disappeared, revealing a mechanical iron wall.

If it was the 387th floor of the Ivory Tower, it was at such a height that even the blizzard hitting the North Pole could be put under their feet.

she looked through the window

In the kingdom of Corona at the end of the horizon, a flame that evaporated the cold was burning.

“Asmodian.”

click. click.

Her pupils turned like apertures, pulling in the scenery of Corona Kingdom.

I could see the stars of the ivory tower, and among them there was a demonic swordsman slaughtering countless soldiers.

Hell's Army, 1st Corps Commander Baal.

'It's finally here.'

It was significant that the only corps commander who had not opened the Pandemonium was aiming for the North Pole.

'Deadly Cross. Maybe that's the name.'

It's about tearing down the ivory tower.

Kashan. Aganos.

When Uorin, who had disconnected High Gear, left the bedroom, Gando lowered his head.

“Are you here?”

I was astonished as I was glad that she had put state affairs behind and was focusing on high gear.

“Do you have anything special to do?” “No.”

Uorin passed Jiandao with a smile.

"it's over. Got everything you could get in high gear. How long until the temple?''

“Three days.”

Gando followed behind and asked.

“If you can get it… … Woo-rin looked back as they walked side by side, and her face was cold as if she had always been like that.

'It's been a while since I felt this way.'

As Gando gulped, Uorin's thoughts deepened.

'The negative universe.'

Although not all, Fermi delivered an overview of the trade as it was.

‘It could be the worst crusade ever. No, maybe this is our last... …

Uorin stopped walking.

“Gando, I will participate in the temple.” He left the position of emperor passed on to his son.

Gando immediately responded to the words that he would occupy the city.

"All right."

“Don’t be too sad. Survivors, factions and kingdoms after the Great Purge. It is the place where all the monsters gather. It seems like it would be too much for you to handle alone.”

Gando's body trembled with emotion just by being able to understand his feelings.

"It's the queen's empire."

A small smile crept across Woorin's lips, but his expression soon turned cold.

'I will never hand it over.' She said.

“Call Kido.”

Southern Continent, Kessia.

As most of the people were intoxicated with angels, there were not many shops that were doing business.

The place Sirone chose as the venue for the wedding was a franchise cafe run by Geum Hwa-ryun.

"welcome."

As soon as I opened the door and entered, an employee with hazy eyes greeted Sirone.

I saw a table where nobles were sitting, and they seemed to be drugged too.

'the problem is… …

Even the group of people sitting in the corner of the store didn't look any different.

'It's really worth seeing.'

There were 5 high gear operators gathered at this meeting, and none of them made eye contact.

It was an expected scene since it was a collection of people with zero sociality, but it was severe.

"uh? if… … ?”

A small child, the only one sitting with a bright expression, raised his hand after seeing Sirone.

“Yahweh brother?”

"sugar loaf?"

I knew the identity of the operator to some extent, but I did not bother to reveal my real name.

“Wow, it really looks like high gear. Welcome. The atmosphere here is absolutely devastating.”

Even though Sirone came, the operators didn't even pay attention and were doing nothing but caress.

'The lollipops are here.'

The middle-aged hairy boy stooping over his huge body is probably a smile mark.

Skinny women who seem to have grown their hair just because it grows have a black circle mark.

'And the other two... … It was Operator and Number Seven, the culprits who caused the sadal in High Gear.

'Number seven. Are you the same age as me?'

I could tell her personality from the nervous shaking of her legs, which did not suit her sturdy physique.

The operator in the seat of honor, wearing large glasses, continued to brush his bangs with his hand.

"no way. Oh really."

'The acne seems to be bothering me.'

Sirone guessed why the Operator's aircraft covered his eyes with his bangs.

“Okay then.”

Sirone, sitting on the opposite chair, ordered tea from the waiter and started talking.

“First of all, nice to meet you. It is called sirone.” No one answered, and Smile Mark turned his head to say something.

'I'm really sociable. No comments at all. How do we work together with this?'

Should be.

Because these are the developers of High Gear, which achieved unprecedented box office success in Under Coder.

'They are the best coders in the world.'

The lollipop mark floated first.

“Let’s start with a self-introduction. Originally, when Jeongmo comes out, I do this. I'm a lollipop. In high gear, I am responsible for the impact and impulse processors.”

It was a position that required the most agility.

“Heh heh, then should I do it too? uh… … That's why I call it Smile Mark. What I'm in charge of... …

A detailed explanation followed, and the black circle mark, who was next in line, spoke.

“It’s the black circle. Take over the meta processor.”

I thought I had barely come this far, but Number Seven looked like someone with aphasia.

“Brother, it’s your turn.”

"ah. ah."

Her ears were burning red and her pupils dilated, as if she was already in another world.

Sirone pulled back into reality.

“Speak comfortably. It's just an introduction.”

"uh? uh… … that is."

He seemed to have come to his senses, but this time he only glanced at the operator in the senior seat.

She shot, shaking her bangs.

“What are you glancing at so long ago? why? Are you disappointed? Because you’re ugly?”

“Who, who! It's just pretty!” Surprised by his own words, Number Seven lowered his head, and the operator bit into a straw.

continued silence.

“… … I have already introduced myself.”

Sirone changed his strategy.

“Jungmo was something I suggested to the operator. Some of you may know, but in the future, Operators will help me do something in real life.”

Operators were the first to show interest.

"what?"

Sirone explained the strategy for mining Apocalypse in the realm of The Abyss.

The Black Circle murmured.

“Hmm, the cytoplasmic hardening program. You must know the terminal pattern to inject it into the main system, right?”

Number Seven said.

“You can use artificial intelligence. Unravel a creature with a large excavation function and schematize it as a 3D map... …

“The time it takes for the firewall to break through is also a problem. If you plant invasion code in your program... …

Those who had been silent until now boldly expressed their opinions as if they were fighting.

Sirone smiled bitterly.

'The body is in reality, but... …

Their thoughts are still to stay in the undercoder, virtual world.

The operator, who had been listening with his chin resting, raised his index finger.

“Anyway, so… … I decided to help Sirone oppa, what are you guys going to do?”

While the operators exchanged glances, Number Seven slowly raised his hand.

“Sheesh! Am I unconditionally included?” the operator said.

"no. Attending here was a condition, so if you don’t want to do it, you don’t have to.” His face was red and he tried to lower his hand.

Then she bluntly snapped.

"I'm kidding. How long have you been eating? Can you finish it like this? Thousands of tons would have to be welded.”

Number Seven was moved, but she liked the fact that the operator was joking.

"haha! If it's not me, there's no one else who can do it. You'll never dig Apocalypse without me!"

“That is also true.” Number Seven's mouth closed again, but unlike the first time, the atmosphere was hot.

Sirone stood up and said.

“Well then, shall we go to work?”

Middle East, Kingdom of Paras.

The World War caused by the Gustav Empire took a significant blow to the Kingdom of Paras.

The biggest shock was the death of King Casartak, who ruled Paras for 40 years.

However, the powerful in the Middle East, which is called the source of ancient civilization, did not easily yield.

“We should start soon.”

A soft voice resounded in the ancient Grand Hall of the royal castle Delaima.

King Kitra.

As the youngest son of Casartak, he had a neutral appearance with black makeup around his eyes.

“Your Highness, preparations are complete. In this temple, the Kingdom of Paras will become the ruling nation of the world.”

The servants had no doubts.

The ability of Kitra, who ascended the throne at the age of ten, was most suitable for Paras, who was proud of being the beginning of intelligence.

“Hmm??????

The venomous snake coiled around Kitra's neck flicked its tongue at the servants in the audience.

“Call Zulu.”

The servants lifted their heads in unison.

“Your Majesty, the ancient civilization of Paras has never allowed strangers to approach… … black!”

Piri-ri-ri-ri!

The trembling of the snake's tongue made the servants' faces pale.

"pee."

Kitra made a noise with his mouth, and the snake turned its head and stuck out its tongue at him.

He licked the snake's venom as if kissing, then spoke again.

“Bring Zulu.”

The soldier quickly left the Grand Hall.

After a while, the door opened and Zulu and Sirone, Kanis and Arin entered side by side.

The Zulu, sucking on a black teat, knelt in front of the king with a groan.

“Did you call, Your Highness?”

“Zulu.”

The great magician who was the pride of the Kingdom of Paras and loved by Casartak until the end.

“I think of the past. Dad really liked you. I also called you my mother and followed you. It's hard to notice. Did you hate my father that much?”

side, side.

There was no emotion to be found on Zulu's face, who was biting on a black nipple.

' beautiful.'

Does daily abuse of a newborn child turn it into something so twisted?

“So, you want to explore the Pyramid of Truth?”

“Yes, Your Highness. There, my colleagues and I will reveal the secrets of the outside world.”

Kitra's gaze turned to the three people standing on the other side of Zulu, especially Sirone.

“Oh Daesung of the Ivory Tower, I’m sorry to have kept you waiting. As you know, my country is a little busy.”

Almost all kings pretend to be bold to the stars, but Kitra's attitude was sincere.

'It's a really unique energy. This temple must be fierce.'

Sirone replied politely.

“It is a big decision to open up a country’s national notation. For the sake of mankind, please allow it.”

“Humanity what… …

Kitra crossed her legs comfortably.

“The oasis is said to have dried up because of the explosion of the Pandemonium. If it wasn't for you, the damage would have been greater.”

“It’s an overstatement.”

It was a build-up to listen to a word anyway, and Kitra did not take the time.

“I won’t.”

While the servants were agitated, Kanis and Arin's eyes tightened.

' done.'

A super ancient civilization opens.