[91] Reversed Master/Servant (2)

Canis, avoiding the flash of the rampaging Photon Cannon, was embarrassed like never before. Why are you not tired? It was as if the limit of mental power had been cut off.

- Harvey! I'll get it this way!

Harvest still hasn't received any comments. It was ominous because it had never been like this before. Besides, I couldn't figure out why. Canis knew best that she was not a magical creature foolish enough to remain silent during battle because she felt bad for a disagreement.

- Harvest! Answer me!

A photon cannon brushed past Canis, who was paying attention to the mental channels. He hurriedly turned his back, but it was obviously a belated response. It wasn't that it was dodged, it was that it wasn't hit.

"what?"

About 10 flashes of light were fired from Sirone. But this time, too, the aim was not accurate. Canis finally realized. Numerous flashes of light were extinguishing all the darkness that could travel to the Dark Fort.

'This crazy... … !'

If he couldn't hit it, it was a strategy to hold on and defeat him. It makes sense, but isn't it too ignorant? He had already fired more than 200 shots of mentally consuming magic like the Photon Cannon. Even so, far from getting tired, the number of flashes continued to increase.

'How big is your mental power?'

The thought gave me goosebumps. As dozens of photon cannons filled Kanis' field of vision, despair filled his heart. A bunch of flashes were coming in, blocking all possible routes to the Dark Fort.

'This is unavoidable. It's over.'

It was angry and cynical. He was more afraid of being defeated by the wizard of light in front of Master than dying.

- That's annoying. Arcane.

- Harvey?

The dogfight begins and the first mental channel opens. Harvest stood in front of Canis and received the Photon Cannon with his body. A bizarre groan leaked out as the whole body of the magical creature shook at the shockwaves coming in succession.

Thinking that the surface alone could not be absorbed, Harvest opened his body wide and swallowed the Photon Cannon whole. His body trembled, and his waist, which had been said to be as thin as a tiger, inflated like a balloon. His body's absorption power was fully activated and began to digest the photons. Then he gradually returned to his original form as his body contracted.

“Ouch… … !”

Canis bent her upper body with a shocked expression. The reason Harvest was able to absorb the Photon Cannon was because he used his mental powers. However, arbitrarily borrowing power without approval was impossible due to the master/servant's contract.

- Harvest?

- Wake up and get ready!

Harvest, who absorbed all of Canis' mental power, flew to Sirone and brandished his claws. Sirone, not accustomed to close combat, was cornered. Harvest's speed was nimble enough to catch up with an evasive action by teleportation. How could this be? It seemed even stronger than Canis.

Ethella, who had the same thoughts as Sirone, looked back at Arcane. From the way he watched the battle with emotionless eyes, I could tell the full story of the situation.

'Viltor Arcane. What a cruel man you are.'

The reason why the best magic creature was attached to Canis wasn't because he loved his pupil. To him who was burning with his vengeance, disciples were nothing but consumables to fulfill his will. A fuel tank that can maximize the power of Harvest. That was the significance of Canis' existence.

As Sirone increased the link speed of teleportation, Harvest's movement became faster. Canis' complexion turned pale like a corpse's. He couldn't even think because his mental strength was drained. Only emotions like betrayal and deprivation echoed in my head.

- Harvest. why?

All that came back was silence. The life in Canis' eyes died when she realized who was the owner. Tears welled up as everything that had passed passed by like a kaleidoscope.

Sirone took refuge on the ground. He had his blood flowing from his wounds, which had been cut as if cut by a knife.

'The Photon Cannon doesn't work either. There's not much time left to unlock Immortal Functions.'

Canis, who came down with Harvest, put her hands on the ground. The pupils were out of focus. Harvest didn't care and rushed at Sirone. The battle had to be finished before Canis' mental power was exhausted. 

Shirone thought while dodging Harvest's sharp claw attack. The situation that had been winning a moment ago was reversed in an instant.

master-servant reversal.

As Harvest, who was only an assistant to Canis, came to the fore, things began to change. A magical creature that has no fear of death. Could there be a more demanding enemy on the battlefield? It was a fighting weapon that moved while sucking life out of a fuel tank called Canis.

'Combat weapon... … ?'

Sirone suddenly realized that he was mistaken. She had been obscured by Harvest's intellect until now. The meaning of the reversal of master and servant was simple. Enemies changed from living to inanimate. Then, of course, magic had to change accordingly.

Revamping her strategy completely, Sirone canceled the photon cannon and cast a photon output. The photon cannon is dangerous because of its impact force, which destroys living things. However, physical force was not important to Harvest, who had no life for him. If you are specialized in absorbing energy, you can destroy it with energy that exceeds the limit.

Since the photon output is pure magic and does not even have mass, it was more flexible than the Photon Cannon. Moreover, the immortal function was still open. When Sirone's power, which transmitted light with 100 percent efficiency to 300 hologram devices installed in the school, was concentrated in one place, a beam of light large enough to cover a person's body was shot.

“Great!”

Harvest was pushed back as if being buried in the light. He had no physical powers, but smoke was rising from his body made of dark matter. However, since he is immune to light, the nature of photons did not help. Only the energy contained in the photons could cut him.

'I need stronger energy.'

Sirone came up with the formula that energy is the square of the mass and the speed of light, a representative formula of photonization theory. God Particles are batteries that impart mass. Then it was possible to convert mass into energy by reversing the formula of photonization theory.

Cells of photon output were reconstructed based on mass. When combined with the omnipotence of the Immortal Function, mass began to be converted into energy in real time. The pleasure felt when theory and reality matched perfectly was incomparable to anything, and Sirone felt a thrill as she took her first step into the unknown world.

“I-what is that?”

The eyes of everyone watching the battle widened. The photon output began to taper off, emitting a blood-red glow. I didn't know what kind of magic it was, but the color alone was threatening.

Iruki recalled a story about a certain phenomenon of light that he had heard from his father, the leader of the dragon.

"that… … Are you sure it's not a laser?"

"laser? what is that?"

“The light energy is highly amplified. Could it be called the ultimate evolution of the flash series? But how is that possible?”

Razor was a matter of brute force, not talent or effort. It took at least 10 years of mental rebound to gain enough strength to amplify photons with lasers.

However, if you take a mathematical detour, the story is different. Sirone, who reconstructed the theory of photonization based on divine particles, amplified energy through mass conversion rather than brute force. In other words, the original battery developed a new route.

“Kuaaaaa!”

Harvest struggled in pain. The laser was extremely thin compared to the photon output, but the energy it accumulated was beyond imagination. Color wasn't a problem from the beginning. The real danger was the invisible heat rays outside the red wavelength. The single-wavelength laser was vibrating molecules and generating enormous heat.

“Harvest!”

Canis clutched her painful head and screamed. The fact that a huge shock hit the brain meant that the limit of energy that Harvest could absorb had been exceeded in just two seconds. It was the power of Sirone's new magic laser pulse cannon.

Harvest tried his best to digest the energy, but the molecular vibration speed was too fast. As the amount of absorption reached saturation, it increased in size and eventually inflated like a balloon.

Etella observed Arcane's reaction. Seeing that there was no change in expression even in a situation where defeat was dark, I felt uneasy.

“Canis! Stop giving up!”

What's next for the massively bloated Harvest? It may be extinction, but it may be a much more terrible ending than that. 

"shut up! I will fight!”

“You are being tricked by Arcane. Harvest is not your subordinate. Rather, you were Harvest's subordinate. Arcane just used you.”

Canis didn't answer. He'd be lying if he said he wasn't feeling anything. From the time he heard that the final product of the archmage, the magical creature, would become his, he thought that it might be possible. He just didn't have the courage to face reality. If he admits the truth, there is nothing left for him.

“I win! I'm not afraid to die! I will never give in to the likes of you!”

When he came to his senses, he was in Radum, which is called the hell of the world. To Arcane, he was just a consumable. To Harvest, whom he considered a friend, he was nothing more than a fuel tank. It didn't matter anyway. Only the heart that hates the world remains. 

'Canis... … .'

Arin covered his mouth and wept. Canis has always been such a child. She was a poor child who could do nothing for the people she loved, but torturing herself.

“Master! Save Canis! please!"

I didn't even think of being a teacher. Still, he bent over his pride and ejaculated in order to save Kanis. However, Arcane only gave orders to Harvest with cold eyes.

“End here. Harvest.”

The energy-saturated Harvest couldn't answer. He was about to explode, making a sound with vibration. And that was the result Arcane wanted.

- Canis. listen carefully.

- Harvest.

- Arcane intends to explode me. Probably everyone in this place will be caught in the explosion. Then you and I are finished.

Arin solved the mental control of the students. And rushed at Arcane, pouring her tears and her snot.

“Save Canis! Otherwise, I will not forgive you!”

"scale!"

Kanis stood up and said. 

“What are you doing to Master? Stop right now.”

“Canis! This human... … !”

"okay. Master saved us from hell. He said he allowed me to get out of Radum. That's enough. I will fight to the end.”

Did Canis really mean it? But it didn't matter now. His anger was burning so intensely that he even felt relieved of his own death.

"okay! We will all die together!”

Canis shouted to the sky. Hot tears ran down his cheeks. What a dirty life she was. However, if that is his fate, he will face a disgusting end until the end.

"Quaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!"

Huge bubbles bubbled through Harvest's body as the molecules boiled. Now anyone could tell. Arcane was thinking of blowing up the entire school. 

“Sirone! stop! Harvest explodes!”

Sirone, who was pouring out energy in a trance, heard Etella's words and hurriedly stopped the output. However, a detonation reaction was already underway in Harvest's body. He foretold that the 2nd and 3rd explosions would occur when he bizarrely twisted the angle.

"Ha ha ha ha ha! bye! You must feel dirty dying with trash like me! I'm going to end everything with this!”

- Canis. sorry.

Canis' face hardened.

- I will cancel the master-servant contract.

Harvest absorbed all the remaining mental power and canceled the contract. Kanis, feeling deprived as if her soul was draining, fell to the floor with her face in shock. & nbsp;

“Uh, why… … Harvey... … .”

Harvest flew into the sky. How many seconds were left before the explosion? 3 seconds? 2 seconds? In the process of running towards the end of life, the memories permeated in the form of vibrations were revived. Harvey. Harvey. Harvey. It was a pity to think that I could no longer hear the voice I used to call out.

'Quack. Canis. you have that problem Pretending to be strong unnecessarily.'

Since there was no life from the beginning, he was not afraid of death. I was just worried. The sense of betrayal I received through the mental channel was still felt as if we were one body. But now I couldn't convey anything, so Harvest just hoped. 

I hope Kanis isn't hurt too much.

At an altitude of 2 kilometers, where voices do not reach the ground, the corners of the mouth of the shadow's face were grotesquely torn.

“It was fun though. Canis.”

Woooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo!

A huge explosion destroyed the darkness of the world. 

(end of volume 4)

---------------------------------------