Participation (4)

'What is evil?'

Is chaos, is it even lonely?

A being who cannot communicate with anyone outside the law and cannot even understand himself.

Because he is so lonely, even if he kills the whole world, he doesn't feel inspired.

"I say I love you? who? This goblin?”

In terms of whether a human can love a beast, it was a question that only Havitz could ask.

“This is Sirone.”

Sadness crept into Kido's eyes.

“Sirone?”

Sumodo said.

“This is the Wizard of the Ivory Tower I mentioned before. The Balkans define him as the fraternity of this world.”

“Oh, that guy. Hmm.”

Harvits looked up at the sky.

What are you thinking?

Did the word love even bring to mind Abella, whom he had killed with his own hands?

Wu Lin shook her head.

'no. I have no idea.'

Chaos is like that.

Everyone attaches meaning to Havitz's actions, but in reality, it is random coincidences that move him.

“Why did you do that?”

Harbitz lifted Uorin's chin with the tip of his toe.

“Did you think that because you were the Three Emperors, because you were the Empress of Kashan, you could defeat me? Did you really think you were stronger than me?” I thought there was a chance of winning.

However, when he came to the future that Havitz had reached, he realized how futile his hopes were.

'You're almost there? gibberish.' Even if <Law Killing> pursued Havitz to the bottom of his chin, a failure would be just a failure.

'Probabilities are meaningless to Havitz.'

This is because even with a 0.()1 percent probability, the one who exists through it is Havitz.

'A monster created by the universe.'

Uorin defined Habitz as such.

“I didn't know the subject. i can't beat you Please have mercy on me.”

Wu Lin said with sincerity.

“I want to live.”

There had never been such a servile moment in Theraje's life, but there was no resentment.

'This is defeat. That's all.' This world is structured so that no one can win, and in the extreme, there was only one winner.

Taeraje was close to the peak, but he just couldn't jump over the last barrier.

'Currently, the one who rules the world is Harvey Tsu.'

Harvits said.

“Okay, I’ll save you.”

Uorin raised his head, but Havits turned away, disinterested.

"let's go."

Sumodo asked in bewilderment.

“Where are you going?”

“To another battlefield. Shouldn't you finish conquering the world before I call you back?”

Who the hell is calling Harvitz?

“I am going to the Central Continent. Here, tell Vulcan to take care of it. Do you like things like this?”

When Havitz blew a whistle, the magical beast that had been orbiting the sky quickly landed on the ground.

He boarded the wide back, pointed at Uorin right before taking off and said.

"work hard. Enjoy it.”

In the position where her life was saved by the strongest enemy in her life, Uorin felt an indescribable bizarre feeling.

"why… …

Even if I threw away my pride, as a woman with the name Theraje, I couldn't help but ask.

“Are you saving me?”

Shame set in.

“You were my biggest enemy. It's because of me that her wife died. Why?”

“You said you wanted to live?”

The simpler the answer, the more complex the thought.

“I am the Empress of Kashan. It might hit you in the back later and also say, "I don't know what you're talking about."

Harvits was indifferent.

"It doesn't matter whether it's the queen or not. After all, no one is stronger than me. If you hit me in the back, it's enough to fight again.”

The pinnacle of self-exaggeration.

Since it is good and evil defined by humans, he does not even know whether what he is doing is good or evil.

The chaos itself is atrocious.

“It was fun. hi."

Wu Orin was lost in thought while Sumodo stared blankly at the beast that was moving away across the sky.

'hi? Did you say it was fun?'

What is this world really like for Harvitz?

At that moment, the fragmentary information remaining in Theraje's vast database came to mind.

'Maclein Guffin.'

It has already been erased and I don't even remember it.

However, according to the delusion-like memories that popped up the moment I heard Havitz's words... … .

'It was fun. hi.'

I wondered if these were the last words of Guffin before leaving the photon field.

'It must be an illusion.'

She couldn't even remember what she had said, even though she had a background on Guffin.

'But why did I have this thought?'

if true.

'If there is a god.'

Are you really interested in this world?

If this world we live in is nothing more than one of infinite creations.

'Havitz... …

Rather, he must have been the closest human being to God.

“Don't think it's over yet.” Sumodo drew her sword and approached.

“His Majesty saved you, but in order to end this war, your throat must be cut... …

“Sumodooooo!”

As soon as Vulcan, who came running with bloodshot eyes, stopped the beast, he looked around.

“Habits! Where is Harvits?” Sumodo frowned and said.

“I’m gone. They said they left for another battlefield without killing the empress. What are you thinking?”

Balkan had his eyes on Uorin.

Judging by the fact that she was kneeling, he let out a long sigh.

“Ha, that’s it. It's done now.”

Even if arrows rain in front of your eyes, the future where you can catch Havitz does not unfold.

'It was a hair's breadth.'

That's why Sirone's law, which forced Havitz to leave eight kilometers away, was all the more terrible.

'The difference between 1 centimeter and 8 kilometers. That should be seen as the strength of the current law of Sirone.' Vulcan pretended to ride to Sumodo.

"let's go. Leave this to the army of Hell and follow Havitz. You better avoid this place.”

The fact that Habitz left Kashan at all was like a prophecy that a cataclysm would unfold here sooner or later.

As Sumodo boarded the beast, Vulcan grabbed the reins and spoke to Amon.

“Stop Yahweh by any means and methods.”

"Yahweh??????

Amon, who already knew that the Demons of the 7th Corps were being slaughtered, immediately turned around.

As everyone left, Wu Orin thought with the unconscious Kido lying on his lap.

'Sirone, you came.'

I missed you.

“The Empress.”

Twenty wind chimes spun rapidly around her, creating a wind noise.

“I found a weak spot. We will see you.”

Wu Lin shook her head.

"I'm going back to the Hwangseong. Since it's not yet captured, there should be a member of the council. Cure Kido.”

"but… …

“I must see the end of this war.”

Aaaaang!

Finally, Sirone's weapon 'Salsu' entered the Hwangseong.

The demons exploded whenever the engine of <Law Murder>, which was sourced from Yahweh's anger, moved the water cannon.

Shouts of terror were heard on all sides, but there was not a single voice of repentance.

'why!'

I want to ask you, human.

Shouldn't we stop thinking right now and practice love?

'impossible.'

For as long as there is even one evil, good is a stupid, pitiful, and inefficient instrument.

“Aaaaaaa!”

So people think of evil methodology as the prerogative of the cool, smart, and enlightened.

'so… … Are you satisfied now?'

Then, in a world where absolute evil has descended, why do humans shed bloody tears and cry out for help?

'I can forgive you. I'll save you.'

But sometimes.

'It's not too late now! Save the people next to you! Then we can win!'

Even his screaming voice was like an empty echo, and he was terribly angry.

“Uhhh...

Sirone's shout.

Aaaaang!

It turned into a roar of water and exploded the surrounding demons in an instant.

“Yahweh!”

With a loud shout, Amon, clad in black iron armor, collided head-on with the waterspout.

“Great!” Holding the splinter of the watering can with both hands, he pressed it down to the ground, and his pile of dirt began to grow exponentially.

“Is that????

Sirone narrowed her eyes at the situation where the engine of <Law Killing> was resisting for the first time.

'It's the corps commander.'

As he did not loosen his posture even after being pushed several tens of meters away, the water was finally buried deep in the ground.

“Quack. Is it just this, Yahweh?” Uorin arrived at the spire of Aganos riding a wind jang, surveying the battlefield as soon as she landed.

“Sirone… …

I have no doubts about the ability of the five great stars of the Ivory Tower, but Amon's ability, which I saw with my own eyes, surpassed those of the stars.

“Die, Yahweh!”

As Amon swung his sword at great speed, Sirone cast teleportation and retreated.

"this?… ”

In an instant, Amon caught up on the street and swung his sword to decapitate Sirone.

1 second to here.

“Die, Yahweh!”

The same incident was repeated.

As Sirone's learning of the same incident began, the number of responses increased exponentially.

'Stop it!'

Dead.

'We strike back!'

Dead.

With each experience accumulated, Sirone's reaction became faster.

'I found a counterattack route!'

And when I finally broke through the 2,000th car, I could see the sword's trajectory with my own eyes.

' weird.'

For Amon, it was one second.

'It's no coincidence. This is a certain skill.'

I couldn't say for sure what it was, but I could feel a strange jolt in Shirone's movements.

'It's not a physics-based movement. I can't move like this. yeah, it's like... …

It feels like a single movement has been broken down countless times and only the best feelings have been stitched together.

That's why I didn't think it was human even though it was a human moving.

When I saw the movement of a whopping 12,000 experiences accumulated, it felt like the world was rocking like oil.

'Right.'

Amon realized.

'So Satan... … After about 40,000 lessons, Sirone seized the opportunity to strike.

'Certainly strong.'

In terms of swordsmanship, it was not far behind Fried.

A photon cannon with the strongest power was fired.

'It ends here!'

Clear direct flash.

But to Amon, it felt like a disgusting bend coming in through all the events.

About 98,000 times.

It was the number of times Sirone learned to get the current result.

“Keugh!”

As the photon cannon slammed into Amon's abdomen, his armor exploded before he could even push himself.

“Kuaaaaa!”

Numerous demons collided and bounced off Amon's body as he screamed and was pushed away.

Aaaaaang!

The moment he crashed into the wall, a roar erupted, and all the demons in the middle of the battle stopped moving.

“Brigade commander… …

It was something that could never happen to the limbs who followed Amon through the battlefield.

Sirone let out a rough breath and glared at the pile of stones where Amon was buried.

'I couldn't penetrate it.'

The durability of the body was different from that of other creatures.

"it's okay! can win!"

Uorin, who was watching the battle from the spire of Aganos, clenched her fists in joy.

“If only the corps commander is defeated… …

At that time, vibrations were felt from the ground, and at last, the entire imperial castle began to shake.

“Queen! Evacuate!” Fengzhang shouted, but Wulin's eyes didn't look away from the place where Amon was impaled.

'It's over there.'

Something terrible was brewing.