Electric Civilization (1)

Seventy battle fleets were advancing swiftly through the windless area on the sea.

"Captain, it's a misfire."

A ship of unprecedented size in the world was equipped with all sorts of weapons.

“You don’t have to report them one by one. This is called a greeting. You have to give it a shot so that the other side burns too.”

Jakra Pirates.

A famous pirate in the South Pacific, led by Jakra, the younger brother of King Dionas.

“But it misfired.”

Red hair blazing like flames, wickedly torn eyes peered out over the sea.

“It’s getting awkward. Open all the gates.”

Iso Jakra.

One of the world's 100 most dangerous people, he was a master of schema that no one could stand against.

“Open the gun!”

The hull slowly turned to the left and opened up to 120 guns on the side.

The cannon extended out with an ominous vibrating sound and aimed forward like a thorn.

“Power level 3. Crush it.”

The member operating the device turned his head.

“Here, Captain. If we fire 120 electric guns at the same time, our hull will be blown away as well.”

“It’s okay, hit it.”

It wouldn't be okay at all, but Jakra was a person who didn't care about the aftermath.

said the vice-captain.

“How about luring it in first? If you can avoid a head-on confrontation, avoid it

It was Your Highness' name.”

For Dionas to make a pact with Arachne, in itself, was not a losing trade.

The problem is Rangi.

For pirates, wealth is something that can be taken away again, but humans cannot replace it.

What the Jakra Pirates had to do was to induce a fight and steal her away.

“If Rangi is taken away, there is no reason to be at a disadvantage in negotiations. The opponent is Yahweh. There is no need to provoke you, right?”

“Yahweh.”

Even Jack had heard of it.

"what… … You said you were just saving the world? Why doesn't a guy like that come to me? Am I not the most pitiful person?”

The vice-captain spoke only to the point.

“He is a strong man. The history is splendid.”

“Yes, he must be a very strong guy. On the other hand, I'm a coward, vicious, less-than-falling pirate."

The vice-captain did not deny it.

“Hahaha! good! I'll show you a pirate battle. Kill the weak ones first! Bullying, threatening!”

Jakra stood up and pointed forward.

“I am the king and I am Nabal, and on the sea I am the god! I'll do it if I do! Crush it!”

The vice-captain sighed, looked back and nodded, and the sailor entered the coordinates.

“Electric gun 120 doors open. Power level 3. Projectile Estimation Velocity... … Mach 4.2.”

The people who had not yet left the deck watched Poine with dazed expressions.

Half of the shells that fell with a thud were crumpled with finger marks.

"what? Cannon by hand... … Even on a sailboat, few people knew that her true identity was a dragon.

“Messiah.”

Poine approached Sirone, who still kept his eyes on the enemy fleet.

“The velocity of the projectile has exceeded the speed of sound. If I hadn't watched in advance, there would have been damage.”

It was the reason Sirone kept her seat.

“How are your hands?”

Even if it had the durability of a dragon, there was a limit to the strength of living things and cells.

Poine looked into his right hand.

"it's okay."

Regardless of his will, his fingertips trembled and the skin on the back of his hand was torn.

“But I don’t think we can be sure what will happen next. I think it would be good to play.”

If Sirone allowed it, he wanted to fly up from this spot and boil the sea with poison.

While people were immersed in thought, people evacuated, and Arachne's sailboat approached this way.

The knights equipped with fly artifacts flew vertically through the air and landed on the deck.

"What happened?"

Past the Templars, Foreign Minister Cairns approached.

“It’s a pirate. It was probably instigated by the kingdom of Dionas, but there is no way to confirm it.”

Cairns did not feel betrayed.

“Sheesh! It's definitely a bastard way. Anyway, where did Benahar go?”

He probably hid somewhere on the evacuation ship, but it was too much to search 300 ships.

Sirone said.

“This is just the beginning. In the event of an engagement, the damage will be out of control. Please retreat.”

“We will fight too. We have prepared the most elite knights in preparation for such a case.”

It was a battle that he could not give up as he had already been defeated by Sirone in the negotiations.

'If the initiative is taken away, Mika's relics will also be taken away by Sirone.'

Sirone looked back at Arachne's sailboat and met eyes with Rangi who was standing on the deck.

“… … follow your heart. But if you decide to fight, I will classify you as a combatant.”

In some cases, it meant being a strategic scapegoat, and Cairns agreed.

"of course."

As the Knights marched to the top of the deck, Poine made a serious expression.

“Looks like you have no intention of having a conversation.”

A battleship with more than 100 open guns could be seen in the huge lens of light that Sirone opened.

“I-that… …

A hot haze appeared over the battleship, and it pushed away from the sea at great speed.

'It's faster.' The Knights witnessed 120 shells approaching, beating the sound... … .

'damage.'

A reaction was impossible.

Although failing to dodge something at close range is a pattern familiar to the brain.

'uh? uh uh huh?'

My nerves screamed as I encountered something approaching at great speed from a distance.

Aaaaaaaang!

When the roar arrived, the knights felt as if time had been reversed.

'Hand of God.'

The shells had already arrived, and there was an illusion that Sirone had moved behind them.

“Big!”

Sirone shouted as he sprayed the 120 cannonballs he had swept with the hand of light into the air.

“Poine!”

As if waiting, the corner of Poine's mouth was viciously torn and his skin cracked.

“Aaaaaang!”

The knights stared blankly at her mimicry as she soared into the sky.

"Dragon… …

Compared to the generally imagined dragon, it had a very skinny and long body.

“Keugh! Avoid!”

Feeling serious, the Knights took Cairns and retreated to the captain's office.

The miasma seeping through the scales made it difficult to breathe.

“Little people… …

Sirone was the reason for limiting the apostle's mimicry, and once mimicking, even a bit of humanity disappears.

'I'm so pissed off. I can't stop it.'

Due to her personality, she would do it even if it meant being killed by the Messiah.

"Follow me!"

When Sirone spread his wings and flew to the pirates, Poine followed.

“Karrrrrr!”

A boiling sound came from the venomous dragon's throat, and thick green smoke leaked out.

“Aaaaaang!”

At a point 300 meters away from the pirate fleet, Poine cast a breath, Haze of Despair.

Smoke, like the tail of a meteorite, filled the sea in an instant.

I heard the screams of the pirates.

"gas! gas!"

The charging time is 2 hours, which is short among the 12 apostles, but the holding power exceeded 2 hours.

“Aaaaaa! Flesh, flesh is melting!”

Hearing screams from the huge green cloud, Sirone looked at the allied fleet.

'At this distance is fine.'

If it wasn't for the windless zone, the toxic smoke would have killed allies along with the wind.

“Hehe, the smell of rotting flesh is fragrant.”

Sirone stretched her neck and glanced at Poine, who was looking down, then sighed.

“But what if I cast a breath? You can't figure out the identity of the enemy.”

“The mimicry was permitted by Messiah. If it wasn't for the one-hit kill, the damage to our allies would have been great.”

They were definitely those who handled dangerous weapons.

"huh?"

Sensing that the temperament of the air had suddenly changed, Sirone hurriedly turned her head.

The green clouds that were just floating were spinning, gradually picking up speed.

"what?"

Huge bolts of electricity surged out of the clouds, striking lightning-like stalks everywhere.

'magnetic field?'

The green smoke dissipated outside, revealing a battleship engulfed in a magnetic field.

“Hahaha! Is it only this much? Being a dragon is no big deal. is not it?"

Poine's eyes grew bloody at Jakra's words.

“I’ll chew it myself.”

"Wait a minute."

The enemy's formation was empty somewhere.

“The number of ships is insufficient. More than thirty ships have disappeared.”

When Sirone, who saw the situation, looked behind her, the pirate ship that had disappeared was chasing the evacuation ship.

'I didn't see it?'

As if by magic, the ship moved through space.

“Save the world, Yahweh!”

At the place where the voice was heard, Jakra raised her index finger to the sky and smiled.

"huh? no, can't you? this is soon

Because 'Birdron' will burn everything. Fuhahaha!”

Poine's body leaks poison

came out clean

However, compared to Sirone's life, it was material.

“… … I'm waiting for you."

At the same time as the wings flutter

Shiro

width

Your body roared across the sea like a flash of light.

“Big!”

Flying at breakneck speed, Sirone saw and was convinced of the pirate ship's location.

'Even if I fly like this, it takes more than 2 seconds. It must have happened physically impossible.'

Thousands of shadows rose from the thirty pirate ships like birds taking off.

'Is that Birdron?'

It was a small orb with vibrating metal wings, and as soon as it caught the target, it scattered in all directions.

"this… …

Sirone moved, and thousands of bird drones hit the friendly fleet in a huge trajectory.

Aaaaaaaang!

A chain of explosions so huge that one could guess the firepower even from afar.

“Puhahaha! what? He said it was Yahweh, but it's nothing, right? Who am I going to protect now?”

The members trembled at the attitude of Jakra, who did not care about the dragon floating in the sky.

'He's our captain, but he's a real madman.'

It was strange that he always led battles to victory while not paying attention to the superiority of power.

"hey! Why don't you come down when you get mad? I've wanted to catch a dragon for a long time!"

As Jakra drew his sword and provoked him, Poine, who had been watching the smoke, turned his head.

“I am not punishing you.” At that moment, the member who was looking toward the horizon through a telescope shouted with a surprised expression.

“Captain! me, there... … !”

Jakra frowned and pressed his temples, and light came into his eyes.

The place where Birdron's smoke disappeared was not the evacuation ship, but the Hand of God.

"what? Where have you all gone?”

The Hand of God spread out his palm as if to show him, but there was nothing.

As Jakra's expression turned cold, the Hand of God quickly waved his hand.

And as the next moment hit the sea, nearly 300 evacuation boats appeared.

Neither the pirates nor the refugees, even Poine, could not understand what was going on.

“Hand of God.”

Sirone said.

“Slate of Hands (hand skills).”