[571] Reaction and response (3)

* * *

A closed training ground to the southwest of Alpheas Magic School.

Although it is a training ground that is not in use now, the area of ​​the battlefield was not a position to be disqualified outside the field because it was based on 30 years ago.

When Iruki stopped at a place where conventional training equipment was piled up, the team members arrived one after another.

Amy, who had been chasing after Frings, walked towards me with great courage.

"cadet! It escapes like a real loach! Have you oiled yourself?”

Iruki greeted her and said.

“It was a good play. Thanks to you, I was able to stop Eden.”

“I took the third party and I went. If the hand is unfavorable, it can be counterattacked.”

said Dorothy.

“I collected the scrambles that Iruki gave up.”

They had no means of contact, but they moved organically just by looking at the coordinates and current status.

“So Dorothy has collected four cards?”

"huh. I have the Triad, and the last card is still open.”

“Try it now. Because I think I need to look at my hand and come up with a strategy.”

Dorothy said, holding out a random card.

"open."

As black came out, the strongest ○●○● (democracy) in the 4th stage was completed.

"nice. this would do it On the other contestants' master cards, Dorothy's current status will appear as ⓡⓡ●ⓡ. If you hit the strongest hand with three random cards, you can bet aggressively.”

Sabina said.

“The problem is Eden. Probably trying to make infinity.”

“That's why I summoned you. From the next round, give up scramble and find Eden. When you find it, tell me the location with Shining.”

“Are you okay? That's too much of a loss on our part.”

"know. But let's hold on for today. Dorothy has captured democracy, so if you cast Kang, you'll be able to knock out at least one of your enemies. Then you won't lose much in the number of cards. Besides, Sirone probably wants democracy... … .”

Iruki looked around.

“Has Sirone come yet?”

"huh. Judging from the coordinates, it seems to be on the opposite side of here.”

“But you learned the topography of the hideout in advance. If you cast space shift... … .”

Just then, I heard footsteps outside the training ground.

Everyone looked around cautiously, but Sirone appeared with a tired expression.

“Sirone? What are you like?”

His face was red with the blood that flowed from his forehead, and his body was covered in dust.

Silently passing by her friends, Sirone sat down on a pile of equipment and took a deep breath.

“Are you late? sorry."

"What happened? Did you even fall off a cliff?”

“Kayden… … I don’t hang kang.”

Everyone who couldn't understand at once looked back at each other, but Sirone raised her head with wide eyes.

“It seems crazy. They fought for six hours.”

My friends put on a puzzled look.

"You've been fighting all this time? What about scramble?”

“I kept collecting. But somehow they found me right away.”

"It's Hercy's ability."

Sona's positioning can be said to be the strongest among the series.

"so… … How are you dealing with me? It looks like you're injured.”

Sirone touched his forehead.

“At first I was embarrassed because it was a prosecutor. But after that, I think it's worth doing. Of course, it's a search battle, so we'll have to stick together to find out.”

Cayden's use of a sword was something that could not be seen even in the graduation exam, so I couldn't get a sense of it just by hearing Sirone's words.

'Fermi's party are all professional level wizards. If I had only dealt with him with a sword, I'd have room to watch him a little longer.'

Sirone raised her head.

'How was it anyway? What about Eden?'

Sirone was also guessing the enemy's strategy.

“I blocked it. And you have to keep blocking. For now, Dorothy has completed democracy.”

Iruki explained the operation.

“Eden is now a saint (○○). If we have only three cards, we win unconditionally, unless we lose completely. However, don't bet Kang. She won't fight anyway.”

If she breaks with non-violence, the omnipotence of the mighty defense will weaken.

“From the next round onwards, their movements will become more complicated. On the contrary, Hercy will find out where we are.”

said Dorothy.

“When we're together like now, even Hersy won't be able to know exactly. But you can’t summon every order, can you?”

Iruki nodded and turned to Shirone.

"In that sense… … How did that go?”

Sirone pulled out a card.

“I currently have three cards. All of them were selected at random, and now it's the third round (○●○).”

Nade raised an eyebrow.

“How many times have you turned it?”

“Three times at the end. Black appeared twice in a row.”

confirmed with this

Poems and Misfortunes can randomly return a confirmed card.

“Come to think of it, one second is a fairly long time.”

"yes. Originally, judgment is made at zero seconds. Anyway, if you can only collect scrambles, you can have the strongest hand.”

Sabina asked.

"What are you talking about? What happened to your hair?”

Nade put his hand on Sabina's shoulder.

“I’ll tell you later. So far we have an advantage. Let’s block Eden’s poison today, and prepare countermeasures tomorrow.”

Iruki said.

“Since we can’t collect scrambles, Sirone and Dorothy actively bet Kang.”

"okay."

I heard Lulu's voice.

“There are 10 minutes left until the 4th scramble summons.”

* * *

“Principal, this is Pandora.”

As I knocked on the door of the principal's office and waited, I heard Alfeas' voice.

“Come in.”

Alpheas, assistant principal Olivia, and graduating class head teacher Collie were all in the principal's office.

It was unusual, but Pandora guessed that it had something to do with the large absence of students today.

It also had nothing to do with the reason she came.

“Thank you for taking the time to interview me.”

“It is natural. So, what did you ask to see?”

Pandora took a deep breath and approached the desk.

“I hope you completely review the fairness of the senior class evaluation.”

Teachers were silent.

Pandora specializes in scent magic.

At one time, he was a promising player competing for first and second place with Boyle in the advanced class, but he was now in 23rd place due to the joining of Sirone's team and Dante's team and strong senior class competitors.

“I have no complaints about my low rank. It's because I'm ugly. but… … How could this be?”

Her question is valid.

“During the vacation, I took time to research the data. We also collected data from the five most prestigious families in the kingdom.”

“Pandora… … .”

Olivia tried to speak, but shut her mouth.

“Do you know how the numbers came out? The average ability of the graduating class of Alpheas Magic School is 3.8 times higher than the average of the other 5 prestigious schools. The average is 3.8 times.”

It was a situation that the teacher society was already aware of.

“This is absurd. Alpheas Magic School is having a much tougher competition than the Royal Magic School, which has 20 graduates. Increase Tio, or... … .”

“It is not that simple.”

Alpheas said.

“Tio is not simply decided. Because in any school, there are cases where talented people gather in a year.”

“Even the principal knows!”

Pandora's voice rose.

“It's not just this year. Team Fermi, Frings, Anchal, and Eden are all skills that should have already become pros. Last year, Anchal didn't even break the seal on Majeongan. That he has no intention of graduating.”

Collie said.

“But that is a personal decision.”

“Of course it is. However, I think it is definitely a problem that such talented people accumulate in the graduating class every year. If you examine the records of Alpheas Magic School, the graduation rate of those in the upper ranks from 7 years ago is less than 30%. It is obviously an abnormal figure, and it means that the circulation structure of graduates has collapsed for some reason.”

“Surely so.”

Alpheas said.

“But Pandora, there is a logical leap in your argument. You shouldn't combine the low graduation rate of top students with the high average skill of this year's graduates. The reason this year's graduating class' ability is so high is because the ability of the freshmen is rather strong. The freshmen who were on the same line as you.”

Also, sophistry does not work.

In fact, aren't Dante, Amy, and Iruki competing at the top?

Pandora's eyes watered as she bit them.

“Honestly too… … It is difficult."

The teachers' eyes softened.

“You may feel cowardly, but I don’t think it’s really fair. Is it so wrong to want to at least compete with other prestigious schools? If this is the case, no one will want to enter Alpheas Magic School.”

That, too, is a matter of individual judgment, but Olivia kept her mouth shut this time as well.

A student who has steadily followed the elite course, fighting for the top spot from the lower class.

The 23rd place in the graduating class was probably the first number she had ever received in her life.

“Yes, Pandora. I'm at the teacher's association... … .”

“There is a problem.”

Alpheas interrupted Olivia.

“There are always and everywhere problems.”

Pandora raised her sore eyes.

“Alpheas Magic School might be wrong. But, Pandora, it won't be a matter of your graduation. Because everyone in the senior class is competing on the same issue. When I thought of you, there is only one problem with you.”

Alpheas sighed and said.

"It's just that in the year you take the graduation exam, there are too many people who are better than you."

Real competition begins the moment you accept that reality isn't fair.

That's why everyone except Pandora is fighting in silence.

“It sounds cruel, but you know that, right? The only world that listens to you saying what you want is a dream. Organizations cannot work for individuals. It's not that I can't, it's that I can't. That's why you have to make a choice to achieve what you want. Fight the school on behalf of the majority, or fight yourself. Any resolution other than that is nothing more than a delusion. do you understand You are a wizard too.”

“… … yes."

We must overcome.

Because someone is overcoming it and running towards success.

Looking at the sad Pandora, Collie thought.

'It's a disgustingly cruel, fucking competitive system.'

“Thank you for your time. Let's go.”

When Pandora left after a gloomy greeting, the three teachers finally expressed their sincerity.

“There is a point in what Pandora said.”

Olivia was the first to comment.

"I think this year's senior year is too hot."

Collie, who is in charge of the senior class, said.

“It’s because the talented people have accumulated over and over again. It is said that it is based on the individual student's judgment, but honestly, at this point, even that is ambiguous. What about the teachers’ association?”

“I’m ignoring it even though I know it. You don't want to bring it to the surface.”

“Estas.”

Alpheas said.

“Professional-level players are aiming for Eastas and staying at school. The talented players piled up one by one, and then it exploded this year. With large rookies coming in droves. No wonder Pandora feels deprived.”

Olivia sighed.

“Knowing that, you speak so cruelly? Please calm down and send it.”

“If there was room for improvement, we did it right away. But you know what? The teachers’ association won’t change their minds.”

Olivia sighed.

“Miro is already out in the world. Now we have to close down Estas.”

“I was thinking. But the students were one step faster.”

Collie said.

“Scramble Royale has begun. The 12 people I reported to during the day are currently participating in the war.”

“They’re like troublemakers.”

Alfeas stood up and looked out the window.

“What if I stop Scramble Royale?”

“It gets pretty complicated. The teachers' association will take the students' side unconditionally and schools will be closed. This is a matter of world politics. Kashan, the Order of Yore, the Kingdom of Tormia, and especially Anchal are almost certain to be spies of the Jincheon Empire, so the correct answer is to keep quiet and shut it down next year.”

Collie stroked her throbbing hair.

“Fermi’s Ardino family is also a problem. Anyway, you have to endure until the graduation exam.”

Alpheas let out a dejected laugh.

“This will be the best graduation exam in school history.”

Olivia added.

“Or, it becomes the worst graduation exam.”

---------------------------------------