[185] 4. Reversal of the Law (6)

Guard Rock found the place he wanted not far away.

It was a place where the valley subsided and cracked. It was a gap that one person could barely enter, and a ray of light was coming down through the gap.

“Look here.”

Gadlock pointed to the center of the flash and said. Only there was a single light concentrating on it. It was fluffy like snowflakes, but if you looked closely, you could see grains of light swirling around.

Sirone looked at it and scratched her head. How should I explain it? Due to the nature of light, it was impossible for particles to naturally agglomerate.

Of course, the Norse thought was not different.

Gardlock said while covering the particles of light with both hands, as if emphasizing that it was a unique phenomenon.

“Can you see the light only converging here?”

"yes. But how is this possible?”

“It’s Jeong. The spirit of light dwells here.”

"therefore… … Do you mean that Jung is collecting light?”

"no. Because the light stayed for a long time, affection came to dwell in it. Jeong can be anywhere. It can dwell in wind, water, and even thoughts. Of course, as long as that thought doesn’t change for an eternity.”

I wondered if Sirone had a similar concept to magic stones.

It was a phenomenon in which the concept of a certain quality was materialized when it was stored for a very long time.

“If the spirit dwells in one place for a long time, it becomes a spirit. So, the spirit... … I'm talking about the spirit with activity. Besides, you can make contracts with humans. If you make a contract with the spirit of light, you can use the power of light anytime, anywhere. But saving is picking stars from the sky.”

Sirone pointed to Jeong and said.

“Then this light will also become a spirit someday?”

“Haha, that’s right. Wouldn't it be a thousand years? Unless it perishes in the meantime.”

thousand years. It was much longer than the time given to humans. Perhaps the period during which certain qualities become positive is also similar. I understood the saying that saving the spirit is picking stars in the sky.

“Anyway, you can go to Norr's Resting Area through this place. Everyone gather here.”

“The space is small, so don’t a few people have to cross over to the other side?”

"are you okay. Come to think of it, the magic of the land country doesn't have a wide radius. We can increase the size as long as we have the affection of light. It's like this.”

Guardlock grabbed the bundle of light. His fists turned golden and rode up to his shoulders.

Sooner or later, the light seemed to spread throughout the body.

Since the power of nature is infinite, humans who borrow that power can scale up as much as they like.

However, it seemed to take quite a bit of time.

After a long time, the light did not pass over his shoulder, and a mysterious light passed through Gadlock's eyes.

“Strange. why does it take so long Usually five minutes is enough.”

“Master, isn’t it that the affection of light has weakened?”

"No way. I did it 3 days ago with no problems. It takes at least hundreds of years for the aura of justice to change. Or what factors are weakening the aura of justice?”

“But it can't be. Because there is only one law here. That’s why we also use it as an intermediate base.”

From Clove's words, Gadlock realized. It may be a delusion, but it was a bigger delusion to leave the only correct answer and look for other factors.

"no way… … ! But why?”

The light began to waver. Then the ground, and finally the whole valley, shook like an earthquake.

"What's wrong? What's wrong?”

“Quickly get out of here! It's a whirlwind serpent! Things are getting messy!”

If the cliff collapsed, it would have been overpowered, so Sirone and the others hurriedly escaped through the gap in the valley.

Looking outside, everything around me was shaking. It was clear that any being of this size was close.

But looking around, I didn't see anything that looked like a snake.

"shit! Where are you? Where are you from?”

Lian pulled out her greatsword and stood in front of Sirone.

The wizards also formed formations and entered a battle posture.

Tess focused her senses and explored her surroundings. The left tremors and the right tremors are different. It's going around the corner on the right.

Tess finally felt something strange when the ground shook so much that it was difficult to keep her balance. Her senses and reality don't match. At this level of trembling, it was normal for her to appear before her eyes.

“Hey, over there!”

Sirone pointed with a surprised expression.

A cute little white creature was propped up on all fours on a rock three meters away.

No, can this really be called a living thing?

There were no eyes, no nose, no mouth. Her appearance resembled a salamander, but the surface was smooth as if it had been carved from jade.

I had never seen such a white creature in my entire life.

"what? Is this a vortex snake?”

“Not that way!”

At Guard Rock's cry, Sirone reflexively took a backward step. His eyes opened and he could finally see him.

The shadow of the whirlpool serpent hung over the valley. Unbelievably, it was a huge shadow that filled the entire cliff.

Sirone turned her eyes to the rock again. The body of the salamander-like creature glowed intensely.

The shadows are raised with the light emitted from the body.

By the time I realized that, a shadow had already emerged from the cliff and was flying in, tearing at the corners of its huge mouth.

A veil of darkness blocked the view. It was so large that it exceeded common sense, so I didn't even think it was being attacked.

The moment Sirone and the others were trapped in darkness, Guard Rock, who was watching from the gap in the valley, shouted.

"Dangerous!"

Sirone's beam exploded.

The moment the light spread, everyone realized that a sharp shadow rake was right in front of them.

Even if it was a little late, the flesh would have fallen off.

Kyaaaaaa!

The whirlpool serpent that had been ripped apart in a frenzy screamed.

Perhaps it is the same description as Harvest. Because a creature without a mouth cannot have a sound organ.

When they came to their senses, everyone could see the shadow of the vortex snake moving away like a storm cloud.

It was fortunate that the first attack was stopped.

Most prey are killed in the first attack of the vortex snake. It's because you can't even see the attack coming in because you're doing something in the dark.

Amy asked, wiping away a cold sweat.

“What is that? Is it a creature or not? Is that salamander-looking thing piloting it?”

Gadlock said as he came out of a crevice in the valley.

“No, the reality of the whirlpool snake is a shadow. no body Standing on the rock is nothing more than an 'incarnation' created by the shadow of the Whirling Serpent.”

“Where in the world is there such a thing? There must be a body to have a shadow!”

“I don’t know. We call this 'reversal of the law'. That's an alien species. I don't know where it came from, but it's definitely not the world we can imagine."

The whirlpool snake didn't come close. None of the humans he had defeated so far emitted light, so it was natural to be wary.

As the incarnation's body shone, the shadow grew larger. It was like a wild beast making a display in front of an enemy.

Sirone realized from that fact. Maybe this isn't his grave.

“It looks like a wild beast. Wasn't it a common predator in the original world? like a cat or mouse. A creature at the top of the pyramid would not take such a defensive response.”

"cat? mouse? Are you kidding me now?”

Kanya represented what everyone wanted to say. But besides Sirone, there was one more person who realized that.

It was Canis.

He watched the whirlpool snake's every move with awe-inspiring eyes.

'It really did exist, a world where darkness rules over light.'

reversal of the law. What was written on Arcane's note was true.

“Sirone is right. In a world where the rules were really reversed, all creatures would exist as shadows. If so, it wouldn't have been particularly strong just because it was a whirlpool snake. Of course things are different here.”

Guard Rock looked through the cracks in the valley.

As expected, the law of the whirlpool serpent had been activated, so the energy of light had weakened.

Escape from this state was impossible.

But it wasn't the time to give up. It was because the waves of light that Sirone showed off were strong enough to make the whirlpool snake retreat.

“Hey, we’ve passed the crisis, but we’re nervous. His weakness is light. So he is not active during the day. I don't know why the law was broken, but if you use light magic, you have a chance.”

Sirone recalled the battle with Harvest. What I learned from that battle was that the impact was not important to the dark. The key was the total amount of energy.

When Sirone cast the photon cannon, 8 photons were born in irregular positions on the left and right sides.

All 8 flashes of light were immersed in the whirlpool snake. A terrible scream erupted.

Amy fired fireballs. Since there is light in the flame, it will be effective.

The shadow of the whirlpool serpent caught fire.

But it was just such a shock that an ant climbed on the elephant and pinched its skin. To be honest, it was such a huge shadow that I thought it was a foul play.

Canis' magic couldn't even be tried. He tried to attack with the power of darkness, but rather the power was being absorbed.

Winning or losing between the same attributes is judged by brute strength.

If you can't master the darkness bigger than the vortex snake, you will be eaten.

Sirone left the group of friends. It could be really dangerous if its veil covers it again.

True to its name, the whirlpool snake was moving in a way that rotated greatly through space. After slamming a photon cannon into his side, he struggled in pain and pursued Sirone.

As the whirlpool serpent swerved sharply, its huge tail curved towards Amy and the others.

Clove grabbed his head and screamed.

“Aaaaaa! come!"

Amy unleashed a fire mist. The smoke of her fire protected everyone, but she couldn't burn her tail this much.

As if sweeping with a broomstick, the moment the tail was about to blow away the party, Amy even cast an additional fire wall.

The tail caught fire. Then the trajectory did not change.

Amy bit her lip and increased her firepower. Even if she dies, she intends to keep this position.

The tail, which had been flying into Amy's body, suddenly moved away and grazed her face. The whirlpool snake, unable to withstand the pain of fire, threw her body out.

“Sirone!”

Amy screamed before she could catch her breath.

The whirlpool snake opened its jaws and swallowed Sirone. At the same time, the snake's face exploded as the berserk exploded.

The high-speed continuous fire of the Photon Cannon exploded.

Amy calculated it to be two hundred rounds per minute. If it was Sirone who set the best record in the school in the speed gun test, it was possible.

The rate of fire was getting faster. Then it became a flash of light and pushed the shadow to the opposite wall.

It is the subtraction of mass from photons.

Since the impact force was zero, it couldn't tear the shadow apart, but the flash entered the body little by little.

“What kind of magic is that? Nonsense! There's no way something like that is possible!”

It's good when your teammates win, but Clove couldn't accept the reality that was happening right in front of her.

It was embarrassing for Kanya and Lena as well.

Unlike the Meccans, the Norse can exert great power alone. But I've never seen anything like it in heaven.

It was awe-inspiring to see him fight alone against the vortex snake that everyone feared.

Above all, winning. I shuddered at the sight of the whirlpool snake clinging to the wall and writhing.

Sirone's flash turned red.

From photon cannon to photon output, if you further increase the energy level here, it is compressed into a single wavelength laser.

The whirlpool serpent restored the realm of shadow and pushed the laser, but even that was scattered in a series of explosions.

Kyaaaaaa!

It was a ferocious roar.

The whirlpool snake was afraid.

In the original world, it was the lowest predator. Then, it was 10,000 years ago that he passed through a strange tunnel and came over to heaven.

Evolution was impossible in this place without natural enemies, and they just lived comfortably.

But now that comfort is about to break. To the insignificant human beings who had been ripped apart for fun.

---------------------------------------