[50] Strange Study Group (2)

Nade immediately showed interest. But then the class bell rang and the conversation was cut off. 

“Teacher is coming. Let's go in.”

Sirone forgot about the study group for a while and focused on class. The day's work is over with the last class at 5:00 PM. Sirone packed her bag with Nade and left the classroom.

“First of all, let’s talk with Iruki.” 

Nade took Sirone to the study group. Arriving at the magic warehouse Istas, Sirone stared blankly at the building. If the Eastas I saw last time were in the form of a colony, now it was in the form of several towers.

“Every time I see this, it’s amazing.”

“Since there are only 89 buildings, there is no end to the pattern. I hope Iruki is awake.”

The interior of Estas was as different as its exterior. However, Nade headed for the lab, going all over the complicated road.

“I’ve been curious about it before, but how do you find your way? If the structure keeps changing, it’s useless to mark it, right?”

“Whoops. I don't use such a low-level method. Literally memorize everything. A long time ago, a senior member of the Research Club restored the blueprints for Istas.”

Sirone made a surprised expression. It was not simply drawing a blueprint for a single building, but figuring out the mechanism of a complex structure with an enormous pattern.

Nade said, pointing to the ceiling of the aisle.

“Now, if you look over there, there are three dots, right? That means this is Room 3. If you're in room 3, just look at the color of the iron door in the third warehouse. is it blue? Then the name of this place will be the blue color in room 3.”

Sirone's gaze followed Nade's fingers.

“If you check that far, count the number of warehouses connected to this place next. There are four forks in the road, so there are four warehouses. It is important from here on. Substitute the number in the room with X, the color with a number Y, and the warehouse number with Z, and then substitute them into the equation.”

“Which equation?”

“It is an equation that the seniors made by analyzing the patterns of Istas. If you substitute a number there, you get a year with two decimal places. You can figure out the direction with that number. Therefore, there is absolutely no way you will get lost in Istas as long as you memorize this equation. In a word, a mathematical master key?”

Sirone wondered if it was necessary to put so much effort into research activities, not just department classes. Estas boasts a tremendous pattern. Even so, the seniors who calculated all the patterns and completed them into a single equation. Finally, I felt that there must be something that others do not know about this study group.

“But wouldn’t it take too long to get there if I had to pay for each warehouse change?”

“It’s only at first, but if you master it every day, you get used to it. It's called a routine. After about three months, you will feel it sensibly.”

Sirone understood and nodded.

“It's really great. The labyrinth’s escape plan is an equation.”

“I guess among the first members there was a Servant like Iruki. When Iruki first saw the equation, he said it was incredibly beautiful. Anyway, this fact should never be revealed. If the master key is leaked outside, it will be a big deal.”

I was grateful to Nade for telling me such an important fact. However, on the other hand, he secretly expressed his desire for her to join the research society.

A place where unproductive and maddening obsession of seniors from the beginning are gathered. That was the Supernatural Psychic Science Research Society hiding in the Eastas Labyrinth.

The two walked for about 10 minutes to reach the lab. As before, the sign was slanted at an angle. As soon as I opened the door, a cloud of dust rose. But this time, he was able to avoid the disaster by keeping his mouth shut.

“Iruki, we are here.”

As Nade spoke without looking, Iruki, who was writing down formulas on the blackboard, turned around. Then he looked at Sirone and he grinned.

“Hey, Sirone. What's up? You thought you would never come back to such a shady place?”

Nade burst into laughter as he recalled the past.

"haha! It did. But now I want to join.”

“Hoo?”

Iruki opened her eyes in surprise. Even in his opinion, it was not a place where his model student, Sirone, could put his body.

“Joining is also a subscription, but I came because I had one concern. I thought I would get some advice from you guys.”

“I worry about the genius who beat me. I don’t think it would be a huge concern even if you didn’t listen.”

Now that Shirone knew Iruki's personality, he didn't feel bad about the sarcasm.

“Something seems to have changed since the speed gun test. I have nightmares and when I wake up it's kind of creepy. It's like there's someone next to you. Could this possibly be related to the supernatural or psychic? Aren’t you guys going to be knowledgeable about this?”

Nade and Iruki's eyes shone. As an unknown seeker and unknown critic, I was interested in Sirone's words.

“Then you have come to the right place. now. Please sit here for now.”

When Nade dusted the sofa, a huge cloud of dust rose. Shirone waved her hand in fright. She finally realized the identity of the abnormally accumulated dust. It was Iruki's chalk powder.

“No, I will just sit down. Please don't do anything in this room. Or clean it up normally.”

"now. Don't give in to mere fine dust, you are the first client of the research society. Come on, tell me your business.”

Nade and Iruki pulled a chair and sat down. Seeing her waiting with her legs crossed arrogantly like an expert, Sirone was full of spirits, but said with a desperate heart that a thirsty person was digging a well.

"That's it. I've been dreaming these days... … .”

Sirone explained about the dreams she had every day. And he also spoke of a strange sensation that came over and over again.

“I don’t know what the heck is. Didn't something like a ghost enter my body? Have you ever heard of something similar?”

Unexpected silence came. 

Sirone swallowed his saliva. He thought he would say something, even as a joke, but their expressions were as serious as ever.

"what? Why are you doing this? Are you guys kidding me again?”

Nade scratched his eyebrows embarrassingly.

“Um, that’s over there… … Hearing it, it's pretty.”

“What do you mean? Please explain in detail.”

“That feeling you felt. It's creepy, and it feels like you can feel something even though you can't see it. That’s what the psychic world calls paranormal.”

“A portrait? Psychics?”

When an unfamiliar term came out, Sirone became even more nervous. Nade touched his temple, thoughtful, then gave an example.

“200 years ago, a scholar performed an experiment on a death row inmate. It's called soul electrolysis, and it's a hypothesis that if a person's soul is made of matter, it can be disassembled with electricity. here's how Containing the condemned inmate in a sealed, electrically metal box and passing an electric current through it. However, the experiment was stopped in the middle because it was so inhumane. Thanks to that, the death row inmate was saved, but he was said to have been unconscious for a month. The problem starts now. The death row inmate who finally woke up knew everything about the situation outside while he was unconscious.”

"Nonsense. How could that be?”

“So it's amazing. Scholars have hypothesized the ionization of the soul. When the soul was electrolyzed, an electromagnetic force was generated that attracted the information of the world to the death row inmate. Of course, I was treated like a lunatic in academia. Besides, there were rumors that the death row inmate bribed the guards to get information in order to save his life.”

"wow. There have been experiments like that.”

“Orthodox scholars do not acknowledge it, but it is still a hot topic in the psychic world. Besides, the séance, a formal religious organization, recognizes the trance state, right? Therefore, I think that the ionization of the soul is also not an absurd story. In any case, the sensation that the death row inmate felt is called portraiture in this field.”

A chill ran down Sirone's spine. As the word paranormal connects with nightmares, I thought it might be real.

“Now, then, it is my turn to state my conclusions.”

Sirone got out of her thoughts and raised her head. I wondered how logical Iruki was accepting it. Come to think of it, it was a pretty cool combination in this field.

“But I have something to ask you first. You said that you developed a sense of paranormal after the speed gun test, right? Surely your photon output was different than usual that day. If it's a secret, you don't have to reveal it, but I think it'll help if you tell it.”

Shirone also thought that Iruki was right. To analyze the effect, you need to know the cause. Besides, he wasn't particularly in a hurry at the time, but he didn't really want to keep it a secret from his friends.

Sirone explained in detail the process of reaching the infinite realm. From the realization he found on the journey of Suyeolsik and the pressure of confrontation, to the transcendence of Sue, who had awakened without his knowledge.

Iruki nodded. The concept itself had already been heard from his father. Perhaps Sirone had opened the forbidden door.

“It’s an immortal function.”

“Immortal Function?”

“I heard it when I was little. An absolute function that can solve all the secrets of the world. But I think that would be very dangerous. Because everything is the same as nothing in the end.”

With the story in the same vein as Etella, Sirone realized once again how dangerous the attempt was.

“I was just thinking about it, but I didn’t really expect to go that far. I don't want to experience that again.”

Iruki waved his fingers as if to say something.

“On the contrary. As I said, immortal function is a spiritual state that is already being studied academically. Mind is different from knowledge. Just because you know it with your head doesn't mean everyone can do it like you. Anyway, hearing the story makes me feel a little better. Well, if it's enough to beat me, Immortal Function should do it. Kick kick kick.”

Iruki, who dismissed the immortal function that even Etella was wary of as a talent show, was obviously eccentric. However, it was also true that such an attitude rather reassured Sirone.

“Hmm. Anyway, that was an immortal function. okay. It's a bit tidy now."

"okay? Did you get an answer?”

Instead of answering, Iruki turned his head and looked at the wall. It was as if he was drawing mathematical formulas on a blank sheet of paper.

“I don’t know much about portraits because I’m not a major in the psychic field. But that nightmare you have every day. I can guess what it is. And why do you have such a dream?”

Sirone unknowingly clenched her fists.

"tell me. Any words are fine. I’m ready to hear even nonsense.”

“First of all, dreams distort or exaggerate memories. But your dream is probably a memory projected as it is. It's called a psychological regression phenomenon, and it's the same principle that a person who went into hypnosis clearly remembers their past. Anyway, assuming your nightmares are of that kind... … .”

“Go, what if you assume?”

“What you saw was probably… … It must be space.”

“Uh, space?”

Even Sirone knows what the universe is. A great world outside of this world. But the knowledge ended there. no, who knows? From time immemorial, mankind has known that the universe exists, but no one has actually seen it.

Dragons were the only race to experience the universe. Saint Dragon Gramish, who decided to leave the planet 680 years ago, headed for space in the presence of representatives of each race.

However, it eventually crashed to the ground after 13 hours. At the time, the dragon's corpse was said to be in a state of disrepair.

Representatives of each race separated their bodies according to Gramish's mantra and returned to their respective hometowns, and the evidence obtained there played a huge role in developing cosmology in the future.

“It is what I dreamed of… … universe?"

---------------------------------------