[71] At the Top (5)

The wild beasts were horribly torn and hung from tree branches like laundry. Among the dogs, ferocious carnivores were also seen.

The children who arrived late covered their mouths. By not screaming, they had done enough for the living.

“Ah, Alto. What happened? Is this really what Cowbear did?”

Martin's voice trembled, and Rumina turned her head away and closed her eyes tightly, as if she couldn't bear to see. Sirone made a decision faster than anyone else.

“Let’s go down. I don't think this is a problem for us to solve.”

“No, let’s go a little further. I need to know what it is.”

“Altor! This is a serious problem!”

“So let's go! If something like this enters the mountain, all the prey will leave! Then we will starve to death!”

“I know that, but it’s too dangerous. Let’s go down to the city and report it.”

"Declaration? Didn't you go crazy after playing with a noble? Who do you think cares about the situation of the buyer?”

“You fool, that's what I'm talking about! It's not such a trivial incident that I don't care. look at the beasts over there Can't you see how dangerous the situation we are in right now?”

Martin interrupted.

“Sir, Sirone. Alto. Look over there.”

The bushes were shaking with a rustling sound. Sirone and Alto loaded their arrows at the same time and aimed in the direction of the sound.

Booths. Booths.

The swaying of the leaves heightened the tension. The children also took out their weapons and waited for the mysterious identity to appear. When the slaughterer of the beast finally appeared, Syrone and Artor's arrows rose far above their original target.

“Oh, this can’t be… … .”

The voice of Altor, who was defeated by no one in terms of bravery, was engulfed in fear.

“Krrrr.”

A wolf-like monster over two meters tall was glaring at the children with a stooped posture. Her chest muscles swelled like balloons and her waist was thin. Its arms stretched to its knees, and its clawed claws were as long as a human little finger. His knees were bent with reverse joints, but he looked agile as he supported his body with long soles like a cat.

Martin managed to squeeze his voice out.

“Mo, it’s a monster.”

Evolutionists hold the view that humans and other animals are derived from a single source organism. However, monsters were phylogenetically originating from completely different organisms. Therefore, it is not possible to completely analyze monsters based only on their animal characteristics. They were stronger and more agile than other animals, and even possessed intelligence.

'Bipedal in the appearance of a wolf. It's crying.'

Sirone recalled the knowledge she had learned from the book. Instead of having poor language skills, Ulrk can express hundreds of emotions through sound, and is social enough to live in a tribal life.

It is a balanced type with strong claws, quick mobility, and strong muscle strength, so it was one of the monsters that even monster hunters were reluctant to fight when forming a group.

'But why did you appear here? I know there are no monsters in this area.'

There was only one case that immediately came to mind. The Ulks who were defeated in the war between the tribes moved their residence and flowed here. As if to prove Sirone's thoughts, Ulc's body had scars here and there. It was impossible to guess how much blood had been shed as the blood of numerous animals was entangled in its fur.

The sound of the children's rough breathing awakened Alto's sense of responsibility. As a leader, he had to somehow get out of the situation.

'Anyway, it's a living creature. If it hits the mark, it's an instant death.'

Alto took a deep breath and aimed the arrow. Even though he knew they were targeting him, Ulch calmly watched his prey with his hand on a tree. It was proof of reason.

'die! You dirty bastard!'

Alto's arrow flew like the wind. However, Ulc easily dodged it by turning his head slightly. Then he made the sound of scratching his uvula mockingly.

“Krr. Krrrr.”

The children were astonished at the dynamic vision of avoiding arrows at close range. But that was when the despair began.

Kwaji Jijik!

Ulc broke the trunk of the tree with only his grip. And he shouted at Ultor. 

“Aaaaaang!”

"damn! Run away!”

The moment he saw the brute force that tore off the log, Alto had no desire to reload his arrow again.

Everyone ran towards the top, but Sirone stayed until the end and shot an arrow at Ulc.

“Aaaaaang!”

Sirone's provocation angered Ulk even more. However, thanks to this, the children were able to buy time to escape.

Urlk jumped up with a nimble motion and slammed the top of Sirone's head with his fingernail. At the same time, Sirone's body turned into a flash and soared into the air.

“Kreung?”

Sirone, who was floating in the air due to teleportation, looked down at Ulc from a high place. Because it was deep in the mountains, it was difficult to continuously cast teleportation.

'Not here. I have to go to the top.'

Alto supported the struggling children and ran and ran. He was right not to choose the downhill road. Under these conditions, he would all roll down as he descended.

"hurry! Run fast!”

The children who had thrown away everything, including their armory and luggage, climbed the mountain as if crawling, sticking out their tongues. Rumina shouted.

“What about Sirone? I can't see Sirone!”

“You are buying time! Come up!”

Alto urged the children. I was worried about Sirone, but in the current situation, worrying didn't help anything. First of all, I had to protect even the children. 

“Aaaaaang!”

The moment the children reached the top, Ulck's screams came from the downhill. Alto's brow wrinkled. The fact that the monster came all the way means that Sirone ran away or died.

"damn! There is nowhere to hide!”

The top of the mountain was an empty field close to flat, and there was a cliff at the end. The height of the cliff was only 20 meters, but there was no time to climb down the wall.

“Altor! A monster is here!”

Urlk pulled the ground with his claws and climbed up. The stone-like muscles reflecting the sunlight were clearly visible. Altor, separated from the children, voluntarily became the bait.

"It's here! This way!”

However, the cliffs were everywhere, so there was no place to escape. Alto turned back with a miserable heart. The muscles he trained every day were nothing but the strength of a child in front of monsters.

"shit! I do not know!"

When I was about to die, I thought I would fight even if I died, so I raised my fist at the thought of dying.

“Run quickly!”

Arthur looked around with a surprised expression. He was nowhere to be seen, but before he knew it, you and Shiro were lying around with Urlk.

“Uh, how?”

Altor tried to run to Sirone, but stopped when Sirone's figure turned into light and disappeared.

"wow. Um, is that magic?”

Children who encountered teleportation for the first time were astonished. No matter how fast Ulc ran, when Sirone flashed the light, he missed the target in an instant.

“Aaaaaang!”

Unable to hold back his anger, Ulk cried out. However, the monster's anger was not one-dimensional like the beast's instinct. He thought that whoever he ate was the same meat, so he turned around and ran to where his children were.

“Aaaaaaa!”

The blue-eyed children scattered all over the place. Only the weak-minded Lumina was frozen, unable to even think of running away.

“Lumina! Run away!”

"ah… … . ah… … .”

Sirone held out her hand toward Ulc. And it combines photon-output battery and omnipotence. However, the place where Lumina was located was outside the radius of the Spirit Zone.

'Oops! It doesn't reach.'

Sirone converted the four-way method into a target type. As John changed into the form of a cross, the synesthesia finally caught Ulk.

'Photon output!'

The light flashed out and met Ulc's eyes. Woolk covered his eyes at the sudden radiance and screamed.

"it's okay! Sirone killed it!”

The impact of the beam was so great that the children thought that Ulck's face would have been smashed. However, Sirone, knowing that there is no physical force in photon output, shouted as she ran to Ulc. 

“Lumina! run fast! I do not have time!"

Lumina hurriedly threw herself away. But her legs were already stiff and she just fell to the floor like a log. Realizing that Sirone's magic was powerless, the children stomped their feet.

"What do we do? I guess it just shoots light.”

“Aaaaaang!”

Ulk, who had regained his sight, attacked Lumina. Her sharp, hooked claws caught in her hair tie. Her rubber band snapped and her Lumina hair untied. At the same time, Sirone grabbed Ulc by the waist and cast teleportation. A flash of light shot up into the sky and began to fall down the cliff from a high altitude.

“Sirone! no!"

“Aaaaaang!”

Every time Ulk tried to struggle, Sirone repeated the teleportation. Setting the direction of teleportation to the ground was a dangerous attempt that was strictly forbidden even at school, but she had no choice but to hold on to Ulc's spirit.

'What do we do? What should I do here?'

Even if he fell like this, Ulc wouldn't die. Since there is no mass in the photonized state, the fall energy is zero at the point where the momentary movement ends. However, when he gave up magic and fell, he had no ability to withstand Ulk's struggle.

'mass. Need mass... … !'

At that moment, goosebumps ran through Sirone's body. It was a powerful portrait that I had never experienced before. Fragments of countless thoughts passed through my mind. beginning of the world. gauge symmetry. A whirlpool hovering over the bed. Mass is not force. The power of existence that unlocks the activities of the universe. A crack that breaks symmetry.

The cause of the sense of paranormal was the sense of deficiency felt when Sirone, which had expanded into the realm of infinity, was reconstructed into the human spirit.

The cacophony of omniscience and omnipotence. 

The name of the lost fragment was Gravity.

When the omnipotence was established, the omnipotence that had been known through nightmares until now was precisely engaged. When the conditions for activating the magic were met, Sirone changed Ulch into a photonized state and threw him down.

“Big… … !”

Before the scream was over, Ulck's body collided with the ground and bounced up with a loud sound. 

Landing with a rainbow drop, Sirone glared at Ulc.

It was an instant death. The reason why I was shocked enough to break my bones in the photonized state is because the light was heavy.

"ha. ha."

Matter is not born with mass. There is another element that imparts mass to matter and annihilates it.

An unknown particle that humans cannot observe.

That was the reason Sirone realized the battery in the infinite realm and the reason why the gauge symmetry seemed to be broken.

"done. I finally figured it out.”

Sirone clenched her fists tightly. His heart trembled and his heart soared to the point of tears.

Aaaaaaaagh!

At that moment, the screams of children were heard from the top of the cliff. Sirone regained her cool and looked up.

"no way… … ?”

Come to think of it, Ulrk was a monster with social skills. Even if he lost the tribal war, he was unlikely to wander around alone. & nbsp;

"no!"

Sirone cast teleportation and flew over the cliff. When he reached the top, he stiffened up just like Al Thor and the others. Dozens of ulks surrounded the surroundings. The whole tribe was moving at once.

'I underestimated their social skills.'

I heard children crying. 

“Oh, what should I do? We are all dead now.”

“I couldn’t even get married. I don't want to die like this.”

It was the same that Sirone did not want to die. And she now had the bare minimum weapons to fight Ulk.

“It's okay, guys. I'll try something.”

“What are you going to do? Don't do that, you run away too. You can escape with magic.”

"are you okay. From now on, you're not breaking the school rules."

Sirone walked to Ulk's group.

“Sirone! Dangerous!"

Alto called, but he turned away. He just glared at the Ulks, recalling his earlier realization.

The silver-haired Urlk, who seemed to be the chieftain, nodded in disapproval, and his right-hand man Ulc jumped out.

“Aaaaaang!”

Sirone focused the photons on her palm. 

'It's not enough. more… … more… … .'

The light gathered in his hand gradually turned pale and finally emitted a blindingly intense white light. Meanwhile, Ulc was rapidly closing the distance from Sirone.

While measuring the distance to the enemy, Sirone focused on changing the nature of the photons gathered in her hand. As the screams of the children escalated, Ulk, who had finally arrived, swung his claws.

Sirone's body was suddenly pushed back 1 meter. He widened his distance with short-range teleportation and cast magic with his eyes wide open.

'Now!'

When I threw the condensed photon, a pale flash of light landed on Ulk's abdomen. The photon, crushed in the form of a sphere, pushed Ulck away and stretched out again as a golden line.

“Aaaaaang!”

Ulk screamed and flew away. And it collided with another ulk and rolled down the mountain. 

The children's eyes widened at the unbelievable reality.

“No, that is nonsense. did you just see That huge monster flew away dozens of meters.”

“How could that be? You mean that's magic?"

After seeing Sirone's magic, the chieftain of Ulc pulled his nose. It must have been remarkably intelligent that human language leaked out.

"mind… … law… … buy… … .”

Numerous eyes of Ulc stared at Sirone. But Sirone was only glaring at the chief.

I thought I could win. 

The mass contained in the photon is minute, but the impact that weighed on the speed of extending at the speed of sub-light was at a level that broke expectations.

Also, this is the magic of the unlocker that only Sirone can use in the world... … . 

It was a photon cannon (photon cannon).

(end of volume 3)

---------------------------------------