Existence of Absence (3)

* ? ?

After Sirone destroyed Ionas, Ikael's Astral body did not shake any more.

However, it was illuminating the sky with a more brilliant light than anything else in the world.

'Guffin.'

As if pouring hot and cold water on my chest at the same time, pain and pleasure mixed together.

'Really, really... …

Ikael saw Sirone.

'It's our child.'

The look of the man I loved the most in the world.

Sirone, who was looking down, held out his hand as if he was right in front of him.

"iced coffee."

That's when Ikael raises his arm as if to take his hand.

“Be careful.”

Archangels surrounded them.

Uriel, who had supported Ikael knowingly or unknowingly, was now only revealing a quiet hostility.

“Don't you know? If you go to Sirone here and now, there will be no turning back.”

Yuriel was on the left, Rayel was on the right, and Satiel was guarding Ikael's rear.

When Ikael's gaze returned to the front, feeling them by turning his gaze left and right, Maras were blocking the road.

satiel said.

“Give up. Even you can't stop all of us. And we won't let things go.”

For a long time, Ikael felt the archangels' flesh piercing like thorns.

“Whoops.”

One corner of Ikael's mouth went up.

Uriel, Rayel, and Satiel were unable to react in front of an unfamiliar sense of discomfort.

He could only think of whether an archangel had ever laughed at anyone throughout history.

Ikael asked.

"Can't stop all of you?" She already said yes.

Ikael turned and looked back at the archangels.

“Answer me. I can't stop all of you. Did you really mean that?”

I had already said so, but the archangels reviewed their thoughts again as if possessed by something.

Really?

4 We......

Can you subdue Ikael?

“Sirone is my son.”

Because I kept it in my heart for such a long time, I was thrilled just to say it.

'I'm not afraid.'

Guffin has left, but isn't his son, who looks so much like him, reaching out to him?

“I have come back for many years, but I will not back down now. If, as the archangel, you would rather stand in my way than order... …

Ikael sighed coldly.

“Don’t expect any more respect from me.”

Satiel opened his judicial halo nostalgia and fired.

"respect? that's what we have to say you are not an archangel It is like a cancerous mass that fights for humans and betrays the armies of Heaven.”

In front of the clear rules of heaven, Uriel could not reveal his personal likes and dislikes.

'… … Do I have no choice but to fight?'

The judicial halo Ragnarok unfolded, and Rayel also activated the accelerator.

“You yourself have abdicated your authority, so do not blame us.”

“My authority is given only because of my age.”

Ikael let out a laugh.

"It's something you can't talk about, worry about, or break."

The moment the words were finished, the three archangels and the Maras in front charged at the same time.

It was a cosmic momentum, but Ikael's eyes sank into a rather deep abyss.

She said.

“????

At that moment, countless living beings on the ground saw another sun floating in the sky.

Captivated by the laws of Law Killing, Ymir twisted in agony.

Sirone and the others calmed their rapidly beating hearts and just watched.

I don't know how to kill Ymir, but the law was trying to create the incident by attracting everything in the universe.

It was not a realm that humans could imagine, and all they could see with their eyes was the sight of the surface of the black space surrounding Ymir occasionally glowing in full-color.

“Great!”

Ymir's heart began to tighten with the will to kill all living things in the universe.

'Die, please die.'

The reason why even those who don't believe in God join hands is because, with an honest heart, they don't want to fight again.

'I just need you to disappear.'

Should the universe be sacrificed?

As the black space filled up to her neck and covered her entire body, Ymir glared at Sirone and said,

“In this way, I…

As his mouth was blocked by the space, his voice was blocked, and eventually covered Ymir's face.

The sight that Sirone and the others can see is probably just a black sphere containing the entire universe.

“Is it over?”

After a while, the black sphere vibrated terribly, predicting destruction.

Cuckoo Cuckoo!

The ground shook up and down as if an earthquake had occurred, and buildings swayed from side to side.

'doesn't care. If only I could catch it here.'

At that moment, white cracks began to appear in the black space.

The rift accelerated, and a golden glow erupted fiercely from the hideous fissure.

“Kuaaaaa!”

Ymir spread his limbs and let out a roar, and the black space attached like a shell burned without even a trace.

Even after watching the scene with his own eyes, it took Si Lone a long time before he even uttered the word failure.

'It can't be.'

<Law Kill> never dies until the target is killed.

If it cannot be extinguished by a specific event, it is a legal weapon that must take the life of the opponent even by artificially manipulating the situation.

It doesn't mean that it's powerful, it's just that kind of function.

'However, the fact that he couldn't kill Ymir...

Those who knew <Slaughter>, as well as those who did not know, intuited one fact.

“There is no way to kill them.” At least in this universe.

I was horrified by the terrifying truth.

“It was a good try.”

Ymir moved on, looking a bit weary.

“I don’t know what it is, but it’s pretty good. but… …

Ymir, who released a shock wave, threw himself at everyone causing delirium.

“It’s not the way I want it.”

"damage!"

The incarnation of Thousand Hands Guanyin made an iron barrier with countless palms.

“Yaaaa!”

As Ymir was raised, Miro's pupils shook for a moment.

“Whoa!”

Quickly recovering, she exhaled a long breath and waved her arms.

Thousand Hands Guan Yin - Double Thunderbolt.

The moment Ymir was trapped in the joint, a blow of a billion units was pushed in from the limit of time.

“Hehehehe!”

Even in this situation, Ymir, who was smiling, felt terrible.

“Weak.”

Ymir stomped his foot and the ground shuddered.

“Weak!”

At the same time, there was a sharp sound that made your teeth ache, flying on top of the roar of the ground.

“......I”

Perhaps it was instinct.

Ymir, who had been hitting Miro's face straight, turned his head.

' what?'

It was a fist-sized air bullet that flew through the atmosphere.

The moment I moved my other hand to block it, there was a bang and Ymir's body was pushed.

“Big!”

The bullet in my hand exploded, tearing the shell.

' sick.'

The impact pierced the bone and escaped.

The party, who had been staring blankly at Ymir, who had been pushed back dozens of meters, slowly turned their heads.

"cadet??????

A dying sound, someone stepped out of the shadows in the alley.

At first I thought it was a corpse.

He was a man with scattered hair and a skinny face reminiscent of a skeleton.

“Ah, ah?????

It was difficult to even speak and her legs were stiff as if they were stiff, but Kang-nan noticed at a glance.

“Gaold.”

More than just being happy, I can understand how you were able to come this far with a look like that.

didn't

As he looked around like a lost person, he caught sight of the maze that escaped from the moment right before his death.

For a moment, the black pupils that seemed to have died came alive.

“Don’t cry.”

Gaold said with a hazy expression.

"Smile."

Sein approached.

“Gaold you… …

As we got closer, it gave off a stench, but the condition was so serious that even that was not a big deal.

Miro said.

"Why did you come?"

When Sirone and the others turned their heads, she had an expressionless expression on her face.

“I’d rather die. What are you going to do by appearing in front of us like that?”

Gangnan's eyes widened.

"Is that what you're talking about now? For whom did you save your life?”

Miro held out his hand as if to stop stepping out.

He would have said the same thing if not to maintain the integrity of the all-round projection.

"go back. Your role is now over.”

“I can’t go back.”

"why?"

Miro gritted his teeth.

“Why are you being so nasty? You said I like you. You said I'd be your woman if you wanted to. You are the one who rejected it. And now I hate people like you.”

"......okay."

“Get out of here! Disappear before my eyes!”

“Okay, maze. therefore… …

Gaold raised his chin and smiled faintly.

"Smile."

The words were still incomprehensible, but Miro bit her lip while tightening her eyes.

As Gaold moved, Ymir, who had been watching the torn hand, raised his head.

A bone-and-bone human was limping and approaching, but strangely, he didn't feel weak.

'It's the pinnacle of something.'

Ymir had a hunch.

'If I were infinitely distant from the senses... …

Ymir raised his upper body, revealing that he would live again.

“The existence closest to the senses.”

“What are you talking about?”

Gaold, with one eye half-closed, spoke, and Ymir's lips went up.

“… … You did well to come.”

Destroy everything and become the dignity of the universe.

“I am the strongest!”

As soon as Ymir threw his heavy body away, Gaold's face contorted like a demon.

'Bakum Press.'

With a thump, Ymir stopped charging and his back drastically bowed.

"haha! How is it? but… …

As Ymir trembled and slowly raised his head, Gaold's nerves started to jump.

“Cheuk, heck, heck!”

But his expression, like Ymir's, was a wicked grin.

“Are you the king of giants?”

Seeing Gaold's unique mockery, Sain reached out his hand, realizing that it was unusual.

"no! If you break it here... … !” All humans in the city will die.

“Huh!”

Gaold's eyes, which did not even pretend to listen, curled up.

' pain?'

In the space of the spirit without light, an endless passage of a single road spreads out.

'What is pain?'

Gaold, standing at the starting point, walked towards the blade extending from the ending point.

The blade pierced the stomach.

'It's a pain.'

He did not stop even as he felt the blade continue to cut through his body.

As he advanced, another blade was waiting for him to pierce his shoulder.

'Go ahead.'

The number of blades increased as the number of blades increased, and the forehead was pierced, the heart was pierced, the thighs were pierced...

Finally, in front of Gaold's eyes, numerous blades that could pierce the whole body were waiting.

'It will advance.'

Even though his whole body was in pain as if it were on fire, his legs did not stop.

If we stop here, the pain will lessen, but if that is death... … .

'Great!'

Gaold charged with all his might.

'Aaaaaa!'

Even if thousands of blades cut through my body, I don't know where it ends, even if there is no end.

'It doesn't stop.'

Throwing your body towards the pain you see in front of you, that is... … .

“It is my life!”

As Gauld's mind was completely compressed, the eyes of Sirone and the others shook in shock.

“Crazy... …

At the same time, the air press, whose power could not be measured, pressed down on Ymir's body.