[97] Genius who lost his light (6)

“Master… … .”

Sade did not hesitate to speak. Is Alpheas really the old Alpheas? Humans have hope because they do not know the future. However, there was no hope in Alpheas' memories. Any happy memories were buried in terrible pain.

Alpheas closed his eyes again. A drop of tear flowed down.

“Master, are you okay?”

“Thank you, Saad.”

Sade let out a sigh of relief at the benevolent tone.

“Are you really okay?”

“Nothing. I'm sorry I said harsh things to you. But that's who I used to be.”

"no. I'm sorry. I thought Master would be wrong, so I'd rather stay the same... … .”

Alfeas patted Sade's shoulder.

“It was your decision. Maybe that was good.”

“Master, then… … .”

THAAD became anxious again. Maybe he should have pushed on as he initially thought. It must have been an opportunity for escape that would never come again for Alpheas.

"okay. It's a memory I never want to recall. but… … .”

Alpheas looked at Erina's portrait. When I remembered the moment we first met and confessed at the ballroom, a gentle smile came to my lips.

“No matter how painful life is, there are times when we live only to protect one moment.”

"okay."

THAAD was finally relieved. Alpeas was Alpeas no different from the old one. 

A woman named Erina, who had shaken a person's entire life, had settled in Alpheas' heart as a painful but irresistible memory.

“Master, the one who committed this incident is Arcane. Currently, Mr. Etella... … .”

“I had a hunch from the time I got hit. It's not the time to listen to explanations. Let's move.”

As Alpheas walked to the door, Sade followed. The first hurdle was passed, but the problem started now. It was a situation where all the students were under the spell of Arcane. 

'Please don't be late.'

to infinity(1)

After learning about Alpheas' past, Sirone and the others were silent for a while. It was such a shocking event and it was a heartbreakingly sad love story.

"That's what happened to the principal... … .”

A certified 4th class wizard and the principal of a prestigious school. I thought it was a successful life no matter who saw it. However, if you listen to Arcane's story, Alpheas in his youth was really great. Gold Circle winner who proved the photon theory at the age of ten. In particular, the memory transfer experiment was a progressive idea that the wizarding community had finally begun researching.

“Obviously, Alpheas was a genius. But I was weak. The world would have been different if I had only endured a little. But a little affection ruined everything. I can never forgive Alpheas like that.”

Sirone thought a lot. Arcane was a world-recognized villain, but he was also a wizard. At least in Erina's experiment, he was just a great helper.

"okay. The principal may have been hypocritical in destroying your data.”

Because Arcane's murderous spirit had softened, Sirone was able to get a little closer.

“But I would have made the same choice.”

“Does that sound come out even after seeing Alpheas? Well, in your eyes, an official 4th grade might look amazing. However, if you are swayed by your emotions, you cannot rise to the top. Erina's death is unfortunate, but magic is magic. In that sense, Alpheas was unqualified.”

Sirone shook her head. History will tell you what was right, but Alpheas was not swayed by emotion. At least he thought so.

“If the experiment had been carried out further, there would have been numerous victims. You would have conducted human experiments without hesitation.”

“Don’t deny it. But the sacrifice of the few can save the many. After all, someone is bound to suffer. Isn't it the duty of intelligence to save more people even at the cost of sacrifice? What would you do if there were parents with mentally retarded children in front of you? Can I still say something pretentious then?”

"you can do it."

Arcane frowned as if in displeasure. But Sirone wasn't being stubborn.

“As you said, if 10,000 people can be saved by sacrificing one person, it would be a reasonable choice. Even so, I will not sacrifice that one person.”

“If that happens, ten thousand people will die.”

“It is unavoidable.”

Sirone said with a firm look.

“Ten thousand people could die. However, even if such a situation arises, it is not an area that we as humans can intervene in. He's arrogant to think he weighs people's lives. Even if more people are sacrificed, we just have to do what we can. Then the day will come when we can save 10,000 people. What you are trying to do is no different from a dictator trying to stand above humans.”

Arcane realized that Sirone was his antipode. Can't the few be sacrificed for the many? Some would call this a good thing, but if this actually happened, not many people would accept it. This is because humans are beings who wander in search of things that benefit them in the middle of good and evil. But Sirone was at the far end of the line. The cruel killer and the saint who saved mankind are all post-human. And both were equally persecuted by the public.

'Your life won't be smooth either. Even dying here will be a blessing to you.'

Wizards choose between good and evil based on their intellect. To Arcane, who believes that the effectiveness of evil advances humanity, Sirone is a future enemy that must be nipped in the bud.

“We are the kind that can't get along. I'm sorry, but I have to die.”

Sirone took a step back. It was an Arcane that had clearly felt its power decline until just a moment ago, but now it was exuding the energy of a true great wizard.

“Are you surprised, kid? Magic is a subtle thing.”

According to a survey by the Magic Association, it is known that the mental fatigue of a wizard casting pure magic is equivalent to that of an ordinary person immersed in one task for 48 minutes. 

However, Arcane ignored these arithmetic calculations and instantly increased his strength.

“Let’s finish with this. There will be no pain.”

A shadow rose from Arcane's body and a black veil covered the sky. People were astonished at its enormous size. It was different in scale from the power of darkness that Canis showed off.

As Arcane raised his right hand, the veil came together in the form of a fist. Sirone was genuinely amazed. Judging by the size of his fists, a fall would blow off half the basin.

'I can't stop it. But I can't avoid it.'

If the power of darkness is quantified, the force exerted by the unit cube (width, length, height 1 cm) is approximately 0.1 N, which is slightly better than that of an ant's jaw joint. However, if the unit exceeded a billion units, everything on the ground could be wiped out with a tremendous force of 1,000 tons.

“Stop being rude, Master.”

All eyes in the basin returned to the cliff. Alpheas stood with his hands behind his back. Then, a ray of light bent with a roar, and Sade landed next to Alpheas.

“Mr. Sade!”

A blush appeared on the faces of Sirone and the others. Just the arrival of Alpheas and Sade made it feel like a thousand troops had been won. Sade looked up at the power of darkness and cast a fire line. Streams of flame shot up in a double helix and converged into a huge ball of fire.

"wow… … .”

I couldn't even open my eyes as the scenery around me was bleached to white light. However, Arcane offset the light that burned his retinas with the power of dark magic and stared straight ahead.

“Hmm.”

As I spread my palm toward the fire line, the power of darkness floating in the sky moved in the same motion and grabbed a huge fireball.

Chee Hee Hee!

Sirone shuddered. It was the first time something burned with such a huge sound. As the world plunged into darkness again, Sade frowned and converted the Spirit Zone into an offensive type.

“Sheesh! Annoying inspiration... … !”

Alpheas raised his hand to stop it.

“Stop it, Sade.”

“But Master… … .”

“It is my job. It's me and Arcane's business. You want to leave it to me from here on out.”

Alpheas moved slowly. Then Arcane also returned the power of darkness that stayed with the fire line turned off in the form of a veil and spread it across the sky.

“You are old, Alfeas. Well, even a wizard of time is just a human being in front of time.”

Alpheas ignored the first greeting in 40 years. At least not yet... … It was not the time for the two foolish, absent-minded old men to put an end to the past. Passing through hundreds of students, looking at the injured Iruki, Nade, and Sirone, he looked back at Etella for the last time. He had bruises on his white skin that must have already come from a collision with Arcane.

“You worked hard, Ethella. It's because I'm immoral. All I can say is that I'm sorry.”

"no. I'm sorry. We couldn’t save the students.”

Alpheas shook his head. When she came to see her teacher interview, she was puzzled. But to this day, she couldn't be so proud of her own judgment of hiring her. If it wasn't for her, she wouldn't be in the situation where all of her students are safe.

"principal. be careful."

Sirone said with a worried expression. If it was an arcane whose energy was exhausted, it was considered that Alfeas, a certified 4th grade, was worth a try. However, the current Arcane was arguably in the best condition.

Alpheas smiled as if he already knew.

“Don’t worry. There is no magic that violates the principle of equivalent exchange.”

“But Arcane must have mental power… … .”

"okay. would have recovered But it is also magic.”

“Is it magic?”

“Abyss-type magic controls memories. It was created by Arcane, and it is the magic that Arcane uses best. Is that correct, Master?”

Arcane snorted.

“You don’t seem to have dementia. By the way, the magic you received is a magic called Abyss Nova that is incomparable to that. I've experienced the effects myself, so I don't need to tell you."

“It was great magic. Thanks to that, it was nice to be able to recall old memories.”

“Don’t be bluffing. Subjects who ran away in fear. I must have been weeping at least in tears.”

“You got it right. But while Master didn't see you, you've become very weak. It's hard enough to even cast Abyss Memory against children as young as 100 years old.”

Arcane was not angry. When Alfeas is calm, he himself is calm too. The 40-year-old hatred could not be resolved with mere words.

Alpheas turned his head to Sirone as if enjoying the afterglow of the night before the storm.

“Sirone. In order to cast magic, you need a momentary strong concentration. It's like the average person spends the result of 1 hour of concentration in 1 second. That is why Arcane did this.”

Alpheas tapped his temple with his index finger and said.

“It was cast on his own head. The magic to erase memories.”

"ah… … .”

There was such a way. If you erase the memory of using your brain, the mental fatigue will disappear. Of course, it was inevitable that it would become functionally overloaded, but once in a while, it would be enough to restore mental strength.

Alpheas understood Sirone's feelings. Viltor Arcane. He was a wizard who endured on the battlefield for 100 years with non-mainstream dark magic. He's a grudge from the past. He had no choice but to acknowledge his skill no matter what.

"okay. It's a bold and cool technique. Arcane is a wizard who lives in such a world. So remember you too. The one who doesn't have a single last resort, he will never be able to disappear combat magic.”

---------------------------------------