[786] Alpha fish (4)

* * *

Mitochondrial Eve is powerful in that it can transmit 100 percent of an individual's experience to the next generation.

Even before they got the name Theraze, they divided like cells and absorbed the history of the whole world.

And by integrating it back and passing it on to the next generation, a vast database was built.

History search.

Uorin, who can search most of the history, found the first meeting between Havitz and Abella.

“Meeting Harvits changed Abella-san’s fate.”

A small smile appeared on Abella's lips as she recalled the time while listening to Uorin's explanation.

“It was so much fun playing with Mr. Harvits. Unlike other adults, I knew what I liked.”

Even though he is pointed out as the most evil person in the world, he couldn't deny Abella's words.

“I know, it is the fate of witches. She has been told by those around her since birth.”

The Youth were a tribe of gypsies who understood the Torah.

“If Uncle Harvits hadn’t destroyed my cursed fate, I would be a witch and live in pain by now.”

The story goes back to 14 years ago.

“Let’s drill this way and make an underground waterway. Big enough for a monster frog to pass through.”

In the sand at the fishing spot, Harvits and Abella were busy making sandcastles.

It's been more than 10 days since the fishing rod without bait has been stretched out towards the sea, but the shark Havitz wanted has not been caught.

“Are you familiar with sex?”

“Of course you know. Because it is my home.”

Abella, who was pounding the ground and flattening it, lifted her sandy face.

“Uncle, are you the emperor?”

"huh? Emperor?"

“You said your name was Havitz. Adults say that the emperor of this country is Habits.”

“Ah, that’s Havitz, 16 years old. That person is not me.”

“Can I use the same name as the emperor?”

“Hmm, well? maybe you can write There are hundreds of people with the name Habitz that I know.”

Abella muttered sullenly.

“It would have been nice if you were the emperor.”

Havits, who completed the underground waterway with delicate hand movements, belatedly asked.

“Why Emperor? I don't think it will be very fun."

“Because I can do anything. Her mother says, she said, I have to become an emperor to change my destiny.”

"fate? What is it?"

After 10 days of hanging out together, Abella brought out the darkness in her heart.

“The tribesmen will see me and become a witch. My mother is also a witch. That’s why I dedicate myself to men every day.”

The Youth tribe was in decline.

“In the past, the Law of Youth was very strong, so many people asked for divination. That's why I was able to overcome the witch's fate. But now they said that period was over.”

The tribesmen could not cut off the name of Youth, which had a history of thousands of years, from their generation.

“Now we can't do divination. That's why women with a witch's fate go around town and sell themselves.”

In Bardol Village, where the Youth tribe is currently staying, fishermen as well as pirates lived.

In reality, the two were not different.

“I don't want to go back to the village. Adults keep coming and touching me. Her mother once got angry, and she beat to death adults who were much taller than you.”

“I guess being a witch isn’t fun.”

"of course. What would you like? Just thinking about witches is terrifying. I want to grow flowers.”

“Then can’t you? witch."

Abella shook her head.

“They say you can’t change the law. My mother holds me and cries every night. I'm sorry. But, she said, she had no choice but to become a witch after all.”

"I do not know what I mean."

“Of course, Uncle doesn’t know. Only gypsies know.”

“I don’t want to be a witch, so why do witches? It's just that you don't have to.”

perfect chaos.

The law was an absurd concept to Havitz, who was out of the rules of how it should be.

“You can do whatever you want. It’s good to live happily, don’t you have to do boring things?”

“… … Could it be?”

Abella, who was lost in thought, smiled brightly.

“But these days, it’s fun to play with you. I used to always be alone in the woods.”

A nice sandcastle is complete-

“I’m having fun too. There is no one to play with in the castle. If I did anything, I would whine and cry.”

Abella grinned as Harvitz copied the frightened faces of those around her.

“Ha, I wish I could play with you every day.”

“Then you can play every day.”

Abella noticed.

“But you are an adult. Mom said, adults are busy, so don’t bother them.”

"are you okay. Because playing with you is the most fun. You don't have to do anything else, what does it matter?"

Abella's eyes blinked prettily.

“I think you are very different from the adults I know.”

“What is different?”

“Do this, don’t do that, they don’t talk about this, they don’t bother me.”

“What about the other adults?”

“It's not like that. How nagging is that? You have to be a good person, you have to handle tableware like this... … .”

Havitz twisted his mustache.

“Hmm, I’ve never heard anything like that in my life, so I don’t know… … .”

That's what I realized.

“The people who say that are because they are afraid. Grown-ups, I see, are always terrified.”

“What are you afraid of?”

Harvits shrugged.

“Puhaha! I don't know. What on earth are you trembling about in this world? I try to go straight, as if there is only one line on an invisible cliff.”

Havitz pretended to walk on two fingers.

“When I walked around, there was no single line. no matter where you go is it natural But are you pretending not to know?”

“Uhm. They say it won't fall."

“Of course, if you want to play, you have to give people what they want. But if you don't want to play with me, you don't have to listen. The downside is that it's a bit boring, but... … .”

Harvits comforted Abella.

“As long as you are not afraid, you can do anything. You grow flowers too. Don't listen to boring stories like witches.”

I didn't understand all of Harvitz's words, but it was the best comfort Abella had ever heard.

"huh! I will grow flowers from today! Thanks, mister!”

Habitz grinned, baring his teeth.

From that day on, whenever Havitz and Abella met, they went into the forest to pick flowers.

one song per day.

I didn't know the name or variety of the flower, but I was just happy to be able to do what I wanted to do.

The shark still showed no signs of being caught.

“Should I go out and catch it?”

Havitz, who was sitting at the fishing spot, yawned profusely as he gazed at the open sea.

“Why are you so late today?”

Abella, who had never been late until now, was not showing up today.

“You don’t want to play with me?”

Havitz missed Abella, so he spurned his seat and headed to her village.

It could be seen that a commotion had broken out from the entrance of the village, which had a fishy smell unique to the fishing village.

“Damn the gypsies! I picked up things that had nowhere to go and fed them, so they hit the back of the head like this!”

When the village leader Hexter kicked the skinny woman with his foot, Abella came running.

“Aww! mom!"

“Abella! Why did you come! Run away quickly!”

Abella shook her head.

"no! I won't go without leaving my mother!"

Two months after the gypsies settled in the village, the pirates, who were fed up with it, tried to get their hands on Abella.

The mother, who was desperately resisting, went on to carve nail marks on Hexter's cheek.

“Does this town or anything that has no foothold dare touch me? I want to die here!”

The chief of Youth stood in the way of the mother and daughter.

“I said I would do it if you gave me a job! Didn't you all follow what you suggested!”

"job? Do you think the likes of you can go out to sea? Do you think the house, food, and chicken we gave you for free!”

“I am leaving! Send them away!”

Haxter let out a big laugh.

“Okay, leave. Instead, should I throw up everything I've eaten so far and go?

That's moral, isn't it?"

Haxter, who had pushed the chief, grabbed Abella by the hair and pulled her from her mother's arms.

"mom! mom!"

Abella's clay vase broke, and an unknown flower was ruthlessly trampled on.

"No! Abella please... … !”

"shut up! At this level, it's barely worth the money! Take me!”

The chieftain crawled to the floor and shouted as Haxter's men carried Abella on their shoulders and headed for the barn.

“You bastards! What is the child guilty of!”

"crime? Of course there is. Sin without money.”

As the men giggled and fought back, a voice was heard outside the crowd.

“Abella~. No-ol~ now.”

In an instant, silence fell, and everyone turned around to look at Havitz.

“What are you?”

The pirates, who reflexively drew their swords, saw Habitz and turned pale like ghosts.

“The King of Desires… … ?”

Shaking, the pirates' weapons fell to the ground.

“Heh, hehe!”

It was the first time to actually see it, but there was no one among the residents who didn't know Havitz.

'Damn it! Oh God! why! Why the hell!'

Are you saying Harvitz is here?

'it's over.'

No one knows why they came to such a rural village, but one thing was clear.

'We all die.'

There is no mercy for the king of desire.

“Aww! mister!"

After escaping from the weak pirates, Abella burst into tears and ran to Habitz.

"Yes. It's okay, it's okay.”

Havitz, who lifted Abella with all his might, patted the girl on the back as he walked towards the pirates.

“I’m afraid, mister! Those people trampled the flowers! I beat my mother to death too!”

"Yes. It's okay, it's okay.”

Realizing that he was acquainted with Abella, Haxter's fingertips trembled.

'What have I done?'

You can stab a sleeping demon in the side with a sword and you won't hear anything dumber than this.

“Your Highness, we… … !”

"die."

Harvits stopped talking.

“I don’t want to play because Abella is crying. die."

“Aaaaaaaaa!”

Haxter yelled as if to destroy his mind, then drew his sword and cut his throat horizontally.

“Gagging!”

Seeing his death in a single blow, the other subordinates drew their swords and followed the same path as the captain.

'This is the only salvation!'

Because if Harvits decides to play properly, it won't end with death.

While most of the pirates chose to commit suicide, the residents did not have the courage to bear it.

“Captain of the Guard.”

As soon as Havitz's words fell, the shadow glided closer and revealed its true identity on the floor.

“Please tell me.”

He was wearing a white mask with a mustache and a black cloak covering his entire body, and crossed his curved twin swords.

“Capture the villagers alive. All sentenced to cancer.”

"All right."

Eyes gouged out, noses cut out, eardrums ripped out, tongues pulled out, arms and legs amputated and skinned.

It was a cancer type that he had to suffer for the rest of his life while receiving fluid in that state.

“Aaaaaa! That's not allowed!"

As the villagers ran out to get the pirates' swords, the shadow of the captain of the Guard moved faster than the wind.

“Kill me! please! Just kill me!”

Those who fainted came one after another.

---------------------------------------