[32] Teleportation(3)

The bridge that could not be crossed was the bridge connecting the two peaks at 1,000 meters above sea level, the highest among the training grounds. The bridge was 700 meters long and had rapids running down the valley.

“Why is the bridge impossible to cross?”

Amy explained to Sirone's question.

"It's literally a bridge you can't cross. It's a training ground used for teleportation practice. The difficulty level ranges from 1 to 10, but even I, a class point, have to risk my life from level 8 or higher.”

Shiina added.

“The promotion test will be level 1. There are no obstacles. Because it is impossible for the children of Class 7 to even jump over 700 meters.”

Amy asked.

"uh? So how do you rate it? Doesn’t the one who arrives first get promoted?”

“The student who leaped the farthest will be selected. It won't be too dangerous. It's done with the safety device turned on, and the advanced class teachers will be watching. The problem is the students. If they get too competitive, they often clash with each other.”

In Amy's opinion, that part was the key. Since this is a test with an early promotion, there will be no collusion. Even so, the person to be checked the most was Sirone.

“How about this? From the beginning, Sirone hits and runs. Of course, it will take a lot of mental strength, but if you're at the level of Sirone, you'll be able to do it.”

“I am of the same opinion. That’s why I will be in charge of Sirone from today.”

"yes? Are you a teacher?”

Amy raised her eyes in bewilderment. For a teacher to be in charge of a specific student is not only against fairness, but it was enough to cause a strange misunderstanding.

“Why did the teacher go so far?”

“Because I am responsible for this. I've been thinking of listing Sirone in Class 5 from the beginning. However, it was canceled due to the opposition of other teachers. If you had followed my words, Sirone wouldn't have been bullied.”

“But if there is even a rumor, the problem will grow. Other students will study teleportation by any means necessary, but if word spreads that the teacher has been in charge of Sirone himself, even the test they passed may be in vain. Don't do that, I'll take care of Sirone for the time being. You can teach anything at level 1 difficulty.”

Shiina shook her head.

“I know you applied for a promotion to your senior year, but wouldn’t it be better to focus on that? You won't have time to worry about Sirone.”

"uh? Really, senior?”

Sirone asked incredulously. Being the first to apply while no one had applied yet meant that they would break through with the straight-line method.

'I see. It's really amazing.'

I was grateful that he had come to visit me even though he was busy preparing for the promotion exam. However, the situation was going differently from the warm atmosphere expected. The two women, whose pride was on fire, did not give up a single step.

“No matter how busy you are, you can take care of the teleportation, so the teacher gives up, right? Rather, such meddling can have a negative effect on Sirone.”

“As a teacher, I cannot tolerate it even though I know it is an important time for my students. You can only apply for the senior class test once a year. Wouldn’t it be better to leave it to the teacher and pay attention to senior class work?”

Both of them were smiling, but looking into their eyes, they weren't laughing at all. Realizing that they couldn't reach a compromise in the end, they looked back at Sirone for the last time.

“Sirone, you choose. Is it me or a teacher? Of course, it would be better if a girlfriend taught me.”

“Yes, Sirone. I hope you decide. A teacher will be able to teach you much better than a student about to take a senior exam.”

The voice was friendly, but it was threatening from the point of view of acceptance. However, Sirone is not shaken by anyone, and he confesses what he originally thought.

“I will do it alone. I appreciate your words, but I don't need your help.”

The women's faces darkened.

“Learning from a teacher is against equity. But I don't want to get help from seniors who are about to take an exam. I will try to pass this exam by myself.”

"you idiot! The other kids are going to get tutoring and take the test! Besides, everyone is keeping you in check! You're not at the level of trying to do something alone!"

“Then I can understand it as it is.”

"huh?"

“I think it’s a really great thing that senior made the decision to be promoted to the senior class. If she can't overcome even this much, she's determined that she won't be able to overcome any difficulties in the future.”

"huh? that is… … It is, but... … .”

“Me too. I will work hard and pass. Not to be ashamed of as a boyfriend.”

Realizing how great Sirone's determination was, Amy could no longer object. More than anything, I was grateful to him for acknowledging his decision.

"joy. All of that, of course.”

No one was chosen by Sirone, but in terms of atmosphere, it was Amy's decision victory.

Shiina stood up while adjusting her glasses.

“If the student's opinion is the same, then the teacher should also accept it. But whenever you don't know something, come and ask. It is the same for other students.”

"yes. Thank you for caring me."

Shiina opened the door and spoke to Amy before leaving.

“I have no choice but to skip today, but from now on, refrain from entering the boys' room. The next time you get caught, you may be punished.”

Amy bowed her head in embarrassment. She couldn't help but think that she was lucky today.

When Shiina left, an awkward silence came.

Sirone, who had never experienced being in a room with a girl her age, couldn't say a word.

Then Amy was also swept away by a strange atmosphere. I came all the way here with the thought of taking a hit, but when I was put in this situation, I started to get scared of Sirone.

“Well, then… … I'll go too.”

"Ah yes! Thank you for your concern.”

Amy sighed in relief and prepared to return. Then she shouted, looking back at her with her poem as if she had just remembered.

"you idiot! why didn't you tell me If that had happened, we should have discussed it earlier.”

"sorry. But I didn't want to talk.”

“Because of pride? Fool, what does that matter?”

“Rather… … I don't want to break up with you."

Amy's cheeks heated up.

“Telling the truth would only make things more awkward between us. However, I want to continue to have a good relationship with you in the future. You are my goal.”

Sirone remembered the first day she entered magic school. Ever since he saw the name Karmis Amy, who was ranked number one in Class Four, his target was always Amy.

“I will definitely catch up with you. So, seniors, please work hard too.”

Amy was in a good mood, but at the same time burdened. In fact, it was because she felt the same way.

“Then don’t call me senior from now on.”

"yes?"

"You're the same age anyway, and I'm recognizing you, so don't call me senior from now on."

“But that… … .”

“I feel bad! What is it? It's cowardly to chase after you from behind while pretending to be 'Senior'! Come beside me and compete proudly!”

The class at the magic school was also an issue related to social status. The fact that she did not treat her as a senior meant that she considered Shirone as her classmate.

“Come up quickly instead. I'll throw you out if you stay downstairs with only your mouth. okay?"

Amy walked to the window, red-faced. Since she couldn't get out through the door, she had to go to the wall again this time.

“Amy.”

When Sirone called, Amy shrugged and looked back. What will happen to the listener if he immediately says he wants to do it? 

But Sirone's eyes were terribly burning. When I met those eyes, the empty feelings disappeared in an instant.

“I will definitely catch up. I'm waiting for you in your senior year.”

Amy's eyes curved like a seagull. Although hidden behind her mask, she was clearly smiling.

"joy. I'll have already graduated by then? Follow me if you can.”

Amy jumped down the window. When I looked under her window, she was gone.

Sirone sighed. He pretended to be strong, but the truth was he didn't know where to start.

"It's teleportation... … .”

* * *

There is one month left until the promotion exam. He had to master teleportation somehow inside of it. First, I went to the library and collected all the books on teleportation magic. Contrary to the expectation that there would be no stock, it was not difficult to obtain the book.

Rumor has it that about 20 students take part in the promotion exam. After all, they were all studying in a special way without relying on books.

“I don’t know if this could really fall.”

Sirone calmed her impatient mind and steadily learned from the basic concept of teleportation.

One of the greatest discoveries in the history of magic, the theory of photonization was magic that turned the wizard's body into light.

Then, what is the nature of light is important, but it was too difficult for the human mind to understand.

It has the properties of a particle and a wave at the same time, has no relative velocity, and does not even contain mass.

But Kergos gained great insight from its esoteric nature. By using the absoluteness of light, which has no relative speed, it is possible to quickly jump through space.

By adopting the photonization theory as a battery, anyone can succeed in teleportation. So it was a great discovery, but the question was how much control it could have.

It was easy to lose your life trying to calculate and move in your head because teleportation moves you to your destination so quickly.

'but. I can't calculate the speed of 10 to the 20th power.'

Sirone continued reading the book. Wizards say that the speed of light is largely divided into 4 types, which are super light speed, light speed, sub light speed, and quasi-sub light speed.

The speed of light is faster than light, and in theory, time slip magic that reverses time is possible. However, it was an unknown area that no wizard had reached yet.

Therefore, the most outstanding wizards of light among humans were those who could use the speed of light. It is possible to learn stop magic, which is called the realm of gods, but it is said that wizards who have reached this level are also one of the few in history.

After all, most professional wizards who deal with light are divided in their skills in the realm of sub-light speed.

According to the wizards' definition, sublight speed was 'a speed far exceeding the maximum speed of matter, but much slower than light'.

Sublight speed is also the basic omnipotence of space movement. If it was at the speed of light, it wouldn't take much time to move, but it was possible to arrive at the destination within seconds even if it was only dealing with sub-light speed.

Sirone continued to read the book with admiration, but so far it hadn't touched reality. What he had to pay attention to was the final speed of light, quasi-sublight.

The definition of quasi-light speed given by wizards was 'a speed that exceeds the maximum speed of living things, but is much slower than sub-light speed'.

That is why, even if instant movement has the property of light, it is possible to capture the movement with the human eye.

Since the speed is not enough to distort the space, an irreversible accident may occur if the surrounding environment is misunderstood.

'The moment you miss even one cover, it's over. Even if the mass is reduced with the photonization theory, it will be a fatal impact because it has speed.'

I realized why Shiina emphasized the fact that there are no obstacles on the bridge that she couldn't cross. But she said there was nothing to be done about the clashes between her students.

'Can you really do it? With only the basic formula?'

---------------------------------------