[315] Causal Wheel (7)

Syrone, still in shock, lay down on the bed and fell asleep. On the other side of the bed, Vincent and Olina were sitting, and Amy was sitting on the floor watching the view out the window.

Reina, who was lost in thought, said with a relieved expression.

“Whoa, it was a really long four days.”

Amy, who had been enjoying the air, turned around and sat down.

"Iknow, right. Anyway, I was really surprised. Orkamp wasn't your biological parents.”

Vincent shook his head as he recalled the time.

“I was surprised as well. When her wife entered the Grand Hall, she was motionless, and she thought she should bury her bones here.”

Reina looked back at Olina.

“But what are you going to do? Are you going to tell Sirone the truth?”

“I’ve been thinking about it, but I think it would be better not to say it. It's something you'll find out anyway."

Amy asked.

“Why? At best, I even delivered an official letter that Queen Eliza was not her biological son. We need to make it clear to Sirone that such a woman is not her mother at all.”

“I saw the look in Sirone's eyes when she entered the grand hall. Maybe she already knew Sirone. That they are not your biological parents.”

Rayna agreed with her.

“Well, it’s because he’s smart and quick-witted. Sirone said, I don't have any parents except the two of you. Wouldn’t that be a story that was brought up under the assumption that other real parents might come?”

When I thought about it that way, the front and back matched. At first, she thought it was her words out of betrayal, but you weren't the one to be fooling around like that.

“He is a good kid. He shouted loudly in front of the queen, but in fact he is an undeserved son. I have no face to see his son’s face for letting him get caught up in something like this.”

Reina offered words of comfort.

“Don't think so. It was unavoidable. The time and place where they abandoned their son coincided, and it was the only case where a child was abandoned at that time.”

"Wait!"

Amy held out her hand as if realizing something.

The maid who abandoned her son said that she had left her son at the stable in the Valley of Dawn. That's why she was invited to the royal palace as a potential candidate for her. However, the result was unexpected and was not between father and son.

“Then what the hell… … Who is Sirone?”

Everyone who realized the meaning of the question was silent.

If not Orkamp's child, who was Sirone abandoned by?

Vincent still vividly recalled the events of that day. He heard his child cry in his sleep and went to his stable. However, there was no trace of anyone entering the stable.

What happened that night? Why can't Orkamp's children be found? What on earth did Sirone realize that he said such a thing to Orkamp?

With countless answers buried in the depths, Sirone was only in a deep sleep.

* * *

Armin arrived at Toshka Village. The news that Sirone was safe was heard on the way back.

But now it has its own problems. He wouldn't sit still at the top if rumors spread that he was involved with the wizard of the Black Line.

'It'll be fine. I've definitely talked about it.'

Now that I've explained to Amy why I wore the mask, I'll keep my promise.

Even if I didn't keep it, it was unavoidable. Because that is the foundation of trust.

Armin, who let go of his heart, looked up at the house surrounded by the time field. He was as still as dead.

As he sighed and cast the flicker magic, the scenery in the room greeted him.

The moment I arrived at the place where I cast the stop magic, the flow of time reversed and the vase was broken.

Keira glared at Armin. It was impossible to ascertain how much Armin's position had changed because his gaze was taken by the falling vase.

“A few days… … Has it passed?”

"well. about 4 days... … .”

Keira pursed her lips and suppressed her anger.

“Did you go after all? Even if I dried it like that?”

“What are you talking about?”

“Don't think of cheating! If not, there's no reason to hang a time field!”

Armin calmly lied.

“I was angry for a second, I just needed time to think.”

Keira snorted. Who would believe that sound?

But the reason the tantrum goes off is because there is no way to check. To lie so confidently is to say that in the end it leaves no trace. Therefore, the initiative of the situation was still in his hands.

“Whoa, okay. I'll tell the superiors well. Just report to me.”

“Again, I haven't gone anywhere.”

Keira gritted her teeth.

From the time he entered the organization, Armin was famous for his stubbornness, so once he shut his mouth, there was no way to make him open.

Then a small bird made of red light penetrated the wall. It was a telebird sent from the upper level.

Despite the level of photon modeling, it was impossible for anyone but a wizard who had reached the limit of information magic to fly 78,000 kilometers to deliver information.

A red telebird meant a first-degree crisis.

The bird glowed red and carved letters into the air. Keira's face turned pale as she interpreted her code in real time.

"Nonsense. I can't be this fast... … .”

Watching the red bird dissipate like a flame, Armin walked to the window. Before he went to Khazra, he would have had the same thoughts as Keira, but not now.

“I changed my mind. Let's go, Keira. I have something to report to the superiors.”

He is not one to be stubborn on a simple whim. Keira guessed that the events in Kazura and the events reported by Telebird were not unrelated.

“Do you know something?”

Armin stayed silent until the end.

I hoped that Sirone would be able to enjoy her school days at least a little. The day everyone knows, the world will never leave him alone.

'Maybe we'll meet sooner than expected, Sirone.'

third (1)

Kazura Kingdom cut off all diplomatic channels.

No official statement of position. The hotline only conveyed the situation in which sovereignty passed to the Kashan Empire.

The dissatisfaction of the allies was great, but because Theraze was holding out, they could not openly show their dissension.

It was the power of the Three Emperors, and that's how Kazura Kingdom got away from the customs' attention.

Sirone took a break for a few days and returned to school. The advanced class curriculum was over, but the graduation exam, the best event of the Magic School, was approaching tomorrow, so the atmosphere in the school was hot.

Since returning to magic school meant that she was not a member of the royal family, the classmates' attitude towards Sirone was still cold. However, it wasn't certain, so I couldn't pour out abusive words like I used to.

Before leaving school, Shirone was sad inside, but compared to the humiliation she suffered at Kazura, it was child's play. Besides, I've been worrying a lot lately, so I didn't even have time to care about what other people thought.

A monster sleeps in your heart.

The evidence was that he felt a sense of collapse in his brain that some huge memory had existed.

At first, it was just a feeling. Then, while resting, the outline was revealed, as if a fossil were being excavated.

While some memories were completely lost, scenes that left a strong impression gradually came to mind.

When the Demon God forcibly expanded his mind, it was unbearably painful.

No, was it really like that?

In fact, at the end of the pain, I tasted a sense of liberation. The feeling of accelerating through runaway was ecstatic, as if drunk, and a thrill of pleasure flowed every time the magic was activated.

'no. It wasn't me.'

not me Sironera is a new existence that is a combination of an incarnation and a demon. However, if you continue the chain of thoughts, you will eventually come to the conclusion that it is also yourself.

The Demon God still sleeps deep inside Sirone. And the key to unlock the seal was still in his hand.

'You can't open it. If you can't control me, nothing can be mine.'

Because he was weak, the Demon God seized the initiative. In order to reverse the master-servant relationship, a strong force was needed that would not be shaken under any circumstances.

Sirone visited the training ground. The students were not seen because the regular course was over.

After performing the sequence ceremony for about an hour, he calmly opened his eyes and concentrated the photons. When he took the magical action of holding the ball with both hands, a photon was born between his palms.

The Demon God expanded Geumgangtae's spirit until it collapsed. He couldn't believe that it had been attempted under calculation. If it wasn't for Geumgangtae, he would have already become a disabled person and stuck in the corner of his room.

Sirone was surprised by the photon's compressive power, which was different from before.

Even when I was preparing for the presentation of the Supernatural Psychic Science Research Group, I had a bar where I strengthened my spirit zone by rebounding my mind every day. But this time, it was an extreme rebound that was incomparable to that.

As the god particles were concentrated, the photon cannon's light source gradually became smaller and turned into a white orb with clear edges. It was like looking at platinum burning in the sunlight.

If you compress it further here, the density soars exponentially, creating a magic called dark sphere, but inevitably a situation in which you lose control occurs.

Sirone pressed the photon up and down. When the photon, flattened like a disk, was thrown, the flash of light quickly bent and cut through space and returned.

I grabbed it, split it in two, and molded it in the form of a commendation. The moment I stretched out my two hands, the shuriken pierced the space all the way and returned while eating reverse rotation.

When the form did not collapse even after two rounds of molding, Sirone chopped it into smaller pieces.

Eight bidos with crescent-like wings on a streamlined body resembling a bird were molded and inserted between the fingers.

As he swung his arms as if crossing the letter X, the 8 blades, reacting sensitively to the wind pressure, clawed all over the place, making the sound of a swarm of locusts flying around. If even a flying animal jumped into the radius, it would turn into gravy in an instant.

With both hands, Sirone swept four of the Vidos, which lost their lift and slowed down. Density was significantly reduced. As soon as Bido was put together like clay, the photon exploded and spread a blade-like flash of light. Fragments of light glittering like flower petals floated in front of my eyes.

“Hmm… … .”

Thanks to controlling the luminescence of photons, detailed modeling became possible without using a fractal cell. Because function comes from form, the utilization of magic using photons was incomparable to before.

However, Sirone's face was not satisfactory.

While I was immersed in thought with my chin resting, I felt someone from behind. When she turned her head, Iruki and Nade were opening their mouths so much that their jaws fell out.

"what? When did you guys come?”

Nade was speechless and unable to answer.

I heard that he went to the training ground as soon as he returned, and I thought it was Sirone-like, but it was the opposite. She was using magic on a completely different level from Sirone a few days ago.

“What was that? Is this a newly developed magic? What's your name?”

“There is no such thing as a name. I was just looking through things. It is now possible to capture the luminescence of photons. However, handling it like a weapon seems to be less efficient. To think about it a little more.”

Since photons are the most vulnerable to shaping by nature, magic with plastic shaping consumes a lot of mental power. There was no reason to change it to offensive magic unless it was superior to Photon Cannon.

Iruki made a conclusion.

“So, the magic that surprised us was nothing more than a mere experiment. The garbage of garbage that you'll never look at again.”

“… … No, not to that extent.”

Iruki smiled and asked.

“What happened? I heard that the sovereignty passed to Kashan.”

---------------------------------------