memory (3)

"transaction?"

Sirone's gaze followed the chip Fermi threw.

Transactions in depreciation.

At the time, he was bound by Valhalla Action's debt, but he had heard of Fermi's abilities.

“What deal?”

Fermi got up from his chair and stood in front of the glass window looking down at the city.

“The car has been served.” The secretary came in, put the teacup down on the table, and left the office without a sound.

“You know I'm selling drugs. The central continent was trampled by demons, but all 7 kingdoms in the southern continent are in my hands. Even royalty wear my medicine in their mouths.”

“You call that bragging? None of my classmates are as broken as you.”

Fermi raised an eyebrow.

“Did the funeral go well?” “Fishaw's will. I'm not going to tell you anyway. But it doesn't matter. I can roughly guess what it is about.” Sirone didn't believe it.

“What is it about?”

“Biological Program Argones. It must have been something about a singularity that would soon overtake this world.”

Fermi smiled and turned around.

“It's sad to think that I'm just a drug addict. I am fighting for the world in my own way.”

“Undercode.”

Fermi lifted the vial from the desk.

“Dream Star. have you ever heard of it? Information discarded in reality accumulates in The Abyss.”

“What do you mean by that?”

Fermi took a sip of the teacup and threw it at the window.

Debris splattered with a clanking sound.

“What do you think?”

Sirone watched silently.

“The moment I threw the teacup, the future was already decided. How many fragments and what type of fragments will it be split into? Then what about me?”

Fermi pointed to himself.

“Is it my will to take a sip of tea, or is it the action of matter? If you had turned back time, would I not have had tea?” If humans are free from the flow of time, each time vibration should produce a different result.

“Everything has already been decided. My future and your future. The world of The Abyss is not just waste. It is valuable information that has passed through all the filters of the future.”

“I see what you mean.”

According to Fermi's method, the future of this world could be predicted to some extent.

“Sooner or later, the world may end. But what does that have to do with you selling drugs?”

“Hmm. Do you know how much I make?”

"I don't know."

“It’s astronomical. I can't imagine. And that money serves as the basis for my regular eating out.”

After flipping another chip into the air, Fermi snatched it up and smiled.

“Wouldn’t it be nice to have an insurance policy?”

Sirone understood.

“Are you going to buy my magic?”

“The magic value in the transaction of depreciation is based on the rationality I have set. Yahweh's magic. You can't even sell the kingdom to borrow it for a while. It is too expensive.”

Fermi continued.

“But I collected them.”

It was enough to build several kingdoms.

“Of course, within the rules of eating out. You can only buy magic with money earned through trading.”

If Fermi's words are true, two people can use Yahweh's magic.

“Why don’t you leave it to me? You seem to be struggling quite a bit. I will save the world on your behalf.”

You can hand over all your baggage to Fermi.

The countless pains she had to endure alone so far passed through Sirone's head.

' Fermi... …

I hate to admit it, but I am a strong person.

The completeness of eating out, as well as judgment, thinking, knowledge, and psychological warfare, were all close to perfect.

'I have no intention of becoming a hero.' It didn't matter if Fermi could defeat Nane or save the world.

"refuse."

At Sirone's words, Fermi smiled.

“Well, it would be a shame to hand over a position like the Five Stars of the Ivory Tower.”

“It's not that kind of problem. Even if you're stronger than me, it's the money you saved by putting countless people in pain. I cannot sell you the power of Yahweh.”

As always, Fermi wasn't thrilled.

Every time he saw that calm face, Shirone felt like he was caught in a snare, but he had no choice but to regain his senses.

“Then how about this?”

Fermi put his mouth to Syrone's ear.

Sirone's pupils widened as he listened to his whispering voice.

Gaold, standing alone on the sandy beach, watched the sun rise over the horizon.

Although he did not attack the maze after he regained consciousness, his cold attitude did not change.

Miro solved his complicated feelings with irritation.

"why? Let’s stick together one more time.”

Gangnan said.

“Gaold is not that stupid. I lost my temper when I saw you in a state of excitement, but... … For if it's only a fraction of a second that love turns to hate, then vice versa.

'There is still a labyrinth in his head.'

That fact made Gangnan unbearably sad.

“It’s a maze.”

Miro, hearing Gaold's voice, approached him grumbling all the way.

“Did you call?”

Gaold caught the maze in his eyes.

A burning desire welled up in his heart, but the emotion soon turned to anger.

' sick.'

To Gaold, the labyrinth was pain itself.

Miro said.

“Your eyes are cruel. do you hate me that much? Then why don't you give me a slap on the cheek instead?”

“It will work to some extent.” It was better for her to live her resentment on her than to have her get out of her head forever.

Miro looked back at the sea and said.

“Remember what we said in Zion? I told you to come back whenever you feel like you can't take it anymore.”

"It did."

"Can't you come back now? Because you don't have to fight anymore, because I'll be by your side... …

“I’m weak and fall for it.”

Miro made an impression.

“Yes, fool! It's all because of you! Why did you intervene in my life, I'm Lee! Honestly, I don't like you!”

Gaold turned coldly.

“Leave. this is your last chance The next time I see you, I will not forgive you.”

Looking at Gaold's back as he returned to Gangnan, Miro put on an absurd expression.

"you… …

Is it really the Gaold you know?

Gangnan asked.

"are you okay?"

I couldn't dare to guess Gaold's heart to fight to the point of hating the woman he loved.

“Let’s just leave. go to the middle continent Everything will be settled there.”

The three of them moved on, and Miro, who was left alone on the sandy beach, grinded his teeth.

"Ok, fine! That's it for now. It was dirty to meet you, let's not see each other again! okay?"

Gaold didn't even respond.

“I will go back.”

If I had more of my heart here, I might lose even the will of the utmost goodness.

“I will be back!”

The only crack engraved in the spirit of the polar line made Miro's chest throb.

'You came to rescue me.'

It would not be an exaggeration to say that he had lived his entire life for Maze since they met at magic school.

“I’m really going crazy!”

Having made up her mind, Miro moved forward with great enthusiasm and caught up with Gaold in an instant.

“Go with me! I'm going too!” Seven days after Fisho's funeral, the demons finally took control of the capital of Kazura.

Most of the royal family was slaughtered, and the people were incorporated into the army of hell through ideological education.

“Since the psychic realm is closed, we should use humans.”

The number of demons still exceeded 200 million, but it was not their only war anymore.

“One month ahead. If Tormia is captured within it, the war will end. It is useless after that.”

Vulcan's plan was to eliminate all humans on the planet after winning the war.

“Why should I?”

Because it was Harvey's will, the person Sumodo asked was Harvey's, not Vulcan.

“Elimination of all humans?”

"okay. Kill them all, and we'll die too. It’s good so far, but what is the reason?”

“Because I’m curious.”

Havitz said, stroking his mustache.

“That's all. The first murderer must have thought this. what if i kill it? So you try to kill it. If it wasn't so good, I wouldn't do it again, but it's good that I did. You can take that person's things, and you don't have to be annoyed by the side. That’s why a lot of people do it.”

“So there was chaos before evil. So, curiosity about the possibilities.”

Harvits nodded.

“It is the same with this war. You wonder what would happen if you killed them all? Let's do it.”

“Maybe nothing will happen.”

Havitz's smile was convex.

“That is fun too. Because it proves that humans are meaningless. But if it's something special... …

Harvitz's gaze turned to the night sky.

“What wouldn’t happen though? God has come down and you have won, would you like to say the same?”

Sumodo said.

“I hope nothing happens. that's my taste It's thrilling.”

“That’s when you go and decide… …

When Habitz performed incarnation, the brains of Vulcan and Sumodo stopped recognizing him.

“Tonight we’re raiding enemy lines. tell me tasha and to zeta

n......w

Harvits said.

“I’ll go for a walk.”

Vulcan and Sumodo turned their heads at the appearance of Habitz ten steps away.

'Vanishing.'

What was truly terrifying was not that I hadn't seen Havitz, but that he had disappeared from my head.

'Havitz is free.'

It's atrocious because it can do anything.

“O uh”

----The ?

The scenery of enemy camps was captured in Natasha's pupils, whose eyelids were neatly cut off.

His gaze was fixed, an interesting smile appeared on his lips, and he was holding his wrists with his knees bent.

' It's awesome.'

It was an aura that could be felt because she was the best in the world in battle.

"What are you doing? In a strange position.”

Zetaro yawned and approached.

"excuse me."

Natasha pointed at the enemy camp.

“There is something great. I don't know who it is, but it feels like the world is being sucked in every time I breathe. I want to go quickly.”

“Is there anyone that strong?”

Because it was Natasha's evaluation, not anyone else's, even Zeta penetrated the darkness and inspected the enemy lines.

“I don’t know. Anyway, wait a bit. Because Vulcan said it was going to hit tonight. i sleep some more Oh right."

Turning around, Zetaro suddenly realized and asked.

“Can you win?” Natasha didn't answer.

Tess was standing guard at the Valkyrie barracks, one kilometer away from the demon army.

“It’s not unusual… …

Outwardly, there was nothing different from usual, but today, strangely, my heart was pounding.

'Something always explodes on days like this.'

I heard Ryan's voice.

"what? Are you still doing that?”

He came with freshly baked bread, cut it in half, and handed it to Tess.

"eat. There should be a late-night snack.”

"thank you."

Tess raised the corners of her mouth, but it was awkward.

"What's wrong with you today? Restless from before. You definitely have a defensive posture.”

"I don't know. I feel bad. It feels like someone is watching over there.”

Lian inspected the enemy lines.

“Hmm.”

the law knows

The fact that Rian and Natasha's eyes collided head-on with a distance of 1 kilometer in between.