[642] Dead End (2)

Everyone was silent, but the air was heavy, as if a thought had jumped out.

Rejecting the royal decree in the already known state was a challenge to the state's public authority, and Ryman's shoulders trembled in anger.

“You dare! Do you know what blasphemy against royalty is? I don't deserve the death penalty!”

Now that Amy had given consent, Sirone had nothing to be afraid of.

“Neither arrogant nor against the kingdom. I'm just saying I didn't do anything wrong.”

"this… … !”

Right before Lyman exploded, Pony couldn't stand it any longer and turned and left.

“Pony!”

When the person who deserved the apology left, even Laiman couldn't catch the strand.

It was only that he felt resentful of Sirone for making the situation this way.

“You will pay the price for your choices! Hang your head and wait!”

He wanted to punish Sirone right away, but there was nothing he could do about it because he had expectations from the royal castle.

When Laiman disappeared, the students rushed to him.

“Sirone-senpai! Are you really okay?”

Sirone just looked back at Amy and was grateful for her smile.

'Amy.'

Can we think of the mind apart from the body?

Whatever the outcome, the distance between the two of them would be a little further away now.

* * *

While the teachers gathered in the meeting room of Alpheas Magic School watched, Sade jumped up.

“I say it with the determination to be insulted. I think we should pass the bill to delay Sirone's graduation by one year.”

It was the most realistic alternative, but Shiina's sensibility was unacceptable.

“Sirone has achieved great results that will go down in the history of the kingdom. If graduation is canceled like this, Alpheas Magic School will also become a laughingstock of history.”

“But it is a royal decree. This situation could cause serious damage to Alpheas Magic School.”

“But you can't make students the scapegoats for politics! Teachers have a duty to protect their students!”

When Shiina hit the desk, Sade raised her voice.

“Anyway, Sirone can graduate next year! When a storm comes, the boat must dodge. If you try to break through, everything will be submerged in the sea!”

Alpheas let out a long groan.

'How did it end up like this?'

He recorded the best grades in the history of the kingdom, but being too good turned into poison.

said Olivia.

“Commoners have a weak foundation and are easy to shake, but they do not have a higher sense of belonging to the country than nobles. That's what made the royal castle uneasy. If I had been a noble, I would have gone through the normal negotiation process.”

“So you want to watch?”

“It can't be helped. Rationality is also created under the system. As long as the royal decree has fallen, there is nothing we can do.”

It was possible for Alpheas to arbitrarily force Sirone to graduate, but the aftermath would be truly terrifying.

“My head hurts.”

Alpheas let out a sigh and quietly left the conference room where all sorts of arguments were taking place.

* * *

“Where is Sirone?”

Nade arrived at the dorm and opened the door, but Amy and Iruki were the only ones left.

“I went out to get some fresh air.”

"You're not thinking weird, are you? Like leaving school.”

“Not that stupid. nothing has been decided Let's wait and see what position he will take in the royal castle. I might come up with a better deal.”

At the end of a day filled with Sirone's stories, Pony was lost in thought without even drinking water.

'I just wanted to become a wizard.'

From the moment I realized that the qualification was something I could always get, I lost everything in my life.

Sitting at her desk, holding a pen, Pony wrote down a will, and at the end added a phrase asking for permission for Sirone to graduate.

I climbed into a chair, tied a rope to the ceiling beam, tied a noose, and pushed my face through it like a necklace.

Finally, look back to see if this method is the best.

“I'm sorry, mother.”

Without a moment's hesitation, I jumped off the chair and all my weight was concentrated on my slender neck.

'what?'

Pony's eyelids, which had been tightly closed, slowly opened.

My heart beat wildly at the death signal from my brain, and it was only moments later that I realized someone was holding my leg.

Looking down, Pony's eyes widened.

“Sirone?”

Sirone was looking up with a smile.

“This is not good, Pony.”

Is it really sirone?

As I twisted my body a little at the thought that maybe I was already dead and seeing an illusion, realistic pain tightened my throat.

“Ugh!”

Just before the load was applied, the wind cutter cut the rope, and Pony's body landed on the floor like a doll.

"are you okay?"

With both hands on the ground, she turned away from Sirone.

"Why did you come?"

“I’m afraid you might be like this.”

“Then why did you come! I mean, I wanted to die. If I die, you will be able to graduate too, so why are you saving me?”

Sirone did not answer.

"go back. Because I still feel like I can die one more time. If you miss this opportunity, your life is over.”

"It's not your fault, Pony."

Pony's face hardened.

“It's not my fault? Do you think I would believe such a lie? Be honest. I wish I was dead, I wish I was dead and all this would go back!”

“I didn’t say I wasn’t angry.”

Sirone squatted down next to Pony.

“I also want everything to work out. But it's not your fault. So you don't have to die."

The fact that he was shown the last moment of his life dying, and the situation he was comforted by Sirone were miserable.

"what do you want?"

Pony jerked her head.

“What would you like me to do for you? money? authority? title? take it all It’s okay to take everything away, so please, please, finish it with this!”

“I don’t want anything from you. What I want is not something anyone can give me. and already got it At this moment, I can think and act like this.”

When Sirone touched Pony's shoulder, Pony's lips pouted.

“So don't feel guilty. Even if no one gives me qualifications, I'm a wizard now.”

"mi… … .”

As the words she really wanted to say came out, she fell into Sirone's arms.

"Sorry! I'm so sorry, Sirone! I am… … I am… … !”

Patting Pony's back, Sirone whispered.

"are you okay. It's not your fault.”

“Look how I have been. Sorry!"

It wasn't that you could always become a wizard if you wanted to.

'If I can't understand it, I really didn't get it.'

At that time, an employee of the Magic Association who heard Pony's voice opened the door and came in.

"what! How did you get in here?”

An employee who confirmed that the window was open prepared for battle.

"damn! What are the outskirts guards doing!”

“Stop.”

Pony escaped from Sirone's arms and approached them.

“But Pony! Sirone is strictly prohibited by the association... … .”

“Are you bringing up the signboard of the association in front of me?”

“Ugh!”

The association staff shrank their heads at the atmosphere that was different from before.

The energy emitted by the noblest lineage in the kingdom was not obtained through training or learning.

Pony turned her head and said with a friendly expression.

“Sirone, stop going back.”

“But you… … .”

"are you okay. I won't be shaken now i will stay in school And I will definitely become a wizard.”

Realizing Pony's will, Sirone smiled in relief and headed for the window.

“Good luck, Pony.”

"you also."

As soon as the words were finished, Sirone jumped down.

Association employees reflexively rushed to the scene, but no one could find him as he cast an explosive statue of Buddha.

* * *

“Graduate Aryan Sirone! The kingdom's injustice cannot be tolerated by the students!”

Members of the Emergency Response Committee, which was formed around the student council, gathered at the school building and staged a demonstration.

Even Pony, a party to this agenda, was on the side of the committee, so the destructive power was considerable, and the teachers also seemed to want to follow the opinions of the students.

“I understand what you mean. We are currently preparing the necessary documents... … .”

At that time, Olivia, the teacher's council auditor, accompanied the teachers and delivered the school's position.

“What a fuss!”

Laiman led the soldiers and came running.

“Please graduate Ariane Sirone!”

“It is a royal decree! Do you all want to be arrested for treason?”

As some students flinched, Pony raised her head and stepped out.

"If you're going to arrest me, you'll have to do it first."

“Miss Pony! Why the hell are you doing this?”

Lyman could not understand at all.

If she just kept her mouth shut, Sirone's graduation would be canceled, and perhaps she could have taken Tio's place.

- What I want to get is not what others can give.

Recalling Sirone's words, Pony cut her arm horizontally.

“Go away. We will request a special inspection system in the royal family as an inherent right of the royal family. I will thoroughly reveal who is involved in this case and how much slush funds have been exchanged.”

“Waaaaaa!”

As if joining Pony's declaration, the students cheered.

'I'm still young.'

When the blade of the referee strangled his throat, Ryman calmed down.

“Anything you ask for. However, Sirone's graduation will be put on hold until the trial is over.”

Now that this was the case, there was no choice but to drive it into a mud fight and kill time.

If Sirone doesn't graduate anyway, the headwinds will subside.

“Miss Pony. In any case, the royal decree is still in effect. If we do not disperse the students, we will have no choice but to arrest them all.”

It wouldn't be just a scare, so Olivia stepped out.

“Once everyone goes back… … .”

"excuse me."

I turned my head to the voice I heard from behind the teachers, but the subject of the voice was already moving towards the committee.

'It's a great master.'

Even Olivia, certified second-class, was a skilled person who couldn't even sense the sign of movement.

The man had a good impression as much as the pure white robe, but his eyes were sharp, and his long black hair was tied over the top of his head.

He opened his mouth while shaking a fan with a small bell on his back with his left hand.

"hmm… … therefore. What was your name? What did you say?”

“Sirone. How many times have I told you?”

A tiny creature like a baby appeared from inside the man's robe.

Her skin was crimson red, her eyes were black like a panda's, and she had a long tail like a spear.

“Is there any Ariane Sirone here?”

After tilting her head at the strange way of speaking, she suddenly came to her senses at the name Sirone.

“I am Aryan Sirone. Who are you?"

The man who had been staring blankly at the approaching sirone hurriedly groped for himself.

“Uh, so I… … . Where did you put it?”

The red-skinned creature sighed and held out a tile with three overlapping pentagrams.

'It's a star. It's also three-star.'

Everyone who knew the meaning of the three stars shuddered in shock.

“We are from the Ivory Tower Balance Department. I have something to say to Arian Sirone.”

“Sang, the ivory tower?”

Amid the students' murmur, a man holding a fan reached out to Sirone.

"Nice to meet you. My name is Arte.”

Ivory Tower 3-star villager, Ghost Demon Castle Arte.

“And I am called Satellite Tokei.”

Opening his mouth wide like a mischievous person, Tokay held out a card with an orbital trajectory next to Arte's card.

---------------------------------------