[590] Event of the day (1)

The twelfth island of the Mediterranean, the Kingdom of Roblant.

This small country with a population of 700,000 boasts such beautiful scenery that 70 percent of its citizens are engaged in tourism.

At the hotel, a world-class resort and tax haven for wealthy people, secret meetings were being held by politicians who could be known just by hearing their names.

Marika Hotel, a bar on the second basement level.

"Paray!"

Six tables were placed next to each other and 14 people were drinking.

At the center of it all was Miro, the most famous person in the world and yet an unknown woman.

“One more drink!”

“Are you up for a challenge?”

"of course. not there yet!"

When Miro raised her hand excitedly, the men burst into laughter.

“This lady is not your average weekly. good! Kadun, roll another glass.”

“Leave it to me!”

After setting the 1,000 sissy glasses, a man named Kadun climbed onto the table and tilted the bottle in both hands, pouring the drink like a waterfall.

The two liquids bubbling and filling, and Maze grabbed the empty cup, and the son-in-law fell silent in an instant.

Every time Miro's neck moved, the crowd's eyes lit up.

The moment the last sip was passed, everyone stood up, and Miro, who put the cup down with a bang, stepped on two chairs and pulled his fist to his side.

“Paray!”

The sound of 14 people shouting at the same time reverberated through the tavern.

“It’s good to sell, Miro.”

"uh?"

Miro turned his head and noticed Sain who had entered the tavern before he knew it.

“Hey, my friend! What are you doing here?”

As if drunk, a blush bloomed on Miro's face.

“Paray!”

It seems that someone drank poison again.

Miro sat down on the bed as he heard the cheers through the wall.

“Oh, drunk. I must have drank too much polka.”

I didn't even know what a polka was.

“Are things going well?”

At Sain's question, Miro pointed to the ceiling.

“It’s on the 14th floor. I guess it's a long story. I think it will take two more days to come to a conclusion.”

Sein pulled out a chair and sat down.

“It’s good to have fun, but be careful. Because there are many people who are after you.”

“Whoops, who dares to attack me?”

There are only a handful of people in the world who can break the maze of the world, but seeing her disheveled today made me feel old.

'Well, since I've been locked up for 20 years.'

Miro's originally free-spirited talent seemed to have exploded without control.

'Maybe the world's greatest bad boy has been released.'

Miro asked.

“But what happened? come directly Any problem?”

"little. Fermi visited me.”

Miro gave a meaningless smile.

“I took the blueprints for Istas. Of course, the blueprint with the Guffin's Gate.”

“Ha, I knew that.”

“I sent it to Armin as you said, but is it really okay?”

"then. Can anything happen?”

“Time and space of infinite circulation structure. It's a case that Guffin tried to protect somehow. If an outside factor intervenes and twists events, the world could end.”

Miro was speechless despite the terrifying remark.

“What kind of case is this? What happened in Estas?”

"I don't know either."

Sein tilted his head.

“You don’t know?”

“Something must have happened in Estas. But not in my memory. It disappeared with the erasure of the Guffin. But now that I have experienced the world, I can only vaguely guess.”

“Is that why you didn’t come forward yourself?”

“In the upper echelons of Estas, there is the me of 19 years ago. If events are twisted in some way, the world will be different from what we know. That's why I told Fermi to give me the blueprint.”

Miro's eyes grew dim.

"If the history of the world is twisted anyway, it's up to the parties concerned to destroy it."

“Is Sirone included in the party?”

“It could be.”

Sein, lost in thought, asked.

“Who is Sirone? Is it the blood of a guffin?”

"I don't know. The only one who knows the answer is me from 19 years ago.”

Sein poured out the wine and handed it to Miro.

“Are you not running away?”

Miro, who was handed a drink, raised her eyebrows.

"escape?"

“Yolga.”

“I told you. I have no memory of that time.”

"But don't you have memories before entering the upper levels?"

Sein was persistent.

"okay."

Miro remembered Yoga's face.

“Lovely, kind, and just a good person was an unnie that fit perfectly. Could there really be anyone in the world who would hate Yolgah?”

“Then he went missing.”

Sein approached Miro.

"How likely are you to kill me?"

“Whoa, do you want to know that?”

“I am just worried about you. Why did Guffin choose you and not Yoga? If only he was such a good person.”

“Because he is a good person.”

Miro passed the strong drink all at once.

“Maybe I killed him. But even if I could turn back time, my judgment would be the same.”

The drunkenness completely disappeared from Miro's eyes looking at Sein.

“I must have killed it because it was worth killing. It is true that I should have been the successor to Guffin.”

* * *

From early in the morning, the senior class was bustling.

After Scramble Royale ended, participants joined the fierce competition again, and only a few left the school for personal reasons.

The representative characters were Nade and Caden.

The winning team was determined to make up for the 7-day absence, and the losing team had to come up with an alternative to lower their score than Nade.

'I just need to lower it before the graduation exam. One point behind Nade is the best result.'

The problem was that he did not know when Nade would return.

"don't worry. I just need some time to think.”

Her best friend, Iruki, reassured Amy like that.

Meanwhile, Sirone, who refused to evaluate, left the lodging early in the morning and arrived at the meeting place.

An eye mask without an eye patch was waiting.

“Did you break the seal?”

"Because it's the Magic Eye I brought for that purpose. What about Armand?”

Sirone responded by showing Kubrick.

“Now tell me. What do you mean there are guffins upstairs?”

"I'll explain as I go."

When Anchal turned to Istas, Sirone refused.

"no. I'll have to listen to the explanation. We will go together after that.”

Anchal, who checked the time, turned back.

"good. It's a matter of life and death for you too."

Anchal reconstructed and recounted a situation that might have happened in Istas 19 years ago.

“Guffins… … You said you came here?”

“Isn’t that obvious? You saw Guffin's Gate, too."

Even so, when I heard about it, I didn't really feel it.

The gap that the person who was erased from everyone's memory was a wizard that everyone in the world knew just 19 years ago couldn't be easily narrowed.

“At that time, it is estimated that Yolga and his party were included among the people hiding in Istas in pursuit of Miro.”

“Yolga?”

"I'm Fermi's mother."

"ah… … .”

“What is certain is that the kingdom of Tormia secretly sent troops to kill Miro. Hwaseong, a secret unit belonging to the Kimudae. Each one of them is a powerful assassin.”

Sirone recalled the scene she had seen in Eastas through the Poetry Statue Explosion.

"For sure… … It has the mark of Tormia Kingdom engraved on it.”

“The upper floors of Istas cannot be opened unless very complex conditions are met. But your ability to control time ignored that condition and brought past events to the surface. This will help in some way.”

Anchal asked last.

“Are you going with me? My explanation ends here.”

Sirone, who was lost in thought, finally lifted her head.

* * *

Rumble! Rumble!

Fermi and Lichen were having a conversation in the 89 buildings of Estas, which were constantly changing and changing their structure.

“The upper floors are only open to certain structures. A stop magic is needed at the end.”

“It’s very detailed.”

“It's not that precise. It wasn’t a place made to be explored in the first place.”

“It is the time of infinite circulation structure.”

For Lichen, it has not yet come to reality.

“If there really was such a thing, I could have everything in the world.”

What he paid attention to was time itself, not the events of Istas.

"okay. The incident keeps repeating itself. We are no exception. thus… … .”

Fermi threw a red glowing orb.

“It means that any number of things can be duplicated.”

Lichen, who snatched the marble, made a puzzled expression.

“Didn’t you say 10 billion gold?”

"That's 10 billion gold."

"this? It doesn't look like a jewel. Is it an object by any chance?”

"answer. <The Last Scream of the Jaeger Family>. I bought it at Curia auction for twice the cigar price.”

"Twice? then it's a loss The high price of the object must be because it has a rare value, but if you copy it... … .”

“Of course, but <The Last Scream of the Jaeger Family> is an exception. When the bearer is in danger, it sends out an audible signal to let you know. It's expendable and it's closely related to life, so if you duplicate it in hundreds, it's a matter of time to make a lot of money.”

“Hmm, that’s right.”

Lichen was satisfied only then.

“Move along the set coordinates, then return to this warehouse and put it in the safe here.”

Fermi pointed to a sturdy safe.

“Then, as the incident repeats itself, it continues to pile up. But, you'll have to be careful. The skills of those involved in this case are not normal. It’s best to bypass the space.”

“Hehe, it doesn’t matter.”

Lichen pulled up the rubber tights to cover her nose.

'Because my skills are certain.'

The eldest son of Gunzo Bedium, who is considered the strongest hitman in the black line, was Gunzo Licorn.

Fermi asked with such trust.

“What are you going to do if you earn a lot of money?”

“Charity.”

"haha! what?"

In Fermi's opinion, Lichen was a worse villain than himself.

“Isn’t it fun? The villainous philanthropist. It’s just a blow to the slick hypocrites.”

Lichen said as she loosened her neck.

“Do you know why humans think only they are right? It's all because of your fucking imagination. You are mistaken as if you have actually done something you have never experienced.”

Fermi was listening with interest.

“If you don't want to die in your imagination, you can even cut off your own feet. But in real life, if you give me a saw, I can't even bring it to my ankle. That's the blind spot of imagination. The lack of pain.”

Lichen does not imagine.

“I do hit-and-run, but I honestly think it's a bad move. Because if I kill someone, others can kill me too.”

"That's the social contract."

“But my father supported our family with a hit-and-run job. If he hadn’t killed people, I would have been more miserable.”

“That doesn’t mean everyone commits murder, does it?”

“It’s not that I don’t commit. The point is, shut up if you're not willing to bear my pain for me. Don't use your wild imagination.”

Fermi raised an eyebrow.

“You are the world's villain, Licorn.”

“Geuk, that’s why I like you. I thought I could make a lot of money working with you from the start.”

“Get out, Electric Monster.”

Electricity flowed through the lichen's body, and the figure evaporated in an instant with a gripping sound.

“Then shall we begin soon?”

After confirming that the Istas structure had stopped operating, Fermi left the warehouse.

It was time to cast the stop magic.

* * *

“The position of the structure has changed.”

Sirone, who arrived at Estas with Anchal, muttered with a serious expression.

The key was that it was not just a change, but a structure that I had seen somewhere.

'That's the structure when the Guffin's door was opened.'

“Looks like Fermi is already in.”

Anchal looked closely at Istas and then turned to Sirone.

“Are you ready? Once you step in, you may never come back.”

Sirone swallowed and nodded.

"good. Then let us begin.”

The warehouse door opened, and the two slowly entered.

This is an event that actually existed 19 years ago, but has been erased from the memory of everyone in the world.

It is a record of 2 hours and 48 minutes.

---------------------------------------