[84] Light and darkness, good and evil (2)

Clearing her thoughts, Canis glared at Sirone. His smooth appearance, which seemed to have never suffered, made his stomach twist.

'joy. You'll think I'm a villain but… … .'

The power of darkness rose from the shadow of Canis. Even though it was cut down by the lighting magic, the playback speed was amazing. 

'To me, all of you are evil!'

As the power of darkness sprinted, Sirone wiped the ground clean with photon output. Then he picked up the photon cannon mounted in his right hand and threw it. Harvest intercepted and received it with his body. As the photon cannon penetrated the body, Harvest's body was pushed into the forest. However, far from being shocked, he provoked Sirone by wiggling his long fingers.

“Quack. Come in, come in.”

The forest is like a home ground for the dark mage, but Sirone rushed into the forest without delay. Then, dozens of photons were fired from left to right and right to left over her head.

Doo doo doo doo! Doo doo doo doo!

Hundreds of flares pierced the ceiling of the forest. Ned and Iruki stared at the sky, which had brightened like daylight, in dismay.

"That bastard, it's triggered properly."

“I guess you know that too. If Sirone can't stop him, it's a losing game in the end.”

Iruki slowly looked away. Lucas was following Sirone into the forest. Noticing gray smoke billowing in front of his eyes, he quickly threw himself away. The atomic bomb exploded with a bang, and Lucas, who had stepped back 10 meters in an instant, glared at Iruki with terrifying eyes.

“You child… … .”

“Don't do anything stupid. Because what you think, we think too. Just stand there.”

"That's ridiculous."

No matter how immature it is, to think that a wizard trainee or something like that would deal with a B-class criminal. When Lucas drew his twin swords, there was a gurgling sound. His temperament conveyed through the spirit zone was haze like burning firewood.

The range of bodies that can be strengthened with schema is infinite, but most of them use proven builds because unbalanced causes serious side effects.

A build that leans to one side will ruin the body. For example, if you put too much strain on the nervous system, the muscle can't keep up with the speed of the nerve and burst.

The build currently used by Lucas is a mitochondrial build that instantly increases energy efficiency by strengthening mitochondria, the energy factories of organisms.

Although it has the disadvantage of rapidly consuming stamina, the effect of simultaneously increasing the overall body was attractive, so it was the default build for most users.

'It could be dangerous... … .'

Iruki checked Nade's condition. Looking at Lucas with cold eyes reminded me of the summer five years ago. On a day when it rained heavily, the two collided. It was close to a miracle that Nade could laugh now. Perhaps he will never show his old face again. He hated the face that resembled the person he loved the most in the world.

“Careful, Nade. That guy is a schema user.”

"I know. Let's increase firepower and suppress them in the early stages.”

Lucas was dumbfounded. The word caution is used when avoiding a puddle or crossing a precarious bridge, not when a knife will sooner or later cut your throat.

"ha. Kids these days... … .”

Lucas, who was scratching his head, blurted out. At the same time, a golden flash was born between Nade and Iruki. The teleportation light flashed and two people appeared ten meters away from Lucas. Iruki looked at his chest. His clothes were cut sharply, and blood was leaking from the line drawn on his chest.

"are you okay?"

“It is not fatal. But it's really fast.”

Even if magic was a transcendent power, the wizard's body was definitely human. Excluding the magic effect, the ability to react and respond to the movement of the schema inspection was inevitably reduced.

However, if you think about it backwards, it was the same for the prosecutor. The power of magic is not something that can be endured with a schema. Even if it was a student-level magic, if you allowed correct hits, you would lose your life. 

Nade and Iruki concentrated their firepower. Atomic Bomb's chain of explosions continued like a snake, and Nade calculated Lucas' movement and fired a predictive shot. However, he couldn't get a hit on a movement that was completely different from the mechanical patterns he had been training at school.

'shit! There are quite a few young ones?'

The situation was not easy for Lucas. Due to the nature of the mitochondrial build, his stamina was dropping in seconds. When the energy metabolic rate was raised to the maximum, the speed jumped. Detouring the wide radius in an instant, he jumped up from Iruki's side and brandished his twin swords. Nade, who ran from the other side, held out both of his hands. As the electric shock magic hit the abdomen, alternating vibrations shook the body at a speed of 60 times per second.

“Iruki! Now!”

Iruki was already preparing. Gray smoke rose from the stunned Lucas' face. Watching his detonation reaction right in front of his eyes, Lucas tried to move his body with all his might. As if his muscles had been charred, he had no strength.

'damn! damn!'

To be in danger of dying against only kids. No, are you really dying? When I was in an unexpected situation, I felt like I lost even the sense of reality.

Iruki was sure it was over. It was not a hasty decision as there was even a detonation reaction. However, the Spirit Zone suddenly disappeared. He started paralyzing his legs before he could figure out the cause. Before he knew it, the shadow of another person was connected beneath his feet. I could tell that it was Arin's skill even without seeing it.

'Damn it!'

Lucas fought his way out of the alternating current vibration. He then lunged at Nade, who humiliated him. His anger, which went to the threshold of death, reached an all-time high, and the matter containing his emotions flashed.

“Nade! Run away!”

Nade developed electricity in both hands even when he was affected by the Eye. Lucas opened his twin swords and tried to pass left and right. As the blade cut through the wind, unexpectedly thick pillars of ice surged on both sides of Nade.

The twin swords plunged into the ice with a bang. Lucas' eyes widened in shock. His swordsmanship can split even rocks. However, it was a situation where only one piece of ice could not be cut and was blocked.

A familiar face was reflected in Lucas' eyes as he slowly turned around. She was the teacher, the woman he had just thrown down a cliff.

“Sensei Shiina!”

Nade shouted with a flash of color. But Shiina said nothing. She had dry eyes that couldn't read emotions, and she was only looking at Lucas.

* * *

"ha. ha."

Etella's knees, leaning against the trunk of the tree, were bent as if they were about to collapse at any moment. She was the one who had a long 30-minute chase. Even so, she couldn't completely outrun Arcane.

'The poison is spreading. I can't delay treatment any longer.'

Ethella sat down and tore the waist of her habit. Black blood flowed from the scar that passed over her navel. It was a wound from a poison cutter. She is preventing the poison from spreading by breathing, but it is only a temporary remedy. I had to suck her wounds to get her venom out, but it was an area that her lips couldn't reach.

Ethella put her hands behind her hips, grabbed the trunk of the tree, and put on the grip. A crunching sound came from his spine as he bent his back as he lowered his head. As the erector spinae muscles lengthened the spine, the hips lifted off the ground and the lower back sharply bent. As I rolled my body into a spiral, my lips finally touched the bottom of his navel.

Etella pushed out all the toxins that permeated her body through her wounds. Then he filled her lungs with air and sucked through her wounds. The moment the poison drained from her, she felt a burning pain. She frowned between her brows and lifted her head vigorously. As she spat her venom out of her mouth, black blood dripped onto the grass. The grass dried up in an instant. 

Ethella's face began to come alive again. Taking off her crooked glasses and throwing them on the floor, she wrapped her kimono, which she had just torn, around her fist and bumped into them.

“Whoa. I will live for a while now.”

As the swaying Spirit Zone regained its durability, the surrounding energy was transmitted through synesthesia. Opening her eyes wide, she kicked off the ground and took off. Dozens of black hands rose from the ground as if they were squeezing ink.

'It's already here... … .'

Being able to pursue Jonah, an expert in exploration, without a break was to prove how agile the Archmage of Darkness can be when facing darkness.

“The poison seems to have been removed. The more I look at it, the more I like it.”

Arcane appeared after breaking the veil of darkness. However, Ethella did not have to run away any longer.

“It won’t be easy from now on.”

“Are you in the mood to do it right? Then, let’s enjoy it without hesitation.”

As Etela pushed power into her fist, the energy of the Yin-Yang Wave Fist filled up. Arcane quickly caught her change. She had completely given up on the Spirit Zone.

Wizards deal with the Spirit Zone, swordsmen deal with the schema. However, the capital trains both at the same time. This is because the significance of a monk's existence is not to ascend to a high place, but to embrace the world with the broadest heart.

Arcane didn't like that. If she had focused on one field from the beginning, she would not have known her name on the continent.

'It's a pity. Why did a talent who could stand on the top of the world choose composition? It would be foolish to say such a thing to someone who doesn't even think of going up.'

Arcane reached out and cast a spell. If it was the opponent who used the schema, there was a countermeasure against it.

“Darkness.”

Countless spiders crawled out of the shadows of the forest. Just looking at the sight of spiders the size of a human head gave me goosebumps.

Aaaaaaaaaaaaa!

However, the true value of the family of darkness was from now on. A dark golem with a height of more than 3 meters stood next to Arcane.

His face was buried in his shoulders, his torso and limbs swollen as if wrapped in wool. Her arms were long and her legs were short.

Dark Fellowship is a magic that casts shadowy powers that convert 100% of mental power into physical power. It was qualitatively different from the power of darkness that absorbs energy from the outside. It is not immune to light like magical creatures, but there was no fighting weapon that exerted more power than this on a night when the sun fell.

“Go, my people.”

It was Dark Spider who opened fire. It was impossible to even figure out how many were moving as the number of them got tangled together.

Etella swung her jab and bounced the spiders in all directions. Then, when she fired a straight line at the spider's cluster, she let out a pop and the shadows scattered.

Aaaaa!

The Dark Golem broke through the flying spiders and attacked. Her thick forearms slammed her into the ground as Etella flailed her body like her flying squirrel. As the ground rippled like a wave, it could not withstand the shock and exploded. Ethella's face turned pale at the power of her earth magic comparable to that of Rubtion. Since all of the Archmage's mental power was converted into physical power, her physical strength was beyond imagination.

The golem with both hands on the ground turned its head. Then, drawing an arc with his arms as if wielding a hammer, he attacked again.

bang! bang! bang! bang!

Etella recklessly retreated to the chained attack with both fists swinging like windmills. The ultimate weapon with speed, flexibility and destructive power was the Dark Golem.

Since you can't retreat forever, Etela stepped on the ground at the end of her escape and confronted the Dark Golem.

Aaaaa!

Etella jumped into the arms of the dark golem that stood up like a barrier and punched her side.

Phew!

The giant golem staggered. As the equivalent exchange took place, a shock rushed through the mind of the Arcane.

---------------------------------------