[508] Evil Headwinds (2)

“Evil Law Satan.”

Gando followed Uorin's words exactly.

Currently, it is Satan that Uorin is pointing out as the prime suspect, but the name Satan is familiar even in human history.

Of course, no one has directly seen the reality, but through numerous documents and pictures, I was able to subjectively imagine the appearance of Satan.

"okay. If there is something Anchera cannot do, it must be evil. And if it's a concept that represents that evil, then Satan is perfect.”

Since ancient times, the kingdoms of heaven and earth have had limited exchanges.

In the process, mankind has accumulated a history of gods and angels, demons and monsters, and it has become a myth and settled in people's minds.

“The opposition between good and evil is different from the opposition between nothing and something. It's not clear. But it is a concept that definitely exists. If so, when did it happen?”

When Gando couldn't answer, Uorin raised her index finger and pointed at the ceiling.

“From the beginning. To be precise, from the time we can think of being the first.”

Anke Ra defined this universe as a god-forsaken dump and decided to become a god himself.

And from then on, the universe became the universe, but in reality, it was the same reason that the universe existed since he was gone.

“That is what good and evil are. The whole, and something that opposes the whole. Perhaps it is endless chaos and instability. And from the moment we perceive the universe, it works on us in the name of good and evil.”

"so that… … It means that you cannot get rid of the evil law called Anke.”

Uorin crossed her legs and rested her chin on her chin.

“Hmm, I guess that’s the most likely theory right now. I'll be able to hear more details once Tormia's Cage Team B returns."

Gando felt like the clue was finally being solved.

Humans can do what Anchera can't.

“In the end, what Ra wants from us is for the followers of good to defeat Satan.”

Uorin smiled very pretentiously.

It seemed adorable knowing it was a joke.

“You are right to think so. But, Gando, humans are not the ones who choose between good and evil.”

Gando blinked his eyes.

Humans think they can choose between good and evil.

In fact, can't even you decide that yourself now?

“Then, what kind of being are humans?”

“He is the one who defines good and evil.”

“… … .”

“There is no absolute dividing line between good and evil. That's the biggest reason why Ankera can't get rid of evil. But humans are different. Because we are extremely selfish and individual, we can flow for good or evil, and that is why we are unstable.”

Uorin leaned against the backrest holding the crystal glass she poured into.

“Instability always reveals weakness. That's why people are said to be weak. But there are things that make me stronger.”

"That is… … What is it?”

When Gando, who had lost his mind, raised his head and asked, Uorin put the glass to his lips and pointed at Gando with his finger.

"belief."

Wow!

Etella, who was pinned against the wall, slammed her buttock on the floor in a crouched position.

“Keugh!”

Aside from the exhaustion of battle, it was to the point of irritation.

At present, the person with the strongest will for good in heaven must be Ethella.

And because of that, it was she who could stop Satan.

However, even if you rallied Satan with all your might, Satan quickly regained his energy and counterattacked with a stronger body than before.

Without looking, I could see that the laws of this world were leaning toward Satan.

"Geuk, you're a strong woman."

Satan, 30 meters tall, approached Etella, breaking his neck.

The building they were in had already completely collapsed, and only the boundary lines on the low walls indicated that it was the angels' room.

“Why are you attacking?”

Satan looked at Etela's ferocious eyes and asked.

“So, why risk your life on a stupid idea? It is always evil that rules the world. Because it is the most efficient means to achieve your desires.”

Satan grabbed the roof of the Buddhist altar standing tall in front of him and tore it off.

When he clenched his fist, the solid bricks crumbled into dust.

“The easiest way to have something is to just have it. If you see something to eat over there, just go up and take it away. Humans know that simple principle all too well. But why do you do stupid things?”

Ethella put her hands on the floor and stood up slowly.

“If humans are truly evil… … .”

Then, as he got ready to fight again, he looked up at Satan's lofty face.

"Why is this world still maintained?"

This time Satan was silent.

“Yes, maybe humans don’t really need lines. Even if you leave it to your desires, you will make your own justice and live well. But keep it in mind. Even in this life dominated by evil, the reason why so many people live while maintaining their humanity is because a small number of people with good will have kept it endlessly.”

"So you're fighting too? Until you give up your desire?”

Ethella laughed.

“This is my desire. With a very selfish heart, I want this world to be full of love.”

Woo woo woo.

A long breath came out, and vitality began to circulate through Etella's body again.

“There is definitely goodness where evil like you doesn’t even look at it. And I am alive.”

Ethella gritted her teeth and charged.

“The fact that humanity still exists is, to me, the clearest conviction of the good than anything else!”

Watching Ethella kick off the ground and jump up, Satan frowned.

belief.

People believe what they believe is right.

That's why humans are dangerous.

Those who seek good, knowing that it is sweet and easy to follow the methodology of evil, have existed endlessly.

“It’s like that.”

Satan raised his fist, aiming at Ethella, who was coming up against him.

“Come on. human!"

“Tahaaaa!”

Etella, which ran over her forearm to avoid the fist, kicked Satan's jaw while spinning.

The face of Satan, huge as a rock, turned, and the falling Etella crossed her arms and caught her breath.

The moment her arms opened and her eyes glowed, the magic of the Yin-Yang Wave Fist unfolded.

Thousands Arms Guanyin Lightning Strike.

Doo doo doo doo doo doo!

A ripple spread from the inside as the lightning strikes hit his hard chest.

Innumerable waves interfered, refracted, and reflected and spread throughout Satan's body.

'Believe! Humans!'

Etella increased the speed of her repeated hits to the point where she couldn't even breathe.

'The will of good in the human heart!'

Doo doo doo!

A shower rained down on Satan's body.

“Great!”

A shower rained down on Satan's body.

* * *

"hey! Uriel!”

It was a long time ago.

Kariel went out to find Uriel, who had destroyed his creation again.

Just looking at the gigantic figure blankly looking up at the sky made me hate it.

'Being ignorant.'

Kariel flew in a ferocious trajectory.

"hey! Why do you keep breaking my things!”

Turning his head, Yuriel's answer was simple.

“You can make it unbreakable.”

“What, what?”

“I am the Archangel of Destruction. can break everything If you are also the archangel of creation, shouldn't you make something that can never be destroyed?"

Kariel gritted her teeth as she tried to refute something.

"damn!"

There was nothing to refute.

“I can make it! But what you destroyed wasn't something like that in the first place! I will tell Ikael everything.”

“To be pathetic. Ikael is the only one born before us, but he is the same archangel anyway. You do your own thing.”

"haha! You say so, but you can't move. wait, I'm right now... … .”

The moment Kariel turned around, Ikael flew in from afar.

Kariel, whose face suddenly brightened, called out to her while lighting up the asteroid.

“Ichael! Ichael!”

As Ikael flew away, Kariel told all about Yuriel's atrocities.

“Whatever I make, I always destroy. Please punish me.”

Contrary to his confident words earlier, Yuriel also turned his head shyly.

"hmm."

Ikael looked down at Kariel's horribly ruined creation.

“Yes, badly broken. Uriel was bad.”

“Now that this is the case, I will make things that will never break in the future. An object that is so strong that Uriel cannot even move.”

Ikael said with a beautiful eye smile.

“Of course, that is a wonderful thing. But Kariel, if all things don't break, there will come a day when you can no longer make new ones.”

“Ha, but… … .”

“There is no creation without destruction. Don't you know?”

“But I feel bad. It feels like I'm being pushed by Uriel for some reason."

“Whoops, you’re welcome. You are the angel of birth. It is a being that can create the most beautiful things even in the most terrible ruins.”

Ikael gently stroked Kariel's hair.

“Make the most beautiful thing in the world. Something so beautiful that Uriel wouldn't even think about destroying it.”

“… … .”

Kariel put on a blank expression as if she realized something.

Ikael said, touching their foreheads.

“Can you do it, Kariel?”

“Cool! Cool!”

Kariel, awaiting extinction, let out a harsh cough.

His pupils were already fully dilated and there was no vitality to be found.

It was a terrible look.

'What I created is nothing but ruins. What more can I do here? Ikael, you are wrong. I couldn't make it in the end.'

Higher than the sky, the faint ripping of the air could be heard.

'Something is coming.'

“Kariel.”

Ikael has arrived.

God's punishment would soon hit Heaven, but it was because of the thought that Kariel's end had to be protected.

“Hey, are you finally looking after me? It is so glorious that it is about to perish.”

"Are you okay?"

“Very well. will soon perish It will disappear soon, so get out of here quickly.”

Ikael knelt down in front of Kariel and placed a hand on his distorted chest.

“I’m sorry. everything is my fault What made you this way.”

Kariel kept her mouth shut.

It wasn't too bad to accept Ikael's kind attitude despite his harsh tone.

'ah… … .'

Kariel realized it belatedly.

The fact that Ikael has always been kind to himself.

"me… … Are you resentful?”

Ikael shook his head slowly.

"no. Why would I hate you?”

Those thrilling words actually hurt Kariel even more.

"It's the last anyway. 'Cause I'm going to perish So be honest. do you resent me I insulted you, mocked you, and made you suffer.”

“Kariel, you are a good angel.”

"Do not lie!"

Where did this energy come from?

Kariel shouted as if it didn't matter if she disappeared immediately.

“You loved humans! You sided with humans until the very end! But why are you lying to me!”

Ikael looked down at Kariel with a pitiful expression.

“Yes, I love humans.”

A soft hand caressed Kariel's hair.

It was the touch I had felt a long time ago.

“And Kariel, you are the most human-like angel out of all the angels I know.”

“Black! Whoops!”

Tears flowed down Kariel's cheeks as she closed her eyes tightly.

I just realized

Why did you hate humans?

"sorry! Black! sorry!"

Ikael continued to stroke Kariel's hair with a sad smile mixed with sadness and pity.

Kariel's hazy eyelids slowly began to close.

"sorry. sorry… … .”

mom.

A name that could never exist for an angel was the last spirit engraved on Kariel's luminary body.

The disfigured body turned into a brilliant light, marking the end of extinction.

'Anker Rashi, take care of poor Kariel.'

Ikael stayed put even after Kariel was gone, and Fleur, standing behind her, turned his head toward the sky.

God's punishment is yet to be seen.

'Well, it's only natural.'

That would be a formidable speed.

Therefore, once it came within visual range, it was so instantaneous that it could not even react to being driven to the ground.

Time left until the destruction of Heaven.

4 minutes 32 seconds.

---------------------------------------