[47] Limitless (6)

When she said there was no solution, Seriel cried. She, who watched the affectionate (?) love of the two from the beginning, was immersed in the situation as if Shirone were the male protagonist in the novel.

“Anyway, can we win? Sirone should win.”

“Hmm.”

Amy put her chin on her chin and flicked at the straw. Mercodyne Iruki. Although her first meeting was unlucky, talent was definitely talent.

“If you look only at targeting, it won’t be easy. Because Servant Syndrome is a really powerful ability. If you use logs, it will be very difficult for opponents. Moreover, Iruki is sincere? If Iruki had seriously challenged me back then... … .”

“Even if you tried?”

Amy, thinking deeply, pouted her lips and said.

“I might have lost.”

Seriel was shocked. To say that Amy, who has never missed first place in the advanced class, may have lost because she set an unchanging record in Class Five.

It may be generous in recalling the past because the senior class is staying in a different class, but even taking that into account, it was a huge statement.

“Hey, so what? Our sirone.”

Seriel's face turned into a tear-stain.

* * *

The speed gun test came a day ago. 

Sirone sat on the floor of the inn and meditated. He is counting, but not numerically. If he had mastered the technique so far, he wanted to get an answer to the question of what a sequence formula is today.

A number of trips that have a starting point but no destination.

There was not even a slight movement for 10 hours. As time passed, Sirone realized the nature of the sequence formula in a realm that most humans had never reached before. It was as shocking as seeing thunder strike right in front of you.

When I opened my eyes, it was already dawn outside the window. She hadn't eaten or slept for 24 hours, but she wasn't tired. A light too reverent to be called emotion formed in her eyes.

Sirone looked up at the ceiling in sorrow. 

What he felt was a great realization, but it was also a harsh reality that shuddered.

'really… … Is this true?'

There was no one to answer. However, Sirone felt as if he had heard an answer.

* * *

There were about 30 minutes left until the test, but the training ground was already crowded with participants and spectators. The staff moved busily. Safety devices have been strengthened, and scoreboards are also installed on all sides of the image zone.

Not a single student from Class Seven and Six attended. It was a cross-section of a class society that tried to imprint on its seniors.

On the other hand, for the students of Class 4, only those who were interested in the match between Shirone and Iruki made time to come up. Among them, the person with the highest recognition was, of course, Seriel, who was at the top of Class Four.

“Oh! Seniors! hello!"

Mark ran up to me with eyes catching a big fish and greeted me. Seriel, who smiled at her and shook her hand, looked around her.

"okay. All the juniors watched. Well, I was like that too.”

“What kind of embarrassing words. I'm only here to congratulate Sirone-senpai on his victory!”

"oh! I'm strong too! good! Let’s properly ignite the passion for cheering.”

Seriel and Mark occupied the seats with the best view of the image zone. Everywhere she walked, roads formed on their own, so her first class seat was like a reserved seat.

Most of the buzz was about the battle between Shirone and Iruki. Sirone, who has a naturally strong spirit zone, and Iruki, who is good at strengthening the zone through a sequence ceremony. It was a match to determine who was the best talent of Class Five.

Two people take the test at the same time. The reason why the confrontation method was adopted was the school's intention to maximize the potential of students.

For the same reason, the high scorers were placed in the back based on their scores during practice. Naturally, Sirone and Iruki were assigned the last turn, group 20. 

When Etella activated the magic barrier, the light came on. After giving them 10 minutes to relax, the test was conducted in order, starting with group 1.

Individual scores are important because it is strictly a practice evaluation, but since the speed gun is held in a confrontational structure, it was a subject that students could enjoy watching. 

The participants had no choice but to be conscious of that part. Maybe that's why, even if he broke his personal record, if he lost to a student in the same group, he came down the image zone with an uneasy expression.

It took about an hour to take the test up to 10 trillion. The highest score so far was 533 points, and Nade finished the practical evaluation with 491 points, slightly above the half average.

As time passed, the eyes of the students became lively. It meant that they also knew what the main match of the day was.

Finally, after the 19th Trial, Etela called Sirone and Iruki by name. The roar of cheering became quiet for an instant.

Sirone and Iruki went up the stairs side by side without looking at each other. I could feel the fighting spirit in the back of the two people.

"and! Mr Sirone. Are you excited? When I heard the baby, I heard that I was totally behind Iruki-senpai.”

"joy. Sirone is strong in real life! It was the same during the teleportation test, maybe?”

As Seriel rolled her eyes, Mark let out an empty laugh and scratched his head. He was the one who was stabbed in the back of the head for looking down on Sirone.

Etella called Sirone and Iruki and explained the rules.

“Time is 1 minute, and it starts the moment the red light comes on on the display board. Thanks to the magic barrier, there is no need to invade each other's territory, so you can think of it as an individual event. In particular, the juniors are paying attention to you two, so don't do anything embarrassing.”

Shirone and Iruki only nodded as if they were trying to save even the mental strength needed to answer. When Ethella opened her arms, the two parted and went into their respective quarters.

The juniors focused their eyes on them as if they did not want to miss the decisive battle between the two even for a moment. The sound of swallowing was also heard. Since they are holders of at least 700 points, it was clear that high-speed targeting would unfold from the beginning.

Sirone calmly looked ahead. My heart beat fast, but there was no tension. It was a phenomenon that appeared when human concentration was at its highest. I counted in my mind as the preliminary lights on the display board came on.

'3, 2, 1.'

start!

As soon as the red light came on, Sirone cut off the start of the sequence ceremony, widening his eyes. She broke through zero hundred as soon as she started, and the number soared at a tremendous speed.

Puff puff puff puff!

10 photon output per second.

Flashes of light scratched in all directions 360 degrees. All the targets that came up in the first step exploded. Iruki's breakaway Spirit Zone also moved as if scraping through space, eliminating her target.

“Wow! Both are super fast! It exploded as soon as it started!”

Mark shouted, unable to contain his excitement. The second step and the third step were the same. As soon as the target came up, all of them were being eliminated. When they reached the same level by the sixth step, Seriel clenched her fists.

"good. If we keep going like this, we won’t know the outcome.”

Sirone and Iruki ran the same time until the 10th step. But in the next step, 20 targets come up at once. Since both of them were numbers that could not be processed in one breath, the match was just starting.

The score so far is 239 to 237, with Sirone narrowly ahead. At this level, the final score of 700 was an easy start.

'good! I'm not being pushed back against Iruki who did his best. Let's keep going like this.'

If you make a mistake in targeting, the difference in steps will widen, so the game will fall sharply. However, Shirone of the flash and Iruki of the breakaway type never missed the target.

377 points versus 377 points.

At the 30-second mark, Iruki tied the score. Sensing a sense of crisis, Sirone accelerated the sequence. As the spirit zone was strengthened, the link speed of the flash increased.

This time Iruki became nervous as Shirone took a 4-point lead. Contrary to how relaxed he was during practice, he was targeting with all his might.

'But you're still pushing? How fast is my calculation?'

Just three days ago, Iruki's victory was a foregone conclusion. It was impossible to raise the level of the sequence formula in such a short time.

'you can do it! My strategy is working!' 

Shirone caught up to Iruki's speed by releasing the limitations of modularization. Until now, if the numbers were grouped and processed in units of 100, now 232, 187, 99, 276, etc. were being processed at random. It's a strategy that lacks stability instead of increasing speed, but based on the mental durability of a defensive type, concentration has not been shaken yet.

469 points versus 432 points.

For the first time, the students went crazy when Shirone defeated Iruki by a large margin. Even Ethella couldn't take her eyes off the unpredictable tension.

Iruki finally understood Shirone's strategy.

'Have you loosened the limitations of modularization? I don't care about test scores. It means that he took an adventure with the intention of winning unconditionally.'

The corners of Iruki's mouth went up. How long has she been waiting for this moment. A being that can bring out all of itself. Having met the greatest rival of his life, he gladly accepted the match.

'Sirone, the gamble I'm betting on is different from yours.'

Iruki increased the difficulty of the sequence ceremony. The change happened right away, and the students opened their eyes as if wondering. Another rhythm was leaking out between the bursting rhythms in succession.

“Huh? What is that?"

542 points versus 558 points.

It was not enough to catch up with Sirone's score, and he overtook it altogether. It was impossible without more than doubling the speed in an instant.

“Siriel! What happened? Could it be that Sirone-senpai made a mistake... … ?”

"no. Sirone's score is also going up. Rather, Iruki’s targeting suddenly became faster.”

“Can you? 100 points went up in an instant.”

Seriel, who had been closely watching Iruki's demonstration, finally realized it and bit her lip.

“… … I made another Spirit Zone.”

Then the students turned to Iruki. Apparently, two afterimages were flying around, turning at different angles.

The Double Spirit Zone was a trait unique to Servant Syndrome, capable of mental splitting. It's a trait, not a skill, because it can never be learned.

But what really surprised Seriel was the fact that even though she had one more Spirit Zone, her speed was getting faster.

You have to perform different sequence expressions. But can the human brain do both calculations at the same time?

Iruki was proving that it was possible. Moreover, in the state that mental arithmetic is impossible logarithm.

'As Amy said, it's a great talent. No, it's not a level that can be explained by talent. A mutation outside the human category.'

How powerful the Servant Syndrome was was revealed through the score on the electronic board.

692 points versus 845 points.

There was a score difference of over 100 points, and the number of steps was several steps higher. Once it started happening in the steps, the gap only widened as time passed, let alone a reversal.

'more. faster.'

Sirone was desperate. The average number of modularizations was over 300. Because it was not an exact matrix, the calculations became more complex and irregular.

732 points versus 911 points.

Sirone broke a personal best record. However, Iruki surpassed his personal record and was at the level of breaking even Amy's record. If the test ended like this, it would have been possible enough.

There is only one way left for Sirone. 

There are certain areas that can only be reached by jumping over them, not by running fast.

But could it be? Is it really possible?

No one answered this time either. However, Sirone felt like he had already heard the answer.

'It transcends numbers!'

---------------------------------------