other space(1)

When dozens of people were killed by Chagall's attack, those who remained hurriedly stopped walking.

Behind them were demons, and in front of them were demons who stabbed them to death.

"Why why?"

As Chagall approached, those who had risked their lives to escape slowly retreated.

“Why are you killing us? You are human too... … !”

Before she could finish her words, the rapid-fire sword mercilessly stabbed the woman in the abdomen.

“Aaaaaaa!” At that moment, people clearly knew where to go.

“Run away!”

The fact that the man in front was far less human than the demons behind him.

“Big!”

Baring his teeth, Chagall swung his arms wide and threw the huge bundle into the sky.

His skin was torn, and hundreds of quick-firing swords spun and rained down like rain.

Kicking off the ground and charging, Chagall caught the falling dagger and began killing indiscriminately.

The port quickly turned into a sea of ​​blood with the blood spewed out by those stabbed by the dagger.

“Knock-knock! What a fun person you are!”

It was said that demons came from humans, but it was pure evil that even Della had never experienced.

Steel claws protruded from her fingers as she bent her lower body against the charging Chagall.

The corners of her mouth were grotesquely torn, and her beautiful face quickly turned into that of a vicious beast.

Amidst the frightened, motionless people, Ethella bit her lip.

'Not yet, not yet.'

Chagall had reached the pinnacle of slaughter, which cannot even be called a skill.

He didn't even know if it was a set procedure since Ra Enemie mocked his fate.

'It's not madness. obviously some ability. Now, there is no chance of winning in a head-to-head confrontation.'

He fought seven times while escaping, and each time Chagall's power grew stronger.

'One chance.'

Even if it meant sacrificing everyone here, he had to seize the opportunity.

“It’s quite good!”

Even while Della and Chagall were circling the same place, demons and people were dying.

“How about this?”

As Della accelerated, the body disappeared and a stormy wind rose.

Chagall couldn't even move at the speed at which the moment was lengthening like an eternity.

'Huh, human anyway... …

While orbiting around the target, she turned sharply and aimed at Chagall's side.

'I'll play with it to my heart's content.'

Pulling out her sharp claws to the limit, she aimed at Chagall's shoulder and swung it.

' uh?'

Chagall's pupils moved sideways.

'I saw me.'

When she stopped her attack in a hurry and tried to lean her upper body back, she heard a vibrating sound.

'Huh?'

When Chagall's arms moved, the seesaw of time reversed and Della's motion stopped.

Dozens of rapid-fire swords, still falling like rain, moved simultaneously and pierced Della.

hooked

Starting with the first blow on the collarbone, the blade of the rapid-fire sword dug in every centimeter.

Della's face had been stabbed more than seventy times by the time it turned into a perfect demonic form.

“Kyaaaaaa!”

Staggering back, her eyes opened wide, and blood gushed out from all over her body.

“Huh uh uh uh!”

Chagall charged again.

He knew from experience that powerful demons would not disappear to this extent.

"100 million! 100 million! 100 million! 100 million! 100 million!"

stabbed, stabbed, stabbed again.

Della, who was being attacked with half-open eyes, suddenly witnessed a strange sight.

'what?'

Around Chagall's body, things that were not real colors shimmered grotesquely.

And the next moment, he began to stab the rapid-fire sword at an unexpected place, not at Della.

'I don't have anything?'

But surprisingly, the blade of the rapid-fire sword was disappearing as if something had really been stabbed.

'The other world?'

It is killing the existence of another dimension.

“Knock-knock! Knock-knock!”

The reason why I feel good even in the midst of extinction is that Chagall's situation is not that different.

Della hugged Chagall.

“Poke it as much as you like. don't wait in hell At that time, I will repay you hundreds of millions of times what I am now.”

Chagall turned her away without even listening.

And he continued to stab her abdomen, where there was nowhere else to stab, and moved forward.

The feeling of a hand tearing through the flesh.

Like an obsessive-compulsive patient, the only thing that moved Chagall was the sense of impact in that brief moment.

Consciousness goes away.

'Tia.'

As his consciousness grew farther away, the numerous anguish that plagued him in reality dispersed like smoke.

“Tia!”

The last quick-fire sword I had been saving for one hit was thrust deep into Della's forehead.

An eyeball pops out of her eye socket with a crackling sound... … .

'Now!'

Etella's regime aimed at Chagall's side.

When Chagall turned his head, his pupils were so cloudy and dark that he could not be thought of as a human being.

'Master's enemy.'

And now he's after Ethella

He was also the enemy of the 6,000 people he killed on the way.

Chagall, who had used up all his rapid-fire swords, swung his fist, but Etella was prepared.

Taking the blow to her shoulder, she twisted and thrust her fist into her ribs.

“Big!”

Chagall's face contorted, and Etella quickly withdrew her fist and attacked again.

'one more time.'

If it could create an interfering wave of waves, even the masters of the schema would have their guts ripped out.

“Kuaaaaa!”

As Chagall screamed and straightened his upper body, a strange light appeared in Etella's eyes.

'How can this... …

Chagall was already holding the rapid-fire sword.

“Black!”

They avoided the attack with a narrow gap, but dozens of daggers began to appear in the air.

'Material Embodiment?'

It's not like that.

The anxious energy that I felt every time I collided with Chagall was finally materialized.

“Aaaaaaa!”

The sight of the blades rushing in so densely that there was no time to avoid them gave me goosebumps in itself.

He backed away with all his might, but in the end, Ethella was hit in the thigh.

“Huh!”

As soon as he looked down at the blade stamped into his thigh, red blood fountains gushed high.

Grabbing the skin of the rapid-fire sword with her hand and pulling it out, she tightened her muscles and stopped the bleeding.

“Tia.”

Whenever Chagall took a step, his teeth shuddered and countless rapid-fire swords fell.

Even Ethel did not know why.

Just guessing, Chagall seemed to perfectly believe that the rapid-fire sword actually existed.

'Can you do that? No matter how much you believe... …

Ethella realized.

"ah."

limits of awareness.

Chagall was a person who had already experienced the overlapping of virtuality and reality once through La Enemie.

Just as people believe that what they see with their eyes exists, the rapid-fire sword was the same for Chagall.

'It's a big deal. I can't stop it now.'

After seven battles, Etella's strategy was to wait for the rapid-fire sword to be consumed.

But now the number of weapons was infinite.

"why?"

Ethella shouted.

“What do you want? If you want to kill, you can kill. Why are you torturing me?”

Although he fought fiercely, he never saw that Chagall had no chance.

“Because I hate you.”

When he realizes that his life and everything that happened in it was just a dream.

“You are not Tia.”

What is left of man?

“I will torment you. Until you howl in despair, no, I'll haunt you though! continue! continue! forever!"

everything was a lie

When Chagall woke up, the only thing Chagall could be angry with was Ethella, who was Tia.

“I sympathize with your life. But it has already reached the point where it can't be forgiven. I killed too many people.”

"not there yet."

Chagall laughed bitterly.

“I will kill them all. When I kill, kill, and kill again, until I am the only one left in this world.”

when that time comes

“You can tell. what is real and what is false. what my life was like.”

The fact that it wasn't a lie made it even more frightening.

"go. go anywhere I will follow you. I will kill everything connected to you. You will experience the same pain as me.”

Ethella contemplated suicide.

If he took his own life here, would Chagall stop meaningless killing?

'it is not so.'

Ending Chagall's life with his own hands was the only way for Master, the victims, and mankind.

While the two glared at each other, the few people who couldn't escape managed to get up.

With just that brief slight movement, Chagall's hand moved, and the rapid-fire sword penetrated the back of everyone's head.

“Quack. Kkkkkkkkk.”

The scenery distorted again around Chagall, who was staggering and shaking his shoulders.

Landscapes and colors that are not of this world, and the feeble screams of the dead leaking out.

Ethella's eyes sparkled.

'I see.'

At the boundary between delusion and reality, Chagall was already neither dead nor alive.

Etella, who had been glaring at Chagall fiercely, turned around and quickly left the port.

'This is the last one.'

It was not about running away, but about risking everything to negotiate with Chagall.

'Don't worry, Master.'

Realizing her mission, Etela's eyes burned with strong will of goodness unlike before.

The chase, which lasted all night, ended in the morning.

At the top of the Ardos Mountains, Etella knelt down and meditated.

The refreshing song of the birds suddenly disappeared, and I felt a great evil energy.

When I slowly opened my eyes, Chagall was coming up with a haze that was bigger than the night.

“You are misunderstanding something.”

The translucent devil's face intermittently overlapped Chagall's face as he spoke.

“Isn’t that the way it was written before? If you hide where no one is, you will die.”

“I went to many places avoiding you.”

Things that had fallen endlessly to fight evil flashed like a kaleidoscope.

“Beast cages, brothels, sewers… … . The light of the soul has gone out, and the body has become dirty. The Ethella you were after at first is no longer there.”

Chagall's brow wrinkled.

"What are you talking about?"

“I hated myself for losing my will for good because I was mad for revenge, but now I realize it.”

Ethella smiled.

“The true meaning of Master's words. sacrifice. Courage to embrace evil.”

“Kill them.”

Ethella was no longer afraid.

“You don't have to follow me anymore. because… …

He smiled softly at Chagall, who was striding forward, and spread his arms.

“I will forgive you.”

“Aaaaaaa!”

Chagall defeated Etella.

"shut up! Stop talking nonsense! die!"

Despite the random fists, Etella did not even move.

'It's a sacrifice, Master.' As she waited for the end of her life, she saw Chagall, half turned into a demon, before her eyes.

"why! what are you What are you like!” Tia.

Half-conscious, he bit Etella by the scruff of the neck and made a beastly sound.

“Kreureung! Kreureung!”

Etella embraced Chagall's back, which moved with animalistic desire, with her arms.

'Don't miss it.'

By doing good, evil became the greatest.

Like that, good and evil amplify each other, creating extreme emotions that humans can't reach... … .

“Aaaaaaa!”

Eventually, the scenery changed terribly, and he began to fall into hell in a state of flesh and blood.

Last minute in reality.

Ethella looked up at the sky over Chagall's shoulder and parted her dry lips.

'iced coffee?… ”

I saw a sky full of clouds of fire.

'The world behind it.'

It was a soul purifying system in which emotions that could not be dealt with in real life were stored.