[227] 3. Where is Sirone? (2)

Cheers and applause erupted. The expectations of the students were higher than ever as a person who had served as a principal at one of the best educational institutions in the country came to visit.

“I have heard of the reputation of Alpheas Magic School, so I have no intention of getting too involved in the existing policy. However, the modern wizarding society is pursuing high efficiency and practicality. pragmatism. These are the seeds I want to plant during my tenure as principal.”

It was the nuance that up until now, Alpheas Magic School had been conducting classes that were far from actual combat. The students might be angry, but since the archmage said so, I had no choice but to do it.

“Serious. Because I knew it would be like this.”

Iruki, who had attended the Royal Magic School, had a hunch from the moment he saw Olivia.

Years passed and I heard that he retired as principal, but I don't know what caused him to come.

Similar comments were made among the students of Class Four.

“Just in case, it’s okay. <Spirit>'s prediction was correct. I will die tomorrow.”

“I heard that the disciples are also coming here.”

“I know, I read it too. Is one of them Dante?”

Sirone listened to their conversation. Many students seemed to already know that Olivia was taking over as principal during the vacation.

“Iruki, what is <Spirit>?”

“Academic journal published by the Teachers Association. If you are a magic school student, most of the <Spirit> You can call me a subscriber. Graduation exam trends and trendy magic. Because it deals with things like school issues.”

"I see. Iruki, do you read it too?”

"it's crazy? What do you know about what other schools do? I am my way.”

Sirone also asked Nade.

"how about you?"

“Once, I borrowed some from friends, but these days I don’t read them. I’m going to be an engineer anyway, so he wasn’t very interested.”

Iruki said.

“Still, if it was Dante, the school would be upset. It's safe to say that he's number 1 in the kingdom rankings at the student level.”

1st place in kingdom ranking. Sirone couldn't even fathom the weight of those words.

What kind of student are you? no, how do you feel?

To be number 1 in the country.

After the entrance ceremony, on the way back to the dorm, Iruki asked.

“Sirone, what are you going to do? Principal Alpheas seems to be hard to see today.”

“It’s the first day of school, so everyone will be busy. I just want to go to lunch after class tomorrow morning.”

There were a lot of things I wanted to ask Alpheas. How far is the existence of heaven known and what is the story behind the labyrinth's space-time? But today was not a good time. With that promise for tomorrow, Sirone returned to his lodgings.

@

After joining her friends early in the morning, Sirone entered the classroom for the first lesson of the historic Class Four.

It was about half full before I knew it. In Class 5, I always went to school in first place, so it was a different feeling.

As much as Sirone was nervous, the students of Class 4 were also watching the movements of Sirone and the others without realizing it.

In particular, Sirone always took first place in the interest of students as it was an unprecedented case of going from class 7 to class 4 in half a year.

It is not that in the 50-year history of the school, there were no students as outstanding as Sirone. However, Sirone's case was unique because such an outstanding student was assigned to a high class from the beginning.

Shirone felt strange when people who were her seniors until yesterday became her classmates. On the other hand, Nade and Iruki shook his hand as if it were natural and found an empty seat and sat down.

“You are finally here. nice to meet."

A hand came in front of Sirone's eyes. When he looked up, a boy with a round chin and a good personality was smiling.

Chris Boyle, number one in Class Four. He was a student specializing in summoning magic.

As a boy with the modifier “model student,” he couldn’t find any gaps in his clothes. The collar was buttoned tight around his neck and his hair was neatly parted in a two-to-eight.

Sirone held Boyle's hand and said.

“I’m glad too. Not at last, but barely.”

"haha! You don't have to be so humble. Because this is the final gateway to the advanced class. Now is the time to appeal to yourself rather than humility.”

It was advice given with good intentions, but the feeling of looking down on Sirone was quite strong. But, as Boyle said, this would also be one of the ways to appeal to oneself.

"thank you. Let's get along well in the future.”

"okay. I don't know how long it will last.”

"huh? What are you talking about?"

“What do you mean? Of course, it means that you are applying for the senior class.”

Class Four may apply for senior classes at any time. This year, Amy was the first to start, followed shortly after by Seriel. With a total of eight students entering the senior class so far, there are now only two vacancies left.

“Usually, registrations come in around the second half, but unusually, senior Amy took on the challenge too quickly, so there aren’t many seats left. Whoever gets it first is the owner.”

At Boyle's words, the students perked up their ears. Starting with Class 4, performance doesn't really matter. It was a battle of notice whether to go up to the senior class or lay down a little more foundation.

Of course, no one wrote the senior class application in a hurry.

Once I moved on to the senior year, I had to assume that there would be no time to refine the basic skills. In addition, it is known that the impact of failing even in the graduation exam that is challenged every year is greater than expected.

In fact, 60% of those who passed the graduation exam passed the first exam, while only 20% of the entire magic school passed the second exam.

Based on that data, students were carefully considering going up to their senior year.

Boyle asked.

"how about you? Of course you intend to prove your worth in Class Four and take one of the two remaining spots, right?”

Last night Sirone discussed the matter with his friends. And I came to the conclusion that it was premature.

He scored over 80 points in all subjects in Class Five, but it was just an improvisation to pass the exam.

There is also a way to pass the graduation exam directly as soon as you enter the senior year, so it was calculated that it would not be a loss even if you lay down the basics for about half a semester.

"no. I will be in Class Four by this semester.”

It was a surprise to Boyle. He knew that if he was a sirone who had risen to class four in the shortest time, he would naturally challenge himself to break the record.

Is it a deception tactic? It wasn't like that. Anyway, it wasn't a bad thing if one strong competitor gave up.

“Then I can’t. Anyway, let's work hard. Iruki and Nade. Good luck to you too.”

“Yeah, what… … I don’t know how hard we will work.”

Iruki said in a tone that was annoying. The students had a hunch that all three would not be promoted to their senior year.

It was an opportunity for them to reconsider their thoughts as they would not have made such a decision without any reason.

It was no coincidence that the first person to greet Sirone and the others was Boyle, the number one member of Class Four. 

This was also a power game for Class Four.

As such, Azelio Pandora, who was second in the rankings, was in a bad mood.

When there was a number one named Amy, there was no need to worry because all the students were only number two. However, the difference between Boyle and Pandora, who are currently ranked first and second, was only one point.

When Boyle's conversation was almost over, Pandora sneaked up to Sirone and raised her hand.

"hi?"

Nade groaned. Her universal friend, he could tell her character just by looking at her.

In the advanced class, he was a famous geek. He was the girl who thought he was the greatest in the world.

Sirone knew that too. However, living a self-centered life without a single friend seemed lonely.

“Hi, Pandora. Now we are in the same class. It's kind of weird.”

“Huh, how does it feel to take classes with a beautiful woman like me?”

Pandora leaned over and sent a flirtation. In this case, even Syrone had no choice but to confiscate her face.

It's not that I didn't particularly hate my appearance, but the makeup was too revealing, so it was burdensome. Her heart felt strange even when she smelled the minute. It must have had something to do with Pandora's specialty being scent magic.

“Oh, look at how red your face is. You have nothing to be ashamed of. Let's be friends from now on.”

As if approaching with determination, Pandora's blouse had two buttons less than usual. As she leaned over in that state, she couldn't decide whether to close her eyes or just watch. It seemed that either of them would be disrespectful.

“Oh, why are you doing this? Sirone already has an owner.”

Nade covered Sirone's eyes. She then peeked inside Pandora's blouse for her blind friend instead.

Pandora was so annoyed that she couldn't even pay attention to the male students' gaze.

Sirone's owner was none other than Karmis Amy.

When she was in the advanced class, none of the students even raised a voice saying she was good.

In terms of grades, grades, and appearance, she was superior in everything. Her reason for flirting with Sirone was to prove that she could make her own man if given the chance.

“Huh, I know you’re dating Amy sunbaenim. But I can't even meet you anyway. Besides, I will pass this graduation exam and leave school. Sirone needs a new woman. She's a refined, intelligent woman like me.”

Pandora secretly collected her heart like a treasure.

“Anyway, you better ride the line well. Sooner or later I'll catch up with Boyle. If you stand in my line, I’ll take good care of you.”

Iruki, who pulled Shirone in, waved his finger.

“Aren’t you ignoring me too much? We are the Sirone Line.”

“Ho-ho-ho! It's your first time, so enjoy it. You'll find out that the Class Four isn't easy. So, Sirone. See you later."

Pandora returned to her seat, sending her a kiss with her hand. Sirone had lost his mind even before his first class started. But thanks to him, he was able to guess how the Class Four worked.

It was a situation where Boyle, Pandora, and the 1st and 2nd rankers were aiming for the graduating class, and other students below them were paying attention.

Sirone felt that it was a good thing for her to give up her senior year this time. He had no intention of avoiding competition, but he did not want to have an emotional battle with his friends over a narrow gap that was decided on a first-come, first-served basis.

I made up my mind that if I could achieve remarkable growth this year, I would be the first to apply next year like Amy.

I went through the 3rd period without incident, and while I was waiting for the 4th period, the spiritual theory class, the teacher brought in 3 transfer students.

<Spirit> Students who subscribed to the magazine recognized them and hummed.

Victor Savina.

Bonifar Closer.

Air servant Dante.

A graduate of the Royal Magic School in Baska, the capital, they were the most controversial students in the kingdom.

Airhein Dante, in particular, was a genius among geniuses with outstanding talents enough to be called the next-generation great wizard even among current wizards.

"now! quiet all. These are the transfer students who will be taking classes at Class 4 from today. I will introduce myself, so please welcome me.”

Dante, who went up to the podium, looked back at the students. His first impression was 'Gurida'. In the eyes of him, who was enjoying the cutting edge fashion in the capital, everything looked old-fashioned.

Dante fixed his gaze on Boyle. At first glance, it was clearly Mama Boy's outfit, but she was looking at us with confident eyes that gave me goosebumps.

'Is that kid Sirone? Hopefully not.'

It was different from Sirone's feeling from Olivia. I don't know her appearance, but at least it wasn't like that.

On the other hand, a girl with a lot of makeup was flirting with her, and although her face was pretty, she couldn't bear to open her eyes and look at the absurdly heavy makeup. It was just right for her to be stigmatized as a bar girl after going around like that in the capital.

“Dante, what are you doing? You should introduce yourself.”

Dante closed his thoughts and opened his mouth.

"nice to meet. It is called Airhain Dante. Let's get along well in the future.”

The self-introduction ended with that. 

---------------------------------------