[120] Unexpected Guest (5)

“By the way, Sirone… … If you really want to do something on the island, there's one problem.”

"huh? What's the problem?”

“Actually, I prepared for this vacation as a couple trip.”

“A trip in pairs? So you mean male and female, male and female?”

"huh. My partner is supposed to come this way. I should have said it first. I didn't know you would say you would investigate the ruins."

Sirone looked up at the dark ceiling. It's a pair trip. If so, he was sounding that he should bring a partner too.

"okay. I'll bring one too.”

Rian looked back at Sirone in surprise. The Sirone he knew was a sukmaek that made her face blush just by looking at her underwear. He thought that finding a partner would be the biggest obstacle and kept quiet, but he broke expectations and easily agreed.

"you… … Are you popular with women?”

"huh? Not like that. But I have someone to go with. Actually, I was thinking about it. If you hadn't made an offer, I would have asked first.”

Ryan's eyes lit up. I don't know what she meant, but didn't she mean that she had a girl on her mind anyway?

"haha! Wouldn’t the witch in my house be sad if she heard it?”

“Sister Raina? Why is my sister?”

“Cheuk, no. Anyway, I'm dying of curiosity what kind of girl are you Pretty?"

"huh. It's pretty, it's pretty... … I don't know if you'll come with me. Maybe you will be rejected all at once.”

“No, you have to bring it unconditionally. Go tomorrow and ask for permission. In the meantime, I'll go home and get ready.”

Sirone delayed answering. If Rihanna brings a partner, he has to bring himself as well.

But I wasn't sure. If you can infer it according to your usual personality, there was a high probability of being kicked out with a very high probability.

These and other worries squeezed Sirone's heart. But on the other hand, I was also excited. 

It was my first trip and I was with friends. In addition, I heard that Galliante Island is a famous tourist destination with the charm of a southern country.

Sirone couldn't sleep until late at night.

new encounter (1)

Sirone broke up with Lian in the noble residence. Since the departure was tomorrow, he had to find a partner today.

I went to her house to ask because it was dark in the geography of this area. The place she finally arrived at was a mansion too beautiful to be said to have been built solely for residential convenience.

'This is Karmis' home.'

At school, we talked without being shy, but when I thought I was going home, I was scared. Even the guards at the front gate were looking suspiciously, which made me even more nervous.

"uh… … hello?"

“What are you here for?”

As Sirone approached, the guard's grip on the sword tightened. It was because he reacted unknowingly. After going through countless difficulties, Sirone's prayers had grown enough to overwhelm the criminal.

“Do you have Amy?”

The impression of the guard hardened. He had heard rumors that Amy was an object of envy among men her age. However, few people came to her hometown to visit her.

“Excuse me, but who are you?”

“Oh, my name is Sirone. He's a friend from magic school."

The guard looked back at his superior as if he couldn't judge. Then the boss's face became dull. 

Although it is certainly a rare case, it was not particularly unfamiliar to him, who has lived in Karmis's home for 20 years.

'Ha, annoying. It's starting again right after vacation.'

In any case, I had no choice but to report unless the head family gave an order to prohibit outsiders.

When the superior communicated the meaning with a chin, the guard personally drove the horse and headed for the mansion.

Sirone waited at the front door anxiously. In the meantime, the superior glanced sideways at Sirone.

He looks decent and seems to have a good personality, but he wouldn't be able to enter the mansion anyway.

So far, many men have been rejected. There was even a time when a person who was a distant relative of the royal family went back without seeing Amy's face.

It was unimaginable if it were not for the Karmis family, whose name was known throughout the continent.

After waiting for about 10 minutes, the guard hurriedly returned on horseback. The superior could predict the outcome just by looking at the concerned subordinate's face.

It is always the gatekeepers who are in trouble at times like this. It was because if a nobleman who couldn't win was kicked even on the cheek, he had no choice but to be beaten. 

The superior made up words he had no intention of relieving the burden of his subordinates.

“How is it? From what I hear, it sounds like you have urgent business to take care of today.”

“Here, come in.”

“Um, that’s right. You guys are so busy... … huh? what?"

The superior questioned, doubting his ears. The guard making the report was clearly perplexed as this was the first time such a case had occurred.

"that is… … Lady Amy told me to bring her.”

“Oh, I guess you were at home. thank god."

Sirone let out a sigh of relief. It was because he saw that there was no way for him, a commoner, to enter the mansion if Amy was away.

After a while, a pink carriage arrived at the front door. As the benevolent old man stepped out of the carriage with a cane, the guards' faces turned pale.

It was Adele, the butler of the Karmis family.

Sirone noticed the person who came to meet him and asked the guard.

“Can I go in now?”

"Ah yes! Welcome to the Karmis family!”

The superior hastily raised the example of a soldier. Still, he couldn't understand the current situation.

Adele, though, allowed entry? No matter what kind of person Sirone was, even if she was a son of a great family, there was no reason for the head of the Karmis family to meet her.

The only time Adele moves is when there is a big event in the family or when guests from the head of the family visit.

'Who are you? He said he was the lady's friend, so he must not be the guest of the household. Is there any event today? No, I've never heard of such a thing.'

Adele walked towards Sirone with a cane. He had a mild impression for a house owner in charge of a large mansion.

“Welcome to Karmis Mansion. My name is Adele, the butler.”

"hello. My name is Sirone.”

"okay. It's a presumptuous statement, but there's something I need to check before taking you to the mansion.”

“Oh, what is it?”

“Please verify your identity. Are you really Sirone-sama?"

Sirone looked at Adele as if she couldn't understand.

“My lady said: If it's sirone, bring it. I am interpreting this word as follows. Only Sirone must be allowed to enter. Therefore, you will have to show me proof that you are Sirone-sama.”

Sirone's anger was intense. If it's Sirone, the words to bring it were nothing more than Amy's grumbling tone, and to add to that, it could be an impersonation, so it was enough to ask her to find out.

How much should I expand on it to even say that I want to prove my identity?

“How do I prove that I am myself? I am Sirone.”

“I can't be sure of that. I am the butler of the Karmis family. We have the responsibility and authority to clarify the identity of the person entering and exiting the country.”

“If you just take her to Amy… … !”

Sirone stopped talking. Adele's benevolent face suddenly felt scary, and an unknown energy pressed his chest and back. It felt like my organs were about to burst.

“The Karmis family are the best nobles who refuse to compare themselves with other families. Also, I, Adele, as the butler, only follows the head of the household. Now that I am personally serving the lady's guests, I will have to show sincerity equal to that.”

Sirone realized why Adele was acting crookedly. After all, he meant that he was offended that he had to do what a mediocre butler could do. Even so, the reason why he couldn't show off his bad mood was because the energy that weighed down his lungs was getting stronger.

'eww… … It's finally starting. Pressing.'

The guards felt sympathy for Sirone. Adele, who was known for being picky, often called and pressed her men over even the slightest mistake.

Pressing that disrupts the nervous system by conveying abnormally amplified emotions to the other person.

It did not cause physical pain, but the gradually amplifying stress affected the body, and it was a dangerous technique that could destroy major organs if done properly.

'Oh, does this mean that it can withstand this too?'

Sirone was nervous, but did not show any significant change. Adele, who was relieved to see her calmly taking out the stress, gradually increased the intensity of the pressing.

Originally, I didn't want to do it this far, but I thought that it would be a good lesson to surprise the youngster who only trusts his family.

Sirone realized that his heart was beating faster. The main cause was anger. Adele's hostility was raising Sirone's anger.

'Let's stay calm. If so, it's just a feeling. As long as you control it, nothing will happen.'

Like a person hanging a rock and sinking into the sea, as time passed, the pressure increased and breathing became difficult.

However, Sirone did not struggle and calmly contemplated her feelings.

When the holding time of pressing passed the critical point of death, Adele trembled her lips in disbelief.

Cold sweat was running down his forehead.

'What is this child?'

To get out of pressing, you need to amplify your emotions with the same intensity. 

Karmis's red eyes could reset the emotion itself, but it was definitely strange that Sirone, who had no memory of herself, remained intact until this time.

'Patience alone is impossible to explain. Then all that remains is to have complete control over your emotions.'

It was another way to destroy the pressing. But it was easier said than done.

Just as there is a saying that even a flower sings three or three times, any adult will lose his composure and become disorganized if exposed to stress for a long time. But Sirone didn't see anything like that.

Adele has made some assumptions based on her experience. Either stupid, crazy, or a monk. 

No, even among the monks, they had to reach at least the level of Vajrapani.

'Geumgangseung? does that make sense? Aren't you a child not yet twenty?'

Adele didn't admit it, but Adele got the answer right.

In the realm of infinity, Sirone has been insane as many times as humans can never handle.

The absolute center enlightened in the process. 

As long as I held on to that, I could have ignored the technically generated emotions.

Adele released the pressing. I don't know how I survived until now, but from now on, I don't dare to know.

The boy standing in front of him was clearly the girl's friend.

When Adele's face returned to a benevolent impression, Sirone was finally able to exhale.

It is a truly terrifying technique. If I hadn't entered the state of indestructible diamond, my heart might have exploded.

Adele put her hand on her chest and bowed down.

“Forgive the foolish old man for his rudeness.”

The guards were bewildered. I thought it was strange because there was no change in Sirone's expression, but the butler suddenly apologized with a humble attitude.

“When you return to the mansion, rebuke my behavior. Any punishment will be sweet. So please, please dispel your anger.”

“Aren’t the people in my family suspicious of me?”

"yes. Extensive interpretation of the instructions and putting Sirone-sama in danger were all my own actions. The head of the household did not place any conditions on bringing Sirone-nim back.”

“Why? Did I do something you didn't like?”

Adele smiled and shook her head.

“It is rather the opposite. I've taken care of Miss Amy since she was born, but this is the first time I've ever brought a man into the house. I was curious about what kind of person he really was, so I committed rudeness without even knowing the subject.”

Sirone has lost steam. Doesn't that mean that everything you've done so far has been an act to test yourself?

But it was nothing to be scolded for. You must make an appointment in advance to visit the aristocratic mansion, or even the head family. 

Having worked for the Ogent family, Sirone knew how heavy Adele's responsibility was.

---------------------------------------