[699] Where Ra is (1)

Sirone and Uorin did not move until Rian and Kido passed through the metagate.

We didn't really miss each other, but the reason time passed slowly was because we had a hunch that now we would never be able to exclude each other from our lives.

'You've matured.'

Living as the emperor of Kashan meant that.

I met her when she was 14, and she's still a fresh 16-year-old, but she's grown into a beautiful woman with a lot of childishness.

Thanks to Sirone's gaze, Rian and Kido were able to observe Uorin freely.

'Is that woman Theraje?'

Considering that she was the most powerful person in the world, even the space that formed her seemed to shudder.

'It's definitely not comparable to Orkamp.'

I was told it was a daughter, but I could say with certainty that I hadn't inherited any genes.

“Uh, so… … .”

Before she could utter a word, Uorin quickly ran to Shirone's arms.

“Brother Sirone!”

It was an unexpected situation, and Gando, who entered the room late, also blinked in disbelief.

“You know how worried I was, afraid that something might go wrong with you?”

Sirone, who was looking down at Uorin's earnest eyes, said while hugging her back tightly.

“Thank you, Uorin.”

It was hidden in her chest and invisible, but Uorin's eyes contained a hint of shock.

“I heard that you saved my life. I don’t know how to repay this favor.”

Kido turned his head as if he was okay with this, but Lian just carefully watched the situation.

Gando spoke cautiously.

“The Empress.”

The imperial castle, Aganos, was a perfect fortress equipped with all defense facilities against magic, law, and physics.

In addition, Uo-Lin is the best factor in mankind, protected by the Royal Guard and the Fungjang, which are divided into Near, Middle, and Won.

But now, he was in someone's arms, ignoring all those barriers.

'This is why I was trying to stop it.'

For Uorin to leave the Metagate in Kazura, it was tantamount to giving the world's most expensive life to someone else's hands.

'To call Sirone here.'

jealousy.

A word came to mind for a moment, but he shook his head.

'I have to protect the queen.'

Having made up his mind, he tried to approach him, but Woorin first crouched his shoulders and pulled himself away slowly.

She gently pushed Sirone's chest with her slender fingers and smiled with a different face from before.

"You've gotten stronger, Sirone."

No calculation means no fear.

Gando's steps stopped, and Sirone looked at Uorin's unmasked face.

'Was it a lie after all?'

Why?

Even though I had already expected it, I felt sad.

“Thanks to your help. Same with Armand, and the one who saved me from the moratorium.”

Sirone belatedly asked.

"however… … Even if it's easy to say... … ?”

When the playing house was over, what was in front of her was not a 16-year-old girl, but a Theraze with thousands of years of history.

"of course. It's easy to be awkward with players. sit over here Gando, serve the tea.”

Since he was born for Theraze's purpose from the beginning, he didn't feel betrayed even when he looked at Gando heading to the tea room.

“Where, the blue hair must be Lian… … .”

Uorin, sitting in a chair with her legs crossed, looked at Kido and raised one eyebrow as if seeking an explanation.

Kido pointed at himself, baring his teeth.

“The height of eating. He is the king of goblins.”

It was Kido who thought that such a title was natural for the ruler of Kashan.

“Hmm, the king of goblins.”

Uorin, who was looking up and down at Kido's appearance, pouted her lower lip and said,

“It looks very funny.”

“… … .”

Seeing Kido's expression, she burst into laughter and turned to Sirone and asked.

“I thought I would stop by Kazura someday. How is it, have you shook off your guilt now?”

“I was just telling the truth. So there was an uproar.”

While talking about what happened at Kazura, Gando served tea.

“I know you were cruel to them. But I didn't want to leave any room. I wouldn't be able to live my life without it.”

Uorin looked into the teacup and said.

“You are foolish. You didn't kill the prince.”

“But he was killed because of me.”

"That's why I'm last among the ivory tower candidates."

When Sirone opened her eyes, Uorin raised her head to the ceiling and said.

“If you don’t care, don’t you feel guilty? No matter what reason you were born, you are you.”

"but… … .”

“Yes, it is not easy. That's what emotions are. It makes everything complicated. Good and evil are just a matter of emotion. That is why those who control emotions control humans.”

Uorin lowered her head again.

“There are plenty of psychopaths without emotions. But very few people can make cold decisions while embracing their emotions. Human first or truth first? You and I will part ways from there.”

Theraze seemed to know everything mankind knew.

“What kind of person am I?”

“First of all, it is strong. Even if we fight against you, we won’t be able to guarantee the outcome.”

It was a more generous evaluation than Tsuoi.

“But Nane's real talent lies elsewhere. Like you, I look at everything and move on, but I don't judge right from wrong. so it's very fast As for how fast... … .”

Wu Lin smiled.

“Now I beat you.”

It was only 5 seconds after the first evaluation.

“… … I see."

I felt like I knew who you were.

“The hearts of Orkamp and Eliza, your hearts, and countless emotions. You always ponder in your head and follow the optimal conclusion. But Nane acts first. Whatever humans can do or can't do, whatever the bizarre thing, first try it and draw a conclusion. Therefore, enlightenment is accurate and amazingly fast. He is just a machine sucking up the truth.”

It was a terrifyingly intense expression.

“For example, something like this. You erased the random numbers of La Enemie with the bubble of events, but if it were me, I would have received La Enemies with the same random numbers.”

Kido pointed at Urin in the midst of silence at the strength of the competitor, which surpassed his expectations.

“What if you? Of the three Ivory Tower candidates, which one are you going to vote for?”

Uorin closed her eyes like a seagull.

“Ahaha, that is a difficult question. in front of the parties.”

“You don’t even care about that anyway, do you?”

With just a brief conversation, Kido understood that Uorin was different from normal humans.

“You mean the stars’ vote? Seventeen votes for me, nine votes for true voice. And Sirone only got one vote. If it's me... … .”

As Uorin put her finger to her lips and thought about it, a look of nervousness appeared in everyone's eyes.

“Maybe I didn’t vote for Nane or Jin Seong-eum?”

A shadow fell over Ryan's face.

'Is it still not enough?'

It was Mitochondrial Eve's evaluation, not anyone else's, so I couldn't just ignore it.

“But if I had to risk all my fortune… … .”

Anticipation rose again in Kido's eyes.

“Of course it is me. how much is my wealth Isn’t it natural to bet on the one with the highest probability?”

'This woman is also a pervert.'

Uorin scratching her head and sticking out her tongue couldn't be more hateful.

Although she didn't show it, Sirone had no choice but to bow her head with a gloomy expression.

'That's how strong it is.'

Uorin, who looked at him affectionately, said.

"but… … What if I had to risk my life?”

She pointed at Sirone.

“At that time, I will vote for you unconditionally, Sirone.”

Realizing something, Sirone suddenly raised her head.

“It is like that. I don't care at all about the opinions of others who don't stake anything. Depending on reputation, money, and life, thoughts change countless times. Your life can only be evaluated by you.”

Something hot surged up in Sirone's chest.

“Nane has had a devastating experience. Jin Seong-eum has an undoubted uprightness. Of course both are fast. But you have the prudence of not judging right and wrong. So it's okay if it's a little slow. It will lead you to the 100 percent, not the 99 percent.”

Sirone clenched her fists.

'For perfection.'

“I just took a little bit of a difficult path. I don't know who voted for you, but he must have thought the same as I did. If I had to risk my life... … . only that is real You deserve to be a star.”

Rian looked at Sirone, who had tears in her eyes.

'The Empress of Kashan is huge.'

There are only a handful of people in the world who can comfort Sirone with their hearts.

Sirone took a deep breath and calmed down.

“Thank you, Woorin. I feel really confident. I will definitely pass the Ivory Tower Test.”

“Huh, of course it should. Who took the picture?”

"huh?"

It was Uorin's confidence to say it openly and shake her head dubiously.

"no. So, getting to the point now, you probably want to know where La Enemy is, right?”

"Oh right."

It was such a business.

“Gando, bring paper and pen.”

Sirone asked while Gando was running errands.

“Do you know where La Enemy is?”

“No, unfortunately, I don’t know the exact location. Although it is possible to roughly guess.”

"guess?"

Putting down the paper and pen Gando had brought on the table, Uorin began to explain.

“Even in Kashan, La Enemy's location is important. So, at the same time as the 3rd reset began, we traced the history. But I ate right. After all, what I figured out was nothing more than the case of La Enemy, which was not real.”

Even Uorin in the world was fooled, so it could be said that Sirone's capture of Ra Enemy was a miracle.

“So I used a different method.”

“How about another way?”

Uorin whirled the pen around and said.

“I have researched all human history except for La Enemy.”

Sirone's mouth gaped blankly.

"entire… … Did you investigate?”

A fist-sized circle was drawn on a piece of white paper.

“It is not as difficult as I imagined. Humans have free will, but there are biological patterns. I call this probabilities.”

She drew dozens of dots in a circle and connected them by drawing lines with a pen.

“Some people spend their entire lives in their hometowns, while others wander the world. He gets married and starts a family, or his house goes bankrupt and he moves.”

Sirone watched the line being drawn at an incredible speed.

It was as if he was simply waving the pen on the paper as if scribbling, and countless lines were filled in the circle.

“Assuming that this circle is the world we live in, human movement according to probability is so complicated. but… … .”

As the line continued to fill the circle, it highlighted the white, empty part.

“If you analyze hundreds of billions of traffic lines, you will eventually find areas where this probability is cut off.”

Uorin put down her pen and crossed her arms.

“Simply put, an area where you have been in but never left again. I call this the causal hole.”

A place where you can never get out once you enter.

“Where is it?”

Uorin spread three fingers and said.

"Jessica. Andre. Pytharos.”

At the name that everyone has heard at least once in their lives, Sirone, who was looking at the paper, raised her head.

"no way?"

"okay. The world's third largest labyrinth. Here is the real la energy.”

---------------------------------------