[136] Ancient Ruins (2)

"huh. You look really strong.”

"I know."

Sirone and Amy agreed. It wasn't just because he had a tattoo. Their keen senses sensed the powerlessness that was actually latent in the man's figure.

But Ryan thought differently.

“Huh, just because you give your eyes strength doesn’t give you strength that you didn’t have before. There is no need to be afraid.”

Lian's senses were lower than others. That's why he couldn't open the schema, but Sirone rather felt reassured by that appearance. In any fearful situation, Rian will honestly be a shield for his friends.

"good! The ruins exploration begins!”

After passing the toll booth, the full-scale investigation began.

The Kergo site was a temple dedicated to a god and had a square structure measuring 2 km from east to west and 2 km from north to south.

After crossing the 200-meter-long moat via the viaduct, a long transept spread out, and it was only after passing another 500 meters along the worship road that we reached the central temple.

“Wow, that is really big. Is this really a building that was built thousands of years ago?”

"I heard from people earlier that it was buried in volcanic ash, so it's about this size, but it's actually several times bigger."

Sirone looked down at her feet. Since the volcanic eruption occurred 500 years ago, the volcanic ash must have formed below the surface.

Amy, who was leading the way, turned to Sirone and shouted.

“Sirone, what are you doing? I should also look around the central temple.”

Sirone didn't answer. He was just engrossed in something with a faint smile.

Amy, puzzled, approached Sirone.

"what's the matter? what's the matter?"

“Amy, go into the Spirit Zone.”

“Spirit Zone? Why suddenly John?”

Realizing that moment, Amy slapped her palm.

“Ah, that’s right!”

Wizards can expand their senses with the Spirit Zone. If something was hidden under the ruins, there was no way it wouldn't be synesthesia.

"okay. I'll try.”

Amy entered the Spirit Zone. While exploring the underground with synesthesia, her eyebrows gradually began to narrow. After about 5 seconds, she finally released her zone as if she realized something.

“Sirone, this… … .”

"huh. nothing caught At least there will be bedrock, but nothing gets caught.”

“Isn’t it because the layer of volcanic ash is thick? How about going very deep?”

It was hard because I couldn't do it. But she thought for a moment, and Shirone noticed her and shouted.

“Aha, there was a way.”

Amy could do it. It was because her long-distance is the target type with a long range among her four types.

The target type is also called the cross zone, and the wizard is located at the intersection of the two lines and quickly rotates it to hit a specific target quickly.

But it didn't end there. 

Amy, who entered her senior year, developed her target type into sniper mode while choosing her major.

The sniper mode, in which the shape of the spirit zone was perfectly straight, was characterized by the wizard being located at the end of the zone to enhance the flight distance.

This form is called a directional zone, and although the rotation of the zone is slow, it was able to produce a range at least four times longer than the target type.

Even if you expand the radius of the zone to only 500 meters in diameter, it is over 1 kilometer in the target type. If you enter sniper mode again from there, you will be able to hit a target as far as 4 kilometers away.

Currently, Amy's default radius is 68 meters in diameter. When switched to target type, it was 143 meters, and when it entered sniper mode, it exceeded 500 meters.

“Okay, I’ll try.”

Amy entered the zone at the same time as the sequence ceremony. The four-way transformation took place at high speed and stood tall as a cross with its axis inclined at 90 degrees.

'Sniper Mode!'

Amy's john started digging down like it was pouring down. A moan leaked through her clenched teeth.

As the zone lengthens, durability inevitably weakens. It wouldn't be a problem if there were no obstacles in the way, but John was bent back and forth, confused about how the ground had formed and eaten.

Amy penetrated even more desperately. 

And the moment I thought I had touched something for the first time, John was shattered and my consciousness was shaken.

"omg! omg!"

“Amy! are you okay?"

Sirone hurriedly helped Amy. Cold sweat broke out on her forehead.

"are you okay. this must be hard I've penetrated up to 300 meters, but it's impossible below that. From there, just float like throwing a thread into some kind of sea.”

Sirone could guess how powerful the force was at work. Amy's John is by no means weak in durability. She was comparing her own zone to her frail thread.

“But you figured out that something was there. That alone is great.”

“If it is a success, it will be a success. But that's not enough. A person who can expand the zone while maintaining durability. Unless you are at least a high-level zoner, it will be impossible to navigate to the Spirit Zone.”

Sirone felt that if it was not at that level, he would not have dared to explore the underground of the ruins.

“If I knew it would be like this, I would tell Ares. If it's the extent of the expedition that my brother belongs to, there will be a Joner who can explore this place.”

“Or ask Teacher Etella.”

Like a monk, Ethella was a Joner who specialized in durability. He was the perfect person to explore this terrain.

“If it's Etella-sensei, it might be possible. I don't know how deep it is, but I'll easily pierce the place I've reached.”

Lian interrupted.

“But if that’s the case, then we don’t have to investigate, right? I heard that the principal gave a hint. Wouldn’t his words also imply that you should find out for yourself?”

Sirone and Amy looked back at each other and kept their mouths shut. There were times when I forgot the meaning like this if I only looked at efficiency.

Amy admitted frankly.

“Lian is right. But it's too precious. There is no need to investigate the ruins as long as you drill here. Why don't you just keep thinking this way?”

Sirone understood Amy's feelings. She went on a journey to find her hints about the labyrinth, not to explore her ruins.

“First, let’s try several things. It's not something you can do right now. This makes me more curious. Now I think I will be satisfied to see it with my own eyes.”

Leaving only a vague imagination of the underground, Sirone and the others continued their exploration.

However, Kergo ruins were really just a common tourist destination. 

As if mocking those who were seriously investigating, the men were chatting and the children were running around turning pinwheels.

“Amy, are we working hard?”

“Don’t ask. Because I’m feeling self-defeating right now.”

After touring the last route, the central temple, the group eventually stopped investigating. Nothing unusual could be found in the ruins on the ground.

"I don't get it. The headmaster said he would find out when he got here. But what does a ruin from thousands of years ago have to do with a maze?”

“Anyway, there must be something underground. After all, shouldn’t we have no choice but to search through the Spirit Zone?”

Ryan's eyes lit up as if he had remembered something.

“I have a good idea. If you can't penetrate the spirit zone, how about digging into the ground yourself? Will something come out eventually?”

Sirone and Amy looked at Lian as if they were bewildered, then resumed their conversation.

“How about getting in touch with the natives? I live with the locals, so there will be people who can speak the common language.”

“Hmm, that’s right. But I don't think such people know anything important. I'd rather have an interpreter... … .”

Lian screamed in agony.

"hey! Why don't you answer me? Let's dig!”

Tess intervened.

“You idiot, how do you put a shovel in a ruin that even the self-governing government can’t touch? If you do that, you will receive a heavy punishment for damaging cultural heritage.”

After scolding Lian, she turned to Sirone.

“What are you going to do now?”

"I don't know. Investigation is the best, but I think it will be difficult right now. I need to find an interpreter and I need a tribunal pass.”

"okay? Then, I have a method I can try right away, but would you like to hear it?”

“Oh, really? tell me! What is it?”

Lian said with a hateful expression, as if he couldn't be embarrassed alone.

"You're not talking about secretly digging, are you?"

Tess desperately suppressed her anger and continued.

“… … anyway. Here's how I thought. While you paid attention to the ruins, I took a look around the other side. But there is one peculiar thing.”

“What is unusual? what is that?"

Tess scanned the surroundings with her gaze.

“Look closely at the people. Most are tourists, but there are a few that are not. The ones who walk in groups, are armed, and don't care much about ruins.”

The three of them looked around. Certainly it was. There were obviously not many, but armed men were walking around.

"aha! I see!"

“Yes, they are mercenaries. Why are mercenaries roaming around tourist attractions? Some of them look quite strong. After all, there is something in these ruins.”

“And the mercenaries know that?”

"That's right. After all, contacting the natives takes time, and they might not talk to you, right? But mercenaries are different. Because the fact that you are here means you know something.”

Sirone admired Tess' keen eye. While others were concentrating on the ruins, she was alone observing her external circumstances.

If you knew Tess's origins, it was natural. The Elzain family has historically produced numerous commanders and diplomats. But their true strength lies elsewhere.

It was Ganja.

Of course, from the point of view of the enemy country, it was a spy, but the information that infiltrated and sent to countries around the world was making a huge contribution to the diplomatic strategy of the kingdom of Tormia.

'Definitely a good idea. No, that's the only thought right now.'

Sirone decided to adopt Tess' strategy.

"good. Then, can I follow the mercenary from now on?”

"tailing? Hmmm, to be honest, I'm not sure. Getting caught by a high-level mercenary is a headache. In particular, if it is a sensory system schema, it should be seen that it is unconditionally caught. If I follow myself, I can do anything.”

“There is such a problem. I don't even know how to hide my presence. What then?”

“Whoa, do I really need to go looking for it? If it's a mercenary, there's a place where it's spread out, right?"

"huh? is there such a place? Where are you?”

Tess winked and pointed somewhere.

“Do you want to have a drink or something?”

* * *

There were several shops made of shacks on the inner wall of the southwest side of the ruins.

It was in order of restaurants, bars, and side dishes. Compared to general stores, the scale was shabby, but the earnings were much better.

It is located inside the historic site, and even the price was expensive, but people still found this place as one of the advantages of being comfortable.

Sirone and the others entered the bar. I wonder how many people would have a drink in broad daylight, but all but two tables were occupied.

Sirone and the others chose a corner. Amy sat next to Sirone, and Lian and Tess sat across from him.

“Are you going to drink?”

“Should I do it? Because it's a place that sells alcohol. But let's eat mostly snacks. We'd better settle for lunch here.”

Tess ordered. Hot noodles and minced meat came out along with Galliante Island's traditional liquor.

The four people who had a poor breakfast stopped talking for a while and focused on eating.

At that moment, a giggling sound was heard from the side. At first, I tried not to care, but I couldn't help but cry as the annoying ridicule continued.

---------------------------------------