New People (4)

"I'm home."

Badvalve carefully put down the fainted Bor Levor in front of Piri.

“Hey, it’s meat.”

The girl's eyes, looking at Borvor, turned black like obsidian, and a small light appeared.

'Eye of flute.'

Bardvalve shuddered.

'Her gaze is not subject to an act of observation. Therefore, they are perfectly free from the law.'

It is possible to control quantum signals.

“Then where shall we eat?”

Just as Piri was about to rip off Borbor's arm, the door to the boudoir slammed open.

“Piri.”

The locust people were crying.

“I’m sorry. Her co-workers were brutally beaten by that woman. I'm sorry. Please give me a chance to get revenge.”

Piri, who alternately watched the locust man and Borbor, readily agreed.

“Okay, take me.” No matter how good a person is, food is anyway.

“We are new people. It's different from humans who commit fratricide to each other in order to eat more.”

"thank you! thank you!"

As the locust humans dragged Borbor along, Badvalve shrugged.

“I thought you would like it.”

“You have to be able to share. Until now, humans have dominated and ate everything on the planet. Now we just keep humans as livestock.”

To the new race, humans were just that.

“Kuaaa!”

At that time, at the sound of screaming outside, Badvalve approached the window and inspected the castle wall.

“I will bring you a better one.”

When the wind swept through the inner room, not even a trace of the grasshopper's body could be found.

“Krr. Krrr.”

Tanjura shuddered as she saw Sirone, whose light smoke rose like a haze.

'Is this Yahweh's power?'

It was the Hand of God's blow that destroyed over 300 locust people.

'The realm of seeing the principles of all things as a single form. It can be said to be the end of enlightenment, but... …

White Dragon Assryker said.

“No surprise there. The Messiah is the one who will save mankind. It is natural that the class is different.”

Tanjoura flapped her fan.

“Hmmmm, what a surprise. I just confirmed Oh Dae-seong’s skills through the eyes of a large crowd.”

He couldn't bear to look at her.

“A locust… …

When Sirone muttered with a serious expression, Gaitan, the Earth Dragon, moved.

“Do you have any problems?”

“The swarm of locusts in the East is a symbol of disaster. destroy the rice Therefore, this type of mutation is not accidental. It is a message to humans.”

“I guess you could interpret it that way. But it doesn't look very threatening.”

“The problem is that we controlled the mutation.”

That was the point.

“Hexa can change the law, but she can't control mutations. Because humans are beings with a mind. There will be an intermediate value where the quantum signals of each other collide.”

According to each person's personality, it would mutate into numerous forms.

As-Skiker came out.

“You mean the enemy we're dealing with has complete control over the human mind? That's impossible. Because there is no way to simultaneously observe the electron's position and velocity.”

Gaitan added.

“The mind is a quantum signal. The trajectory of a stone's throw is already determined by the law, but what kind of mind a human will have one second later exists only as a probability. Even if you offer bread to a hungry person, you cannot guarantee that they will eat it 100 percent.”

Sirone was still lost in thought.

“It is the quantum signal that embodies the uncertainty of the mind, and that is why humans define the world. If there is an existence that can deny this fact... …

Gaitan fell silent at the terrifying conclusion.

'The outside world.'

The only phase in which the position and speed of an electron can be observed simultaneously is outside the universe.

'And that means... …

Even the human mind is not something that can be accurately measured there.

“Messiah.”

"know."

Sirone finished her thoughts.

“Are we the mind or the program? Nothing will change. There are mistakes in the mind, and errors in the program.”

The Miracle Stream swayed and transformed into a giant Hand of God.

“How are you, Mr. Tanjura?”

Tanjura stopped fanning and asked again.

"yes? What do you mean?”

“A mutant who felt out of place. Do you think you can subdue that mutant with the Hand of God?”

After a while, the answer came.

“… … It will probably be difficult.”

The two apostles showed displeasure, but Sirone nodded obediently.

“I think I know roughly. From now on, I will give you the instructions. Mr. Tanjura, report to Sang A Tower. And Earth Dragon and White Dragon rescue Borbor.”

“How can you leave the Messiah behind…”

“It is you who are difficult. Borbor's mental mobility is an essential weapon for humanity. I can't sacrifice it now. Bring me alive by any means necessary.”

Just as the two apostles were making faces that didn't look right, a large body fell from the sky with a thump.

Tanjura's body froze in the familiar shape of a locust.

“I am Bad Valve.”

“… … I will go first.”

As Riker and Gaitan kicked off the ground and rose up, farther into the sky.

Badbelb, who had been following the scene with his eyes, turned his attention to Tanjura again.

“You are that guy. Did you bring a stronger human? You did a good job releasing it, too.”

His pride was hurt as much as he could, but he had no time to consider his feelings.

“Keugh!”

As Tanjura spurred away from the ground, Bar Devalve's vocal organs trembled.

“Quack! I knew it. But I don't like releasing it twice.”

The bard valve that disappeared without even feeling appeared behind Tanjura like an afterimage.

'I can kill this and take it.' As she tried to rip Jura's claws from the claws of the locusts, she felt a great force at her side.

"huh?"

When I came to my senses, I was surrounded by light, and my consciousness vibrated in that state.

Qurrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrring!

The bad valve that flew through all the buildings in the northern part of the city rolled roughly on the ground.

After sinking his head into the cold soil for a long time, he turned his head and asked.

“What are you?”

Sirone was walking.

“That is what I want to ask. Where do you come from? Why are you in this world?”

I didn't want to talk about Piri.

“Are you the king of men?”

Bardvalve, with its limbs attached to the ground and its back erect, was in the shape of a grasshopper.

“Cheuk, then that’s fine. We can give our king the ultimate taste.”

Before he could finish his words, Badbelb leaped and swung his claws at Sirone.

Quantum movement is triggered.

“Keugh!”

All of Sirone's chances were caught in the grasshopper's claws, sending out hundreds of shockwaves per second.

'As expected, this guy... …

In front of the power that penetrates the Miracle Stream's defense wall, Sirone realized.

' different.'

A sense of incongruity, as if a certain part of a picture was cut out and attached to a completely different picture.

'I'm not a being created from the cosmic constant of this world. It's an absolutely different sign.'

In the beginning, when the universe was born, the total amount of energy was fixed.

In other words, it means that the mathematical limits of the universe, the limits of physical quantities, are set.

'If there is an outside world, our world would be blocked by a barrier of rational numbers.'

For example, if the limit for the most powerful explosion and fastest speed in the universe is set at 99.

'No phenomenon can exceed 99. The moment you cross it, it will be an error and the system will correct the world.'

However, it seems that Bard Valve, which I am dealing with now, is crossing the limit.

The total amount of figures may be similar, but there was something that overwhelmed Sirone in certain areas.

'Especially the ability to detect time.'

A sense of time-lapse that pierces through even the quantum signal of indignation.

'It's dangerous.'

Sensing a crisis even more in terms of the form in the early stages of its occurrence, Sirone increased its power.

“Kiii!”

As the Hand of God thumped and slammed the ground, Bad Valve's body, which blocked his face, tightened tightly.

' It's awesome.'

Even if it is a livestock, if it is in this state, it has no choice but to clap.

'no. We are the rulers.'

Bard Valve, recalling the philosophy of the new race, moved faster and attacked.

Lights flashed all over the city, and the tiled houses evaporated with the heat alone.

'It's here.'

Bad Valve pierced the barrier and threw his fist at Sirone.

A mushroom cloud rose.

Sirone exhaled heavily in the clear, clean field of a radius of several hundred meters.

“Whoa!”

Bardvalve's shoulders trembled.

'Did you stop it?'

A physically impossible phenomenon.

'Could it be like Piri? no, that can't be Cattle and such have such an ability... …

Hand of God - the skill of the hand.

If Bad Valve is certain of something, Sirone can fool his heart.

“Where are the childish pranks!”

The moment Bard Valve guessed the trick and raised his other hand, he heard the sound of a gong cutting through the air from across the sky.

A sword emitting white light dug straight into the locust's side.

“Kuaaa!”

Sirone's eyes widened.

'This???????'

Sermon-Moon.

Bard Valve, who had been pushed away dozens of meters while screaming, trembled and wriggled.

"it hurts! what's this!"

Moments later, a man who fell from a place higher than the sky landed next to Sirone.

"me : yes."

“You’re running hard today too, Shiro-ye.”

Since they weren't shaking hands and smiling, Sirone asked with caution.

“Why are you here all of a sudden?”

"that."

Nane pointed to the locust man.

“I was watching from the lunar surface, but it didn’t feel right. I have something to discuss with you.”

"top?"

“The outside world. Things are a lot more complicated with you messing around.”

Sirone frowned.

“That would be your position. If you had changed your mind from the start, none of this would have happened.”

“These insignificant livestock!”

Badvalve shuddered and shouted.

“How dare you harm me, who will lead the future of the new race! I'll give you a piece! I'm going to chew and eat it!"

The conversation between the two was cut off.

“I will withdraw my words that I will offer it to Piri-nim alive! Don't inflict pain instead! great pain! The worst you can feel as a living being... … !”

"shut up."

When the two of them turned their heads at the same time, the bard valve's shouts suddenly stopped.

“First, let’s deal with this and talk.”

“I will.”

Sirone turned around first, and Nane followed him slowly.

'What, what?'

Bardvalve backed away without even realizing it.

'I'm afraid of cattle or something? No, that's impossible.'

Still, the legs did not move.

'What the hell are those things?' Yahweh's Hand of God covered the sky and Buddha's sermons poured down like showers.

“Kiaaaaa!”

born and became king

And at this moment, Bad Valve regretted choosing life for the first time.

'No no!'

A flash of light exploded, and what should not exist in this world returned to nothing.

continues in the next volume