[288] 5. All kinds of variables (2)

'Yeah, it was like that then. Because I met Marsha noona and came late... … .'

Then, he suddenly thought that it might be because Amy felt sorry for him. Did her dancing with her sister Rayna hurt her?

Even though he knew it was a trap, he went to Falcoa, thinking about it now, it didn't seem like there wasn't such a part at all.

'no. You're zooming in too much. Dancing with Reina was already in the plan. Amy can't do that.'

Though I thought so, I wasn't really sure.

The reason was simple. Because when he saw Amy dancing with Zion, some unpleasant ripples arose in his mind as well.

Wouldn't there be something different about Amy?

If you felt the same emotions, you could have followed Ji-on with even the slightest motive.

Because Amy is such a tender child.

Sirone's steps became faster. Even though she rolled her head to control her emotions, instead her heart beat faster than before.

"huh?"

Sirone hurriedly stopped walking and looked back.

After coming down to the basement, the back of my back was strangely creepy. However, there was not a single mouse to be seen on the path he had walked, let alone a sign of anyone.

“Is it because of my mood?”

Sirone stroked his neck and moved slowly.

'Gheuk, no, no, no.'

The man hanging upside down from the ceiling where Sirone had left opened his mouth. It was Spartur Xenoger who was given the special mission to assassinate Sirone.

He was clinging to the ceiling with only ten fingers.

The spider mimicry ability gave the clan the power to overcome gravity. 

The villi growing on the fingertips and the sticky oil leaking from the skin were supporting the body weight while causing a chemical reaction.

Of course, it was supported by the taijutsu honed through assassination training, so the lower body was supported only by the strength of the upper body.

Also, the oil leaking from the finger skin will volatilize within 20 seconds of stopping the leak, leaving no trace of his presence.

A near-perfect assassin.

Xenoger lowered his long tongue to the bottom of his chin and swallowed it back.

'It's a pretty good prey. for example… … Like a mosquito.'

But that's because Xenoger continues to shoot very fine living things at Sirone.

It is the basis of an assassin to observe the reaction of the prey and consider countermeasures. You can kill at any time if you put your mind to it. I'm just looking at the liver for a 100% success rate.

'Well, that's right.'

Assassins are those who use circumstances rather than force. That's why it's also a job group that spends an extremely large amount of time alone throughout its life. It was customary to talk to myself because I had to make my own judgment and evaluation on everything.

Xenoger liked his job as an assassin. It's because it's much higher-level than the Hitman who hits and misses on the fly.

Although her body has become so bizarre that it cannot blend into the human world, that is the height of functional beauty pursued by the assassin clan Spathur.

'A little more… … Shall we drive him away?'

Xenoger caught up with his prey by moving along the wall with his ten fingers. Then I pulled a cobweb from his ass and it came down my sirone's back.

A thin thread clung to the ceiling, propelling Xenogger's body forward. Even a slight breeze would actually shake it, but perfect control was not difficult for the spider clan.

The back of Sirone's head was in front of him. It was at such a distance that his hair would shake when he exhaled. The white nape of her neck, like fish flesh, made me want to bite it.

Xenoger pursed his lips and slowly placed his fingers on Sirone's neck.

'Where should I feel some sensitivity?'

Xenoger's fingers came close to touching the fluff. It was a safe distance to say that it was almost reached.

Sirone turned her head away with a surprised expression.

But all I could see was the scenery of the underground passage. Even the flickering pattern of the torch seemed to be the same. 

“What the hell is it?”

It was strange. It might be that I'm sensitive today, but I kept feeling like something was hitting my nerves.

'There's nothing wrong with making it clear.'

Sirone pretended to move slowly, then suddenly expanded her spirit zone.

“… … .”

All kinds of information came through synesthesia.

There were a lot of little things going around everywhere. Probably rats or cockroaches as there is a food storage nearby.

“Ugh… … .”

Sirone wiped away the goosebumps on his arm.

In any case, the only things I felt through synesthesia were small objects. After suffering from the threat of assassination for several days, I wondered if there was something wrong with my nervous system.

“Whoa, let’s go quickly.”

As Sirone moved away, a hearty smile appeared on Xenoger's lips, which clung to the ceiling.

'I got caught. Celebrate death.'

The Wizard's Spirit Zone is one of the trickiest abilities for melee assassins. This is because it is not easy to approach those who perceive things through synesthesia by expanding their minds.

But Assassin says.

There is no sense without a blind spot.

The Spirit Zone integrates all information within its area. It was a quality close to a kind of sixth sense, not a precise feeling like sight, hearing, or touch.

Then, what if we become assimilated to a specific object or creature? As a sixth sense that accepts information integrally, you cannot distinguish the difference between the two objects.

The blind spot of that sixth sense.

Just as creatures of the natural world have mastered concealment techniques through evolution, assassins have also developed unique techniques while fighting the Spirit Zone over the ages.

That was the equalization of object assimilation ability.

'Well, that's right.'

Sirone felt the presence of Xenoger through the Spirit Zone, but could not tell the difference between the stone wall and Xenoger with only his sixth sense.

Also, this was exactly what Xenoger was aiming for.

The magician's dependence on the Spirit Zone is as great as that of an ordinary person on their eyesight. I even thought that if I couldn't feel it as a spirit zone, it didn't exist.

It was that reason that stimulated Sirone so far. 

As she checked her surroundings with the Spirit Zone, Sirone's alertness was much lower than before.

that's why it dies

Xenoger doesn't kill. Circumstances are killing.

Hitman, who specializes in hit and run, risks his life with a 50% chance, but Assassin doesn't move easily even with a 99% chance. The only time they move is when the target takes the first step into the swamp of death itself.

This was the reason why high-ranking people in power feared one Assassin more than many armies. Once they appeared, it means that their current situation is in the middle of death.

However, the best Assassin is not the best swordsman. This is because equalizing is a really difficult skill, and you have to devote your whole life to it to become a master. 

but they are strong

If the swordsman fought with equal ability from 1 to 100, the Assassin was invincible on 1 out of 100 and was the one who subdued the opponent.

So there is nothing wrong with Sirone. He just believed what he believed. And Xenoger used that blind spot to make the target completely defenseless.

The current Xenoger was invincible.

'Well then, shall we go soon?'

Xenoger climbed the ceiling and landed on the floor without making a sound. Then he pursed his lips and put his fingers in to pretend to pull something out of him.

A thread as hard as wire was pulled out.

That's enough.

'It is true.'

Xenoger's chosen method was the death noose.

Tie the steel wire in the form of a noose, throw it at Sirone, and then pull it out.

'Next 7 seconds.'

Xenoger stirred the fluttering thread in the air and tied a noose in an instant.

Then, as it flew along the air current, it moved forward and floated like a kite over the top of Sirone's head.

A perfect murder with no sound, no sign, no smell.

'Four seconds ahead. 3 seconds. 2 seconds.'

The noose passed through Sirone's face and came down to her neck.

'Now!'

Xenoger grotesquely tore the corners of his mouth and pulled the thread.

The sharp noose of spider web narrowed the border in an instant and gathered into a size smaller than millet.

“… … .”

Sirone looked back at Xenoger with her butt on the floor.

“What, what? who are you?"

“… … .”

Xenoger was just watching, like someone who had lost the ability to think. No matter how much he thought about it, he couldn't understand the current situation.

As soon as the noose was tightened, Sirone suddenly lowered herself and rolled on the floor. Then he looked back and met her eyes.

'what? Where did my calculations go wrong?'

Sirone must die. Because that is the situation. 

So there is nothing wrong with yourself. It was clear that there was an unexpected variable.

Sirone gulped and glared at Xenoger.

After checking the surroundings with the spirit zone, I was walking safely, but suddenly, a loud voice, 'It's dangerous!', popped up in my head.

Without even thinking, I rolled across the floor. And when she turned around, a man with a hideous appearance was staring at her.

Xenoger asked in a grim voice.

"how… … Did you avoid it?”

Sirone wrinkled her brow at the incomprehensible words.

'How did you avoid it? yea of ​​course... … .'

Because I heard someone's voice. However, looking at the reaction, it seemed that the other person did not hear it.

Then there was a crack and the sound of breaking glass.

Sirone rummaged through his pockets without taking his eyes off Xenoger. When I took it out, the jewel that Wu Lin said was worth well over 100 million was separated into two pieces.

Xenogur's shoulders trembled. The jewel of Sirone, which he saw with the eyes of an insect, was definitely what he knew.

“<The Last Scream of the Jaeger Family>?”

There is no possibility that Sirone has that. However, the <last cry of the Jaeger family> was clear. Otherwise, there is no reason to save his life from his perfect design.

'shit… … Of course.'

According to records, there was a Jaeger family in the western continent 480 years ago.

Then one day, an incident occurred in which people from the main family were assassinated one person a day. No matter how much the security was strengthened, there was no doubt that one body would be found in the morning.

The head of state made every effort to find the culprit, but there was no way to stop the increasing number of victims day by day.

When the number of members of the family fell to less than half, he made an extreme choice.

The mansion was closed.

But that night, another attendant died.

The householder intuited that there was an assassin inside and interrogated the family. However, he was unable to find any suspects in anyone, and as time passed, the number of family members in the original family, which had been 287, decreased to 63.

The family was already ruined. 

Everyone's spirits were devastated and they didn't even talk to each other out of distrust.

The patriarch didn't try anymore.

Whoever dies will just wait. As long as the identity of the culprit could be confirmed, it didn't matter even if the family died.

It was the 286th day since the assassination took place.

There were only two people left in the mansion.

It was the family head and the youngest daughter he loved the most.

“Uh, how could you… … ?”

He couldn't believe the reality in front of him.

he is not an assassin So it was clear that the culprit was the 14-year-old youngest daughter.

"no! I'm not guilty, Dad! I really am not!”

The family head pulled out the sword from his waist.

have to kill No matter how much she loved her daughter, everyone died because of her.

However, the family chief could not kill his daughter.

because he's already dead

The family head, who had been looking down at her youngest daughter, who had turned into a corpse, finally realized and shook her chin.

Finally all the secrets have been unlocked. 

The sword fell and both knees hit the floor.

“Oh no! It can't be like this! no!"

The head of the household shook his head and screamed.

no one will die anymore except for yourself.

He took a strong drink and headed for the study. Then he sat down at his desk and wrote down the events of 286 days in one letter.

It is said that the life and death of the family has not been confirmed until the end.

Opinions are divided as to whether he left the mansion or whether he was the last one to be assassinated, but in any case, the Jaeger family disappeared from the world.

Two years later, a merchant took over the Jaeger family's mansion at a bargain price.

Because it was the private property of the head of household, he could not touch it, but after the legal period of two years had passed, the kingdom sold it.

When the door to the mansion, which had been sealed for two years, opened wide, the first thing that caught the merchant's eyes were 287 red marbles spread on the floor.

This is the secret story of <The Last Scream of the Jaeger Family>. It was also an example given by the Curia auction company as a reason why objects are not 100% safe.

---------------------------------------