[246] 6. Magic Clash (6)

Dante was bewildered. He didn't really want a favorable attitude, but at least he expected a special reaction, whether he liked it or not. But Amy, like her other juniors, gave only ordinary thanks.

“Is that all? To be honest, I would like to hear a compliment. The result is that I will win anyway.”

Seriel, enraged by those words, grabbed Amy and Sirone's wrists and forced them to hold hands.

“You sound funny! I wish I had done that to the person I was fighting with my boyfriend, what more do you want? Amy is always on Shirone’s side, so wake up!”

It was the first time Dante had heard of it. Come to think of it, I never asked who Sirone's girlfriend was. Clearly, she wasn't the type to hang out with a girl.

“Really, Amy-senpai?”

"huh. Really.”

Amy's confirmed kill made Dante a poop-chewed face.

“Sirone students! Dante student! Come this way! I have to get an interview, so come quickly!”

A teacher association official called the two. It was scheduled for an interview before the showdown.

Sirone said while following the person in charge.

“Then I will come. see you when it's over Don't go first, wait.”

Dante quietly walked behind Sirone. He honestly didn't feel like provoking him because he felt like he had a shot. How can Amy date her country boy like Sirone?

'Hmm, no matter what, you'll eventually become my woman. I'll give you a muk bowl in this confrontation.'

He's not the kind of person who lights up a woman like Closer, but having a beautiful and intelligent woman around makes a man stand out.

In that sense, Amy was a woman who would fit right next to her. She's not in the class to hang out with a country boy.

Dante could not hide his curiosity and looked at Sirone.

In the meantime, I went around collecting various information, but everyone I asked said that Sirone was the best.

Most of all, what left an impression on me was that he did not hurt his pride or get offended when he said such things.

'Why is this kind of meek guy the best? Are you still hiding something?'

Canis said that there was nothing good about touching Sirone. Iruki said that only Sirone could control him.

Amy, the best student in school, was Sirone's girlfriend.

Mark and Maria did not withdraw their eyes of respect for Sirone even in front of the name Dante.

That moment… … My heart started beating. It was the kind of tension I had never experienced before.

I don't know anything. The more information he got, the more the person named Sirone became blurry.

Who the hell is Sirone?

Dante arrived at the back of the practice field with a distraught heart. As if the teachers' interview hadn't ended, Killline was beside Saad asking questions and the video recorder was recording it.

Whenever a question came in, Sade's face became more like a blank sheet of paper. Then it dawned on me that his skin might have become transparent so that he might be able to see his bones.

“I think the odds between Dante and Sirone are 5-5. However, if there is a variable, I think it is about 6 to 4.”

"okay. thank you."

Killline turned away as if there was nothing more to see. Not only did she lose the nutritional value of the contents, but she was useless even if she tried to capture the face of a nervous person.

Besides, it's 5-5. In her opinion, Dante was 10 and Sirone was 0. Of course, as an article, it would be about 9 to 1.

Killline approached Ethella, who was waiting for her next turn. She also showed her clumsiness, perhaps for the first time in a situation like this.

“Ahaha! Yes. Sirone is such a good kid. Oh, and Dante is a great student too. I hope everyone gets along well as one, ahahaha!”

“… … yes. All right. I heard good things.”

When Killline ended the interview with a single stroke, Ethella let out a sigh of relief. Realizing that she was ruined, Sade came to Ethella and pretended to cry.

Their articles will never be published.

Killline was getting annoyed. He was said to be one of the top 5 prestigious, so he prepared everything, but every teacher he met had no sense.

I hoped for Shiina, who was the last one, and thought that if that didn't work, I'd have to go through the teacher interview.

“Hello, Shiina-sensei. It is the kill line of the Teachers Association.”

“Yes, this is Olifer Shiina.”

Shiina nodded toward the video recorder with a cold expression on her face.

Killline's eyes shone as if he finally got it right.

'Oh, nice character, nice expression. I can get this.'

Shiina answered incoming questions without hesitation. She conveyed her thoughts as they were, so she had no reason to be nervous.

"okay. Thank you for those kind words. So let me ask you one last question. You are the referee today. Dante and Sirone, who do you think will win?”

It's cruel to ask a teacher how his student won or lost, but it was Killline's job to think about these questions.

The crueler it is, the funnier it is for the viewer. To read articles like this, students across the country buy academic journals.

Shiina thought for a moment before answering leisurely.

“Personally, I think Dante has an advantage. About 7 to 3? But no matter who wins, it doesn't determine the wizard's level. It would be anachronistic and barbaric to limit magic to combat.”

"ah… … okay. Thank you for the interview today.”

Shiina bowed lightly and disappeared from the focus of the video recorder. Sade wanted to cry all the more when he saw that even the departure was sophisticated. On the other hand, Ethella burst out with exclamations.

“Wow, that's great. I was so nervous I couldn't say anything.”

“Sheesh, you’re from the Oliper School. How could you know the earnestness of a nameless teacher like me?”

“Whoops, no. Sade teacher did a good job too.”

Ethella patted him on the back. However, Saad, who watched her interview, was not comforted in the slightest.

The kill line has finally walked to the stars of the day.

Priority was given to Dante first and Sirone second. 

Considering the time left until the confrontation, the person who finished the interview first can buy some time to recover.

“Dante, can you do well today? I’ll write a cool article, so please be fancy.”

"haha! Do not worry. When was it not flashy?”

“How can you speak so beautifully? Then the interview begins.”

Killline's laughter faded, followed by serious questions. Dante also skillfully answered with his unique wit. He seemed to know even the angle from which her face came out cool.

“Yes, according to Master Olivia's will. I think spreading the advanced magic of the capital to the community is a good way to narrow the skill gap between magic schools.”

“Oh, but isn’t that a loss to Dante-kun?”

"haha! Not so. The higher the overall level, the more I boil. And at the end of this semester, I will be entering my graduating class. I have to become a pro now.”

“As expected, this is a bold statement befitting the kingdom’s best prospect. So, lastly, you've defeated countless opponents with an overwhelming gap, how about today's confrontation? Can I look forward to it?”

“First of all, Sirone is an unlocker. And he's also very talented. Maybe it will be a good fight. But as always, the winner is me. Today I will show you the essence of information magic.”

“Thank you for the interview. I look forward to good results. Alright then, let's interview Sirone-kun next. Sirone-kun, could you come this way?”

"Ah yes!"

Sirone, who thought there would be time to prepare when Dante was over, was caught off guard and suddenly came to his senses. Standing in front of the video recorder, I could feel the feelings of the teachers.

In particular, Dante's interview was pretentious enough to praise the opponent. She couldn't decide whether to tell Killine what she wanted to hear or to tell her how she felt.

"uh… … therefore. yes. I entered magic school this year.”

“The rumors are true! There was a reason why Dante-kun acknowledged it as a confrontational opponent. Then, from Sirone's point of view, how is Dante-kun? Do you feel lucky to have a chance to play against the best student in the kingdom?”

Most of the words that came out of Killline's mouth were questions related to Dante. However, Sirone had no time to feel dissatisfied. He was overwhelmed just by thinking of the words as his eyes urged him to answer.

“Ah, yes. I don't like fighting, but it's nice to have this opportunity.”

Killline sighed inwardly.

'What if I use the expression 'good' twice? You look clumsy It's too late for this child to become a star.'

No one beat Dante, but there were quite a few students who made their names known by sticking to their star surname.

However, Sirone was a country boy without fail. He's good-looking, and he'd be eaten if he dressed up, but with this clumsy attitude, he couldn't appeal to the girls in Vaska.

Dante, who had been listening to Sirone's interview, turned away as if he had nothing more to look at.

In the meantime, Killline asked one last question.

“I can’t help but ask Sirone-kun’s thoughts. Many experts are predicting Sirone-kun's defeat, what do you think about that?"

"uh… … I cannot approve of Dante.”

Killine's smiling face was devoid of emotion, leaving only form. Dante also stopped and looked back at her.

“Dante doesn’t seem to know what is really important. It doesn't matter how famous he is in the capital city or who he beats to get to this point. A sorcerer is not simply a magician who can light fire and freeze water. The spirit that pursues intellect, that is magic. I don't think I can get tired of a wizard who is out of his mind no matter how great he casts magic. No, I will never lose to a wizard like that.”

Even Killline, who had gone through all the pre-natal battles, missed the timing by about 0.5 seconds at Sirone's bombshell declaration.

After a while, her words continued.

“Wow, wow! The challenger's spirit is amazing! I wish good results to Sirone-kun. It was the kill line for the Correspondent of the Teachers’ Association.”

Dante fixed his gaze on Sirone, who was moving away. A steely spirit hidden behind the clumsiness. Flexibility that seems to sway here and there, but does not change as much as its shape.

'Right. Was it you?'

Dante's eyes began to see Sirone for the first time.

The audience seats were full. 

The front row was occupied by teachers, only the two middle seats were empty. You could tell who was going to sit without looking.

“Heh heh, as expected, Principal Olivia is very resourceful.”

The teachers stood up when Alpheas and Olivia appeared.

The students behind them also stood up without knowing why, and the skyline of the crowd rolled over like a wave.

Alpheas, sitting in the reserved seat, looked left and right, then as if he had a good idea, he grabbed the handle of the chair and pulled it forward.

“This is blinding. I'd like to see it up close."

Olivia approached with a reddened face at the absurd act of turning all the people in the first row into the second row.

“What is this? Embarrass yourself in front of everyone.”

“Cheuk, don’t do that, come forward. You look good.”

"I'm crazy? To act the same as a person like you?”

"Then don't mind me and go away."

As Alpheas acted like a savage, Olivia snorted. Then she turned coldly and she herself pulled up her chair and sat down next to Alpheas.

If left alone, there might be an article saying that Mirhi Alfeas has gone senile.

Alpheas lifted his leg and placed it on the opposite knee, waiting for the confrontation with a crooked posture. Olivia made her impression on every aspect she didn't like.

“Sit up straight. Become the principal. Do you know what kind of underground fighting arena this is?”

“It’s because the blood boils after a long time.”

“What if I get old and my blood boils? So, what are men? Our photos will be published in academic journals. wake up soon Have a nice seat.”

Then, Alpheas laid his upper body down, put his arms on the handle and rested his chin on it. Anyway, since her apprentice days, Olivia glared at her coldly, thinking that she wouldn't listen even if she died. On the other hand, Alpheas' eyes seemed to be burning. She pursed her lips, lost for a moment in her old thoughts at the sight of her.

"You're not expecting that, are you? It’s a battle that Dante has no choice but to win.”

“Don’t you know that? And I'm not sitting here to cheer for anyone. If Sirone loses, I think it will be a good result.”

“What kind of senile noise is that again?”

---------------------------------------