Unique Chance (1)

The silence that seemed to last forever turned into a loud murmur at some point.

“What, what? Why Aegis?”

It was very rare for a user to actually take that posture in high gear.

Even if he was threatened by a ranker, he would wash his code name and not sell his pride.

“Who is Yahweh 2? have you heard?”

“No, this is the first time. The parts are also messed up. A bolt gun in the basic package of Maronsa... …

You asked Shiro while people were fascinated by the appearance that seemed to be picked up and sold as scrap metal.

“I thought he would come himself.”

I had guessed the identity of Aegis from the moment I called Fermi the president.

'It's a real golden ring.'

Aegis lowered her head again.

"sorry. He said it would be better to be quiet when it comes to solving Yahweh's problems.”

Sirone understood.

"great. We leave now.”

Aegis turned around in a military fashion and walked towards the exit on the north side of the plaza.

Sirone didn't care about people's stares, but Destruction Demon 707 and his party were different.

'Ugh, this is the first time I've gotten this much attention. By the way, Yahweh 2, what the hell is this guy?'

From the beginning, I thought it would not be an ordinary user, but it was also in high gear.

'What's going on? what else is the boss? I felt anxious that I might have been caught up in a huge event that transcended our virtual world.

'Is it okay if we go on like this?'

As God of Destruction 707 turned his head, the same emotion was felt on the faces of his friends.

“Aww. ah... …

When I came to my senses at the sound of moaning, it was an alley in a slum in the north of the city.

Drunk junkies were rolling on the floor like they were at home, making strange noises.

Sirone asked.

“They?”

“They are addicted to drug programs.

all. High Gear is basically a battle simulation, but the range of applications is as wide as it is in Under Coder. It also has the advantage of being difficult to chase because it is a floor coder. The president also conducted clinical trials here.”

It was the tears of an angel, an angel.

“Kiyaaaa!”

The bald-headed couple fell against the wall and shouted at Sirone with their tongues sticking out long.

Electricity ran through the seven mechanical eyeballs.

'Here, the reaction to the drug can be converted into a numerical value. It's more effective than biological experiments.'

I could guess why Fermi chose high gear.

Soon, I saw a shabby motel with half-turned-off neon lights, and Aegis went straight to room 307.

“Boss, I have brought you.”

When I opened the door and entered, I saw a man with an eerie look sitting on the bed.

“Fermi?”

User code name, son of Yolgah.

His red hair was shaved and he had a tattoo that looked like a monster's face with black dye.

His eyes were white with no pupils, and he wore fur coats like those worn by devil worshipers.

“… … What kind of villain captain are you?" In real life, Fermi plays a clean-cut businessman, but his inner self was different.

“Jin, are you really Yoga’s son?”

Unlike the absurd Shirone, the Destruction Demons 707 couldn't believe it even when they saw it with their own eyes.

'kill. Genosa's flawless eye ATX. It's also matte.'

The impression itself is intimidating, but the fact that the pupils are not visible is excellent in close combat.

Fermi suggested a table.

"sit down. by the way… … Do you have a group?”

Forgetting that it was a virtual world, God of Destruction 707 was at a loss.

“Oh, hello. we are… … Sirone spoke briefly.

“They are my friends.”

Fermi nodded as if that was enough and invited them to sit down as well.

“Yes, nice to meet you. Sit down for now.”

"Ah yes."

Even while sitting far away from the bed, the Demon Demons of Destruction 707 and the others were dazed.

'What kind of relationship?'

The code name is washable. Therefore, meeting new users in large guilds was a matter of caution.

'Can I not ask anything?' Although it is not possible to define it clearly, it seems that Yahweh 2 has the pendulum of power.

Fermi got lucky.

“Well then… …

"hey! you!"

Sirone pointed.

“You wouldn’t have said anything to me! Just like Ten Man, the former wasteland is huge too! Is that on purpose?”

“Ah, why do players get angry with each other over things like that? To be honest, nothing happened, right?”

Looking back, it was.

“You have to do this much to be called Yahweh. listen for once Because I wasn't playing either. Defeating the Operator, you still haven’t changed your mind, have you?”

God of Destruction 707 and the others looked at each other.

'Was it for real?'

Of course, I heard that, but Yahweh 2 knew nothing about high gear.

'Now the head of the gold ring is talking.'

The weight was completely different, and I couldn't even imagine how that was possible.

Sirone said.

“No matter what you think, you have no choice but to do it. You have to beat the operator to make it work.”

"just wondering. Now that you understand the system to some extent, you can see how difficult it is, right?”

"??????okay."

Sirone couldn't deny it.

“Then it would be nice to talk. That's why I didn't tell you. Your insight is much faster than my explanation. Have you ever heard of the Ascension Guild?”

"no."

“It's the No. 1 guild in Seoguk, headed by an operator. He has a lot of rankers and a celebrity like me. That is to say, he rarely engages in outside activities. We hunt at the highest level of difficulty, which is inaccessible to ordinary users.”

Fermi pointed west.

“Personality eccentric, presumed to be female. She probably won't come to see you. Then you will have to go to the hunting grounds, but I think you will be instantly killed by Kreacher, let alone Ascendant Guild members. I'm not saying this to hurt your pride... …

“It doesn’t hurt.”

Sirone stopped talking.

“Tell me how. How can I meet you?”

“Sunbeam.”

God of Destruction 707 and the others groaned.

"ah

“It can be said to be the most important event of High Gear. Do you have a rough idea of ​​the worldview?”

“Dr. Martin stole the sun.”

"okay. To be precise, it is the sun sign. A place with a low gear that only exists in this world.”

“Low gear?”

“It is a device that converts solar energy into electrical energy. The electricity generated there runs through mid-gear all over the continent. The mid gear is a capsule-type device, and the energy of the high gear is recharged there.”

Fermi pointed at Sirone.

“You may not be able to feel it because your level is low right now, but even if you go over level 100, it becomes difficult to manage your energy. You have to charge it at a charging station where the mid-gear is installed, or you have to purchase an auxiliary device separately. lets think. Everyone in high gear is using it.” Sirone understood.

“And the country that won the solar war… …

“Yeah, eat everything. In particular, the guild that occupies the Sun Palace can charge high gear for free until the next Sun War. Conversely, other countries have to pay fees and buy energy. As you know, high gear is the heart of users. In reality, it is a fight to the death.”

“I will definitely participate, Operator too.”

“All guilds participate. This is the only way you can meet the operator.”

"excuse me… …

Death Princess raised her hand.

"May I ask you some questions?"

“Princess attention is always welcome.”

She laughed softly.

“I watched a lot of relays of Taeyangjeon. My drinking strategy was very fierce. Of course, Operator Laiter will participate, but Yahweh 2 will not be able to meet. to be honest… … If you don't become at least a ranker, you won't even be able to enter the Sun Palace.”

“That is our problem too.”

Fermi nodded.

“Dongguk and Seoguk have a tight win rate in the Battle of the Sun, but unfortunately, Seoguk lost in the last Battle of the Sun. In other words, we are Siege, and that is Mercury. In the end, to enter the Sun Palace, you have to fight through the crowds as well as deal with rankers. In particular, you will not be able to penetrate the first line of the Ascension Guild.”

The strongest code name was added.

“Because we also operate a command center for strategies between guilds as well as tactics between guild members. It is impossible to carry out individual missions in a fight where one mistake can steal the sun. I don't think it's a good way either.”

"you can do it."

Sirone did not give up.

“It's your job to solve the problem. How, did you bring it? What should I do?”

≪Table o ”

-1—r.

Fermi, who let out a sigh with her shoulders drooping, raised her head and sighed.

“Give up solar warfare.”

Destruction Demon 707's expression hardened.

“To be honest, it's impossible to carry you while worrying about winning the war. so give up I will use all the guilds in Dongguk to transport you to the vicinity of the Palace of the Sun. After that... …

Fermi took one look at Aegis.

“Golden wheel guild members are all out, disturbing the first line of the Ascension Guild. If it's a fight that doesn't matter even if you don't win, you can do it. The key is to keep it as far away from you as possible.”

God of Destruction 707 made an absurd expression.

“But that is betraying the guild of the same country. If you leave the solar cell, the guild will be ruined?”

Fermi didn't budge, and neither did Sirone.

“What are the odds?”

“100 percent. Or 0 percent. We continue to mark Ascension 1st class with physical bullets. Even if I lose everything, I will carry you into the sun palace. This is my responsibility. It's up to you. Grab the operator by any means.”

God of Destruction 707 opened his mouth.

“Oh, no… …

The first thought that came to my mind was this.

'Why do I have to go that far?'

I looked at Aegis, but she also had an expression that revealed a murderous look.

Sirone asked.

“How much can I raise? Even if the probability is low, it is good. At least how much stronger do I have to be to not be impossible?”

“Hmm. Did you do anything strange when you came here? For example, my senses are a little different.”

“The feeling of curiosity still remains. It's not the same as reality, but the signal system is the same.”

“Cheuk, that’s right.”

As if he had already predicted it, Fermi calculated it right away.

“At least level 300. Of course, the higher the better, but it will be difficult to match the solar cell. You don't want to take more time.”

In reality, the day was critical.

“From level 300 onwards, the amount of experience needed to level up makes no sense. Therefore, 300 is the best, and the rest has no choice but to compete with parts.”

“But parts are also affected by levels. They say this bolt gun is too much to turn with my power.”

“The prototype is like that. There is no choice but to supplement it with legendary or artisan parts with special energy efficiency. Anyway, no matter what you do, you will never get a win rate higher than 5%. It's a battle of how close you are." Fermi stood up.

“In the same sense, there is a limit to what I can give you right now. For now, I leave it to my friends until level 100. Put it on in two days.”

Destruction Demon God 707's eyes widened.

"yes? Level 100 in 2 days?”

“Equip the best parts and grab a high-level creature. A strong creature is not the answer, but you're faster than me in this section anyway, right?" Of course it was.

“Ha, but in that way, even if the level goes up a little, you have to keep buying new parts. What about the original parts?”

"throw away. Sending a credit card approved by the Ring of Gold. Buy everything you need. You can use the galaxy unlimitedly, so make Yahweh 2 level 100 within 2 days. can you do it?”

Destruction Demon 707 looked back at his friends with a blank expression and nodded.

“… … yes."