[386] One Man Team (2)

The graduating class schedule was already in its sixth week.

The competition intensified from moment to moment, and ranking changes in each section were not boring.

However, no students have changed classes yet.

Teachers clapped their tongues, saying that this was the first time in five years. The problem was that the rankings of Class 2, which had a lot of liquidity, were frozen.

Class One stamped out Class Two, and Class Three desperately pursued Class Two.

In other words, it also meant that the level of the entire graduating class was higher than in any other year.

One reason was that there was an unusual situation where as many as 15 people scored 20 points in the survival evaluation, but most of them were class three students, so there was little change.

Today is the day when the fierce ranking competition shines.

A strategy-tactics evaluation in which groups were organized according to ranking was awaiting senior students.

“Well, then I will be in the fifth group.”

Sirone noticed without even looking at the table. The ranks of all 30 people were already recorded in my head.

Group 5 is from 21st to 25th. Of course, 21st place will be the group leader, and Sirone will be included in group 5 with 23rd place.

Since 21st place Dante and 22nd place Iruki always got the same points as Shirone, the ranking was the same as in the first week.

The 24th and 25th places were Kanis and Closer, and it was a squad that could get a high score if you look only at the members.

On the other hand, there was also Joe who was crying because of the ranking trouble.

A typical example was section 4.

As a group belonging to the lower ranks of Class 2, Jo Won was in order of Screamer, Amy, Suabi, Maya, and Eider in order.

Most of it was successful in maintaining the status quo, but Screamer had plummeted from 11th to 16th in just six weeks.

'I'm annoyed, I'm going crazy. When will I be able to get out of this abyss?'

The event in which a bookmaker, a screamer, can easily score points is, of course, a person-to-person battle.

However, this year, the matchup was not good, so the problem was that the talented players of Class 1 were crowded in the early stages.

This is because some students' draw strategy worked and they ended up with 1 point out of 3 points on two occasions.

Of course, the root cause of the collapse to this extent was the 20 points lost to the red team in the survival evaluation.

“Hey, everyone gather around. Let’s start by deciding on a position.”

When the screamer beckoned, four groups of people gathered. A sigh escaped the screamer watching them.

'The balance is really messed up.'

There is something called 'party contribution' as an indicator that scouts use.

By determining the contribution of the members, in a party of 5, the total score is 5, and points are distributed according to the contribution.

Since it is looking at party organization ability, it is impossible to fully evaluate individual abilities, but there is nothing like this to determine who is responsible.

If your contribution is 1 point, you have done your part. If it's 2 points, it means that they did their share.

In that case, scouts will pay attention, but it can be seen that the balance is not good because it means that someone has not been able to serve even one person.

The ideal ratio within a party is 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, where everyone fulfills their role properly, but the current Screamer group couldn't even dream of such a golden balance.

The cause was Maya.

In his opinion, Maya's contribution to the party in the 4th group was 0.5 at best.

In the end, it meant that the remaining four players had to get 0.5 points more to gain competitiveness.

'If Maya is set to 0.5, Eider is 0.8, Suabi is 1.1, and Amy is 1.2, then I... … 1.4? You're crazy.'

0.4 points in party contribution was a staggering figure.

This meant that the combat power of a 5-person party had to be increased by 8% alone.

'Hmm, is it possible? Because there are two of them.'

Even though Suabi and Maya had different majors, their majors were utilities.

Normally I wouldn't include two utils in a party of 5, but if you have a screamer, that's a different story.

This is because, if buffs are applied to a magician who possesses physical abilities as well as magic, the performance is much higher than that of other magicians.

'I'm glad I have Amy. I stir it and Amy pours it. In the end, I have no choice but to drag her by the collar.'

After organizing his thoughts, the screamer cheered up by clapping inappropriately. Anyway, since he was the leader of Team 4, it was necessary to unite the team.

"now. I'm going to decide my position from now on, so listen carefully. If we strategize well, we can achieve high scores.”

The screamer pointed at himself first.

“First of all, I am the main dealer. And that's it. Do you know what I mean?”

“The bookmaker’s deadly strategy?”

Screamer nodded at Amy's words.

“Exactly. So, Suabi always buffs me. Haste, concentrate, healing, etc. Don't spare it and pour it all out. Even if it's 6 weeks, there won't be such a strong guy. Let's make it clear in the beginning. okay?"

"Ah Okay. I will work hard.”

Suabi replied in a dying voice. I couldn't find any fighting, but the screamer turned off my nerves.

Even if it was a decision disorder and a bad interpersonal relationship, he was a genius with a perfect score in utility that linked over twenty types of buff magic, so he would do it for one person on his own.

“Amy is the assistant dealer. Well, if it were you, you wouldn't have to give any instructions. And Maya... … What magic can you do? I think it would be better to go to the wide-area buff.”

The advantage of sound magic was that it had an effect over a wide radius.

"uh? The one I am most confident of is Arya on the battlefield. Amplify your mana through resonance.”

“Hmm… … .”

Aria on the battlefield is a magic that has a considerable effect even in actual combat.

However, if the caster was Maya, the story was different. Her buff effectiveness is far below average.

Screamer made a slight variation on the bookmaker's deadly strategy.

“Then let’s go to the debuff. Is there anything I can bet on my enemies?”

“Rush Rush. It amplifies anxiety.”

“Okay, go ahead with it unconditionally. Because betting on hundreds of people is more effective than betting on five people.”

"huh. I'll do my best."

Maya made up her mind and nodded deeply.

“Brother, what am I doing?”

Eider asked as he supported his head.

I didn't feel the same tension as Maya, probably because I was less burdened with graduation because I was younger.

“Multiplayer. I'm going to go out boldly, so you confirm and kill me. definitely get rid of it It's not uncommon for the board to turn over because you couldn't kill one.”

"all right. That's about it.”

"ruler! Let's do it right! Let's show them.”

Amy, who knew the personality of a screamer, was on the verge of getting goosebumps at the unsuitable fighting.

'It looks like he wants to get out of here.'

Still, it was questionable whether the bookie's killer strategy would work.

In the past, even thugs were famous for their trembling fists, so the possibility that he thought he would solve it alone could not be ruled out.

'Well, because I'm currently ranked low. Let's go like this for now.'

Even the members of the group could present their opinions, but it was effective only when they looked at the leader's tendencies.

On the other hand, Team 5 of Sirone was also waiting for evaluation, but unlike Team 4, no special operation came.

Dante hangs out with Closer, Sirone hangs out with Iruki, and only Canis enjoys solitude in a remote place.

Of course, I wasn't alone in the mental channel.

- Quite boring. That's where the school is.

It was Harvest who cut off communication with the outside world for a long six months and finished deciphering the 'Book of Light and Darkness'.

However, as the battle for notice in the senior class was so fierce, they hadn't even revealed themselves yet.

- Be patient. Because if we hold out for a year, we can do what we want.

-is it? Well, it's because I'm much stronger now. Graduation would be as simple as that.

The 'Book of Light and Darkness' obtained from the Akashic Records of Heaven was a theory that amplified the power of darkness using the power of incarnation.

In other words, the main point was that light strengthens darkness.

It was Canis who hadn't realized enough to draw out specific magic yet, but his true intentions alone made his mana much stronger than before.

- Graduation is not a problem. This time, I must surpass Sirone and follow Master's will.

-Keuk, that must be a lot of fun.

After completing the 2,000 checks, the teacher said.

“It’s five minutes before the game starts. The mission for the 6th week is 'Eradication'.”

All 30 people entered the two thousand times.

The evaluation had to be conducted at the same time as the rankings were given from the group that cleared the monsters first.

The huge 2,000th training ground was divided into six sections, and Sirone entered the 5th team's evaluation area.

As the members gathered, Dante spoke briefly according to his personality.

“Well, since we met like this, let’s work hard.”

Sirone asked.

“Strategy or tactics? Since you are the leader and you major in information processing, I think it will be okay if you decide.”

"tactics? Hmm... … .”

Dante put his chin on his chin and looked at the members. Iruki of Explosion, Sirone of Flash, Closer of Assault, Canis of Darkness.

“Just grab it fast, unconditionally.”

"okay."

At the same time, the five who turned around went into the center of the area.

After 3 minutes of warming up, the evaluation teacher said.

“From now on, we will conduct a strategy-tactics evaluation.”

If it was the 6th week, no explanation was necessary.

The green, yellow, and red lights on the display board turned on in turn, and a large number of monsters of the same type appeared in the six areas.

'This is the beginning.'

Sirone entered the Spirit Zone.

The first thing to do was figure out the race and number.

Bat Jargol is flying in the sky. Like a monster, one of them was about the size of an eagle.

On the ground was a two-legged monster called Warwolf.

And from this week, one species has been added, a giant earthworm that digs underground tunnels and moves.

'This week is also Tier 9 level.'

Looking at the species alone, it was worth fighting for. However, the problem was that the number exceeded three hundred.

Aaaaang!

The werewolf burst into a wolf howl and ran.

Jar'gol flew in with an ultrasonic sound, and earthworms vomited acid from dozens of holes in the ground.

Everyone in the 5th group instinctively took a position.

Sirone and Iruki cast their magic on Jargol. Photon cannons and atomic bombs quickly detonated the bats.

The ground was a collaboration between Dante and Closer.

Dante, who installed a space movement magic circle 10 meters in front of him, scattered the instant magic circle everywhere.

The werewolves caught in the instant magic circle were automatically moved to the main magic circle in the center.

After about 20 of them gathered, Closer cast his magic.

“Eruption!”

As the ground heated up from friction, the werewolves looked down. At the same time, a small volcanic eruption occurred and blew away the entire main magic circle.

“Hahaha! Send more, more, Dante!”

"Oh yeah?"

As Dante laid more magic circles on the ground, three enemies per second began to enter the main magic circle.

Closer poured all kinds of magic like a fish out of water.

If you didn't care about targeting, the land type was considered the strongest in terms of physical strength, so magic and monsters couldn't stand it.

The rock and roll that swelled like a snowball, pushed out like rolling the ground, hit the werewolf.

Huge rock Heavy Stones fell from the air and crushed the enemies.

Then, with 3 consecutive hits of Eruption, Eruption, Eruption, all the monsters on the ground were devastated.

Canis stood with her hands in her pockets.

Earthworm's acidic liquid flew from all sides, but it couldn't pierce the dark skin.

Of course, I didn't do anything. His Spirit Zone was locating all the monsters underground.

And finally, the right hand came out of the pocket.

'If the sky is a world of light... … .'

The index and middle fingers stood tall.

“Under the ground is a world of darkness.”

The power of darkness in the form of a saw blade, which is Canis' long-term ability, slashed the earth worm as it sprinted underground.

Kiek! Kick!

All of the Earthworms standing vertically sagged and vomited green saliva.

- 328 monsters have been annihilated. Execution time 3 minutes 28 seconds.

---------------------------------------