[79] Dark Uninvited Guest (3)

Nade picked up a pen and wrote something in the palm of his hand. Friends who were watching her also engraved the same inscription.

- I lost my memory. A person who knows the keywords is a trustworthy person. The keyword is the North Star.

Sirone and the others spread their palms in satisfaction. If you mark it like this, even if you lose your memory, you will cooperate.

“Okay, okay? Let's go out now.”

Having regained her confidence, Sirone escaped from Istas.

After class, students were going to and from the campus. When I regained my composure and looked around, there were not one or two strange things.

Students who would normally walk around in groups of three, three, five, were moving individually. What was strangest of all was the fact that the lines of movement were jumbled even though he was busy walking.

“Guys, those people… … .”

"know. I felt it too. There is no destination. Aren’t you just walking around as you please?”

Nade found an acquaintance in the crowd. It was Gabe, the motivation of Class 5. 

“Hey, Gabe. Where are you going?”

Gabe has arrived. Then, he asked in a dry tone as if he were dealing with someone he had never seen before.

“Who are you?”

Nade pursed his lips. But since she had already heard what Shiro had been through, she didn't mind and asked questions first.

“No, done. Where are you going?”

“Where am I going?”

Nade said, beating his chest in frustration.

“You were on your way now. Where is your destination?”

"I?"

Gabe looked down at his legs. Then he began to look around him like a man who had suddenly realized himself.

"here is… … Where are you?”

“Hey, calm down. Why are you doing this? what happened in the past few days? Did you see any suspicious people?”

“Could you… … I know?"

“Of course you know. How can you not know?”

Gabe's face went pale. He suddenly approached and grabbed Nade by the shoulder and shook him.

“Then tell me! Who am I? No, where the hell are you? me… … what is my name?”

As a terrified Gabe clutched his head, Nade slowly backed away and prepared for the unexpected. Fortunately, Gabe didn't turn aggressive. He was just going crazy.

“What are you talking about? I hear a strange noise! Why do I keep hearing this!”

Gabe's tongue began to twist as he shouted as he looked around. Eventually, a strange sound that could not be understood at all came out. 

Shirone's eyes widened in shock. Gabe realized what state he was in. On the other hand, Iruki listened to the sounds around him as if he hadn't noticed yet.

“What do you hear? Is it hallucination?”

Sirone said in a trembling voice.

“No, you are listening to your own voice.”

"what? Your own voice?”

“I can’t remember the language. You spit out the words out of habit, but you don't know the meaning. So I have no choice but to be afraid.”

Gabe had completely forgotten the language system. He finally let out a sound like a caveman, as if he had forgotten even the syllables.

Sirone and the others were creepy. Judging from the speed at which the mind degenerated, the memory was fading quite quickly.

As time passed, Gabe's voice faded, his eyes lost their vitality, and eventually he lost his ability to exercise. At the same time... … Everyone in the street stopped moving.

A terrifying silence came to the magic school. As if a wax figure had been erected, no one showed any signs of moving. 

"why… … What happened?”

“Anyway, we are all right. I'm not optimistic, but there's room for a little more investigation.”

Sirone looked at the people one by one. It felt like the world stopped, like Armin's stop magic. But time was definitely passing. Besides, seeing that people blinked every once in a while, I wasn't even frozen.

“I think… … It stopped.”

If it was a kind of magic, it was a more dangerous effect than the stop. You can pose a threat to your opponent. Even a child could have harmed everyone in this room if he put his mind to it.

The three walked into the crowd and did some experiments. When he tickled his junior, he burst into laughter. However, as soon as the tickling stopped, it returned to a firm expression. He blinked his eyelids as he threatened to stab him in the eye. It was said that the nerves were alive.

“Oh, I guess you just stopped thinking. Is this unusual?”

“Then, it means that physical strength also has its limits. You won't last long standing still. What are you doing?”

“Who has done this before? Let’s look around a little more.”

Sirone and the others headed north. It was to make sure that seniors and teachers with high magic levels were in the same situation.

When we reached the uphill road, senior students were slipping through the arch of the steel door. 

Sirone's party hid themselves in the bush.

The fact that only the senior class was moving in a situation where everyone could not move was reason enough to be wary.

I saw a face I hadn't seen in the crowd of seniors.

It was a man and a woman who seemed to be the same age as Sirone, and a man who was wearing twin swords that did not match at all with the magic school.

Lucas whistled and smirked. 

"Hwiyu, I've seen many gruesome scenes in my life, but this is the first time I've seen such a dreary scene. Aren’t they all turned into zombies?”

Abyss Nova is a magic that blocks the memories of people exposed to Nova within 24 hours. It was no exaggeration to say that it was an inanimate magic because thinking is impossible without memory. The order in which the memories were blocked was from the most recent, most impressive memory first.

It was Arin's mission to lead those whose memories were blocked. Specialized in spirit-type magic, she brought senior class students to the campus where Sirone and the others encountered Gabe.

'The shadow of capture.'

And there he cast his magic again. She pierced people's shadows as her shadows snaked like tentacles.

A unique form that does not exist in four ways. However, it was a tentacle type called standard for spirit-type wizards.

The tentacle type is much more flexible than the four type because it uses the spirit zone by unwinding it like a thin thread.

However, it took a long time, and it took at least 20 minutes to pass all the shadows of the advanced class students.

While Arin was working, Lucas passed the time by judging the female students. Since they were nobles, all of them had pale skin and smelled good. Scanning her figure with a viper's eye, Lucas stopped when he saw a woman he liked.

“Oh my. See this?”

Even in the state of losing her memory, she was a girl with clear eyes. She was retro-styled, with her reddish bangs falling over one eye, but her look was the best of her students.

“There must be some personality. I like ferocious women.”

The moment Lucas' hand reached out to Amy, Canis grabbed him by the shoulder and turned him upside down.

“Lucas, stop it. Please refrain from doing anything rude.”

"what? Lucas, can you stop? Are you talking to me just now?”

“I won’t let you go if you do useless things.”

"pooh!"

Lucas let out a weak laugh. Has the status of the parrot thieves fallen this far?

“Hey, what’s so serious? From what I've heard, it's a revenge play anyway. Why don't we have some fun?”

“This is revenge to regain Master's pride. I will not forgive you for doing bad things.”

“What if I don’t forgive you? Would you like to stick around here?”

“I will terminate the employment contract.”

"haha! Little boy, you seem to be mistaken, but I was hired by Arcane, not by you.”

“It’s like anything. Arin is casting Shadow of Capture. You can be fired at any time for any behavior that interferes with the operation. Of course, if you are dissatisfied with that... … .”

A whirlwind of abyss arose in Canis' pupils.

“I will kill you on the spot.”

Lucas sighed and stepped back. Having defeated countless wizards before becoming the vice-captain of the parrot thieves, he knew how dangerous it was to show hostility in the Spirit Zone.

“I am Quit. Anyway, if I don't pay, I'm the only one who loses."

“Tell me clearly. If you interfere with our work one more time, then I will not stand it.”

“The co-workers are very strict with each other. A person called a teacher can't even poke his nose. Where have you been?”

“Master is making important preparations. Simple things like this mean we can work it out ourselves.”

Arcane was currently in hiding and recovering the mental power that had been exhausted by Abyss Nova. However, there would be nothing good to tell, so Kanis hid the fact. 

"Nungnung, I hope you're comfortable."

Lucas's eyes shone intensely for a short moment after answering evasively and turning around.

'Hey, I'm sure he's hiding somewhere.'

Lucas was quick about the magician's equivalent exchange. If it was a magic that blocked hundreds of people's memories, it was a level that ordinary wizards couldn't even try. Even if he was a great wizard, it was clear that he would not be able to use his full power for a while.

'It's only now that you're bluffing, kid. There's no way I'll miss this fun opportunity, right?'

After Arin's work was finished, the senior and advanced students started to move together. Only after they got out of sight did Sirone and the others get out of the bush. From what I've seen, it seems that he intends to take the entire school somewhere.

“Who the heck are those?”

“I don't have time to think. It won't be much for a while, but I don't know what they'll do when they reach their destination. Besides, even the teachers were arrested.”

Sirone said.

“I thought the magic the girl cast was dark magic. If so, is the current situation something they did?”

“I think the chances of that happening are slim. In order to cast magic of this magnitude, John's size must be enormous. Two of the three are too young, and one is likely not a wizard, as he is carrying a weapon.”

“You mean there is a third person?”

“I guess so. For now, let's just focus on tracking. If someone is in a dangerous situation, it's not too late to act.”

“To take control of the magic school? He's crazy. Moreover, it is dark magic... … .”

With an unknown ominous feeling, Sirone and the others followed the uninvited guests.

* * *

Etella stayed at the training center wearing the same outfit as yesterday. Her eyebrows twitched as she didn't even move in her cross-legged position. Her brow wrinkled and her nose twisted. Biting off her molars, she began to vibrate violently, causing veins to form in her neck.

Deed deed deed deed.

The building shook following Etela's body. Dust poured down as the walls and ceiling vibrated. Finally opening her eyes, she let out her rough breath and collapsed in front of her.

"ha! ha!"

Etela's whole body was wet with cold sweat as she struggled all night with Simma who came to her at dawn.

'What was it?'

It was the kind that penetrated people's heads and blocked their memories, although I didn't know exactly. Dark magic belongs to the orthodox school, but the malice contained in the magic was strong enough to push Etela's vigilance to the extreme. Had it not been for the laws of the Charcian order, she would have lost her memory forever.

'It's dark magic. But they must be strictly forbidden on campus.'

Etella checked the time. It was summer, so it was as bright as daytime, but it was time to remain even after school classes were over.

'You mean you've been trapped in Shimma for over 12 hours?'

Considering Etela's pure and pure spirit, it was a very powerful magic. What's even more shocking is that even though she completely skipped class, no one came to visit.

It's not just yourself.

Ethella, who had gone so far in her thoughts, ran out of the training center without even having time to change her clothes.

* * *

A flash of light passed over the magic school. Then, as if attracted by a magnet, it bent to the ground and plummeted. One man landed without even an impact sound.

---------------------------------------