Missing Link(1)

Omega Year 666.

Due to the minorization of Anchera, two Gaians boarded the ark and left heaven.

The names of those who arrived on the lonely planet with the help of Terraforce were Adam and Lilith.

“It is our land.”

It was an atmospheric environment similar to heaven, and the scale of the ecosystem was no less than that.

“Let’s call it Eden.”

Unlike the contented Adam, Lilith was worried.

“Ultima's power has weakened. Can we really carve out a new life here?”

"are you okay. Because we are a race that fought against God. You and I will be happy here forever.”

As time passed, the ancient city of Eden prospered enough to be called humanity.

16.8 billion Gaians.

The reason the population was able to grow explosively was because lifespans were extremely long.

After returning from farming, Adam kissed Lilith as he embraced him.

Love that transcends time must be the reason they were designated as the passengers of the ark.

“Today is also a peaceful day.”

In the scene overlooking the city of Eden, Lilith smiled heartily.

“There is nothing more enjoyable than seeing children live happily ever after.”

Lilith felt like she had it all.

'They are all my children.'

If any parent had 16.8 billion children, they would understand Lilith.

"huh?"

At that moment, the sky suddenly opened and a dazzling flash of light illuminated the earth.

As all the Gaians in the city knelt down, Adam wept with emotion.

"Ahhh."

“Dear Adam.”

It was a Guffin who later became a god with a heart.

He decided to take the Gaia people here to win the war of the gods.

At one time, Adam too was willing to comply because he had fought in heaven, but Lilith was not.

"no! Absolutely not!”

In order to change Guffin's heart, she abandoned Ultima, but Gaiain eventually left Eden.

Left alone, she cried for three days and three nights.

If any parent had lost 16.8 billion of their children, Lilith would understand.

As the tears dried up, Lilith heard footsteps approaching her.

"honey."

Adam was walking.

"why?"

“You sent me back to take care of you. This is the land we must live in... …

Lilith jumped up and slapped Adam on the cheek.

“Why did you send the children away! How I raised those children, how I took care of this city!”

“You know. We must fight! Did you forget the pride of being a Gaian just because you abandoned Ultima?”

“Of course you know. How dangerous Heaven is, how strong God is! Oh, they will all die!”

Adam was sad.

It is because I knew what the current situation of setting up an angle of confrontation meant.

“You really abandoned Ultima.” Lilith spat out ferociously.

"no. you stole it My opinion, the children, Ultima, and the pride of being a Gaiar!”

The clear and gentle impression of her began to distort into a cold and cruel impression.

“Sick of it.”

The inorganic hair, which must have originally evolved in a heavenly environment, snapped off at the midpoint.

"you! What are you doing!”

And the newly growing hair was organic hair, a characteristic of creatures living in Eden.

“Twice again… …

Lilith said with narrowed eyes.

“I won’t be taken away.”

Reverse evolution created by hatred of Gaians and obsession with maintaining the species.

It was the first Eve.

“You were a beautiful person.”

After saying that, Cain smiled.

“Your temperament was a bit nasty.” Amidst the silence in the Hall of Evil, Iruki turned to Shirone and asked.

“Why is Mitochondrial Eve defining good and evil? What did you do?”

Sirone said.

“Lilith abandoned Ultima to become Mitochondrial Eve. Afterwards, she gave birth to a child with Adam, but the child was far from what Adam wanted.”

Iruki looked at Cain's face.

“… … You weren't Gaian.”

"okay. I haven't fully awakened my abilities yet. It was just that a Gaian who had mastered his heart transformed his own genetic ability with a fervent wish. Of course, the relationship between the two of them broke down. There were daily disagreements, and sometimes antagonism.”

Cain's eyes deepened.

“Lilith hated Adam, who considered her a tool for reproduction. That hatred led to hatred of men, and it seems that he was quite harsh with his son. But the really big problem is... …

Sirone paused for a moment.

“What would happen if two people, a man and a woman, fell on a certain planet and they separated?”

great loneliness.

Sirone asked again.

“They are… … Who am I to love?”

“Aaaaa!”

Lilith was bestial.

Abandoning Gaia's precepts, she fell in love with many of the planet's servants.

Witch of Lust.

Adam, who criticized his wife like that, eventually couldn't stand it and left the house.

Lilith didn't care.

'I want to love. I want to be loved.' A vicious cycle in which the more one desires pleasure, the more empty the heart becomes, and the more one covets pleasure.

However, there was one precept that even such a lustful witch did not break.

"mother."

After leaving home for the first time in a while, she looked indifferently at her children who worked hard.

“What are you doing here?”

Having not felt human warmth for over 100 years, she was drying up in love.

Seeing Abel, his son with a strong build, in such a state, saliva went down his throat.

' ha.'

My body was burning hot, and I was dizzy from wanting to hit him right away.

'no.'

Lilith desperately endured it.

Perhaps it was the pride he wanted to protect until the end as a fallen Gaian.

'Beasts don't matter. but no children If you set foot there even once... …

can never come back

The moment that one taboo is broken, desire will be passed down from generation to generation and lead to ruin for everything.

At that time, lost in thought, Lilith saw her daughter, Luluwa, kissing Abel.

'… … is it?'

It wasn't strange.

Even when they first arrived on this planet, all Gaians were the children of Adam and Lilith.

'Yes, it is unavoidable. But Lulu and Cain have been close since they were little.'

Where he turned his gaze, there stood Cain, who was looking at his younger brother with a sad expression.

'It can't be helped.' Lilith thought Cain should give up.

'Lulu and Abel should be paired with each other. Because it's the right thing to do with someone you love.'

No matter how depraved she was, her Gaian rationality still remained.

However, unlike her who once mastered the mind, Cain shed tears every night.

"why?"

Cain asked himself.

“Why Abel works and I can’t!”

I want to love you.

I just want to start a family with my beloved sister and live happily ever after.

“I mean, I fell in love first! Before Abel liked it, I said I liked it first!”

Why aren't there two people with Lulu?

The law of this world, in which Abel had to be unhappy in order to be happy, was terrible.

"Oh God."

Cain told the world.

“Why Abel? What have I done wrong! Why the hell! Should I be unhappy!”

God... … I was careless.

"shit!"

If it wasn't for Abel... … .

'If he hadn't been born, if he hadn't existed in this world!'

Would he have loved himself with Lulu?

At that moment, Cain came up with a genius idea.

'No Abel?'

My heart started beating like it was when I first felt love for Luluwa.

Since they were born and until now, no one has ever died.

At the same time, Lilith reflected herself in the mirror in the stinking room.

“Am I becoming a beast?” The more he craved pleasure, the more dense and stimulating his body became.

Reverse evolution is still going on.

“Abel… …

Would you like this body?

'That would be nice, Lulu.'

To receive the love of two strong men, Cain and Abel.

'If I were my daughter... …

Lilith, who had a dizzying imagination for a moment, turned around coldly, swearing.

'no.'

You have to finish yourself.

The instincts of living things are passed on to posterity and cannot be traced back to the region.

'Should I die?'

It should have been, Uorin still thinks as she recalls that time.

If only I had known I would have to endure eons of time.

One day.

The sky at that time was so clear and vast that thunder and lightning seemed to split the world apart.

It was a night of torrential rain.

While the Arden brothers were resting at their respective homes, a man walked in the rain.

Cain was nervous.

'Can it really be like this?' She left the house as if possessed by something, and she knows that she can return even now.

'Abel... … Kill?'

His mind was convulsing with the unknown anticipation of what lay ahead.

'no. There's no way it's possible to kill Abel. Why should you? It's not even food.'

It was an era when the concept of murder did not even exist because no one died.

'It's the same thing as hunting anyway.' In fact, Lilith's children have continued to eat by killing countless plants and animals.

So, if it was a sin to kill Abel, it was a sin to be alive.

That is the original sin that humanity will bear in the future.

'It would be sad without Abel. That guy is reliable and strong. Her brothers will feel bad too.’

Cain hesitated.

However, as soon as he was inclined to give up Luluwa, the hand holding the dagger became stronger.

'I can't do that!'

I wanted to be happy with the woman I loved, and I hated seeing her happy with my sister.

'Yeah, it's just Abel disappearing. Even now, countless lives are disappearing.'

The moment he saw his brother's house in the distance, Cain felt a great chill.

“Huh.”

I wanted to scream.

'Why do you feel so strange? You can't help it if you want to love Lulu Wawa. Her world doesn't make her 2 of her. If her position had changed, she would not have Abel... …

Did he really try to kill himself?

Hurrying away from the thought that came to his mind, Cain stood tall in front of the door of his brother's house.

“Oh, Abel.”

A roar of thunder shook the sky.

The moment his heart was about to shake, Cain clenched his fists and knocked on the door openly.

Bang bang! Bang bang!

After driving himself to a place of no return, the only thing left for him is the judgment of fate.

'Don't come out, Abel.'

maybe you haven't heard

'Never come out. It was just thunder. I just need to fall asleep as usual.'

“Aw, what is it? in this weather.”

and destiny.

"who are you? uh? What is your brother doing all of a sudden?”

He opened the door for Cain.