[98] Infinity (2)

Arcane made an annoyed expression.

"joy. that you compliment me Every passing dog will laugh.”

“Are you okay? It is said that mental power has been restored, but in the end it is just an illusion of the brain. If you intend to add here, you cannot guarantee your life.”

There is no free magic in magic. The mental power recovered with the Abyss Memory was an equal exchange achieved at the risk of causing brain death.

"so? Are you trying to stop me after all?”

“If you back off, we can end it here. Maybe this is your last chance. So far, everyone is safe, so I can suggest something. But if you can’t let go of your tenacity, you have to pay the price.”

“Quack. Even now, the tongue is excellent. You pretend to be thinking about it, but in the end you only know yourself. Do you think your past will be covered if I step down? It's already late. Not only those in this seat, but also the students who were affected by Abyss Nova have their ears open, so you will no longer be the principal.”

Sirone looked back at the students who had lost their memories. When the magic is lifted, everything that happened here will remain as a memory. Even if the battle ended safely, it couldn't be a big deal.

“Chuck! Are you aware of the situation now? Why don't we just kill them all here? If so, are you willing to overwrite it for me?”

Alpheas gently raised the corner of his mouth.

“One joke too.”

“Then why don’t you go with me? I am giving you one last chance. Shouldn't Erina take care of what she left behind? Come on, look. the results I have achieved. It's a magical organism harvester!”

Sirone and the others turned around to where Arcane pointed. Harvest was lying on the floor, strewn about like a rag.

“… … Well, it did look a little off. In any case, the experiment was successful. If you help me, I can achieve even higher results. And that is exactly what Erina really wanted.”

Upon hearing Erina's name, Alpheas' eyes lit up with a cool light.

“Master. Please grow up.”

Arcane finally revealed that he was going to live. They were having a trivial conversation, but in reality, it was all meaningless words. It was a bad relationship from the beginning.

“You think you can beat me? Principal? That's not even funny. Pretending to be smart and making foolish decisions is still the same, Alpheas.”

The powers of darkness that spread in the air united again in the form of fists. Against him, Alpheas slowly raised both hands and prepared to cast magic.

“No, this is right. One foolish judgment is enough.”

Alpheas compressed the photons between his palms. Upon seeing the photon output that any wizard of light can cast, Arcane snorted in displeasure.

“Are you going to stop me with something like that? You have become weak, Alpheas.”

“You won’t know until you try.”

“Chuck! Wasn't that the word you hated the most? Where has Alpheas gone who used to say that you should know before you try?”

“Wizards live the future. Although his gun is gone, he is not as old as I am. Do you think I have not counted your 40 years?”

“Hoo. Did you foresee today? So what you prepared is only photon output?”

“Let’s finish with this.”

Alpheas raised both hands to the sky. Then, the photons between the palms compressed and became smaller than dust. At the same time, Arcane swung his fist. A huge power of darkness poured down to the ground. End with this. It was a blow that poured out all the resentments of 40 years.

Sirone and the others stared at the power of darkness falling at an incredible speed. When I saw it up close, it was much bigger than I expected.

Alpheas's hands slowly fell down. The movements of his arms continued like flowing water, and then began to split into dozens of afterimages. The eyes of those who watched were filled with wonder.

'what?'

The afterimage of Alpheas moved terribly slowly. The photons compressed in his palm disappeared in an instant. Even during that time, the Power of Darkness had not yet reached half the distance.

Sirone couldn't move a single finger. No, he couldn't even breathe. Time is passing slowly. Only a single drop of photon, smaller than a particle of dust, was moving at the speed of light.

The photon plunged into the great darkness. The wave-like ripples slowly oscillated and moved away as slowly as time slowed down.

and the next moment.

Flash!

There was a powerful explosion of light that made the world a blank sheet. 

The power of darkness was torn apart and spread. The light that spread throughout the magic school weakened from the center and then disappeared in the form of a ring.

When time returned to normal, Sirone and the others looked up at the sky with absurd expressions. A pale moon was floating in the night sky where even the clouds had disappeared.

'What kind of magic is this?'

It does not have physical force like Photon Cannon, nor does it have durability like Shining. It was a magic that was created to explode the strongest light in only a moment.

Arcane's impression was distorted.

“Alpheas… … .”

“It’s the magic of the Big Bang. It's embarrassing to put it on the association, but I think it's good enough as a farewell gift.”

"surely… … You didn't just run away for 40 years.” 

Arcane realized what Alfeas was aiming for. It is not a magic developed as an antidote to dark magic. But it wasn't to go beyond yourself. 

Alfeas only assumed this moment, this situation, and polished the Big Bang for 40 years.

“It was pretty good, for you.”

Arcane's knees thumped and hit the ground. Due to the aftermath of the Abyss Memory, her brain function was seriously impaired.

“It will be good, Alfeas. The 50-year bet paid off. Since you have defeated the Arcanes of the world, your reputation will rise. Do you want to become the archmage of your dreams?”

Alpheas shook his head. Even at this moment, he is obsessed with superiority and inferiority. Knowing that it was the driving force behind the creation of today's Arcane, on the other hand, felt sorry for him.

“Master is no longer the Archmage. It was called that 50 years ago. That's enough time for a 10th-class newbie to become a 2nd-class archmage. Our time is already over. The world has changed, and I am too old to be ambitious. How can you not know that?”

A vein stood in Arcane's temple. Even though he was defeated, his years of living enough to receive admonitions from his disciples were not insignificant.

“Why do you think you are an arrogant Alpheas? You'd think you'd been caught up in some unfortunate misfortune. let me tell you the truth you are not a genius I'm just a lowly wizard running away from misfortune.”

Arcane gave strength to his shaking legs and stood up.

“Old? I became an archmage at your age. How about being honest? I don't have one. Aren’t you making excuses because you don’t have the confidence to go up any further?”

“It's not just about going up. As you get older, you should have appropriate introspection. But Master is still no different from a boy who only pursues sweet ambitions.”

“Chuck! Foolish Alpheas! What are you so afraid of? Take a step back and see. There is no categorical imperative in this world that says it should be!”

A terrifying aura exploded from Arcane's body again. Realizing that her memory had been erased again with Abyss magic, Alfeas raised her eyes in surprise. The brain would withstand one Abyss memory, but the second was death with an almost absolute probability.

“Stupid old man! Are you determined to die?”

Arcane responded with a sneer and cast a dark power. The shadows under their feet extended to cover the basin and lifted the memory-lost students into the air and carried them to the cliff.

This time, even Alpheas couldn't help but be terrified.

“Stop it! It's just pointless killing! What the hell will you be left with like this!”

“The winner’s satisfaction remains.”

“You fool! I want to win even at that age! I don't think you'll ever be a boy!” 

“You foolish Alfeas. Listen carefully.”

At the end of his life, Arcane said with a confident smile.

“Wizards… … He is forever a boy.”

400 people captured by the power of darkness flew off the cliff as if scooped up with a gourd. Alpheas couldn't understand. To use the mental strength he gained in exchange for his life on such a foolish thing.

'What the hell drives you? What does this stupid conviction bring?'

Anyway, now wasn't the time to care about Arcane. Alfeas, who poured all his energy into the Big Bang magic, hurriedly turned to his side and shouted.

“Save the students!”

As soon as the instructions were given, the THAAD turned into a flash and flew away. Sirone followed, and Nade and Iruki also teleported to the cliff. It was 400 people. You can't save everything anyway. However, the situation was so urgent that even such a thought was a luxury.

Sade descended halfway up the cliff and created a wall of air with air-type magic. However, he had to make a wall of at least 50 square meters, so the thickness had to be thin. & nbsp;

In the end, a hole was pierced in the weak part of the durability, and the students poured down.

Iruki and Nade were active under Sade. But it was too late to turn things around. Tears welled up at the sight of excellent students falling from children to seniors.

“Damn it! Damn, damn!”

Iruki looked at the sky through his hazy vision. The stars in the night sky twinkled, and a single flash descended vertically.

“Sirone!”

The flash passed even Iruki and kept going down. A red-haired girl caught the eye of Sirone, who was moving at high speed.

“Amy!”

Hearing Sirone's voice, Amy looked away. Since it was an impossible reaction when affected by Abyss Nova, Sirone shouted again with a glimmer of hope.

“Amy! Wake!"

'mental?'

Humans are thinking beings. Because he finds it harder not to think than to think. However, if you get caught in Abyss Nova, which blocks your memory, the source of your thoughts will not be provided.

“Amy! Amy!”

Still, Amy was able to think. 

This is because she is Amy of the Karmis family.

“Amy! Come to your senses!”

'It's annoying. Please don't do this.'

"it's me! I mean Sirone!”

'Sirone?'

What did you mean? It was an unknown word. But Amy couldn't let go of the three syllables that kept tickling her brain.

'What is it, what is it? what was it I'm very curious.'

Amy kept thinking. As electricity spread through her cerebral cortex, she began to seek out information. Finally, a pattern flashed and the meaning of Sirone rushed into my body.

'Oh right. Sirone! It was sirone.'

Amy took a deep breath as if she thought she was dying of frustration. At the same time, her eyes burned red, triggering her crimson eyes ability. Abyss Nova burned in an instant, and her memories flooded in.

'What an idiot! What am I doing?'

Her specialty is her red face. Academically, it is called self-image memory. 

People of the Karmis family can return their condition to a specific point in time when the red eyes are manifested.

For example, it is possible to save the action of lifting a sword and slashing, and repeat the same action infinitely without errors. Moreover, since it is an area of ​​feeling like a schema, the correction of errors was also immediate.

The saying, 'One mistake is the foundation for development, two mistakes are the shame of the family' was the word that revealed their confidence.

'what? What condition are you in now?'

Amy analyzed errors at the neural level based on self-image memory. She is currently in the sphere of influence of gravitational acceleration. Her center of gravity tilted 87.6 degrees and her heart beat 1.6 times faster.

'It's going down.'

I didn't really have any complaints about that. I saw Sirone descending on a flash of light. He remembered what had happened to him. How could he forget about you?

---------------------------------------