Rotating world (4)

Hwa Resources Management Corporation.

«O»

Sitting at the desk in the president's office, Lethe stared at the wall and made a meaningless noise.

'Why are you so anxious?'

The amount of fire* was stable and the tributary circulation was running smoothly.

“Monoras.” The source of all anxiety was that the lowest demon in the underworld was invisible.

“No, since when did you leave for Laviette, there is no news? Didn't this get leaked somewhere else?"

Hitting the desk, she stood up and shook her head.

“No, it won’t be.”

It must have been 100 million times that she had been stabbed in the back by Monolas, but she believed.

“Could it be, even in such an unprecedented situation? Anyway, I'm the manager. Yeah, it can't be.”

A living being named Lian is wandering around the underworld with the karma chain severed.

'All beings in the universe carry their own karma. I can't get past that.'

Hence the system error.

And the demons who could solve this level of problems were counted on one hand even in the underworld.

"it's annoying. I still have a lot of work to do.”

Feeling uneasy, Lette left the president's office and went to the Karma management department.

On both sides of the hallway, numerous informants were observing the living body through their visions.

"ha! ha!"

Among them, there was an informator who was busy touching his body while groaning excitedly.

“Leona.”

The woman in charge of Etella and Chagall heard Lete's voice and hurriedly turned her head.

“Ah, boss.”

Lethe touched her shoulder.

“You are working hard. Are these guys like that? They say you’ve risen the ranks this time.”

Leona roared with excitement.

“Yes, it’s 7th all time. Purification time 87 years. How great is the combination of good and evil? Just imagining it makes my body so hot I can't stand it.”

Lette was equally dizzy.

“Taegeuk is the signal that gave birth to the universe. The cycle of yin and yang contains powerful power. It brings together two opposite concepts.”

Leona looked back at Lethe.

“Then, the first universe was also born through circulation. What kind of concept cycle is it?”

"maybe… … Electricity.”

As a fact that I guess only because I am a manager

“Energy generated by the circulation of positive and negative poles. Therefore, all concepts born from that energy principle are inevitably divided into two, and that is the universe we are in.”

Lethe raised her index finger.

“Reality and the world behind it. The reason why two completely different worlds can coexist is because it was designed according to the principle of Taegeuk. But when applied to humans, not the world, it is very dangerous.”

“Why?”

“It has the property of going back against all definitions in the universe. What would happen if all the concepts of good and evil, black and white, material and immaterial, up and down were integrated?”

first one.

“The only concept that can escape the universe is born. That's what we call First One. It's no wonder that those two carried a lot of karma.”

Leona looked back at the screen and swallowed.

“… … It’s a great relationship.”

"Ho Ho! This is just the beginning. Those who carry karma can never be comfortable, so it's better to watch."

Humans can't understand it, but the combination of good and evil aroused a strange romance to the demons.

'I hope it goes well.'

She doesn't know what the outcome will be.

Le but.

"by the way."

Lethe licked her lips and asked.

“Have you not contacted that pig? Didn't any informants say they saw where it was?”

"yes. The chief secretary is also an administrator, so there is a limit to tracking through the karma screen. anyway… … There is no report that it was found near Laviette.”

Lethe grabbed her head.

“Haha, where the hell are you doing? will you do well? That's right. I'm sure you'll do well. I sincerely asked for it, so I'll be sure to take care of it this time. yes?"

Leona pursed her lips.

'I don't think so.'

Perhaps, in the other world, the person who didn't know Monoras the most was Lethe.

The river of immorality, its 78th tributary.

The village built along the winding river of fire is a marquis of the underworld.

Marquis is Pikaras.

As the manager of tributary streams that averaged 3.5 million purification hours per day, he was now serving Monoras.

"now! Our chief secretary, who is doing great things for hell. Please take a glass of this too.” The marquis with the face of a poisonous snake tipped a wine bottle at the soybean pig.

“Good, good! Queuck!”

If it was the Marquis of Picaras, it was still less than half the distance to the place of business trip.

The Marquis gave instructions.

“Come on, you guys! What are you doing without moving fast? To meet such a wonderful and handsome person.”

As the 20 succubuses worked, saliva flowed from Monoras' mouth.

“Queuck! Kww!”

As the heat matured, the Marquis, who had been paying attention, secretly handed out the documents.

“Hey, Chief Secretary. this… …

"huh? what?"

I saw the title 'Report on Expansion and Development of Branch 78', but I couldn't see the contents.

“In the meantime, the number of demons in the marquisate has increased considerably. By the way, if the number of demons increased, wouldn't it mean that the number of mouths also increased?”

“Oh, yes. yes."

Monolas just wanted to focus on his senses.

“So, I tried to come up with an alternative, but if our chief secretary, who is a real person in the chemical industry, would give me a single autograph... …

“o uh 9”

As soon as the sensitive reaction came out, Pikaras looked back and clapped his hands.

A servant with sheep's horns bowed his head and entered, handing over a small box.

“This is what I mean, as you can see… …

When the box was opened, a key the size of a person's palm glowed golden.

“As a key made of pure flame, n

Monoras slammed the table, causing the succubuses to scatter.

“Pikaras Hujaak!” Hearing the strained voice in his throat, Fikaras quickly lowered his head.

"yes yes!"

“Are you insulting me now! I look like someone who will handle public affairs with just this!”

The Marquis, who understood perfectly, shouted in a hurry, half standing up.

“Go ahead and bring it!”

This time, the door slammed open with a powerful bang, and the rambunctious demons brought a huge treasure chest.

Koo kung! thud! thud!

There were a total of four, and Pikaras approached with quick steps and inserted the golden key.

When the lid was flipped, there was a pile of blinding riches inside.

Pikaras, who turned around hesitantly, pointed to the treasure chests and continued.

“The person who holds this key is qualified to become the owner of this treasure.” Monoras, who had been staring at the box, suddenly shook his head and laughed.

“Chuck! Kww! Kww!”

"haha! Ha ha ha ha ha!"

Pikaras laughed along, and the succubuses clapped their hands and flew back.

“The barrel is big! Also the barrel is big! There's a reason I'm acknowledging you!" “Is it possible? This is all thanks to Monoras-sama taking good care of public affairs.”

Returning to the drinking party, Pikaras handed out the papers.

“Queuck! I'm always good Let's see, what were we talking about earlier? What about tributaries?”

“Ah, not even to the level of concern. In fact, it's true, should the one who controls the fires of all hell even worry about these terminal tributaries? Then you won't go back to hell. There are demons who draw the big picture.”

“That's what I mean! What you know, only the boss, no Lethe, doesn't know. So, am I not frustrated?”

“It’s frustrating.”

Pikaras flicked his fingers.

“Kiya, now that I see it, our Chief Secretary, there must have been a reason for your dark complexion. At times like this, the subordinates must properly serve them. I will take care of you first!”

“Cheolkeol, well, you’re good at it.”

Pikaras quietly handed over the pen, and Monoras bloodily signed the approval column.

"bravo! You're angry too!”

Pikaras waved his hands as the succubuses laughed and clapped.

“What are you doing outside? Bring it quickly!”

Carts full of liquor and food endlessly came in, filled the tables, and left.

“You should have a drink. There are succubuses who couldn’t even enter the castle right now.”

“Chuck! Do you?”

While an hour had passed since then, the Marquis passed as many as seven documents for approval.

"Now, this time it's a dispute with the Marquis of Maidrun over the control of Fire Dam."

"hey! Now let's play!”

Pikaras frantically nodded and leaned his upper body towards Monoras.

“This is the end. really! last! vow!"

Thus, the dispute over the 78th tributary, which emerged as a hot topic in the chemical industry, was ended.

"cadet."

Lethe murmured as she rubbed her left shoulder.

“Why does my shoulder hurt so much these days?” Leona turned her head.

“Aren’t you overdoing it? The psychic realm was closed and you couldn't sleep, so you only worked. Shall I give you a massage?”

“Still fine. If only more damn things don't happen here. Anyway, the Grand Duke should come soon.”

Looking at Lethe's exhausted face, Leona put on a bitter expression.

'He's a really competent person.'

If it weren't for her, Hell would have been in great chaos after the psychic realm was closed.

“If the Grand Duke comes, can we fix it?”

“I don’t know. Still, I'm number one in hell when it comes to dealing with hidden codes. That said, I'll have to take a look. Who is the informator in charge of Lian?”

“It must be Vivian.”

"okay?… ”

Lette patted her shoulder and headed for Vivian's seat.

“Chains of Gehenna. what are you doing?"

“I am moving forward without stopping. Looking at the direction, I think the chemical project is the destination.”

I let out a sigh.

“Where is it?”

“I think I will pass the Wailing Wall soon. But boss, once you pass the wailing wall... …

Vivian raised the height of the screen.

“Sooner or later, Laviette. The city of magic engineering. Isn’t that where the chief secretary went on a business trip?”

"huh'?"

Lethe's eyes widened.

"uh! that's right! If you just fix Lian's error there, it's over, right? Monoras can do it!”

While she clapped like a girl, Vivian looked at the high-altitude screen again.

'It has arrived.'

A black wall stretching thousands of kilometers awaited Sirone and Lian.

Woo woo woo woo!

Even before I arrived, I heard a terrible cry that made me want to cover my ears.

'This is the Wailing Wall.'

I couldn't see the end of the wall no matter where I looked up, down, left, or right, and it was probably the same thickness.

Ryan stopped walking.

"That's amazing."

Compared to the size of the wall, their presence was smaller than dust.

“It hurts… … . get me out of here... … How many?

What made up the walls were all human bodies without a single exception.

"Horrible."

Even the pus had rotted and turned black like oil, and the surface was grotesque with protruding faces and limbs.

"hungry… … . Throat, thirsty... … Even though no one had the energy to make a loud noise, there were so many of them that it was noisy.

“To go to the chemical company, you have to pass through this gateway.”

When compared to the whole, a gap smaller than a crack vertically bisected the wall.

"good. Let's go, Sirone."

I don't know when Gehenna's chain will be activated, but Lian's compass always went straight.