[359] Magic Association (5)

The anti-terrorism squad was giving Sirone a stinging glare. It is natural that they serve as excellent shields for terrorists, but from the standpoint of the hostage, it was only regrettable.

The flail's Janghan, who grabbed Sirone, had great physical strength. When she realized that she couldn't escape without magic, Sirone began to get impatient.

'What do we do? Are you really going to die like this?'

At that time, Flu broke through the anti-terrorist squad and appeared. Seeing her face with her ax eye raised, Sirone was terrified even in the situation of her life and death.

'Why is Mr. Flew here?'

Flew yelled, pointing.

"hey!"

All members of the Black Revolution paid attention to Fleur. Unexpected situations are always bad.

The terrorist holding Sirone asked in a menacing voice.

“Hey, what is that woman?”

“Uh, that… … For now, it's my business.”

Flew continued angrily.

“Are you a crazy kid? I told you to go to the alchemy shop, what are you doing there?”

Sirone pondered over whether to answer.

Of course, it is natural for her to be angry. But it was nonsensical to bring it out in this situation.

'Why are you doing that? Something is strange.'

As Sirone was lost in thought, she fired even more.

“I must have ordered you to buy the parts for the 'horsepower controller'! Because of you, 'cute people' suffered damage! How are you going to be 'responsible'?”

Sirone's eyes sparkled.

'Magic control device?'

Come to think of it, Fleur's eyes were also tense, unlike usual.

'Ah, this is the password.'

Roughly put together, it was something like this.

The magic control device will be released. You are in charge of hostages.

'You've got one chance. But when?'

Until then, not even the flu could be delivered.

You can create any number of passwords, but if they are long, you will be suspicious. Also, even if time was adjusted, it could be rather poisonous in an operation where success or failure could be judged in an instant.

From that moment on, Sirone began to warm up his mind. There is no clearly defined time. The key was not to miss the opportunity at the moment the magic control device was destroyed.

The rooftop of an eight-story building 200 meters from the Gold Tower.

One Gunner was aiming at the Gold Tower with a crossbow equipped with magic bullets. Unlike a normal crossbow, the tiller was long enough to be worn on the shoulder and was a weapon that used a trigger-type trigger.

As Gunner was making a balloon out of chewing gum, a voice came from the communication device.

-Alpha. Can you hear me?

“This is Alpha. Waiting for sniping. over."

- Deliver orders. Detonate the Magic Control Device in the Gold Tower.

The balloon stuck to Gunner's mouth popped with a pop. Even detonating the magic control device seemed like there was nothing that could be done in the hostage situation.

-It's a one-time opportunity. make no mistake.

Gunner stopped thinking and locked the magic controller inside the crossbow's scope. Strategies are made up of the brain, and fighting is done by the muscles. He was the nerve of the anti-terror squad.

As I recalled the interior plan of the Gold Tower, the lines in my head stood up as planes and quickly formed a three-dimensional three-dimensional structure. It rotated freely and calculated its trajectory.

The magic control device is built into the wall, so you can't see it with your eyes. It was a situation where I had to open my heart.

“Roger That.”

Fleur, who exchanged glances with Sirone, gently bit her lower lip. There were too many uncertain variables. Above all, even if the magic control device was destroyed, it was impossible to guarantee that Sirone would be able to evacuate the hostages.

'please. you have to do something If I make a mistake, it's the end.'

Sirone was desperate to change the shape of his mind beforehand.

The method he chose was Mass Teleport, a collective teleportation. As soon as the magic control device is destroyed, they take the hostages and escape.

'Can I make it on time?'

Bypass the terrorists and lock only the hostages in the Spirit Zone. As it is a bizarre form that is not found in all directions, it was important to tune the mind in advance. It would have been easy for Arin, a spirit-type mage, but it took a considerable amount of time for Sirone, who had strength in durability.

'It's harder than expected. Something shouldn't happen now.'

Meanwhile, Gunner finished preparing for sniping. The chewing of the gum slowed down at regular intervals, and he finally began to crush it slowly with his teeth.

slowly… … Slowly, as the gum squeezed, the trigger finger bent little by little.

Right.

The moment teeth met teeth, the trigger was pulled. With a ping and exclamation, the magic bullet was fired at the same speed as a swallow snatching a bug.

'Just a little, just a little more!'

Sirone did her best to change her mental form. Meanwhile, he couldn't help but be conscious of the situation around him.

A light flashed above the heads of the anti-terrorist squad, and then something passed through Sirone and through the front door.

A sharp iron magic bullet pierced the wall next to the safe and stuck into the board of the magic control device. Electricity was generated from the magic bullet, the wire melted, and the overheated device exploded with a roar.

'Now!'

Sirone entered the spirit zone with her eyes wide open. Hostages, including Arya, were captured in the Spirit Zone, which has an unstandardized form like an amoeba.

"what! What happened!"

The members of the Black Revolutionary Corps were taken aback by the sudden attack. However, it did not take long for them to settle their minds because they were also trained.

“How dare these fool us!”

The moment the flail landed on her head, Sirone opened her eyes. The body turned into light, and at the same time, all the hostages were subjected to photonization magic.

'Mass teleport!'

Numerous flashes of light seemed to rise simultaneously, then they bent like dragons and escaped the outside of the Gold Tower.

The place where Sirone arrived was 20 meters away from the main gate. He wanted to avoid it as far as possible, but the space of his line of sight was the limit for him who did not know the geography of this place.

After confirming the number of hostages, Sirone cut the rope with Armand using rated control. On the Gold Tower side, riot squads were arresting terrorists.

Werewolves, underground people, goblins, etc., their identities were revealed, and their races were different.

The giant of the flail was a family member called the Forest Keeper. Characterized by a well-developed chin, he was screaming in a low voice that would come from a brass instrument with his arm bent by the knights.

'One person is vacant?'

Only 7 terrorists were captured. When I checked the body with my eyes, I didn't see the one who was called the captain.

“Aagh!”

Sirone raised her head at the sound she heard from the sky. Flew, floating in the air, was in a position to strike something with his magic wand.

The transparent object fell to the ground with a thud. After a while, the leader with his limbs attached to the ground appeared, trembling with his beaten back.

Flew said, landing light as a feather on the ground.

“Where are you going to run to?”

“Keugh! Annoying Wizard!”

The captain grabbed his chest and tore off his robe.

The face of a man with light purple skin was revealed. He was bald, his ears sticking out like knives, and his sharp fangs stood out between his closed teeth.

“Now that this has happened, I will kill you and go.”

“You were a vampire after all.”

The ability to make the body invisible for a while was a vampire's unique ability. However, he was not pureblood, as he did not suffer even when exposed to sunlight.

'Well, if it was pureblood, it would be impossible for everyone here to attack.'

Flew said to the riot squad without taking his eyes off the vampire.

“I will take care of it, so please block the escape route. Vampires are good at escaping.”

The riot squad immediately blocked the way to the Gold Tower. He knew that if he moved clumsily, the vampire would leave the place.

Flew swung his magic wand out of habit, then grabbed the tip of the pole and aimed it forward.

“Come on, kid.”

“You cheeky girl!”

Nails protruded from the vampire's ten fingers like blades. His body turned into a blurry afterimage and moved across space like a torrent.

Vampires are fast. It was not muscle strength, but the power of a unique incarnation technique called half-body half-soul.

Flew's eyelids were half-down and his gaze was turned left and right.

Knock! Her vampiric claws got in the way as she twisted her body and held out her magic wand.

“Big! this… … !”

“It looks so ridiculous. A mongrel can't be faster than the synesthesia of the Spirit Zone.”

"shut up! Shut up!”

The vampire swung its claws dozens of times per second.

Flew retreated with a sharp screeching noise, spinning around her at an unseen speed. Flew gave up her pursuit and slammed her magic staff down on the ground.

“Bonghwangjeong.”

A huge firebird rose from the crystal ball and spewed out fireballs in all directions.

The phoenix that resonates with the Spirit Zone fires fireballs at everyone within its radius. Although it was impossible to identify friends, it was overpowered in terms of reflexes faster than synesthesia.

“Aagh!”

The vampire who was hit directly by the fireball rolled on the floor with his burning body. When the flames were extinguished, there was no strength left to move.

said Flew, pressing the magic wand to his stomach.

“The sun endures, but not the fire. Receive the aura obediently.”

“Stop talking nonsense! Do you know our suffering! To understand at least the misery of living in the gutter!”

"I don't know. Humans are what even humans can't save. I don’t have the energy to look into your circumstances.”

“You foolish and arrogant man! I was also human once. How long do you think you can rule the world! In the future, you will pay a huge penalty.”

"Someday. But not now.”

“Queue, is that so?”

The vampire's body began to split like a jigsaw puzzle. At the grotesque change, Flew removed his magic wand and took a step back.

"what… … ?”

“This is the result you made!”

Hundreds of black bats splattered the vampire's body and flew to the place where the hostages were, swimming in the air.

Flew pointed his magic wand at once. However, he could not use Bonghwangjeong where the hostages were.

“Kyaaaagh! Help me!"

The hostages who discovered the swarm of bats hugged each other.

At that time, Sirone blocked the way and lowered her fist.

'Broad!'

Puff puff puff puff!

The curtain of light pulsed at a fast tempo, bouncing off all bats. As the bats flew out of the curtain and got tangled, the vampire returned to its original form and rolled on the floor.

“Quaaaaagh!”

The vampire's fingers stretched sprawled toward the sun, slowly unfolding.

When the movement finally stopped, the emergency services rushed in and arrested him.

The hostages slowly lifted their eyelids. Terrorists were being transported one by one to the steel prison.

"done. Arrested them all.”

"it's over! We live!”

The hostages cheered and clapped.

The main character of applause was Sirone. He came in as a hostage, took time, and even finished it, so it could be said that it was a sense of accomplishment.

“It was really cool! After all, justice is alive!”

“What courage! It deserves a job at the Magic Association!"

Sirone's face flushed. He was anxious that people mistook him for an employee of the Magic Association. Arya approached as she lowered her head, not knowing what to do with her body.

“Hey, are you okay?”

“Ah, it’s okay.”

“I am very grateful for today’s work. I want to give an example... … .”

“Oh no! You don't have to!”

Arya didn't want to let Sirone go like this. She was helped, but the fact that he was in the wagon had a fateful impulse.

“I am Arya of the Tessiya family. My father is a first-class diplomat in the kingdom. If I tell you about today's work, it will help me a lot in the future... … .”

At that moment, Fleur grabbed Sirone's head and pressed him down.

“There is no need for that.”

"yes?"

Flew politely bowed her head to the bewildered Arya.

"sorry. This child is still a probationary, not a full-time employee. Please kindly understand that this was done at the association level to catch terrorists.”

Sirone lowered her head and averted her gaze.

Strictly speaking, he wasn't even an apprentice. However, when he met Fleur's eyes, who had a scary expression on his face, he remembered what to say.

“Yes, sorry. There will be no such thing in the future.”

Arya didn't care if Sirone was a full-time employee or an apprentice. She talked for a long time and just wanted to know a little more about him.

"No, I'm just grateful... … .”

Flew shook his hand firmly and stopped talking.

“I just did what I was supposed to do. Private cases are strictly prohibited inside the association. Then I trust that you will understand and I will go now. Follow me, you little boy!”

“Ouch! sick!"

Sirone was caught and pulled out of the Gold Tower by Flew's hand.

Aria's eyes, looking at the two people who were getting farther away, contained regretful feelings.

---------------------------------------