[307] Master of Incarnation (5)

Sirone looked back at Ekashi without even thinking about wiping her bloody lips.

"What are you? Are you going to start on the subject of Habari?”

“Teacher Bosun is the person I admire the most. He'd better keep his mouth shut."

“Then you must die too. Bossun is one of the people I hate the most in the world.”

As a battle mage, Ekashi was not swayed by provocations. Holding a hand-length club from inside his robe, he held it out in front of his eyes and spoke in a cold voice.

“The Magical Spear, Freeze.”

When he opened his palm, the club did not fall and spun on the spot. As if subjected to her centrifugal force, the wick came out from both sides and turned into a spear longer than her height.

Ekashi grabbed the spear with both hands and swung it around. A cold wind reached Sirone.

After dazzling spearmanship, he took a finishing stance and aimed his spear at him, and ice shards fell at the place where the blade stopped.

Ekashi's specialty is freezing. He was a typical battle mage who intensively honed his magic spearmanship.

In particular, the magic weapon freeze was an expensive weapon that any freezing wizard would want to have. Basically, a high-efficiency option of 128% magic amplification is added, and you can get an additional 146% amplification only for freezing magic.

In addition to that, it was a fraudulent weapon with a 280% amplification option called special magic amplification at the freezing point of magic, that is, the blade of the spear.

Therefore, when Ekashi applied freezing magic to Freeze's blade, he was able to achieve a whopping 554% magic amplification.

'It's a considerable thing for something made by humans.'

Sirone kept a close eye on the ice that kept falling around Freeze's blade.

The ability to freeze the atmosphere is only possible with Shiina, an authority on freezing magic. No matter how much he borrowed the power of the magic weapon, he could not denigrate Ekashi's fighting power.

“Blizzard blades.”

Ekashi, chanting in a cold tone, shortened the distance with teleportation.

The air froze along the line of the blade as Freeze quickly cut through the space. With a snapping sound, a long line of ice like a rope was born, and then it broke into small pieces and fell.

“It’s embarrassing to use it against amateurs, but… … .”

Ekashi pierced the spear with the shortest distance.

When Sirone casts the berserk, Freeze's blade penetrates the berserk, causing a shockwave to explode.

Sirone and Ekashi withdrew at the same time. Then, bouncing their upper bodies in the same way, they rushed towards each other.

An ultra-close battle unfolded in which a single mistake cost a life.

Sirone saw the approaching Ekashi and slammed the photon cannon on the floor. It was powerful enough to shake the ground, but Ekashi had already risen into the sky.

Lying in the air, he held the handle end of the frieze with one hand and swung it while spinning.

A ring-shaped tube of ice appeared along the trajectory of the spear. There was red blood on one spot.

Shirone's lower back cut thinly, and frozen blood spurted out from the flesh.

“Big!”

Sirone kicked off the floor and got out of Ekashi's attack radius. But he couldn't hold out for long and sat down.

Freeze's fear lies in turning even minor wounds into fatal ones. As the pain intensified as if my back was on fire, I felt like I was losing consciousness.

Ekashi set the spear back and watched the prey's condition.

“The movement is quite good. but i'm still immature Be content with being the fertilizer of my strongest legend.”

Just as Sirone was about to reply with burning eyes, something rolled around at his feet.

It was fresh truffle.

Dessert from my parents' meal. It was the dessert that hid a lethal dose of poison in the sweetness of the chocolate.

Sirone turned her head with a soulless face. Bossun, who rolled the chocolate with his feet, stood there laughing.

“How about tasting it now? It is very delicious.”

“… … My mind has changed.”

Sirone's face contorted like a demon.

“Everyone die.”

Dozens of lasers were fired from Sirone's body.

There was no need for targeting, and sparks exploded wherever they recklessly scratched the wall. The Grand Hall shook.

The nobles were horrified.

They thought that they had to die to be the Bosun faction, but when Sirone started the Don't Ask terror, they realized that this place was not safe.

"shit! What are you doing! Kill that bastard quickly!”

Personal bodyguards rushed at Sirone. As dozens of swordsmen drew their swords and rushed forward, Bossun's men also opened fire with their specialties.

Sirone cast a berserker while standing hunched over.

As the heart beats in the infinite unit, the form of pure energy that does not even show the movement of the curtain occupied the space.

The floor on which Sirone was standing crumbled like a cookie and caved deeply into a hemispherical shape. The wind pushed by the light curtain pushed people to the wall.

However, those present here were also those who did more than the average. The first surprise attack failed, but they quickly gathered their lines and charged Sirone again.

Ekashi, who was at the forefront, led Freeze.

The wind tearing through the blades froze like a blizzard and spread behind my back. Sirone responded with a photon cannon, but it bypassed the radius greatly and suppressed Sirone's blindness in an instant.

'This is the end.'

At the same time as swinging the freeze, a red flash flashed in front of Ekashi's eyes.

“Keugh!”

A thin laser passed Ekashi's nose as he bent his upper body.

Unable to balance himself, he fell on the floor and looked at Freeze with absurd eyes. The blade had been cut off, and the cut surface had turned into red lava and flowed down.

'Damn it, where in the world is magic like this!'

A light that cuts metal.

How much high output is it possible to handle?

The mass-enhanced photon cannon was ridiculously heavy, and the energy-enhanced laser was frighteningly sharp.

The guards who were watching the situation realized only then. That I was wrong in judging the situation from the beginning.

From the beginning, Sirone assumed that everyone in this place was her enemy. Then, in this place where the highest nobility gathered, the combat power of our allies was bound to be limited. It was a typical pattern of guerrilla warfare.

The guard thought that far and asked cautiously.

“Commander, it seems like activating the magic control device… … .”

“What are you asking about, son! Jump right in and activate it!”

Even when Sirone saw the guard running away, he averted his gaze indifferently.

There was not much time left to fight anyway. Half of his consciousness had already gone to the underworld. He couldn't tell if his legs were moving or if he was delusional because his limbs were already torn.

'I'm going to kill you, everyone... … .'

It was only murder and anger.

If I could kill everyone in this place, it wouldn't matter if I died now. As long as I could soothe the anger of having my intestines cut, I didn't have to think about what to do next.

“Cheuk!”

Stopped in the center of the Grand Hall, Sirone bent over and coughed up blood.

Even the durability of Geumgangtae reached its limit. The process of mental collapse was dirtier than any other feeling.

Theoretically, immortal function draws infinite mental power, but the human body has its limits. This was the end.

When Sirone stopped moving, the people stopped as if they had promised. In the silence, crumbs of stone fell from the ceiling.

“Is it over, is it over?”

The people who were fighting Sirone were looking anxious as if they were trapped in one room with a ghost. His eyes were puffy and his face was smeared with sweat.

“Kill! What are you doing! I mean kill it quickly!”

The swordsmen who came to their senses hurriedly corrected their posture and charged Sirone. Dozens of swords flew aiming at every part of the staggering Sirone.

Sirone waited quietly for the end. And, realizing that the end had come, he murmured quietly.

“Halo.”

With a pop of light, a halo was born.

Halo, who was born on top of his head like an angel, drew a perfect circle without even ignoring the creation process. Shocked swordsmen dropped his sword and grabbed his head.

The nobles weren't shocked by Halo's shape. But in a different sense, thinking was paralyzed.

I didn't think it was real because I saw the power that blew up the Colosseum during the day today. Then I finally realized.

When Ataraxia is cast here, the capital disappears without a trace. It was the real end.

Ataraxia's integration speed was more than 10 times faster than the speed demonstrated at the Colosseum. The super-magic amplification circle, which completed the concept in an instant, waited for the end by emitting a brilliant light.

None of the nobles thought of running away.

Even though their armed forces are weak, they have risen to this position with their heads. No one was so stupid that he couldn't judge reality.

No matter how fast you run, you can't go faster than Sirone shooting a photon cannon. If even one person left the door, that moment would be the end of Kazura.

“Sirone… … .”

Amy covered her mouth and burst into tears.

The sight of Sirone staggering was to the point where I couldn't bear to open my eyes. The veins all over his body burst and blood flowed down, and even his dark pupils turned red like a puddle of blood.

Sirone, who arrived at the end of her life, was actually crying. Hot tears of blood flowed endlessly down his cheeks, which were crying like children.

he groaned with his throat closed.

“You… … You bullied me first.”

Amy couldn't help but sit down and sit down.

“You guys tried to kill me. You didn't do anything wrong, but you tried to kill Mom, Dad, and my friends!”

No one responded to Sirone's screams. It was as if they were reflecting on their mistakes, but in reality, everyone was racking their brains over how to get out of this situation.

In particular, Bossun's hair turned faster than anyone else.

I looked at Sirone so funny. no, that doesn't make sense In fact, it is only evaluated as it is. If the level was improved just because he was angry, everyone in the world would become a great wizard. What the hell happened to him?

'Now, even if the garrison arrives, it will be too late. Where did you go wrong? Did we really lose? no. Does it make sense that a kingdom could be destroyed by just one person? It can't be. No, it shouldn't happen.'

Bossun moved his steps cautiously. Then, when Sirone stared into her red eyes, he immediately stopped.

Sirone is currently insane and is holding the annihilation bomb. Negotiation was the only way to survive.

“Okay, okay. Got it. let's talk about it First of all, I apologize for bothering you. I will compensate you in some way. So, get rid of the halo... … .”

“Kneel down.”

Sirone said in a sharp voice.

“Everyone kneel. no one moves There is something I must hear before I put an end to it.”

Bossun blinked and fell to his knees without hesitation. He was not in a situation where he was inclined to emotions as long as the fate of the kingdom was at stake.

“Okay, that’s it. Are you satisfied now?”

Sirone glared at the nobles behind Bossun.

When Bossun turned his head and winked, they began to kneel one by one.

Even Amy and Raina knelt.

Sirone took the initiative with a strategy of annihilation. If you create a situation where he has allies, there will definitely be people who want to take advantage of his weaknesses.

However, Orkamp and Eliza thought otherwise.

Sirone destroyed the Theraze faction. He will become the son of the proud kingdom and lead Kazura from now on.

Eliza approached Sirone with a thrilled expression.

“My son, you saved the kingdom. good job Come here. How proud of you mom... … .”

A photon cannon flew at Eliza's head.

The kneeling Royal Knight jumped out like an animal and hugged her before falling down. As the heavy mass crashed into the wall, a neat hemispherical groove was dug. If a person had been hit, her head would have been blown off.

“Sirone… … .”

Frightened, Eliza shuddered with a pale face. Even now, the afterimage of the photon cannon remained in her retinas.

---------------------------------------