[161] Clay Marsha (5)

“If you come in contact with someone whose magic has been stolen, will the robbery be lifted?”

The fact that there was no answer from Marsha was enough to convince Sirone that this was the correct answer.

Still, the sense of incongruity remained. If the constraints of extortion were contact, then increasing the distance was somewhat understandable.

However, the problem was that Marsha was in an extremely advantageous situation. She stole a lot of magic using god particles, and on the contrary, she has to fight by relying only on one wind cutter.

Isn't that a good enough situation to fight for? Even so, as if frightened, she moved away more than tens of meters.

‘Outside the rules… … .'

Sirone opened his eyes. Everything was now clearly organized in my head.

'found! mental gap. Marsha isn't perfect either.'

When you think about it, it was a simple problem. If you touch it, the extortion is canceled. Who in her world could beat her if she could steal her magic from her opponent simply by her constraints? In the end, there was an additional cost on top of that.

I don't know what price it will cost, but it must have been close to the trauma that created eating out.

'Dietary eaters are beings with mental prejudice. In order to possess such enormous abilities, I have no choice but to risk the trauma of having them in the first place.'

So she can't get close. It's because the odds of having to pay for her have increased enormously at the same time that Sirone has figured out a way to get her extortion revoked.

What she feared was not having her stolen magic taken away again. What was really frightening was the terrible price that occurred at the same time as the extortion was terminated.

'But he must have stolen countless magics. How did you overcome that time?'

The answer to that came quickly. As soon as Sirone found the answer, she immediately attacked Marsha.

It wasn't the time to think. Marsha was dragging her time until reinforcements arrived.

Deprivation of ability obtained at the risk of one's most terrible pain.

As long as there is a risk that Sirone will trigger the cost, Marsha will never fight.

Conversely, if it wasn't for that level of fear, the magic of extortion wouldn't even occur from the start.

Sirone was no longer afraid. There is still plenty of time. He somehow had to capture Marsha before reinforcements arrived.

“Huh!”

Marsha groaned and walked away. Even the slightest distance from her Sirone made her face pale. The playful way of speaking and the charming expressions were no longer visible.

'can do! I can get my magic back!'

Finding a ray of hope, Sirone continued to pursue Marsha. Of course, chasing a wizard who casts teleportation with his feet was close to impossible, but he couldn't stand still in front of a thief who had stolen his life.

“Sirone! Dangerous!"

Hearing Tess' voice, Sirone looked up at the sky. About 10 flashes of light raced through the air with a roar.

Marsha's face finally turned red. On the other hand, Sirone has collapsed to the point of losing even her power to run.

I thought I had enough time. But it was a mistake. The surviving subordinates arrived in an instant using the magic circle.

“Ho-ho-ho! You're finally here. It's over now!”

Around 20 schema users rushed in and surrounded Marsha. It was impossible to penetrate that gap and capture Marsha.

“Sirone… … .”

Amy bit her lip and swallowed her tears.

Will it really end like this? Sirone may have to give up her dream of becoming a wizard.

'Nonsense. I really liked magic. I worked so hard.'

Sirone looked at Marsha as if she had put everything down. It was the most empty face a human being could make.

“Oh, Sirone? why do you look at me like that Oh, because of the magic? are you okay. Since you are young, you can learn from the beginning again. Of course, the magic I stole won't be usable even if it takes a lifetime.”

“You must have stolen the sound magic from someone else too, right?”

“Whoops, that’s right, what. You know, I'm a kleptomaniac. You said you understood me at some point, but why are you suddenly so cheesy? Would you willingly give me 50 silver for pottery but still not give me magic? why? Is it really too much of a waste to give magic to someone after pretending to be nice?”

Amy screamed in anger.

"shut up! How can you say that? What did Sirone do to you so badly!”

How could a person do that? Marsha seemed to be thinking of trampling on his life as well as stealing Sirone's magic.

“Ho-ho-ho! that's what it's called There are no good people in the world. I'm disgusted to die pretending to take care of you in front of you while having all sorts of sinister thoughts on the inside!”

Marsha was cursing the world, but in Sirone's ears, it sounded like she was cursing at only one person.

It was her father.

Marsha was brought in as an orphan and raised until she was seventeen. But how disappointed she must have been when she realized that those long years had been the result of her ugly desires.

That's why eating out is scary. This is because the manifestation of ability itself is based on human trauma.

For an ordinary wizard, omnipotence is the power to reinforce the battery. However, regular eaters distort the battery with their omnipotence.

'Because it's so painful, even the thought is distorted. That's eating out.'

That twisted humanity is embodied in the world by borrowing the power of magic. Now it seemed like I knew why the Magic Association didn't recognize eating out as magic.

“Your sister is a pitiful person.”

Power entered Marsha's eyes. Who the hell is pitying whom?

Sirone, who pretended to embrace the whole world and was robbed of her magic, was a pitiful human being.

"joy! Is it now an excuse? on the subject of trying to kill. Do you think I will look after you?”

“Actually, I don’t even know anymore. How painfully my sister lived.”

"Ho Ho! You finally admit it! Got it now? No one understands the pain of others! That's human nature! There are only bad people in the world.”

"so… … I will go to my sister from now on.”

Marsha's heart sank. can't come here Because he has 20 subordinates protecting him.

“Maybe my sister is right. Maybe it was a pretense. But I still believe that there is a way to share the pain. If your sister really shows her hurt. So I want you to show me I have to see her real pain, not lies.”

“Don’t talk nonsense. Who is sympathetic to the likes of you?”

“I will break the shell that imprisons my sister. And I'll check it myself. How festering your sister’s wounds are.”

"Do not come! Do not come!"

Marsha shouted with a terrified expression. Even if only her feathers were down, it was a painful wound that made her scream. But will she open the wound? She's not even going to dig it with her hands?

“In return, I promise to never give up on you. No matter how painful it is, I will embrace it all.”

The moment Sirone finished speaking, his subordinates drew swords and blocked Marsha's way.

“Never let them come! Cut your throat.”

While staring at the enemies standing like a net, Sirone turned her head and called Lian.

“Lian, stay by my side.”

Lian, who was the most injured among the four, was in a state of difficulty moving. But he got up without a murmur and threw his straight sword over his shoulder.

Tess came running after Lian.

"wait for a sec! I'll do it. Because I was less hurt than Ryan.”

“It’s okay, Tess. This is what my lord ordered me to do.”

“But with a body like this… … .”

Sirone turned to Tess and shook her head.

“Tess, the only one standing by my side has to be Lian. Because I can never ask another person to see blood.”

“Blood, see blood?”

Sirone slowly moved forward and spoke to Lian.

“Rian, cut down all the people who challenge me.”

Lian did not understand Sirone's words. He has been deprived of magic and is in a state where he has difficulty even walking. As it is, if he went into the enemy camp, the only thing waiting for him would be death.

"good. Leave it to me.”

However, Rian obediently followed Sirone and moved on. Black does not judge. If the master ordered it, he had only to risk his life to do it.

Marsha could not control her anger. 

You want to check your wounds? You want to share the pain? It was bullshit, bullshit.

Sirone is just teasing her tongue, doing whatever it takes to get her magic back.

that's human No matter how much you pretend to be kind, in the end, it is human beings who only try to satisfy their own greed.

“Kill! Kill that kid right now!”

At the same time as Marsha's cry, 20 of his subordinates jumped out at the same time. Reinforced by the schema of the schema, they closed the distance in an instant and raised their ugly swords upwards.

Rian firmly gripped the handle of the straight sword. He didn't know how long he could hold out, but he intended to keep going even if his throat was cut off.

The swordsman who was running in the lead jumped up and lowered his longsword toward the crown of Sirone's head. At the same time, Lian also gritted his teeth and prepared to swing his sword.

But at that moment, the swordsman's body suddenly turned into light and soared into the sky.

The noise of the sharp movement of space cut through the heavens.

Marsha stared blankly at the scene. The same was true of Amy and Tess, who were watching nervously from the other side.

“What are you doing! Attack everyone! We will definitely win!”

At the command of the leader, three prosecutors launched simultaneous attacks. However, before they could even swing their swords at Sirone, they turned into light and flew away into the air.

Marsha's lips trembled.

Sirone is approaching. With every step he took, his men roared and flew away.

'what? What the hell is going on?'

The only one who understood the current situation was Amy, the magician. But even she was trembling in her voice.

“Awesome. I knew that my magical senses were incredibly good, but I never thought it would be this much.”

Since when did Sirone predict this moment?

Ever since Marsha's men came? Ever since you realized the constraints of extortion? No, it was probably from when I heard about the wind cutter from Rian.

“What is it, Amy? What is Sirone doing now?”

“That is magic. Slow magic that slows down time.”

It is impossible for anyone other than Sirone to combine a theory that has remained only in omnipotence with omnipotence. To be honest, I didn't expect Amy to make it this far.

That's why Marsha couldn't have expected it either. Sirone's insight, which had lost its power due to being swept away by all sorts of lies and conspiracies, eventually surfaced and swallowed up Marsha's calculations.

“Slow? Is that a slow?”

Tess looked ahead again. From the outside, he couldn't feel much of a change. The moment the enemies approached Sirone, without exception, all they had to do was fly away with a roar.

However, the view of Lian, who belongs to the spirit zone of Sirone, is different.

The moment someone entered Sirone's spirit zone, his body flashed with light and began to move slowly enough to be boring.

Those who have reached sub-light speed can distort John's time. Of course, it wasn't as extreme as Alpheas, but it was enough to double the relativity of time even at Sirone's level.

'what? Can I cut it?'

Rian prepared to swing her sword at the slowly approaching enemy. The eyes of the enemy were terrified. At this rate, he could not escape death. In the end, he left his place through the space-shifting magic on his bracelet.

When the enemy ran away before they could deal with it, Lian snorted as if he was blushing and followed Sirone again.

Meowing! Meowing! Meowing!

The sound unique to space movement could be heard non-stop. Now, there were only three subordinates standing in front of Marsha. But even they left their seats as Sirone approached.

Alone again, Marsha trembled with a pale face. Only her terrifying visions were replaying.

"Do not come! If you come, you will die! If I die, I can never get my magic back!”

---------------------------------------