[722] The world we live in (3)

When Kai fired a signal flare, the same flare from the other side of the mountain responded.

Kai said as he buried the shell of the flare in the ground.

“Hehe, but they gave the signal that they were on the same side. perhaps… … Circumstances have changed and he may have had no choice but to kill him.”

To deceive Kai, he would have had no choice but to give signal flares like the other Black participants.

'I guess that's what I want to believe.'

Sirone did not bother to reveal his thoughts.

Just by looking at the magician's decision to exchange for a high-end card with his special ability, it meant that he already knew it.

“Are you okay? If the same black team cheats, it will be dangerous in the final game.”

"no one… … I don't care about my life.”

Kai turned his head with a dark expression.

“When my parents died, the chief of Black told me to take care of myself. He said he didn't care if he died."

Black was a world of survival of the fittest.

“In the Black Zone, if you don't need it, you have to die. But his brother spared him. I have to do something to be on the same side. I will collect advanced cards.”

White would have voted for it.

'Reasonable is always right... … .'

The child's earnestness, struggling to survive, could not be said to be wrong either.

'Kai can't go white. Then I have to fight in black.'

After waiting for about 20 minutes, three black participants emerged from the bushes.

They approached only to the distance where they could identify friends and family, looked at their son-in-law, and smiled at Kai.

“Hey, Kai. Did you do the right thing?”

Kai staggered back at the words that clearly felt life-threatening, but the leader of the black team stopped his colleagues.

"Wait a minute. There is one more.”

She wanted to avoid a battle as much as possible, so Sirone waited where they could see them.

"He's the one who eliminated Pharoah."

Death could not be determined in any case until the law of white black was over.

"Kai! How dare you trick us!”

A member of the black team pulled out a card, and at the same time Kai shook his hands vigorously.

"no! I'm a seeker! It's our team now!”

“A seeker?”

When the black team asked, Sirone took out a job card and walked over to Kai's side.

“I can choose the law. And now it's the black team. As long as Kai is safe, I have no intention of changing it.”

It's hard to believe it right away, but they were tired of experiencing the remoteness of the White District.

“Hmph, like hypocrites. Are you still living while voting? Hey, go check it out.”

A member of the black team who approached cautiously checked the seeker card and backed off in the same motion.

"Are you sure. Currently, it is the black team.”

“Hmm, seeker. I thought you were a wizard.”

In any case, it was good that Black had a strong person who evaded the armed bomb and eliminated Pharoah.

"so… … Which card are you going to deal with?”

Kai deftly held up his S-rank card.

“This is the CPR we got. I want to exchange it for two S-rank cards or four A-rank cards.”

"CPR?"

It was definitely a card with great value, so even the black team's eyes changed.

“How did you get it?”

Sirone said.

“I got it. As you can guess, I am a wizard. You can use magic without the law of white black.”

If true, the victory or defeat of this survival test was already leaning towards black, but the fact that he was a seeker was at stake.

'shit! There was a wizard on the white side?'

Although the population of White Black is small, it is not that there are no people who have realized the Spirit Zone.

“Then why were you in White? It’s normal when you already burn the earth and come over to black.”

“That is for me to judge. You're on the black team anyway, right? A deal, are you going to do it or not?”

After the black team exchanged whispers, the leader pulled out a card and came closer than before.

“I present one S-rank and two A-rank. We have Medios mages, ties, and act city zombies.”

Kai murmured with a surprised expression.

“The mage of Medios… … .”

It was an S rank, and it was an effective possession card in battle.

Medios mage (possession)

Description: It is said that fallen mages spend their entire lives in exile in Medios.

Effect: Can cast powerful magic for 60 seconds. Cooldown 360 seconds.

Current wait time: 0 seconds.

'If only I had that card... … .'

It was a card like a lifeline to Kai.

"Wait a minute. What we offer is two S-ranks or four A-ranks. One S-class card and two A-class cards don’t count, right?”

“No, it will never be a losing trade. Even if it's A-rank, there's a bond. If it were Kai, would you know?"

Bonding (Functional).

Explanation: Trust is proportional to time and inversely proportional to distance.

Effect: Doubles the activation time of the card you have.

Seeing the effect, Sirone's eyes shone.

'I see. When combined with a bond, the possession time of the Medios mage increases to 120 seconds.'

It also meant that the value of CPR was high.

City Zombie (summoned) upon act.

Description: The zombie avalanche that occurred in Act City turned out to be an evolution, not a mutation.

Effect: 20 objects. fast and powerful Break the head, or break everything except the head.

Special Ability: Infection. If you get bitten, you become a zombie.

The zombies during the last act confirmed would also be a reliable ally to Kai.

“How are you, bro? Shall we trade?”

At Kai's clever question, Sirone also pretended to be worried for a while, then nodded.

"good. Because getting a lot of weapons is important.”

"for a moment. I have something to check before that.”

The leader of the black team held out his hand.

“Show me Kai's job card. To be prepared for any unforeseen contingencies. I won’t even reveal my job.”

The leader's job was a thief and his special ability was a pickpocket.

'The ability to rob a card when the opponent enters within a 2 meter radius without being aware of it.'

If it was a function of the law, there could be a situation where you couldn't feel the presence, but there were no cards to be taken away anyway.

'The problem is Kai.'

The magician's special ability magic card can change only one card into any card.

Therefore, there was no room to change the job card now that the old copper shield was replaced with CPR.

"What are you doing? Reveal your job card soon.”

The corners of Kai's smiling lips trembled.

"great. But there is a condition. It's just me and the two of us checking it out. If you get close, the pickpocket will start.”

Although there are no cards, bluffing is also part of a tactic, so Kai's proposal was reasonable.

'But you won't have the talent to fool the black team. Is there a strategy you haven't told me?'

Kai turned to Sirone and said.

"Do not worry. I'll finish it soon.”

Kai, who reassured Sirone in a very mature way, faced the leader of the black team in the middle of the clearing.

“First, check the card.”

“Here are three chapters. Now show me your job card and CPR. You must show them together.”

"Sure. Here you are."

Occupation was a magician.

However, the gesture of holding the card in front of his eyes was so nonchalant that the leader felt cognitive dissonance for a moment.

'What are you, a magician? What, a magician?'

CPR is fake.

“This child… … !”

Just when the belated anger was about to blow away his reason, Kai shouted as he snatched the card from the leader's hand.

"brother! Run quickly! I will stop you!”

The moment when Kai, who found the mage of Medios, was about to shout while holding up his card.

“Gagging!”

The leader's dagger stabbed Kai in the stomach.

“Damn you son of a bitch… … trick me?”

"Kai!"

As Sirone kicked the ground and approached, the leader who took the card from Kai immediately activated Medios' mage.

“Magical Fire!”

Blue light shimmered from the body of the leader possessed by the mage, and a huge fireball fell from the sky.

“Activate! Zombies in action!”

“Goooooooooooo!”

Twenty zombies were summoned and charged at Sirone with great speed.

“These children… … !”

The remaining two members of the Black Team joined the battle as the photon cannons blew the zombies' heads off.

“Activate! The clamor of the live burial!”

The clamor of the live burial.

Description: The people of Kvashtra Village have been buried alive by a mad lord.

Their voices catch the footsteps of the living.

Effect: Constrain the opponent for 2 seconds after activation.

“Oohhhh!”

As the ghosts of the dead appeared from the ground and grabbed her ankles, zombies from all directions gathered at Sirone.

'Broad!'

The black team's giant body flew away while zombies' arms and legs splattered like shrapnel in the light curtain.

'Special ability. werewolf.'

Hair began to sprout from the body of the giant with the Druid class card, and the long snout flared open.

“Aaaaaang!”

The weapon card caught on the tip of the wolf's claw shone.

wild action.

Description: Anyone can become overzealous.

Effect: Exactly reproduces the action you imagine. However, safety cannot be guaranteed.

“Can I really avoid it?”

The werewolf's flamboyant movements recreating the scene in his head penetrated Sirone's loophole.

'Choeni Bardo!'

Everyone on the Black Team widened their eyes as the sharp fingernail passed the spot where Sirone had been.

"what?"

The fact that the effects of the clamor for burial were gone before they were over meant that the law was not violated.

"damn! Where did you disappear... … !”

The moment the leader turned his body, the photon cannons that rained down like shotguns pounded the entire black team.

“Gagging! Kuck!”

Sirone ran to Kai without even having time to look after the Black Team, who flew off almost simultaneously and collapsed on the grass.

"Kai! Wake! Kai!"

Kai opened his eyes with the spot where the dagger had been lodged red with blood.

"brother… … sorry."

“… … why?"

Why?

“Why didn't you ask for help? You know I'm a wizard, right? Why did you do such a stupid thing?”

Kai shook his head with difficulty.

"I don't know. just… … I was scared.”

"what? What were you so afraid of?”

"I'm afraid my brother will be disappointed."

Sirone was speechless.

“I was trying to help somehow… … sorry. Shouting out loud like an idiot, doing nothing... … .”

He seemed to know what he wanted to say.

“You don't have to talk anymore. Let’s start with treatment.”

“My brother saved me… … I wanted to be acknowledged... … I'm afraid of being suspicious by my brother... … .”

“Don't tell me! Blood keeps coming out!”

"sorry… … brother."

Kai's head fell to the side, and the heartbeat in his panting chest calmed down.

"Kai! Kai!"

what is this world

The paradox of white black is that there is no way to go back from black to white.

'The true good is... … .'

Doesn't differentiate between good and evil.

Deep in thought, Sirone placed Kai's corpse in a cozy forest.

Sirone's eyebrows curled sadly as he looked at Kai's job card that he had been holding until the end.

Magician: One who deceives most of them.

It must have been the feeling that a child abandoned by the world wanted to protect for the first time in his life.

"CPR."

Sirone gently placed the job card on the back of Kai's hands, which were folded neatly.

"wait. I'll come pick you up right away.”

What is the probability that there will be CPR among the hundred cards created by the harmony of white and black?

“No, it must be.”

While glaring at the moon of the law, Sirone's body turned into a flash of light and soared into the night sky.

---------------------------------------