[107] To daily life (2)

From Sirone's point of view, not much time had passed. After entering Immortal Function, he met a woman and all he did was get out through a black hole. But in reality, it had already been 10 days.

Sirone smiled awkwardly and raised his hand.

"haha. hi?"

“Sounds like hello, you jerk!”

“Aww!”

Amy turned Sirone's face into a fist. There was no shock from her, but Shirone, who collapsed on the bed pushed by her power, looked back with a teary face.

"ouch! What's wrong all of a sudden?"

Amy shed tears like chicken droppings.

“You bastard, worrying me like this… … You bastard!”

Sirone put on a blank expression. Everything was rushed and embarrassing. But he soon realized something and smiled warmly. Amy's tears spoke of what had happened.

"Sorry. because of me… … .”

“Sirone is back!”

Nade and Iruki pushed Amy forward and buried Sirone in the bed. Amy, unintentionally thrown into Shirone's arms, shouted with her blushing face.

“Kyaaak! Hey, go away!”

"OMG! it hurts! It hurts!”

Sirone also screamed in pain. In fact, it was more embarrassing than painful. Thinking that he wouldn't be able to look at Amy later, he twisted as hard as he could, and his friends fell to the ground.

“Whoa, what the hell is it?”

Sitting on the bed, Sirone looked like a refugee who had been bombed. On the floor, Amy, who had fallen, was caressing her sore back and nagging Nade and Iruki.

“It’s a grandiose welcome. After all, being young is good.”

Sirone looked at Alfeas and corrected her expression. His presence alone made it clear how serious the situation was.

Sirone asked Nade what he was most curious about.

“What happened to Arcane? What about other friends? What the hell happened?”

Nade, who had been nagging Amy, shouted with an absurd expression.

“It doesn't matter now! You've been dead for ten days!”

"what? 10 days? Is it dead too?”

“Of course not, man! My heart is not beating, how can I be alive? Please explain what happened.”

Sirone seemed shocked and couldn't speak for a while. She should tell you what she's been through, but he doesn't know where to start.

The door to the infirmary opened and the teachers entered. Shiina makes a surprised expression when she sees that Shirone is awake. She was, of course, someone who prayed earnestly for her to come back to life, but when she saw her, she was shocked.

Although she did not realize infinity like Sirone, she had a vague idea of ​​how terrible and painful it is for a human being to come back from a disintegrated mind.

'Still, you're back. Thank you.'

Shiina smiled and glanced sideways at Etella. She was the one who had been haunted by her immense guilt for 10 days. As expected, she approached Sirone with a face about to cry.

“Sirone.”

“Sir, I am sorry. I again... … .”

Etella hugged Sirone to her chest without even hearing her words.

"sorry. It's my fault. Even if you paid a little more attention. It will never happen again.”

To the friends, it was a beautiful hug between the priests, but from the point of view of Sirone, it was to die for. Ethella hugged her so tightly that she couldn't breathe. Her shame aside, she really felt like she was suffocating.

“I-over there, sir… … .”

"huh?"

“Sorry. Help me."

“Oh my!”

Ethella hurriedly removed herself when she heard a snort from Sirone.

"sorry. I'm so happy that I don't even know... … .”

Sirone drew in a breath with a tired face. But this feeling was also temporal. The fact that he came back is just as good, he said with a smile.

“Now I feel like I’m back.”

Realizing her mistake as her friends' eyes widened, Sirone hurriedly shook her hand.

“No, I’m not like that because of that. So this... … .”

“You son of a bitch, what are you doing?”

Amy ran over and pulled Sirone's cheek.

"why? Am I not that realistic? huh?"

"no! Because that's not what I meant!”

Nade and Iruki burst into laughter. Alpheas watched with delight as Sirone was hanging out with her friends, then sneaked out of her infirmary without anyone noticing. From now on, the person to be busiest was himself.

"principal."

When I looked back, Sirone, who had escaped before I knew it, was closing the door of the infirmary and walking. 

“What is it? I think it's best to rest for a while. Listen to the progress from your friends. It seems that schools will be closed for the time being anyway.”

“Yes, thank you for caring. however… … I have a question for you.”

"huh? Are you curious?”

Sirone told everything about what she had been through. From the moment he entered the realm of infinity to how he returned to his original world through a black hole.

At first, Alpheas also listened with interest. But as the story progressed, he gradually hardened his face. Especially when Sirone explained the woman's abilities, she closed her eyes and sighed.

“Did she say she knew me?”

"yes. I asked the principal to say hello. It's a hazy memory, but I think that's how I heard it."

I wondered if Sirone had brought up something useless. Alpheas' expression was much worse than expected.

“Yeah, I think you know who it is.”

"yes? You know?”

Sirone's eyes widened. Alpheas is obviously an excellent wizard, but the woman was staying in a place beyond life. It was strange that he had met two people who lived in different worlds.

However, Alpheas thought differently. Necessity, not coincidence. It was decided that Shirone met her from the moment he realized her immortal function.

“Who the hell is that woman?”

“Adrias Miro. At the time, it was called the Labyrinth of Time and Space. He is my disciple who majored in scale magic.”

Sirone put on a blank expression. He never dreamed that he would have been a disciple of Alpheas. She was particularly shocked when she found out that her powers, which she thought were divine powers, were actually magic.

“What is scale magic?”

Alpheas scratched his eyebrows as he chose the words to explain.

“Sirone. In the wizarding community, those who have reached the immortal function are called Unlockers.”

"yes. I have heard of it.”

“Then it would be easy. The maze is also an unlocker. Ever since I was little, I had a great sense of inquiry. She dug endlessly. A world larger than the universe, a world smaller than a particle. Scale magic is magic that can only be used by those who have realized the infinity of time and space.”

Sirone remembered the time she met Miro. Certainly, her main ability, the glass marble, freely expressed the relativity of time and space.

“Miro said he had been watching me all along. Is that possible?”

“No need to worry. Miro is staying in a different dimension from you. However, when the immortal function is opened, it may instantly reach the same dimension. Miro must have been waiting for that moment.”

“But why did it have to be me? Unlockers are rare, but according to Arcane, I've heard that they're not too few. There must be many unlockers who are better than me.”

Alpheas stroked his beard and took a break. What I am going to tell you about now is a top secret that no one knows except for teachers who have worked for more than 20 years.

“Miro is the first president of the Supernatural Psychic Research Society.”

Sirone recalled Miro's face. It is surprising that he is the one who created the research society he is currently in, but he seems to have hardly aged even though he was the first president almost 20 years ago.

“Miro is not obsessed with phenomena. I saw that there are so many things that cannot be explained with knowledge. Together with his classmates, he opened a research society in Istas. Mikea Gaold, the current head of the Tormia Magic Association, is also one of the early members.”

Sirone imagined the members at the time. According to Nade, the master key of the magic warehouse, Estas, was created by the same Servant as Iruki. It wouldn't be Maze, and it wouldn't be Gaold either. I could roughly guess how talented the early members were.

While Sirone was lost in thought, Alfeas also recalled what happened 18 years ago. He was a good kid. If only it wasn't for the events of that day. Suddenly realizing that he had forgotten something, he looked back at Sirone.

“Sirone, do you know how many students there are in total?”

As if he didn't ask to hear an answer, Alpheas immediately continued.

“Of course, the total number is always changing. Because someone graduates, takes a leave of absence, and gets disciplined. But no matter how many members there are, this school always lacks one person.”

Alpheas turned his head out the window and said.

“Miro didn’t graduate. I am still staying at this school.”

Sirone swallowed his saliva. It was like hearing a ghost story passed down from school to school. But what does it mean to stay? Didn't she say that she lived in another dimension?

At that moment, the scale magic appeared in Shirone's head.

“Then please… … ?”

Alpheas nodded and said.

"okay. The labyrinth is in Estas. Of course, it is a higher dimension created by scale magic. People who know it call it the Upper Level.”

Alpheas put his hand on Sirone's shoulder. 

“Sirone, promise me. I decided not to tell anyone about today. The upper echelons are not for you to know. Never, never get involved in the upper echelons. It could throw the world into chaos.”

Sirone did not immediately respond. the world of unknown. unlocker. scale magic. All the information was shaking his mind. Of course, I have no intention of stepping into a dangerous place. But to say he would never get involved would be a lie in any way.

Alpheas sighed as if he knew that.

“If you want to know more about the maze, I will at least allow you to investigate the Kergo Ruins. I am not suggesting this to placate you. It's too dangerous to break into the upper levels right away. So please keep this.”

Sirone then nodded. There must have been a reason for Alpheas to be so strict. Also, it was the same that he wanted to approach step by step. 

"all right. But he is spooked to think that he is staying in Istas. I don't think he'll be able to sleep at the study meeting. He might appear out of nowhere.”

“Don’t worry. Miro will never leave the space he created.”

Sirone tilted her head. Being so sure meant having a way to prove it.

“But you are a very good person. Is there any special reason?”

Alpheas looked out the window with a sad expression. He didn't say anything with certainty. But he knew the maze would never return.

“To Miro, this world is... … Because it hurts so much.”

* * *

Alpheas, Canis, and Arin left for Basuka, the capital, to be investigated by the Magic Association. According to the teachers, the temporary closure will continue until the association's decision is made.

Sirone was admitted to the infirmary. He hadn't had a heartbeat for 10 days, so it was the medical staff's judgment to watch the progress. Sirone also didn't want to do anything for the time being, so he was killing time with his friends.

“Sirone, I’m sorry. I was very sad.”

Seriel said with a tearful smile. The one thing she regrets the most after she regains her memory is that she savagely pushed him the day Sirone bought her coffee.

"no. It's because of magic. Seriel sunbaenim didn’t do anything wrong.”

“Anyway, how could I forget you?”

“It’s really okay. Don't take it to heart too much.”

Seriel's eyes softened like those of a deer.

“Sirone is really friendly. So what are you going to do now? Are you going to claim my body?”

"yes?"

---------------------------------------