[375] Volume 16 - Senior Class Information Session (3)

* * *

After The Courage of Truth ended, an elderly teacher walked from the graduating class building.

It was Collie, the head teacher of the graduating class.

“Is the event over?”

It is rare for advanced classes to see the face of a senior class teacher, but Collie was a familiar figure in Class Three.

It was because when Alfeas resigned from the principalship for six months due to the Arcane incident, he briefly served as the temporary principal during the hiatus until Olivia took over.

Although it is an official 6th grade, it was recognized for its achievements in the teaching profession for decades, so it could be said that its ability is lower than that of Shiina, Etela, and Sade, which focus on skill.

In any organization, there are people who hold executive positions at a young age, and there are also managers and department heads in later years.

None of the students were vigilant, however, as they should be considered superior to young teachers in terms of evaluating their abilities.

"nice to meet. My name is Collie, the head teacher of the senior class.”

"hello!"

The students in Class Two were more energetic than in Class Three.

“From now on, we will have a briefing session for the senior class. Class Three will follow me, and Class Two will enjoy a short break. Do you understand even if I don’t talk anymore?”

Class Two's face turned pale. However, this was also the authority of those who experienced it first, so he did not hesitate to make a statue to die for.

Collie led Class Three to the meeting room on the first floor of the building.

It was empty and a bit cold.

After 10 students sat around the edge of the long table, Collie went up to the podium on the other side.

“From now on, there will be no time for you to learn anything at school.”

The sound of conversation disappeared at Collie's one word.

“Basic education ended in the advanced class, and the senior class only serves as a link between the school and society. The most important thing here is whether or not your skills will work in real life.”

i get through

Everyone was thinking the same thing.

“You were born with different talents than normal people, and that is why you were not treated as children who needed to be taken care of at school. These words may not be humane, but if you die in class, 50% of the responsibility lies with you. If expressing it in numbers is ambiguous, let me tell you this. For your death, the school compensates but does not take responsibility.”

This is what I heard at the magic school admissions meeting. However, Collie's words were much more explicit.

“And the senior year is different. 100%, you are responsible for your life. From now on, this place will not be a school, but as a cooperative institution of the Kingdom Magic Association, it will only determine whether or not you can immediately be put into the field with a sense of power.”

Collie held out a card.

“What I am seeing now is the evaluation teacher certificate issued by the Graduation Examination Registrar. Starting today, all evaluations I record are codified and submitted to the association. In addition, all organizations under the World Red Line have exclusive access to this information.”

An unknown chill hung over me. The things I did in the advanced class no longer remained in my memory.

“Then, from now on, I will explain the senior class schedule.”

When the gold thread was pulled, the tent with the graduation grade evaluation items schematically drawn came down.

“The contents written here are the senior class schedule. It runs for a total of 30 weeks, and each week six events are evaluated in rotation.”

Pandora raised her hand.

“Can I take notes?”

"Can not be done. The first day evaluation is a person-to-person battle. Thirty seniors switch opponents each week, with 3 points for a win, 1 point for a draw and 0 points for a loss. In other words, you will compete against everyone once for 29 weeks. There is no PvP in the final week 30. This is because it can adversely affect the graduation exam.”

Boyle raised his hand.

"I have a question. You said that a draw is worth one point. Can a draw come out of a match?”

“The one whose mental strength gauge reaches 0 is the loser. However, if it becomes 0 at the same time or if there is no winner within the 10-minute time limit, it will be treated as a draw, and each player will receive 1 point.”

'As expected, there is a time limit.'

There were also majors in the senior class who were not specialized in combat, so it was Sirone who thought that he was optimistic about interpersonal combat.

However, if the strategy was structured defensively, there was a possibility of getting a point by holding out for 10 minutes.

“Day 2 Assessment, Mental Activity. The place is the Image Zone training ground. A geometric filter made of holograms approaches every 3 seconds. You just need to transform the spirit zone so it passes through a filter so it doesn't touch the hologram. The difficulty level increases every week, and the score is paid differentially from 5 to 0 depending on the number of successes.”

'Ugh, that must be really difficult.'

Sirone also rescued hostages in Baska's Gold City by transforming the Spirit Zone. However, it was definitely a difficult task as durability was a strong point.

On the other hand, Arin was relaxed. As the mental fluidity of a spirit-type mage was unmatched, it must have been a not so difficult event.

Knowing that fact, Kanis also leaned in and whispered, 'That must get a perfect score.'

Of course, Arin nodded meekly.

“Day 3, tactical strategy. group evaluation. Six groups are organized according to rankings from 1st to 30th, and 5 members of the same group will face simulation monsters at the Icheon-beon training ground. The first group to complete the task gets 5 points, and the last group to complete the task gets 0 points.”

Even with a short explanation, the students realized the seriousness of the situation.

A rule that always results in 0 points.

and joint responsibility.

If you cut them in order of ranking, you can see that the level is similar, but even within the same group, the responsibility will be covered. Conflicts between members are bound to arise.

Of course, it was natural that the probability of this was high in the group that received 0 points.

“Day 4, strengthening the main skill. 20 evaluation items are prepared according to the major. Each item is classified into 10 levels, and 1 point is obtained for each level. For reference, the 10th level of difficulty for the 'heat amount' item of the flame series is 1,000 degrees Celsius.”

'Master difficulty is 1,000 degrees Celsius?'

It's not student level difficulty.

Of course, Amy reached Thousand City during vacation, but it was thanks to Hongan's ability to remove entropy.

'After all, it's a professional-level achievement.'

“Duplicate acquisition is impossible as much as strengthening the main specialty. When a certain level is reached, the score of the previous level is erased. You will register for your major at the personal interview tomorrow, so decide carefully.”

'That's right... … .'

If you pass Master Difficulty and get 10 points, you can't get any more points. However, as the score can be adjusted arbitrarily and a high score is possible even in the beginning, it was an event that will be a major variable in the competition.

“Day 5, cognition and judgment. The place is a virtual zone. Everyone must have experienced it during the entrance ceremony test.”

Sirone was also tested in the Virtual Zone. He counted balls and talked about feeling cold and hot.

“But the senior year is on a different level. You will experience extreme conditions. Depending on each person's judgment, the key is how long they survive. This is also paid differentially from 5 to 0 depending on the level.”

Sirone rubbed his face. The other students who confidently passed through the steel gate also had dark faces.

“Day 6 evaluation. battery implementation. This is also done in the Virtual Zone. For example, in an environment of minus 27 degrees Celsius, if the problem arises to raise the temperature to 3 degrees Celsius, you can solve it by using the 36 basic magic rules specified by the association.”

Battery implementation was also difficult for Sirone.

Of course, I passed 80 points in all subjects in the theory test, but I couldn't say that I was competitive because other students were the same anyway.

“Here are the six evaluation items to be completed in a week. Points are earned by rotating this over 30 weeks, and the rankings are rearranged daily according to the overall score.”

thud! thud! As Collie finished speaking, several students banged their foreheads on the table.

Sirone also folded her arms and lay down.

I just wanted to sleep.

'Is this the first week evaluation? Amy, how did you last a year here? No, how did you get the idea to do this again?'

Collie said with a smile.

“If you want to rest, rest. Because you are semi-pro But if this is too much for you, you won’t be able to graduate.”

The students' upper bodies slowly stood up. Yes, let's hear what else there is, these were the eyes.

“There is such a thing as overall evaluation. It is held on the last holiday of each 4-week unit, and the items are almost the same as the graduation exam, 'person-to-person combat', 'occupying the hill', 'management operation', 'special move', 'survival', and 'tactical strategy'.”

It was like a mock exam for a graduation exam.

“The overall evaluation is free to organize groups. You can team up with anyone you want. If you win the overall rating, you get 20 points. Conversely, the loser loses 20 points.”

The students were agitated by the awesome score quota.

If you gain 20 points and take 20 points away from your opponent, you will eventually be able to widen the gap by 40 points.

'This… … It's too cruel.'

Amy wasn't exaggerating when she said welcome to hell.

“Assuming a perfect score in all subjects by the 30th week, the highest score an individual can obtain is 87 points in interpersonal combat, 150 points in mental activity, 150 points in tactical strategy, 150 points in cognition and judgment, 200 points in strengthening special skills, and omniscience. Add 300 implementation points for a total of 1,037 points.”

Numbers started spinning in the students' heads.

“In addition, if you win all six evaluations, you add 120 points to the conclusion that 1,157 points are perfect. According to statistics, the average score for graduation is 1,000 points.”

“One thousand points… … .”

Sirone opened his mouth blankly. It was possible to achieve 86.4 percent of the total score quota.

“Because the evaluation is conducted every day except holidays, the ranking also changes every day according to the score. In the beginning, the level of difficulty is low, so there won't be much flexibility, but as the level progresses, it's common to jump around. This is the one-year journey you will undertake.”

A solemn silence hung over the meeting room.

'One thousand points? Uneasy. It's really not easy.'

It wasn't just about being good at fighting or having exceptional talent.

Everything a wizard should have is evaluated.

“Then I will tell you the most important one last.”

The eyes of the students turned to Collie again.

“In two days, the graduating class schedule will begin and assessments will be conducted for 30 weeks. And you... … .”

Collie, who had put down the baton, said with her hands behind her back.

“We reserve the right to reject all these evaluations.”

The meeting room seemed to be buzzing with the sound of my heart.

“So, you mean you can give up the evaluation?”

"Yes. Strictly speaking, the score obtained in the evaluation does not affect the success or failure of the graduation exam. Even if you don't get evaluated, if you pass the test, you graduate.”

Sabina asked.

“Are there any restrictions in case of refusal of evaluation?”

“There are no specific restrictions, but students who refuse evaluation are restricted from entering the training ground.”

“Hmm… … Do not spectate.”

You can't see the opponent's ability with your own eyes.

However, as there were cliques in the last graduation exam, even if only one person belonged to it, it was possible to devise a strategy, so it was not a restriction.

Nade asked.

“Then what are the advantages of being evaluated?”

“You seem to be misunderstanding something. I said semi-pro. This is not homework. There are no pros and cons of not doing it. The judgment is yours.”

Colli, who was on the podium, showed his face.

“On the day of the graduation exam, scouts are dispatched from red line associations around the world. If you become one of the top 5 prestigious schools, it should be considered that scouts from dozens of countries are watching.”

The pupils' eyes shone intensely.

“Under red line regulations, the school is obliged to provide your profile. From a scout's point of view, it adds to the depth of judgment, but if the evaluation score is messed up, it will be poison. this is such a problem It is a choice about how each of you will lead your life, not your school.”

'I see. Graduation is not everything from now on.'

Red Line operates a trade system to prevent affiliated wizards from leaving the line.

Of course, the first priority negotiation right is held by the association, but it was not a problem to pay the transfer fee and take it in case the negotiations broke down.

What major would you like to work in? And finally, what do you achieve in your life?

From the moment she entered her senior year, her life as a wizard had already begun.

“This concludes the presentation. There is a personal interview tomorrow, so choose your major carefully today.”

---------------------------------------