[24] Cold Boy and Hot Girl (3)

Jake felt his blood run backwards. The effort of waiting hours to see Amy was insulted.

“A girl like you… … ! Kut!”

Jake closed his mouth and shrank. Amy was already in the Spirit Zone. Probably the target type in all directions.

“A girl like you? Do I look so ridiculous for such a slick topic? If you're that pissed off, go for it. I will burn it with fire right now.”

Jake gritted his teeth. It was a mistake to think that he was a model student selling his studies. She was also a bad boy who wandered around her back alleys from a young age.

“Use of magic at this time is against the rules.”

“You must have used magic first, right? While you warm up that civet or something.”

"crazy! I think it's the same way everywhere... … !”

"haha!"

Amy couldn't help but burst into laughter. At least it was such a small person. A small person who gets scared when he opens his power. She was like most men she met.& nbsp;

“Do you know why I accepted Sirone's coffee? The kid seems to be responsible for everything himself. Like you, he does what he can, before talking about family and rules. If you don't disappear right away, I'll burn it. It won't even leave a trace."

Jake was sure. It wasn't a lie. The red face of the Karmis family, which I had only heard about through rumors. Her large eyes were burning red.

“If you kill me… … .”

"doesn't care. I am also responsible for what I did.”

Jake snapped his molars. It was the first time I had experienced such severe humiliation.

However, in the face of Hongan's intimidation, even Jake, the wretch of the world, had no choice but to backtrack.

It was in a state of being captured by Amy's four ways. He would have been able to set himself on fire with almost absolute probability if he was the first in Class Four.

“We’ll see, cheeky bitch!”

Jake gritted his teeth and strode out of the library. Only after he disappeared from sight did the red eyes lose their light. Amy, who stumbled for a moment, muttered as she rubbed her eyes.

"it's annoying. Unlucky.”

When I tried to rest after a long time, I met a beggar-like human and wasted my time. That fact was unbearably irritating. Because time once passed cannot be returned.

Why are all the men clinging to each other like that? She wondered if there was something wrong with her own personality.

A smile escaped from Amy's lips.

“Well, there are a lot of problems.”

It was Amy who suddenly felt sorry for Sirone.

* * *

After escaping from Amy's slavery, Sirone was happy every day. There is a saying 'Because it exists and does not exist.' Studying became even more enjoyable when he realized how precious an hour stolen by Amy was.

Because of a scandal with the most sassy girl in school, he had to suffer from people's eyes, but no one cared about it in the library. This passion for learning was the driving force that made Alpheas Magic School a prestigious school.

After finishing class today, Sirone was on her way to the library humming a song. Then, I found a familiar face near the teachers' quarters.

It was Amy's friend, Fortress Seriel. Shirone turned around when she saw her restlessly wandering around, as if she was in a hurry to go to the bathroom.

It was just a greeting during the integrated class, but personally, he was a likable person. This is because he always gave words of encouragement, unlike Amy who would growl at just looking at her. Of course, he still had no idea what he was rooting for.

Seeing Sirone walking, Seriel widened her eyes. Then, as if he had seen a ghost, he put on a dazed expression and began to run away in a huff.

“Senior, hello… … .”

"hey! what are you doing now?”

Seriel grabbed Sirone by the collar and shook it.

“Why are you here! If I had known this, I wouldn't have sent Amy away!”

Sirone tilted her head. She knew that she went straight to her library after work.

“What is it? You have to talk to know.”

“Read this! Are you really okay?”

Seriel held out the crumpled paper. Sirone took it silently and unfolded it. It was a brief warning message from the sender, the Black Magician.

30 minutes ago. 

A man blocked Amy and Seriel's way to the library.

A student in Class Five, over 23 years old, a long-term grad student. I knew him by name because we were in the same class a year ago, but he had a sullen personality and we hadn't talked to him.

“Hello, senior. You are still on a winning streak.”

At the man's smirk and respectful attitude, Amy snorted and moved on.

“I’m busy, so get out of the way. I have nothing to say.”

“Ah, you can’t do that. Still, we were classmates at one time, so please take a moment.”

“Did you have a classmate like me? There will be hundreds of students who have passed through Class Five, so let’s look for other kids.”

Although he is respectful considering his age, he could not hide the thorns in his heart. I hated this man. If it was Class Five, it wasn't that they didn't have any talent at all, but they were focused on other things. What kind of conversation would you have with a human being who touches female juniors while settling in a suitable position?

"haha! You're still being rude, Amy.”

Amy's eyes filled with poison.

"what? What did you say now?”

I treated him considering his age, and he was trying to rise to the top of his head. However, the man calmly handed over a note to see if there was a corner to believe.

“The boss asked to see you. You'd better follow what they say. Unless you want to make the prince suffer.”

"Prince? What are you talking about?"

Ei frowned and took the note and read it.

I have sirone. Come to the 14th training ground by 6:00 before making it impossible to act as a man. If you inform the teacher, something you will regret for the rest of your life will happen, so take care of yourself.

Black Magician.

Then he crumpled up the note right away.

"whatever? Sirone has nothing to do with me. Even if it has something to do with it, do you think I will obey you guys?”

"Huh, that's up to you to figure out. I am just a messenger.”

The man who successfully completed the mission showed a mean smile and walked away leisurely.

In a fit of anger, Amy threw the note on the floor. Seriel, who picked it up, also read her contents and his hands trembled.

Black Magician. Although the reality was not revealed, it was a rumored rogue circle among students.

“Amy, what should I do? these are really bad I heard that the reason Tyra dropped out last month was because of them.”

“Are you Tyra?”

Class Four's classmate, Tyra, was not at the level of her senior year, but she was a strong person who maintained above-average grades. If he had threatened her like that, it must have been that many of her jumped on her or made a cowardly move.

“I have to go first. Anyway, it's because of me that Sirone was captured.”

"I'd rather tell the teacher. I'm worried about Sirone, but you might be in danger too.”

"teacher? hmm… … .”

Amy was troubled. It's her own past Even so, Shirone had a secret about her origin that would be difficult to reveal to others.

If the incident grows, rumors will spread throughout the school, and Sirone's school life may be over. She could be sure because she knew better than anyone the nobles' sense of privilege.

“I will go first. If you don't come back by 7, then report to the teacher.”

“What do you mean? Do I need to tell you right away?”

"Sorry. There's a reason for that. I'll tell you everything when I get back, huh?"

Seriel was embarrassed when Amy, who was always confident, asked for something like this. It was her first time dating her.

“Then come with me. You don't know how many there are?"

“You should stay and be prepared for any emergency. don't worry. Perhaps the leader is Jake. You can't do anything about me with that human ability.”

Seriel knew Amy's genius better than anyone else. It was only blocked by the barrier of the senior class, but strictly speaking, even if they were in the same class, the difference in level was vast. As for Amy, she was a talented person who never missed the lead among them.

"okay. It's exactly 1 hour. If you don't come back by 7 o'clock, I will tell the teacher unconditionally.”

"huh. Then I will trust you and come back.”

Sirone was taken aback when she heard what Seriel had to say. It was surprising that a rogue circle called the Black Magician existed, but Amy took the risk for herself.

“You mean you went because of me in the end? But what if you are like this?”

"I don't know either! Amy told me to wait unconditionally. Why the hell are you here!”

Sirone seemed to know. The one-hour delay is the confidence that you can solve it yourself. In addition, the cause of that action was the consideration to protect one's secret. It was an excellent decision to leave her friend Seriel as her messenger.

“I must go! Senior, please do what Amy said.”

Sirone ran to the 14 training ground. He had 30 minutes to his appointment, but distance was an issue. The 14th training ground was located deep in the mountains because it was a place where real battles took place.

At that moment, the scenery suddenly shook and buildings began to be pushed backward in an instant. When she turned her head, Seriel was hugging her by the side.

“When are you going to run? I'd rather go with you."

It was short-distance teleportation, an essential magic for wizards. It is forbidden to use it on campus because it can cause a crash, but it wasn't the time to be arguing about that.

The students looked up at the sound of the popping gong. Seriel, who embraced Sirone, was moving away toward the mountain, blinking at intervals of 10 meters.

Arriving at the beginning of the mountain, the two of them rode the mountain in a canter from there. Teleportation was as dangerous as it was efficient, and attempting it in the mountains could have cost you your life.

The two arrived at training ground 14 before 6:00. But Amy was nowhere to be seen. I didn't even feel like a black magician, let alone a person.

“Amy! Amy! What happened? Why are you not here?”

“Maybe he took them somewhere else? Since the place was exposed in the note, she would not have ruled out the possibility of reporting to the teacher. Maybe we were tricked.”

“Then what should I do, Amy?”

Realizing the meticulousness of the Black Magician, Sirone was convinced. They really meant to cause an accident.

“Go down the mountain now and tell the teacher. You can go much faster without me.”

“Amy told me to wait until 7 no matter what? She said she had circumstances. Later she said, What if Amy gets disappointed?”

“It’s because of me, so go quickly! It doesn't matter because I said it's okay!"

Seriel put on a blank expression. Amy's desperate expression was because of Sirone. 

"Really? What are you guys doing? Are you really dating me secretly?”

“Is this the time to say that? It could be dangerous if you're late!”

"Ah Okay! Don't go anywhere, stay here!"

Seriel turned back the way she had come. In any case, she had no reason not to report, unless it was to the detriment of Amy.

Sirone went into the mountains and searched for Amy. Unlike other nobles, he was rather familiar with the dense forest because he had spent half his life in the mountains.

I searched for traces of Amy by expanding the Spirit Zone as much as possible. After climbing the mountain for about 10 minutes, the first footsteps finally came through synesthesia.

"It's here!"

But there was no further sign. It was clear that it had flown into the sky, judging from the fact that the bush was lying at this point.

Then there was no way to find Amy. Sirone hovered around for a long time in an awkward mood. Then, at some point, a hole in the sky exploded. Sirone's head quickly turned toward the source of the sound.

---------------------------------------