[548] Code Decomposition (1)

“Sirone!”

Lian raised his greatsword with his back to the sun.

Sirone's memories could not be restored without inflicting a shock equal to or greater than death on her mind.

'Sirone, this is... … .'

Rian clenched her teeth and swung the greatsword with all her might.

'This is my best job sword!'

As he swung his greatsword at breakneck speed, black cracks were drawn along the trajectory that flashed like a flash of light.

As the law was denied at Lian's denial, the protective shield surrounding the pyramid peeled off like grape skins.

'Annoyingly, Denai.'

Shura frowned and muttered.

There was no time to look back, but the terrifying power of will contained in the great sword came through the code clearly.

“… … .”

Sirone just calmly watched.

Armand's robes, which deserved to react as quickly as nerves, could not find any defensive movement.

As expected, when the greatsword stopped right in front of her eyes, Sirone spoke to Lian, who was clearly expressing her frustration.

"Rian, you can't awaken me."

“Keugh!”

Watching the hand holding the greatsword shake uncontrollably, Sirone turned her gaze to the path Lian had passed.

“You came all this way while cutting down hundreds of people, but… … .”

Sirone's eyes turned to Lian again.

"I don't feel any hostility from your sword."

As if to acknowledge Sirone's words, the trembling in Lian's arms disappeared.

“Yes, you are right.”

can't kill

The Sirone that Rian knew was not a weak human enough to wake up in the face of death.

“Rian, how far is the truth? you… … What the hell am I?”

“I am your sword.”

Lian swallowed a bitter moan that leaked out.

“My flesh, my blood, my bones! It's all yours!”

As Lian's voice became the hand of truth and grasped Sirone's heart, a piece of information from a very distant memory began to rush into my brain.

'but… … If what Lian said is true, if all of this is false. What am I?'

Shura shouted.

"What are you doing! Kill them quickly!”

When Park Nyeo's sword flew at her neck, Rian's eyes widened as she hurriedly twisted the greatsword to block it.

“Huh!”

When Lian's body flew away with the power so great that it could destroy Denai, Park Nyeo kicked off the stairs and jumped up.

'It's truly mysterious.'

To her, Lian was a foreign being even in the 10,000 years.

'What kind of law is it?'

Yaksha's axing distorts the law, but whether the body can withstand it is another matter.

Therefore, usually, as the intensity of the distortion increases, the law acting on the body also becomes grotesquely distorted.

This was the reason why there were no normal human beings among the leaders of the Tenro Society.

'It's not a schema.'

On the other hand, Lian's axing does not consider the body at all.

Perhaps transcendental regeneration might be his axing, but even a Death Knight could not crawl out of the realm of death into the realm of life.

'Should I check it?'

Bak-nyeo's body, which exploded the nirvana power, began to rotate terribly in the air.

As the laws installed in the virtual 8-cylinder were implemented in a chain, a terrifying 8-hit attack came as if it would tear Lian's body apart.

“Rian! Kut!”

Just as Sirone was about to run to Lian, a vast amount of information penetrated her mind.

Digital Ra, connected to Syrone through Mucus, was attempting the anecdotal ritual.

- Human, become one with me.

“Not yet, not yet!”

As long as the bruises of the truth that Rian carved directly into his heart throbbed, he couldn't leave the world like this.

- You and I are changing the world.

“Aaaaaaa!”

As the brains of Digital Ra and Sirone were connected, the memories of the two entities began to merge into one.

'Quan Yin Torpedo Field.'

As Kannon's palm flew toward the pyramid, Shura blocked the way and invoked the law of defense.

The Gestalt of Aggregation - The Ten Commandments of Negation.

A huge inverted cross appeared in front of Shura and blocked Kannon's palm.

“I’m really going crazy. You go out and see.”

Miro gnawed his teeth.

Man in the open state dealing with the laws of a confined world is like being able to build something freely with toy blocks.

If the Pyramid in reality is the unique 1 in terms of the number of laws, the Pyramid here is the 'Pyramid designated by Shura', which is 2.

The boundaries of the law are disconnected like blocks, and the limits of the world are clear.

This meant that Shura's law was clearly used like magic in reality.

“Let’s do this until the end.”

Miro, who had been glaring at Shura, who was focused on defense, increased the scale even more.

"profit! profit!"

Meanwhile, Marsha, who was struggling with the phlegmatic, turned to Fermi and shouted when she couldn't escape.

“Do something! This is really going to end!”

Fermi, who was imprisoned like her, clicked his tongue as he checked Sirone's condition.

'Sheesh, I can't.'

It's still not enough, but I couldn't take it any longer.

'Frozen magic. Hyper intercooler.'

When the magic of the archmage, purchased for a whopping 100 million gold, was activated, a cold haze rose around Fermi.

Mucus snapped and froze, and in an instant the ground shimmered like arctic land.

Marsha watched the frozen Mucus from below and prepared to escape.

At the same time, a huge incarnation of Guanyin fell from the sky and crushed a quarter of the pyramid.

Kururrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr!

As the pyramid collapsed without the defense of the law, Shura stuck out her snake tongue and muttered ferociously:

“Abominable human… … !”

Even though it was his own garden, it was only to make the attack of Guanyin go astray.

However, Miro did not live 10,000 years.

It was incomprehensible to the immortal Shura that a human who was no different than a ephemera could control such a gigantic concept.

“Aww!”

Sirone, who lost contact with Digital Ra, couldn't stand the shaking of the pyramid and fell forward.

“The Archon!”

Just as he was about to climb the Yoga Pyramid he was watching from the ground, a series of strange sensations penetrated his back.

“Huh!”

When I turned around, there was Marsha, who stabbed the dagger in her hair.

“… … What have you done to my body?”

After confirming that the smoke of desire had gone out, Yo asked, but Marsha was not the one to answer.

"die."

The son-in-law was immersed in the darkness as he reached out his hand and was about to break the fragments of the silver mirror.

"what?"

Fermi grabbed Marsha's hand and cast teleportation.

'Dark magic, the veil.'

When Marsha turned her head away from the darkness, the shadow drawn from the pyramid was enclosing Yo in the form of a sphere.

“From now on, we’ll work together.”

Having destroyed Shura's shield, there was no need to distract her any more.

When Fermi disturbed the colony's guardians with various magics, Marsha stabbed the dagger of her immorality at will.

The smoke of desire revealed the location of the two people, but Fermi's ability to block the access of the guardians with the magic of the veil and crowd control technology was amazing.

'I said he's Sirone's rival. Certainly this guy is not unusual.'

Depreciation transactions did not have a unique ability like other regulation eating out, but had the advantage of completely ignoring attribute affinity.

Being able to use the polar opposites of light and darkness, water and fire at the same time means that you can respond to all the variables that arise.

In terms of mission performance alone, it was difficult to find a professional wizard like this.

“It needs to be removed as soon as possible. There is no time."

As Fermi said, Mucus broke off the frozen area and moved up new slime toward Sirone.

“Sirone!”

Rian threw herself into the pyramid again, but now the barrier of a woman who was too much for him was blocking his way.

'Nirvana power!'

The endlessly accelerating cycle of the law endowed Baknyeo's body with abnormal activity.

The pattern was simple, but the higher the RPM, the higher the power as well as the speed.

Aaaaaaaang!

When Park Nyeo's sword hit Lian's sword as it was, the shock of twisting the bones in her body was transmitted.

“Great!”

The two yakshas glared at each other with their faces distorted like beasts.

Then, as Rian's regenerated left arm grabbed the handle of the great sword, Park Nyeo's face turned pale.

The moment his monstrous senses intuit the huge wave of power that was about to unfold, Lian swung his sword as he fed Denai.

“Yaaaaa!”

Mach rushes in.

In front of the waves of the law that can't be blocked by anything, Bak-nyeo broke the cycle and twisted her body.

bang! Park Nyeo exhaled a heavy breath as she saw Rian's arm muscles burst the moment the greatsword hit the ground.

"ha. ha."

The weight of the sword Lian wields is the weight of the world.

I still don't think I'll lose, but to be honest, I don't know how I can win.

"Move. I'm with Sirone... … .”

Lian's steps, which were moving forward with his head raised, stopped abruptly.

Bak-nyeo, her face distorted like a wolf, was smiling, revealing her white hair.

"to the end… … will you do it?”

For the first time, Lian took a step back.

“Really with me… … .”

Bak-nyeo's pupil returned to its place, but it was no longer a normal human's.

“Are you going to go all the way?”

Axing - Nirvana E - engine.

With a bang, the ground shattered and Bak-nyeo's figure disappeared.

Mounted on eight cylinders was only acceleration, and her body spread in afterimages as if it had been torn apart.

Rian reflexively raised his greatsword.

At the same time, dozens of sheaths were formed in all parts that could not be defended, and blood burst.

“Big!”

In fact, the speed at which the body is torn is normal.

However, Schema, who had trained for 10,000 years, reliably endured Park Nyeo's body.

“Not yet, not yet.”

Through the muttering of Park Nyeo's voice, laughter leaked out as if she had two vocal cords.

The reason I haven't experienced the speed limit so far is because none of the enemies have died before that.

'But you are different.'

Ryan is different.

If this man did not avoid or run away, he would respond as expected even if he poured his all into it.

"damn!"

All Rian could do was defend his neck with his sword.

It felt as if my body was burning as the flesh fell off without even giving me room to regenerate.

'Am I unable to protect my lord again?'

Lian's gaze collided with Sirone on top of the pyramid.

“Rian… … .”

Sirone looked at Lian, who was bleeding profusely, with a bewildered expression.

As the information that started from a very distant memory was stuck in my brain, I was impressed enough to crush all the memories I experienced here as insignificant.

- I am an Ogentrian.

His name is Ogent Lian.

-let's be friends. how is it?

The moment he held his outstretched hand, everything in his life changed.

-I am Sirone's sword!

He always protected himself behind his back.

“Rian. how… … How could I forget you.”

As the information recovery rate reached 99%, hot tears flowed down Sirone's cheeks.

“Liaaan!”

Even in the strong wind created by Park Nyeo's movements, Lian could clearly hear Sirone's voice.

'Yes, it doesn't matter if it breaks.'

Rian grabbed the handle of the greatsword as if it would crush it, and at the peak of acceleration, Baknyeo let out a shout of joy.

The moment I became convinced that I could kill anywhere, the pale Bakdo revealed afterimages like a vicious drill and poured into Lian.

Ryan clenched his jaw as if his teeth were going to break.

'My flesh, my blood, my bones!'

And with all his might, he swung his arms around.

'It's all yours!'

Boaaaaaang!

An iron-colored orb wrapped around Lian's body.

As Bak Do's repeated hits hit the iron wall, the iron orb flashed as if on fire, and soon after, Bak Nyeo's afterimage bounced outside.

"This… … ?”

He swung a greatsword with both arms that had been given a denage and instantly defended in all directions.

“Big!”

Lian's arm holding the greatsword had all its muscles gone and only bony bones remained.

"I'm coming! Sirone!”

Lian, who grabbed the handle of the sword with the power of the law, kicked off the ground and flew out.

Puff puff puff puff!

Lian's figure disappeared, and the ground on the left and right exploded in succession with Park Nyeo as the center, and rushed forward.

'It's going back and forth so fast you can't see it.'

is it left or right

As she moved her eyes from side to side, she fixed her gaze as if realizing something and shuddered.

'I don't know.'

In a situation where even the monstrous senses remained silent, goose bumps broke out all over Park Nyeo's body.

---------------------------------------