Hidden Code(2)

Still struggling with doubt, Eden spoke.

“I’m sorry, Lyria. I know what's going on, but honestly I can't believe you.”

Even if he chewed the cud, the delusion of her treachery bloomed endlessly.

Mayray said.

“It’s done.”

When I tapped Lyria's mind with God's frequency, doubts disappeared from the group's heads.

Sein let out a long breath.

'If you read the other person's mind, prejudice cannot arise. Terra Force's technological prowess is amazing.'

The right to judge good and evil is not given for nothing.

'Now.'

When Quan winked at her, Lilia amplified Clown Pierrot's law to its maximum.

While even his allies couldn't find him, the target De Quan chose was the 1st hour of pride.

'I won't miss it this time.'

When I went back to the woman's back and aimed at her heart, Shiok moved in perfect order as if reacting.

'It's four o'clock of indolence.'

Doesn't something happen that you don't want to happen?

'Then let's try it.'

Because the polarity of asymmetry had been amplified, they would have the upper hand in conflicts between cheats.

Quan's sword flew towards the woman's back.

'die.'

Since no one knows that Quan is there, there will be no regrets.

“Geuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu!” The 1:00 o'clock of pride, surrounded by an ominous feeling, gritted his teeth and twisted his upper body.

I just wanted to.

'There is definitely something.'

It is because the 4 o'clock of indolence will try to avoid the future that will come soon by mobilizing all possible laws.

'I have to realize.'

If you realize something, even if something terrible happens, you can change your choice with feelings of regret.

'late.'

In the moment when one second became as long as eternity, Kuan laughed in his heart.

'Even if you say it's a hidden code, the person who handles it is a human being. That's your defeat.'

Before the first hour of pride could even look away, his sword would pierce his heart.

' yes'?'

An eerie feeling of life was felt from the side.

“It's dangerous!”

Even before Mei Lei's voice came out, Quan had already retrieved his sword and retreated.

There was a popping sound as the air exploded as a fist came into his place.

'Who is that guy?'

As if receiving a centripetal force, Quan bypassed the air and checked the identity of the fist.

A young man with horn-rimmed glasses and his hair combed in a 2-to-8 style was smiling as he loosened his posture.

“Wow, how nimble is that? The timing was right.”

??????

It was what Kuan wanted to say.

'The attack a moment ago was fast enough to match mine. Did you mean that there were schema masters in prison too?'

The young man trembled.

“I must have trained really hard. How did you do that move? I want to learn too.” He exclaimed exclamations, but his eyes bent like seagulls over his horn-rimmed glasses were clear mockery.

Landing on the ground, Kuan spat out.

“You know what? No, even if I tell you, even if I live my life like you, it won’t be enough.”

"haha! Of course it is.”

The young man stuck out his long snake-like tongue and spoke with a ghastly glow in his eyes.

“Who would do such a foolish thing, you idiot?”

As Quan kept his mouth shut, the mind of the young man whom Mei Lei had eavesdropped on flowed.

'Six o'clock of wandering. The hidden code is... … You get a result assuming you did all the actions necessary to achieve it.

'Are you kidding me?'

Everyone who heard the waves cried.

In particular, Kuan even showed disgust in his eyes, but the 6 o'clock of wandering only shrugged his shoulders.

“I am human too, but watching the world you guys live in is really funny. Because there is no comedy. He frantically tries to do anything, and sucks when he loses a competition. Ha ha ha! just… …

When Wanderer's 6 o'clock turned around and put strength on his arm, his robe exploded with a bang.

His right forearm, as thick as a log, was exposed.

“Can we do this?”

I expected it, but when I checked it with my own eyes, Sein and the others' expressions darkened.

'There is no need to train.'

Assuming you just did it, that's it.

“It is the same with knowledge. Every day I dig, memorize, and stay up all night trying to understand.”

There was no particular change from 6:00 of Wandering.

However, Sein and the others could clearly read a subtle feeling different from before in the young man's eyes.

“Um, so about 20 years?” Filled with a feeling of intelligence, he laughed wickedly.

“You can say that I studied hard.”

Sein is probably not the only one who felt a fundamental displeasure about the purpose of life.

'How far are you going to ridicule me?'

To advance 0.1 second, to lift 1 kg more, to earn 1 more point.

'To dedicate one's life is to be a human being.'

Even in the feeling of being denied life, the wave of Shi-ok continued to surge.

'Negative 7 o'clock.' was a child

It was an expressionless expression that seemed depressed, and there was a maliciousness in its eyes that could not be hidden.

'Yes, what is the hidden code?' not responsible

OO

Now, Sain and the others could easily recall the exact contents of the hidden code.

'Even if I kill others by alienating them, even if I push them off a cliff, even if I discharge poisonous substances into the river!'

No one thinks it's his responsibility.

'Okay, let's see how far it goes.' While waiting for the wave of the heart to follow, a blonde woman held out her hand.

“Hidden Peace.”

The scenery where Sein and the others were split apart like a puzzle, and the entire space of Mayray was dislodged.

“Give me your ears!”

Flames ignited as the blonde woman raised a finger with an evil smile.

Just as the fiery finger was about to grab Maylei's ear, Sein adjusted the space's information.

'Sun and moon halo!'

The blonde woman's hand brushed Mayray's ear, and the tangled space returned like a puzzle.

'Is this an out-of-pocket meal?'

It was an ability I had read about in the numerous reports coming into the temple.

'Mortasinger's ability.'

Ranked 10th in the Order of the Ten Commandments.

According to Sirone, she fell for Satan's temptation and was taken to Hell.

“Are you Mortashinger?”

The blonde woman covered her mouth and laughed.

“Ho-ho-ho! It's unpleasant. How can you mistake a child who is only manure for me?”

"manure?"

Si-ok had no secrets because he knew that he was reading minds anyway.

“I need materials to activate the hidden code. It's an extreme emotion. I say it's an interesting part, but extreme emotions are at a level that you can't feel in real life. If there are 100 human beings, maybe 0.1 of them will experience it once in their lifetime?”

I seemed to know roughly what it was.

“But it is not uncommon in the underworld. Mortasinger is still screaming in hell. If this is the case, I'd rather beg for purification. Crunchy! But purification is another word for suffering. What could that mean? Don't you want me to torment you more?"

The waves of the mind about the blonde woman were collected.

'Eight o'clock of jealousy. Hidden code can have what it can't have... … Right.'

Money, a lover, or a position can be taken away.

'On the other hand, things like talent, looks, and happiness are inalienable qualities. But eight o'clock of jealousy is possible.'

condition is destroyed.

If you get jealous of someone's face, you can pour hydrochloric acid on that person's face.

'So Mayray's ears... … Whether or not they knew what the party was thinking, the Jealous 8 o'clock was busy talking about itself.

“Ah, and thank you for sending a child named Jin Seong-eum. The psychic realm has been closed, but the hidden code has been strengthened. He gets into a lot of accidents, so our demons love him very much. There will probably be no shortage of materials for the time being.”

“Ingredients.”

Sein suddenly had a question.

“I said you need extreme emotions to activate the hidden code. Then why is Kuan... …

Sein looked back at Quan and stopped talking.

"ah."

I saw Quan's one arm standing with a calm expression, and the other sleeve fluttering in the wind.

'The pole of asymmetry. The code obtained by removing one arm while the ankle ligament was severed... …

Quan's own emotions were used as material.

'I get it roughly. How Extreme Emotions Affect Hidden Codes

Aren't there living proofs in front of you?

As Shi-ok took a step, Se-in stepped back the same distance and gave instructions.

“Keep your distance.”

"Ho Ho. what's the matter? Can you read our minds? What battle could be more advantageous than this?”

Sein felt humiliated.

'I thought so at first.'

The problem is that Siok's hidden code is not a property that can be prevented just by knowing it.

'Nine o'clock in delusion is also tricky.'

Hearing the wave of his heart, Sein's eyes turned to the old bachelor with a naive impression.

'Imagination becomes reality. It's a terrible hidden code. It's like the finished version of <Nemesis>.'

Nine o'clock of delusion pointed to Sein's ring.

“It smells familiar. Could it be <Four Messis>?”

Sein's hypothesis was correct.

'It's like this after all.'

Just as humans dream, the emotions of the demons also flow into Drimo and float.

'Sometimes I even look at it.'

If you've ever seen something when you've been pressed against it, it's temporarily opened the foil.

'Then being stolen by a spirit wizard and escaping into the human world.' There are numerous objects, but most of the objects that made human life terrifying would be on the other side of the world.

"three."

Sein's eyes widened as he turned his head.

"maze?"

As the scenery changed in an instant, the scene of Alpheas Magic School of long ago unfolded.

“Why are you standing there blankly? You said you would help me with my research today. Did you forget?”

"ah??????

Sein couldn't come to the idea that the 9 o'clock delusion had triggered the hidden code.

Imagination becomes reality.

"Oh sorry. Thinking of something else.”

There are still memories of Si-ok, but the cheat reverses the sense of reality and imagination.

"shit! I didn't even say I would help!”

Gaold from his youthful days was following with three boxes of papers.

'Gaold...

On the day of the 20 judges, the only man who risked his life to save the maze.

'It did.'

All the memories are clear and I know why, but there is no sense of incongruity.

Here is the reality.

“It’s a maze.”

In the contradiction of living in reality while knowing the future, Sein was seized by a strong urge.

"huh?"

Likes.

I wanted to be honest with her about my feelings, even just once.

Just like Gaold did in Superheat Hell.

"what? Why didn’t you call me and tell me?”

It wasn't for lack of courage.

I just wanted to know that there is no man in the world who can occupy the maze.

'But I was wrong.'

The beginning of everything... … .

Time passed quickly and the scene from the Day of Judgment of the Twenty unfolded.

I saw a labyrinth walking toward Estas.

'Autumn will come.'

The voice that shouted the maze until she was cursed with self-reciprocal mutation had caused a small crack in her flawless mind.

'All my life, no, I regret it even now. Why couldn't I have been more courageous like Gauld?'

As Miro passed by, tears welled up on one side of the Iron Wheel, which was not there at the time.

Farewell, Miro.

That was the only word I chose for my last greeting.

'damn!'

The voice of the 1 o’clock of pride planted a code in the unconscious, not the consciousness of the public.

-Choose. the future can be changed

'It's a maze.'

-Gaold will come. Before that, you guard the maze. Shout out to the world! Miro is my girl!

'It's a maze!'

- Let's omit the whole process. Do you honestly know If you choose here, Miro becomes your woman.

“It’s a maze!”

Sein's face turned pale at Gaold's voice from afar.

'We must do it now! you can change it! You won't regret it! I've lived my whole life, my whole life!'

However, Sein's reason was blocking the voice without even knowing why.

'Huh!'

The cogs in both pupils moved frantically between 1 degree as if they were caught on something.

'no! It shouldn't be like this!'

Five o'clock of prejudice put a hidden code on Sain.

-Actually, Miro likes you too. A lot of that too.

“Aaaaaaa!”

As his eyes became hot as if they were on fire from the clash between reason and emotion, Sein screamed.

-She still only thinks of you?

"please! my… … !”

At the time Sein shouted, something in my head felt disconnected, and a huge crack went through the scenery.

"what… … !”

As the positions of imagination and reality were reversed, a terrifying shudder ran down Sain's spine.

"damn! You stupid child!”

In the middle of everyone who escaped from the 9:00 of delusion looking around with eyes like three people.

"Quan?... ”

Only Quan was on one knee, gasping for breath as he swung his sword.