[250] System Operations (3)

Sirone finally stopped the offensive. The power is low with only parallel circuits, but if you collect them to form a mansion, you can create powerful amplification power that cannot be compared even in series.

In addition, due to the nature of the 3D circuit, the distribution pattern looks different depending on the observation point. Therefore, it was not possible to figure out what the six magic circles that make up a particular mansion were.

It was the same logic as drawing a square with dots on a blank piece of paper that immediately caught my eye, but if I drew it three-dimensionally, I couldn't distinguish anything.

“How are you, Sirone? Can you avoid this too?”

At the same time as Dante's words fell, six air-type magic circles moved, trapping Sirone in the Pressure Mansion.

“Keugh!”

The moment Sirone felt the load on his spine, a bluish bolt charged the center of the Electric Mansion floating above Dante's head.

When a powerful beam of electricity was fired, all the air in the place where the electricity passed was burned with the stinging noise of electric charges colliding.

Wherever Sirone was evading, the attack followed. It was because the photon output emitted from the Photon Mansion grasped Sirone's coordinates in real time.

"ah… … .”

Sirone went crazy. He didn't feel like fighting people. He felt like he was fighting an armed sailboat equipped with tons of weapons.

Sirone evaded the vertical ice spear by rolling on the floor. As the world spun around, a burning sound could be heard near the ground. When I applied the photonization magic and bounced my back, an atomic bomb exploded almost at the same time. 

The students were mesmerized by Dante's ignorant firepower.

"oh my god… … . What kind of magic is that?”

Mark also thought it made no sense. Even if Pascal did parallel processing, it was the human brain that controlled the whole. Managing hundreds of magic circles was beyond human ability.

Iruki looked back at Ned. Seeing that he had a serious expression on his face like never before, he seemed to have already realized it.

“Nade, say something. I honestly don't know.”

“That… … It's an automaton.”

“Automaton?”

“Automation mechanism. It engages several gears and then moves the first gear. Then the last cog will give you a fixed value. It's a simple mechanism, but when this process is multiplied on astronomical scales, it becomes possible to do what seems very difficult. Things like photon output tracking Sirone's coordinates, or swapping mansions at high speed.”

The power of the automaton was personally felt by Sirone. The automaton, which automatically calculates and responds in any way, was an impregnable castle. 

It is basic magic, but the power reinforced by the mansion was never basic magic. Shirone rolled on the ground avoiding the shelling and hurriedly looked for Dante, but he was buried in hundreds of magic circles and was nowhere to be seen.

The magic circles floating everywhere felt like the eyes of a monster with hundreds of eyes.

“Aww!”

Sirone felt a creepy feeling and madly hit the photon cannon. The automaton reacted immediately. As the fully charged Lightning Cannon was fired from the Vault Mansion, the blinding power etched a single flash into space and the Photon Cannon exploded like a balloon.

When the Lightning Cannon brushed Sirone's side, Anti-Magic was activated with just that. As Sirone stumbled, the automaton poured all available magic. Numerous magics that could not be counted with one hand devastated the entire radius.

Having consumed all available energy, Pascal made a grotesque sound and stopped moving. As the smoke dissipated, the figure of Sirone, who was holding onto one of his shoulders, was revealed. After a while, his knees staggered and bent, and finally he slammed them to the floor.

“This time, Sirone collapsed.”

One down was not a problem. The fact that Anti-Magic entered the orthodoxy meant that Sirone's durability was cracked, and that meant the end of Immortal Function.

“That’s amazing.”

Even Alpheas couldn't help but admire this time. A three-dimensional mansion that enhances the power of the parallel magic circle Pascal. In addition, the Dante system, which has an automatic function as an automaton, was comparable to a work of art that took the extreme of its function.

I never thought that information magic would be grafted onto automatons. It was a challenge that no professional wizard could easily take on. No, no matter how talented Dante was, it was impossible at the student level.

If possible, it was if one assumption were true.

“Are you using binary numbers?” 

Olivia was speechless. But Alpheas realized with that. It's obviously dealing with binary numbers. The only race that uses a magic system made up of 1's and 0's appeared in his mind.

"Since when… … Did Dante learn the language of dragons?”

A smile formed on Olivia's lips. If she was already convinced, she didn't have to hide it any longer.

"What's wrong? Although dragon magic is a binary number system, it is not necessarily exclusive to dragons.”

“Humans can understand binary numbers. But putting binary numbers to the level of a language is a whole different thing.”

Alpheas suddenly realized.

"no way… … Is it innate?”

“I couldn't believe it either at first. But it's true. Just like Sirone's Insight or Iruki's Servant Syndrome, Dante is also born with the ability to process information."

Olivia remembered ten years ago when she first met Dante.

At the time when he was working as the principal of the Royal Magic School, an invitation to tea time arrived at Basuka's social gathering.

The organizer was Bianca, the hostess of the Erhein family. It was a gathering of six people, all of whom were married except for Olivia.

The noble ladies savored the tea that came in from across the sea and started talking.

Olivia also had conversations about topics she was interested in, but married women's chatter eventually turned to their children.

Bianca sighed and said.

“It's a big deal. My youngest son took a leave of absence this time and came home.”

“Oh, Dante is a good model student. Did something happen at school?”

Bianca shook her head with a dark face.

"I don't know. I don't speak fort. She said she had a fight with her friends at school and came with bruises on her face. From what I've heard, it seems that several people hit me."

The ladies' faces heated up. His teeth quivered and his hands trembled at the thought that his son had suffered such a thing.

“No, did you just leave it alone? I have to go to the school right away and file a complaint.”

“I went to school for that too. But there, I heard a shocking story. It's that Dante hasn't spoken a word to her friends. He said no matter how much I talked to him, he wouldn't even look at me. The homeroom teacher also thought he had aphasia at first.”

“Oops… … . What could be the matter?”

“No matter how much I ask, they don’t talk. Anyway, I went to find him, and I felt like the sky was falling, so I just brought Dante with me.”

Olivia stopped tilting the teacup and hesitated. Since she had no children, she wouldn't even let me in, so she stayed quiet, but one possibility came to mind.

Bianca rested her chin and continued.

“Ha ha, so I ended up dropping out of school and taking him home. But what worries me is sitting in the garden all day and staring at the ground. Even if I ask why, they never answer. I can't help but watch."

The woman sitting next to her held Bianca's hand and said.

“Don’t worry too much. Dante is also ten years old. It's time to think a lot. Aristocratic children go through puberty much sooner than commoners do.”

“It would be nice if that was the case… … .”

Bianca had no way to soothe her upset heart.

Dante was an intelligent child from an early age, so he received the family's expectations. I never thought that such a precious child would rot his insides like this.

The noble ladies offered words of comfort to Bianca. Not all of her words were sincere, but as a mother of a child, she could understand her upset.

Olivia muttered as she put down her teacup.

“Overflow… … .”

Bianca turned to Olivia.

"yes? What did you just say?”

Olivia hurriedly came to her senses. As a teacher, she knew how dangerous it was to judge her children in front of her parents.

However, it was difficult to hold back when the attention of the audience was focused. Especially in front of noble ladies who can't bear to listen to their questions.

Olivia said with a nuance that it was no big deal.

“Ah, I think it might be an overflow.”

“Overflow? what is that?"

“Well, it’s not common, but it happens when you wake up at a young age. No, it's more of a psychological factor than a phenomenon. As the existing common sense collapses, we see a different world from the original world. They are usually in extreme fear.”

“So you mean my son is sick?”

A cold sweat ran down Olivia's spine. If I answered incorrectly here, I would not only be stigmatized in the social world, but I would suffer from gossip for a long time.

"no. It's not a disease. This is common among geniuses, for example. There are quite a few kids like that at magic schools.”

Olivia was forced to use a magic word that would make any parent seduced.

As expected, Bianca made eye contact with the ladies as if she had just heard.

Is there anything that excites parents more than the genius of their child?

Thanks to this, Olivia escaped humiliation, but had to pay the price.

Aside from the other ladies, Bianca turned to Olivia as if on her own and asked all sorts of things.

Is Dante really a genius, if he is a genius, in what field is he a genius, how is he educated in that case, etc.

Olivia gave various answers, but nothing was certain.

If it was so easy to figure out, the geniuses who suffered from overflow would not have spent their last years in misery.

“Really, really, is our Dante a genius? hmm… … I definitely think so. Since I was little, I had an extraordinary corner. Well, it's easy for a genius child to be left out of the group. That’s why Dante didn’t hang out with his friends either.”

Olivia wanted to go home. She couldn't get her words out to Bianca's face that it was only a possibility.

Before he could find an excuse to get out, Bianca took the plunge.

"if… … Can you interview Dante?”

"yes? Now?”

This time, Olivia openly expressed disapproval. She didn't want to be a teacher until at a social gathering.

If, after an interview, he is actually a child who has nothing to do with it, how will he deal with it?

There was no way that Bianca, nicknamed the socialite fox, could not be unaware of Olivia's feelings.

As if she had made up her mind, she stood up and begged again.

Since it was a gathering of other noble ladies, it was the best courtesy for her.

“I beg you. Olivia is the principal of the Royal Magic School. She will surely be able to discover Dante's hidden talent. Dante is now in the garden of the annex.”

When the situation came to this, Olivia had no choice but to agree. Eventually she sighed and got up from her seat. But I didn't forget to have her insurance in case of her emergency.

"all right. I'll do an interview first. But don't be in a hurry. If it's really overflow, it's a problem that needs to be taught over a long period of time.”

“Yes, yes, please take care of me.”

Olivia headed to the annex to interview the unknown student.

As befits a family in the 20th place in the financial world of Tormia, the outbuildings were the size of any nobleman's mansion.

The grass full of the scent of spring was spread wide like a playground, and beyond that was a deep forest.

Dante was sitting at the entrance to the forest. Olivia looked at her child from a distance, then she let out her sigh again.

Maybe, as the lady said, puberty came early. But she was sure it was an overflow. It was her sixth sense acquired by 20 years of teaching.

---------------------------------------