[785] Alpha fish (3)

* * *

Woorin's room.

While the Ex-Machina team sat in a row of chairs, a woman was standing there staring at them.

As Sirone and the others entered, Uorin, who had been watching from the corner, approached with her index finger to her mouth.

“You’re here. We just started.”

Sirone looked back at the woman.

'That person is an alpha fish.'

I expected a hysterical impression, but I was nervous with my eyes down.

"It's surprisingly normal."

"no."

Minerva looked at the woman with serious eyes.

“That woman… … They are of the same kind as me.”

A woman born with the fate of a witch.

There is no evidence that any impression becomes a witch, but there is a common disposition among those born with the fate of a witch.

'Aura that encourages desire.'

I want to bully you, I want to break you, and I feel like I'll be relieved only when I see her crying while holding onto the blanket.

Uorin, who once lived with the impression of a witch, also felt the same as Minerva.

“That’s right, it’s a witch statue. But surprisingly, she's not a witch. She runs a small flower shop now.”

Minerva narrowed her eyes.

“Witch… … no?”

If it had been so easy to defy fate, Minerva would not have made <Law Killing>.

Sirone asked.

"What happened?"

"first of all… … Let's watch.”

When Iruki joined the Ex-Machina team, Uorin turned to him and nodded.

Received the signal, Gudio said.

“Mr. Youth Abella.”

Minerva's eyebrows twitched.

'Survivors of Youth?'

At one time, it was a huge village competing for the 1st or 2nd place in the gypsy clan, but it is now known to have lost its pulse.

“Yes, please.”

Abella's voice crept in.

“Don't be nervous. It is not a place for interrogation. I called because I had a few things to check. First of all, you must know why I came to the imperial castle, right?”

“Yes, I heard. The mustache, no, Mr. Harvits... … .”

Abella was the first to raise her head.

“He is a very bad person.”

It was an expression that he knew in his head that Havitz was a wicked man, but couldn't accept it in his heart.

said Iruki.

"that's right. I have killed many people, I am killing many people, and I will be killing many people in the future. You probably know the case of burying 70,000 people alive. I need your help.”

“I-how can I… … .”

Mays asked.

“Do you think Harvits shouldn’t die?”

Abella hurriedly shook her head.

"no! If you do something bad, you must be punished! I don't think it's okay to kill people!”

Iruki let out a long breath.

'It's a witch's fate, I know what it is.'

Even now, without realizing it, the Ex-Machina team is harassing her.

“You can tell me honestly. Even if Mr. Abella loves Havitz, we won't harm him in any way.”

Gypsy has no hometown, but Kashan was an enemy country to her, who spent her childhood in the Gustav Empire.

'Besides, since it's in front of the empress, it's natural to be nervous.'

Abella took a moment to catch her breath and calm herself down before looking at Iruki with a clear gaze.

"no. I think Harvits deserves to die.”

Still, it was strange that it didn't sting my heart.

“From now on, I will explain.”

Wu Lin walked forward.

“They first met 14 years ago, when Havitz was 27 and Abella-san was 9.”

Everyone noticed her.

“Traditional kin killing unique to the Gustav family. Harvits was notorious for brutally killing countless of his siblings. At the time, it was said that the emperor's sending Havitz XVII to Arcava, the easternmost point of the empire, was not a strategic choice. perhaps… … Even Havitz, 16, must have been afraid of his son.”

It was a story that Abella did not know.

“In the end, Havits XVII killed 781 brothers and became emperor. During the three resets, the method of killing them was always different. You killed your brother in 2,343 ways.”

so it's confusing

“And at the time, that is to say, the way Havitz did it 14 years ago by the standards of the Great Purification… … .”

Uorin coldly lowered her gaze.

“He would tie his brother and wife to the ceiling, and have dinner by boiling their children.”

As if struck by lightning, Abella's body trembled.

“14 years ago from now.”

Arkaba, the easternmost point of the Empire.

“Aaaaaa! You child! stop! Are you even human! You will be punished!”

Havitz's half-brother screamed and coughed up blood as he hung from the ceiling.

The wife caught next to her had already lost her mind and was urinating while making a grotesque laugh.

“Hmm, what part is this?”

Harvits, who sliced ​​the meat with a knife, took a fork and looked around.

“Aaaaaa! stop!"

Twenty-seven-year-old Havitz didn't look much different from his face after becoming emperor, except that he had a handsome mustache.

“Fondue.”

After dipping the meat into the soup, he tasted it in his mouth and mumbled it, and his brother burst into tears.

"please… … Please. you become emperor I will help you. I'll somehow make you emperor. So stop... … .”

"Emperor?"

Havitz put down the tableware and wiped his lips.

“Your brother is very strange. What's funny about the emperor? That kind of thing is boring.”

“Then why… … ? Why even your nephew... … .”

Harvits looked up at the ceiling.

“The process of becoming emperor is fun.”

“Huh!”

Havitz's older brother realized.

Dozens of brothers are still sharpening their swords, but the emperor of the empire has already made a decision.

“Kill it. Okay, stop now.”

“I’ll eat my brother for dinner too. Dessert for my sister-in-law.”

Seeing the fishy smile with his nostrils wide open, Havitz's older brother felt like the world was spinning.

“You son of a bitch! You will get the same! My brothers will definitely punish you! Curse me! Even if I die, I will pray for you to suffer in Hell!”

Harvits yawned.

"Bored."

When he flicked his finger, the string that bound him broke and he fell 20 meters down.

With a thud, another corpse appeared, and blood slowly spread outside the sprawled brother's body.

Habitz asked the lady-in-waiting.

“Isn’t there anything interesting?”

There were no loyal subordinates to speak directly to him, not even swindlers who flattered him.

The lady-in-waiting, who was just terrified, said with trembling hands.

“Brother, your family members are still there. Since you are in a dungeon, why not torture yourself... … .”

“Torture is no fun, after seven.”

The maid's shoulders trembled.

"sorry! Presumptuously giving advice without understanding Your Highness' deep intentions! Please forgive me!”

Harvits stared at her.

“Is something sad going on?”

The maid with her face raised hurriedly shook her head.

"yes? Oh no. I am not sad.”

“Then why are you crying? Are you afraid of me?”

One thing the people around Havitz terribly disliked was being questioned.

'Well, what should I answer... … .'

Even if it was scary, I thought I would die, and even if I wasn't scared, I thought I would die.

In the end, emotions won out.

“It's scary! ah! That's not it, sorry! please forgive me! Foolish me... … !”

Havitz came to the point where the mind was gradually going crazy and the language was going crazy.

“Are you afraid of me? why?"

Havitz's face, no, his two eyes, as he watched from close by, was so clear and beautiful.

"I'm afraid I'm going to die."

Unknowingly, the words came out.

“Hmm. Are you that afraid of dying?”

Havitz, lost in thought while fiddling with his mustache, nodded.

“Then I won’t kill you.”

"really?"

I asked again this time.

"huh. Are you done now? I'm not going to kill you, so no one's going to kill you?"

I had never tasted such a powerful sense of salvation in my life.

"thank you! thank you!"

While the lady-in-waiting kept bowing her head, Havits put on her coat and said.

“I can’t be bored. gotta go out and play Oh, and my brother's gasoline, all have their knee joints pulled out.”

The maid's face turned pale.

“Me, me?”

“If it bothers you, tell the minister. Take all of your brother's property and gasoline. Maybe 200 people? You can play with it until you get tired of it.”

As the maid looked dazed, Haviz turned outside the door and winked.

“Live with a smile. Enjoy.”

The smell of blood wafted through the closed room.

Habitz, who had traveled two hours by carriage from Arkaba, arrived at the East Sea.

The place is famous for fishing, but after hearing rumors that Habitz was coming, all the nobles had fled.

“It’s quiet. Are you lucky today?”

Among the nobles as well as the commoners, there was no one in Arkaba who did not know the name of Habitz.

Havitz, who settled in a remote place where the forest was spreading, threw a fishing line without even hooking a bait.

“Ahhhhh.”

The boredom of the world was evident in his expression as he yawned.

Havitz's playground is always empty.

“It’s boring no matter what you do these days.”

Left alone in a playground where no one visits, what are you waiting for?

“Isn’t there anything interesting?”

It was before I met the 4th Gustav.

“Boo. Maa. Boo."

I make sounds by changing the shape of my mouth, and then I look at the world with cross-eyed eyes... … .

“Aaaaaaaaaa!”

He turned his head and screamed as if to suddenly destroy the peaceful silence.

“Boo. Maa. Boo."

Then I heard a girl's voice behind me.

"huh?"

Harvits turned around and the dirty girl in the gypsy outfit moved her lips exaggeratedly.

“Boo. Maa. Boo. What are you talking about?”

Havitz blinked and pointed to the sea.

“The sound of fish.”

"ha ha ha! How do fish make sounds? And they don't catch fish here! Are you an idiot?”

"huh? mister?"

Harvitz pointed at himself with his index finger.

“Am I not your uncle?”

“Are you okay, uncle? You've grown her mustache. haha! Mustache Ahjji, Mustache Ahjji!”

Harvits licked his lips and grabbed the fishing rod.

“I wish I could catch a shark.”

The cow, who had been laughing briskly at this sight, approached Havitz and pulled his mustache with an eighth.

"ouch!"

"uh? Is that a real mustache?”

With tears in his eyes, Havitz tidied his mustache.

“This is mine. And since you are a woman, you won’t grow hair like this even when you become an adult.”

A shadow fell over the girl's face.

“I know, me too. what a woman is.”

"okay? What is a woman?”

She smiled again and sat down at the fishing spot.

"Mister, I'm bored. Do you want to play with me?"

After thinking for a moment, Harvits nodded.

"okay. But what are you playing with?”

“I play with dolls. You are a monster, and I am a beautiful woman who runs away from monsters.”

The girl took out a doll made of woven cloth.

"sleep. This is a monster.”

What was called a monster was just a man whose physical characteristics were exaggerated.

"Okay, I'm a monster."

Havits, who took the doll obediently, slammed it on the floor, imitating the monster's voice.

“Kuaaa! Where do you run away! I'll chew it up with my sharp teeth and eat it!”

"Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa Help me! It's a monster!”

Habitz moved the doll and followed.

"at there! This beautiful... … !”

Then, suddenly, he stopped and asked.

“Wait a minute. what is your name?”

The girl also took a break from playing for a while, looked up at Havitz, and then said, baring white teeth.

“Youth. Youth Abella.”

---------------------------------------