[373] Volume 16 - Senior Class Information Session (1)

A special tradition has begun for Class Two students to welcome new students to Class Three.

When Sirone crossed the steel door, the booing disappeared like a lie, and they split left and right to open the way.

Sirone walked along the road listening to the applause. Welcoming applause, but no laughter.

'These are class two.'

When 10 students in the graduating class graduate, the remaining 20 students are ranked according to their graduation exam scores. Therefore, the 10 students who welcomed them could be said to have dropped out relatively early in last year's graduation exam.

Amy was also clapping among them.

Last year, I was eliminated for the third time, so Class Two. And that's 18th in the graduating class rankings.

Sirone fixed her gaze straight ahead and examined their faces with the edge of her field of vision.

Men and women.

So far, that was all there was to feel.

Of course, some students remember their major because they watched the graduation exam last year. But now I felt like I was dealing with a complete stranger.

'If I can't break through here, I can't go to the top.'

Class 2 is the middle class of the graduating class, and becomes the boundary between the upper and lower ranks.

The average age of this year's graduating class is 20.6 years old.

Sirone is 1.6 years younger than average, but considering the fact that there are senior classmates such as Fermi and others, it can be concluded that most of them are of the same age, and among them there are students younger than Sirone.

After passing the path made by the students of Class 2, the students of Class 3 turned around and arrived in front of the steel door. Then, they stood face to face with the students of Class Two standing in a row.

“Welcome to the senior class.”

A man with a confident face stepped forward.

Sirone could tell just by hearing his voice. Before he passed through the steel door, he was the most mocking student.

He was a handsome man with a shiny look, with his blonde hair turned all-back.

However, unlike a wizard, he was wearing a blue training suit that fit his body exactly.

He was about 175 cm tall, and despite his slender figure, his body was well-balanced to the extent that he never looked weak.

He had sharp eyes, a high nose like a wolf, and a strangely red tongue that appeared when he laughed, as if soaked in blood.

“I am the No. 1 Screamer in Class Two.”

The moment I heard the screamer's words, the same thought popped into the minds of the students in Class Three.

'It's 11th.'

'You're in 11th place overall.'

Although he majored in light, he was in a different field from Sirone of photon magic and Dante of information magic.

No, strictly speaking, he was a bookmaker.

A hybrid type like the Gunner, it mainly uses tactics to confuse the opponent with various light-type magics and inflict critical hits with schema's physical abilities.

Another person in the senior class who can speak schema is Amy.

However, unlike her, who had been learning for a while as a child, the screamer's schema was quite high.

The ability to enter a blind spot through the flashy movement of teleportation and end it with a fist drew students' attention in last year's graduation exam.

It is said that after graduating from magic school, he plans to go to the Colosseum and learn martial arts again.

After the screamer's turn, Pony stepped forward.

Her straight blond hair, calmly laid down, flowed from side to side along her pretty forehead like a half moon, and her characteristic expressionless expression clearly showed her intention to stuff her beautiful appearance into the scenery.

The white face, crescent-shaped eyebrows, high nose and pointed chin made one mistake it for a standing doll from a distance.

“I am Pony. rank 12. Major is Hydropower. The series is torrent.”

If Screamer was long, Pony's introduction was brief.

Even so, the students of Class Three couldn't take their eyes off Pony. She is also a pretty face, but more than that, I knew that the most important thing in her introduction was missing.

'Ah, that kid is Pony.'

Alpheas Magic School's only royal family.

Although she is of maternal lineage and is far from the core power, she was a standard among the royal family, and she was a girl who could not be treated carelessly by the aristocrats.

Of course, in the senior class, the competition is fair. The reason why Pony didn't add lineage in her self-introduction was also because she knew that she didn't have to make enemies with needless pity.

Pony's eyes overflowed with the pride of royalty. It was as if he was looking at Jion, the prince of Khazra. Of course, it fell far short of Uorin's absolute gaze.

After Pony's turn, self-introduction continued.

Sirone listened attentively to each one. Then he felt the gaze of the woman standing in front of him and turned her head.

Everyone was paying attention to the current student, but only she was watching Sirone with mischievous eyes from beginning to end.

'Maya… … Did I say?'

She had brown skin, a plump body, and a round face, but her features didn't make her look cute.

To Sirone, she was a memorable woman with a unique meaning.

The first person to fail the graduation exam last year. In addition, I heard that I was in last place in the graduation exam the year before last.

His specialty is sound magic, and his main specialty is buffs and debuffs using sound, but he didn't feel great at the time.

In a word, no talent.

Her sound magic couldn't penetrate the wizard's mind, and she was enduring with the basic magic learned in the advanced class.

The basic skills are solid, but the ambiguous position does not have enough skills to deal with geniuses. It could be said to be the boundary between the advanced class and the senior class.

When Sirone looked up, Maya smiled and raised her hand.

"hi?"

Sirone looked around. It was not manners to have a conversation while other students were introducing themselves.

But she didn't care, leaned over and spoke in a low voice.

“I know you. Ariane Sirone.”

It is an ambiguous situation to answer or not to answer. Sirone struggled for a while, and eventually gave an answer in a whisper.

"Ah yes. okay."

“I saw it at a research presentation last year. That's a ghost commotion. Are you really surprised? How did you come up with that idea? It was really ingenious. I've been a huge fan ever since."

Maya still vividly remembered that day.

I was lying in bed listening to the midnight bell, and how devastated I was when a ghost came out of the ceiling.

As I ran after the students, I was at Central Park before I knew it. And then, three members of the Supernatural Psychic Research Society appeared on the roof of the building.

She was so delighted with the announcement that poked a loophole in her mind that she even had stomachaches while laughing.

“I also really enjoyed the play. Did the dress suit you well? What did you put in your chest?"

The screamer frowned and turned around.

“Hey Maya. You are introducing yourself right now.”

"Oh sorry. I am so happy.”

“Sheesh, anyway, I don’t have a concept… … .”

Maya sticks out her tongue at Sirone with an embarrassed expression.

I still couldn't figure out who he was. However, the gaze of her class two looking at her was not good.

She was always in last place, so there were some who did not recognize her as a senior.

The representative figure was the screamer.

Having failed to enter Class One with a difference of one rank, he was even annoyed at being in the same class as Maya.

After many twists and turns, after the self-introduction, the screamer, who was in a good mood again, said with a bright expression.

“Okay, now that you’ve gotten familiar with the face, shall we begin the traditional ‘Courage of Truth’ of Steel Gate?”

Pony made a bitter expression and muttered.

“What is tradition… … . quality down.”

"huh? Courage of Truth?”

As Sirone raised his eyebrows and waited for an explanation, the screamer opened his mouth with his characteristic long-winded gesture.

“I’m going to ask a question to the opponent I’m facing in Class Two. For example, who is the most handsome? It's like this. Then you just need to nominate one of us.”

'Hmm, that's what I mean.'

There was nothing better to dread a freshman.

Yesi had heard of the most handsome person, but no student would ask such a heartwarming question.

'That's why Amy told me to choose me unconditionally.'

The screamer looked back at the young boy and said.

“Eider, you do it first. Because I am the youngest.”

“Sheesh, how old are you here?”

Eider was seventeen years old. It was also the reason Amy didn't get the title of youngest graduating senior last year.

She had big cat-like eyes and dimples on both sides when she smiled, making her look much younger than her age, and being short for a man also contributed to that feeling.

'Why is age emphasized?'

Sirone tilted her head.

What does it mean to be the youngest in a class where everyone is competing?

Even so, Eider grumbled a little, but obediently followed the screamer’s words.

'It's because the title of youngest is more useful.'

If you admit that you are young, you will be bothered by trivial things, but there will definitely be an advantage beyond that.

'but. Even I get caught off guard when I see Eider.'

The person Eider asked the question was Arin. The students in Class Two watched with interest.

It is none other than Arin of the early stage. No matter what question I asked, the result would be interesting.

Eider was engrossed in his thoughts and laughed like a mischievous person.

“Who is the ugliest person?”

"huh?"

It was an unexpected question for Arin.

He cannot properly recognize the shape of an object. Also, since rumors spread about this information while attending school, the seniors must have already known about it.

Class 2 students naturally became nervous.

It's because being ugly in her eyes could be a word that represents an inner distortion.

“The ugliest person?”

"yes. How can a human look like that? You just have to choose someone who is ugly enough to do it.”

“Hmm.”

Arin stared at Eider, who was smiling bashfully.

Then, he tapped his lips and took a good look at everyone in Class Two.

Some students averted her gaze.

'Why did you ask this question? Are you looking at me?'

Arin raised his index finger. And pointed at someone on the right.

“I’ll do it for you, then.”

He was such a fat student that you could feel the heat just by looking at him.

Even though it was a senior event, he seemed to be addicted to food, judging by the fact that he was holding a bag of potato chips in his hand.

His eyes were thin, buried in his cheekbones, and his hair was a mess of hair that he didn't even pay attention to.

It would have been fine if she was wearing loose-fitting clothes, but it was embarrassing to see her wearing small clothes that exposed the curves of her body.

'It's Luman.'

Luhmann, 13th in the senior class.

His specialty was trap magic, and his class was crowd control.

Since he is a member of a group that cannot stand out alone, he is always at a disadvantage because of his eccentric personality even though his skills are excellent.

The screamer cracked the beat and clapped.

“Yeah, as expected, women’s eyes are sharp. Even though she has menarche, her appearance is like a ghost. Oh, you never know. If her appearance is a mold, then the heart inside her must also look the same.”

Some of the students burst into laughter.

Among them was Boyle of Class Three. However, there was no sincerity in his smile.

Psychological warfare had already begun, and it seemed that they had set up a strategy to be aggressive from the beginning.

Despite being teased, Luhmann was just chewing on potato chips. Then he pointed to Boyle and asked.

“But why are you laughing? Aren't you supposed to laugh?"

Boyle frowned exaggeratedly.

"what? Does it matter if I laugh or not?”

“It doesn't matter. but you are fat too If you laugh, isn't that self-deprecating?"

Boyle, who had been staring at Luman in bewilderment, always fired at him as his mother had told him.

“I am chubby and you are fat. Absolutely different. I'm just a pig, and you're just a pig.”

Luhmann didn't chew the potato chips in his mouth for a while, then quickly moved his jaw again. That was the only reaction.

---------------------------------------