[621] Scout Reporting (2)

-Once you go back to school... … .

On the day of the end of the Sibulsangbokumae training, Miro explained the operation.

“You will have to decline the evaluation.”

“Reject evaluation?”

“It is already too late to catch up with the grade gap in the senior class. You'll only plant bad preconceptions in Scouts. In that case, I would rather give up the evaluation and bet on the graduation exam.”

Even Sirone thought it was the right diagnosis.

“But graduation shouldn’t be the ultimate task.”

Miro added strength to her voice.

“Even if you graduate, not many associations are willing to embrace a ticking time bomb that may explode at any moment. If you want to become a mage, you have to show them that you are worthy enough to take the risk.”

There was only one strategy Miro required.

“When you think of the graduation exam as a long-distance race, you have to go full speed from the start. after that… … .”

Miro pointed to the destination and said.

"You're going to complete the race at that speed."

-Enter the 5th stage of self-denial survival.

Around the time the participants' faces showed some fatigue, a Tier 6 creature was summoned.

“From now on, the dropouts will follow one after another.”

Pros of summoning magic, befitting a tier used in actual combat, the complexion of those who checked the lineup of monsters became pale.

Kreurreung!

Werewolves who are much smarter than Ulk, as well as Cerberus with three heads as large as a cow, Bugbears, hairy monsters weighing up to 300 kg, and Gargoyles with hard skin like stones, etc. It was a monster with abilities.

'I'm sure there will be discrimination here.'

Will you work together to rise to the next level or will you save yourself until the dropout comes out?

While most of the participants were agonizing over the same issue, Sirone undoubtedly jumped out to the fore.

The strategy of tearing up the display with the shotgun movement and defeating each one with the photon cannon was simple, but the power was beyond imagination.

When the flash penetrated the bulging belly of the Bugbear, without a doubt, both feet floated and flew away, and the gargoyles that attacked from the sky were pushed back without being able to break through the wide curtain.

“The three elements of movement, attack and defense are in balance. Even though he's an unlocker, he trained properly.”

“That makes it even more questionable.”

Baikal stroked his chin.

“It’s not like you haven’t studied self-control survival, right? I can’t finish it anyway.”

In the self-defense survival event where 15 people are selected, if even one person can finish, the evaluation standard itself will be shaken, so the association presents an impossible level of difficulty.

"yes. Starting from Tier 5, the lineup consists of creatures that pros also summon as their main focus.”

You have to fight hundreds of such creatures.

Lara objected.

“Simple comparisons are dangerous. 2,000 times is just a simulation. Even if the response is designed considering the intelligence level of the species, there are limitations. In particular, the creatures handled by the wizard move according to the wizard's intellectual level.”

"Of course, it's different from the actual creature."

Baikal also acknowledged that.

“But the ability level reflected the reality. Even at Tier 6 right now, at the student level, life must be dangerous. Isn't it a reasonable judgment for the 2nd evaluation to drop the participants as quickly as possible? What do you mean?”

Elizabeth analyzed the battle of Sirone.

“Horsepower level 2.03 million. Photon Cannon single power average 2,847 crashes. Its rate of fire is 267 rounds per minute.”

“You’re crazy.”

The words spontaneously came out of Baikal's mouth.

“It has already far exceeded the master difficulty suggested by the Association. Particularly noteworthy, the impact and rate of fire were classified separately. But now Sirone is doing both at the same time.”

It meant that he was pouring out more than four blows per second that he thought he could pull out with the utmost concentration.

'Is it beyond the association's expectations?'

Lara asked, feeling that Baikal was struggling.

“Evaluator, overall review… … .”

“F.”

Elizabeth twisted herself and demanded an explanation.

“The 29 contestants are already out of my head. It means that you are not properly grasping reality.”

“But Sirone’s abilities are clear… … .”

"I know. I'm disappointed in the strategy that 27th set up. If it's the current number, it's worth rubbing the 6th step, no, even the 7th step. But in the end, that's it.”

Baikal shook his head and continued.

“Scouts remember even a creature's stats when it comes to trials. Even if it's only a tier 3 level, that thing won't even bite your teeth. If 15 people are selected before going all the way anyway, the current power is just a show off. It is F.”

“… … All right."

Lara's pen etched the letter F into Sirone's page.

'I know.'

If Sirone had heard Baikal's explanation, she would have nodded.

'I know.'

It is not a strategy designed with a clear possibility of success in mind.

It was because he knew that the only possibility left to him was to hit from the start and run to the end.

“Never stop!”

Sirone's photon cannon fell like a comb and broke Cerberus' spine.

“It’s hard to come out like this.”

When Frings, who was deprived of the lead role, cast an ice wave, sharp ice thorns split the Colosseum in two.

Aiming for that gap, Ama sniped at the enemies on all sides.

'87. 88.'

Elizabeth was watching.

“Rate of fire 67 rounds per minute. That's phenomenal speed given the sniper mode.”

“I think the accuracy is a little off. How many feet did you miss?”

Accessing the 2,000 core system, Elizabeth read the correct number.

“So far the accuracy is… … 89.4 percent.”

By the standards of the graduating class, it was excellent, but by the standards of Baikal, it was not fulfilled.

'Red eyes!'

When Amy, who had backed up her self-image memory, started shooting more precisely, the bugbears burned to the core.

“It goes up. 90.2 percent. 91.6 percent.”

“If it’s Karmis, that should be enough. Once B.”

After the cold evaluation, Baikal's eyes moved to the next participant.

'Atomic Spring!'

Iruki's breakaway spirit zone flew quickly and exploded in the monsters' faces.

“Looks like an impromptu.”

Pupperpuppung!

It was as if an invisible iron ball was blasting off the monster's head.

“It's actually a fairly high-level detonation equation. And it's accurate. Servant 5 recognizes the shape of an object as a fractal structure. There is no error because it is mathematical.”

Baikal carefully observed Iruki's movement.

“With a neural response speed of 0.024 seconds, it is currently the highest among participants.”

“Hmm.”

Lara wrote the letter 'H' in her notebook, and the pen stopped.

"little… … Aren't you lacking intuition? Accurate doesn't mean efficient. The response is too mechanical.”

“It seems to be a tendency to focus on blocking variables rather than increasing efficiency. Even so, the rate of annihilation is above average.”

“Once B.”

Lara wrote, but Elizabeth pursed her lips.

“Aren’t the standards too high? No matter how high the level of the participants is, it can be seen that there are no disadvantages at this level.”

“There are no advantages without disadvantages. If it were Flu, for example, I would have made a different decision.”

Being compared to the top graduates of the Royal Magic School meant that the standards were high.

“What a mess.”

“Oohhh!”

Screamer, who used the shotgun movement, threw an iron fist at Bugbear.

“A guy whose thinking is paralyzed because he is obsessed with his own strength.”

"Maya! Don't fall behind me!”

Cayden spun around Maya and slashed Cerberus with his sword.

“A guy who forgets his mission and clings to his convictions.”

Sirone's photon cannon stretched out, bending the werewolf's back.

“Give me all the tactics and all the firepower.”

Now even Elizabeth was silent.

“There are cases like this. His abilities are much higher than other schools, but his mental state is not normal. What do you know about the test? Are they doing their own thing?”

No matter how perverted the personality, it was the talent the kingdom wanted to be like a wizard in front of a mission.

“According to the red line regulations, graduates have the first round of negotiations in their home associations.”

If the first round of negotiations breaks down due to treatment, remuneration, or other issues, you can propose scouts from other countries from then on.

“Standards are important to them, not to us. Our job is to find the most competent and report to the Association.”

“… … All right."

I had no choice but to accept Baikal's opinion.

“Still, some are quite useful.”

Fermi's various magics added firepower at the right time, and Dante was also leisurely cooking the enemy by applying an instant magic circle.

Also, Frings's freezing magic was sharp enough to be called a masterpiece.

"no. 1. No.2. No. 22. Grade A.”

Stage 5 annihilation time was nearing its end, with all participants being graded on one action.

'One minute left.'

With the number of monsters still exceeding 200, Sirone's heart became impatient.

'58 seconds. 57 seconds.'

If this continues, a level 6 creature will be summoned to the Colosseum without even having time to recover for 30 seconds.

'It must be finished!'

Those 30 seconds were so desperate for Sirone, who raised her firepower from the beginning.

Puff puff puff!

Scattered photon cannons hit monsters in all directions.

Bugbear with a broken shoulder, Cerberus with one head blown off, and Gargoyle with cracked skin, all of the enemies started running towards Sirone.

“Big!”

Sirone calmed down and fired more photon cannons continuously, but the number of enemies rushing at her was increasing.

“… … Aren't you mistaken?"

Elizabeth asked.

“I fired magic with that power for nearly 10 minutes. My mind must be distracted.”

Everyone, not even a scout, felt that Sirone's accuracy was declining.

“Isn’t that dangerous?”

At Reina's words, Olina shed tears again.

“I don’t notice. If you don’t know, just look.”

Reina, who heard Lian's scolding, patted Olina's shoulder and spoke unfairly.

"But even to a stranger, I'm visibly tired."

Ryan bit his lip and turned his gaze to the Colosseum.

'Sirone... … .'

Only those who have experienced it can know how many individuals the number 100 represents.

"are you okay. There will be no problem.”

"really?"

Now, Reina also relied on her sister's judgment.

“If I died, I would die… … .”

Ryan's voice was firm.

“I’m not the kind of person who gets distracted just because I’m tired.”

'Now!'

Sirone, who had attracted countless monsters, gritted her teeth and focused her mind.

'Elysion!'

Raising the concentration again at the end of the 10-minute sprint takes a lot more mental energy than usual, but it wasn't a bad deal if the annihilation was successful.

'30 seconds. I can recover in just 30 seconds!'

With that thought in mind, his wide-area destructive magic multi-blast was cast.

Kwa-kwa-kwa-kwa-kwa-kwa!

"oh my god… … .”

The spectacle of 7 beams 10 meters in diameter overlapping and exploding mesmerized the audience, and the monsters trapped in the waves of mass broke their limbs and flew around between spheres of light.

'9 seconds! 8 seconds!'

With 7 seconds left, the creatures that were dominated by the multiple beams disintegrated into the smallest pixels and disappeared.

"That's right! I told you!”

Olina shook her shoulders as Lian raised her arms and shouted.

“Magic level of 2.93 million Magical! Heart rate 237 beats per second!”

"what? Episode 237?”

“Average 6,800 crashes in the four points! It is a crash with five points and an impact of 13,000!”

When the VIP seats became noisy, everyone turned to them, and Lian, embarrassed, lowered his hand.

---------------------------------------