Omega 999 (4)

“Sister, you are really amazing.”

Amid the applause of the fire family, Yora Han was dazed when he saw the new technology of the small world creation.

“Can you do something like that?”

“Arman unnie handles metal the best among the Fire Tribe. That’s called rating adjustment.”

Armand drew his sword and checked the blade.

It trembled with a thud as if the sword were alive.

"let's go."

The Hwajok spoke at the time when Yorahhan, who stood up awkwardly, was about to follow Armand.

"be careful. Carnivores also live where Armand unni goes.”

Ecosystems are essential for species to survive.

“But nothing will happen. Armand unnie is really strong. So stick around.”

Johann showed his forearm.

"What are you talking about? I'm pretty strong too.”

The fire tribe laughed as he chased after Armand, throwing punches that did not make sense.

“You are such a good person. Could it be that you are from the fire family?”

They liked Yorahhan.

“Hey, where are you going? Get some rest.”

After leaving the village and climbing the mountain for an hour, Yorahhan was already exhausted.

“To be weak. You said you wandered the world with that kind of stamina?”

Of course, I'm confident that I can climb the mountain, but Armand's speed is really fast.

“If you go around like you, no one will follow you.”

"joy."

Unlike the cold turn, Armand sat down on a rock and handed him a water bottle.

"drink."

“Ah, thank you.”

While drinking water, Yorahhan looked sideways at Armand.

Contrary to her usual ferocious appearance, she had a pretty smile while appreciating the scenery.

"home! home!"

Armand's expression disappeared when he heard the sare.

"what's the matter?"

"No, just. I think you can laugh. I've never seen him smile before."

I could guarantee it because they always stuck together.

“That means you are dangerous to the town. If you realize it, leave now.”

“Why do you hate me? I swear, I have no intention of hurting the fire tribe.”

“Because I am human.”

Armand said.

“The humans I've met so far weren't evil from the beginning. Most of the cases like you approached with good intentions. But it changes over time. As if you're tired of pretending to be nice."

Johann couldn't deny it.

“Why do you hate humans? It's because I resemble a human. Excluding carnivores, fire people get their energy from the sun. An infinite resource that no one needs to have or share. But you and I are different. If we eat something, some other creature has to starve.”

Irman added.

"It's not that I hate you. You don't believe in the malevolent ego of the carnivore. No matter what you think, in the end you will want us too.”

"sorry."

said Johann.

“Yes, you are right. Humans are such a species. To be honest, my heart skipped a beat when I saw you a little while ago.”

Armand didn't react.

“But I will never do anything to hurt you. Because I know what is right and I will act. I think human hope is there.” Good and evil don't matter.

It only matters that we can choose.

“So, can’t you just read my heart, my sincerity, just once? I want to show you.”

"no."

"why? If you want to know what a bad guy I am, you have to know about me first.”

“It's not like that... …

Armand pursed his lips, slightly embarrassed.

“I have never been assimilated with a human.”

"huh'?"

“At first I tried it on animals. It was terrible. What I have to eat and how I have to resonate.”

"ah??????

“They keep telling me to read my mind, but Sose Gyechangyu is not like that. to really become one. Fire tribes with passivity are rather fine. I am willing to accept whatever comes to my mind. but i'm different When the human ego infiltrates me... …

her body trembled

“It is disgusting. To have to take into heart the desires of someone you don't even like.”

I thought I knew what it would feel like.

"Do not misunderstand. It doesn't mean I hate you. But to be honest, I don’t want to be connected.”

Thought he was cold, he felt sick to his stomach, but he fully understood Armand's feelings.

“I thought it was too easy. Creating a small world for you will require more courage than a human dedicating everything to someone else. Sorry."

Armand's eyes showed emotion for the first time, but he soon corrected his expression and stood up.

“Let’s go. We must finish the hunt before nightfall.”

Then the bush swayed.

As Armand and Jorahhan turned around at the same time, a pack of wolves was narrowing the encirclement.

" Shh."

Armand pulled out his longsword.

'The scent of the fire tribe does not call for beasts. It's because of Yorahhan.'

He can't be blamed for bringing it.

“Back off slowly. I will stop you.”

It was the chieftain's condition that he should not kill what he did not eat, but the situation was different now.

'The fire tribe helps humans.'

When the two beliefs collided, a pack of wolves rushed at them with tongues sticking out.

"run!"

To give Jorahhan time to escape, she burrowed into the pack of wolves.

'Is this a beast?'

Even though Armand was a carnivore, he eventually gave up on the belligerence of plants and wolves.

'I can't do it in moderation.'

After completing her resolve, her life was cut short every time she swung her sword while spinning.

“Whoa. Whoa.”

Looking at the scene of the forest littered with corpses of wolves, Armand felt miserable.

"damn! Because of him... … !” iced coffee!

I heard Yorahhan's screams.

Through the small world window, his steps running toward the cliff were transmitted.

"this!"

When they arrived, Yorahhan was surrounded by wolves and was driven to the edge of a cliff.

Wow!

As soon as he fell under the threat of the wolf, Armand threw himself.

'Below the cliff is the rapids.'

Rather, it was the rock protruding in the middle that was the problem.

'Small world creation.'

Armand, who grabbed the vine that flew like a whip, reached out his hand as he fell.

"catch!"

Yorahhan reached out his hand, but the distance was too far.

'I will die at this rate.'

Hitting a rock wall would have killed you instantly.

' Humans... …

With an almost unconscious manifestation, Armand used the Small World Creation on Jorahhan.

“Huh!”

Her face brightened.

'You bastard!'

When are you confident?

Unknowingly, thoughts about her rushed like waves.

'This is why I hate it. Why should I be humiliated like this? Confidently on such a subject... …

At that moment, I began to see something that was at the center of Yorahhan's desire.

'Patience, faith, consideration.'

All the effort he had to endure so far to protect the feelings of others.

"ah."

She felt it for the first time.

'This is how it feels.'

to be loved.

When you think of the other person first, desire breaks the cloudy shell and reveals the beautiful truth.

'I'm not hurt.'

As long as he does his best to protect Armand.

'Jorahhan.'

she gave her heart

'Accept me.'

Jorahhan could not describe in words the feeling of becoming one with Armand.

'It's like this.'

It was a unity that transcended domination and subjugation, never felt among humans.

'The perfect one.'

Yorahhan's body moved on its own to avoid the rocks, but the rapids could not do anything about it.

“Eh]'!”

As soon as he fell into the water, the small world window broke, and Armand left the vine and jumped down.

“Yorahan!”

Her body sank into the water without even foaming.

Ten years have passed in Gaold's world while Sirone's dream is in progress.

In a compromised world, daily life was monotonous and there was very little data to process.

“Congratulations, Gaold.”

Except for today.

“To get such a young bride. Well, this is also an ability. Eat lots of good things. chuckle!”

Gaulde, who entered the waiting room while receiving congratulations from people, stood in front of the mirror.

A skinny old man in his 60s was standing there.

"are you okay? What's wrong with your expression?"

Kang Nan came over and touched his clothes.

“Relax. It is the day your dreams come true.”

"my dream."

"know. It's kind of weird. But in reality, you gave everything for Miro. There is no terrible pain here, no war. Isn't that what happened?"

“Terrible pain.”

Oh, it was.

I suffered every moment in pain that could not be avoided or died.

“Come on, let’s go see the bride. Have a little laugh! Because no one is saying anything to you.”

When the groom arrived at the bride's waiting room, the people inside moved away.

“Go in.”

Gaold pushed closer to the door, as if there were no walls, and knocked softly.

“Yes, come in.”

What future awaits?

When I opened the door and entered the waiting room

Is......?

"mister."

All of Gaold was waiting.

Miro dressed as a bride is so beautiful, I wish time would stop right now.

"what? why do you look like that Am I weird?”

I waited for decades until I became an adult, but on the other hand, it seemed like it was yesterday.

"you?… ”

Gaold laughed bitterly.

“It seems to be getting younger and younger.” Weren't we, magic school alumni in real life?

"haha."

Understanding the meaning of the words, Miro approached Gaold.

"what's the matter? It's still cool. And at a wedding, the bride is the main character. It's fine if I'm pretty."

It was really pretty.

"Ho Ho! Are your eyes full of lust? I'll see you today though."

“… … Won't you regret it?"

Miro asked again with a friendly smile.

"why? Do you think you will regret it?”

"no."

Regret in the face of this moment is impossible for humans.

“Then I have no regrets. Because I Love You."

It was true.

In case there is no more reality left to protect the labyrinth of the polar line.

“It’s a ceremony soon. see you later."

When Gaold nodded and left the waiting room, Arius, who had become an old dog, greeted him.

Seeing Gaold's expression, Sein asked.

“What are you thinking?”

They weren't close friends here either, but his keen eye couldn't be fooled.

"what? I have no idea.”

“You, just in case… …

Gaold shook his head and stood up.

"don't worry."

Sane watched for a long time as Gaold walked away after tapping his shoulder a couple of times.

The wedding was held in the style of Tormia, with all the guests except for Sirone.

“The groom’s position.”

The applause and whistles did not stop until Gaold walked to the podium.

“Then let’s call today’s main event, the bride.”

When Miro, wearing a veil, appeared holding Se-in's hand, the guests were excited.

“You are the best bride.”

'mister.'

Miro slowly raised his gaze and saw Gaold with a big smile in his eyes.

The guests burst into laughter.

"ha ha ha! The bridegroom is so good that he is dying!”

But soon tears welled up in Gaold's eyes, and his face contorted into tears.

“Big!”

The wedding hall shook violently, and countless pupils began to rush into the ceiling.

Gaold gritted his teeth and headed forward.

“It’s a maze.”

I had a dream.

bright and beautiful dreams.

“Let’s go back.”

Miro took off her veil.

“You have to protect the world. I won't compromise, because I can be more patient... …

Gaold's hair turned white.

“Let’s go back.”

To our lives where every moment is pain.

When the will to serve someone transcends desire, the mind loses its limits.

“Gaold.”

Miro called him for the first time.

continues in the next volume