[194] 6. Anecdotal Liquor (3)

“Feope! please forgive me! Adding my and Lena's lifespan together is a cut of 80 years. I forced my brother into it. So at least my sister, please forgive me!”

“What about 40 years? After all, don't you only live 60 years at most? Would you be able to do all the things you want to do in 5 years?”

It is lifespan that determines biological characteristics. Fairies have reason like humans, but their way of thinking is completely different as they live an eternal lifespan.

A fairy's life gives her plenty of time to make up for her mistakes. So, although he is honest and honest, he had no way to understand the feelings of a human with a limited lifespan.

It is as if there is no human being who knows how precious an hour of life is.

In particular, from the point of view of Peope, who was born only a year ago, death was just a word that would only come to mind a thousand years later.

Kanya's mother collapsed on the floor. I knew that my newly appointed articles of association were clumsy, but she never dreamed that she would make such a disastrous judgment.

“Feope, you are the executor of the law. However, no one in the fairy realm has ever dealt with such severe punishment. It was 20 years for me alone. Please change your mind.”

"what? You're just ignoring me because I'm only a year old! I know everything I know! The executors of the law have the power to adjudicate life spans of up to 50 years. Are you rebelling against my own authority?”

“If you really made that judgment, please tell me why you would agree.”

“Huh, good! Then I'll tell you! Caña and Lena's unauthorized departure from heaven reduces their lifespan by 20 years! And the remaining 20 years are the sin of bringing heresy! Wouldn’t that be dissatisfied?”

Peope pointed at Sirone and the others and said. There was no report that heresy had entered, but it was a fact that I confirmed with my own eyes when I came here, so there was no problem in making a judgment.

“Feope! These people are not heretics! The boy here is a Nephilim.”

“Yes, the Nephilim?”

Feope stared at Sirone.

Are they really Nephilim?

descendant of angels. free from the law. The original knowledge given at the time of birth passed through my head.

Since fairies are not the adjusters of the law, they can only be charged with certain laws. Therefore, it was true that no punishment could be imposed on the Nephilim.

Even so, Peope did not back down.

As the youngest of 48,000 fairies in the 72nd class of fairies, she recalled the verbal violence suffered by her senior sisters every day. If she did not establish her authority here and went back, she would be a laughing stock until the next youngest was born.

“Even if I do, the sin doesn’t change! Let the Nephilim pass! But not all will be Nephilim! Therefore, the sin of introducing heresy will be punished!”

Kanya's mother raised her head and retorted.

“I am not a Nephilim, but I am a friend of the Nephilim. It is against the law to accuse them of heresy.”

“Shut up! How can a subject discuss the law with the executor of the law! I am carrying out Ra's will. To go against me is to go against God!”

"Wait a minute."

When Sirone stood up from her knees, Feope crossed her arms and looked back at him.

Fighting the Nephilim was not a good thing, but even the Nephilim had no authority to get involved in the execution of the law.

"what? I will not forgive you if it interferes with enforcement.”

"No, I'm trying to correct my misunderstanding. We are not brought by that girl. just followed Then you can't blame that girl, can you?"

"What are you talking about? Are you following me?”

“I found that girl by chance outside of heaven. It just came in as I opened the door. I can go anywhere because I am free from the law. That's why I came to this house to have dinner. So there is nothing wrong with those two sisters.”

“Who knows who would be fooled by such a lie?”

“Then prove it. I want you to prove that what I am saying is false.”

The mecha system in heaven catches any small variable, but cannot read emotions.

Numerous information verifies the situation in which Sirone and the others came in with Kanya, but it was impossible to understand their relationship. All of this happened because Sirone was a Nephilim.

Feope rolled her eyes here and there.

You have to find another way somehow. If rumors spread that he was played by human words, he would be ridiculed for a thousand years.

"good night. If so, it restores Kanya and Lena's lifespan by 20 years. And the entry of the Nephilim is also permitted. However, those who remain must be heretics who deny the law, so we will shorten their lifespan. You there, tell me your name first.”

Peope pointed at Arin and said.

Of course, Arin didn't answer.

I don't know the exact cause, but the ability to grant life seems to require a name. Arin was not foolish enough to openly write her name in her killing book.

"Nope. Why do I have to tell you your name?”

“These are real! It's a shallow heresy, so you don't know the fear of fairies!”

Sirone said with a disapproving expression.

“What do you think of human life? You are not going to die one day either.”

“I am Jeong. It cannot be compared to human life! Besides, I've only lived a year! You have very, very much left before the end of your life.”

Sirone snorted.

The future is the future because it eventually comes. That's why we honor those who lived first, and commemorate them when they leave the world.

Feope didn't seem to realize that the concept of the future was of an indestructible nature.

No, you probably never even thought about it.

said to be one year old. Compared to the age of a human being, I could guess how immature they were.

Feope put her hand on her waist and said.

“Okay, it’s going to come out like this, right? For the sin of not revealing your names, you will be judged by those higher than me. And Kanya and Lena will get another 30 years for hiding the blasphemous heresy, and both of them will get 50 years off their lives!”

Kanya's family was devastated.

In 50 years, as soon as the law is executed, Kanya dies.

In fact, it was the top of the 72nd class of fairies who were actually executing life spans, so they wouldn't die right away, but it was an obvious fact that once the report was raised, it would be dealt with within a few hours.

Feope, who had been evaluating her own judgment, turned around as if she had completed a difficult task today.

“With this the verdict is over. Then I'm done.”

Feope, who was flying toward the door, stopped flying.

Ryan and Tess were blocking the door. Sirone and Amy surrounded her on either side of her.

“Hmm, are you trying to subdue it by force? Me, a fairy?”

“There is nothing I can do. Think of it as catching a sparrow.”

"okay? Then where do you go?”

Feope widened her eyes.

Then, Lian's expression as he grabbed the handle of the greatsword crumpled. He was twisting his arm under a strange force. Tess, unaware of her situation, grabbed her by the shoulder of Lian's, and she felt the same pain.

"Ho Ho! If you don't move quickly, it will break.”

The ability of a fairy, which is a single concept, has many similarities with eating out. It is to expand the concept and use it like magic.

Feofe was born in the spiral, and as such, she has mastery over all things torsion. It was difficult for him to hold on even with Lian, who had the strength of a schema user.

However, as the body began to carry out 100% of the instructions of the brain, the body moved little by little. As he swung the greatsword, the power of the spiral was broken and Peope stumbled.

Tess looked for an opening and stabbed the saber.

Feope, who evaded by flying into the sky, looked at her in disbelief.

schema. It was a giant's skill.

Fairies and giants are the two main pillars of maintaining this world. That's why I was thinking that each of them was superior to each other even though they were equal according to the law. That's why it was a shame to lose to the giant's technology in any situation.

“These are real!”

Feope moved fast enough to draw a picture with an afterimage.

As Lian and Tess' movements overlapped, there was a gap in movement.

Aiming at that moment, Peope hit the door with the power of the spiral. The center of the iron door was crumpled in a clockwise direction, and the light chip was broken and the door leaf fell off.

“Ho-ho-ho! stupid guys! So goodbye!"

Peope, rushing outside, felt something strange. For some reason, his speed was slowing down.

As Sirone approached from the front, he flew up to the ceiling, but even that was slow.

By the time I realized that time was passing slowly, I was already caught in Sirone's grip.

Sirone released the slow and held Feope in front of her eyes. Her expression, caught, was dazed.

“How about time?”

Controlling time is the magic of light. However, there was no light in the room that could be amplified by magic.

Source knowledge passed through Peope's head. The Nephilim are descendants of angels. And the angel... … He was the ruler of light.

'this… … !'

Feope was crying. He struggles to get out, but Sirone's strength is stronger.

No, the fairy's physical strength was weak.

The strength of the fairies, who are specialized in mental strength, was the lowest among the laws.

“Let go! I mean, let go of this!”

Peope's struggles were not ticklish.

Then she clenched her teeth and cast a spell. The moment the power of the spiral was imbued, Sirone grabbed her hand.

Feope's eyes widened and the air in her stomach burst out of her mouth.

“Haaaaagh! stop! I'm going to explode!”

“Return the lifespan of the family to normal.”

Peope's face, which had been weeping, turned cold.

"joy! trying to intimidate? But it's no use. I am the one who reports to the superiors, but I am not the one who enforces it. Since you attacked the enforcer of the law, even if you are a Nephilim, you will not be safe. You better release it quickly.”

"Threat? It could kill you.”

If she can't change Peope's heart, Kanya will die. He couldn't claim that he wasn't responsible for it.

As I applied strength to my grip, Peope's complexion turned pale. Even so, the enforcer's pride was not abandoned.

“Lord, kill me. Not scary at all.”

The more he pressed Feope, the stronger his pulse felt.

It was a fragile creature. It looks like it could be broken for fun.

she was afraid

“Aren’t you afraid? But why are you shaking?”

Feope, who was ridiculed, raised her eyes fiercely.

“The annihilation of existence is a law that everyone is afraid of! Even knowing that fact, you choose death! Don't compare yourself to lesser humans like you!”

“Then die.”

“Kill! I mean kill! You can die anytime!”

Sirone lifted Feope. When he hit the floor, he died instantly.

Feope's trembling became stronger. Just the thought of the little corpse with its guts ruptured made him feel bad.

Feope let out a sad cry.

You will live for one year and leave. Even the dream of becoming the number one member of the 72nd class of fairies ended today.

As Feope's tears flowed down the back of her hand, Sirone frowned.

How should we accept this world where even essential values ​​are dominated?

“Choosing death despite being afraid? why? Why can't you just think like that?"

"joy! People like you can't understand! But I won't say anything! As an enforcer of the law, I will not yield to humans!”

"okay. If you gave up your life, you would be as good as dead, so I will take your life with ease.”

Feope's face was covered with tears.

I wish you could save me. But what should I say when I tell you that I will kill you with the power of life and death in my hands?

Do you mean to get down on your knees and pray? It was unacceptable for the enforcer of the law to obey his subjects.

"okay! kill! I mean kill them quickly!”

“But if you ask for help, I will.”

---------------------------------------