[607] To someone (5)

At the moment when Armand's blade wrapped around Sirone's body formed the skeleton, a sense of difference in speed occurred.

Unlike the robe that covered her body unknowingly when she activated Diamond Armament, Sirone could clearly feel the flow of fibers emanating from the blade, and Nade, on the other hand, was approaching at too fast a speed.

'I can't make it on time.'

Nade's claw scratched Shirone's face from the top of her head before she even transformed into the state of armed with diamonds.

'I have to turn it back!'

As soon as the Buddha statue exploded, the reality of burning her face dissipated into a nightmare that never happened, and her fingernails passed in front of Sirone's eyes as he bent his upper body wide.

It was as if lightning had fallen.

"this… … !”

He evaded the attack by returning one second of the past to reality, but Armand also reversed the incident to the state before activating Diamond Armament.

'Let's run away!'

He tried his best to cast teleportation, but the spark magic jumped through space like the movement of electrons and stuck Nade in the destination.

“Big!”

As if he couldn't stand the saturated state of electricity himself, Nade again rained lightning all over the place.

As the Spirit Zone perfectly matched the electricity, the power realized was beyond artificiality, and as all the atmospheric charges were discharged, a huge thunderbolt struck the ground.

Qurrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr!

There is no reason.

It's just a giant thunderbolt.

"shit! What the hell did you do to get to that point!”

Iruki shouted as he rolled down the hillside while hugging Oscar.

If your mind had already been assimilated with electricity, it would be impossible to even escape.

"I am… … I did not know."

Oscar, who had eaten Nade with thunderbolts, servilely made excuses, but there was no room for anger at him.

“Here! We have to save Sirone!”

As Iruki climbed the hillside, he saw Sirone, who looked as if he would be burned by Nade's hands at any moment.

'That can't even be canceled.'

Only God can.

“Nade! Wake!"

Sirone shouted without giving up, but now even his voice could not be heard.

A thunderstorm struck and Nade, dressed in plasma, suddenly approached.

'Golden Armed Forces!'

As soon as he recognized the future one second later with the explosion of the statue of Buddha, the golden body line unfolded grotesquely, including Armand's numerous changes.

“Huh!”

Armand was equipped with a hair's breadth, and Akamai, equipped with an artificial brain, activated the antithesis.

'It doesn't work.'

Taking the will away from an unmotivated being didn't change anything, and Nade's claw struck his side.

“Keugh!”

The silver metal, which is the ringer's upper, stood out at the place where the fingernails were stamped, but the shock of the electric shock coming through the conductor was considerable.

'Santan movement!'

Seven photon cannons, excluding Sirone, spread all over the place, but none of them could even touch Nade's hair.

'then… … !'

After widening the distance, Sirone gritted her teeth and swung her tentacles.

The two tentacles swayed, creating black afterimages, and then attacked Nade so quickly that they could not be seen.

chin! Tentacles caught on Nade's arm, which crossed in an X with a noise.

"what… … !”

As I clenched my fists, the burnt tentacles snapped with a thud.

'That's the problem.'

Iruki bit his lip.

The power of magic assimilation was close to a disaster, but what was more serious was the fairy tale itself.

'I didn't catch it by looking at it with my own eyes.'

Reaction after sensory acceptance.

For example, it was as if a stone flying from behind reacted the moment it touched her hair and avoided it.

'That's the fear of 100 percent affinity.'

If the spirit zone were electricity, the reaction speed of the senses would have already surpassed the realm of living things.

This was the basis for Iruki's judgment that the current sironero would be difficult to catch Nade.

“Kuaaa!”

Still, there are drawbacks.

The more Nade's control power is eroded by magic assimilation, the farther away he is from human thinking.

As expected, he didn't move even when he was breathing, and he was sucking up the charge of the plasma according to the providence of nature.

“Nade! please… … !”

Thousands of wire-like lightning bolts came out of Nade's body in a flash.

While Shirone and Iruki briefly raised their heads at the blindingly intense light, Nade arrived in front of Oscar before he knew it.

“Aww! Save people!”

Shirone and Iruki jumped at the same time, but Nade's hand was already aimed at Oscar with electricity.

“Nade! no!"

“Kuaaaaa!”

Just as Nade was about to burn Oscar's skull, Iruki shouted.

“It’s the life Liz gave me!”

The electricity around Nade flickered and the claw stopped right in front of Oscar's eyes.

“Huhhhh!”

Iruki shouted again while Oscar, who had already lost his mind, burst into tears like a child and shook his limbs.

“If you cross the line, you will never come back!”

The electric charge surrounding Nade began to stabilize.

“Senior Liz… … .”

A hoarse voice leaked out.

“It was my everything.”

"Help me! Please save me!”

It's just holding on with reason, and even a wizard is afraid of death.

And the only thing left for Oscar, who had already lost his reason, was the instinct to protect the pitiful life.

“That bastard, you really controlled it.”

The violence of Magic Fairy Tale awakened by lightning was on a different level from what Iruki had seen, but Nade suppressed it this time too.

“Sirone.”

As he looked back at Sirone, a foreign memory popped up in Nade's mind.

'I was going to kill you.'

Nade said tearfully to Sirone, who was wearing Armand's robe and was closely guarded.

"Sorry. Sorry."

As soon as he finished speaking, Nade collapsed on his knees.

“Nade! Wake! Nade!”

Sirone ran and shook him, but only a single tear fell from his closed eyes.

* * *

“Mmm.”

The first thing Nade saw when he woke up was the dormitory ceiling flickering between his eyelids.

“… … .”

I didn't even think about getting up as I tried to reconnect the scattered thoughts in my head.

"uh? Iruki! Nade woke up!”

Shirone entered through the door and called to Iruki in the hallway.

"what? Really.”

Iruki's smiling face came into Nade's field of vision, who was still motionless.

“Did you sleep well?”

“… … How long has it been?”

Sirone said.

“A day and a half. It's dinner soon.”

"okay… … .”

Nade, who was deep in thought again, asked after a while.

“What about Oscar?”

“I am alive.”

Ned thought this would be the most curious.

“No, I remember. How did it go?”

Shirone exchanged glances with Iruki.

“I went to the plaza in the morning and checked it out, and it was posted on the bulletin board. Oscar-san passed the special recruitment.”

“… … .”

There is no way to know if he was obsessed with it to the end even after going through the chaos or if things were handled naturally because he was distracted, but it is probably the former.

“Oscar is also a wizard, so you must have made the best decision.”

"okay. Adults... … You have a very hard life.”

said Iruki.

“There is nothing more important than the matter of eating and living.”

“I talked to you for a while after you passed out, but Mr. Oscar didn’t mean to do that from the beginning. At a social gathering in the capital, I was offered to come alone after receiving a proposal from the head of the headquarters, but Mr. Liz was stubborn and even took a vacation... … .”

“You were there to meet me.”

Nade understood her feelings.

“What do you want to do now? Would you like to go to the press room with us? If you don't get upset... … .”

Nade's head turned to the side.

“It doesn’t matter anyway. Whether or not to join the association. I'm just worried about senior Liz. You should have left by now, right?”

“I guess so. You should know about Mr. Oscar by now.”

Nade closed his eyes.

“Let me rest a little longer. I'm tired."

Sirone pulled the blanket up to her neck.

“Okay, sleep a little longer. We'll have dinner and bring some of your own."

There was no answer, and Shirone and Iruki cautiously left the room.

1 hour after that.

Sirone opened the door with dinner on a plate.

“Nade, eat some of this. what?"

Therefore, Iruki who had entered also looked around blankly.

The duvets were neatly folded, and the curtains fluttered in the wind coming in from the open windows.

* * *

'I'm sure you've already left... … .'

Nevertheless, Nade headed to the Dolphin Inn.

Although he had already emptied his mind, his heart sank the moment he looked inside through the window of the inn.

“Senior Liz… … .”

I could see the back of Liz, who was sitting at the bar with her head bowed, empty bottles beside her.

Nade's tears welled up at the thought that she still had something here.

“That woman… … Aren’t you drinking too much?”

"Leave it alone. It must have been a broken heart.”

Listening to the whispers behind her, Liz emptied her strong drink again.

Her body bent on its own, and only her slender wrists were precariously supporting her heavy head.

"why… … .”

Did he come here with Oscar?

At the peak of happiness ahead of the engagement ceremony with the person you love, why was he the person who came to mind?

“Big!”

The warehouse was blown away without a trace, and Wiz and the wizard were nowhere to be seen.

Nade, struck by Ultrix's electric shock, could not suppress the murderous intent that boiled from his mind.

'shit! This is my first time!'

Occasionally, magic assimilation occurs instinctively, but the electric shock coming from outside was uncontrollable.

“Aaaaaaa!”

As electricity discharged, Liz's surroundings burned black.

“Run away!”

Nade desperately suppressed his strength and squeezed out his words.

“Nade! What happened?"

“Go quickly! If you stay here, you will die too!”

“Then what do you do?”

I couldn't run away with the person who saved my life in front of me.

"doesn't care. Anyway I... … .”

Nade, who had come to an idea somewhere, said with a twisted corner of his mouth.

"Because he's not worth living for."

Abandoned by his family and turned into a monster, he had no meaning in life.

"no. I will go with you.”

Having made up her mind, Liz approached.

"it's crazy? Don't come closer.”

The moment it touches your body, you will be electrocuted, and unless you are in a magical assimilation state, you will not be able to withstand it.

“You just have to be patient. You are still holding back.”

Liz slowly reached out and put a hand on Nade's shoulder.

“Aww!”

As I desperately suppressed my strength at the thought that I couldn't kill her, vicious veins appeared on my face.

"stop… … please. I can't stand it any longer... … .”

“Then we will die together.”

Liz, who confirmed that it worked, closed her eyes tightly and hugged Nade tightly.

“Aaaaaaa!”

At the same time, Nade, who blocked the release of electricity, struggled in pain.

“Let go! Just go!”

"you can do it! Cheer up a little more!”

“There is no reason to live anyway! A guy like me would rather die!”

“There is no reason to live! You saved me!”

"Idiot, that's... … .”

Liz kissed her as her limbs stretched out in a mental explosion.

“Huh!”

As the soft woman's lips were transmitted through the nerves of his whole body, his runaway mind began to regain stability little by little.

Nade hugged Liz around the waist, and the two of them shuddered at the limitless freedom, leaving everything to each other's actions.

blue electricity.

Liz defined it that way.

It was her first kiss that will forever remain as an afterimage no matter how much time passes.

“Black! Whoops!”

Liz's shoulders shook sadly as she buried her face in her arms, and Nade, who watched from outside the window, covered her face with her palms and shed tears.

“Aww. Aaaaaa.”

No sweet lies needed.

“Ughhh. Whoops.”

There was a time when it was good just to like it.

“Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa. Aaaaaa.”

Numerous things I had to miss because I was innocent.

Leaving all of that behind, Nade's brightest school days were coming to an end.

---------------------------------------