[282] 3. Late Night Ball (3)

"well. I'm just a seller. Since you saw the demonstration yourself, isn’t the original presentation made by the buyer?”

Jiyeon bit her lip.

No matter how much you deny it, the reality is clear. Ataraxia had a much higher value than Armand. No, I wanted to have it by any means, regardless of its value.

“Four billion. It's almost all of my possessions. Will this be enough?”

“Well, four billion.”

If it was 4 billion, it would be enough to build four magic schools at the current market price. But Arius didn't like it.

Honestly, no matter how much I gave it, it was the same.

<Magic Sword Armand> Also, it was an item that was sold for 3 billion won, but if it was handed over to the Curia auction, it could be presented with a blank check at least S grade or higher.

Nevertheless, the reason why it was not handed over to the auction is because it is a stolen property.

Of course, most of the objects are stolen goods, but there was room for the tails to be trampled on by the pursuers if the stolen items were put up for auction.

Money was not very important to Arius anyway, so selling it to Zeon, which was the safest, was the only business left.

When Arius showed that he was not satisfied with 4 billion, Jion became impatient. This is because the desire for something that is not easily obtained grows even bigger.

However, if the funds were stripped away, it would only add about 700 million won to the current amount.

Wu Lin would have ten times as much as 4.7 billion, but it would be foolish to waste money on one chance to ask her for help.

Since Arius isn't obsessed with material things anyway, Jion decided to pull out the last card.

“In addition to that, I will make Theraje stand in line.”

As expected, Arius' eyes sparkled.

Theraze, the emperor of Kashan, is one of the three emperors with the most power on the continent. If he can get her asylum, he won't have to live as a fugitive anymore.

However, Jion did not have the authority to request personnel appointments. Uorin was the only gateway that could enter Theraje's line.

Ji-on looked at his younger sister's expression with a sidelong glance and asked.

“Uorin, can you do that?”

It was the first request in my life, but I was sure it would be my last request. With Ataraxia, you can win and win on your own.

Just once, just this one time.

“Then Sirone oppa is going to die?”

“Perhaps. There is no guarantee that you will die just because your head is cut off.”

Knowing that his sister has a crush on Sirone, Zion said the crazy thing that Arius did. But it was a pretty good pun to get around.

“Hmm.”

Uorin put a finger on her lips and looked up at the ceiling.

I don't want to get involved in Kazura's politics, but I feel sorry for Jion's struggles lately, and on the other hand, I feel sorry for his incompetence. It seems like this will be the last chance anyway, so it's good to patronize.

"OK got it. I'll tell Mom.”

Ji-on let out a sigh of relief.

It was ironic to feel nervous about what a family could have done, but permission was granted anyway, so it didn't matter anymore.

“Okay, the deal is done. 4 billion, plus Theraze line. Behead Sirone tonight. And bring me Ataraxia.”

Arius blinked and raised his hand.

"for a moment. Are you telling me to do that now?”

"What are you talking about? If the grave robber doesn’t do it, who will?”

“No, that’s because the prince doesn’t know, this is a professional job. I am an expert in grave robbery, but combat is not my major. I especially hate seeing blood.”

Zion looked at him in bewilderment.

No matter how many non-combat wizards there are in the world, they have enough combat power to overcome dangerous situations.

Is it reasonable to say that humans, who just a moment ago were raving about having to have their brains removed, say they don't want to see blood?

“Does it make sense that you can’t fight? Still, isn’t Sirone going to win?”

“It is not a matter of winning or losing. Even if I eat all the swear words in the world, I am an authority in psychoanalysis. It was once ranked among the top 100 intellectuals in the world. Can you imagine me holding a knife and decapitating an eighteen-year-old boy?”

“So what? Do you want me to go and kill you?”

“If you can do it, you better do it.”

When Arius raised his hand and pretended to pass it on, Jion gnashed his teeth. But he couldn't be forced to do it even though the person concerned said he couldn't do it.

“I can’t. I will.”

“Oh, as expected, Prince. You are manly.”

When Arius instigated it, Zion snorted. There were plenty of people who could secretly decapitate an eighteen-year-old boy without looking outside.

“But I can't have blood on my hands. I have no choice but to write a professional job here. Xenoger.”

Having said that, Ji-on looked into the void.

Sensing something, his gaze slowly descended and fixed on Arius's shoulder.

Arius showed a firm smile as he stroked the back of his neck.

“Huh, this makes me scared to look back.”

As soon as Arius finished speaking, his life disappeared like a lie. After a while, a man hung upside down in front of Arius came down.

A thin thread, apparently coming from the hip, was connected to the ceiling. The legs are crossed as if sitting, and both hands are gathered in the danjeon to form a circle.

His face was skinny, and his thin nose bent vertically from the bridge of his nose. Her lips were as thin as ever. In particular, the eyes were not the usual streamlined shape, but a perfect circle, and even that was small.

“Did you call, Prince?”

Zion turned to Arius and introduced him.

“Greetings. This is my personal bodyguard, Spatur Xenogger. Xenoger, this is Arius.”

Xenogger twisted the thread while hanging upside down to deflect it. That way he nodded to Zion, then turned back to Arius.

“Of course I know. Because I've seen it many times. Of course, this person will be seeing me for the first time.”

Arius smiled like an incontinence.

Obviously seeing Xenoger for the first time. However, he must have been watching himself every time he came to the gallery.

“Wow, that’s great workmanship. Where were you hiding?”

Xenoger replied with an emotionless face like a corpse.

“Are you hiding? I was always behind you?”

“Won, even kidding… … .”

Arius's eyes narrowed even more.

maybe it's true Unless there are eyes on the back of your head, the world behind your back doesn't exist.

However, stepping on the back of the Madou 7 girls is not that easy, so it would be good for your mental health to think of it as a joke.

“Do you think it is a lie?”

As he said that, flesh bulged from both cheekbones and temples of Xenoger. Subsequently, the epidermis was split, and six additional eyes, three each, developed.

It had no pupils and had purple eyes like grapes.

8 eyes in total. Perhaps his blindness is 15 degrees at most.

'A person with mimicry ability... … .'

As expected by Arius, Xenoger was a master of spider mimicry, a type of skima taijutsu.

Mimicry means to create organs completely different from humans by rapidly transforming cell traits through schema.

However, in order to cause extreme mutations like Xenoger's, genetic power must be added.

The Spatur clan, which has been responsible for the safety of the Theraze family for generations, has been transforming their bodies into spiders for nearly a thousand years. As it was passed on through genetics, it was equipped with the ability to mimic a perfect spider.

Arius looked away from Xenoger and looked at Uorin.

The children of Theraze always have personal bodyguards attached. Therefore, Uorin's bodyguards must have been here as well.

Arius looked as wide as possible as far as the movement of his eyes allowed. But no matter where he looked, the assassin was nowhere to be seen.

perhaps… … She might have been standing behind her.

Thinking like that made me a little creepy.

I refrain from entering the spirit zone in front of the royal family because it can cause misunderstandings, but even if I searched with synesthesia, there was a high probability that I would not be caught.

This is because competent assassins acquire a unique skill that goes undetected by the Spirit Zone.

'Whoa, this is why I can't give up on this life.'

After the strange voice over, Ji-on went back to the main topic.

“Shall we plan a plan now? Xenoger will be in charge of killing Sirone, no, separating her brain from her body. If the head is cut off, you can go in and get Ataraxia.”

Arius was no longer dissatisfied.

“Of course it is. Mobility is sufficient. But the second thing to consider is stealth. No one should know about the current operation except the people gathered in this room.”

Zeon immediately understood and asked Xenoger.

“Can you do it without anyone knowing?”

“That doesn't matter. If you follow someone, at some point you will definitely end up alone. If not, why not just kill everyone in the seat?”

“Of course, that could be one way. But I want to reduce the number of variables as much as possible.”

Arius said.

“The tricky thing is the two women. Reina has to do her job, so she can get away with it, but a woman named Amy will stick with Sirone. She is also the daughter of the Karmis family. If you leave her free, there may be variables.”

Hearing Arius' words, Xenoger's face again had 8 pupils.

Having activated his mimicry ability, he was a perfect spider. Even though he existed in front of my eyes, it felt like his reality had faded.

“There are no mistakes for me.”

Arius pushed his hands together and made a gesture to calm down.

“Whoa, it’s not that I don’t believe in my skills. But, assuming, it is.”

Ji-on, who was deep in thought with his chin on his chin, made a decision.

“Okay then let me hold Amy while you guys take care of your business. It's killing me. Wouldn't it be over in 5 minutes? Then, can I just hold it for about an hour?”

"Oh, that's how you like it."

Zion did not deny it.

"what… … Are you pretty? If it's a one-night stand, it might be your preference.”

Arius was bitter at the words that came out of the boy's mouth. Well, since I was born and raised in the royal castle, I had to see that the intensity of my experience was different from that of other adolescents.

In any case, he was not interested in the royal family. Steal the power of an archangel. That alone thrilled him.

“Then let’s set a place and time.”

While the three of them meticulously planned, Woo-rin spent a boring time neglected in a corner.

When I stroked the cat, it meowed and meowed. She smiled her eyes too and she replied meow.

@

The royal castle was in a festive mood.

Sirone, the candidate for the first prince, showed off his mighty majesty, so the servants were moved to tears even if they were forced to.

A grand party was held, and even after the sun had set, the Grand Hall was as bright as daytime.

Long tables were set up along the perimeter of the hall, and delicacies were served. Nobles and nobles chatted while the court musicians resounded.

The nobles who flowed along with the food that suits their taste greeted Sirone.

“The demonstration was good. That was a really great validation. The test results haven't come out yet, but looking at your dance, it's clear that Your Highness has blood, heh heh heh.”

As Sirone listened, the quick-witted noble responded.

“Is it possible? The reunion after 18 years is like that, and it's all thanks to Your Highness's merits reaching the sky. Sirone-sama thinks so too, doesn’t it?”

Sirone did not respond this time either.

don't be fooled anymore The king's laws and manners are nothing more than a mask to hide his true feelings. When you take off that mask, everyone has a cold face like you.

'Are these people enemies or allies?'

The royal family seemed to be destined to live with such thoughts for the rest of their lives.

The loudest person in the banquet hall was Eliza.

Even though she had never raised her, the compliments did not stop as if she knew everything about Sirone.

---------------------------------------