[55] overflow(5)

The terrible accident may not have happened. He was an honest and pure person like Sirone.

Then he lost his light. The genius God especially cherished lost his light because of himself who was just a coward.

"okay. I know what you guys are thinking.”

Shiina came out of the flashback.

“I respect Sirone’s thoughts and will not force her to leave.”

“No, before that, when do you respect the president’s thoughts?”

“Whoops. Can I afford to play with words? It's one month ahead. If the school doesn't produce convincing research results, the Supernatural Psychic Research Society will disband. The research society that produced many graduates will end at your university.”

Nade's heart sank. Come to think of it, she wasn't just sitting on her sidewalk.

The seniors of the Supernatural Psychic Research Society have broken the school's evaluation of being poor and are occupying important positions in the Wizarding Society. In particular, Mikea Gaold, the current head of the Magic Association, was a source of pride for generations. If the life of the research society is cut off in their generation, they will have no face to see them in society.

'Oh, that's crazy. What do we do?'

They said they would give it a month, but it was nothing more than political rhetoric to dismantle the study group. Above all, there has never been an official presentation at the Supernatural Psychic Research Society. How can you logically investigate the existence of a ghost or god that may or may not exist? Driven to a dead end, Nade abandoned her face and everything and clung to Shiina.

"teacher! please give me a chance! Is there any other way other than the presentation? Teachers know the truth. Our research society has meaning in its existence itself! It is the only research society that can strike a blow at the wizarding society that only believes in logic!”

Shiina didn't even snort.

"So, please, I'm telling you to give it a shot. I can't give up this time. Since the agenda has already been raised to the teachers' meeting, it is impossible to withdraw it. I hope you make the right decision.”

When Shiina left the study group, the sound of the iron door closing signaled the children to sit down on the sofa. My mind was blank as if I had woken up from a dream. With a clatter, the Ystas' engine apparatus began to return the laboratory to its original position.

Gauge Symmetry(1)

leisurely holiday.

Normally, Sirone would be stuck in the library even on his day off, but now he was sitting in the central park in a daze. Iruki and Nade also sat side by side and sipped their juice.

“What time is it?”

"I don't know. It's not night anyway."

“It’s thousand.”

A dull silence ensued. When Sirone sighed, two more sighs followed in quick succession. In the end, Sirone, who couldn't stand it, jumped up and looked back at them and shouted.

“What are you going to do, the study group? Shouldn’t you be thinking about a topic to present at a time like this?”

"okay. Let's think. What research projects could we get approved by the school?”

Nade shook his head.

“As far as I know, I’ve never had a presentation itself. Of course, I did a lot of funny incidents, but there's no way the school would approve it as an official study anyway.”

There is no way to elevate the topic of supernatural psychic science to a professional realm. Because if such a method existed, it would have already spread to the world in the name of science.

Sirone, who sat down on the bench again, also emptied her thoughts. She turned her head when she saw the legs of schoolgirls passing by, or the occasional, well-developed woman, but her head was actually a blank slate.

"what? Guys, look over there.”

Nade pointed somewhere with a nonchalant chin. A beauty she had never seen at school was heading to her front door. She wore her heels in an ivory trench cord and her permed purple hair slicked down to her waist.

“Biologically, the design is fine. Who is it?"

“Are you a graduating senior? Aren’t kids my age usually wearing grown-up clothes like that?”

While the friends were evaluating, Sirone opened her eyes and examined them. Somehow the atmosphere was familiar.

"if… … Isn’t it Shiina-sensei?”

“Sensei Shiina?”

Nade stretched out his upper body and took a closer look. Certainly it was. She didn't wear her glasses, and her trademark neatly updoed hair was loose, but it was definitely Shiina.

"wow. It's awesome. How can people change like that?”

"I know. With makeup on, he's a completely different person. By the way Sirone, how did you know? Now that I look at it, I see that I have a clear eye for women.”

"huh? no. It just looks like it.”

The reason Shirone understood it at a glance was because she saw Shiina with her hair in the grass. But she couldn't bring herself to say that her teacher had come in the middle of the night, so she evaded it.

“But where are you going? I even put on makeup.”

“It’s the teacher’s off-duty today. It's also a holiday. Do you have a date or something?”

“Isn’t Shiina-sensei far from men?”

“There are still people to meet. If a woman is 26 years old, she is said to be full of marriage opportunities. You don't even have to get married.”

“Hmm. I mean... … ”

Nade, who was deep in thought as he stroked his chin, sparkled in Ned's eyes, a light that had exploded in his head.

“Shall we follow? Are you curious?”

“What are you going to do after that? Isn’t that your private life?”

“There’s nothing to do anyway. I don't think the answer will come out just by thinking and thinking here, and my head feels like it's going to explode. It's a holiday anyway, so you'll just have to come in before sunset.”

Iruki was skeptical.

“Can I chase you unnoticed? He's a certified 6th level wizard. Even if it's not a spirit zone, the eyes that look around are different. Will you find out soon?”

“Then let’s do this. Iruki: You track down the teacher, and Shirone acts as the intermediary. I'll drop by the lab.”

Sirone saw through Nade's thoughts.

“An invisibility cloak?”

"That's right. If you put on the invisibility cloak and follow him, even the teacher won't notice. There's no reason to go out on a date and have a spirit zone. how is it?"

“That's a good idea. Alright, then I'll be following you from now on. Sirone, you bring Nade from the middle.”

Shirone let out a sigh as Iruki jumped up from the bench and ran after Shiina. Really, these were the kids who excelled in this way.

“Then I’ll bring the Invisibility Cloak. Sirone, you must never let go of Iruki. Can you move while checking points?”

Since the direction of the city is limited by the artificial structure called the road, you can figure out the rough line of movement by simply checking the points. It was important to judge the point of return at the midpoint as it was not possible to get too far away from Nade.

Sirone couldn't help but nod his head. Even in this situation, he hated himself for the calculations were already done in his head.

"okay. come quickly instead I am not confident for more than 10 minutes.”

"haha! Sirone too! I believe in you!”

Nade ran to the study group, and Sirone, who followed Iruki, returned 10 minutes later and picked up Nade at the front door. From then on, she ran fast and was able to catch up with Iruki ten minutes later. As the two came running, Iruki shook her head with a puzzled expression.

“It’s strange.”

"why? Did you miss the teacher?”

"no. But she almost missed it. I'm strangely wary of my surroundings. I thought it was a battlefield.”

"Ohh. Are you getting more and more interesting? Aren’t you taking back money with prohibited items like us?”

Sirone looked at Nade pathetically.

“Teachers don’t do that.”

“Anyway, let’s go. From now on, since I have the Invisibility Cloak, you can come closer.”

The three put on their invisibility cloaks and chased after Shiina. Upon entering the commoners' quarters, the streets were full of people who had been out to do business since early morning. Thanks to this, tailing has become easier.

Shiina stopped at a two-story house. The three peeked out of their cloaks and watched who would open the door. Then, when Shiina looked around her, her face sank like a turtle. The hearts of the three were beating fast.

“Are you too wary? Who the hell lives in this house? Isn’t it just a commoner’s house?”

Captivated by curiosity, the three of them showed their faces again. I didn't commit any crimes, so I didn't feel the need to freeze.

A young man opened the door and came out. And as soon as he saw Shiina, he shared a deep hug.

“I-I can’t… … !”

Everyone in Sirone's party was shocked. The nickname "Frozen Shiina" refers to her specialty, but it was also given to her coldly towards any man. But there must have been a hidden man. The three of them looked at each other's faces and realized it was real.

“How did this happen? He must have been a man, right?”

“You will know when you go. Let's follow along.”

Said Sirone, startled.

“What? But how do you get into someone else's house?”

“But isn’t it a little too much to go back like this? You should know for sure.”

“Since you are a virgin, of course you can meet men too. Why are you making such a fuss?”

Iruki thought differently. Judging from the circumstances so far, there were not one or two strange things about him.

“Does something smell? There's nothing wrong with a teacher meeting a man. But why hide it? Are you an official solo at school? Besides, being wary of your surroundings is also a concern.”

"That's right. So let's check it out.”

Sirone asked with an anxious expression.

“What are you going to do?”

“You can enter through the basement warehouse. don't worry. Even if I get caught, is it a big deal? Shiina-sensei went in anyway, so it's not even a stranger's house.”

Sirone opened his mouth blankly.

"that… … Isn’t it our very subjective opinion?”

"I don't know. anyway i'm going I'm going crazy because I'm curious.”

When Nade and Iruki left, Sirone sighed and followed them. I didn't like the way they agreed, but I didn't know what I would do if I left the two of them alone.

Arriving at the entrance to the basement storage, Nade inspected the iron door. It was installed horizontally and locked tightly. 

He took out a ballpoint pen-like device from his pocket and pressed the button, and a sharp stinger came out. It was one of Nade's patented items, a key unlocking device.

In order to open the lock, you have to press the irregularities of the internal organs accurately, but Nade's device can adjust the iron rod in hundredths of a centimeter, so it was easy to find a commoner's house.

After inserting the device into the lock, Nade tried it here and there with his tongue sticking out, and the moment he twisted his wrist, the lock clicked open.

When the door opened and a ladder descending to the basement was seen, Sirone fell into a sense of collapse.

People spend the night in peace just because there is a lock, but they seem to forget that locks are also man-made.

As I descended the ladder, the smell of onions unique to the grocery store stimulated the tip of my nose. While Sirone closed the iron door, Nade put his ear to the door to the first floor and checked the movement outside.

"good. The first floor is also quiet. Let’s go up once.”

Covered with invisibility cloaks, the three headed to the first floor with only their faces floating like ghosts. The floor where the living room and kitchen are integrated came out, and no one was there. When I went up the stairs to the second floor, I felt a presence in the room at the end of the hallway. I heard Shiina's voice.

"What are you doing? don't do it fast."

As Sirone and Nade moved their facial muscles vigorously, Iruki put his hand to his lips. A man's voice continued.

"wait for a sec. not ready yet Take off your clothes first.”

“When will your wife come back?”

“I went shopping at the market. It will probably take more than two hours.”

Nade couldn't contain his excitement again. No, beyond excitement, she had an expression bordering on astonishment.

Sirone felt the same way. She hadn't even dreamed that the man Shiina-sensei was dating was married.

---------------------------------------