[308] Master of Incarnation (6)

"If you ignore me one more time, then I'll blow it all up."

Bossun realized that the situation was much more serious than expected. She had to be considered crazy enough to cast magic at her birth parents.

Orkamp quietly sat next to Eliza. It was embarrassing to show this to the nobles, but the destruction of Kazura had to be prevented at all costs.

'shit. How did this country rise?'

When everyone knelt at Orkamp for the last time, Bosun, who naturally became the representative, turned to Sirone and asked.

“Now tell me. What sound do you want to hear? I will do anything you want.”

“The person who ordered the assassination of my parents. who is this?"

The nobles glanced at each other. Then, he fixed his gaze on one person.

Bossun, knowing who they were looking at without looking back, raised his hand.

“I instructed. If you want revenge, do it. but… … How about finishing with me?”

“Stop the bullshit. Do you think I will forgive you?”

“I can’t forgive you. But why not think soberly? No one died anyway. Even if you kill us, will you be able to fight against Her Majesty Theraze? Besides, aren't your loved ones also staying here?”

Bossun immediately dug into Sirone's weakness.

Trying to uncover who was behind their parents' assassination while holding a bomb meant that they were still valuable as hostages.

Thinking that this might be his last chance, Bosun raised both hands and stood up as if he had no intention of approaching.

“I will follow your will. Everyone involved in this assassination attempt, including me, will be held legally responsible. You take his family and go home. Certified 4th class wizard, Aimar Bossun, will vouch for it here. So why don’t we settle it through dialogue?”

Sirone's expression softened slightly.

Even if everyone in this place is killed, the resentment will not be relieved, but if the castle is blown up, not only family members but also friends will disappear from the world.

"rush! Rush!”

There was a commotion outside the Grand Hall. The garrison troops dispatched after being informed came armed and attacked.

However, as soon as he arrived at the scene, the expression on his face changed to bewilderment.

“What, what, what is this?”

It was a sight beyond imagination. The Grand Hall, the heart of the royal castle, was terribly destroyed.

What shocked them most was the fact that everyone, including Orkamp, ​​was on their knees.

'Now!'

The moment Sirone's gaze moved toward the soldiers for a moment, Bossun cast teleportation.

When he approached Sirone, he had already pulled out a dagger from his sleeve and was holding it.

'This is your last chance! I have to stab you in the heart!'

Sirone was shocked to see Bossun rushing at her. However, Bossun, as if he had already made up his mind, thrust the dagger in without hesitation.

The dagger pierced the elasticity of the flesh with a loud sound.

Bosun frowned.

Sirone's reaction, which he thought would be in a groggy state, was quicker than expected. He twisted his body with all his might, and the blade pierced his side, not his heart.

“Damn it.”

Sirone couldn't analyze the emotions she was feeling right now.

Sanity flew away and the beast's ferocity filled it. The feeling of a foreign body that invaded the body caused not only pain but also great shame.

As soon as he saw Sirone's eyes, Bosoon cast Earth Skin.

Dirt quickly began to build up on his skin. The durability of the earth skin cast by a certified 4th class plant wizard was the strength of a rock.

Photon Cannon hit Earth Skin. Thousands of cracks in the earthen walls shattered and shattered.

Bosun's face was revealed in astonishment. Blood spurted from her mouth as if the impact had penetrated her.

“Aaaaaaa!”

Sirone grabbed his stomach and struggled in pain.

Above their heads, photon cannons were growing at breakneck speed. Those who watched the photon, which reached a diameter of 1 meter, turned pale.

The size obtained at the cost of giving up the compressive force was no longer the quality to be called a photon cannon. Gravity Cannon. It was an anti-materiel cannon that aimed at buildings, not people.

The Grand Hall was completely confused. The nobles screamed in contemplation, and the guards soothed their helplessness with meaningless movements of looking left and right.

“Lady Reina!”

Following the garrison, the attendants of the Ogent family armed themselves and attacked. However, they too were stunned by the unexpected sight.

“Conquer the nobles! Right Now!"

Reina gave instructions to the attendants.

Since the shock that was enough to shake the Grand Hall continued to be transmitted, the castle must have been in a state of super-emergency. If we don't subdue the nobles now, we will lose our retreat in a critical situation.

Attendants approached high-ranking nobles and put swords around their necks.

As Reina expected, troops from each department under command and control began to pour in. High-ranking officers also came running in a hurry, not even dressed.

The sound of screaming, howling, the sound of killing Sirone, the sound of Reina giving orders, all the sounds were tangled together, and in the end it was nothing. No one conveyed the meaning to anyone else, and they were just screaming.

It seemed to Amy that they were laughing. She also laughed.

Surprisingly, my mind calmed down when I faced an event I couldn't handle.

'If this is the end, it's a really splendid end.'

A friendly voice passed through the noise of the abyss that filled the Grand Hall to Sirone.

“Sirone.”

Silence came like a lie.

Everyone looked back at the entrance to the Grand Hall. Olina, holding Vincent's arm, stood with a hard face.

Seeing Sirone covered in blood and with a dagger stuck in her side, Olina stumbled dizzy.

Vincent supported her, but she pushed her husband away and walked alone into the Grand Hall.

People opened the way. Her lips trembled as she approached Sirone.

"Do not go."

Olina stopped walking at Eliza's words.

“Sirone is crazy. If you go, you will die.”

Eliza hoped that Olina would not go to Sirone.

Sirone tried to kill himself. If it turned out differently for Olina, she would not allow her pride in her bloodline.

“Haaaaa.”

Taking a long breath, Olina turned and walked straight to Eliza. When she saw her face, stunned as if it had been bombed, a fire raged within her and darkness fell before her.

slam! Olina's palm slapped Eliza's cheek.

The nobles couldn't believe what was happening. Seeing a knife stuck in her child's stomach, she became rational and her parents would not be in the world, but the person she struck was none other than the Queen of Khazra.

Eliza didn't understand what had happened.

Olina was crying when she returned her face. She was also weird. Why is it that the one who hit her is crying and not the one she hit?

“To my son… … What did you do?"

The pain came belatedly and Eliza burst into tears. It hurt so much.

And that was the main excuse for not having to answer Olina's words.

Orkamp did not reprimand Olina. No, I put it off until next time.

There is no doubt that he was the one who stopped Sirone's rampage. She had no choice but to pin her hopes on her now.

“Dry Sirone right now. Kazura's lifeline is cut off... … .”

Olina shuddered as if she had been electrocuted by lightning and looked back at Orkamp with sparkling eyes.

Orkamp's eyes closed tightly at the illusion of a slapping blow. However, the king's authority did not fall to the ground.

When he opened his eyes, Olina was holding his wrist and trembling. Then she turned coldly and then she moved back to Sirone in her steps.

“Sirone.”

Sirone did not answer.

When I saw Olina's face, I was afraid of everything, like a child who had done something wrong. She had a major accident from which she could not recover. Disappointing her parents was the scariest, most unavoidable child instinct.

When I was young, I had seen Olina's fierce gaze several times. However, as much as today, she was smiling more affectionately than anyone else.

Sirone's heart ached even more because of that. Although I don't know why.

“Sirone, do you know how pretty you were when you were a child? The way she smiled was just as cute as a girl's. Whenever that happened, my dad used to make a silly face. Then you laughed even louder.”

Olina told me an old story.

“He was a really sweet kid. Even when I was angry, I couldn’t express myself well and I couldn’t hurt others, so when my friends got angry, I couldn’t say anything, and then came home and suffered.”

Olina's eyes grew dim. Yes, there were times like that.

But already years have passed. The newborn baby who came like a blessing had become a grown-up boy.

“But Mom wasn't worried. It is very noble that she knows how to read other people's hearts. You don't know how happy my mother is that you grew up kind.”

Olina stroked Sirone's cheek with both hands. The look of her handsome son looked so hard along today.

“He’s so soft-hearted and kind, he doesn’t even know how to get angry. Even though I am so angry, I can’t hurt anyone, so I have no choice but to report myself as being abusive.”

Olina gently hugged Sirone.

“Looking at his injuries so badly, it seems my son is really upset today.”

Sirone's eyes widened. Tears that were salty and clear, different from the bloody tears shed so far, flowed.

My eyes hurt terribly. It felt like the poison that had filled up to the tip of my chin was escaping through a hole. Her chest was so tight that it was difficult to even breathe. The words leaked out as if all emotions were being squeezed out of his eyes.

“Mommy… … .”

It was the voice of a lost child desperately calling for its mother in an unfamiliar place.

Olina, who burst into tears, hugged Sirone's face and stroked his back.

“Yes, my son. let's go home with mom Let her mom take her home. Don't worry about her and let's go.”

"mom… … mom… … .”

Sirone, filled with sadness, gasped for breath and spoke.

“I tried to kill my mother. Those people... … mother... … .”

“It’s okay, Sirone. did you keep Her mother is not afraid of anything. She is not afraid to die for you.”

Olina smiled beautifully as she held onto Sirone's arms as she whimpered like a child.

“Sirone, children are the future of parents. That's why mom can do anything for you.”

The great anger that had dominated Sirone so far began to sink toward the bottom as quickly as a collapsing building. The aura of hatred endlessly descended to levels 10, 9, and 8.

The bar margin of the deep stage 1 has been restored.

In the statue of the archangel, the incarnation of Sirone rose in bright light. As the Behemoth came out of there, it returned to the barracks. As the pillar of light disappears, the Guffin's security system is disarmed.

Sirone returned to her pure self.

The physical body of reality faced a rapid aftermath. Consciousness was blown before I could even feel the pain. As soon as his eyes closed, the Spirit Zone disappeared and Ataraxia disappeared.

Olina sat down with her collapsing son.

She could die for her children, but she couldn't save them. She looked back at her enemies who had tried to kill her child.

“Please save my son. please."

No one in Kazura stepped forward. But Amy and Rayna moved quickly.

First, it was confirmed that Sirone was still alive. He may be brain dead, but the biggest problem was bleeding. If I didn't get a blood transfusion right away, I wouldn't be able to survive even an hour.

“Amy, I will take Sirone with me. You go ahead with the attendant and help me prepare for the surgery. I need a blood transfusion, so please accompany my mother and tell the doctor your blood type.”

---------------------------------------