Shaking the law (2)

Jive Capital Hospital.

Organized gangster Travis was able to easily break through the boundaries that should have been strictly enforced.

'Even if it's lunchtime, it's empty like this.'

It was two hours ago that he contacted Geese's aide, Myron.

Handing over a large sum of money, what he ordered was to silence a reporter named Mayle.

was

said Myron.

“You know what that means. Don't just write an article. Do not choose any means.”

Another shudder ran down Travis' spine as he felt the weight of the briefcase.

“Is that enough?”

It was easier than expected.

“That’s it. I've done all the preparations and follow-up, so you go in and do your thing. However, I hope there are no deaths if possible. You are an expert. Once this job is done, you won't have to do anything thuggish in the future.”

The dream of a dramatic rise in status that seemed like it would never come in my lifetime was coming true.

“Please leave it to me. I will risk my life to do it.”

Travis entered the front door proudly.

“Okay, let’s try.”

Once inside the hospital, the guards inside did not stop him.

'It's because this is where the aristocrats are treated.'

When his son broke a bone while playing, he remembered running through town carrying a crying child on his back.

'Room 607.'

I heard that it was a VIP area, but there were no bodyguards in sight.

"haha."

Thrilled by Myron's power, Travis opened the door and entered.

“Who, who are you?”

The large ward had three beds and one patient, Maykel and his wife.

“Are you Maycl?”

The wife pressed the call button, but the emergency bell did not ring because the wire was cut.

Maykel interrupted.

“I asked who you are. What are you doing? How did you get in here'?”

“I don’t know, do you have an article you want to write today? Give me that. Then go away quietly.”

As Travis was about to go to the typewriter, Macle punched him.

“Something like a robber!”

Travis's jaw went round, but this too was likely to fuel his anger.

“Get off now! Do you know who I am?” As he finished speaking, Travis thrust his fist into Maycle's stomach.

"omg!"

As soon as I sat down, my wife came running.

"honey!"

“Oh, don’t come!”

Dried his wife, he begged.

“Why are you doing this? you're making a mistake If you do this, you... … Kuck!”

Travis kicked his face and checked the child sleeping in the bed.

'It was something like that.'

This shit is for me to cover up.

“Hey, journalist. I'm a guy with no back There is nothing good about being entangled with someone like me.”

Meikle thought while lying on his stomach.

'Why isn't anyone coming? Could it be that Mr. Raymond has a weakness? No way… …

The Raymond he knew was a true politician, a man who was meticulous in his personal affairs.

“You keep coming out with a full stomach, right? Then I have no choice but to act.”

Mayle fell down.

“Don't touch my son. I have a bad heart. He is a poor child who has been hospitalized all his life.”

Power entered Travis' nostrils.

'I'll be sick.'

He also has children.

“Then don’t write articles. Then your son will live and nothing will happen to you, right?”

“Listen. This is not an isolated problem. The future of the kingdom is at stake.”

kingdom's future?

“Is that so?”

I don't know what the future of the kingdom is, but no, I wouldn't live like this if I knew that.

“It really annoys me.”

Is there a thug like me in the kingdom's future?

“Do you know people as fools?”

Travis, who knocked down all the equipment in the hospital, grabbed the child by the collar and shook it.

The weight of the child, which was much lighter than expected, made Travis feel like his heart was burning.

the wife ran

"no! No!"

"Move!"

The moment I pushed her with my arms, the child caught by the collar tumbled under the bed.

In an instant, the ward became a mess, and Travis' head was extremely disturbed.

“Listen when I speak! speak! listen!"

Every time I step on an unconscious child, my jaw trembles and my body loses all strength.

“Huh!”

Let's do it.

'I can hold on. Just close your eyes for 10 minutes, no, 5 minutes. Then my family lives.'

Feeling his heart weaken, he let go of the last remaining string of reason.

"die! I mean die!”

money.

“Do you think I will give up? I'm a thug! Human garbage!”

that fucking money.

'Give me!'

The outline of his face collapsed, and he kicked the child in the stomach screaming like an idiot.

“Give me the money!”

The wife screamed, and Meikle grabbed Travis' legs with his trumpet gear.

"I'll do it! I will destroy everything, so please stop! I will do anything, please!”

"ha! ha!"

When Travis stopped, Mackle threw the papers from the typewriter into the trash and set fire to it.

“All right? It's over now. Please go. Doctor, call a doctor! please!"

Travis didn't want to open his mouth.

“One, one, one more time… …

As expected, my voice was shaking so much that I felt I shouldn't speak any more.

After swearing, he strode down the hallway of the hospital with bloodshot eyes.

My whole body convulsed.

'It will be fine. I didn't hit him to death. I told them not to let the dead appear.'

The truth was scary.

“Huh!”

Upon entering the city, he exploded all the emotions he had endured so far.

“Huh! Whoa!”

I didn't even dare to hide my tears.

'What is this, damn it! What is this! Let me live too! Is this where people live?'

It didn't take long for people to pay attention, but there was a popping sound from the block on the other side.

As smoke rose following the screams, Travis stood still.

“Overthrow Jive!”

A group of chicken heads were attacking citizens through the smoke.

"uh? uh?"

Maybe it doesn't matter, but when he felt the horror and tried to turn around.

“Gagging!”

A long sword pierced his heart from behind.

“I got it, I got it!”

A group of chicken heads gathered around Travis, who collapsed on the floor vomiting blood.

“No, no… …

Travis' hand stretched out toward the house, and countless swords pierced his body.

“Hahaha! die! die!"

What was the last emotion he felt while being lynched by an unknown terrorist?

'I'm sorry, honey... … my son... … It was helplessness against the world.

The bombing incident in the capital reached Delta Headquarters through breaking news.

Fermi read the papers as he walked down the aisles.

- Investigating the route of bringing in explosives. Judging by his appearance, he is presumed to be of the same type as the Delta Headquarters terrorist. The state of being addicted to drugs. Unable to verify identity.

'Drug soldier. If the brain's memory elements are damaged... …

A kingdom was specified.

“Iron.”

Fermi, who controlled the southern continent through drugs, was the only country that could not reach out.

'Manufacturing drugs under the direction of the royal family, and developing soldiers with them. Indiscriminate terror must also be a major means for them to strengthen their royal power... …

“Fermi.”

When I raised my head at the familiar voice, Seriel stood there.

Geese's aide, Myron, entered the Iron Sector to avoid people's eyes.

'The big hurdle has passed.'

Upon entering the secret room, there was Basak, King of Iron, and Phaedra, Prime Minister of Arachne.

“Hey, Myron. congratulations Was it tidy?”

"It's all thanks to the King."

Eliminating Travis as Iron's terrorist was the surest way.

Phaedra chuckled.

“I don't care that a single thug is killed in the terror of the extremists who rebelled against the democratic monarchy. That’s what people like the most, right?”

So, has evil been defeated?

“Tomorrow the jive scandal will be over. Hey Myron. What are you doing? Come and sit down.”

"Ah yes."

Phaedra laughed.

“What is it, are you keeping it? I said I sucked some from Jive, huh? Do you feel betrayed?"

“It can’t be.”

Myron's eyes narrowed.

'What is the feeling of betrayal?'

In the first place, I don't believe in the seed called human, so what is there to feel betrayed?

Basak asked.

“Where is Geese? She said that her daughter-in-law was also dead. I was going to buy you a glass of consolation.”

“Oh, I have a lunch appointment.”

“Hehehe, is this four months a woman too? Anyway, it's a beast, a beast. This is why I like Gis. The distribution is huge.”

said Myron.

“Rather than that, the press conference that will be a little later is the key. For Jive, it's not over yet.”

Phaedra laughed.

“Hey, loyalist. What are you so worried about? I wonder if Mr. Gis will take care of himself.”

"but… …

“Because it’s okay. Citizens hate thugs, murderers, and rapists, but we don't. Rather, they love us. Do you know why?”

Myron shook his head.

“No matter how much they deny it, they have a deep desire to be like us.”

“Human beings, you can't 100 percent blame someone for wanting to be themselves. You're blocking it unconsciously. Just in case, he could be himself at least once in a while. No, even if it doesn't happen, he imagines that.”

Phaedra spread her arms.

“After all, we are the embodiment of human desire. Shall we say that we live inside everyone?”

“You mean everything is the same?”

"no."

Phaedra grinned.

“We are their justice.”

Myron was silent.

“Miss Geese will be fine. I'm a little annoyed, but nothing will happen.”

'Are you serious?'

Phaedra winked and pointed at Myron.

“Trust me. There will never be a situation where you lose your power.”

The moment he was relieved by that, Myron realized that there was no lie in Phaedra's words.

'I am also human.'

Because it is a monster of self-justification.

Geese and Fleur have lunch appointments.

Having just learned of her daughter's death, Flew's words and attitude were also cautious.

"first… … I'm sorry it turned out this way.”

Geese raised his head as if wondering, then realized it and put on a sad expression.

"Ah, that's what you mean."

Tears flowed from his eyes.

The grief of losing a child must be greater than anything else, so this time, even Flew's heart softened.

"cheer up. Taking a break for a while... …

Geese raised his head.

"are you okay."

Flew, who saw his calm expression, unlike a moment ago, felt terrified.

“Whoops, why? Is it strange?”

“Ah, that… …

“Of course it is sad to lose your daughter. Even now, her heart feels like it's going to break. But what do you gain by following your feelings? I couldn't even come this far with that weak mental state.”

He ate the steak.

“Be a little more honest. Aren't you expecting something from me too? that i can give Oh yeah. how about having my baby? I just lost my daughter too.”

'It's a monster.'

I realized why Gaold, who was the head of the Magic Association, had no dealings with politicians.

“Then, how is the position of Jive’s Magic Association president?”

“The head of the Magic Association. nice I like you because you are so clear. How are you tonight? Is the time okay?”

"Sure."

Flew smiled.

'Yes, Geese. I'll give you my body, my mind, everything. But this time I'll have to be prepared.'

After the assassination game, Tormia's strategy also changed.

'Today, you die in my arms.'