[362] Magic Association (8)

All the wizards in the bunker walked to the lift.

Sirone didn't understand what the situation was like now. Why is it inconsistent? Even if he blocked the photon cannon, it was Gaold's greatness, not his own ugliness.

'Isn't this enough power?'

No, what level had Gaold been demanding of himself from the start?

“The president of the association.”

Everyone who was waiting for the elevator to come down turned their heads to Sirone.

“Give me one more chance.”

Flew snorted in embarrassment. How dare you ask a first-class archmage for a second chance. He was more than audacious and it was clear he had no respect for the Association.

But this time, she didn't have to step out. Gaold was walking toward Sirone with cold eyes.

His thoughts were the same as the flu. Toys that lost their play value were trash.

“Are you misunderstanding something? this is not the place for you I'm here to test the quality of being my tool. But you didn't even get through that.”

Sirone also admitted that he was wrong.

“I won’t ask you to treat me the same as before. If you give me a chance, it doesn't matter if it's a real match. So give me another chance to demonstrate.”

The emotion faded from Gaold's face. All that was left was a cool life.

He is not an authoritative person. But he wasn't even good enough to accept the treatment of an unbecoming kid.

“May I attack? I mean, do you want to stick with me?”

“It’s not that we stick together… … .”

"shut up."

As lifeblood erupted from Gaold, Sirone's vision was blocked. Then, a curtain of fire engulfed all around, and a sea of ​​fire spread all over it.

Even though I knew it was a hallucination, I felt like I was burning my flesh with the heat. The sounds of pain, screaming, and lamentation filled her head, and she was unable to think.

Guessing Sirone's condition, Fleur's face turned pale.

'It was a big deal. I really intend to kill you.'

Those who fall into Gaold's self-denial, the great heat hell, are crushed by terrible fear and their minds are destroyed. It was a terrifying ability that, over time, could suffocate and kill a person with just emotions.

However, Sirone was not consumed by fear. He didn't shed a tear, and his knees didn't tremble. He was just calmly looking at the great heat of hell.

“Uh, how… … ?”

Fleur couldn't accept Sirone's calmness. Could it be that it is not a great heat hell? But Gaold's grotesque face was no different from when he terrified himself.

'This is what Mr. Flew suffered. He's terrifying.'

Sirone even turned her head to look at her surroundings. Then, thinking that the tour of hell was enough, I stared at the front again.

His eyes pierced the front. Although he couldn't see it with his eyes, Gaold was supposed to be standing in the real space.

'Mikea Gaold... … .'

When I heard about it from Flew, I thought he was just an exceptionally strong wizard. However, looking at the hell spread out in front of him, he could guess what kind of life he had lived and how far he had fallen.

Sirone closed her eyes and put her thoughts together. Even if something other than hell is unfolding before your eyes, the incarnation defined by the perfect law will not be shaken.

Sirone's eyes widened. The sea of ​​fire split into left and right sides, and in an instant, hell disappeared. Then I saw Gaold's face, revealing the whites and laughing like a monster.

“Quack, heck, heck.”

Gaold let out a throat-scratching laugh and shrugged his shoulders. Then, looking at Sirone with her burning eyes, she said.

“Beyond the mind.”

He seemed to know why Kang Nan, who was pessimistic about this incident, had brought Sirone. Although he did not know his immediate skills, his talent was a material that could definitely go first-class.

“Spirit transcendence? Are you eighteen now?”

Gando muttered with a shocked face.

Flu was equally as absurd. She knows what mental transcendence is. However, the deeper she dug, the more vague concepts she didn't know were drawn rather than enlightenment.

“Hmm.”

Gaold stroked his chin and thought.

The reason I thought of including Sirone in the project wasn't because she was strong. Currently, those who are stronger than Sirone are widely spread throughout the world. But the idea is definitely genius.

A battery with a unique mass endowment among Unlockers. Numerous practical magics that follow from there.

Sirone is a lumber that can add genius to the team he organizes. His talent for finding breakthroughs in any situation becomes a key code that can create variables in adverse situations.

In that sense, returning the mind of a first-class archmage was also a talent.

“You want to go to practice? Do you know what that means?”

"yes. I know you're not the kind of person to be moderate. It's okay to die.”

Gando was worried about Sirone's beating. A mage could easily speak of death. However, in a situation where one must die, no magician would say such a thing.

"good night. But let’s ask one thing first.”

said Gaold, his eyes widening.

“Why do you want to die?”

Sirone shut his mouth.

Perhaps he is the only one who sees even a little bit of the possibility of life in this place. That fact made my body tremble like the chill of a winter night.

Gaold changed the question slightly.

“So I mean… … what are you imagining? What conclusion did you reach? Do you know why I called you? You don't know anything, do you think that something important enough to risk your life is behind me?”

“I don't know anything. But I guess.”

“Hoo? for example?"

Sirone remembered the face of Archangel Ikael. He was a warm and kind angel. However, he was once also an archangel powerful enough to destroy Kergo Ruins.

why is she... … Did she entrust the future to herself?

“For once, there is someone you must meet.”

The first thing I thought of was after going through something in Kazura Kingdom. To be precise, from when Guffin's security device was unlocked.

Behemoth, who knew the answer, disappeared along with mental transcendence, but the question engraved in his mind was still haunting him. That's why he must meet Ichael.

Sirone's answer did not fit into the options Gaold expected. Though he felt that he was an interesting child, he felt that he should not let things go. He doesn't like talkative people.

"Are you saying you're going to use the association for your personal business as a kid?"

Sirone did not answer. Gaold's question was emotional, and that's why it missed the point. He didn't need words for questions he didn't need to answer.

Gaold turned around as if that was enough.

“Okay, I’ll give you one last chance. The break is one hour.”

After casting Ataraxia, his mental strength must have been quite exhausted.

However, Sirone shook her head. There was something more useful than restoring one's sanity if the other party would provide convenience.

"it's okay. Instead, there are other conditions.”

Sirone took out Armand from her waist.

“Please allow me to use the Keumgang Armament. I think there should be an advantage to this level.”

Gaold looked at the sword in Sirone's hand. The object called <Magic Sword Armand> was already known even before it fell into Sirone's hands.

“I thought you were a less-than-sophisticated guy, but you seem to be grasping the subject.”

Doing my best even though I know I can't win means that I risked my life and death this time. It wasn't a bad suggestion for Gaold either, since it would save time anyway.

“However, hearing only one object does not change anything. So let's set the rules.”

Gaold compressed the air over his palms. Transparent spheres flickered as the density increased.

“As you can see, what I use is air magic that anyone can learn. Among them, the press series. I'm not good at magic, so I don't know anything complicated. I'm just here because I'm a little stronger than the others.”

A bitter smile formed on Sirone's lips. If the magician who could block Ataraxia with one hand had a little more power, all the magicians in the world would have to be said to be dead.

Gaold clenched his fists, and air bubbles burst with a pop.

“Anyway, here are the rules. I'm going to get ataraxia once again with the bakum press. The difference from before is that it only casts attack magic on you once.”

Gaold pointed his index and middle fingers at Sirone. A small bubble of air formed on the tip of my finger.

“As you can see, the magic that will attack you is an air gun. The principle is simple. It compresses the air and releases it. Will this be enough for 10,000 presses? I don't know.”

Gaold's arm bounced up quickly. The air bubbles that had been compressed with tremendous force exploded, and an eardrum-shattering roar was heard.

The air gun that passed by Sirone landed at the end of the bunker. Until then, Sirone wasn't even aware that something had passed. My ears were just ringing. Then he felt a vibration and slowly looked back.

A huge circle dented in the center of where the air gun struck, and cracks stretched out in all directions.

The radius of the crack was approximately 20 meters in diameter. Also, I couldn't confirm it, but the size of the air gun was probably no more than 2cm in diameter.

Sirone couldn't even blink and looked back blankly. He was waving his hand from which he had fired the air gun, and Old was laughing.

"Well, it's a child's play magic, but it'll sting a little if you get hit."

it stings? Even the Geumgang Armed Forces, equipped with the best defensive posture, were instantly killed the moment they were hit. However, it didn't sound like a joke because it came from the mouth of a first-class archmage.

"anyway. Try your best.”

Sirone's lips trembled as he smiled.

He's a strong enough person to be afraid of, but on the other hand, that's why I wanted to challenge him.

When the Photon Cannon is fired with the four combinations of Armand's magical power amplification, immortal function, mental transcendence, and ataraxia, how far can its power soar?

“Geumgang Armed Forces.”

Standing upright, Armand swallowed Sirone, and the transformation ended in an instant. His cybernetic body whirled around and landed on Shirone's shoulder.

"let's begin."

Despite Sirone's changed appearance, Gaold was relaxed. He wiggled his fingers while maintaining the shape of the air gun. Then, as if being dragged, Sirone attacked.

Halo was already drawn where he was standing. Thanks to the time-sharing ability of others, Ataraxia began to accumulate faster than before.

'It's a division operation. It's pretty fast too. If this is enough, I'll cut off 50 invitations, right?'

Sirone created a blade made of bone from her gauntlet and wielded it. However, Garold still kept an eye on Ataraxia and evaded all attacks by shaking only his upper body.

'You can't win with brute force either. The actual experience is different.'

Sirone pushed desperately. The bunker was so wide that it was a loss to stick tentacles into it. However, to that extent, Armand's physical augmentation ability was maximized.

'What are you doing?'

Flew tilted her head.

Even though both of them were wizards, they were not casting magic. Gaold could only try the air gun once, so even so, it was strange that Sirone insisted on hand-to-hand combat.

“Why don’t you show your longevity? If it's time-sharing, there's one slot left, right? There might be a chance of winning if you fire attack magic continuously. The president of the Association cannot even use defensive magic.”

Gando said without taking his eyes off the battlefield.

"Because they're both serious."

"yes?"

Caught in tension, Gando had no time to continue his explanation.

Anyway, there is no meaning in the movement they are unfolding now. The match would eventually end in an instant.

'perhaps… … Something completely unexpected could happen.'

---------------------------------------