The disability of being human (1)

Hwa Resources Management Corporation.

Even though they knew that Lethe would not come back, the staff couldn't leave.

“The system is shutting down.”

The aftermath of Rian's cleansing of the Valley of Lamentation was shaking the whole of Hell.

Vivian, the informator in charge of Lian, delivered the information transmitted through the hidden code.

“Lethe is protecting Yahweh. Demons, it seems like they're extremely angry.”

Leona said.

"of course. It was like fire and water. But Yahweh is great. He thought there would be no compromise forever. I see things like this after working for a long time.”

“It won't be easy. Even if Lethe-nim manages Hell, Satan is still the head of the demons.”

Kurrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr

The ground was collapsing.

'It's not long.'

When this battle is over and the system is destroyed, they too will return to nothing.

'so… … What are you going to do?'

Leona wanted to check the last journey of Chagall and Etella, which she was in charge of.

"ha! ha!"

Chagall ran endlessly.

“Aaaaaaa!”

Although the enormous karma given to the two of them has now been reduced to an enormous amount.

"kill! I will tear you limb from limb!” It also proved that the pain Chagall felt was so great.

“Why can’t we meet?”

No matter how much he ran, Ethella could not be caught.

"wait. I have something to tell you. I mean, I have something I want to tell you.”

Once I met and saw her face, I was confident that I would change her mind.

No, even if it is irreversible.

“Kill it!”

He would rather cut her throat and go mad if he didn't keep her by his side.

"damn!"

No matter how fast you speed up, the interval is constant.

"why!"

Even if I wanted to give up, I felt like I could get hold of his sense of smell and her perfume at any moment.

“Aaaaaaa!”

Chagall's heart was terribly torn.

'Let's meet.'

You have to sheath everything you can see.

'It only takes once.'

You give and give and give and give and give and give until you scream and beg for your wrongdoing… … .

"please."

Chagall realized.

“Please give me one chance.” Perhaps he could lose Etella forever like this.

“Like this dog!”

Chagall, who had been crying out to the sky, stopped running and limped forward.

" I am??????

And in the end, he knelt down on the spot and poured out tears as he said:

“I was wrong.”

At that moment, Chagall's mind fell endlessly and the enormous karma was purified.

I heard Leona's voice.

-Time remaining until purification 24 years around 8,341… … .

Chagall did not hear.

It didn't matter how much karma they had left.

“I ruined everything. I won't do that again. It doesn't matter if you suffer in hell forever. So Chagall cried and raised her head.

“Please let me see it just once.” the only wish

“Wrong. I can't send it like this. You can do anything to me, just once... … It was to see Etella's smiling face.

- ha.

It was a broadcasting accident that caused the sound of sighs to leak out, but Leona calmly turned off the audio device.

Resting her chin on the table, she held her hands together and looked sadly at the evil of the evils she repented of.

"I know… … Why did you do that?”

I shouldn't have done that.

“There were plenty of opportunities to turn around. A chance to start over, to be happy... …

You've been given countless times in your life.

Caught in a blind rage, he couldn't judge anything, and he just resented the world.

“That all that remains is regret.” Vivian came over.

“Now you really have come to the end.”

"huh. Because time is irreversible to humans. Regret may be the most miserable and saddest emotion.”

“You can’t always change. A self-destructive race that knows the right answer but stubbornly writes out the wrong answer.”

disability of being human.

Vivien and Leona followed Chagall's running again with their eyes.

“I have no choice but to run.”

It would be the only hope left for him.

A river of fire flowed in the Valley of Lamentation.

The identity of the golden lava, as rich as before Jin Seong-eum purified it... … .

“Kill Lethe!”

It was the demons of the demons gathered here.

“I will cut her throat and show you clearly! To tear the flesh of the abominable Yahweh!”

Countless demons prepared for extinction and jumped into Lethe's fire.

“Kuaaa!”

Every time her children disappeared, Lete's heart ached as well.

“Poor children, why are you angry? Anger always ends in regret.”

“You betrayed us! You abandoned us!”

The demons shed bloody tears and shouted.

As if Lethe didn't care if his death hurt her even a little bit.

Lethe's eyes darkened.

" but??????

You too were born as humans.

Because the number of demons being purified was enormous, the river of fire flowed upwards.

It was the place where Lian and Jin Seong-eum were, and Sirone was also lying there.

With all his might, Lian fueled the flames of Gehenna.

“Aaaaaaa!”

The valley shook, and the flowing river of fire evaporated in an instant in front of Sirone.

'Protect Sirone.'

Even in the painful state to the point of losing consciousness, one thought still lingered.

- What an absurd fool.

Black monks roaming the sky pierced Lian's body with chains.

“Big!”

The skin on his face cracked open, revealing a skeleton close to a skull.

'I can't stand it like this.'

Although he raised his divine transcendence to the limit, Idea's resilience was not the same as before.

At the point where his muscles and bones were melting, Lian's soul felt like it was on fire.

4 I...

A guy with no special talent?

‘The world calls me a great swordsman, but to be honest, it doesn’t matter anymore. I don't even care if I adore or be jealous.'

Are you proud to have reached this level?

'No way.'

Well, if the level of being a great swordsman had fallen from the sky, I would at least bow down.

'There's no way I'm in a good mood.'

It's just a title exchanged for pain.

'How to be good at something?'

i know only one

'Even if it hurts because I'm not doing well, even if it's all kinds of selfish intentions, unreasonable situations, sadistic pain, despair in front of the impossible, and ridicule from countless people who don't understand my pain.

“Be patient.”

That's all.

“Aaaaaaa!”

tolerate

“Never break!”

The red energy began to run through the chain of the black monk that had been stuck in Rian's body.

-Dangerous! get off!

Belatedly, the black monk spread, but the fire of Gehenna climbed the chain faster than that.

Whoa!

The cluster of black monks caused a huge explosion.

“I-what is that?”

Even the demons who hated Lethe were stunned by the flames that filled the entire sky.

Lethe looked back.

“It is purified.”

Lian's body, burning like fuel, was melting the chains connected to Jin Seong-eum.

The voice's soul screamed.

Kyaaaaaaa!

If she was purified like this, she would also be completely melted and destroyed by fire.

'What should I do now, Sirone?' Therefore, in order to save the voice, the system of the other side world would have to be paralyzed for a moment.

And the timing depended on the hands of the Jincheon Empire, which sent Perm Light.

Anchal cried out in a cold sweat.

“Your Majesty! This is the final step!” The energy being accumulated in Etela passed 99% and was heading towards 100%.

“Cool!”

Sitting on a chair, Jin Kang's body was half bent like a willow tree.

“Lungs, Your Majesty.”

should have already died.

Raising his head with unfocused eyes, he slowly rose from his chair and stumbled.

The reason why no one supported him was probably because now was the most meaningful time in the emperor's life.

“Daughter.”

My daughter Jin Seong-eum.

'I realized it only after sending you to hell. Jin Kang, who knows no regrets... …

He was sobbing with bloody tears.

“Hell?”

Jin Kang's face contorted like a demon.

“How dare you guys, my daughter?”

A red light entered the lens of Perm Photon.

Chagall suddenly raised his head.

“Ethella?”

Her nostalgia, which had spread all over the underworld, was suddenly felt nearby.

'Stay close.'

Chagall sniffed like mad.

“Ethella! Ethella!”

Perhaps it was because he had repented?

"okay! Hang in there!"

There is no greed.

For the last time, I couldn't ask for more if I could see her face in my eyes.

“Ethella!”

Etella, riding on the Taegeuk chain and hearing Chagall's voice, slowly turned around.

The reason Chagall captured her perfume was that her journey was over.

“It’s here, kids.” The tremendous energy amplified from one's own body will sooner or later destroy hell.

"mom! mom!"

With everything entangled in Limbo, Ethella thought of Chagall as she waited for her last moment.

"sorry."

The reason why he had no choice but to turn away from Chagall was because he knew what Taegeuk's karma was.

“It is irreversible.”

If liberating Limbo and saving Jin Seong-eum is the job given to Sun.

“Your misdeeds… …

It was a karma full of endless regrets.

“Ethella! Aaaaaa! Ethella!” Chagall walked all over the place crying.

Although the position is being established little by little, the remaining karma between the two has also rapidly decreased.

"no! no!"

don't cleanse me

'Because it's okay to be in hell, my feet... …

He couldn't disappear like this, so Chagall inhaled enough to bleed from his nose.

Ethella gently closed her eyes.

'come.'

The moment she felt a huge explosion from within, Chagall's eyes widened.

'Hey there!'

Accurately pinpointing Etella's location, he threw himself with all his might.

-4,232 hours of purification time remaining. 3,511 hours. 2,382 hours… … .

Chagall prayed.

"Oh God."

Please have mercy.

“Did you think I would drive you to hell and be safe! The Princess of Jincheon! You dare my daughter!”

Spitting blood out of his mouth, Jin Kang screamed while clutching his chest.

“Aaaaaaaaaa!”

It was the final blow that my father threw into hell.

As Etella's body was engulfed in light, Chagall's voice was heard from afar.

"no!"

He was running right in this direction, but Etella knew his outcome.

“We cannot meet.”

No matter how much you narrow the space, time won't allow it.

Chagall stopped breathing.

' there is!'

When you get there, you can see Ethella.

It wouldn't matter if she was in the process since she couldn't see anyway.

-Remaining purification time 5 seconds, 4 seconds, 3 seconds.

As if mocking Chagall, Karma was shrinking to a precise distance standard.

Chagall held out his hand.

"little bit more!"

And when that fingertip reached 1 meter in front of Etella.

-1 second.

“Huh!”

finally found out

Absence of only 1 second.

However, one second without it is the same as an infinite distance when converted into space.

“Ethella.”

Chagall cried.

“I was wrong… …

At the same time, a tremendous explosion occurred in Etela's body, destroying the process.

Kurrrrr!

As seismic waves spread throughout Hell, the last words of the Informator were heard.

-purification… … end… … It is.