[131] What takes precedence (2)

"haha! no. Come to think of it, I think I did something wrong during the day. To be honest, I was ripped off. Originally, I don't get that much, but I guess I was too greedy. let me restore your honor I'll show you where I'm really having fun.”

Tess said, putting her hand on her waist.

“No work. I'm so uncomfortable I'm dying. Amy, just kick it out.”

“Yes. So goodbye."

As Amy tried to close the door, Jess thrust her hand in, showing a look of urgency.

There was no written script, but words came out quickly, like a man who was born on this floor.

“Now, wait a minute! If you don't want your friends to come, you can come by yourself."

"why me? Is this a bit suspicious?”

"good! okay! I'll be honest. i actually... … I'm very upset.”

“To whom?”

“Even street touts have associations. My actions must have reached the ears of the superiors. So I asked the rude guest to show me around the island. If rumors spread, tourists wouldn't use touts. Can't we just stop by for a moment and then go? Otherwise, I will be completely cut off from food. I might really have to beg like a beggar.”

“Hmm.”

Amy didn't look suspicious. Jess, terrified, anxiously awaited her verdict.

“Okay, let’s get some fresh air and come back. I’ll change my clothes and come back, so wait here.”

Jess raised his head. He sure he came for it but he never thought he'd get it so easily.

On the other hand, Tess, who was listening, was bewildered. No way, he didn't know that he would fall for the words of such a solicitor.

Thinking that she must be upset about Sirone, she hurriedly followed Amy.

“Amy! What are you going to follow? How can you trust that child?”

"are you okay. If it's dangerous, I'll just come back.”

“Let’s think about it a little longer. What about Sirone?”

"it's okay. you know what to do Ryan must be hungry too. How long are you going to keep him waiting? what was better I'll eat outside, so spend time with Ryan.”

After changing her clothes and tidying up her hair, Amy went down the hallway. Tess persuaded him to the end, but it was reckless.

“Do you really want to go? Then should I come back soon? just get some fresh air If it's late, can we go find it?"

“I know. Ryan, I'll be out for a while. Sirone, when you come back, starve yourself.”

Ryan was cautious. The hunger-like appearance disappeared and he was watching the situation seriously.

Would it be right to let her go? However, it would have been funny if the person concerned wanted to go, but he did not know if he was being dragged away.

“Did you say Jess? let's go."

"huh? Uh, yes!”

Jess was stunned. She couldn't bring herself to her senses the moment she came down the stairs to her second floor in a girlish black dress.

When Amy went out, the villa was empty. Tess sighed and shook his head, his head convoluted.

“Oh wow, how did this happen? The atmosphere was good until just now.”

“Wouldn’t it have been better if I went with you?”

“You idiot, don’t you know a woman’s heart that much? How miserable would Amy be if someone else's partner escorted her? Anyway, where the hell did Sirone go?”

Lian walked to the window and watched Amy get into the carriage.

The stars above the sea were twinkling like they were about to pour.

* * *

Jess sat across from Amy. Since he put her on her wagon, it was safe to say that her operation was more than 80% successful.

"now! Then let's go! Hey, let's go!"

The coachman nodded and shook the reins, and the twins shook the cabin and jumped out.

Jess continued to play his mouth. He was reciting even trivial things that he didn't want to know. Who cares whether the vegetable shop owner is having an affair with the widow or not?

Amy hadn't said a word until then, just staring at the night view outside the window. Preoccupied with her thoughts, Jess didn't even hear her words.

At some point, Jiss also realized that and stopped talking.

In fact, looking at Amy's face like this made me the happiest. Her expression, calm and subdued, was completely different from her anger during the day.

Did Falcoa really intend to sell this beautiful girl? At first, I didn't realize it, but once I put it on the wagon, fear overtook me.

“It takes a long time. Where are you going?”

Amy was the first to speak. Coincidentally, the most poignant question made Jiss startled and made up her words.

“Ah, so… … it's a bit far Because it's the best place in Galliant. It’s true, you’ll know when you go.”

"okay? Will the boss who took me take me there?”

Jess' heart sank.

Since when did you know? Maybe from the beginning? Then why on earth did he get into the carriage and why hadn't he said a word until now?

Jess's face did not know that it would be released from the frozen state. Her head went pale, so no lies came to mind.

“That’s it… … .”

“You don’t have to lie. Isn't it just by looking at the eyes? I'm so scared that I'm ejaculating, but I'm stupid not knowing. good luck anyway I'm only going to fool you this once."

“Tricked… … You say?”

"okay. I don't know what made you a scapegoat, but quit when this job is over. I'm saving you because you're so pitiful."

Jess's face heated up.

"what! Am I pitiful?”

“Then would you be pitiful or envious?”

“Hey, this is really… … !”

Amy asked before Jess could get angry.

“Did you throw gold coins at me?”

“That, that… … .”

Jess averted her gaze. He shuddered just thinking about the day's events. For that action he is beaten to death by Falcoa. It was a trauma he would never forget for the rest of his life.

“Kids like you can't last long on this floor. People who have a lot of things they want to protect are only used and then abandoned.”

“Sheesh, how do you know that? A well-rounded aristocrat who met his parents well.”

“At least I know more than you. Because at one time I also snooped around this way. Of course, I was in a much higher position than you.”

Jess bit her lip. That's what it is. No matter how much she raised her pride and raised her voice, it was impossible to face her on equal heights.

“Are you sympathetic?”

"okay."

“I don’t want to receive sympathy. never."

“So, float on the floor. This might be your last chance.”

Jess felt defeated and lowered his head. She was right. If she hadn't given her sympathy, she and her brother would have been going through hell by now.

“Sheesh.”

As Jess clicked her tongue, Amy looked out the window. It was as if a cool sea breeze blew and gently calmed her eyelids.

“I don’t like guys like you.”

"what?"

“You mean throwing coins at me. If you're a man, you should have that level of strength. If I was just a backstreet bully, I would never have gotten into this carriage.”

Jess' face turned red like a carrot.

"damn. Are you sick and giving me medicine? This is why nobles don't like it. same as before Some ridicule and some stop. Because it's just arbitrary."

Amy, who was supporting her chin, grinned.

“Oh, Sirone? That child is also a commoner. So he must have stopped you.”

"what? commons? You mean he was a commoner and not an aristocrat?”

Jess's eyes widened. He thought it was a joke at first. Otherwise, there would be no reason for such a beautiful girl to hang out with a man of a lower status than herself.

“Yes, commoner. What does it matter? No, is it important?”

“But weren’t you partners? It looked like a couple trip, right?”

“Okay, partner. They brought me to a remote island across the sea and left me somewhere... … my partner.”

Amy gave a sad smile with cat-like lips. As she gazed at her faintly distant eyes, her Jiss head was complicatedly tangled.

Maybe I was wrong from the start? I should have just picked up the gold coins that fell on the ground. If that were the case, even if my pride was hurt, things like now wouldn't have happened.

'shit! damn it! You're taking a risk out of sympathy for me? Are you saying you know what the danger is?'

This girl was thinking too easily.

Falcoa was the acting chief of the Freeman organization. What was the Freeman Organization? He was the ruler of Galliant, commanding a fearsome elite army.

Even when Jis was young, the commercial power on the island was divided into several organizations. Although power struggles occasionally broke out, the balance of power was never disrupted.

However, the situation changed dramatically after the Freeman organization landed on the island five years ago.

They expanded their forces at a tremendous speed, and the existing organizations were disbanded without even using their power. Eventually, the alliance was decided to confront the Freeman organization, but it was simply broken.

It took only three months for the war to end.

The Freeman organization was a fighting group of monsters who dismantled all organizations in just three months.

'It's not just Falcoa. The thugs above me are all terrifying bastards. I'm taking this child to a place like that now.'

Jess clenched her fists. She wanted to stop her, but she couldn't bear it.

Since he was a student at a magic school, he might be able to run away. But she wasn't his sister. If Falcoa put his mind to it, he could get rid of the little brother of the roadside solicitor without even noticing mice and birds.

'I have to keep it. As for my brother... … certainly!'

* * *

After parting with Marsha, Sirone arrives at the beach. My legs were shaking from running non-stop, but the real trouble was from now on. Since the villa is located in the middle of the mountain, we had to climb uphill.

“Whoa, why is Iljin like this today? It just keeps running.”

It was time for the sun to set, so Lian and Tess were supposed to be eating.

If Amy is still waiting, you must tell her the bad news as soon as possible. The sad news that you left your shopping cart.

'It's one thing to die one way or another.'

Sirone gritted his teeth and ran uphill. When he arrived at his villa, his breath was up to the tip of his chin.

Shirone walked to the entrance and knocked on the door with her waist bent.

“Lian, Amy, Tess. I'm here. please open the door Ahh!"

When the door suddenly opened, Sirone fell forward. It was a much more immediate response than expected.

“Sirone! Where the hell have you been? Do you know how long Amy waited?”

"Oh, I'm sorry. There was a reason for that. Let's go in and talk. My legs are shaking.”

There was no smell of food in the villa. Sirone, who wished the three of them had eaten first, felt even more apologetic.

“Did you wait a long time because of me? By the way, where is Amy?”

Tess didn't know how to explain. Would she say that she was tired of waiting and went to play? Or is it that she was disappointed in a man named Sirone and followed her jis?

"what's the matter? I have a bad expression. what happened?”

"that is… … Oh, this is embarrassing.”

The reason Tess couldn't speak was because she didn't want to cause misunderstandings between the two of them.

However, Lian understood the core of the situation.

“I went out with a guy named Jess I met at the port.”

"huh? Jis? You mean the guy who ripped us off? Why is Amy following him?”

“I don’t know. While I was waiting for you, he suddenly came to me. He said he would pay for the day's work. So he took a carriage and went somewhere.”

“Did Amy obediently follow? For no reason?”

Tess intervened.

"okay! It's all because you came late. How lonely Amy was by herself. Tell me, what the hell happened?”

Sirone delayed answering. Now was not the time to be arguing about such things.

“Let’s go. Do you know where it is?”

“We don’t know. why are you so anxious? If you're going to do this, please treat me well from the start."

“You didn’t leave because of me.”

"What are you talking about? How angry Amy was!”

“Amy is hot-tempered, but she doesn't act emotionally. Even if I'm angry with someone, I don't do anything to make that person worry. I'd rather wait for me to come and beat her to death.”

Tess' face darkened. Sirone, who knew Amy well, was probably right.

Besides, when I thought about it, it was like that. He is quick to get angry but is soft on the inside, isn't he the kind of person who seems rough but has a lot of consideration?

“Well, what could be the matter? You're just a solicitor. Amy is said to be outstanding at magic school?”

---------------------------------------