God's brain (1)

Omega 187 years.

Returning from Hell in the Underworld, Guffin rallies the Gaians and prepares to leave the photon realm.

“It will be an interesting trip.”

The hearts of those welcoming the new era were thrilled.

“There is only one way to leave the photon field.”

In the presence of a thousand Gaians, Guppin began his final speech.

“Leave the rule of Anchera, we

Everyone becomes the manager of this world.”

Everyone knows, but the Gaians silently paid attention to the guffin on the high spire.

“We have no more controversy, no more doubts. The true master of this world. Thus, it will escape from the cowardice of Anchera and transcend infinity.”

The sound of applause rang out.

Although small compared to the total population, the number of individuals was not very important to the Gaians.

'Of course, today is different.'

In order to destroy Ankera's authority and leave the photon world, the more personal codes, the better.

People gathered as the guffin descended from the spire with flying metallic hair.

“It's about time. Your role is important.”

Gaiain was integrated into Ultima, but the core keyword was still Guffin.

"Magic."

reason of the phenomenon.

Realizing the truth of this world and changing the current situation through that realization are two different issues.

Only the infinite wizard, Guffin, will be able to open the final lock at the end of the universe.

“We choose.”

At the end of the truth, the pride of the Gaia people who regained the meaning of perfect existence pierced the sky.

“Mr. Guffin!”

A woman with her golden steel hair curled up into a swirl came up.

“Milla?”

When Guffin returned to the Underworld, he was the first historic child born.

“It’s been a while.”

Gaia's distinctive sharp impression gave off a bright and soft atmosphere.

"sure. She's a full-fledged lady now. She has no idea how much she has been waiting for this day.”

Mila's face turned slightly red.

“From the day I fell in love with you.”

"okay. I'm sorry.”

Guffin smiled and stroked her hair, and Mila stuck out her tongue and smiled brightly.

"are you okay. When you leave this world, everything starts anew. I might have a chance.”

"haha! I hope so.”

It was Mila who was rejected by Guffin, but her heart was not scarred. Because we know that mutual consent is necessary to love.

'Know what is right, and do it.' I was lucky to be born as a Gaian.

“Guffin, the preparations are complete.”

At the elder's words, Guffin opened his 11th sense, his palace.

'Ultima.'

It was felt that all Gaians on the planet were aware of the Guphin with a sense of urgency.

"then??????

Guffin turned to Mila with a smile, and she nodded with a refreshed look.

"Goes."

That moment when the Spirit Zone opens and spreads through the infinite realm at the speed of light.

pop!

Mila's face exploded.

The body that remained only from the neck down staggered from side to side and fell with a thump, and the guffin turned its head.

“Archangel.”

In the distant sky, Ikael was looking down at the ground with his halo greatly expanded.

“You foolish people, why do you throw away your God-given authority and bring about your own death?”

murmured the Guffin.

“Ataraxia.”

The concept that gave birth to this world.

'The closest signal to the outside world. The range of amplification can be said to be the distance from nothing to significance.'

Even the infinite wizard, Guffin, was difficult to deal with at the top of the universe.

Chief Gaia looked at Mila's condition.

"dead. I attacked faster than the sense of time bomb. I couldn't have stopped it.”

“I hope it was a good dream.” Guffin looked up at the sky.

“Archangel, can I interpret the current interference as the will of Anchera?” Ikael nobly raised his chin.

“It is the law, not interference. I, Ichael, the archangel, will destroy those who disturb the law.”

Having expanded Ataraxia to the ends of the sky, she stretched out her hand toward the ground.

“This is your last chance. Follow God's will.”

With one flick of her finger, the ground would be pushed and the mountains split.

“God?”

Guffin smiled.

“Don’t get me wrong.”

When the eyes of the guffin burned with golden light, the eyes of all the Gaians were lit up.

“You guys dare!”

As Ikael held out his hand, the air around him began to fall at a breakneck speed.

“Ultima System.”

A thousand Gaians gave birth to an idea.

“I refuse.”

Woooooooooooooooooooooooooh!

A dome-shaped curtain spread over the ground blocked the wind pressure from pressing down on the mountain.

'how?… ”

Ikael, whose pride was hurt, wrinkled his forehead.

'What is that light?'

Where is it connected that it exerts the power to ignore even the laws of this world?

“Ikael, don’t doubt.”

Ikael, who caught sight of the guffin flying into the sky, twisted his nose.

‘If only 1 person… …

The moment he thought so, a sphere of light was born from Guffin's hand and he was horrified.

“Photon Cannon.”

Flashes of light containing mass rushed towards Ikael at a speed close to the speed of light.

'Ataraxia!'

As she amplified her sense of time, she ducked her upper body to avoid it, and a flash of light struck the plateau behind her.

Aaaaaang!

The power to blow away a whole 20,000 ton pile of dirt was comparable to the previous Ultima.

'As expected, I have to get rid of that human.' Feeling a sense of mission as an archangel, Ikael gnashed his teeth and flew towards the Guffin.

The moment the head of the angels and the representative of Gaia collided orthodoxly, the world shook.

'How can such power be possible?'

A guffin's voice was heard amidst the flashes of the photon cannons like showers.

“I told you not to doubt it.”

When Ikael turned his head, a guffin that had transcended time and space was approaching in front of him.

“Because the asteroid is shaking.”

A flash of light approached Ikael's wide-open eyes at an incredible speed.

“Keugh!”

The moment she tried to use the power of amplification, a giant pin blocked her way faster than the photon cannon.

"uh?"

Aaaaaaaang!

A roar shook the heavens and the earth, and the guffin, hit directly by the flash, flew away with Ikael.

thud! thud! thud! thud!

Ikael, who had penetrated as many as four peaks and was pinned to the ground, immediately raised his head.

The guffin was holding her by the waist, not even moving.

'why?'

Just as Ikael slowly reached out his hand, Guffin suddenly raised his face.

“As expected.”

said Guffin, raising one corner of his mouth.

“Angels don’t have hearts.”

It was only natural that he was an angel with a mental body, but Ikael felt strangely unpleasant.

“There is no reason why angels should imitate lower human organisms. We are the best intelligence.”

"okay?"

Guffin slowly raised himself, frowned and knelt down.

“Aww!”

Ikael looked down and found the charred back of the guffin.

It was a choice that could not be made without going crazy.

“Why did you do that?”

Guffin didn't answer.

"I'm not the one who will be destroyed by that level of attack anyway, but to you, I'm sure I'm the enemy who killed my own people, right?"

“I made a promise.”

Today's opportunity would not have come if Lucifer had not perished in place of Guffin.

“I cannot harm you.” Self-attacking and self-blocking was Gaia's primary way of thinking.

"What are you talking about? A promise?”

The guffin scratched its wire-sharp head.

'It's embarrassing.'

The face of Lucifer, who had asked Ikael to find the meaning of existence, shimmered.

' aha.'

Guffin, who discovered a certain possibility, popped his face right in front of Ikael's eyes.

"you. Can I eat raw food?”

The moment he finished speaking, Ikael's eyes widened and he swung his fist at a tremendous speed.

“Aww!”

The guffin was hit in the jaw with a straight shot, flying dozens of meters and crashing into a huge rock.

“A worthless human being dares to scorn an angel?”

Even if they borrowed a human body to produce the Nephilim, it was far from an animal act.

Guffin came closer, holding on to the dizzying goal.

“Ah, what a temper… …

“Shut up. In the end, all of this must have been your cunning. But it doesn't work for me.”

At that moment, Guffin's eyes lit up.

“Who made this world?” Facing Gaia's distinctive gaze, this Kael frowned and replied.

“Eternal immortality. He is the one and only God who gave light to this world and gave birth to angels.”

“You really think so?”

Ikael's eyebrows trembled.

'I really hate that look.'

It felt as if the Archangel and everything in the universe were considered less important than filth.

“Are you saying you are a god? Anke Lado, me too, does that mean that everything is a lie?”

"no."

Guffin shook his head.

“We are no different. Even if humans made this world, who made them?”

The eternally repeating bondage of creation and creation.

“So I want to go.”

“I do not allow it.”

As Ikael raised his will to attack, Guffin held out his hand and said.

"shall we go together?"

"??????what?"

“Because you don’t know what comes first until you go. Let's check it out together. do you know When you reach the end beyond infinity... …

Guffin smiled.

“There might be a meaning of your existence there.”

“The meaning of existence?”

She was born as an archangel and never once doubted her existence.

'I am the first. I am the birth.' But looking into Guffin's eyes, I really felt like I was going to escape somewhere.

'The outside world.'

Ikael frowned and shouted.

"gibberish! Do you think you will fall for human words? I am Ichael, the chief of the archangels.”

"okay? Then you can't.”

Thinking he had done enough, Guffin snorted and activated the Ultima System.

It was delayed for a while, but many Gaians were ready to leave the photon world.

"Goes."

The moment Guffin's body turned into light, Ikael saw an amazing sight.

'really… …

As the blue sky disappeared, signals were intersecting against a black background like space.

'Does it really exist?'

It should be blocked.

In addition, it was a situation where one Guffin could sufficiently block it with the activation of Ataraxia.

"ah??????

but.

Ikael was mesmerized by the hundreds of millions of flashes soaring towards the sky.

“Is it over there?”

Guphin's body scattered with light shook nervously every time it faded.

“Me too… …

Ikael held out his hand.

Ankera's eyes flashed open.

'Something?'

Before I realized it, the sensation of electric shock was intense, and the huge pupils shook rapidly.

A voice mixed with electrical noise spread.

“Detection of total abrogation intention to the universe. Target, Gaia. Code quota, 99.8 percent of the total. Searching for optimization countermeasures.”

Silence has arrived.

And after a while, Ankera, who regained her original eyes, returned with a magnificent voice.

brain

“Activate Code Argones.”