[395] Highland Capture (4)

The 4th round went to the Sirone team. The shotgun movement was a strategic weapon, and Iruki's cancellation completely blocked Suabi.

The score so far is 3 to 1.

It was the superiority of the Sirone team, and it seemed that the current trend would continue as long as there were no other variables.

"what? Are we only done with round 4?”

The students came out of the 3rd battlefield. Kanis and Arin also joined their group.

The opponent team was the Fermi team, and the result was a 1-5 victory for the Fermi team.

It was a disappointing result for Canis and Arin, but this kind of evaluation was a part that they had to endure if they wanted to stick to their personalities that extremely dislike cooperation with others.

In addition, if the Fermi team was the opponent, even if they had the best team, the result could not be guaranteed, so the faces of the two did not show any sign of discouragement.

Fermi checked the scores of the Sirone team and the Screamer team from a seat overlooking the side of the 2nd arena.

“Hmm, 3 to 1.”

“The Sirone team performed better than expected. According to the initial calculation, it looked like a close match.”

Fermi had a similar idea. However, it was only a probabilistic problem, and the possibility of other variables occurring was always open.

“Insights that create variables. that's sirone If I get just one more point, it will most likely end with this.”

Saying that, Fermi looked at the screamer team.

'Of course, it's never going to end like this.'

The corners of Fermi's mouth parted viciously.

* * *

The 4th round was over, but Suabi was still watching Iruki from the side of the Sirone team.

'Mercodyne Iruki... … .'

If it weren't for the highest level of overpowered magic called Cancellation, which is used by Servant Syndrome, no one would have frustrated her so much at the student level.

Iruki, with his hands behind his back, calmly accepted Suabi's gaze.

'It seems very unfortunate.'

I didn't want to do anything provocative. In terms of calculation speed anyway, everyone in the graduating class was under his feet.

To defeat a Servant, you need intuition, not calculation. That level of intuition is high enough to be placed on the same level as that of a Servant.

“Suabi, let’s go.”

At the screamer's call, Suabi finally turned around.

A fire burned inside. I know that there are many strong people in my senior class, but I also failed the graduation test last year. But the disabling of the major itself was a completely different kind of misery.

The screamer gathered his teammates and said.

“Let’s unite. I will break through the central line in the shortest distance. Pony is going to be aggressive from now on too. If even this round is taken away, a comeback is almost impossible.”

If the score is 4 to 1, defeat is almost certain. This is because Sirone's team always has Ataraxia, which is guaranteed to score one point.

"no. Pony keeps on refreshing.”

Suabi took off her glasses and said.

“I’ll do it right this time.”

The screamer's head tilted.

They've known each other for over a year, but it was the first time that Suabi had shown such a determined attitude, except for the graduation exam.

'Hmm, is this completely pissed off?'

There was nothing bad about the bookmaker, the screamer. I couldn't even guess the cancellation law, but Su Abi, who was involved in the cancellation, said it was okay, so he had better trust it.

“Okay, let's assume this round is over. I will show you when I saw it properly.”

At the beginning of the 5th round, the scrimmers team all gathered on the center line, excluding the guards.

It was a rush and rush tactic with a high come-from-behind win rate.

As soon as the combat package entered the screamer, Iruki twitched his eyes and fired a breakaway spirit zone.

'If it's a cancellation anyway... … .'

Pupperpuppung! Puff puff puff puff!

At that time, the buff effect exploded in succession. Combat packages were being sent to all team members except for the guard.

Iruki blinked in embarrassment, but Suabi gritted her teeth even more and glared at him.

'How can I do this?'

The number of batteries reserved in my head is 137. That was the cumulative number in a situation where 8 were being consumed per second.

'Tiki-tock-tick-tock-tock-tock-tick-tock-tick-tock-tick-tock-tick-tock!'

Whenever the unique sense of rhythm struck my brain, the batteries in my head bounced in all directions.

"ha ha ha! good! This is it!”

The screamer, full of brute force, jumped into the center of Sirone's team without hesitation and hit all four of them. And, just like in the first round, he took a bold finishing stance.

“Kyaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!”

The morale of the screamer team skyrocketed. As soon as Suabi's will was felt, the wingers also began to take out the cards they had saved.

'All I have to do is quit sirone.'

Luman thought as he raised his hands slowly as if he were drawing energy from the soles of his feet.

'Everyone hates me.'

But he didn't care.

For humans, harmony is only the next best thing out of fear of mistrust. If you can control it, you don't care about other people's feelings.

'Yes, I am the number one (self-proclaimed) crowd control.'

Luman's cheeks trembled and the whites of his lips were exposed, and the corners of his mouth went up to the bottom of his ears.

“I am the king of the battlefield!”

The secret weapon 'Spiral Hunter' has been revealed.

Kururrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr!

The ground swirling around in a spiral became soft like mud and dragged Sirone down. And again, it turned into a rock, biting hard on his waist and not letting go.

“Now!”

As the screamer charged, Suabi's concentration jumped to a record high.

Numerous batteries blew through my head like a windstorm.

It was the realm of intuition beyond calculation, and whenever the battery hit the battery, the tongue snapped quickly.

'Tiki-taki-to-kit-kit-kit-kit-kit-kit-kit-kit-kit-kit-kit-kit-taki!'

372 reserve batteries.

The corners of Iruki's mouth went up.

'It's good that I entered the senior class.'

I've never wanted to beat someone in my life. But now it seemed to be vaguely clear.

That I hate losing even more.

'It's wonderful, Suabi.'

Like stars, many talents claim their own talents.

'I must have practiced every day. He must have been diligent, biting the back of his hand every night in order to hold on to his distant spirit.'

Iruki lowered his stance and clenched his fists. It was his own answer to Suabi's sincerity.

'If you do this, your life span will be cut, but... … .'

It was the third time since entering magic school, six years ago, when he had a bloody battle with Nade in the rain, and one year ago, when he was excited by Canis' provocation in the hallway of the infirmary.

Brain cells will be destroyed, but does it matter? Aside from the confrontation, the pride of the Sirone faction was at stake.

'You will become a good wizard. But not now. Because there are only two people in the world who can stop me. One is Sirone, and the other... … .'

Real sparks flew in Iruki's pupils. It was a phenomenon in which electricity was generated in the cerebral cortex and projected onto the retina.

'That's me, Mercodyne Iruki!'

In the virtual image in Iruki's head, data reaching 100 million lines per second soared like a tornado.

When the amount of information that could handle all the events in the city at once was processed, Double Spirit Zone flew through the screamer team at an astonishing speed, canceling all buffs.

"Nonsense… … .”

Suabi was devastated. It was an overwhelming calculation speed that even the will to fight disappeared.

Kwa-kwa-kwa-kwa-kwak!

Sirone, who destroyed the hunter who went out in a frenzy, led a counterattack with her teammates.

With the buff gone, the Screamer team rapidly weakened and ended up on the defensive.

“Haa, I’m pushed after all.”

Eider sighed.

The downside of the bookmaker's deadly strategy is that there is no plan B. If this round was taken away, there would be no chance of a comeback.

The youthful energy disappeared from Eider's face. He took out a chip with a black and white pattern and passed it down his throat.

'It's embarrassing, but does it matter?'

You can even give up graduation if you can enjoy it. No, graduation cannot be abandoned. Because I have to enjoy being a wizard more.

A battery was installed in my head. According to the trader, it will be the advanced technology 'Ghost Movement' of the Air family.

The reason why you can cast magic even if you don't know the inner principle was similar to Sirone's Ataraxia.

"Ah ah ah ah ah… … .”

Eider's eyelids trembled.

The days I endured because I wanted to taste a human being. But now I didn't have to. After making a deal, his graduation was confirmed.

“Ha ha ha ha ha ha!”

Eider took off his mask and flew straight into the team's camp. It is classified as a tactic called reverse position, but there was no agreement with the screamer team.

While the allies looked at each other in bewilderment, Sirone's team intercepted with their own magic.

The first to arrive was the Photon Cannon. However, just before being shot down, Eider's movements were strangely twisted. The movement line swayed like a willow branch and avoided all the photon cannons.

"what? Ghost Movement?”

Dorothy's eyes shone as she watched from outside the battlefield.

It's not magic that can be used at the student level. However, Eider's movements could not be explained without the AT algorithm.

'Is it attached to Fermi?'

It's hard to believe that he learned it in just a few months. The AT algorithm, which automatically avoids the approach of objects by controlling turbulence, was a battery that even pros struggled with.

There was nothing that could stop Eider. Arriving at the hill, he ran towards the flag.

However, it was Maya, not the flag, who broke everyone's expectations and aimed. Fuck! Her body rolled up the hill as her powerful kick turned Maya's jaw.

"what… … !”

Eider sat on Maya's stomach. The muscles in his face were twitching at the thought of venting his yearlong pent-up desire.

“Sister, it will hurt a little. Are you still patient?”

Eider's fist pounded Maya. A muffled laugh escaped from his mouth.

Seeing her terrified expression, the pleasure substance blew my mind away.

“Aaaaaa! It's fun, I'm going crazy!”

Like a gorilla, Eider raised both hands and grinded the pounding, which was not a human figure. Whites were visible in his eyes, and saliva was dripping from his open mouth.

It was so brutal that not only the team members, but also the students who were watching outside after the confrontation were at a loss for words.

“You asked me a question in the game of Truth and Courage.”

Arin said.

“The ugliest person? I was puzzled at first. Because I can't distinguish the shape of things. At the time, I chose Luman, but in fact, the most intense menarche was Eider. According to the classification of the mental system, he is a person who corresponds to 'evil'.”

Canis just listened in silence.

“Only those who understand evil can play good. That is the law of good and evil. All he has in his head is the desire to torment others from beginning to end.”

Canis didn't think much of it. Because all humans in Radum were Eiders.

“The reason I asked the question was to test you out. I acted a bit more after you denied the truth.”

"that's right. I thought I could use it as a trading card. But today's menarche was a little more blatant. Probably because I joined the Fermi organization.”

“Your existence must have had an impact. You would have thought that you couldn't act for a year since a person with supernatural ability came in. Anyway, one card we have is gone.”

Kanis lightly put aside his lingering feelings.

There are dozens of cards left anyway. Rather, it was good to know how much Arin's menarche can put pressure on the senior class.

"Maya!"

Sirone's eyes lit up. Her head went pale when she saw Maya crouching with her face covered and being beaten.

"Hehehe! sick? how much does it hurt Aren't you mad? Will you hate me to death?”

Eider swung his fist with his eyes wide open.

The idea of ​​the Sirone team running from all sides was not in my head. As long as you have the Ghost Movement, no matter what you do, you won't be able to hit yourself.

Dismissed!

Then, blue electricity flashed in front of Eider's eyes.

The AT algorithm kicked in belatedly, pushing his body over 10 meters. Nade's face as he slashed his nails lingered on his retinas. When he came to his senses, he had already come down the hill.

Eider's face, which had been engrossed in bliss, was mixed with fear.

'what? What did I just see?'

I think I saw Nade's face, but I couldn't figure out what it was. It was later recognized that one of her legs was shaking like a dog's leg.

'Are you scared? I?'

Nade, who arrived first, blocked Maya. His face at the time when he swung his hand with the intention of killing him was split into fragments and only remained in parts and then permeated.

“Screamer, flag.”

"ah… … .”

Screamer, who came to his senses at Pony's words, hurriedly ran and pulled out the flag. nobody cared

Sirone approached Maya. Seeing her still trembling in her curled up body, her heart gave way.

"Maya… … .”

Maya is by no means suitable for a wizard. Talent enough to get into the spirit zone should be spent elsewhere. She was an artist who moved people's hearts and a genius singer.

“Maya, wake up.”

Sirone said in a cold voice.

The Maya have a family to support and a tribal honor to protect. If she collapses here, she will never be able to cross the threshold of the wizard.

"wake up. You are still evaluating. If you get disqualified here, we all lose 20 points.”

Maya's shoulders twitched.

20 points for him. But everyone in the senior class is risking their lives to get those 20 points.

'I am… … I'm so scared, Sirone. Everyone here, their coldness is so scary.'

I wanted to give up. I endured for my tribe and fought for my family, but I realized the moment I saw Eider's eyes.

This wasn't the place to be.

'Sirone... … .'

Maya stood up slowly.

I fell in love with Sirone. She was even more desperate than her license as a wizard. Everyone in her senior year would laugh at her, but Maya was that kind of girl.

"I'm okay… … . We can fight more.”

Seeing Maya trying to hold back her tears somehow, Shirone's tears welled up.

I looked back at Eider, who was flirting in the enemy camp. Terrible anger filled his eyes.

---------------------------------------