Colossal Adjustment (1)

Marsha asked.

“What do you mean?”

“Apocalypse is a place where the last information of the future that can be reached based on reality is accumulated. Of course, it is not a structure that is physically accumulated.”

"okay. Even in an ordinary home, there are things that are one year old, and there are things that are over 20 years old. Mining is collecting the oldest artifacts and uncovering information about the near future. Of course, there are times when you actually have to mine... …

"yes. In that sense, it means a lot that the building where Digital Ra is located is Fairy Biome Metics. In the demon war, the elves sided with the humans. The elven chief, Enox, thinks of themselves as a failed race.”

Only man dreams endlessly, desires endlessly, struggles nonstop.

“She knows. That the species that did not assimilate into human society eventually become livestock.”

Representatively, there is a hwajok.

“Enox and the elves are still fighting. And this tombstone speaks of their results.”

“Fairy won.”

It was never good for humans either.

“Why don't you show up? It's understandable that the giant doesn't move because he's already obeying Le's command, but... …

“It is the same with fairies. As Ikael stepped down from the position of archangel, his focal point disappeared. But now it's clear what they're after.”

Fairy Biomimetics Inc.

"I'm trying to be human." Biomimetics.

“As for the elves’ agape… … In a completely different way.”

The angels' cries were sad.

“Ah, why did this happen… … is it an angel

There was no nobility to be found in those who lost their pure concept, the Astral Body.

Just low self-esteem.

'Why are you sad?'

Uriel looked up at the sky where Sirone left.

'Just because we lost the concept doesn't mean we cease to be who we are. But why?'

There has always been a perfect standard.

Angels, who have their own concept from birth, have no conflict about their actions.

'Even if it's a fallen angel... … A crime committed within one's concept

being

'For the angels, the light body must have been the standard of existence, regardless of power or ability.'

If it wasn't for that much of a shock, it wouldn't have been possible to call it a fall in status.

'Then what about me?'

Uriel asked himself.

'Even if I lose the Astral Body, even if there is no standard of existence, can I make a choice?'

I couldn't kill Ichael.

The fact that the Archangel of Destruction hesitated in the face of destruction was clearly a function of the mind.

'I defined myself by my own standards, not by the standards of the universe.'

The asteroid does not perish.

“Ah, Mr. Uriel.”

The angels gathered toward the brilliant asteroid floating above Uriel's head.

“What shall we do now? Should it perish? Or should it exist? This hand, this foot... … Where should I move?” Uriel looked down at the servile expressions of the angels.

'I've never done it before.'

The act of choosing something for oneself.

"let's go."

Uriel turned around.

'I can't go to the human world where Satiel lived. They won't stand it.'

In other words, a child who has just been born.

Terrible things would happen if they were taken to humans who dealt with uncertainty.

'Like a predator.'

The angels asked as they followed helplessly.

“Where are you going?”

The Archangel with the celestial body left for the sun, and humans became their nemesis.

“Crown.”

He was the head of the 72nd class of fairies.

A giant sailboat created by Ashur's signal stretched out into the vast space.

Sirone was in the captain's room.

'Raiel must have arrived.'

Ashur's sailboat is also fast enough to go to the sun in one day, but the speed of light is different.

'Concept, not speed. The unit of signal that composes the universe.'

The mind is faster than the speed of light, but super light speed is nothing but nothing between signals.

'There is no substance that is faster than light.'

Even at that speed, it would take about 10 minutes to get to the sun.

Ashur came in.

"sorry."

It was Sirone, who mobilized all of Signal's abilities and was wary of the outside while he recovered.

"no. Warp is impossible. If it wasn't for Mr. Ashur, he wouldn't have even tried.”

If there is even the slightest doubt left in the mind, the quantum phenomenon will not be activated.

Although Omega's experience could bring it closer, this time I wasn't sure.

'No creature has ever entered the sun. No, even if there was, it would have been the same.'

It was an unknown that was out of even Taeseong's control.

“Going in a straight line would be the fastest, but there are many dangers at subluminal speed. I will take a detour to a safe route.”

"yes. Please.” When I came down to the passenger compartment, I saw Ikael and Amy standing side by side in front of the window.

Ikael's expression darkened.

“Are you concerned?”

She betrayed Heaven for Sirone, but the angels were also precious to her.

"yes. But it will be fine. Because Uriel is left. He will take good care of you.”

Amy asked.

“You said it was the home of angels. What kind of place is it? It’s my first time going to the sun.”

Sensing her consideration, Ikael smiled.

“It's a beautiful place. Of course, by human standards, it may be a bit extreme.”

"little bit?"

Sirone's eyes narrowed.

“Whoops. The sun's light is a network that travels end to end in outer space. If there is no light, there is no sense, and then there is no world for humans.”

“Everything comes from the sun.”

"yes. That is 'La'. And the one who controls all those suns is the Anke Line, the incarnation of the unquenchable sun, the Akashic Records.” immortal a.

“If any creature born of Ra came to Miss Amy's planet, it might feel like a tough environment. But to me, an angel, the sun is the most cozy and peaceful place to rest.”

“Then angels can withstand the sun.”

“Of course I can’t stand it.”

Ikael pursed his lips and rolled his eyes.

When Amy lost her words at the girlish appearance, she continued to explain with a smile.

“Even an angel who is a conceptual body cannot stand in front of the huge energy of the sun.”

It was the reason why the 12 apostles did not come.

“However, the asteroid does not disappear and is absorbed intact. That's why angels can go to the sun. In other words, the sun itself is a gigantic asteroid.”

It seemed to know what it meant.

“It is a set of mental bodies. But can we humans survive?”

Sirone said.

“I'm sure we can defend ourselves with the Miracle Stream, but that's probably the limit. If Satiel takes a hostile response, it could be dangerous.”

“That's why Amy came along.”

Ikael said.

“Amy with the incarnation of fire will be able to withstand the power of the sun. In terms of the law, it means that the systems do not conflict and become compatible.”

“Do you really think so?”

Of course, he was confident, and even if he wasn't confident, he would have followed him, but the opponent was none other than Taeyang.

'I'm stepping on the sun?' Ikael stroked her hair as the imagining Amy's eyes unfocused.

“Ho-ho, don’t worry. If it affects the conceptual body of the angels, it means that it is close to the phase of Ra. It's good to look forward to it. It is a very beautiful place.”

Amy looked back at the window.

"sun??????

At the far end of outer space, a sparkling star the size of a gold coin was waiting for them.

The sun is wonderful. If you see a fireball that is 100 times the size of the human planet from just 1,000 meters away, you will realize how splendid this world is.

Both eyes were blinded by the tremendous light, and if it was a creature, it would have melted right away.

“The operation has definitely changed.”

The angels, who are concept entities, have accepted the whole world of pale deterioration as it is.

Rayel transferred the consciousness to the asteroid.

“There has been an adjustment throughout the universe. To build several pyramids on one planet.”

In terms of the rate of change, it was a subtlety that could not be measured with any instrument.

Adjustment located at the point reached by digging into half of half, half of half of that half with air coward.

The changes that have taken place in that realm are what the angels call.

"feeling."

Satiel frowned.

“Even with an angel’s senses, a change so small that feeling is everything. But because the name has changed... …

It's a huge adjustment.

The explosion on the sun's surface sent a plume of fire thousands of kilometers high into space.

feast of light.

The light born now will cross the vacuum and cause countless events throughout the universe... … .

"joy."

There was no angelic authority in that light.

“I can't admit it. I'll bring back the angels. You can change it from the core.”

“Can I? Even if all the archangels gather, it's difficult. Above all, even if you connect to Ra's core, if you want to reverse this change... …

Amplification power is needed.

“Ichael.”

The fact that he couldn't do anything without her fueled Satiel's anger.

“You have no choice but to try. Now it's just the two of us left. An angel with a heart... … yes?"

Satiel looked back at Rayel.

“But why do you still have the Astral Body? Have you ever broken the standard of the law?” There was no answer, and Mara Luna, who was hiding behind Ley El, strained her eyes.

'It's all because of you.'

When Satiel decided to become an archangel herself, the archangels left her side.

Although she screamed loudly, her voice could not touch the world.

'Raiel-nim stopped walking.'

- I am the archangel! I'll make everything right! I will punish the traitor Ikael!

Rayel, who had been listening to her cries all night, sighed and turned around.

“Luna, let’s go back.”

“Raiel-nim, Satiel-nim does not have the authority to lead the archangels. Why do you want to bend over?”

- I am the noblest! I am the chief angel!

“I’ve known you for a long time.” Luna could never forget the look on Layelle's face as she turned to Satiel at that moment.

“Because I don’t think you should leave me too.”

"Rael... …

he made his own choice

Satiel didn't ask anymore.

"red. well, it's okay If you are there, it will be a little easier. Because you are the archangel of light.”

"okay. Let's go in.”

The moment the two angels leaned toward the sun, Luna's face crumpled.

“Keugh! Rayel... …

“Go back to subspace. This is our hometown. It is not a place that Mara can endure.”

It felt like my body would melt if I moved just 1 meter from here.

“I don’t like it. I will follow you.”

Moonlight Mara Luna is the goddess of madness. Her obsession with Leila was beyond imagination.

"Luna."

Rayel caressed her terribly beautiful face.

“I command.”

“Layle. You are my master.” Rubbing her cheeks with tears in her eyes, Luna's body blurred and she disappeared into subspace.

Rayel turned around.

“Let’s go.”

The conceptual bodies of the two angels rushing toward the sun at breakneck speed began to catch fire.

'iced coffee.'

Satiel felt an infinite rest.

'la. my hometown.'

The body of the angel evaporated in an instant, and the two stars dug into the bosom of the sun.