[85] Light and darkness, good and evil (3)

'haha. Is this a human fist?'

It's a power that can't be inferior to magic. Moreover, it didn't even end with a single shot. Ethella held her breath and threw her fists out in succession. His wrists throbbed every time he hit the heavy darkness, but the impact his opponent received was several times his.

Arcane gritted his teeth and collected his mind. Ethella's fists are powerful, but the nature of her impact is unique. Instead of destroying the surface, she created a shockwave inside. The problem was the interference caused by overlapping shock waves.

'It's a wave series. This is dangerous.'

Aaaaaaa!

At the moment the Dark Golem struggled in pain, Etella's eyes shone as she was pouring blows. Taking one more step forward, she struck the golem's stomach with her palm, creating a massive ripple that caused roughly 400 meddling actions. This meant that a shock wave 400 times stronger than Etella's regime exploded inside.

The golem shuddered as if it had swallowed a bomb, and its black body swelled up. It looked like it would explode sooner or later.

“Great!”

Arcane frowned and supported his spirit. If the Spirit Zone is broken, the Dark Golem will collapse. As the golem's tremors subsided as it wrestled with the shockwave, Etella bit her lip. & nbsp;

'Is it not enough? I should have nested it a bit more.'

Yin-Yang Wave Fist is a martial art that uses water waves to create ripples on the opponent's body, then pushes a powerful wave and explodes it. The downside is that it takes time to reach the peak, but once the final blow is in, the amount of impact is terrifying.

But Arcane persevered. The amount of shock received by the Dark Golem reached 400 times the blow of the schema swordsman, but the spirit of the archmage, Arcane, did not go away.

“It’s pretty, kid.”

“The next one won't end like this. Give up now.”

“Chuck! I guess there's still power left. I'm so glad that I will warm up properly after a long time.”

When Arcane raised his hand, all the Dark Spiders began to permeate into the Dark Golem's body. The dark golem, which gradually grew in size, finally pierced the ceiling of the sea of ​​water that covered the sky.

Ethella was dizzy. The Dark Golem now visible was the infamous identity of Arcane's confrontation with numerous countries. A small to medium-sized city could be wiped out in a matter of days.

“How is it, is it nice? Whether it's a wave ticket or something, you have to beat it hard. The abyss of my golem is deeper than the sea.”

If it was a giant golem over 10 meters tall, it was questionable whether the shockwave could spread. But Ethella clenched his fists enough to crumble. will be the light of the world Even if death awaited him, he had to move on.

Aaaaang!

The Dark Golem walked with a roar. Despite the increase in size, the speed remained the same. Being able to move at the speed of thought was the biggest reason why the Dark Fellowship was classified as overpowered.

thud!

The Dark Golem's fist hit the place where Etela was standing. Seismic waves knocked down trees and plowed the ground as if hundreds of moles were passing under it.

thud! thud! thud!

A series of fists were stamped. The shock wave shook the ground and devastated the surroundings. The sixth time the fist landed, Etella turned her around and climbed onto the golem's forearm. She then ran up to her shoulders and crossed her arms as she jumped. As she fell, her fast, unseen punch knocked her golem.

Deed deed deed deed!

It was a thunderbolt strike of the Thousand-Handed Kannon, a five-year-old man of Yin-Yang Wave Fist.

“Big!”

Sparks exploded non-stop in Arcane's brain. More than 30 shocks per second were pouring in. If the number of ripples generated per second is approximately 300, 600 ripples will spread under the assumption that it takes 2 seconds to land. This alone causes approximately 3,000 interference actions. However, the essence of Yin-Yang Wave Fist was in the final blow, the Jangbeop. What would happen if you allowed it to go there? If all properties of interference, refraction, and reflection are considered, the number of interferences that occur after 2 seconds is quite... … .

'68,000 times.'

The shock amplified 68,000 times that of Etela's blow explodes inside. Arcane's hair stood on end. However, contrary to her emotions, the corners of her mouth were grotesquely raised.

“Quack! I feel like I'm back now.”

I have no intention of running away. If the enemy was strong, it would have been enough to crush it with more force than that. How much I missed this moment. The glory of the past, where he competed with countless geniuses, passed by like a kaleidoscope.

Aaaaaaa!

The Dark Golem twisted its waist like a pretzel. Ethella, who arrived on the ground, also pulled his hands to his sides. The energy of the thunderbolt field, the last food of the thousand-handed Guanyin thunderbolt, rushed into the palm of my hand. As the Dark Golem's fist swung in, Ethella clenched her teeth and held out her two palms.

'A thunderbolt field!'

Woooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooh!

A mushroom cloud rose from the middle of the mountain range.

As all the trees in a radius of 20 meters were uprooted, the dense forest turned into a wasteland.

* * *

The stars in the night sky were twinkling. Ethella blinked her eyes in the starlight pouring through the branches.

“… … .”

how much time has passed

No, how far did it fly?

All the trees where she flew were broken.

At the end of the gruesome trail, Etella, sprawled out, couldn't move a single finger. Her muscles twitched against her will. There was no feeling at all in her fingertips and toes.

'Master... … .'

Etella was incapable of combat.

'The Archmage is really strong.'

Even the magic of the Yin and Yang Wave Fist wasn't enough to stop the Dark Fellow cast by the Archmage.

Is this what magic close to disaster is?

The sense of shame at not being able to destroy evil tormented her heart.

If you had overlapped a little more waves, if you had perfectly mastered the ritual of the Thousand-Armed Kannon, if you had increased the power of the lightning field.

“Black. Whoa... … .”

Ethella raised her trembling arm and covered her eyes. Hot tears flowed like a waterfall.

"I'm sorry, Master."

Etela's sobs echoed through the mountains.

Group (1)

Sirone and Canis did not miss each other's position even in the complex terrain of the forest. It was cautious rather than violent, and had a strong tendency toward psychological warfare rather than firefighting. Due to the contrasting nature of light and darkness, if the delicate balance is broken, the charter can turn in an instant. It was a question of who would throw the punch first.

It was Canis who felt the pressure more. Due to the nature of dark magic, they are aiming for counters, but Sirone never gave up a gap and created tension with only tactical movements. Through brainwave exchange, Harvest's thoughts came over.

- It's definitely fine. It's not possible for anyone to be this cool in a combat situation.

- Shall we pretend to be tricked and stick together? You need to create a variable. I can't be dragged around like this.

- Hmm. It's a mirror chess situation.

The strategy of moving pieces in the same way as the opponent does not widen the gap in power until the middle. Then, if you can't stand the pressure and make a mistake, you'll immediately poke a gap. However, if the opponent maintains the pace until the end, he has no choice but to pay the price for giving the first attack.

'It doesn't even show any signs of shaking. If we continue like this, we could end up in danger.'

Canis thought it would be advantageous to take the first attack. And he communicated his will through mental channels.

- Harvey. What do you think?

- huh? Oh yeah. As time goes by, we will be at a disadvantage. let's go active

When the thoughts coming through the channel were slower than usual, Kanis asked, widening the distance with the Dark Fort.

- what's the matter?

- No, because I felt the seismic waves a while ago. It's two kilometers from here.

With a highly developed sense of vibration, Harvest was able to see, hear, and even taste through vibration.

- Seismic waves?

- It is still being delivered. Arcane is the only thing that shocks me like this. It's probably because he cast the Dark Fellowship.

- Master? But the Dark Fellowship is a secret weapon. What does this mean?

- There are good and bad intentions. The good meaning is that the state of inspiration is extremely brisk. The bad meaning is that I met an opponent who was strong enough to cast Dark Fellowship.

- If it's a strong opponent... … Is it Alpheas?

- For now, it would be reasonable to think so. Anyway, we have to move now. If Arcane found Alpheas, we'd better clean up this place too.

- okay. Let's begin.

Kanis closed the gap and entered. Contrary to expectations, Sirone collided without losing. Catching the change of the flow immediately and maintaining the initiative was an animalistic feedback.

Kanis cast the power of darkness. The shape of the shadow is endowed with a wizard's unique personality, and Kanis's was a double-sided saw blade specialized in attack.

As Sirone fired the Photon Cannon continuously, the power of darkness was cut away like a rock stricken by wind and waves. Certainly light was the nemesis of darkness, but Canis adhered to dark magic. All of the basic magic of each series could be used, but it was not at the level of dealing with small skills.

'Let's hold on. I can't use magic of this power forever. If you can endure it, the flow will definitely change.'

As expected by Canis, Sirone's mental fatigue was accumulating moment by moment. No matter how superior it is in nature, the defense power of dark magic was not negligible. 

'I need more power.'

Since photons are so active, losses inevitably occur. Sirone thus gained mass by compressing the photons faster than they were lost. It was a method that consumed a lot of mental power, but the power was stronger, and the sphere of white light swayed dizzy and increased in size.

Canis immediately sensed the change.

- what?

- The power has increased. I'll take it.

Harvest, who blocked Canis's path, took a posture that gave strength to her abdomen. As a huge photon cannon rammed into the ship, it attacked both of his hands and crushed the photons. However, the photon was not crushed, rather, Harvest's body flew through the forest with a hollow sound.

Kanis's face turned into an absurd expression.

- Harvey. are you okay?

- so so. It's terribly heavy. It's a murder weapon.

Sirone floated a photon cannon above the top of her head. Subsequently, photons were also created on both of his shoulders. As the three photon cannons swayed with enormous mass, Harvest stretched out his arms and shouted as if he would not be pushed back by his momentum.

“Kiki Kiki! It tickles! Is this just your last move?”

"no. Practice for now.”

“… … .”

Harvest's voice cut off. When the photon cannon, which was twice as powerful as the first shot, was fired, the giant trees in the places where the flash passed by exploded their sides. Harvest's thoughts flowed as Canis' mental channel sped up to the limit.

- Canis. let's avoid this

- Once you start dodging, you'll lose the initiative. This is a fight you can't back down from.

- I don't think I can stop it!

- I can stop it. Absorb my psyche

- Damn it! You're a real troublemaker!

After absorbing Canis' mental power, Harvest's body swelled enormously. As the ship opened, the shadow, which had turned into the jaws of a beast, screamed at the three beams.

"Quaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!"

Light struck the darkness.

* * *

Creas is a warm southern city. And now it was summer. However, at the top of the bridge that could not be crossed, a snowstorm was raging.

Iruki and Nade fastened their collars. The blizzard obscured the view, blurring the images of Shiina and Lucas.

"eww. It's very cold. What happened? Why did Shiina-sensei cast magic?”

“Maybe you’ve come back to your senses? He might have awakened when he fell off the cliff.”

---------------------------------------