[587] Darkness (2)

Eden felt fear for the first time in the shock wave of enormous mass pouring toward a single point.

'Are you afraid? I?'

It was an unacceptable feeling for her, who was invincible under the care of God.

'That can't be!'

Eden resisted with all his might.

Even the planet is wide for humans, so they desperately raised their faith in front of a heinous phenomenon that they would never experience even if they lived their whole lives.

“Huh!”

Tears flow because I can't overcome my fear.

If there is a god beyond the human realm, Sirone's quasar is also a god.

'No, no!'

God must stay far above that.

'I thought it was only this much?'

Was the faith that was believed to encompass the universe only the stubbornness of a minor creature that did not experience the limit in the end?

"it is not so! My faith, my faith... … !”

As the number of flashes reached along the 4-dimensional route increased, the quasar's energy soared exponentially.

"Kyaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!"

Suddenly, a scream erupted from Eden's mouth.

The absolute barrier was still protecting her, but she couldn't help but feel shaken.

'Stop giving up, Eden!'

If you can't tolerate Gaold's pain... … Her gods also cannot escape humans.

'It's not absolute! That's not God, Eden!'

It collapses.

I felt a crack in the Absolute Barrier.

'I can't do this!'

It also meant that the faith of Eden was collapsing.

“God… … !”

Tears pouring down, Eden uttered a prayer.

“I believe in you!”

Trapped in the light and unable to move anywhere, as she knelt down holding hands, the durability of the shield soared to an all-time high.

'amazing. It's amazing.'

How strong can the human heart be?

“Stay! Forever watch over me!”

Eden cannot be destroyed.

Because God exists and I believe in it.

At the limit of belief that one human being can reach, Quasar is knocking on a solid wall without a break.

'Why are you angry? Why are you angry?'

Knock, knock, I heard a crack in my head.

'What have I done wrong! What's wrong!'

Damn it! The shock came as the shield began to break.

“Huh!”

The reality itself, which can only be felt because it is human, was rushing in.

'Oh God! Why are you punishing me!'

The light of a quasar with a diameter of over 100 meters swelled up like an explosion in an instant.

* * *

“I recognize the ability of a Servant. But we won.”

Hersey raised an eyebrow.

“You would think that if you didn’t get Kang, you would be able to shred the cards without wasting them, but in reality you are losing money.”

It was like throwing the collected cards in the trash.

“It doesn’t mean anything. Thanks to that, we got a draw.”

“That is your mistake.”

Hercy pointed at Iruki.

“You have to bet on it somehow. That you shouldn't have used up the scramble on me. Because we have an Eden.”

If Eden could not be retired, a draw was meaningless from the start.

“Passing the ball to a teammate? You’re emotional, Iruki.”

“So what do you want to say?”

"first."

Hersy raised her index finger.

“I couldn’t properly see through the opponent’s capabilities. This is your mistake.”

“Iruki, over there!”

Dorothy pointed to the sky with a surprised expression.

Both Iruki, who confirmed the place, and Hercy, who belatedly turned their heads, widened their eyes.

“That… … What the hell is it?”

Is this what it feels like to see the sun in front of you?

Thousands of light sources flashed and quickly grew in size and filled the night sky.

It was the birth of a quasar viewed from a distance.

* * *

"Kyaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah

Hearing Eden's throat-rending screams, Sirone could only watch.

'It's a big deal! I can not stop!'

The reason why flashes fly from all directions is because space-time has completely crumpled around the coordinates.

The amplifying power itself would not be much different from the two-dimensional ataraxia, but the power of concentrating the energy that should be released in a straight line into one point was different from conventional magic.

'I will die at this rate.'

As soon as he was convinced, Eden's defenses began to tear apart terribly.

“Huh!”

Eden's eyes widened and his body opened like a bow.

Like a newborn baby, the shock of reality came through the skin vividly.

'Amgu!'

Sirone threw the female sphere amplified by Ataraxia into the quasar.

There was nothing I could do other than this.

As the light energy was sucked into the darkness, the quasar's brilliance quickly dimmed to the point of being visible.

'please please!'

Even so, Eden's life and death were unpredictable.

Finally, the quasar disappeared, and Sirone confirmed Eden falling from the sky.

I cast teleportation and managed to catch her, then checked to see if she was still alive.

“Whew.”

It was feeble, but my heart was thumping up and down.

“Put it down.”

Eden's voice was faintly audible.

Maintaining consciousness is a great mental strength, but the body was in a state where it was impossible to lift a finger.

“It is dangerous as it is. Let's get treatment first."

“Put it down.”

I tried to speak with as much emotion as I could, but even that didn't feel the power.

Sirone, who laid Eden on the grass, slowly backed away.

"why… … .”

A single tear flowed from her eyes.

It wasn't just that I lost the game, but because my lifelong trust was broken, I couldn't speak out.

“Why did I lose?”

“Eden… … .”

Interrupting Sirone, she burst into anger.

“I can't do this! Why am I worse than Gaold! I have never violated the will of God Yor! Gaold has abandoned God!”

"okay."

Sirone said.

"But I guess God didn't abandon Gaold."

Eden's eyes widened in shock.

“Eden, I don’t know if there is a God or not. But the moment you try to prove God through Gaold, even the God you believe in can't be God.”

Sirone stepped in front of her.

“Faith is not like that. Your faith is only to become a great yorah and spread love.”

'Oh God… … .'

Eden's eyes burned hot.

I finally realized

Why was God so angry with him?

'I doubted you... … Please forgive me.'

After praying for repentance, she slowly opened her eyes.

“Take me.”

"huh?"

“It’s MasterCard. not here Shouldn't it be destroyed?"

"Oh right. where are you?"

“You cannot go alone. I'll give you the location.”

“That’s a bit… … .”

It wasn't until the battle was over that the fact that she had no clothes felt real.

“Can’t we just put on some clothes and start?”

“Are you kidding me now? The clothes are there, how do you wear them? I can't even move my fingers."

"Then I'd rather wear my clothes... … .”

When Sirone tried to take off her shirt, Eden stopped her.

“Let’s just go. Because that’s even weirder.”

Realizing it only after taking action, Sirone hurriedly lowered her jacket and held up Eden.

"where are you?"

When Sirone asked without eye contact, she smiled helplessly and opened her mouth.

"West. Near the 19 training ground.”

* * *

“Whoa! Whoa!”

Amy took a weary step.

Cayden, with broken ribs, was being dragged along by her hind legs.

The acid will burn, and if left unattended, you may suffocate to death.

Amy left the fire and tossed Cayden to the floor in annoyance.

"cadet! The more I think about it, the more I get mad! You are a truly unlucky human being.”

It was an honest feeling, but it was also a tribute to the enemy.

“I’ve heard a lot about that. But listening to Karmis is a refusal.”

Amy, who had been stunned, sat down in her seat.

“Yeah, what can I say? You and I are not in a position to envy others.”

"Why didn't you kill me?"

"what?"

“Why did you bring me here? don't you want to kill do you hate me?”

Amy pursed her lips.

“Well, why did you save him?”

There was only one answer she could give.

“Because it could be me.”

Caden turned his head.

“I entered the magic school and fought fiercely. I came this far defeating countless competitors. Maybe you did too.”

“… … .”

“Even if you hate me to death, when you win, you won’t feel the joy of victory. The relief of surviving is everything.”

Amy looked down at her feet.

“It’s scary because everyone is doing their best. Today I stepped on you and climbed up, but maybe I was the one who collapsed right here.”

Amy, hiding her sad expression, grinned.

“Perhaps that is why. People who risk their lives to do something, no matter how much you hate them, you can’t hate them.”

Cayden looked up at the stars in the night sky.

"I don't understand the mindset of wizards."

“… … I wanted to ask you before, why did you come to magic school?”

"not really. At first I just came. No worries. You will do well here anyway.”

“Would you like another shot?”

“I was thinking of staying for a while until I met Maya. But now it's a little different. Should I be comfortable?”

Cayden looked back at Amy.

“Because wizards don't sympathize. As you."

As Amy fell silent, his gaze returned to the sky.

“See it as it is. The Red Cross of Sacrifice or whatever, it was different from swordsmanship school to say bad luck is bad luck.”

“It may sound presumptuous, but do you have any intention of rejecting fate?”

“Really presumptuous.”

"know! I'm just asking! Because of the loser subject, only his mouth is alive!”

Caden confessed his feelings.

“There is no way to deny the fate of the Red Cross. But I can live by ignoring it. I also want to learn swordsmanship again.”

“Aha, are you going to smash me?”

“There are things like that.”

If Cayden resumes swordsmanship, he will be the best in no time.

There is only one reason, because he doesn't want to be the best in swordsmanship.

“Maya should forget too. I can't achieve anything I want That's my life.”

“Can you turn away?”

“Maybe it’s not a bad life if you become the best at anything.”

Cayden, who came up with an interesting idea, raised the corner of his mouth.

“In that respect, it would be perfect if I made you a knight oath. Because I can protect the woman I don’t like and use the swordsmanship I don’t like.”

"haha! Hey, just imagining it is truly terrifying!”

Caden also couldn't hold back his laughter even in the midst of pain, probably thinking that it was ridiculous.

'It's a knight oath.'

Lian appeared in Amy's mind.

Compared to Cayden, it can be said that he is a swordsman who is the opposite of perfect, but when I think of the spirit he showed, I was envious of Sirone on the other hand.

“I know your dream is to be an artist, but I want you to become a prosecutor.”

"You're sending a competitor like this."

“You are laughing! You are no match for me!”

After screaming, Amy's face became calm again.

“I don’t know… … They say there could be a big war in the future.”

According to what I heard from Sirone, it was so.

“War is always there.”

“Suddenly, I had a thought. If fate really exists, there must be a reason why you were born in the Red Cross.”

The best talent is what you get at the cost of not achieving what you desperately want.

"It's a sacrifice."

Suddenly, Maya's face came to mind.

“If there is a war and I can help, I will be able to protect her after all.”

I thought that maybe that was the closest distance I could be by her side.

“… … Still, I won't take an oath to be a knight.”

"Ho Ho! Who said he would accept it? Just put a knife in front of me I'll kick your ass in front of people!”

"However much. Because that won't happen.”

They were two people who spoke loudly.

---------------------------------------