[61] Shiina under the moonlight (4)

Nade encouraged.

“Do it, do it. First of all, it is to project the image of the body in the state of no self. after that… … .”

“I know what it is. Wait a minute. Just focus.”

When her friends were silent, Sirone closed her eyes. The state of no self right before entering the Spirit Zone. From there, her body image is projected and the senses of her whole body are awakened with insight!

“Ugh… … Aaaaaa! Oh, no. It's getting harder.”

Iruki said while holding back a laugh.

“Idiot, will it be real? Being specialized in the Spirit Zone means you have no talent at all in the schema.”

“Puhahaha!”

When Nade burst into laughter, Sirone raised his ax eye and looked back at the two.

“Mr. Lee, I won’t do it! change!"

In the end, the three of them decided to take turns carrying Shiina.

However, Nade spread after half the distance Sirone had walked, and Iruki couldn't move even ten steps at all.

Shirone, who lifted Shiina up again with her wobbly arms, was speechless.

“Hey, don’t we look really stale?”

"It's rude to say something you can just think about, Shirone."

At the end of Nade's words, the three of them shut their mouths. It wasn't that I was in awe. I was just too tired to talk.

By the time we arrived at school, Sirone suddenly spoke up. 

“There you are… … . Let's stop doing that.”

“Is that it? Like what?"

“Negotiating with Shiina-sensei about what happened today.”

“Hmm.”

It was true that Nade was also stabbed by his conscience. However, it was a matter of nothing else but the survival of the study group.

“But there is no good way. Did you think of a way to save the research society?”

"doesn't exist. But I think it should be separate from that. Honestly today... … It must have been a very sad day for Shiina-sensei. I don't know the details, but it feels like it.”

It was a fact that everyone felt. I said goodbye to the person I had in my heart since I was young. Shiina was a strong person even if it ended with just one drink.

“But isn’t it strange to be so sentimental? Why do we live? Except for the use of the head, it's a corpse. In times like this, you have to be cool. There's no way to save the research society right away, so why do we have to overdo it?"

Iruki's words were also persuasive. If you make a wrong judgment based on your emotions, the future that will unfold is a series of difficulties.

Nade was also slightly inclined.

“Hmm. To be honest, Shiina-sensei is a difficult type to deal with. You have no weaknesses. How could we have even thought of this? It is true that it is a chance of luck that is second to none.”

Iruki chimed in.

“He has a rough personality, is thorough in planning, and meticulous in managing students. Especially since you heard it before. She didn't hesitate to talk about going out with Sirone to prevent the overflow. What can we do against such a tight-knit opponent?”

'These... … !'

Shiina, who had been listening with her eyes closed, burst into tears. She was in a bad mood and her body was tired, so she tried to be carried quietly, but she couldn't listen.

“But now you know.”

Sirone said.

“Why did the teacher choose to become a teacher and why was he so obsessed with overflow? Shiina-sensei doesn’t want us to walk the same path as her teacher.”

“Yeah, but… … .”

“No matter what happened to you as a teacher, the important thing is that you truly care for us. But what about us? You're trying to attack the teacher's painful past as a weakness. Even the senior members of the research club wouldn’t want to see their juniors ruined this much.”

This time, even Iruki couldn't refute. A wizard always seeks efficiency, but if you focus too much on efficiency, you miss out on what's really important. 

“… … You always hit the mark at times like this.”

Nade, who made the decision, spoke lightly. 

"good. Let's keep the teacher's work today as our own secret. How is it, Iruki?”

“I have no complaints if I can’t relate to the work of the study group. To be honest, I think Shiina-sensei is the best when it comes to education.”

“Well, we are the villains. It's rare to find a teacher who takes care of students like Shiina-sensei. Besides, compared to what we've done, you've really looked at it a lot."

said Iruki.

"I'll give you this time. It's a study group thing. If the three of us put our heads together, won't there be a solution?”

Sirone said.

“So are you going to do that? Even if you are punished tomorrow, what happened today will be taken to the grave. Never speak out!”

"good! Bid!”

Once I got out of the torture of hope, I felt more at ease. Sirone and the others moved more diligently with a lighter heart than before. No one knew that Shiina, who was sitting on Shirone's back, had opened her eyes at some point.

I saw the front gate of the magic school. A half-exhausted Sirone noticed a guard standing there holding a torch and stopped. It was not yet past midnight, so the night shift hadn't come home.

"What do we do? I don't know what kind of rumors will spread if I go back like this. Besides, aren’t we going out without permission?”

“I can’t. Let's use magic from here. I’m going to float Shiina-sensei, so you support me.”

"wait for a sec. Put the teacher down for a while. Iruki, help me.”

As I bent my knees, the weight on my back suddenly disappeared. Surprised, Shirone looked back at her and found Shiina standing upright. Her drunken form was gone and her eyes were as clear as the stars.

“Sir, sir?”

The collapsed Sirone sat down on the ground. If you were able to walk, what would you become if you had suffered so far?

“Teacher, are you really okay?”

"then. Did you really think I would get drunk?”

Sirone let out a rough breath and wept.

“But how come… … ?”

“If you ate an expensive meal, you have to pay for it. Did you mean not to suffer this much? follow me anyway If you want to go in finely.”

Shirone and the others followed Shiina as if possessed by a ghost. Her guard, recognizing her, lifted her sleepy eyes and greeted her.

“Ah, good night, Shiina-sensei.”

"yes. Thank you for your hard work.”

"however… … Did you go out with the students?”

"yes. I took him on a field trip.”

“Ah, that's right. Welcome back. Have a good night.”

School rules prohibit students from entering at night, but there was no doubt about Shiina's words, who had a high reputation in the school.

Terrified, Sirone and the others quickly passed the school gate. I was afraid that the guard would call me from behind. When they reached Central Park safely, Shiina turned around and glared at them.

“Hee!”

Sirone and the others could finally feel it with their skin. That he had returned to Alpheas Magic School.

"I'll just let go of what happened today."

When the unexpected words came out, Shirone and the others looked at Shiina in surprise.

“I’ll give you another month from today. That’s the best negotiating card I can offer.”

Sirone and the others realized what they meant. Initializing the grace period meant that we should try a real sword fight.

“Find a way to convince the school in a month. Whether you hold a presentation or bring a ghost, that's up to you guys. If you really take pride in the study group, fight the school with confidence and get what you want. That is my view of education and the way I love my students.”

Sirone and the others were in tears. I couldn't believe that Shiina, not someone else, said this. 

"yes! To expect! It will surely amaze the school!”

"that's right! Being embarrassed is not our style! This time, let’s really think about it properly and try it!”

Shiina gave a bitter smile as she looked at the students who had regained their confidence. It is true that when their motivation is high, anxiety first subsides, but on the other hand, I was excited to see what great things they could accomplish.

'Whoops. Try hard. You disgusting disciples.'

Invisible (1)

Shirone, who visited the study group later than usual, raised her hand weakly when she saw Nade and Iruki lying on the sofa.

"hi."

“Did you sleep well last night?”

"I don't know. I don't even know if I slept. What are you guys?”

“It’s the same. what do we do now We had an all-night meeting yesterday and didn't come up with any good ideas.”

Sirone sat down on the sofa and said.

“I have to make a decision today. Let's come up with a solution.”

“So how? Supernatural psychic science is an invisible phenomenon. But humans don't believe in what they can't see."

The same story as last night was being repeated. Tired of even talking, they stared blankly at one place. It felt like my brain was empty and turned into a blank slate. How much time had passed, the focus returned to Sirone's eyes. 

“How about changing your mind?”

Nade and Iruki jumped to their feet. I don't know what kind of words will come out, but it's definitely different from the patterns that have appeared so far.

"how?"

“So this is the dilemma we face. That there is no way to show the invisible.”

"okay. That's a big problem.”

“So what I mean is, if you can’t see it, you don’t have to show it. Would you say that you've been clinging to the impossible? I wonder if it would be okay to find a way to not show it.”

The saying that it doesn't matter if you don't show it is also in line with the saying that you don't have to hold a presentation. But his friends were not disappointed. Rather, I was lost in thought that I had realized something.

“If you can’t verify it, it means you don’t have to verify it.”

“Exactly. The reason I joined the study group wasn't because you guys showed me something. If so, wouldn't it be the same for others?"

A small smile crept across Iruki's lips.

“Why didn't I think of that? That's right, verification didn't have to be done from the beginning. There was no need to show us what we didn't know. On the contrary... … .”

"You're making them believe in the invisible?"

Nade was convinced that this was the answer he was looking for. He left immediately and hugged Shirone and rolled over.

“Sirone! Come on! You saved our study group! You can take my first kiss!”

“Ginger! go away!"

While Sirone and Nade did a great distance on the sofa, Iruqi was lost in thought. It was from now on that it was really difficult.

“Then what should I do? Sirone's words are the solution, but it has to have the character of a presentation anyway. In the end, tangible results are necessary.”

Nade returned to his seat. Sirone also brushed her tousled hair. It wasn't the time for him to be fooling around.

“Think about it. what to show.”

The three of them put their heads together and discussed. Once the strands were caught, the ways to come to mind were endless. The gist was something that made you believe in the invisible.

“Wouldn’t it be better to be aural? It is easy to design.”

“It's not efficient. But it's not effective. We also have to think about whether the school will accept it.”

“Then let’s do something visual. Hearing if possible. You're giving everything you can.”

“Then what do you visualize? supernatural? psychic?”

“Supernatural is not popular. Do you think you're in good spirits?"

Nade raised his hand.

“I also vote for the psychic. There must be spirits, ghosts, psychic phenomena, etc. Which of these?”

Sirone said.

“Wouldn’t a ghost be better? Because it's intense."

“But don’t you want to be childish?”

Nade put on a skeptical look. However, Iruki saw that Sirone was right.

“In my opinion, ghosts are better. The key is to have a strong penetration into people’s thoughts.”

“Ugh. No matter how you think about it, it's childish.”

Sirone said.

“The first thing to think about is effectiveness. Anything else is a secondary issue. I don't think there is any need to give up."

---------------------------------------