[496] That afternoon (4)

“Ha ha ha ha ha!”

Laughter erupted from the mass of Satan, which was crushed into a collapsed form and whose eyes, nose, mouth, and limbs were tangled together.

A powerful shock wave rippled the air and spread, and in an instant, Satan's body returned to its original state.

"this… … !”

Satan's two mighty grips gripped the angels' necks.

The faces of the two similarly beautiful angels were contorted in the same way at the power that seemed to break their necks at any moment.

'Did he lean this far?'

The durability of an angel's body is not so weak that it can destroy any creature carelessly.

Also, the secondary application of the laws they used was obviously effective.

However, Satan's law, which destroyed countless ordinary angels and erased even the archangel Metatron, was much stronger than Methiel and Satiel expected.

If the Akashic Records are everything in the universe, Satan's law is another everything that is symmetrical to it.

In other words, if the seesaw of the law is in a state of balance to some extent, apart from the concept, even the physical shock cannot be fully transmitted.

“Two archangels.”

Satan looked alternately at the two tormented archangels and smiled wickedly.

“Is this enough?”

Just as the strangled Methiel and Satiel's planets shook as if they were going to explode, someone rushed from behind Satan and delivered a blow.

The strength was rapidly drained from Satan's flinching body, and Methiel and Satiel escaped.

However, the angels who had already been broken did not come into Satan's eyes.

"whoever… … ?”

The shock itself wasn't that big, but I felt something enough to neutralize Satan's law for a while.

Satan looked back and finally realized the reason.

Bishop Etella of the Order of Karsis, the bearer of the law of perfect goodness, was glaring at Satan with burning eyes.

* * *

'Just a little further... … .'

Flew's vision caught a glimpse of the walls of Arabot.

However, it quickly disappeared like a utopia, and giants filled the place.

“Black! Whoops!”

Sad tears poured down.

As a professional wizard, she came to heaven with pride, but it was too daunting and difficult for her to do anything.

Matei's giant guards were so huge that her magic couldn't even send a message to the liver.

What can I do in a place like this?

The reason I keep running is because if I stop here, I won't be able to do anything forever.

I felt that even the self-esteem of a wizard that I had protected all my life would collapse.

'I can still, still fight more!'

thud! thud! thud! thud!

The giants spotted the fleurs running beneath their feet and slammed them down.

Flew, who was rolling on the ground, bit her lips in misery, as if she had turned into an insect.

A mighty voice was heard from the sky.

“This is why humans are annoying. They are weak and even small.”

The giant, annoyed at the sight of Fleur stubbornly avoiding it, slammed the greatsword down with all his might.

Aaaaaaaang!

For Flew, it was a world-shattering shock.

Debris the size of a house scattered in all directions, and the shock wave pushed Flew's body dozens of meters away.

While Floo, whose back was stuck on the raised ground like a stalactite, lost concentration for a moment, a rock the size of a person's head flew in and hit his shoulder.

“Aaaaaagh!”

The sound of bones crunching through his body made Fleur sense that it was all over.

He fell to the floor screaming, but his right shoulder was completely shattered and he couldn't even roll over.

When Flew saw the giant's palm descend from the sky, he shuddered as if electrocuted.

Just as a child can think of hundreds of ways to annoy an ant, he had no idea how he would be killed by a giant.

“Flu!”

He didn't even have time to look back at the place where the voice came from, someone ran up to Flew and threw him into a hug.

“Aaaaaaagh!”

Clutching his aching shoulder and screaming, Flew's eyes widened when he saw the face of the man who had saved him.

“How are you here?”

Why is Crude, who should have been commanding the rebels in the middle of the battlefield, come here alone?

Besides, it's not a titan or a guroi, but only equipped with a piper, a mecha tier 1 weapon.

“Why are you here? What about the rebels?”

“The war is over. We lost.”

“What nonsense!”

Even if you lose, if you're a commander, shouldn't you fight to the end?

But Flew soon shut up.

She had no right to point out Crude to Arabot, who informed her that God's punishment had been placed on her.

'They must be resentful.'

I know that Crude couldn't tell the truth to the rebels until the very end.

He said he didn't care, but what he must have felt was not something Flew could have imagined.

That's why Crude came.

'It's better If my death makes you feel better... … .'

"but."

Crude, who measured the high walls of Arabot, continued.

"Now that this is the case, wouldn't it be better to see the kingdom of heaven perish?"

While Fleur was speechless at the words that were completely different from what he expected, Crude carried her and ran toward the castle wall.

Taking full advantage of Piper's ability to zigzag, the giants slammed the ground with their soles and began to hunt insects.

Every time the giant's foot fell, the ground shook like a rubber sheet, and the roar alone made the eardrums numb.

'I can do it.'

Even in the distant fear that seemed to be out of this world, Crude desperately held on to reason.

He was the one who boarded the Kuroi while equipped with the Piper, and then precisely manipulated the titan, a gigantic equipment, to a millimeter error.

Even if he couldn't be compared to the power of a giant, his understanding of the equipment that he was called a genius pilot was comparable to that of an eternal person.

“People who are not even worms!”

However, as the tempo of the giants' foot painting increased, there was a limit to the scale that could not be overcome with skill alone.

Even if you run a hundred steps, you are within one step of a giant.

Even coming here with a flue in such a situation was a miracle.

"excuse me! Arabot!”

Crude was also watching where Fleur was shouting.

However, if you climb the wall with the straight-up method, you will only be caught and crushed by the giant's hand.

“Do you know why I came to you?”

It was an out of the blue question in a desperate situation, but strangely, Flew felt convinced.

It didn't make sense to her that she had come to save herself, whom she thought was the most resentful person in the world.

“To kill me… … .”

At Fleur's candid answer, Crude pondered and smiled as if he had made up his mind.

“Be sure to return alive.”

“What are you saying now… … .”

Haven't heard an answer yet.

But before Flew could ask again, Crude pulled out Piper's voice recognition device and spat out a command.

“Release the limit.”

Chunk! Chunk!

Piper reads the user's movement fast enough to match the nerve speed and increases muscle strength.

However, no matter how much the function is improved, the limit that the human body can endure is clear.

That's why Piper, who lifted the limit, could no longer be called a strength-assisting device.

some kind of trap.

It was a killing machine that restrained and destroyed the human body.

'It should be done with the maximum output.'

Crud knew better than anyone else that this was his last chance.

As he twisted his waist while pulling the flue out between his sides, Piper, sensing the user's motion, spun at full power.

Deed Dede Deuk!

As the waist rotated half a turn, the sound of Crud's vertebrae being crushed was heard.

“Great!”

Crude didn't care.

He only struggled to get the strength to swing his twisted back once more and send Flew over the wall.

“Aaaaaaa!”

The small engine roared, and Crude's waist returned to its original position at great speed.

The moment the discs were crushed, a stunner sent to his brain, and Flew's body cut through the air like a cannon.

“Catch it!”

The giants held out their hands towards Fleur as they flew past Crude.

It was flying at a tremendous speed, but its huge hand reached out toward the flue, overwhelming the scale of space.

As the palms blocking the view were pressed into Flew's pupils, five of his fingers curled up.

Dawkins Algorithm.

Flew slipped through the fingers and hurriedly cast a fly magic and landed on the walls of Arabot.

Flew looked at Crud, who had been left far away, in a feeling of fear, with no time to feel the relief of having lived.

"Oh, no… … .”

When he thought that he was probably smiling , the giant who belatedly followed grabbed Crude.

The giant bent at the waist as if about to collapse sped up, straightened his upper body, and expressed his anger at missing the flue with a scream.

“Gaaaaaaagh!”

If she jumps into Arabot, the sacred ground of Ankera, the giant will no longer be able to catch her.

So, the last remaining possibility was a human slinging at Flew, who was still on the wall.

As the giant swung his arm at Fleur, Crude's body flew straight ahead.

bang!

Crude's body, which was barely able to hit the flue, spun and bounced at the same time as it crashed into the corner of the castle wall.

"no… … .”

Flew stared at Crude, stunned.

The first thing I thought of when I saw the bizarrely twisted limbs that I could never think of as human beings was a selfish question.

'I mean I haven't heard of it yet.'

Crude's body, which was spinning around in the air, went over the wall following the inertia of the throw and fell to the ground in Arabot.

“No eh eh eh!”

Unable to hold back the heat, Fleur jumped down the wall following Crude.

* * *

Kang! Kang!

The iron, which boasts the highest rigidity, began to crack.

The sword of the giant corps commander Girshin, who had reached the 7th level of Anecdotal Art, finally began to destroy Babel's body.

Kanya trembled as she held the stunned Lena in her arms.

The battle between Girshin and Babel was so fast that her eyes, an ordinary Mecha member, could not follow it, but it was so fast that she could accurately imagine it just by looking at the roaring fireworks.

The other giants had already annihilated all the rebels and left to push the rearguard forward, and only Kanya and Lena were the only survivors left on the desolate battlefield.

"no. this is not... … .”

The reason why everyone died and only them survived.

It's a fact she never wants to think about, but Kanya had a duty to know it.

Babel, who calculated the odds of war as 0%, moved only to protect Kanya and Lena.

And now... … Even the probability of the third item of Sirone's algorithm was converging to 0%.

“Hehe, that’s pretty good for a tin can. But that's the limit of the machine. No one can overcome the might of a giant.”

To Girshin, Babel was a match he hadn't met in a long time, but the inspiration was just there.

He has always won, so no one is worth more than a match.

There is only one being who can rule him.

Not even Anker, but the strongest of all creatures in this world, the giant Ymir.

“Tahaaaaa!”

Girshin's spirit was completely buried by the ensuing roar, and Babel's right arm was cut off with a flash of light.

Losing part of a body organ in Babel's program, which specializes in bactu, is a fatal blow.

That's why the Gaians also considered durability as the most important thing when designing a barbell.

However, Girshin's physical strength surpassed its durability, and finally Babel's arithmetic device yielded a win rate of less than 0.1%.

Avoiding Girshin's sword, Babel threw herself and blocked Kanya and Lena's path.

thud! thump thump!

As her shoulders opened, the protruding ironclad slammed into the ground, protecting Kanya and Lena.

Almost at the same time, Girshin ran and struck Babel with his sword.

Aaaaaaaaaagh!

As a tremendous shock exploded on Babel's back, Kanya's shoulders, who had been listening closely, shook.

But Babel's expression didn't change at all.

He was still enduring Girshin's attack while looking indifferently at Kanya and Lena with a cold face like a machine.

---------------------------------------