[7] Opportunities worth more than life (3)

Since that day, the back of Sirone's head has been itching. Because you never know when Lian will come to retaliate. 

But he didn't show up. He heard rumors that he was captured by a swordsman and taken to the mountains.

It was only after a month had passed that I was able to let go. Emotions are volatile, so after a while, even big things feel like they're not a big deal. Even if he returned, he wouldn't be as angry as before.

With a relieved heart, Sirone read the history of the founding of her homeland, the kingdom of Tormia.

The number of books read in four months was 82. It's not a huge number, but considering it took 20 days to release the first volume, it was a remarkable growth.

In recent years, Sirone's reading volume has increased exponentially, taking an average of only 20 seconds to read a page.

Even if it took 1 minute for the unknown part, it took less than 10 seconds for the known part.

It was a natural phenomenon that occurred when studying one field intensively. The writer who wrote the book is also knowledge gained through other books, so there is no completely new content in any book.

It seemed that if the 200th volume, which is the turning point to realize the overall content, was passed, the remaining 650 volumes would be able to be read at an incomparable speed.

Sirone's favorite part of the history book was the magician's performance. If scholars were the ones who studied theories, sorcerers were the ones who made those theories a reality.

So the wizard's job is as diverse as the type of study. On the other hand, scholars who could not enter the Spirit Zone could not become wizards, so wizards were a very high-class manpower.

Vast knowledge and keen senses.

These two things were essential conditions for a wizard to have. Having already mastered the Spirit Zone, Shirone was more and more immersed in filling up his knowledge.

I suppressed the curiosity of trivial studies and only studied history. It was for the infinite efficiency that could be obtained later when the backbone of knowledge was completed.

What kind of wizard will he be when his efficiency finally shines?

It was a waste of time to even sleep if I imagined that.

After reading the last page of the history of the country, Sirone was about to close the book with a satisfied face when she heard the door open violently.

“You son of a bitch! I endured in hell waiting for today to come!”

According to the person concerned, it was the Ogentrian who had returned from Hell. His miasma rose, and his face looked like the devil incarnate.

Sirone stuck out his tongue at his persistence. Although he didn't know it, the same anger as when he was taken away by the swordsmanship instructor was being conveyed.

What has changed is that the area under the eyes is puffy and the body is skinny.

"you! How dare you tell me where I'm hiding?”

“Are you really here for that?”

"of course. Do you know how much trouble I've been through? Climbed up and down the cliff countless times. Every time I thought I was going to die because my hands were weak, I held on with the thought of revenge!”

Sirone started to get anxious. If he grew hatred day by day, his own reflection in his eyes would be more hateful than his enemies.

“Are you not answering? You ask me why I told you, you coward!”

“I wasn’t telling the truth, I was just telling the truth.”

"haha! did you tell the truth? Then, should I tell the butler the truth about what you did? Then your life is over! know?"

Sirone gave up on persuasion. He had keenly felt how different the ways of thinking of nobles and commoners were. It was best not to make things bigger.

“If there is a sin, I will accept it sweetly. What should I do?”

Ryan was a little taken aback. At first glance, he seemed like a regular butler who had just joined the family, but his actions were so nonchalant.

“Now even the butler is ignoring me, right? good. I'll make you feel the same pain I've been through. Follow me."

Sirone followed Lian as if he were being dragged away. It seemed that he was going to take him to a dark place and beat him to death. His heart skipped a beat as he recalled what he had suffered by bullies four years ago.

'Still, it's better than dying. If you hit, do as you hit, if you roll, do as you roll.'

I couldn't blow away the opportunity my parents risked their lives to create. Every time the fear came over me, I thought of home. I imagined the sight of my father and mother enjoying a meal.

The place Lian took was a small gymnasium. As a family that revere martial arts, there were several large and small gymnasiums in the mansion. The place they arrived at now was Lian's private gymnasium, a place where no one would come running even if they shouted.

Sirone swallowed and waited while Lian lit the torch. I wish I had started sooner, but my stomach went up and down as I took the time. Maybe it's on purpose. Anyone who practiced swords would know the tension of the confrontation.

“Now, take this.”

As the gymnasium lit up, Lian threw a wooden sword. The wooden sword stuck to Sirone's palm with a crackling sound. The handle of the wooden sword I tried to hold for the first time was thicker than the handle of the axe. 

“Why do you do this to me?”

“Then did you think I would beat you unilaterally? I'm not cowardly like you. Because he will become the best swordsman in the world in the future. I became stronger because of you, so all I can do is give it back to you. Isn't that fair?”

Sirone was not amused. He said that fighting someone who had trained in radish since birth was no different from saying that he would just be beaten.

“What was I so cowardly about?”

“I hate guys like you the most. People like you, who don't even worry about it when they're in trouble and tell the truth. A wooden sword bath is perfect for such a guy. Come on. Considering the difference in skill, I’ll accept it three times and start.”

As she aimed her sword at Sirone, Lian's eyes changed. Her personality was strange, but her eyes were clearly from the Ogent family.

Perhaps reacting to her fighting spirit, Shirone was holding the wooden sword with both hands before she knew it. The wooden sword, which felt hard to the touch, seemed to be able to lightly sever human bones.

In other words, it meant that his bones would be broken after the three chances offered by Lian were over. All kinds of thoughts ran through his head. He becomes unable to work. He becomes unable to read books. His parents are looking at their son who has returned from being an asshole.

'What do we do? What can I do?'

Sirone made up her mind. He has no choice but to wield it. Giving up just because the odds are low was as foolish as throwing your future into the trash.

“Yaaaaap!”

Sirone raised her sword above her head and charged. His spirit was extraordinary, but Lian snorted at him. His posture and his center of gravity were out of whack. It was clear that he had never even held a sword.

Lian shouted while blocking Sirone's sword.

"one!"

right! A cheerful sound spread through the gymnasium. But to Sirone, it sounded like the footsteps of a lion choking her. She let out the fear in her stomach and tried to cut it horizontally.

"two!"

Hearing Lian's boisterous voice, Sirone's stomach churned. Would it be that much fun to play with far-flung sewage? She bit her lip and poured everything at the last chance. & nbsp;

As the wooden sword fell through the wind, the corner of Lian's mouth went up. Vertical cut, horizontal cut, vertical cut. It was a simple pattern to the point of being ignorant even though it was a beginner.

Lian stood by with a wooden sword in a blocking position. And he took a step and shouted.

“Okay, this is the last one! Now it's my turn... … !”

Kwaji Jijik!

At that moment, the center of the wooden sword Rian was holding exploded. It was broken rather than broken. At the same time, Sirone's wooden sword was also smashed in the middle.

Small fragments grazed Lian's face, stained with astonishment. Hurrying to his senses, he took a step back. Examining his wooden sword, the grain of the cross section stood up roughly. His shock had not escaped and he had turned inside out.

'This… … Aren't you a swordsman?'

Weapon-destroying swordsmanship.

Just as there is no swordsmanship without cutting, every school had at least one weapon destruction ceremony. The Ogent family calls this swordsmanship and only transmits the skill right before.

The reason why the grandiose label is attached is because it is not just a skill that can be said to be strong. 

In the confrontation between humans, as much as the weighting of power, the absorption of power is also diverse. Therefore, in order to successfully kill the sword, the concentration of the momentary impact, that is, a special movement and mental state that aimed only at the sword, not a person, was required.

It was a shock to Ryan. Even he, who had been holding a sword since birth, had never successfully struck a sword against a person.

But what made her feel worse than that was that she was the only person in her family who hadn't mastered swordsmanship yet.

“What are you? Where did you learn swordsmanship?”

Sirone dropped the wooden sword with only the handle remaining. To be honest, it was like a gamble. 

I felt the sensation with the first blow, and calculated the timing with the second. And I tried the third time. 

The thunderstorm that I practiced countless times for four years.

“I never learned swordsmanship.”

"shut up! A child who is mean to the bone! Then how did you succeed in swordsmanship? If you are mocking me, I will kill you right now!”

“This is called thunderclap.”

“Thunderclap?”

“My father is a hunter. Living in the mountains, I also went to the woods from a young age. I had to technically beat a tree because I was not big, so it was a skill that I learned naturally. Among the woodcutters, this is called thunderclap.”

Ryan's mind was in a jumbled mess. Mountaineer? He said he went for wood? What the hell are you talking about? I've held the sword for 16 years. It's not a skill that can be said to be firewood. Even among my peers, there is not a single person who has succeeded in swordsmanship. If there is, at least... … .

Lian remembered a person's face.

'Ogent rye.'

He was the second son of the Ogent family, two years older than Rian. He was also a genius of the sword, regarded as the greatest talent in the history of his family.

Ryan clenched his fists until they broke. A vision of his brother appeared and he seemed to be laughing at himself.

Rai made his first successful swordsmanship at the young age of 12. He was the family sergeant, and his father threw a big party for a week.

Ryan clearly remembered the emotions of that day. And today, in the end, even the son of a mountaineer caught up with him.

“I can’t admit it!”

Lian blew away Rai's illusion with a blow. she really tried He once swung his sword a thousand times.

But why does he work and not himself?

“Bocchan, the reason I committed disrespect… … .”

"shut up! Nothing is done yet! No one loses! I am Augustrian!”

Lian turned and walked to the outside of the gymnasium. From there, he drew a luxurious long sword used by nobles and returned with it.

Seeing the real sword, Sirone was frightened. When I pulled the long sword, it came out with the sound of water. 

The blade that absorbed the torch was blazing like lava. Rian, who checked the blade's condition, threw the blade back into the scabbard and threw it at Sirone.

Sirone took a step forward and took it with both hands. He looked at him as if he couldn't understand why he was giving him the sword, and Lian extended his finger and said,

"Both of them have no weapons, so it's impossible to decide the outcome. If you've mastered swordsmanship, you should be treated accordingly. A month from now, let's compete here with a real sword.”

Sirone collapsed. It was a plan to try to survive somehow, but the situation was getting worse. The feeling of accepting a wooden sword and a real sword is different. Besides, Lian wouldn't even give him three more chances.

You can die. Sirone felt the fear of death for the first time. The faces of the grieving parents came to mind. She regretted not being able to fulfill her dreams at such a young age.

“Brother, please change your mind! I never learned swordsmanship!”

“So I am giving it time. You learned how to use a sword while cutting wood? I don't even believe it, but even if he's that good, he'll be able to do something within a month.”

Ryan didn't think his words were far-fetched. If it's Rai, it's possible. He was seeing a vision of his older brother in Sirone. Yes, it was lack of determination. If it was a real sword, if it was a life-and-death situation, it might not make a big difference.

“Don’t even think about running away. Aside from my personal history, I can't forgive someone like you.”

Lian's last words hit Sirone's foot like a nail.

---------------------------------------