[301] Secrets of the Abyss (2)

“Anyway, this is really amazing.”

Sirone categorizes the unconscious perfectly. To be honest, beyond saying it was amazing, I didn't think it was human.

Armin and his party turned to the sound of footsteps coming from the entrance. Sirone, whose complexion was darker than before, walked away breathing heavily.

“I’m a little better. Let's go down quickly.”

Amy wiped away her tears and approached Sirone.

"are you okay? I will support you.”

"go away. I don't want to be helped by you.”

“You have to go anyway. Come on."

Amy supported Sirone regardless of the strong resistance.

Sirone couldn't stand it any longer, so he had no choice but to get help.

Reina watched it and smiled bitterly.

'It must have been something like that.'

At first, I couldn't understand how they could ignore each other's feelings and stay friends.

But now I seemed to know. The two were intertwined with a strong trust that transcended emotions.

'I am… … I will never be able to enter that place.'

“What a girl you are.”

Armin came to Rayna's side. In his opinion, Amy was holding up well.

Hwashin's hostility is 100% reliable in that it is a pure emotion. Even so, sacrificing for Sirone was not something an ordinary girl could do.

A light smile bloomed on Reina's lips.

“It’s enough to last for a year.”

* * *

Sirone's Spirit Level 3.

It was a cold world.

Amidst the blood-freezing cold, Sirone and the others shrugged their shoulders and crossed the frozen sea.

There was no sun, but the ground reflected the moonlight so I could see ahead.

But what unfolded in front of her was only darkness.

Amy imagined the arctic night to be like this.

A bed in the cold, so cold and lonely, and at the same time mysterious.

A crystal as tall as a person would occasionally pass by at an extremely short visual distance.

Each one was a different color and emitted a soft light like a silent creature.

"love. friendship. craving."

said Armin.

“Perhaps it is a gem containing such source emotions. It would be impossible to browse unless we directly access it. It treats the unconscious as if it were conscious. You don't need to worry.”

Amy let out a sigh of relief.

Since he hadn't come into contact with his inner feelings, he wouldn't be embarrassed if he met Sirone again.

Of course, I'm talking about when I was alive here.

Although he was going down to the depths, Armin felt like he didn't know Sirone even more.

Looking at the third stage alone, it was an impossible landscape without establishing and defining everything inside.

'How deep is this child's insight?'

While I was thinking about that, the lights in the crystal started to go out one by one. Sirone's appearance became haggard, as if he were about to die.

Amy didn't look back at Sirone.

Because you don't want to show it.

I couldn't even wipe the flowing tears and just moved forward.

The weight of the incarnation was so light that it could no longer be called a human being.

'Just a little longer, bear with me a little longer, Sirone... … .'

Even when it was difficult to move a single step, Sirone strained her eyes and glared into the darkness.

At last the curtain of darkness lifted to reveal a little shack with a light on.

“That’s it. Step 2 in depth.”

Now everyone knew.

Armin explained, moving his frozen legs quickly.

“We have penetrated the spiritual world by the shortest distance. You may have caught up with Arius by now. Be prepared for any contingency.”

It was about getting ready for battle.

From then on, Amy warmed up her mind with a sequence of numbers.

Reina also took out an arrow covered in frost from the cold and leaned against the door while holding it on the string.

Armin quickly opened the door and went inside to inspect the cabin. Although not a zoner, the light-eyed, which had no visual direction, was able to scan all directions much faster than ordinary people.

Next, Reina turned around and entered the cabin.

He followed Armin with his bow pointed at him and covered him in all directions, but the enemy was nowhere to be seen.

When Armin signaled that he was clean, Amy brought Sirone in.

Her skin, blushing from the cold wind, melted in the warmth of the cabin.

When the door was closed, the sound of the wind disappeared without a trace.

“I-over there… … .”

Sirone pointed to the sofa in the living room with a trembling hand.

When Amy picked him up, he collapsed on the sofa like a doll with a thread cut.

"a little bit… … I want to rest."

“That would be nice.”

Armin, who was looking at Sirone's condition, agreed.

Then Reina took on the role of the villain and said.

“There is no time to delay. The fact that Arius is not here means that we have already descended to the first level.”

“Even if you find ataraxia, it will take time to extract it. Even if you block Arius, if you can't imprint something here, Sirone will die.”

"ah… … .”

Reina recalled the situation in reality.

Xenoger's steel wire is cutting Sirone's throat.

Now that we have reached the end of the depth, it was time to find a solution.

“Stage 1 is the most distant memory of Sirone. It's called maternal consciousness. It's happening in the womb, so it's impossible to plant a clear concept.”

"After all, this is Sirone's treasure house."

Rayna looked around.

The precious place Sirone chose was her cozy home. I could guess how much he had lived feeling the warmth of his family.

Amy threw dry wood into the fireplace and cast Ignite.

Damn Ignite.

Thinking to herself, she put out both hands to feel the warmth of the fire, then turned to the group.

“The method is also a problem, but where should I record it?”

“Each person is different. But from what I've seen so far, I think it might be in the form of a book. Let’s go into the library first.”

The three of them moved to the library.

Sirone's thoughts throughout his life were classified in the form of a book.

There was even a book whose title was a person's name.

Vincent and Olina, as well as Raina and Armin, were all plugged in.

Amy, who was scanning the names of the magic school students, fixed her gaze on one book.

Karmis Amy.

It was a book with a red cover.

Everything is contained in this book.

What does Sirone think of herself? How was she looking at herself?

As if possessed by something, Amy took out the book and stroked the leather-textured hardcover.

Armin and Reina watched from behind.

“I won’t stop you, Amy. If you are satisfied with that.”

“Ms. Amy has led Sirone well to this point. You deserve it.”

Raina looked back at Armin as if he was surprised.

He allowed it even though he knew that it was a bad thing to understand a woman's heart, but he did not know that Armin would agree.

A thought popped into my mind.

'I see. Are you saying that the probability is much lower than we thought?'

Armin is assuming the worst.

If she can't find a way to save Sirone, Amy will have her last memories with Sirone. It was Armin's consideration to at least know his heart and say goodbye.

"no. I won't.”

Amy looked only at the cover of the book and then put it back on the bookshelf.

Nothing is over yet. Because Sirone will surely survive. He will continue to compete with himself and become a wizard.

“I don't think there's any way to imprint something on Sirone here. Let's go somewhere else.”

As Amy left the study without regret, Armin and Raina looked back at each other and smiled.

Amy met eyes with Sirone, who was staring at her. But now I didn't care because I was in the state of transcendence.

“Yes, hate it to your heart’s content. When you return to reality, I will beat you up with excitement.”

“I hate you. Really."

"joy! Either that or not. do i hate you too nyah!"

The moment Amy stuck out her tongue, Sirone coughed.

A sip of blood gushed out, and Amy, pale in face, ran.

“Sirone! are you okay?"

Even in the midst of the collapse of the mental world, only his eyes were clear, but now he was out of focus.

Hwashin was so light that he could no longer feel its weight.

Sirone tried to lift her trembling eyelids and said.

"why… … . you… … I hate it... … .”

"OK got it. Okay, so calm down."

“… … no."

Said Sirone in a dying voice.

“You dancing with someone else… … no."

Amy felt like she had been hit in the head with a hammer.

I thought it was the disappointment of not being able to save his life. He never imagined that it would be because he only danced with Ji-on.

"that… … You know that, Sirone... … .”

It was an event of force majeure.

No, is it really?

Am I completely proud of Sirone's displeasure?

"Idiot, it's not like that."

Amy said in a weeping voice.

In fact, he knew that Sirone would be hurt. Still, he had no choice but to look away.

Because I was too afraid.

"I mean, it's not really like that. I am… … I am… … .”

Sirone squeezed out a faint voice.

"escape… … hit it take all... … get out of here I no longer... … . Everyone will die.”

Amy shook her head and hugged Sirone.

No matter what happens, I will not give up. I will never let him go from my arms.

“No one dies. I'll save you! I will definitely save you!”

Sirone was losing consciousness.

No matter how loudly Amy shouted, it seemed as if she couldn't hear her.

“Run away… … Amy.”

Reina, who was looking at Sirone's room, jumped out into the living room and shouted.

“Amy! It's this way! I found it!"

Amy put Sirone on the sofa and ran to her room.

I couldn't even think to wipe away the tears. Since we came to the end of the last, it was a judge's battle from now on.

A notebook was spread out on the table in Sirone's room.

Armin was waiting, and Rayna stomped her feet, not knowing what to do.

Amy came over, pointing to the notebook.

“Is this it?”

"huh. It seems to be a notebook where the stream of consciousness is recorded. But no matter how much I think about it, I can't think of a way to save it. What should I do, Amy?”

Amy went over to the table and looked at her notes.

At the top of the last page was written 'Amy'.

With a sad expression on her face, she flipped through the pages to find out what Sirone was thinking.

It also had Amy's name written on it.

It's also full of notes.

I skipped another page. It was the same.

No matter how many pages I turned, I couldn't find where the name Amy began.

Amy burst into tears again. But she hurriedly shook her head to get her emotions under control.

Sirone must be saved. by any means.

But how?

No matter how hard I tried, I couldn't come up with a way to safely escape Sirone, who was strangled by the steel wire.

At that moment, the cabin shook like an earthquake.

Amy grabbed the table and regained her balance.

If the depth level 2 fluctuates, it means that the real Sirone's life is almost over. At least if they couldn't catch up with Arius, they would all die here.

“Amy! We have to go down now! I'll bring Sirone!"

Reina ran out of the room, but Amy couldn't move.

Even if he died here, he had to come up with a way for Sirone to live.

'no! I don't know! What should I do?'

But reality is different from the spiritual world.

What is not possible is not possible.

Neither Reina nor Armin are fools.

Knowing that it's physically impossible, isn't he first looking for a way for others to survive?

Amy's hand gripping the pen on the table trembled. Every second that flowed was cursed.

---------------------------------------