[615] The Hottest Place (4)

Ariane Sirone.

The names that were already imprinted in the minds of the students flashed.

A person who has been featured in Spirit magazine since he defeated Dante in the 2,000 matchup.

When such a prospect suddenly gave up on the senior class evaluation, it became a hot topic in schools across the country.

"what's the matter? what happened?”

Iruki and Nade approached Sirone's question.

“Where are you coming from now? You waited all day.”

"Sorry. The president of the association called and came to meet me. Because you came late... … .”

“The president of the association?”

The students started to mumble.

So, does that mean that you have been meeting with the president of the association alone?

It was hard to feel good that only one sirone was called at a gathering of 150 people.

However, as Elizabeth said, if meeting the president of the association was considered a privilege, she had no future as a magician.

“Why did the association president call you?”

Curtis came to represent the students.

His eyes were full of dissatisfaction, and he couldn't find the relaxed expression he had a moment ago.

“Why should I say that?”

It was a very personal matter, and since the proposal of the president of the association was rejected anyway, there was nothing to worry about on conscience.

“Hey, since when did Alpheas Magic School become so arrogant? Are you trusting the Vice Principal and installing it?”

After hearing Curtis' words, Sirone was finally able to grasp the atmosphere in the hall.

“No matter what, let’s not fight. There’s nothing good about losing energy before an important exam.”

It was the right thing to say, but it felt like a loss for the Royal Magic School, which was already offended.

- Inform students

Lufist's voice was heard from the ceiling.

'It's started.'

The broadcast continued while Fermiman smiled meaningfully.

-As the president of the association, I am proud to see you guys, who will be carrying the future of the kingdom, happily getting along.

Students checked the video recorders installed everywhere.

I knew it was installed for security, but I never dreamed that the president of the association would be watching.

'Even so, they say they're proud?'

It means that the students were already anticipating the conflict.

-In that sense, we prepared a special event.

The students waited for the words that would lead to them with nervous expressions.

-At the place where you are, there is a certified magician's license hidden.

Dozens of eyes scanned all directions.

- Of course, the name is not listed. So it means that the person who has it is the owner.

Sirone's eyes hardened.

It was a fact that only Sirone, who had interviewed him, knew that it was not an event prepared from the beginning.

'It's an event that snipers me.'

-Those who have obtained an official license should go to the registration office on the 7th floor of the association. From that moment on, the student is a certified wizard and an employee of the Magic Association.

“A staff member of the Magic Association?”

To call it an event had a sense of severity.

-Then let's have a good time. more.

Amidst the coexistence of the desire to crawl on the floor and find a license right away and the need to be so miserable, someone said.

“Well, let’s have a party first. You don’t have to turn on the lights to find it, right?”

"that's right. Whoever gets caught wandering around gets lucky. It's a simple event. It’s like a prize draw.”

When I thought about it like that, it didn't seem like a big deal again, but the only word left in my head was the official wizard license.

As expected, when the students scattered in all directions, Iruki slapped Shirone on the side and said.

“What happened? Can you talk to us?”

“It is as you think. The current event, in fact, was proposed to me. I declined.”

“Hmm. Love-hate or caring? It's pretty complicated.”

Nade asked.

"What do we do? Even if you pretend it's not the other kids, they're already searching everywhere. Shall we find them too?”

“You can do it according to your own judgment. But I won't.”

The wizard Sirone dreamed of was not like that.

“For now, watch. I'm sure they didn't make it easy to find."

The atmosphere of such a bizarre event was ripe.

Few students were openly looking for it, but it was not uncommon to see most of them pretending to enjoy communion while lifting a plate or rummaging under the table pretending to pick up something.

'does not exist. Where the hell are you?'

No matter how wide the annex was, there were a lot of people, so the place that could be seen with the naked eye was confirmed in an instant.

"I can't find it either."

said Iruki.

“If the current event is unplanned, it means that the students hid their licenses after they came in. If so, I can raise roughly two possibilities. First, it was hidden by magic. Second, it was hidden through outsourcing employees.”

The students around me were startled and hovered within a certain distance.

It wasn't Nade who wouldn't notice, but he didn't care.

“If you’re a Servant, you can remember all the movements of outsourcing employees.”

Currently, the number of staff helping the party was 23 people.

“As far as memory goes, none of the employees did anything to hide anything. Of course, I can't confirm that it moved from a blind spot.”

“Maybe the employees don’t have it?”

“I cannot deny the possibility.”

'It's an employee!'

The students scattered all over the place and talked to the outsourcing staff.

“Do you have any licenses? Or something was handed over. Be honest!”

The staff members shook their heads in bewilderment, but the students persisted in their questioning.

“Don’t do that, give me a hint! Is it like a password? Can I just say the keyword?”

Iruki, who was watching their commotion, said.

“This president of the association is not normal either.”

If there's one thing that can emotionally drive the best students in the country, it's probably the magician's license.

“I couldn’t have entrusted it to an outsourced employee. It was hidden by magic.”

From this point on, Sirone's voice became quieter and Iruki and Nade became conscious of their surroundings.

"that's right. The staff never left the annex and were never replaced with someone else.”

Nade asked.

“There was no blind spot?”

"of course. I was watching you from start to finish.”

If it was Iruki, he would still be there.

“But how did you hide it with magic? The magic control device is activated.”

Sirone said.

“That's the hint. Rufist is testing us.”

“This bastard! Don't go away! This seat is mine!”

“I said I came first!”

Voices began to rise from all sides.

“At first, you can take it indifferently.”

Iruki turned his head to them.

“But when I see other competitors moving, I get nervous. What if he finds the license? Even though it's actually a 1 in 150 chance, I feel like I'm being robbed."

said Nade.

“Because human pleasure centers take other people's failures more stimulatingly than their own successes.”

“It’s a crowd control method used by politicians. Once the numbers increase, you can't stop from then on. The will of the individual is swept away by the whole, and only the desire not to hand over success to others is at work.”

The value of the part is absorbed into the whole.

“I don’t like it.”

Sirone glared at the video recorder installed in the corner.

You seemed to be saying that you too are just slaves to the system.

“Annoyed by the topic from the province!”

Eventually, a fist fight ensued.

“You bastard! You hit first!”

The party quickly turned into mayhem as it led to clashes between schools.

"haha. Kuck.”

Fermi, who was leaning against the wall and watching, licked the corners of his mouth.

"It's such a beautiful night."

Those who understand and use the system.

“The license is mine!”

"shut up! Anyway, I'm supposed to join the association!”

The one who got eaten by the system.

"stop."

Sirone clenched her fists.

“I mean stop!”

Who opposes the system.

-You don't even know who came up with the red and blue colors.

And the meta system reigning over that system.

'I have to stop somehow.'

Rufist's intentions no longer remained in the minds of those who fought.

Sirone shook her head, concentrating on entering the Spirit Zone.

'As expected.'

The magic control device distracts concentration by diverting some of the specific brain waves when a human is concentrating.

Therefore, it was a bizarre situation where only the spirit zone could not be entered even in situations where one could think.

In front of technology that could make magicians look like ordinary people, Sirone opened her eyes and contemplated the world as a whole.

'Jikji!'

When the Ultima System was activated, the information from the Magic Control Device was disassembled and permeated into the smallest units.

'wow… … .'

I felt like I was standing in the middle of a world where the endless melody of information was vibrating like a skipping rope.

After channeling her consciousness through the gaps that change in real time, Sirone finally reached the point of focus.

“Everybody close your eyes!”

Above Sirone's head, the sphere of light was compressed at a terrifying speed, and the friends who had already experienced it closed their eyes tightly.

'Shining Impact!'

When the flashing, huge white light exploded, the landscape of the annex was erased as if it had returned to nothing.

“Hoo?”

As light emanated from all the monitors illuminating the annex, Lufist, who had been resting his chin on it, raised the corner of his mouth.

“Because I am Gaian… … .”

At the same time, the lights on the monitors were turned off and the surprised expressions of the students were captured.

“What, what?”

The students who had stopped fighting looked back at Sirone one by one.

"stop. What are you going to do with us fighting each other? We can get things like licenses on our own.”

Reasonable words shamed the emotional ones, and soon turned into anger through rationalization.

“Who are you to tell us this and that? Do you think you're going to be a lofty guy?”

"okay! Do you think we fight only for licenses? This is your chance to join the association!”

Sirone spread her palms.

'Photon Cannon!'

As photons containing mass were born and vibrated terribly, the faces of the students turned pale.

“Uh, how do you do magic?”

Those who confirmed that the magic control device was still working could not help but be astonished.

"no way… … Did you take a detour?”

Curtis, the first in the ranks of the Royal Academy of Magic, muttered with a bewildered face.

It's not that a fight broke out and they didn't try, but it didn't make sense for a single student to break through the association's security.

'Nonsense! You cheated. Otherwise... … .'

There cannot be such a difference.

Sirone approached Curtis with a photon cannon in the air.

"Move."

“Ugh!”

He was stunned for a moment, but he, now no different from a normal person, had no choice.

As Curtis slowly backed away, Sirone's gaze descended and pierced the floor below.

'Here.'

Through Jikji, a box that someone magically moved came through as a feeling.

'Break through the security device suggested by the association.'

That is the minimum condition to obtain a certified wizard license.

'That's what annoys me!'

As Sirone gnashed his teeth and threw the photon cannon, the floor shattered with a roar.

“I really destroyed it with light.”

It was the moment when I saw with my own eyes the reality of God's particles, which I had only encountered in magazines.

The space under the floor was empty, and Sirone reached in and opened the box to take out her license.

"ah… … .”

The students looked at it with envy and earnest longing.

'I want to have it, certified wizard license.'

It was also a qualification that guaranteed to be assigned to the Magic Association.

'Lupist, this is my answer.'

Sirone, who presented her license to the video recording device, cast multiple beams using Elysion.

Puff puff puff puff!

The license was twisted and eventually shattered as the three small bezels struck the object in the middle.

"what… … !”

While the students were fascinated by the absurd situation, Sirone glared at Lufist and scattered the fragmented certificates in the air.

The video recording device was staring at it expressionlessly.

---------------------------------------