[110] Report card at the end of the semester (2)

"okay. How are you? Doesn’t it taste like you’re going to die after the school closure is over?”

Nade's face quickly turned into a tear-stain.

“I think I am going crazy. I have to get 80 points or more in all subjects for the rest of the period, but it’s to die for.”

“Chuck! Would you like to take this opportunity to get a promotion?”

The only way to get from Class Five to Class Four was to score 80 or better in all subjects. The difficulty level was the highest in that the average score was not 80 points.

"of course. If you're a student, don't you think of it?"

“Indeed, it is. Well, do you want to try hard?”

Nade, who was expecting words of encouragement, made a puzzled expression. However, Alfeas' education policy was firm. Students are not racehorses. If you let it loose on her meadow, it will learn its worth.

“Can we help you?”

Sirone rolled up her sleeves and came over to help pull the weeds.

“Heh heh, I can’t take away the old man’s only pleasure. I will pull the weeds, so you guys do what you want.”

Nade's eyes showed a hint of disappointment. The thought of trying to escape from reality for a little while as an excuse to pull weeds was in vain.

"yes. Then, have a good time at work."

The faces of Sirone and the others returned to their lodgings with worry. It was the same with other students. The school was still cluttered after the Arcane attack, and it was not easy to concentrate on studying like before.

Frustrated, Nade burst into a tantrum.

"ah. Going crazy. I have to study. study! study! I can't concentrate.”

“Originally, if you explode once, other things are out of your hands. It was like that even after the presentation was over.”

Shirone let out a deep sigh at Iruki's words.

“You are better than me though. I have twice as many subjects as you guys that I need to raise above 80 points. I don't know if that's possible.”

“The only advantage I have is math. The humanities department is called a bakery. In that sense, Nade is the most advantageous.”

"What are you talking about? I don't have a particularly strong subject. Sirone and you will definitely aim for the top in practical skills, but I can't even do that, so I'm at the worst.”

In the practical test of Class Five, the main evaluation item was the operation of the spirit zone rather than magic. If it's Immortal Function's Sirone and Servant Syndrome's Iruki, it's possible to rank higher in any practical skill. On the other hand, Nade was in a position to compete in the same spirit zone as other students.

“The more I think about it, the more my head hurts. Shall we just rest until today and start tomorrow?”

Nade's suggestion was neither affirmed nor denied. Seeing that even the exemplary Sirone kept her mouth shut, it seemed that her morale had waned.

"what? Guys, over there... … .”

When Sirone pointed towards Central Park, Nade and Iruki turned their heads and their eyes widened.

"what? How are they here?”

Kanis and Arin were walking around the campus. Then, when I met eyes with Sirone and the others, I started walking in this direction. Kanis raised his hand and pretended to know.

"Howdy. Is class over already? The facilities and environment are fine, but they seem to treat the kids too gently.”

"you! What the hell are you up to?”

Nade blocked the way. Of course, I heard from Sade that the two were released without guilt, but I thought the relationship ended there. No, it had to be over. But why are you walking around school?

Sirone asked.

"What happened? Any business at school?”

Canis looked back at Sirone without answering. The person he cared about the most at school was Sirone, not Alpheas or the teachers. He was the first person to defeat him. If he couldn't overcome him, no matter how strong he became, he would just walk in place.

“Listen carefully. If we face you again, the result will be the exact opposite of the last time.” 

Nade responded before Sirone could answer.

“This kid is still out of his mind. You are 10 years away from defeating Sirone.”

“Do you really think 10 years are not enough to deal with me?”

Nade's expression crumpled. Murderous intentions crossed her mind as Shirone's emotions from the time she was wandering between life and death were revived. Then, Iruki, who didn't want to cause a fuss unnecessarily, sorted things out.

"stop. Anything else is fine, why are you here?”

“Why are you coming? I’m visiting because it’s where I’m going to be staying.”

“What?”

Sirone's eyes widened at the unexpected words.

“It is literally. I thought it would be nice to experience something like a magic school.”

Nade crossed his arms and fired.

“Even if you look down on the magic school, you will still be able to do it! Who said they would accept a kid like you?”

Kanis raised a finger and pointed.

"Seniors."

"what?"

“Call me senior. I found out that your class 5. Because I am Class Four.”

Sirone and the others were dumbfounded. Perhaps it was Alpheas who accepted the two of them. However, as soon as I entered the class, I became a class porani. I wouldn't say it's non-existent, but it's true that it's rare.

“What are you so surprised about? We are the disciples of the Archmage. I learned all the basics of magic. It's funny how you treat them the same as idle guys like you.”

Shirone and the others kept their mouths shut while crying. If it was magic that he had mastered over 10 years of living with Arcane, there was a feeling that even if it was class 4, it would not be enough.

“So, I hope you will call me senior from now on.”

“Funny! Aren't you going to attend next semester anyway? By then, we'll be promoted to Class Four!”

"okay? Were your grades surprisingly poor? I was honestly disappointed. I mean, you had a hard time with these lesser bastards.”

The first thing Canis investigated at school was Sirone's grades and friendship. Contrary to what he expected to contend for the lead, it was a shock to learn that he was in the middle of the class five.

But no one in the advanced class ignored them. It was a car that had been told that if you set your mind to it, you could hit it and come up at any time.

When Sirone and the others didn't respond and bit their molars, Canis turned around with a satisfied face.

“Anyway, try your best. If you come in as a junior, you'll be cute. ha ha ha!"

The shadow of Canis, who was moving away, stretched towards Sirone, and then Harvest raised both arms and raised the middle fingers of both hands. The three people's shoulders trembled.

Sirone broke the heavy silence and spoke.

“Today’s play is cancelled.”

"okay. Canis is a senior. I wish I had quit school, but I can't see that even if I die.”

“Hey, why stop quitting? I have to show off and press her nose.”

The three of them had only the thought of promotion. But how? The end-of-semester evaluation was on a different level from overcoming obstacles. Half a year was the total settlement of a long time, so even starting something right away could not guarantee success.

“I’ve been thinking about it before… … .”

Sirone floated with a serious expression.

“The odds of being promoted at my level were about 30 percent. When I did my best in studying.”

Although it is not a mathematical analysis like Iruki's, Sirone's insight is also highly reliable, so his friends thought that what he said was true. Then Nade's expression darkened again.

“To be honest, even if I shouted out loud, it wasn’t easy when I thought about it. If Sirone is 30%, will I be 50%? Iruki is about 60 percent.”

"no. I'm around 58.7 percent. Of course, promotion is evaluated based on grades at the end of the semester, but to be honest, I didn’t take any classes.”

Each of the three sighed. If he continued like this, he would have to bow his head to Canis and Arin from the next semester.

"So that's what I mean... … How about something like this?”

At Sirone's suggestion, Ned turned around with his eyes shining.

"What? Do you have any good ideas?”

“Honestly, if you study in the way you have been doing until now, your chances of success are too low. So I need to change my strategy.”

Iruki said.

“You want to change your ways? But how?”

“The 30 percent I mentioned assumes that you study hard. But if I only aim for the test, not study, I think I can get more than 50%. That means it could be 70% or 80% for you guys.”

“Hmm. Are you aiming for a test? i know what You mean to choose and focus?”

"That's right. I just need to get over 80 points anyway. You don't have to invest time in subjects you're good at. There is no need to study the areas that are not on the exam. The sixteen subjects can be broadly divided into four categories. Humanities, mathematics, science, practical skills.”

Sirone continued to explain, pointing her fingers one by one.

“Fortunately, you can easily pass at least one class. And above all, the series do not overlap with each other. I am humanities, Iruki is mathematics, and Nade is science. Practical skills are the part that can’t help you anyway.”

Iruki nodded as if he understood.

“In short, you want to form a study group. Since there is no need to study the fields that are each of your strengths, you mean to supplement each other's weaknesses at that time, right?"

"that's right. If you teach the core tips to get over 80 points in the exam, your chances are much higher. With this, I think we can raise it by 50 percent.”

The corners of Iruki's mouth went up. Seeing that Sirone was so desperate, it seemed that having Canis and Arin as seniors bothered him.

Anyway, it was a good idea. Also, if three people could be promoted at the same time, there was no better result than this.

“I agree. If so, let's go to the research meeting right now and make a plan. how is it?"

“Good!”

Three boys, burning with fighting spirit, rushed to Estas.

* * *

Sirone devoted himself to studying day and night.

You need to know how to manage your time. An hour passes in an instant to someone who is not conscious of it, but to someone who counts an hour by dividing it into 10 minutes, it is quite a long time.

Sirone divided the remaining time until the end of the semester exam into one-hour increments. It was a strategy to prevent time leaks by always holding time in your head.

Snipe the test with the powerful efficiency obtained there.

Rather than understanding the process, I conquered the problem type and analyzed the intention of the question and the solution process. In that respect, the study group was effective. Thanks to complementing each other's shortcomings, Sirone was also able to raise the average score of the mock test to over 70 points.

Of course, it wasn't all smooth sailing. After studying, I realized that the reason why I am weak in certain subjects is not because I am lazy, but because I am really not good at it. 

In particular, the gap between humanities and mathematics was too great for Iruki. As he frantically worked out the question paper that Sirone himself had created, he put down his pen and stretched himself in just 30 minutes.

“All solved.”

“Look where you are.”

Sirone pointed out each of the problems Iruki solved. His hand trembled the more he checked the correct answer. I could understand why the humanities teachers hated him just by looking at his face.

Sirone pointed at the test paper with an absurd expression and said.

“Hey, how does 'You eat pasta, I'll eat pasta' make sense? I explained the usage of auxiliary.”

“Why don’t you make sense? you eat pasta I'll eat pasta! does it just fall off? It is a sentence that emphasizes that each person is an independent subject.”

"uh? Oh that… … .”

Feeling that it was so, Sirone was taken aback for a moment. But soon she came to her senses and cried out.

“That's not it. Language is not math. It is not a tool of proof, but a tool of expression! So, read the meaning between the lines, not separate the sentences!”

“Damn, what is that? Math is the best!”

"shut up! I know you're stubborn! Honestly, don't you feel weird too?"

---------------------------------------