[196] 1. Divine Mercy (1)

anecdotal drink.

A technique to melt humans into giants. 

The idea of ​​merging multiple entities into one had no room for the dignity of living things. 

Creatures spread offspring. But Heaven's witchcraft was reversing the structure of such creatures.

It controls the lifespan of the subjects with the lifespan, and when the number of objects increases, it integrates them into giants to maintain the population.

If that is Ra's will, Ilhwa's sake could be said to be the core system that maintains Heaven.

Sirone and the others gathered at the table and started a meeting. The tension was heightened by the encounter with the cruel thoughts of Heaven.

First of all, it was Peope's treatment.

Kanya's house would not be safe if she left during the memory transfer and reported to the superiors.

“You have to leave right now. Peope will bring more troops.”

Kanis was on the side of having to move.

Peope's skills weren't great, but it was also true that she was only one year old.

It was better to avoid combat unless you knew what abilities the other fairies might have.

“You don't have to worry too much. Sirone is a Nephilim. According to the law, the Nephilim are not affected by the law. The fairy will not harm Sirone.”

Kanya, a subject, believed in the law like stone. But she had no one to answer her words. & nbsp;

What I learned after coming here is that the Nephilim are not omnipotent. It is obviously free from the laws of heaven, but because of that, the opposition when involved in the laws was severe.

“Sirone, you decide. We will do as you please.”

Amy gave the choice to Sirone. From Heaven's point of view, heresy was like a foreign substance. At least, if he wanted to do something with her, he had no choice but to put Sirone as her face madam.

“I'd rather stay here tonight. I don't think Peope will snitch on us. There's no reason for that. Besides, there is a metagate, so you can run away in the worst case scenario.”

Sirone trusted Feope. Although his personality was eccentric, he reduced the lifespan of Kanya and Lena to one year.

It was unlikely that she, who had a high level of intellect capable of self-criticism, would develop her work out of emotions.

More than that, Kanya was worried. Now, tomorrow, Kanya's mother will receive the anecdote. 

For a human being who indulges in the existence of a country for the rest of his life, it was fear to become one with other human beings.

“I can see why you were reluctant to tell the anecdote. But Kanya, do you really think so? The alcohol of the anecdote I confirmed was… … .”

“I know, that is absurd. I know.”

Kanya accepted it meekly. 

It was a radical statement for her, who had described Ilhwa's alcohol as a sacred technique just a moment ago.

But Sirone didn't think it was strange. This is because beliefs and emotions are separate realms.

“I am not stupid. I'd be lying if I said I never doubted it. But what difference would that make? If you don't believe in God you die. If you believe in God, you will get eternal life. I don't have a choice.”

Kanya spoke the word death for the first time. He knew that death existed in Heaven.

“If you are going to stay here, I will arrange a place for you to rest. come here."

When the button on the distribution board was pressed, the side of the building opened and a new structure flew in and connected to Kanya's house.

When Sirone and the others looked at each other in surprise, they said that most families had several khans.

“Whoops, Meccans love to invite guests.”

Kanya's smile broke Sirone's heart.

@

That night. Kanya and Lena lay in the same bed.

My heart beat so fast, as if I was running, that I couldn't sleep.

The sisters did not cry. It was like waiting for someone to cry first.

At that moment when he was tossing and turning, Lena turned to lie down.

“Sister, will your mother not be there by tomorrow?”

Kanya looked at her sister who lost her mother at a young age.

As I was gently stroking her hair, Lena said something unexpected.

"If it's Sirone's older brother... … You can give it to your sister.”

Kanya's eyebrows narrowed slightly. In the absurd expression, the heart that had been stabbed was also hidden a little.

"What are you talking about? Sirone is a Nephilim. How could I share my life with someone like that?”

“But my sister will never go out with a heretic. And I'll never be able to meet someone like Shirone oppa again. So now is your chance Be sure to catch it.”

Kanya struggled to hold back the tears. Her sister's feelings were conveyed in detail.

Tomorrow mom is not at home. Lena was eager to fill her void with her new family.

“Huh, but you like Sirone too. If Sirone becomes your brother-in-law, he won't be able to stand your personality. You will be jealous of me every day.”

"no! I'm serious! If you are a sister, you can yield!”

Kanya laughed. Kanya knew and Lena knew that it wouldn't work out with Sirone anyway.

It was just a story of girls coming and going late at night.

As Lena burrowed like a cat in the rain, Kanya hugged her sister and kissed her on the forehead.

“Don't worry, Lena. I only have you.”

Lena's eyes narrowed.

The last night was passing like that.

@

Sirone and the others rested in the room Kanya provided.

A lot happened during the day. 

Sirone and his friends were lost in their own thoughts, and there was no conversation for a while.

said Tess, pretending to cry.

“Should I go back now? So many things happened in one day. Honestly, it's so hard here, really.”

Other people felt the same way. How many battles were fought in 12 hours?

In addition, each of the opponents had a strength that could not be seen in the original world.

Fatigue, but also the endless secrets of heaven no matter how much you dig into them, were also a problem. His head was dizzy from the amount of information he was exposed to at once.

said Canis.

“I can’t. how did you get here Arin and I must go to the 7th Heaven Arabot.”

If it was just Shamine or sightseeing, I wouldn't have even tried it from the beginning. 

There is no way to retrieve the metagate once you have arrived in heaven. Therefore, what they paid for the ticket was an ancient weapon. 

Amy hugged the pillow and lay down.

“But isn’t Arabot the place where the gods live? It's probably the hardest place to get into even in heaven. How the hell are you going there?”

“I’ll take care of it, so you don’t have to worry about it. If you're afraid to go, you'd rather wait here.”

“What? Are you blatantly ignoring it? Can we just go back first?”

“That’s even worse. If you activate the metagate here, the memories will be reset. Memories are disposable. Even if we stay, there will be no way to go back.”

Amy sat up, hitting the floor with her pillow.

"what? Was it really like that? After all, if we want to go back, aren’t we supposed to take you with us?”

"okay. Didn't you know that until now, pumpkin?"

“What, pumpkin? Have you ever seen such a pretty pumpkin?”

“I saw it. I think that's what's stuck on your neck right now."

Amy grinded her teeth. She couldn't tell if it was a compliment or an insult, but she knew it was Kanis who had her mouth shut.

Sirone hugged the pillow and sat down.

“I have no intention of going back yet. But Kanis, the timing to use the metagate should be reasonable. If anything other than survival remains in your head, you will hesitate at the crucial moment.”

“Heh, I know that much. You can leave it to Arin. If it really gets dangerous, it's heaven and I'll go back unconditionally.”

"by the way… … .”

Tess propped her head up and rolled over on her side. The curves of her body from head to toe were overwhelming.

'Adult… … I'm an adult.'

'Tess, you're an adult.'

The children's eyes were focused on one place, but Tess didn't care as if she was used to it.

“How are lifespans controlled here? Are you saying that there really is such a thing as a god and that he can change a person's lifespan at will?”

The children were lost in thought.

“I think it's like magic. I felt the same way when I was fighting with Marsha-noona, but it seems that nothing is impossible with magic.”

Clearly, Clay Marsha's ability was beyond imagination. But Amy, whom she fought alongside, viewed negatively.

“Hmm, eating out of the rules. Reducing lifespan may be possible depending on the cost and conditions, but what about eternal life? No magic can increase lifespan. Because it transcends human limitations.”

"is it? I guess there might be a way. Mmm.”

Arin said.

“Why is everyone thinking critically? Maybe Ra is really a god. Even if he didn’t create the world, wouldn’t he at least be close to God?”

"That's a bit strange too. If he really is a god, why would he need a name to control his lifespan?”

As Amy said, a name is just a title given by humans. It was unreasonable to think that a being who depended on human language was elevated to the divine level.

Sirone said.

“Besides, don’t you think the sake of anecdotes is evil? For whatever reason, you treat human life like an object. Ra could simply be controlling the lifespan to manage Heaven. It just doesn't make sense for God to rule the world.”

The friends realized that Sirone viewed Heaven negatively. Good and evil are human concepts and are flexible according to the environment. Making value judgments was something that had to be prudent until the very end.

said Tess.

“But there is nothing we can do. It's the life they choose and their culture. In particular, religion is an idea that has an absolute position in a culture.”

“No, it is not a religion. As we just said, Ra is not a god.”

“It doesn't matter. It doesn't matter if it's a dictator, not a god. After all, Ra has the ability to control life span. What could be more important than that in religion?”

Sirone seemed to have more to say, but eventually swallowed it.

As Amy watched, she realized that Sirone was still looking for a way to save Kanya's mother.

I liked that kind of sirone, but now was the time to be calm.

“What are you going to do, Sirone? Tomorrow, the drinking of the anecdote will proceed. As Tess said, it was the subject's choice. It's not something that can simply be called unreasonable by our standards.”

“But Miro said he denied the law.”

"Sirone, that's... … .”

"know. I'm not trying to bury her thoughts. The feeling I received is also becoming similar. I think I can understand her to some extent now.”

Sirone recalled the story of the maze he had heard at Nord's Shelter. Even though her maze denied her law, her old man said her mother did not hate her. & nbsp;

If subjects are nothing more than subservient beings to Ra, how should we take that word? What did Miro see and feel in heaven? 

What is certain is that when tomorrow comes, Sirone will have no choice but to make a choice.

Maybe the maze... … may not have been wrong.

@

1st Thousand Sharma.

The 73rd branch of the Fairy Department for managing subjects.

The Fairy Department where Feope works was located on the outskirts of Purgatory among Sharmaines. Hundreds of houses were built on a huge tree called the World Tree, and small fairies flew between them like larks.

Feope went into the depths of the World Tree. 

The head fairy's dwelling was much smaller than a human's house, but it was as charming and splendid as it was.

When I opened the door and entered, Lee Ki-rin, the head of the Fairy Department, was sitting on a chair with her wings folded. She wore heavy eye makeup, and her cheeks were emblazoned with a pattern of golden vines.

Although she was a fairy born of authority, she was an adult who could not be matched by Peope, even considering her age. In particular, his beautiful appearance drew admiration from other fairies.

---------------------------------------