depression (3)

When Singh of the Ministry of Law said something meaningful, the eyes of the residents of the Ivory Tower changed at once.

The number of members of the Ministry of Law is 5, but the number of stars in possession is 17, the highest.

This is because some departments have two 4-stars without one.

'It's a really strong law.'

As Sirone strengthened her eyes and increased the power of incarnation, Thing's presence gradually began to disappear.

Then Freed, Amanta, and Minerva overcome the law of Thing, followed by the 4-star and 3-star.

'Keugh! I can't!'

However, the residents below the 2-star level were still suppressed by Sing's presence and were unable to use their strength.

Fried asked Thing.

“Are you going to join the Unified Space Management Department?”

“Whatever decision I make, it has nothing to do with you. Well, it doesn't make any sense to say such a thing.”

Thing added.

“I haven't changed my mind yet. I just said that the illusion of Sirone is unique.”

She turned her head to Sirone.

“Why are you trying to save humanity? Are you a program to protect other illusions?”

I'm human too, I wanted to reply, but Sirone couldn't get it out of my mouth.

'There is no way to change the logic of Thing. It's not even delusion. A person who has reached the highest level in the law.'

But it's all an illusion.

Conversely, I thought that Thing might be an illusion to me.

'Everyone except me is an illusion... … Humans are truly lonely beings.

'That's what I hate.'

I couldn't be so envious of the Gaians who achieved an integrated mental system today.

“Fake or real, it doesn’t matter. If left as it is, the world will be destroyed by the army of hell. And in that world, there are also ivory towers. That must be stopped.”

“Do you really think so?” Sirone flinched.

“Because I don’t understand. Everyone in this room seems to be designed to understand the world quite a bit, so how do you come to that conclusion?”

Fried agreed.

“You are lying.”

Power entered Sirone's eyes.

“At the Great Convocation, any opinion can be carried through, but you mustn't lie. Where do you think the army of hell came from? Murderer? rapist? Of course there will be some stake, but no. It just came from us.”

Fried spread his arms.

“You must have made great efforts to reach the level of Yahweh. but it's all the same so what's left? love for humans? No, actually, we know better than anyone else. There is only one reason why all of humanity wanted to climb to the top of the competing pyramid.”

Fred slowly turned his head.

“Because there are no humans there.” "dream? Achievement? It's the same no matter how you wrap it in words. I don't want to get entangled with humans, I don't want to get hit. The reason the top of the pyramid looked the brightest to your eyes was that no one lived there.”

This is why the ivory tower was created.

“How many petty arguments have you had? How many times have you been denied and ridiculed for your thoughts? But when I go there, no one is there. The merit of the top is enough. To be able to live without feeling human nature.”

Sirone bit his lip.

“You would know too? If I hadn't been disillusioned with the world, I wouldn't have come this far in the first place. Let's save humans? We're just taking our own responsibilities. To borrow Nane’s words, it is also called Great Purification.”

Taeseong opened his mouth.

“Fried, Nane’s philosophy has already been passed on to Fall de… …

“Taesung.”

Sirone stopped talking.

“I will continue to tell you.” Sensing a chill, Taeseong closed her mouth, and Minerva gulped down her saliva.

'This isn't serious... …

Sirone aimed her eyes at Fried.

“You are right. I can't say I didn't have that feeling either. But I already forgave them. Because I am a human being just like them.”

“That is your case. I am not Yahweh.”

Sirone meekly nodded.

“Nevertheless… … He said he was angry.” Only then did Fried look back at Sirone.

“Why do I have to go through this? why can't i be happy I was so angry and resentful that I ended up... …

Sirone put her thumb on her chest.

“I made a terrible monster here.”

Even if she didn't bother to open her chest and look into it, Sirone's dangerous aura told her the size of her anger.

“The reason I was able to endure it again is because I still love this world. If you are not happy here, you will be the same wherever you go.”

"So that's your case... …

"I'm not asking you to know."

Sirone's eyes changed.

“I don't know why I was given the chance to save everyone, but really, this is my last chance. The moment I let go of the realm of Yahweh, it was an extremely small handful of anger lurking inside Sirone.

“Nobody can be happy.”

The five great stars of each department frowned.

'What's this?'

Suddenly, a black monster tore Sirone's clothes and jumped out, screaming at the stars.

Aaaaaaaaaaaa!

“Huh!”

The two-star residents were surprised and threw their upper bodies back.

'No, it's not a monster.'

When he came to his senses, the countless thorns that had overwhelmed him with the form had disappeared, and a single <Dharma Slaughter> was vibrating.

Minerva bit her molar.

‘Law Killing’ was activated only with temperament. That's something I couldn't see even in my prime.'

Fred asked with a displeased expression on his murderous intent against the whole world.

“Are you threatening me?”

"okay. But not my will.” To prevent the destruction of mankind, Yahweh

made the final choice.

Terrible inner monster.

'The only way I could contain that anger was... …

It was an extreme philanthropy that no one could be happy if everyone couldn't be happy.

'one more time… …

Sirone's voice trembled.

“Can’t we just give you one more chance? To say that you came here because you hate humans means that you loved them that much. In fact, you all want to live together, don’t you?”

Thing, whose lips were tightly closed, looked at Sirone.

'all together?'

Her wounds never heal.

'Where is that? It's an illusion that torments me by acting out all sorts of human emotions.'

There was only one exception.

If Sirone is not an illusion, for example, if an absolute being appears and guarantees that he is human.

'Maybe I'll change my mind... … With the eyes of all the stars focused on Fried, time passed helplessly.

It's an atmosphere that normal humans can't even last for a minute, but the stars stayed there for over an hour.

“I will say something.”

At that time, Rampa, a 3-star resident of the System Inspection Department, raised his hand.

He was an old man over 100 years old, and on the back of his wrinkled hand, there was a bird emitting yellow light before he knew it.

'Lampa. The world's greatest information wizard.' It would not be an exaggeration to say that the radius of his information transmission magic, Telebird, was the entire planet.

Fried, who was still lost in his thoughts while being watched by <Slaughter>, asked bluntly.

"what's the matter? In an important time like now.”

“I thought I should let you know before making a judgment. A little while ago, the emperor of the Kashan Empire changed.”

Sirone's head jerked back.

“The emperor has changed?”

Lampa waited for Freed's instructions.

“Go ahead.”

“The current succession ceremony is over. The new emperor is Gando, the biological son of Theraze Mystra. Also, it seems that Kashan will withdraw from the temple and join Gustav's side.”

'Uorin... … Gave up Kashan.' In other words, it meant that Gustav's forces would become much stronger than they are now.

'What's going on?' At the same time Sirone turned her head, Taeseong illuminated Kashan's territory with Gaia's ability.

“Hey! Run! run!"

Harbitz led the army of Hell behind his back and galloped across the vast territory of the Kashan Empire.

From far away on the horizon, Kashan's defense forces guarding the capital were rolling in like a tidal wave.

'They're just having fun meeting each other.' Bullying the prisoners in the occupied area and moving around all day sitting in a high car was boring to the point of death.

"I'm coming!"

Surprised by Havitz's sudden action, Sumodo hurriedly mounted his horse and chased after him.

“Damn it! What the hell are you thinking!”

It is said that they are free from the law, but in the end, if they are stabbed by a human sword, they have no choice but to die.

Sumodo shouted at Balkan, who was riding alongside.

“Is this okay? Die there!”

"no."

Vulcan raised an eyebrow.

“I don’t die.”

Kashan's 30,000-strong defense force and Hell's army clashed with a clear boundary line.

Havitz's figure was buried in the weaponry.

“Let me kill you too!”

Running around the battlefield like a child and wielding a sword, Havitz's inaction was mediocre.

Still, no one could kill him, and after tasting the blood, he went deeper.

"what? Is that the emperor?"

The commander of the archery unit turned rapidly and gave instructions to the soldiers.

“Shoot! If we catch that guy, the war will end!”

Thousands of soldiers fired arrows at once.

As the arrows soared into the sky and fell in a parabolic line, the finest magic bullets exploded.

The entire radius was devastated, and the huge demons rolled on the floor with their flesh bursting out.

“Are you done?”

There was a light of hope in the Cheoninjang's eyes.

But at that moment, Havitz, who was completely intact, jumped out through the smoke.

"damn! Power reload... … No, I will take care of it myself!”

As the Cheonjinjang drew his sword and charged in, Habitz ran towards him as if he had no need to worry.

'Stupid bastard. He was determined to die.' Numerous demons were fighting around them, but no one offered to help Satan.

'I can catch it! i catch it! Become a hero!'

He could realize that Havitz's swordsmanship was only intermediate or intermediate, just by competing.

'This is real! I am the emperor... … heart beats wildly

“Yaaaaa!”

He delivered the best sword of his entire life.

"what… …

The blade brushed the throat of Havitz, who leaned his upper body back, and cut the air emptyly.

'Are you lucky? It can't be.' He tried to wield the sword in succession, but only managed to slash Havitz's collar.

'damn! The one with no armor! Are you actually a swordsman? But this nonsensical move... … I didn't feel like I was watching and avoiding it at all.

' uh?'

The moment he saw Havitz's face, the body of the thousand chief froze and shuddered.

'Eyes… … Are you winding up?'

Vulcan smiled.

“It is not a miracle.”

When all mankind who lived through history threw the dice, only Havitz was the last one left.

'It's a probability, a probability.'

Anyway, someone has to stay.

'It will become a matter of course.' Just as it is natural for us to be born into this world after breaking through billions of competition.

"your majesty! Are you having fun!”

Vulcan, who had cut off the head of the Cheoninjang with a single knife, stopped talking with a hearty laugh.

"so so. But I want to see Uorin soon.”

“It will come in hand soon.”

As Sumodo arrived late, Vulcan looked over the infernal armies advancing on Aganos.

A white flag was fluttering in the distance.