[273] 1. Hostile friendly relations (2)

He approached Sirone and asked for a handshake.

“I must go. I can't be away for a long time. Sirone-kun is also an Unlocker, so knowing these things will help you work as a unique member of the magical society.”

Sirone quickly grabbed Arius' hand.

"yes. It really helped me a lot. thank you."

"haha! There is nothing to be thankful for. From now on, I intend to steal your Ataraxia.”

Arius smiled coldly, but Sirone couldn't see his expression. for he was already asleep and dropping his head deeply.

High-level sleep magic cuts the target's consciousness like a knife, making them unable to feel even the disconnection of mental waves. Even if Sirone's consciousness was revived and clung to the memories that had been cut off, he wouldn't feel anything strange.

“Shall we start soon?”

Arius is a scale wizard who handles the mental system and uses magic called Dive to penetrate the human mind.

Among the 12 levels of the human mind, it can penetrate anywhere except for the 12th level shell layer, which is the realm of intellect.

However, the environment inside the human mind was so dangerous that even 10 lives were not enough to dive recklessly.

So, most divers use a method of throwing a net on the surface of the water and extracting only the information they want, and keywords play a key role in that.

Arius, who unexpectedly injected keywords into Sirone to remind her of Ataraxia, turned around and warmed up before casting her dive magic.

Even now, the place where dozens of divers die a year is the human spirit, but like a magician of the 7 Magicians, he cast magic without hesitation.

“Dive. Ataraxia.”

As the breakaway spirit zone shrunk to an extreme scale, it infiltrated Sirone's head. At the same time, Arius' figure disappeared from the waiting room.

It wasn't until about 5 minutes later that he reappeared. He was on his knees and his clothes were wet with sweat, like someone who had been in and out of water.

Arius caught his breath and stood up slowly. After looking at Sirone with a puzzled expression for a long time, he was about to move on when he heard the official's voice from outside the door.

“Sirone-sama, the trial will be held in a while. Please join us.”

Arius giggled and clicked his tongue, activating the Scale Wizard's proprietary flicker and disappearing from the waiting room.

"what?"

Sirone blinked and looked around.

I fell asleep for five minutes, but my consciousness was so neatly cut that it was like five minutes that did not exist.

In a state of consciousness that had been severed and then sealed, I could only think that Arius had suddenly disappeared while shaking hands.

'You're really new to it. Well, Armin-ssi was like that too.'

When there was no answer from Sirone even after a while, the official opened the door and came in.

“Sirone-sama, you have to come out now.”

“Oh, sorry. I will go now.”

Sirone followed the official into the courtroom.

The nobles of Kazura were seated in the jury, and two chairs were placed side by side under the judge's seat.

Instead of evidence, various tools were lined up in the place where evidence was stored, and alchemists and wizards were checking them.

Sirone sat down in the chair on the right and waited for a while. Loud shouts were heard from outside the courtroom, and the door opened.

“His Highness Orkamp is coming!”

Amidst the nobles standing up and being greeted, Orkamp entered with a commanding stride.

He looked at Sirone's condition without even paying attention to the other nobles. Arius must have already contacted him, but he did not know if he had succeeded in cloning Ataraxia.

“Let’s get started.”

Arius, who was sitting next to Sirone, gave instructions, and the judge proceeded with the examination.

The wizard took blood from two people with a syringe. 

The moment the needle was inserted into the king's body, the judge's atmosphere cooled.

After the blood was drawn to Sirone, the alchemist mixed the blood of the two species in a substance called oxtamine. When the beaker was shaken, the liquid changed from deep purple to transparent water.

The alchemist explained.

“Oxtamine-mixed blood will be kept under vacuum for three days. If the test is positive, the child is the parent, and if the test is negative, the child is not the child.”

When the alchemist handed over the blood, the judge placed it in an alchemy chest called the Caspian.

When the lid was closed, the air was discharged and turned into a vacuum. 

It was perfect for inspections that required security because it would break if even a little air penetrated into it.

The judge raised the caspi and announced.

“This Caspian will go into the Vault and be placed in the Inner Garden. The royal guards will monitor it 24 hours a day, and any noble who has permission to enter the castle can check it at any time. However, crossing the access limit line is strictly prohibited. If a separate monitor is attached, the identity must be registered within an hour.”

Sirone nodded at the judgment of the inspection department. 

If you expose the safe to an unspecified number of people, you can't do nonsense because each other becomes each other's watcher.

“With the above, we will finish the inspection of the first prince of Kazura Kingdom.”

The trial ended with the judge lowering the gavel.

Orkamp, ​​like a busy man, left the courtroom without even saying that he had done a good job with Sirone.

Sirone, who knew Orkamp's personality, didn't care anymore. Rather, he was concerned about the fact that he hadn't contacted Reina since last night.

As a legal representative, I know that you are hectic because you have to pay for all administrative work. And because of that, he was able to spend leisurely like Hanryang.

But isn't that why you brought Amy? It was strange that no message had come, no matter how far away the lodgings were.

@

“Failed?”

Orkamp's face contorted.

It was the first time I had heard it since I hired Arius. It was also something that should never have been said.

The reason he took the criticism and scouted the criminals of the black line was because he believed in his skills. But what about failure?

"sorry. I succeeded in casting the net, but I couldn't replicate it.”

Divers bring concepts sunk in the depths of the unconscious to the surface through keywords, and this process is described as casting a net.

“What is the reason? Didn’t they say that if you just plant keywords, you will succeed unconditionally?”

“If it is a clone, it is still possible. It just doesn't have to be.”

“Isn’t that necessary?”

Arius put on a bitter expression as he recalled the situation at the time.

“Ataraxia was encapsulated.”

“What is encapsulation? Is it a password?”

"no. Passwords are rules. Write 100 letters on a strip of paper that is 1 meter long. It is read by rolling it on a wooden block of a certain thickness and reading the letters reflected on one side. If the sentence is revealed, it is the password. So what about encapsulation? Write clear sentences on strips of paper one meter long. And then you throw it away randomly. There are no patterns, and you can't solve them. What I actually saw was not ataraxia, but an information cloud with all sorts of information tangled like threads.”

Arius raised his index finger and continued.

“Then why is there no need to duplicate it? Keywords remind the opponent of a specific concept. For example, something like this. Apples are delicious. Then, an apology comes to your mind. But that's the apology you think, not the perfect apology. The perfect apology is dissolved in the unconscious in a preverbal form. In the end, thoughts revealed through keywords are just shadows. Usually that's enough, but when it's encapsulated like this, it's useless. If you clone an information cloud, it is just an information cloud.”

Orkamp couldn't blame Arius. Because I understood. Also, to blame him would be to expose one's own ignorance.

“Then what are you going to do now? We absolutely need Ataraxia.”

“First, let's talk to Sirone. I guess I'll have to look at Ataraxia myself to find a solution. What kind of information system is it, and what is the triggering principle? Only after that information has been gathered will I be able to speak. Of course, the door is installed so that you can go back in at any time.”

"It's a demonstration of Ataraxia... … .”

Orkamp didn't like Arius' proposal.

Since Sirone is a clever child, there was a high probability that he had guessed that he had not been invited to the royal castle simply for a paternity test.

In such a situation, if the original purpose is brought out, the wounds that Sirone will receive will be enormous.

If it's to protect the kingdom, you can hear the stigma of being a mean father. However, he wanted to avoid a situation where Sirone refused to cooperate.

“Isn’t that too blatant? I'm sure you'll doubt it."

“Your Highness, it is a major event in which the first prince changes. The Theraze faction will also try to see a match within three days of the test results. If we don't take advantage of the priority of negotiating with Sirone, the initiative will shift to Theraze.”

Orkamp pondered carefully.

Do you embrace Sirone to the end, or do you use him and throw him away? Either way, the sooner the better.

"If you're going to do it, would it be better to be grandiose?"

Arius responded with a cunning eye smile.

@

On her way to her parents' quarters, Sirone stopped in the hallway on the second floor. An unknown official, the messenger of Zeon, was blocking the road. It was amazing how he found himself like a ghost in this vast castle.

“Sirone-sama, you should go with me.”

Sirone straightened her back and pulled her chin in.

I certainly wouldn't call it fun, but avoiding it wasn't a good choice. 

Rather than getting stabbed in the back of the head while running away, it was more effective to meet them in person and see how they reacted.

“Guide me.”

“It is also an excellent choice. Please follow me.”

The official took Sirone to the basement. Because it was a place where goods warehouses were concentrated, the floating population was extremely small, and the division was complicated like a maze because of frequent expansion work.

The place I arrived at was the outermost, and there was a door that could be entered from the wall. 

It was not a room that originally existed.

“This is it. Please go in.”

Sirone pulled the doorknob without relaxing. 

Contrary to the expectation that there would be a room, a square cave with a burning torch stretched out, and another door was installed 15 meters in front.

double entry door.

I don't think I would have chosen this structure for fun, but I couldn't come up with a convincing reason for that.

About halfway through the cave, the official slammed the door shut. It must have been to convey a message to someone.

Sirone, who had stopped in surprise, took a deep breath again and opened the second door.

It was an all white room. 

The whole thing was marble, not painted, and various items were displayed on the shelves along the wall.

I didn't see anything particularly luxurious, but knowing Ji-on's tendency, I felt uncomfortable.

Ji-on and Wu-rin were drinking tea at the table. Seeing Wu Lin relieved her a little, but she realized that even such a thought was dangerous and erased it from her mind.

“Come. What are you doing? Come on in.”

Sirone couldn't move his feet. Ji-on and Woo-rin were looking at themselves with playful eyes.

However, it was impossible to stand in front of the door all the time, so I stepped forward while being wary of all directions as much as possible.

At that moment, the floor suddenly collapsed and the body fell forward.

“Ugh! what!"

Sirone hurriedly raised his head. The floor was soft, so I wasn't shocked, but when I heard Ji-on and Woo-rin giggling, I was embarrassed to the point that even my ears turned red.

'What kind of floor is so soft?'

As I groped around while crawling, I touched the hard floor at a certain boundary.

“Are you okay, brother? I'm sorry for kidding you. But was it fun?”

Uorin came over and held out her hand.

Standing up holding her hand, Sirone looked back at the spot where he had fallen. There were no distinguishing features from other floors.

"What's this?"

“It’s <mokomokoshin everywhere>.”

“Anywhere… … what?"

---------------------------------------