[644] Dead End (4)

"Wait! Wait, wait a minute!”

While Arte hadn't answered yet, Amy hurriedly held out her hand.

“Sirone, what are you really doing? Are you doing this because you don't know what situation you're in?"

"I know. But I don't want to do something I don't want to because my situation is not good.”

“You don’t want to. It's an ivory tower, an ivory tower. It is a place that all wizards dream of.”

“I still can’t follow what isn’t right.”

"not right… … ,”

Arte lowered his fan and revealed his face.

“That is an interesting opinion. What are you thinking?”

“Kar Suu Kyi means perfection. But what you did, speaking of perfection, was, in the end, suppression by force.”

I couldn't understand Arte's judgment of blowing up Ryman just because he didn't have time.

“Hmm, you seemed to hate it.”

"no, I do not want. But it's not a matter of emotion. If strong is truth, how is the white line different from other lines?”

Tokay shook his shoulders.

“Hey, did I tell you? It's different from your profile.”

Convinced, Arte folded the fan and drew an imaginary vertical line on the table.

"great. Let me explain. Man belongs to the number 3 of the law in that he chooses between good and evil. The vertex of these 3 can be said to be the seeker. But Sirone-kun, we are not seekers. It is an existence corresponding to 4 in terms of intelligence and law. In short, they are not beings who choose between good and evil.”

“Then what kind of an ivory tower is it?”

“It is an existence that distinguishes between good and evil. Is a line really a line? Is evil really evil? In other words, the most important thing in the number 4 of the law is endless criticism. And what this means... … .”

Arte stood up and offered a handshake.

“Congratulations again. Sirone-kun is well qualified to take the Ivory Tower test.”

Friends asked with puzzled expressions.

"yes?"

On the other hand, Sirone stared at Arte's outstretched hand, then looked up in disbelief.

“If you said you would take the test from the beginning, does that mean you weren’t given the opportunity?”

“In my case, yes. As I said earlier, there is no special standard for Kar. Candidates who were notified by residents other than me may not have done this test.”

Arte smiled.

“The ivory tower is such a place. Being a star means being able to criticize anything, and I have only criticized Sirone-kun in my own way. Just like Sirone-kun criticized me and the Ivory Tower a while ago.”

'aha.'

Amy understood a little what a kar was.

“Therefore, the inhabitants of the Ivory Tower support the Judgment of the Stars. Even if we have different opinions, we believe that it is the conclusion that came after going through harsh self-criticism. Is the strong the truth? If any villager has concluded that way, that too is close to perfect.”

Arte grabbed Sirone's hand and shook it.

“Receive the title of a star. The Ivory Tower doesn't force any ideology on you. It's just to share with the world what you criticize with Sirone-kun's intellect.”

Sirone's heart started beating wildly.

It was only the thought of wanting to move towards a critical conclusion drawn through intellect, 100 percent Kar.

"for a moment. The thing to point out here is... … .”

Iruki came out.

“Anyway, since he became an ivory tower candidate, it can be said that Sirone has his own qualifications, right?”

"of course. Even if Sirone refuses, the door to the Ivory Tower is always open.”

“Then what are the terms of the contract? Wouldn't it be impossible to accept a sudden offer without any of that?”

Tokay said.

“If you are talking about annual salary, the ivory tower has no pay. However, if it is necessary to carry out the mission, I can provide any amount of support.”

Even Amy was surprised this time.

“You really have no pay?”

“Because there is no need. Being trusted by the people of the Ivory Tower means being able to criticize anything, and already by convention you have full access to public facilities in countries around the world. If you're hungry, go to a public institution and eat, and if you need something, talk to the king or a government official. We will supply and demand through the fastest route.”

"Wow, that's really crazy."

Upon hearing the preferential treatment that was effective, Nade felt what the Ivory Tower was like.

If this offer came to him, it seemed that he could revive his dream of becoming a wizard.

'Well, that's why I can't.'

Nade's car was far inferior to Sirone's.

“Of course, only after receiving the title of a star. No preferential treatment is given to candidates. Before becoming a star, the first priority is to build the people's trust in Kar.”

Of course it would, but Iruki wanted to take advantage of this opportunity even a little bit.

“Are you aware of the situation Sirone is in right now?”

“No, I don’t know.”

There was no need for 3-star residents to know the candidate's situation.

“The kingdom of Tormia is preventing Sirone from graduating by framing her. What do you think about this part?”

“I wouldn’t be able to do it if I didn’t graduate. The Ivory Tower doesn't care about anything but Karr. Sirone just needs to find La Enemy and come to the Ivory Tower.”

said Amy.

“But it is too much. The 3rd place is the royal family, so they have a lot of personal connections, and whoever the 2nd place is, they probably have a wizard license anyway, but at this rate, Sirone will have to travel as a civilian. I won't say it's unfair, but I can help you acquire the qualifications that Sirone could have in the first place.”

“Hmm.”

Arte tapped his head with a fan and was lost in thought.

"great. Can I just graduate?”

Sirone meekly nodded.

"yes. I think it would be much more comfortable to travel with at least an unofficial wizard license.”

It's not like I'm greedy now, but I wanted to have at least a diploma from a magic school with countless memories.

"All right. Let's talk.”

Arte stood up and Tokei rode on his shoulder and looked back at Sirone.

“Become the 28th star. Wouldn't it be nice to be the person we announced?"

“Yes, I will work hard.”

As Arte and Tokay went outside, the students who were whispering outside the building all shut up.

The teachers also looked nervous, but Arte calmly looked around as if he was used to this situation.

Then, sitting like a refugee and receiving treatment, Lyman flicked a fan and signaled to come.

"yes yes!"

Although he was not in good shape, he moved as quickly as possible and fell down at Arte's feet.

The concept, which had been away for a while due to lingering about the cost of studying abroad for his daughter, returned after being hit by Arte's magic.

“Did you call, you observer of intellect?”

“From now on, Sirone-kun will be tested by the Ivory Tower. Make sure your graduation doesn't get in the way."

“I will convey your will to the king. The will of the stars will be carried out smoothly.”

When you have a drink with a foreign official, you can often come across anecdotes of kings who were caught by the stars, and this was what they said in common.

If the stars want something, they just do it.

'Because it's already been criticized.'

It was an ivory tower business manual.

“Let’s go, Tokay.”

Tokay waved his hand toward the crowd.

“Then let’s all live happily and leave.”

A belt of light coiled around from Arte's feet, then rose into a huge whirlpool and soared into the sky.

'Is this the ivory tower?'

While the students stared blankly at him, Laiman gritted his teeth as he glared at Sirone, who had come out of the building belatedly.

It was intended to make her crawl between her crotches, but now she has become a person that even the king cannot touch.

'Let's wait. It has never ended well because it was stamped into the ivory tower.'

Since there are three candidates, the probability that Sirone will become a star reaches a whopping 33.3 percent.

If you touch it with a feeling of no way, the price you will have to bear in the future is too great.

“Arian Sirone.”

Liman smiled and said.

“All sins are pardoned by royal decree. Please, I hope you become a great wizard who can raise the name of the kingdom.”

The royal decree did not fall, but it was a fait accompli anyway, and the students cheered at Laiman's declaration of defeat.

“Wow! Sirone-senpai, congratulations!”

“It's really amazing! An ivory tower!”

It was only natural for the students to be happy as being an ivory tower candidate was an honor for the alma mater.

'Find Ra.'

On the other hand, Sirone's odds were 1/3.

A problem that is different from anything we've tackled so far.

Also, the competitor's car value was fine, but higher than that of Sirone.

'Who the hell are you?'

Aside from competition, it was a pure curiosity Sirone.

* * *

The imperial castle of the Jincheon Empire, Yeomra.

As an empire with a population of over 200 million, the scale of Yeomra, where the emperor resided, was by far the largest among the three emperors.

The number of guards equaled that of the country, and the number of magicians alone exceeded 2,000.

It had an overwhelming advantage in terms of quantity, but it was unavoidable that it was inferior in terms of quality, and was currently recruiting talented people from around the world with astronomical funds.

“Princess, His Majesty the Emperor is looking for you.”

As soon as the lady-in-waiting finished speaking, the eyes of the woman who had been immersed in meditation in the octagonal pavilion suddenly opened.

It was Jin Seong-eum, the 13th daughter of Jin Kang, the emperor of Jincheon.

The gaze staring straight ahead was hard as steel, and the stubbornly closed mouth was as red as flames.

“Let’s go now.”

As Seongeum prepared to step out, the ladies-in-waiting spread the distance equal to the number engraved on their respective jade necklaces.

The distance between 10 steps and 1,000 steps means the right to approach the Seongeum.

Upon arriving at the imperial palace, where both eaves towered toward the sky, the guards erected their spears in perfect order.

Oh, the head of the guards, approached with a sound of ironclad armor and bowed his head.

"princess."

The voice's eyebrows twitched.

“Than 23. back off.”

“… … .”

It was a voice that distanced everyone he met, but it was impossible for him to leave his seat as the head of the Royal Guard.

“Huh, is that so?”

The moment Seong-eum snorted, Oh realized that he was 23 steps away from her.

'… … There is absolutely no way I can do this.'

The obsession with space is due to a special realization that made her the best magician in Jincheon.

The reason why the emperor called her today was because she was nominated as a candidate for the ivory tower, where only the world's best can enter.

“110 steps. 230 steps. 87 steps. 433 steps.”

Seongeum also distanced the guards one by one.

I don't know the basis, but it was clear that there was a certain standard judging by the strangely understandable feeling.

As with Oh, when the soldiers did not leave their seats, Seong-eum raised her eyes, revealing anger.

“These… … !”

The maid who was the only one allowed to take 10 steps hurriedly said.

"princess. Today, His Majesty the Emperor specially... … .”

'etheric waves.'

As Seongeum focused his mind, all sounds disappeared and even the shape of the landscape was pushed out of cognition.

In a world that was only dark, countless tremors came like raindrops falling on the surface of the water.

If gravity is caused by matter squeezing space, it means that even empty space is filled with something.

What she realized as an Unlocker was the base that made up the space itself, that is, the ether.

'Shoulder.'

Sensing the emperor's wave, she cast her magic, and the 4-kilometer distance crumpled and the landscape of the Yellow Dragon Hall came flooding in.

In a state where different landscapes are in contact with each other, the bridge of Seongeum has crossed the boundaries of space.

"father."

By just taking one step like that, she had an audience with the emperor of the Jincheon Empire.

---------------------------------------