[298] Master of Ceremonies (2)

Ji-on tilted his head at the impression that he had seen it somewhere.

"For sure… … Did you say Vincent?”

Arius explained as they walked over the carpet.

“It will be projected to a large extent. The superego is heavily influenced by the father. Normally, it should be strong enough to subdue even Egoist.”

Ignite greeted them with a strong smile.

“So, do you have any medicine to cure me?”

Shocked, Arius was unable to answer for a moment. I felt a sense of intimidation, like having a beast in front of me.

'It's ridiculous. Is this the superego in a weakened state?'

It is normal for normal people to have their super ego paralyzed in the face of death. However, Ignite was still radiating energy in a strong state.

'I can't help but admire this?'

Even Arius, who had explored the minds of countless people, had never had a super ego so strong.

Those who have a steel-hard critical mind will never be vigilant under any circumstances. The rumor that sirone is a wood that can become a top-notch was also based on this tendency.

Ji-on snorted and said.

“Are you bluffing even though everyone is dying? What an unlucky child.”

Arius thought, how weak Zeon's superego was.

“There is no medicine that can cure my illness. Because this world is already sick. Yeah, what did you come to see me for? The first lie will pass, but from now on you will have to tell the truth.”

A clumsy lie wouldn't work for the super ego, the ruler of reason, so Arius confided frankly.

“We must kill Sirone.”

The soldiers lined up in the middle of the room glared at Arius in the same motion. However, it was not manifested as an egoist because it was under the control of Ignite.

“Why should I?”

Ignite lifted the huge ax that was leaning against the back of the chair with one hand.

The moment he gripped the weapon, the air became heavy like an iron bar and squeezed the two men's chests.

Zion was terrified and took out Armand. When the Diamond Armament was activated, the sword split and surrounded him like armor. At the same time, Ignite's men raised their weapons.

Arius let out a reproachful sigh. However, to achieve his goal, he needed Zeon's help, so he abandoned his advance strategy and joined the use of force.

“Please stop for a moment. It will be over soon.”

“What are you going to do?”

Arius walked over to Ignite. The bluish light of Confuse, a spirit-type magic, gathered in his palm.

“… … You have to go into mental remodeling.”

* * *

“Coke! Coke!”

Sirone and the others coughed and exited the door leading to the seventh level. The stench from the landfill was imprinted in my brain, and I still felt like I could smell it.

But things weren't good here. Sirone and the others couldn't move in front of the door and put on a dazed expression.

The square's floor was littered with corpses with their heads blown off. People were falling from the rooftops as if it were raining.

On the other hand, citizens were fighting each other and beating each other as if they were going to kill each other. Even if it wasn't real, it was the first time I'd seen such a horrifying scene.

Armin watched the situation with a serious face.

If the action of the projectiles reached the extreme, it meant that Xenoger's steel wire was strangling him faster than expected.

While watching her world being destroyed with sad eyes, Sirone suddenly took on a fierce expression. She then mischievously tugged at Amy's hair as she stood in front.

"ouch!"

Amy looked back with a puzzled expression.

"what's the matter?"

“Don’t cover. You can't see it.”

Amy pursed her lips.

I don't know why Sirone, who is kind to others, is only doing this to herself. I wanted to hit her with one blow because of my temper, but I had made up my mind before meeting Hwa-sin, so I took control of her heart.

“Yeah, sorry, what.”

When Amy shrugged and turned around, Sirone was rather confused.

She is a good person and on her side. But why are you in a bad mood?

“Why did you come to rescue me?”

Amy flinched at the question that came from behind her back. But she didn't look back, and after being lost in her thoughts, she gave a short answer.

“Because we are friends.”

Sirone pulled out memories of reality from that story. It was a terrifying memory like a nightmare.

The world turned upside down and my body ached as if it were burning. I saw Amy tied up like a cocoon on the opposite wall. I can't guess what the situation was, but it was extremely unpleasant.

“But you… … You couldn't save me.”

Amy bowed her head sadly.

Is it still like that? Is Sirone hating her own weakness for not being able to act?

"Sirone, that's... … .”

The moment Amy turned around to explain, an egoist rose in front of her eyes. As she hurriedly backed away, Arius and Reina also distanced themselves.

The projectiles whose heads exploded turned into egoists one by one and began to surround Sirone like a wall.

Reina looked back at Armin and asked.

“How did this happen?”

“Avoid!”

Amy grabbed Reina by the waist and threw herself into the seventh-level doorway. Reina turned her head and saw a rain of arrows filling the sky.

Armin got out of range with flicker magic.

Egoists rushed around Sirone. After confirming there, Amy closed the door.

Follow me! Follow me!

The palms holding the doorknob tingled as dozens of arrows pierced the door.

As soon as the rain of arrows stopped, I opened the door and looked at Sirone. There were so many arrows stuck in the ball-shaped Egoist that it was disgusting.

“Sirone! are you okay?"

As the Egoists separated and slipped away like the ebb tide, I saw Sirone standing in the same posture as the first one. More Egoists approached him with shady attitudes and protected him.

Amy let out a sigh of relief and turned her head to where Sirone was looking.

A group of troops was pouring in. As the archers split left and right, the heavy cavalry took the lead.

“What the hell is that army?”

“It will be the antithesis. The egoist rationalizes the ego, and the antithesis criticizes. If the stronger the superego is, the more moral it is, then Sirone's antithesis will be quite strong. Don't relax.”

Amy was surprised to see the commander of the cavalry unit. He was a middle-aged man with a huge ax on his back, and even from a distance he had a distinct sense of weight.

“Uncle Vincent?”

Except for the fact that he was about 1.5 times bigger and had scars on his face, he looked just like Vincent even if he appeared in makeup.

“I am Ignite, the ruler of this city!”

Ignite's shout echoed through the plaza. Even the nervous citizens turned to him with alert expressions.

Ignite, who held out a large ax that was heavier than his body weight horizontally, pointed at Sirone and shouted.

“Sirone! Everyone is suffering because of your selfishness. What do you dream of as a lowly citizen! Your strength is not obtained through your efforts! It deserves to be handed over to others! Now I will end all suffering with your death!”

Amy looked back at Arius with an absurd expression.

“Is that Sirone's critical consciousness? Isn’t that just typical loser logic?”

"okay. Arius seems to have manipulated the superego. Humans have as much desire for death as they do for life. It looks like we've been seriously bitten.”

“Sirone! answer! are you fair Do you still want to live after giving birth to so much suffering?”

When humans are exposed to extreme fear or pain, the idea of ​​dying rather arises. Arius was able to easily manipulate Ignite using the fact that Sirone's world was sick.

Whenever she heard Ignite's voice, Sirone shuddered.

To the ego, the superego's message resonated powerfully like a bible to religious people.

“Right! The reason this world has become like this is all because of Sirone!”

“Killing Sirone is the only way to regain peace!”

“Kill! Let's kill Sirone!"

Projectiles in the plaza sympathized with Ignite and set up a banner of rebellion.

All of them were antitheses, and as the number increased, Sirone's incarnation became weaker.

“Get ready! Come this way!”

At the same time as Armin shouted, the heavily armored infantry rushed in, shaking the ground. Archers pulled their bowstrings from the left and right of the plaza, and citizens also rushed at them as an angry mob.

“I can be comfortable without you!”

The citizen who grabbed the wooden pole made a full swing in front of Sirone.

At the same time, Egoist hugged him and knocked him to the floor. As he turned his whole body into teeth and chewed on it, Antithese screamed and was torn to pieces.

But Ignite's men couldn't deal with it so easily. Rather, he was swinging his weapon with brute force that overwhelms Egoist.

The Egoists who had been attacked by Antithese disintegrated into pieces with the sound of air escaping.

“Kill Sirone! Everyone, charge at Sirone!”

The dead projectiles turned into Egoists and fought to protect Sirone. On the other hand, all citizens became antitheses.

Desire and reason collided in the center of the plaza.

It was definitely the existence of Ignite that made a variable in the close game.

He was stronger than any egoist, far beyond the might of the other antitheses. Every time he swung his large axe, Egoists exploded like dust.

“Sirone! not yours! Stop letting go!”

Armin, watching the battle, was dumbfounded.

'How could this be?'

Reason is winning over desire.

It means that the conviction is strong, but considering the situation, even if it was strong, it was absurdly strong. Even soldiers who die for their country have a stronger desire to live when their lives are at stake.

'But is desire a diagnosis? Is your head being cut off in real life? Could this really be the spirit of an eighteen-year-old boy?'

Arius would not have expected Antithesis to win either. If Ignite captures Sirone, they won't be able to obtain Ataraxia either.

Sirone's beliefs transcend those of humans.

Like the prophets in history, Sirone was a man willing to die for his convictions.

“I can’t. We are fighting too.”

Armin cast Flickr and infiltrated the battlefield.

In any case, the priority now is to save Sirone. This is because if the incarnation is attacked, you will no longer be able to catch up with Arius.

Amy defended herself with Fire Mist and cast Fire Wall.

The crowd split in two as the fire wall ran across the border between Egoist and Antithese.

As I concentrated, the height of the fire wall soared. The heavily armored infantry screamed in agony without taking off their heated armor.

Reina climbed onto the roof and sniped the archers. The arrows I bought from Nade's projectiles were many times stronger than the real one, so I could easily pierce two or three people with one shot.

“Get out of the way! I will punish you myself!”

Ignite's voice was heard from beyond the barrier of the Fire Wall. And she appeared right away breaking through the wall of fire.

With a large ax slung over his shoulder and taking a swinging stance, the first target he aimed at was Amy. Numerous egoists attacked him, but he was scattered with one blow from the axe.

“Amy! Dangerous!"

Reina inserted four arrows from the quiver on her thigh between her fingers.

Four shots were fired in an instant. In addition, the target areas were also different: shoulders, wrists, thighs, and heart.

Without taking his eyes off Amy, Ignite recognized the out-of-focus arrow and grabbed the large ax with both hands and swung it.

The sound of strong winds that humans could not imagine raged.

Kang! Kang! Kang! Kang!

The arrow with strong penetrating power did not bounce even after hitting the ax blade. However, as the shaft bent 90 degrees, it lost power and fell to the ground.

“You foolish girl!”

Ignite continued his charge, brandishing a large axe. Then, in front of Amy's eyes, he passed the ax blade behind his back.

As his upper body stood up, Amy felt as if a wall had formed in front of her eyes. She didn't have time to cancel the fire wall and cast another spell.

---------------------------------------