[158] Clay Marsha (2)

As soon as Amy's cry broke out, Tess's sword pierced Falcoa's heart. Lian's eyes then opened wide, and blood gushed out of her mouth.

There was no mistake in Tess' swordsmanship. The saber had penetrated Falcoa's heart and would sooner or later cease to function.

Falcoa had a gut feeling of death. He wasn't particularly afraid. Maybe death is the drug closest to pleasure in this world.

“Marsha.”

Surprisingly, the last words out of Falcoa's lips were the name of the leader. The corners of his mouth went up slightly, as if he felt something like a kaleidoscope.

'Take me to the battlefield.'

Tess pulled out the sword and Falcoa's body fell backwards. He fell with a thud, and Lian fell to his knees in pain.

“Rian! are you okay?"

Amy came running frantically. Ryan looked back at her with her smile on her face.

“Hey, Amy. Did you get rid of everything?”

"say it. where did you get hurt? Tess! Anyway, how can we stab together?"

Amy shouted at Tess, feeling sad. But Tess was just brushing off the blood on her sword. Then he suddenly smiled and winked.

“Whoa, what are you talking about? what do you see me as Even if you look at it like this, you have confidence in adjusting the interval. The only thing stabbed was Falcoa's torso. Lian is fine.”

Amy looked at Tess with a puzzled expression.

"excuse me… … Lian’s chest is bleeding?”

“What!”

Tess looked up at Lian, her eyes wide open. As Amy said, thin blood was leaking out.

“Rian! Ryan! are you okay? Come to your senses!”

When Tess, whose face had gone pale, whimpered in her ear, Lian, who lost consciousness for a moment and then came back, waved her hands in annoyance and stood up.

“Don’t make a fuss. I just poked in a little bit.”

“I’m sorry, Lian. I'm not good enough... … .”

“Don't talk like that. Even if it was a little shallow, Falcoa wouldn't have collapsed. It would have been dangerous for both of us back then. You were right.”

“Hey, but… … .”

Ryan sincerely thought so. No matter how much you worry about your friend's well-being, it's better to be deep than insufficient. That's why Tess was able to promote the highest level of concentration.

“Aww! A wound like this is nothing. Let's go quickly. I'm worried about Sirone.”

Even in the middle of the fight, bizarre noises and explosions were heard inside the building. It was clear that he was fighting the captain. At the very least, a more dangerous situation than the battle of Falcoa would have been taking place.

At that moment, the wall of the building shattered with a bang, and Sirone jumped out.

“Sirone!”

Sirone casts a teleportation right before she slams to the ground and backs away 10 meters. As the photonization state was released, Sirone, who assumed a landing posture, was pushed away dragging the ground.

“Sirone, are you okay?”

"Do not come!"

Sirone exclaimed urgently. The fact that you were unusually excited by Shiro, who was always calm, made his friends unable to move as if a nail had been driven into the soles of their feet.

“It's not over yet. It's sound magic, so approaching is dangerous.”

Marsha's sonar was able to use targeted and ranged attacks freely. It was clear that the three people, who must have been exhausted from the battle, would be caught up in powerful sound magic as they came and went.

“It’s quite right. You can last long enough against me.”

Marsha crouched down and left the building and approached with a smile. But her smile faded in front of Falcoa's corpse.

Falcoa is dead.

Although he was a bit of a strange man, he got together with the people in his life and had a lot of fun. 30% of his blood was soaked in the name of the parrot that made his name on the continent.

'There will be no regrets, Falcoa.'

Marsha could tell without looking. He was the kind of man who would have thought a stabbed death a much better death than a drug-fueled death of a heart attack.

But the impressions ended there.

It was surprising that he was only victimized by a student, but it was not an unusual situation considering Falcoa's physical condition, which had been addicted to drugs for five years.

Marsha again focused on dealing with Sirone. He guessed it when he broke through the first gateway, but when he faced it himself, the magic combination was quite balanced.

The teleportation was at a high level, and I also liked the power of the photon cannon, a key attack method.

The laser was perfect as a siege weapon, and had the disadvantage of requiring timing for the defensive magic, Berserk, but had the advantage of being able to be converted into offensive magic if necessary.

A balance that one mage has reached after long deliberation and evolution.

What I liked most of all was that it was a magic unique to Sirone that could not be learned by any wizard.

'It's the Unlocker's magic. It should be fun. I want it.'

While Marsha was thinking about that, Sirone was also analyzing the variables in the situation in the open field..

I received numerous penalties inside the building, so there was no particular disadvantage. Above all, there was no risk of hurting the hostages, so they could increase their power to their heart's content.

“It will be different from now on. I will never forgive you.”

“Huh, Sirone, you will forgive me.”

“On what basis? What you have done is beyond human standards.”

"That's right, actually... … .”

Marsha shouted, sticking out her tongue like a mischievous person.

“It was all a lie!”

Sirone and the others did not understand her words and put on a blank expression. Then Marsha shouted at the building.

"Yuna! You can come out now!”

As the sound amplified, her voice boomed out toward the sea.

After a while, the door of the building opened and a pretty-looking girl walked out.

“No way, is that girl Yuna?”

“That’s right, Yuna. As you can see, I am comfortable here without any problems. How are you, Sirone? Are you relieved now?”

Sirone didn't respond. Even with his brilliant insight, he couldn't even guess what Marsha was thinking.

“Oh, you still don’t know? Do you use it when your older sister gets mad at you for playing a little prank on her younger brother? Everything I said was a lie So please forgive me huh?"

Yuna lowered her head towards Sirone and the others and said.

“My sister did nothing wrong. Rather, Marsha unnie saved me.”

Ryan opened his mouth in frustration.

“What the hell happened? Someone please answer for me, stupid.”

But neither Amy nor Tess said anything.

It's an obvious mockery. It was clear. The problem was motivation. What the hell was Marsha planning to do like this?

What Sirone was thinking was also about him.

It wasn't something that could be dismissed as just a joke. The parrot mercenary has been destroyed. Falcoa is dead. But it was inconceivable that all this was a lie.

“If it really is… … Send Yuna this way.”

For now, the priority was to rescue Jis' sister. But Marsha shook her head with a polite mischievous smile.

“Yuna, go back in. I'll send it to my brother later."

Yuna nodded and went back into the building.

Syrone's medicine went up. What the hell does Marsha want to do with this situation?

I can't feel the purpose or meaning. It seemed that he just wanted to play a buntang like a child.

“What is this? What the hell do you want?”

“Whoops, why? Yuna is fine. Didn't that happen? Ah, did you want to take it yourself, like the apostle of justice?”

“It’s not… … .”

“You understand now? My sister did nothing wrong. It's you who's bad, Sirone. you made me sick So, I will never hand Yuna over to you.”

Sirone entered the Spirit Zone. The aggressive John, sharp like Marsha's blade, was aiming at his forehead before he knew it.

"joy! I won't be beaten anymore.”

Sirone shouted out loud, but in reality, there was a lot of confusion in her heart. Marsha has removed her motivation to fight. Even so, she was still spreading a warlike murderous intent.

'Let's stay calm. You're sending me hostility. That's enough reason to fight.'

If it was a tactic to deceive the opponent, he couldn't just be in the middle of the day. Besides, the hostages were also in good condition, so once they entered the battle, they wouldn't be pushed back like they were inside the building.

However, contrary to Sirone's expectations, Marsha released the Spirit Zone. She then spread her arms as if disarming her, she said to Sirone.

“You can kill me.”

Sirone's heart sank. Because I knew what she meant now.

It was a magical incantation that he had memorized every time he was beaten by his adoptive father.

That's why Marsha was sincere. It was clear to her that she really wanted to kill herself.

'What is it, Marsha? Who the hell are you?'

* * *

Magic Association Investigation Room.

A certified 5th-class wizard and investigator, Sakiri wiped the sweat from her forehead. His sleeves were rolled up to his elbows and more than half of his shirt buttons were undone.

It was clearly the face of a tired person. However, the forearm holding the iron club was still cracked as if it were overflowing with strength.

“Huh, since we took a break, shall we start again?”

“Turn it off… … .”

Lucas groaned as he fell to the floor.

The vice-captain of the parrot thieves who raided the Magic Association along with Arcane. However, at the time, Shiina's freezing magic, absolute zero, had both legs amputated.

I don't know how many hours I was beaten.

If he hadn't protected himself with schema, he would have suffered enough to die instantly.

"Goes. Knock it off.”

Sakiri swung the iron club again. Lucas crawled across the floor with his arms at the pouring heat, and then rolled over in exhaustion.

“Aaaaaa! Please stop! Ask me anything and hit me! I said I said everything!”

"wait. Shouldn’t you fill up a thousand units?”

“You crazy child!”

Sakiri counted in her mind. There are five left. four now. Generation.

Finally striking the final blow in his side, he slammed the iron club away as if feeling refreshed.

The stick rolled across the floor with a thud.

“Whoa, it’s refreshing. You did all the exercise today.”

“Heuuuuu, why the hell are you doing this… … .”

Lucas clutched at his aching stomach and wept.

Although he was recruited when the parrot mercenary group fell into bandits, he quickly rose to the position of vice-captain with his outstanding skills. The villain of the world who did not lose his spirit even when he faced Arcane.

However, in front of Sakiri, she was just a gum ticket stuck to the ground.

Sakiri grabbed Lucas by the hair and threw him at the chair.

As Lucas, who had been thrown violently, clung to the chair, Sakiri sat down on the other side of the desk and said.

“Sit down quickly. Before cutting off the remaining arm as well.”

Lucas propped himself up on his arms and managed to sit on the chair. Then Sakiri didn't say anything for a long time, meticulously examining the files written by the investigators.

“Detective Nari, please send me back to prison. I will tell you where Marsha is.”

"I do not need. What kind of woman is she, and does she still think she will be there?”

"Shit! Then why the hell am I beating myself up?”

Turning over the last page of the file folder, Sakiri hit the desk in annoyance.

“You know what criminal I hate the most? killer? home wrecker? No, he's an escaped prisoner. Does the country look so complacent? Even if the liver is swollen, it's an oil fountain, can a B-class criminal escape from prison? your life is over You will never see the sun for the rest of your life.”

Lucas swallowed his saliva. Sakiri's words were not threats, but the truth.

I could tell just by looking at the tendencies of the investigators who said they would hit a thousand times but actually did it.

“Anyway, let’s begin. I like to listen well. Now my daughter is four years old. She's the age to flirt in front of her father. But I haven't been able to go home for days! Let's live a little bit. Understand?"

“What do you want to hear?”

“Everything else is done, a woman named Marsha. If she knows anything about her, she will tell you everything.”

That was the only information Sakiri wanted.

Clay Marsha. She's a political prisoner, so she's never made a big fuss for a Class A criminal, but she's such a hard woman to get a hold of.

The biggest problem was that the intelligence was Jung-gu heating. He sometimes said he was a fire mage, other times he said he used ice magic.

In that respect, it was a very careful and thorough disposition. He was unable to clearly pinpoint the movement route even though he searched with the best available investigators.

So Sakiri called Lucas. I thought the operation was wrong from the beginning.

What you really need to know is not where Marsha is, but Marsha herself.

---------------------------------------