[609] Top 5 Prestiges (2)

* * *

Waking up like a knife at 4:00 am, Sirone pulled back the blanket and stood up from the bed.

It was still dark, but I could hear the comrades bustling in the hallway.

The sound of life seemed to awaken the stillness of the night and invigorate the body.

After going into the bathroom and washing herself in warm water, Sirone stood in front of the mirror wearing only her underwear.

'Didn't I have to cut my hair?'

When you devote yourself to magic all day long, nothing matters except eating and sleeping.

'This is the start.'

Every time I buttoned up my shirt, it felt like my determination was being reborn.

Aryan Sirone (27th place in the senior class).

Specialization: God particle class of photon magic.

Special note: Immortal function. Vanya. Ataraxia. Elysion. Awareness of time destruction through bombardment of Buddha statue.

'Shall we reduce it one more level?'

Amy pulled the buttons on her skirt as far as she could.

I lost more weight than a year ago, and even though I tucked my blouse inside, it was tight like an ant's waist.

'The second graduation exam.'

Even when she was eliminated last year, she had no idea how to endure a year.

'I did my best.'

Time comes eventually.

When the day finally came, I didn't want to regret it, so the days of desperately training each day finally came to a sense of pleasure.

'Because I couldn't have prepared more perfectly than this.'

However, the odds of success are 1 in 3.

Still glaring at the top of the pyramid, Amy put her headband in her mouth and raised her head.

Karmis Amy (fourth place in the senior class).

Specialty: Fire-type sniper.

Special: Jack O'Lantern. A painter using the spirit's battery. Red-faced self-image backup ability. Enhancing magical power through samadhi.

Fermi, who clicked and buttoned up the sleeves of his suit, looked at himself in the mirror.

I always wore a suit, so there was no awkward feeling.

'I guess I'll have to stop doing business with students this year.'

Since even the golden ring was dismantled, it was a group of people hoping for a big profit from the school.

'I think it's time to leave, mother.'

The money received as a reward for extracting the Valhalla action will be transformed into numerous high-ranking magics and will be presented in the graduation exam.

Fermi winked at himself in the mirror.

“Is it tidy?”

It was time for the big fish that had been crouching under the surface of the school to go out into the big water.

Ardino Fermi (final ranking 1st in senior class).

Major: Eating out.

Special note: Ability to collect magic through trading of depreciation.

“End with this.”

Arin attached the Alpheas Magic School badge to Canis' suit.

As if it had permeated his clothes, Harvest, a magical creature, stood up revealing a shadow.

“Hehe, I thought I was dying waiting. Are you finally going to go to school?”

“You never feel bored.”

“That's what it says. You really have been at this school for over a year. If Arcane had heard, he would have hit the ground and wailed.”

'Master.'

Canis remembered the face of Archmage Arcane, who was an authority on dark magic.

The end wasn't good, but because of him, I was able to get a chance at a new life.

Kanis (12th place in the senior class final).

Major: Physics of dark magic.

Special note: Disciple of Archmage Arcane. Detoxification of the Book of Light and Darkness. Subordinate the Harvest, a magical creature.

“Yes, I will definitely pass. Both of us, both of us.”

Arin smiled at Canis' words.

I didn't know it because she always wore cheap clothes, but she exuded a surprisingly mature beauty in a neat uniform.

"It's nice, Canis."

“You are pretty too. however… … How do you mean you look cool?”

Arin tilted his head and smiled.

"That's a secret."

Arin (ranked 8th in the graduating class).

Specialization: Psychology of Dark Magic.

Special note: Disciple of Archmage Arcane. Detoxification of the Book of Light and Darkness. Extreme mental assimilation ability to grasp the essence of form through menarche.

“Sirone, are you ready?”

Following the knocking sound, Iruki's voice was heard.

"huh. Get out now.”

Iruki and Nade were waiting for me when I opened the door.

“Oh, is it cool?”

It was the first time that Sirone, as well as Iruki and Nade, wore uniforms that conformed to the Association's regulations.

“You too. People look different.”

Certainly, Iruki's face seemed grotesque to others, but now it also seemed like a personality.

“Current time 4:50:32. let's go The time the association opens the long-distance space movement magic circle is only one hour.”

Mercodyne Iruki (5th place in the senior class).

Specialization: Detonation of explosive magic.

Special note: Servant Syndrome. Ultra-fast detonation equation calculation. cancellation. A Nuclear Fusion that fuses the Double Spirit Zone.

"okay."

Sirone left the door and looked back at Nade.

"however… … Are you okay?”

Oscar works at the Creas branch of the Magic Association.

Meeting him at a point where the wounds in his heart had not yet healed was poison to Nade.

"are you okay. It's already over.”

Nade was smiling, but he couldn't hide his bitter expression.

West Nade (21st in final rankings for seniors).

Specialization: Blitz series of electric magic.

Special note: Application of magic engineering to alchemy. Assimilation of mana that can be controlled under certain circumstances.

'Still, I made it to 21st place.'

This was possible because all 5 of the Scramble Royale participants, excluding Anchal, dropped their ranks below Nade.

Also, thanks to this, the rankings of students who were in the lower ranks also resulted in a significant rise.

'It's all jumbled up. To be honest, rankings would be meaningless if this were the case.'

The son-in-law was dark when he arrived at the meeting place, but the location was easily identified as the arriving students turned on the lighting magic.

“Did you come out early?”

Amy came closer, raising her hand.

Sirone and her friends, who were about to greet each other, were unable to speak for a while in an adult atmosphere they had never seen before.

"what? why are you looking at me like that You are the same.”

It was awkward, too, for Amy.

“A conquest call. The president of the Magic Association is also an eccentric.”

Cayden has arrived.

After the ring of gold was dismantled, the only person he spoke to was Amy.

"what? But you... … ?”

Amy looked back at Cayden and pointed at the cross sword she was wearing around her waist.

“Because it is the symbol of the family. You should always wear it.”

Sirone asked.

“But the official document said that you cannot carry any equipment at all. So I'm taking Kubrick too?”

When Cayden lifted the cross sword and cast magic, the blade shone brightly and disappeared.

"alchemy?"

Nade noticed immediately.

“I didn’t use it last year because it was annoying, but now I have a reason to leave school.”

Amy looked at me curiously as Cayden made a cross sword by forging the metal again.

"you're good. When did you learn it?”

“At dawn this morning. Of course it made it easier.”

"it's annoying. Shall I kill you?”

It was Amy who let her thoughts come out of her mouth, but Caden just laughed.

Cross Cayden (26th in the senior class finals).

Specialty: Magic swordsman.

Special: Law of the Red Cross. Unleash 100% potential in all fields through sacrifice.

“Hello, senior!”

Mark's voice roared the stillness of dawn.

"okay. How are you feeling?”

“It is the best. There is no tension at all.”

He acknowledged Mark's aggressiveness he felt on the bridge he couldn't cross, and that's why he would have challenged the graduation exam.

“Okay, let’s work hard. And since it’s senior year, you can omit the title of senior.”

“I know. That is until today. I will beat you in the graduation exam.”

Slider mark (29th in final rankings for seniors).

Major: Earth magic strike class.

Special note: Sade's apprentice. matchmaker. Aggression without taboos.

'Well, there's no way the decision was made without any plan.'

Having nothing to lose was a psychological weapon.

Also, Mark had Maria, who was the only one in his senior year majoring in recovery magic.

“Maria, do your best.”

"thank you. Actually, I'm not... … .”

His docile personality was still the same, but it was different from the previous appearance when he trembled in fear when he activated the engine device of the bridge that he couldn't cross.

"Because I've grown up in the meantime."

Erland Maria (final class 30th place).

Specialty: High-speed activation series of recovery magic.

Special note: Sade's apprentice. Students in the advanced class for the longest period of time, can use advanced magic in each class.

“Dante is coming.”

Everyone turned their heads at someone's words.

The designation was Dante, but it included Sabina and Closer, who transferred together from the Royal Magic School.

Closer, who confirmed the muster place, turned his head.

“… … How was it, Alpheas Magic School?”

Looking at the sky at dawn, Dante recalled the journey of a year and a half.

“At first I found it funny.”

Then, after being defeated by Sirone in 2,000 battles, he waited for the day of reunion to come.

“Because the competition was fiercer than expected.”

It was an average of 3.8 times higher than other prestigious schools.

“Whatever… … I don't think there was anything special about it. It was just as boring.”

Eirhein Dante (second place in the senior class final).

Specialization: Information series of photon magic.

Special note: Olivia's apprentice. Genius information entropy analysis (capable of calculating the information entropy of each individual in a colony of ants). Integrated information processing system Pascal operation.

Boyle rolled his eyes as Dante arrived.

“What is it? You who are so fashion-conscious follow the rules like a knife. Isn’t it scary for the world’s Dante to go to the association?”

Dante scanned Boyle's outfit up and down.

Her hair was neatly combed with pomade and she was wearing a suit that fit her chubby body.

“Originally, not wearing clothes like this is fashion. Shall we call it a face-to-face match?”

Boyle's face turned red as he lost the sword fight.

“Hey, let’s see if I can be confident even after the exam is over. If you think that the number of summons you've shown so far is all, you're mistaken.”

Chris Boyle (#17 Final Ranking, Senior Class).

Specialization: Summoning magical beast class.

Uniqueness: Special affinity for beast species. Has a total of 18 summons.

'Of course.'

Since he was a brilliant player who had maintained first place in the advanced class until Sirone came, he must have been hiding his trumpeted number of summons.

Meanwhile, Mark did not take his eyes off Closer.

'How dare you feed me shit?'

When Dante and the others were just transferred from school, they were beaten by Closer's cowardly move, and they woke up even in their sleep.

'That too in front of Maria.'

Closer caught his gaze and bared his teeth.

“Hey, how are you feeling? The long-awaited graduating class has finally come? Of course, three thousand but.”

“Anyway, it’s on the same ship.”

“Geuk, even if it’s an earth type, you and I are on different levels.”

“Can I tell you a secret? The reason I chose the land type was to defeat you.”

Closer's eyes widened.

“Then I will make a prophecy. The worst dropout in the graduation exam will be you. I will make it.”

Bonifar Closer (final class 15th place).

Major: Earth magic class of earth magic.

Special note: Olivia's disciple. A type of alchemy, capable of shaping earth and sand.

'Ugh, the smell of forage.'

Regardless of the fight between the two fistfighters, Sabina approached Ned as soon as she arrived at the muster.

"hi?"

No one seemed to notice, but only she knew that Nade's mood had subtly changed.

Victor Savina (14th place in the senior class).

Specialization: Blow type of air magic.

Special note: Olivia's apprentice. Aerodynamics can be adjusted using the press series.

---------------------------------------