[574] Almighty Monster (1)

"This… … Nonsense."

It was the defensive magic of Eden that no one in the graduation evaluation, not even the graduation exam, had ever destroyed.

'Didn't he come back as a monster?'

Sirone rushed at Cayden before Hercy had time to make a decision.

“Stop!”

Realizing the moment you shout is impossible.

Since they were defeated by Sirone in Caen, no one in the combined team could harm them.

Jincheon magic-precise wheat.

As the illusion magic of the temple unfolded, the scenery Sirone was looking at changed to lustful.

"what!"

What is conjured up by Gestalt, though not in definite form, is conceivable lewdness.

The dense metaphors that permeate trees, rocks, and even grass defied reason and stung instinct.

“Now! Run away!”

Taking advantage of the split second, Fisho moved a giant spider, grabbed Cayden and Eden, and left.

When the illusion of precision disappeared, Sirone's face was flushed.

The sound of his heart pounding wildly hit the inside of his eardrums.

'Anchal... … .'

It wasn't just that I was messing with my eyes by showing a lowly illusion.

He was a master of stimulating the original psychology of humans using Gestalt, the specialty of illusion wizards.

'It's a pity, but breaking Eden's hand is a great harvest. Because I can earn at least one more day.'

Moreover, since Cayden was also injured, it would be impossible to participate in the match right away.

'I'm going to need to rewrite the board.'

A flash of a muster signal shot up above Sirone's head.

* * *

midnight.

The combined team, which failed in the operation to kill Sirone, gathered at the hideout with sad faces.

Cayden was sitting helplessly with a bandage wrapped around his waist, and Eden was kneeling in the corner of the forest, shedding tears and praying.

“I am disturbed.”

Mounted on a giant spider, Fisho descended from the top of a leafy tree to its trunk.

“I barely collected scrambles. If this is the case, there is a high chance of being pushed back on the 4th day.”

Hersy tutted and clicked her tongue.

After betting Caen on Sirone, all of them were ruined, so an all-out war was impossible for the time being.

'Because the other side will unconditionally hang Kang.'

Collecting only a few scrambles was the only achievement of the day, as it was necessary to prevent the master card from being taken away by attacking with a machine gun.

“How are you going to power off?”

Anchal opened his mouth.

“Kaden is injured. Even if you receive recovery magic through the research members, it will take a day.”

If it wasn't for the illusion magic of Anchal, Cayden and even Eden would have had their Master Card stolen, so it was fortunate that it ended like this.

Hersh said to Anchal.

“Thank you for being alive. This strategy is my mistake. Stopping Sirone's motion with the illusion was effective."

At that time, Anchal was also defeated in Caen and could not harm Sirone.

“Honestly, it was a gamble. Because the definition of harm is ambiguous. However, since they said they allowed secondary traps, I risked disqualification and attempted it.”

'Hmph, it must be true that the experiment has already been completed.'

Nevertheless, the reason Ahnchal is complaining is because of the non-gong peddling after the Scramble Royale.

'If the match is won, the research society in the shadows will confront each other again. Depending on how much you were involved in the victory, the priority of Istas' investigation authority will be determined.'

It is a powerful party with the heads of each research society, but in the end, the limits of the united team existed.

“I can fight.”

Caden said with a frown on his face.

“I don't need recovery magic. Starting tomorrow, I will catch sirone again.”

The obsession was to the point of being desperate.

“No, take the recovery magic. There are still four days left, so there is plenty of room to make up for it.”

“You said you could fight. Such an injury... … .”

“Kaden, this is an order.”

Hercy was Fermi's authorized representative.

“Then I will disobey your order. Even Fermira can’t move me freely.”

Hersey's gaze grew cold.

“I admit it honestly. If Sirone hit you with the magic that destroyed Eden's defenses, he's already dead. His torso must have been blown off, not his ribs.”

'Damn it!'

It was already a defeated field, so it was useless to say anything. Cayden bit his molar as if his jaw would break.

“God, forgive my poor self-indulgence. Give me the teachings of infinite love... … .”

The voice of Eden praying in a trance penetrated the silence.

Hersie, who had been looking at her, turned back to Caden.

"I can't stick to the same strategy unless you stop Syrone's solo."

It wasn't something anyone else could do.

"I'll do it."

Eden came to the end of the prayer before I knew it.

"you?"

“From now on, I will collect white cards again. If we create and protect infinite (○○○○○○) in the shortest time, won’t we win?”

“But you are also broken. Failure is more dangerous.”

"No, it's magic that's broken, not my faith."

“I know how you feel, but… … .”

Eden's eyes widened fiercely.

"you can do it. From now on, I will be different. However, there are conditions.”

“Hmm.”

So far, even if it's a team, it's a competitor in the graduating class after all.

As with the seal of the temple, there must have been a trump card that Eden did not want to reveal.

'Putting conditions means that we will end here.'

Hersy judged so and said.

“Okay, let’s listen first. What are the conditions?”

“If I can keep the infinite hand until the 7th day, give Istas investigation priority.”

Hershey's expression became troubled.

“Hey, no matter what country it is… … .”

“No, I am suggesting it to everyone here. The numbers in the hand are already starting to spread. However, if it were me, I could certainly combine and protect an infinite number of cards. Isn’t that a much better choice than paying the price by losing the game?”

It was clear that if Eden had a really hidden card, the odds of reversal success were high.

'Eden will do his best. It's a matter of religious belief.'

Hersy looked back at everyone and said.

“Don’t vote. However, it cannot be passed unless unanimous. Raise your hand if you agree.”

All the combined teams might have their own calculations, but in the end, they started raising their hands one by one.

'It doesn't matter if your priorities are a little delayed. Because she'll never find it anyway. If you succeed, you will be rewarded, and even if Eden fails, nothing will change. It's better to leave her for now.'

Finally, when Cayden raised his hand, Hersy spoke.

“Okay, winning bid. Stick to Eden's strategy as before. Do it right this time.”

Anchal asked.

“Then who marks Sirone? Even if you don't know how to manipulate time, you always seem to be able to create the strongest combinations.”

This was the biggest problem.

Even if Eden collects Infinite, if Sirone cannot be stopped, it will eventually be a tie, and then the winner will be decided by the hand of the next rank.

Hersy, who was searching for the right person, opened her mouth.

“Frings.”

Cayden was the only battle mage on the team since he was injured.

"No, I'm not going to exclusively mark Sirone."

Frings said, touching his mustache.

“I can't break it. So honest.”

Fishaw said.

“There is definitely a soft side. If you dig into that weakness... … .”

“It’s not soft.”

Hercy's face turned cold as he stared into the darkness.

"little… … It hurts your pride.”

This, too, was as Fermi expected, but in this case it was not pleasant.

- Cayden won't do it alone.

Before Scramble Royale began, Fermi said:

“To stop Sirone, you need a double or triple trap.”

Hersey couldn't understand what he was saying.

“In the first half of the gold ring’s own simulation, it was only about 7th in the final. After all, we are ranked 1st to 5th.”

“It was like that until the first half.”

“Will anything change? Besides, in this scramble royale, Kayden will use a sword. You know, swordsmanship skills?”

Even Fermi acknowledged that.

“Of course, Cayden can subdue Sirone. Without Armand, magicians are weak against physical power.”

“Then what is the problem?”

“But he… … We will eventually find a solution.”

“Didn’t you hate Sirone?”

Fermi laughed.

“I don't hate anyone. It just makes me hate it. Anyway, Sirone doesn't stop. If your growth rate is accelerating, it's safe to assume that you're always ahead of expectations. In short, it is a defensive investment.”

The key to the judgment was that Miro took Sirone with him.

“Then what if Caden doesn’t work?”

Fermi pointed at Hercy with his index finger.

“In that case, do this.”

said Hersy, who had lost her mind.

“Okay, Sirone’s dedicated mark is given up. Instead, Frings, you have work to do.”

“If you can. What is your strategy?”

A cool smile formed on Hersey's lips.

“If you want to come out like an old man… … I have no choice but to attach a real kkondae.”

* * *

The faces of Sirone and the others gathered at the hideout were generally bright.

“Okay, reversed! We'll keep going like this!”

Amy, who joined the team last, was currently the most excited.

While everyone who guessed the reason laughed, Nade turned to Sirone and said.

“It was perfect timing. Because I destroyed more than 10 cards in one blow.”

“I’m a little sorry though. I wanted to drag it until the 4th day so that there was no room for a reversal, but the other side approached me first.”

Iruki said.

“From now on, I will keep an eye out for Kang over there. But it can also be used as a tactic. Anyway, I'm going to keep driving the victory. It destroyed Eden's defenses.”

“It’s a pity that I didn’t get to see her naked, but… … ouch!"

Sabina hit Nade in the back of the head.

While everyone was enjoying the friendly atmosphere, there was one person who was particularly silent, and that was Dorothy.

Iruki asked, knowing that the response had slowed since the 3rd scramble was summoned today.

“Dorothy, what happened?”

"huh? no."

“I want to ask you, why did you retreat so quickly in the third round?”

Dorothy answered in a sensitive voice.

“It was dangerous.”

“I am not blaming you. I trust your judgment. However, if there is a problem, after solving it... … .”

"It's nothing!"

Everyone looked at them in amazement, and Dorothy, realizing her mistake immediately, bowed her head.

“Sorry, sorry. I will sincerely apologize.”

said Amy.

"are you okay. Because if the battle overheats, you can become sensitive.”

Nade helped.

"okay. First of all, take a good rest today and do well tomorrow. You can win.”

After a day's battle, Shirone's team was disbanded, leaving only Iruki to stay.

* * *

Day 4 Scrumble Royale, open.

“The 2nd scramble has been summoned.”

Having already collected six cards, Sirone focused on destroying the opponent's scramble.

The closest coordinates were the forest near the integrated education center.

"depart!"

Since he was winning, Sirone, who was even more excited, ran through the streets in an instant and found a sparkling scramble.

"found!"

At that time, the ground shuddered and an earwig three times larger than a human came up.

'It's a fish!'

-Only participants can collect scrambles.

When the bug that swallowed the scramble turned and ran away, Sirone immediately launched a homing photon cannon.

-However, the location of the scramble may be moved due to factors other than the participants.

This fact has already been confirmed by Dorothy's experiment, and the coordinates of the moved scramble are not recorded on the Master Card.

'We have to catch it before it escapes underground.'

Four of Sirone's homing photon cannons hit trees and the remaining three landed on the insect's carapace.

Key eh eh!

As I screamed and ran toward the crouching insect, soft light began to shine through the cracks in the exoskeleton.

Insect Magic - Bombardment.

A bug that has evolved to have a self-destruct function.

Usually, it is grafted onto small insects, but the current scale was about to fly in a radius of 5 meters.

“Keugh!”

Shards of insects hit Sirone's body.

'It's not an impromptu response. This is an ambush.'

I was sure because I knew the Insect series.

Insect magicians use the 'ecosystem in the head' to induce specific evolution in the egg state.

It would have taken at least two hours to develop the self-destruct function in an insect of this size.

'What are you aiming for?'

Sirone's eyes widened as he expanded the Spirit Zone to find Fisho.

'Is there one more person?'

---------------------------------------