[486] Heaven's Night (4)

“It is impossible.”

Uriel tilted his head.

He proposed to the Archangel of Light, Rayel, to release the stop magic on Kariel, but the answer was surprisingly refused.

"why? If it's your ability, you should be able to do enough to reverse the stopped time.”

Rayel's concept of the source is light.

Manipulating electromagnetic force freely, he was the greatest speed maniac in heaven.

“Should we call it the logic of power?”

Rayel, along with the other three archangels, told the story of the collision with Ikael.

“Ra has banned the activities of the angels, and the archangel Ikael follows the will of Ra. For that reason, I can't release Kariel.”

If Ikael had made such a judgment, there was only one way for Uriel to choose.

“I will activate the white watch.”

Baek Kyung, the highest executive body in heaven.

As the scenery disappeared and the white space filled in, the archangels revealed themselves one after another.

Of course, Kariel, who was under the stop magic, could not come, and this time, the archangel of extinction, Faiel, also did not attend.

The other archangels did not know that it was because the Archangel Ikael, the highest authority in Heaven, had arrived.

“Uriel, why did you activate the white watch?”

Ikael's eyes were more authoritative than ever when he convinced the archangel of the 4 great powers with the logic of power.

“Kariel fell under human magic. As it is a wartime situation, I want to borrow Rayel's strength.”

Ikael thought for a moment before opening his mouth.

“I allow it.”

The eyes of the archangels were simultaneously focused on Ikael.

“Are you okay? Kariel's rebellion consequently dispersed Heaven's power. You will have to take responsibility for that.”

“Winning the war comes first.”

The archangels shut up.

The activities of the ordinary angels were banned by Ra, and the resistance of humans was much stronger than expected.

Of course, I still don't think I'll lose, but it was a shame to even think that way.

'Why did the angel named Ra ban the activities?'

It was a fact that even the archangels who dealt with the concept of the source could not know.

“Mirka is dead.”

Methiel, the archangel of union, said.

With her hair as thin as gold threads hanging down from side to side, she displayed an expression of anger that her beautiful face could not produce.

“Sirone, this is the work of the Nephilim.”

When a boy's name appeared, the eyes on Ikael sharpened again.

Fairy 2nd class Mirka.

The case of her death, which is equivalent to the highest adult in the internal government, quickly spread throughout Heaven, and Sirone became the enemy of many fairies.

“Is it that strong, only the Nephilim?”

Satiel, the archangel of disintegration, said.

Although they resembled Methiel like twins in appearance, they had a violent temperament that anyone could tell them apart.

Sensing her energy, the astral bodies of the archangels all lit up at once.

If this place hadn't been the white view of the unification of all things, all matter around it would have been disintegrated into particles.

Ikael, having read the archangels' complaints, said:

“I should have already said that I would take over Sirone.”

Metatron opened his mouth.

“That's the problem. Why are you obsessed with the Nephilim? Maybe that boy... … .”

As Metatron's words cut off, silence fell over the White Watch.

Even the archangel, who had nothing to fear in the world, did not dare to speak out.

Metatron's mouth disappeared.

There was nothing below the nose, as if it had been covered with skin.

There is one case where this is possible.

Anchera.

The archangels just rolled their eyes at the first act of his will.

In fact, the question that Metatron came up with was also the question of all the archangels, but you shouldn't pay attention now.

'Alternatively, Ra... … .'

The obliteration of the original concept causes too much change no matter how much the Akashic Records dominate.

That's why only the mouth was made to disappear, but the will was conveyed that if it went against the planting even a little, it would be erased.

'Yeah, there's something. What is my relationship with Sirone?'

Ikael felt Ra's will as well, but any further interest was poison.

If Ra had already made up his mind before he lost his memory and had Ra reinstated him, following his will at the time was the clearest solution.

“I will kill Sirone.”

Ikael's declaration weighed down the white whale with a great sense of intimidation.

“As you can see, Ra's will is firm. The activities of ordinary angels are prohibited. However, archangel level is allowed to protect Arabot. This is my conclusion. I will vote from now on.”

As expected, the results were unanimous.

* * *

The head of Miro, who was sitting cross-legged in a deep cave and closed her eyes, began to glow brightly.

As Archangel Rayel released the stop on Kariel, the 0.1 second remaining until the explosion began to decrease again.

0.09 seconds. 0.08 seconds… … .

And now, in Miro's mother's mind, her incarnation and Arius were destroying the magic circle with all their might.

“Connected!”

Arius correctly connected the cerebral nerves in the labyrinth even when he was blind.

This was only possible because he was able to use microscopic space among scale magics.

When the line of light extended and succeeded in bypassing the circuit blocked by Kariel's magic circle, the magic circle suddenly vibrated as if it would cause an explosion.

The incarnation of Miro bit her lips with a dismayed expression.

'Is it already too late?'

It was unpredictable because it was impossible to know how much the time differed from the real time.

Miro activated the Spirit Zone through the circuit that Arius bypassed.

Immediately after casting the scale magic, the magic circle began to shrink at a tremendous speed.

The only thing you can tell when you feel the detonation effect of the magic circle is that you can't match it in time.

'no. If it explodes in this state, the damage is too great.'

It's not like my head would explode because I reduced the scale, but I guess about 15% of my brain was damaged and I couldn't exert my full strength.

“Arius!”

"yes!"

Arius, who spread both hands and emits light, turned his head and shouted.

At the same time, Miro ran and threw the magic circle, which had become as small as a fingernail, into his mouth.

"eat!"

Since everything here is the spirit of the labyrinth, if an explosion occurs here, the damage goes to the labyrinth.

However, Arius is a foreign substance that entered Miro's thoughts.

Therefore, the impact is mitigated by putting a foreign material in the foreign material.

“Ouch!”

Arius, who swallowed the magic circle, looked at the laughing maze in amazement.

“Hehe, isn’t it better for your heart to suffer than for my head?”

'iced coffee.'

Arius wept.

'beautiful. It's so lovely.'

pop!

As Arius's body shuddered, an explosion occurred on the ship.

At the same time, the maze of reality bounced aside as if it had been hit by something in a cross-legged state.

“Oh, it’s the head!”

It was an explosion that came in through shock offset, so his brain was safe, but smoke was rising from Arius's mouth as he escaped through the door.

"are you okay?"

Arius, who was holding his stomach while sighing, nodded with a pitiful expression.

“Yes, it is fine.”

There can be no personal sorrow for the sacred Miro.

Also, even in the wizard's judgment, if one of the two had to suffer, it was right for him to suffer.

'ah… … Mr. Miro.'

Arius, who suddenly realized, lowered his head.

The impression that she cared for his safety made him forget even for a moment the pain of his internal organs being overturned.

“Dear Miro.”

"huh?"

“If I could love you, I would do anything. Give me a chance... … .”

"do you want to die?"

“I’m sorry!”

Feeling the pressure of the absolute, Arius, who came to his senses, hurriedly lowered his head.

Arius, the only human who has reached Miro's mother's mind, knows.

What was her trauma that she found in the temple of Dremo.

'As expected, you... … .'

While Arius was lost in his thoughts, the labyrinth went out of the cave.

The sun was setting and the moon was rising.

'I can use magic, but the barrier of time and space is broken, so I can't stop the war alone.'

“What are you going to do next?”

Arius asked with a guilty expression, and Miro looked back with a beautiful smile.

“What should I do? Heaven must be explored.”

It wasn't a maze to miss an opportunity like this.

* * *

The war, which broke out early in the morning, did not enter a lull until around midnight.

Small-scale local warfare was still taking place in each district of Heaven, but it was not as fierce as during the day.

To summarize the first day's battle, it is safe to say that it was a one-sided victory for the rebels.

From the 1st thousand to the 6th thousand, the distance of movement of the rebels who broke through the Outer Gate from all sides and advanced to Arabot was such that when Heaven was divided into three concentric circles, they would fit within the second concentric circle.

The rebel command, currently commanded by Crude, was preparing for tomorrow by establishing an advance base in the middle of Matei, the 5th Heaven.

The son-in-law was silent, as if everyone was asleep, but everyone was lost in their own thoughts except for those who had fainted from exhaustion.

It was the same with Kanya and Lena, who belonged to the headquarters.

It was natural for them to see their parents' faces shimmering in the stars as they sat side by side.

Instead of shedding a tear, Lena leaned her shoulder on Kanya.

He still had a family to rely on, so even expressing his sorrow was not polite to the other rebels.

Chiing. Chiing.

Kanya's face crumpled as she heard a calming metallic sound.

After patrolling the garrison according to the program, Babel was returning.

When not on duty, she is programmed to take care of Kanya and Lena.

It's a part where you can feel Sirone's consideration, but I thought it was even more terrible for Kanya.

enemies of parents.

To have to fight alongside a machine that penetrated his father's torso.

“Applying the Syrone Algorithm. Protect Kanya and Lena. Mission accomplished.”

"shut up."

The moment she heard Babel's mechanical voice, Kanya's patience snapped.

“Shut up!”

“The log is set to open.”

"Log? Are there any logs that killed my father?”

“Search complete. Data number 0342-24-6-46.”

“Shut up!”

Babel, who read the abnormal wavelength in Kanya's voice, switched to emergency mode and muted it.

“What do you know? do you have a family Do you feel the pain?"

Babel was silent.

It was the judgment with the best result among the many data she could choose from.

"Answer me. Tell me how you can be in the most pain!”

“I understand the pain. But there is no neural mechanism for feeling pain.”

Kanya gave a lively smile.

"okay? wait and see i will definitely find it When the war is over, I will destroy you in front of everyone's eyes, horribly, humiliatingly, in the most scornful way in the world!”

Babel answered after a while.

“When the war is over, I will pay the price.”

As Kanya gritted her teeth and turned around, she heard the commander's voice.

“Don't get excited. I will save even that anger and pour it out tomorrow.”

“Commander.”

Kanya and Lena stood up at the same time and saluted.

“I can’t seem to sleep. Well, is it normal?”

Tomorrow, all the rebels will try to enter Arabbot, the center of Heaven.

No one wants to save their lives.

Maybe the month I see now could be the last month, so sleep wasn't an important issue.

“Commander, at this time… … .”

Crude laughed bitterly.

“I can’t sleep either. But it's good to keep an eye on it for a bit. We are going to win, not to die.”

Kanya nodded coldly.

He knew what it meant when he left out the word "you can live" in Crude's words.

Chiing!

Babel's eyes suddenly lit up.

The red laser quickly scanned the front and immediately identified the behavior winner and reported it.

“Creature appeared 600 meters ahead. Thermal sensor operation. Body temperature 40.1 degrees. Target classification ally. name. Ravid Flu.”

---------------------------------------