[719] The Key to Liberation (3)

* * *

Labyrinth Jessica.

In the city of giants, which is divided into the final 10-level realms, Jin Seong-eum arrived before the 6-step boundary line.

It was a result that the top organizations could not achieve even after 10 years of preparation, and the pride of the 200 Volcano Expeditions who preoccupied this place in advance was hurt.

“Open the siege! Don't give me the excuse to fight back!"

Jessica, one of the three great labyrinths in the world, has the best exploration record of mankind, and their skills were by far the best in the industry.

"princess! danger… … Keugh!”

Sambo's crew members were scattered in all directions by the heat flash cannon that fell from the sky.

'damn! An ancient weapon!'

The shoulder armor Volcano is equipped with is an ancient weapon called Kit, which outputs a thermal flash cannon from the lens in the center.

'What's more annoying is the gravitational collapse.'

Up to 100 members of the Volcano flew in the sky and fired artillery fire, devastating the Daeja area.

'I need to find the princess! I must protect it!'

The ancient weapons buried here were not primitive technologies like Cigna or XD used by Heaven's subjects.

Mungyeong's heart fluttered in a situation where phenomena that could not be realized with modern technology threatened Seongeum.

He is evaluated as having the best fighting power among the candidates for the Ivory Tower, but he lacks actual combat experience.

It was unclear whether she would be able to withstand the flying pros, who had spent most of her life in the imperial castle.

"princess!"

Mungyeong, who advanced through the haze, found Seongeum standing alone in the middle of Volcano's enemy lines.

'Sometimes until there... … ?'

It was clear that he had jumped in on his own, and it was a failure.

“Now! Put an end to it!”

Mungyeong was dizzy to the point of losing her mind when 200 crew members flew into the sky all at once and fired ten flash cannons at Seongeum.

'no! That... … !'

Mungyeong, who had been following Seongeum all her life even from a distance, knew that she had never encountered an attack faster than her senses.

"finished!"

At the same time as the Volcano executive shouted, a quiet light shimmered in Seongeum's eyes.

Ether Wave - Daenagok.

“I-what is that?”

Like an object moving along a rail, the flashes naturally bent and then rotated around the voice.

Seongeum quietly raised one corner of her mouth.

“… … I’ll give you two steps.”

When I held out my two hands, all the flashes that had been swirling in a grand way gathered between my palms.

The scenery of the world was distorted as if a skein of thread was tangled, and at last it shimmered with natural colors.

"Ahhh."

In the tangle of spaces that cannot be analyzed by the human mind, Mungyeong felt like she had lost even the direction of her life.

'That's it... … The second step of the princess's true voice.'

will never get in

'No, anyone but me is the same. It is not an area where humans can set foot.'

“The shaking of Daenagok.”

As Sungyin opened her arms, the heat flash cannon particles began to seep into the landscape like osmosis.

“Blood, avoid!”

Volcano's leader shouted, but the members, including him, already had a hunch.

'can not avoid.'

This is because there is no directionality in the vocal space.

“Gagging!”

As the powerful heat hit the sky, the 200 crew members evaporated in an instant without leaving a single drop of blood.

"I'll have to keep one person alive."

Seong-eum held out her hand to the leader who lost control of the kit and was flying around.

Jumping over the space, holding on to his ankles and dragging him down, the leader's body slammed into the ground at tremendous speed.

“Aaaaaagh!”

Seong-eum approached him wriggling with a broken leg and asked, hiding his expression.

“Tell me everything you know.”

The leader glared at her with bloody tears.

* * *

Labyrinth Pytharos.

In the labyrinth where the seven laws of sin are layered with different densities, Nane arrived at the last layer.

"hungry! hungry! hungry!"

Hearing the clamor of the ghosts, any human would go crazy... … .

'Why do we suffer?'

They too were once human.

'If an equivalent exchange between pain and happiness is impossible, isn't there a reason why it should exist in the first place?'

Nane never walked fast, but reached the end of the labyrinth before any other candidates.

The gateway to extinction, the only exit for Pytharos.

The moment you cross that door, time will stop and only the continuation of eternal nothingness will remain.

“Take us too! Please put an end to the suffering of this poor being! please!"

Even so, countless hungry ghosts crawled across the floor, bowed their heads at Nane's feet, and begged.

They also knew what kind of existence Nane was because they had experienced all seven levels of hell and came down.

“Poor middle school student… … .”

Nane looked at the ghosts with pitying eyes.

“Are you human?”

The masters of the other side of the world guarding the gates of extinction slammed the iron plate with their giant feet and approached.

Horns sprouted arbitrarily like vines, and the flesh of the muscles gleamed reddish, as if inciting the lust of hungry demons.

“Amazing. He has gone through all seven hells and still hasn't lost himself.”

Nane held out his hand and gave the order.

“Demons, open the door and save sentient beings.”

Passing through the gates of extinction and entering the world of nothingness was the last rest left for the ghosts.

“This door was not made by you guys.”

Demons approached, snorting flames.

“But wasn’t this hell created by you guys?”

The ghosts fled in fright, and dozens of demons surrounded Nane.

“There is no exit for you guys. You, too, die here for eternity and become a ghost.”

Nane raised her hand and curled her index finger and thumb.

“Destroy demons to save sentient beings.”

The sword tattoo on Nane's tongue burned with golden light, and numerous swords of light floated around.

Sermon - the tongue of truth.

You are almost right.

That's why the sound he makes by moving his tongue, which has a Kar value of 99.999%, soon becomes the truth.

“Color immediately ball, ball instant color.”

The sword of light manifested through sword painting pierces the essence of the opponent with the same intensity as the enlightenment gained through Seon dialogue.

“Kuaaaaa!”

As the sword of light radiated in all directions penetrated the demon, the red skin instantly burned to ashes.

“If you close your eyes, the end is the boundary between being and nothingness.”

You are almost right.

“Follow me, poor people.”

When Nane opened the gateway to extinction, a space of black darkness without sound or feeling was revealed.

"excuse me… … Seeker.”

The ghosts who followed, shedding tears of overwhelming emotion, knelt at the same time and called out to Nane.

“If you go inside, everything disappears, right?”

"Yes. It is liberation from the pain of existence.”

The hungry demons put their hands together and begged.

“If this is the end anyway, could you please let me taste the meat one more time? Because it's the last... … .”

There was sadness in Nane's eyes.

'Obsession. An obsession with life.'

The gap between the momentary memory left behind after pleasure and the sensory void that seems to have never happened is the karma of living things.

'Is it impossible to quit?'

Realizing that the demons would not be able to cross the door, Nane sat down and held out her hand.

“Eat.”

Preta, who had already been drooling, trembled and bit Nane's fingers.

“Oh, because it’s over anyway. Because this is the last... … .”

All the hungry demons rushed at me and began brutally biting Nane's body.

"delicious! delicious! After all, this is the best!”

The hungry ghosts quickly digested Nane's body, and when they had nothing to eat, they scratched the scruff of their necks with their nails.

“Bae, hungry! I want to eat more! hungry!"

No one jumped through the gates of extinction.

'With this, I give everything and leave.'

Nane, who lost her physical body in the other side world, crossed the gate of extinction in the state of her mental body.

What awaits him in a realm without time or space is the only thing that can be born out of nothing.

It was Ra Enemy who dreamed of this world.

“… … .”

He reincarnated in human form, but had no muscles attached, was blind, and had a crushed nose.

I can't speak, I can't hear

In such a withered body, La Enemy, which exists as a past event, came into Nane's memory.

“Do you resent me?”

La Enemy had a beautiful smile.

“Anyone can dream.”

Even if it's not Ra Enemy, someone will dream, and if that's all the world we live in, nothing will change.

"so… … What did you realize?”

I hesitated for a moment.

It was a thought close to an eternity for him, who thought quickly enough to stop time.

"only one."

Nane raised her index finger and said.

“Empty.”

* * *

Labyrinth Andre - World No. 9999.

The buildings soaring into the sky were made of neither stone nor iron.

It was a world where not a single speck of dust floated in the air, and a perfect power grid was built where light came in even though there were no wires.

"also… … No one is awake.”

According to the information obtained through the Ultima system, this place was in the far future than where Sirone lived.

After several days of searching, it was found that all humans in this world were enclosed in man-sized glass tubes.

'They're either dead or asleep.'

While I was deep in thought, a small sphere flew silently from the sky, opened in the middle, and the lens popped out.

Lasers scanned Sirone's retinas, and voices came from the speakers on the side.

- Explore non-hibernating objects. Code could not be retrieved. Hazard class zero. Are you going to reincarnate?

Sirone asked happily.

“Are you human? Where is this? Where can I meet people who are awake?”

The sphere tilted at a crooked angle.

- Presumed to be temporary memory loss due to stress after death. Would you like an overhaul at the center?

“Overhaul? But I don't like memory loss... … .”

Shirone stopped talking and nodded.

“Okay, I’ll get tested. Anywhere is fine, so please take me to a place where I can talk to people.”

-Move the non-registration code to the center.

Hundreds of identical spheres flew from the other side of the building and wrapped around Sirone's limbs and waist.

"what?"

Sirone's body floated up and was quickly flown through the sky by the spherical drones.

- Arrived at the center.

Turning gracefully, the drones carried Sirone to the first floor of the tallest tower in the city.

- We are going to conduct a detailed inspection. Standby time 3 minutes 2 seconds.

Arriving at the room, Sirone looked around, but there was only a row of mechanical devices for people to lie down on.

"wait for a sec! Is anyone really awake?”

Sirone shouted in frustration, but the sphere's drone didn't respond and left the room.

“What are you asking me to do in a place like this?”

-Please lie down on table number 1.

I heard a voice from the ceiling, but I knew it wasn't human anymore.

'I'll have to look into it myself.'

As Sirone tried to leave the room, another drone flew in and blocked her way.

“I’m sorry, just let me go. I'm not amnesia... … .”

Light was shot from the lower lens of the drone that was watching Sirone, and a hologram appeared.

“Amy?”

It was Amy who had nothing missing in her features.

-hello. This is Administrator Argo.

---------------------------------------