[183] ​​4. Reversal of the Law (4)

“Shall I go in?”

"no. Nor uses the ability of nature affinity. It is at a disadvantage in confined spaces. They know that, so they're luring us in.”

The captain shouted so that the cave reverberated with schema's ability.

“If you don’t come out right away, you will be in trouble! I will count to three!”

The men took out their bows and loaded their arrows.

It's not an arrow that causes an explosion like an arc, but an arrow that flies with schema's brawn can pierce even rocks. If you are in a cave, you will end up being full of holes without even a chance to escape.

"one!"

The cave was silent.

"two!"

The captain's expression distorted. Did he decide to die?

The only way the Norse could try was to block the cave using the magic of the earth. However, such a stopgap measure could not last long, and it was like eliminating the retreat itself.

"three!"

A red dot appeared between the chief's forehead.

When something burst out of the cave, the captain drew his sword with superhuman reflexes and covered his face.

But by the time I realized what had been blocked, the projectile was already exploding.

“Damn it… … !”

With a roar, a ball of fire engulfed the captain.

The aftermath of the fire reached even the subordinates, and the frightened horses ran amok.

At that moment, Sirone and the others came out of the cave.

The captain, who fell off his horse, glared at them with a body rising from smoke. He stood up as he planted his sword on the floor and looked back at the confused displays and shouted.

“I am with the Meccans! Don't miss it!”

Since I was chasing the Norse, I never dreamed that there would be a Mecca.

Sirone aimed at that blind spot.

The prediction was right. Kanya and Lena waited for the pursuers to approach through drones and fired an arc at the right time to create an opportunity to escape.

“The number of enemies is high! Find the narrow road!”

At Sirone's words, Kanya checked the terrain with her drone and turned.

The pursuers who saw through the strategy fired their bows.

Even though it was shot directly from a distance of 100 meters, it did not lose speed and passed by Sirone and the others.

Clove turned around annoyed.

“I’ll buy you time!”

"no! Just run!”

“You have to pay back one blow to save Norr’s face!”

Clove plunged her hand into the shallow water and cast an ancient magic shaving.

As the stream water froze, it began to bleach white.

Hard!

The sound of hardening water spread through the valley and columns rose above the frozen surface, similar to those seen in the cave.

Sirone watched the scene even while running.

The scale of ancient magic that borrowed the power of nature was much larger than expected. The water in the creek froze, and so many pillars obscured my view that I couldn't advance on my horse.

There was a bang and the sound of ice breaking.

The group's faces darkened. The pursuers who had given up on their horses were running towards them, bursting ice pillars with knives and fists.

“Did Norr and Mecca hold hands? They are lowly heretics!”

Kanya shouted while aiming the arc.

“We are subjects! There is no reason for you, fellow subjects, to get involved in the law!”

As soon as I let go of the handle, Ark's projectiles rushed in.

A warrior with a longsword cut the projectile in half. A moment later, two fireballs exploded from behind.

“Those who break the law will be beheaded! We are the first subjects chosen by God!”

The Kergo chasers raised their weapons and let out a roar.

It was a completely different look from the Kergo civilization he had seen in the original world. Luxurious armor and extravagant accessories. They were aristocrats of the Shinmin faction.

Sirone ran to Kanya's side and asked.

“Why are they doing that? Why do you fight like this even though you are the same subject?”

“It’s a heresy hunt. They are the most faithful race among the subjects. As such, they are arrogant and warlike towards other subjects. There is nothing good about being entangled.”

Sirone shut his mouth. already properly entangled.

“They are irritating, but they are strong because they use the powers of giants. Purgatory is an extraterrestrial theocracy, so anything can be done. If I get caught, I won't kill you gracefully.”

The distance between the pursuers was getting shorter and shorter.

It was because everyone was operating the schema, and Sirone and the others even had an injured person called Gardlock.

Gadlock shouted at Clove.

“Clove! Let's cast Aeos!”

“It's dangerous! Master is injured!”

“Anyway, everyone will die! Hey, we'll fall first!”

Gadlock cast the wind magic, Aeos. As Gardlock floated up, Clove flew up with the same magic.

Sirone remembered fly magic from Aios. If it was a similar device, it would be difficult to balance the atmosphere in a narrow valley.

As expected, the higher they climbed, the more they swayed. It was a situation where it looked like it would crash into a cliff at any moment.

Without them, there is no way to get to Norr's shelter. Feeling the need to save it, Sirone told his friends.

-Take one person at a time! Let's go teleport!

Canis wanted to use the Dark Fort, but four wizards had to move two mechas and two swordsmen, so he had no choice but to use photonization magic.

Amy caught Tess, and Sirone caught Lian. Kanis and Arin also grabbed Kanya and Lena's hands, respectively.

In the meantime, the pursuing party had reached a close distance.

Kergoin in the lead raised her sword from her horse. A silver longsword fell like lightning toward Sirone's head.

At that moment, the bodies of Sirone and the others turned into flashes of light and surged up.

Gardlock and Clove almost lost their magic.

It's not enough to make light, so it turns into light. Besides, moving the Meccans at the same time was unimaginable in heaven.

At least by human standards.

“Uh, how can you use light magic without borrowing the power of nature?”

Ancient magic must borrow the power of attributes. The most difficult of these was the light.

Light is a weak and widespread force. Therefore, even if it is an ancient magic that borrows the power of nature, it is difficult to focus the light.

The only time a Norse could cast light magic was when there was a Shining Spot, a place where light gathers.

Clove was distraught.

Shirone and the others, who caught up to the height in an instant by teleportation, were completely different from the insignificant and incompetent imitations they thought they were.

Even when I saw Sirone's Shining Magic, I thought it was just moving light from a Shining Spot somewhere. But they produce light from their bodies.

And as far as he knew, there was only one Aspect other than Ra who handled light in Heaven.

Arin, who read the emotions of the Norse, relayed them to the spirit channel.

-The Norse don't know teleportation magic.

said Amy with a snort.

-joy! Isn't it obvious? The photonization theory is one of the greatest discoveries in the history of magic, even in our own world. If you look down on the geniuses of the earth country, you will get hurt.

Amy was proud of being born in the country of the land.

However, Kergo of the Sky was also a formidable opponent. It was running vertically up the cliff using external gravity.

Amy lay flat and landed a fire strike.

The pursuit team, which caught the spear of flames, was divided into left and right sides. After making a big detour around the cliff, they increased their speed and closed the distance with Sirone and the others.

- Chet! You're so tenacious!

- I'll try.

Arin extended her tentacles and attempted mind control.

Most of the pursuers resisted, but one was caught. As the warrior dominated by Arin swung his sword at his comrades, the pursuit line broke.

“These stupid bastards!”

The captain watching from the bottom of the cliff twisted his nose. Then he took a deep breath and roared towards the cliff.

It was howling, a schema technique.

“Ooooooooooo!”

As the reverberation of the howling spread along the cliff hit the minds of the wizards, the Norse Aios broke free.

Sirone showed concentration and endured. It was a technique that shook the mind itself, like Etela's perm roar.

Sirone cast teleportation on the falling guard lock. As soon as he grabbed hold of his body, Amy flew in and grabbed Clove by the ankle.

Inertia was initialized by casting photonization magic. As Sirone sat down with Lian and Gadlock, his friends arrived on the ground one after another.

"damn! Howling is always a problem. Nor is it compatible with Kergo.”

Gadlock, who lost his face, made an excuse. Come to think of it, it seemed that master and disciple were not different at all.

Then, all of a sudden, I was curious. Even though they were subjected to the same howling, they couldn't figure out why Sirone and the others were fine.

“Hey, why are you all okay?”

Sometimes asking innocently is more irritating. Kanis spoke bluntly with such feelings in mind.

“Can you be okay? My head will ring to death.”

“But how did you cast your magic?”

“I am just observing. If you're at this level of shaking, don't go anywhere and call me a wizard.”

Unlike the Norse, who borrows the power of nature, the land's magic is manifested in a state of combining omniscience and omnipotence. It cannot be denied that it is a trickier method than ancient magic.

However, that inefficiently refined concentration actually had the effect of strengthening their mental powers.

Also, there were many people with special abilities in Sirone's party.

For Arin, who specializes in mental power, mental defense was her major, and Amy was immune at all thanks to her Hongan ability. In addition, Shirone possessed the mental power of an adamantine Buddha, said to be equivalent to the effect of Hong's face, in terms of her durability alone.

Clove landed face down in the creek. Then he stood up and looked back at Amy with an angry expression.

"you! Do you dare to put me down?”

I couldn't tolerate Amy's arrogance any longer. Her temper was nasty, but it also had its own charm, so I endured it, and something like imitation was climbing all the way to her head.

“Never let go… … !”

Clove felt a chill and stopped talking.

Amy's eyes were shining red. She also felt her ghostly chill in her expression as she glared at her pursuers.

Amy said without even looking away.

“Don't touch me during battle. I'll accept the foolishness later."

Clove slowly turned his head. The Kergo chasers were approaching with their eyes shining like wild beasts.

Clove's face turned to tears.

"done. we'll get caught And you will be tortured until you die... … .”

“Don’t interfere with the plan and come in if you’re not going to fight.”

Even if you win in momentum, what do you want to do because you are weak when the charter is at a disadvantage?

As Amy grabbed Clove's hind legs and pulled her back, Clove's legs were weak and she landed on her buttock.

This time, he asked Amy, not caring whether Guard Rock was in the spirit of taking care of his disciples.

“Is there any way?”

“I can’t be sure, but I think I managed to make it on time somehow. Sirone, are you done?”

"huh. It was close.”

Gadlock tilted his head and asked again.

"What are you talking about? What ends?”

Sirone looked up at the sky. His spirit zone reached the sky in a curved form from the target type in all directions. Because it was a unique shape, it took quite a while to transform.

Sirone cast photonization magic on everyone without touching them. It was mass teleport, a magic that he realized at the cost of risking his life on the cliff of an impassable bridge.

“Hurry up! I intend to run away again!”

The captain of the chasing party charged his men. Then he took a deep breath and let out a howl.

A roar swept over Sirone and the others. Gardlock and Clove frowned, but the Diamond Buddha did not waver. Compared to Marsha's sonic cannon, it wasn't even noise.

Sirone calmly watched the captain as if to destroy the enemy's fighting spirit, then cast a mass teleport.

A massive flash of light swept the party and carried them to the top of the cliff where the Spirit Zone touched.

"shit! Howling doesn’t work!”

The captain of the pursuit party gnashed his teeth with a huff.

---------------------------------------