City of Magic Engineering (4)

Demon races are those born from low-quality demons and are equivalent to demon beasts in hell.

However, because of his savage personality and some intelligence, there were times when he attacked cities.

'In reality, it's about a monkey.' Sirone did not even dream that the attacker was actually a monkey.

'Let's stop worrying. They'll be caught soon.'

Following Satan's adage that there are no enemies in Hell, the gates of Laviette were poorly secured.

However, the city's military power was truly formidable, and the officials in particular were comparable to the armies of Hell.

'This is the town of magic engineering.'

Arriving at a street lined with numerous shops, Sirone entered a two-story building.

"hello."

The purple-skinned woman who was sorting things out on the shelf turned her head.

"welcome. long-term specialty stores… … huh?"

After examining the customer's appearance, she flew to the counter flapping her bat wings.

"How old are you?" Sirone made up her age based on what she knew from Ultima.

“I am 102 years old.”

“Hey, are you too young? But they all come to these places. Are you Ji Seongjong? Where were you born?”

“On the fire of ambition. Isn’t your sister Ji-seong’s servant too?”

Demons inherit certain characteristics of Satan, and the intelligent species were the most intelligent type among them.

Archduke Magritte was also an intelligent species, and his appearance changed according to his age.

"Ho Ho! At one time, I even took the management exam. Of course, I failed now and am here.”

"yes."

Sirone answered casually and handed over the list.

“I want to buy something, please give me everything here. I'll do the math with death.”

Cash was good because the archduke's credit card would leave a record.

“I have seen it somewhere. don't worry. Because none of the items here are stolen. what?"

The owner's eyes sparkled as he checked the list.

“Are you going to buy a heart? This is a very difficult institution. you… … Are you able to handle it?”

"sure. I even won a prize in a contest sponsored by a chemical company. I’m buying this with prize money.”

Of course it was a lie.

“… … OK got it. hang on. First of all, 2 hearts of witches burned at the stake, and 1 heart drowned in icy water.”

Depending on the emotion right before death, the function of the heart could be used differently.

She packed everything into one big box and put it on the counter with a thump.

“700,000 deaths in all. By the way, what kind of tournament gives out so much prize money?”

“It's a secret.”

There was nothing I couldn't do if I made it up, but if I put it this way, I would think for myself.

“No way, did you get a scouting offer from the chemical company? You must be really smart.”

“What is that?”

Sirone checked the quantity and condition first.

“Death will earn a lot. That's good. Because I’m working hard to earn that too.”

She rested her chin on her chin, lost in thought. Suddenly, she furrowed her brow and punched you with Shiro.

"ouch! Why are you hitting me?”

“Your child has already been torn apart. Since ancient times, if you are Ji Sung-jong, you must dream big. Do you pass the management exam and enter the chemical industry without thinking of leading hell?”

Sirone hugged the box and pursed her lips.

“What does your sister have to do with it?”

I deliberately made a childish appearance because I didn't know if I was going to be able to do it.

“Ha, yes. What can I say to my subject. I also once dreamed of becoming a title. It's the Yeongji that bears my name. In that sense, Laviette is really cool. Not only the grand duke's aesthetic sense, but functionally... …

It seemed like a lullaby was about to begin, but her eyes were filled with life.

“But Yahweh, they said that the abominable man had come. Did you hear that too?”

"yes? Ah yes. I heard you.”

“He’s not cool even if I tear him to death. I want to be skinned alive. If you could hear that wormy human scream, you could do anything.”

It was a situation where there was a mouth but nothing to say.

“Why do you hate Yahweh so much?”

"huh?"

“No, I know you hate Yahweh, but it's not this year. It's strange, to hate someone from the moment they were born.”

The owner tilted his head.

'They say that in a very intelligent species, the rationality transcends the original sex, and this child seems to be the same.'

Archduke Magritte was a representative example.

“Because I hate you. I never really thought about it, but maybe we were Yahweh. She chuckled as she rested her chin on her chin.

“Is it because I love you too much?”

After hearing the unexpected answer, Sirone did not respond, so she continued.

“I really don’t know. Just look at the color of the hatred I feel... … It feels close to betrayal.”

“Feeling betrayed.”

“Just how to put it, humanly speaking, what does it feel like to see your beloved partner sleeping with someone else? Doesn’t that usually make people almost crazy?”

It was an inference that was possible because she was also an intelligent species.

“The moment of birth, the incident itself must act as a kind of betrayal to us. That's why I want to tear him to death, and I want him to be unconditionally unhappy... …

The owner's expression softened for a moment, but soon the burning flesh of my eyes dwelled in both eyes.

“I will kill you! I'm going to open my stomach, take out all my intestines, and chew them in front of you! You son of a dog!” She calmed her excitement and handed her the change.

“Anyway, don’t forget. Yahweh is our main enemy. You seem to be outstanding, so I hope you become a manager instead of a painter. You could even aim for the title of duke.”

"thank you."

After taking the death note, Sirone bowed her head to the owner and left the store.

'It's a feeling of betrayal.'

The steps toward the laboratory were heavy.

That night, in the Laviette barracks.

The temporary barracks seemed to have been built by randomly kneading the intestines of creatures.

In a space with such terrible activity, 7 demons were sitting around a round table.

Raviette 7th General.

The current rank is chief of the peace, but they were veterans who had assisted the grand duke 100 million years ago.

“I missed it after all. She searched the city but could not find the woman. She is a kind of ability.”

Son Yu-jeong was hiding in the city.

“I received a report that Yahweh had entered two days ago. I was allowed to pass through once, but there is no record of leaving the castle so far. If it must be in the city, wouldn’t it have something to do with this incident?”

“Well, maybe the two of you have hooked up by now. Whatever you do, I can't wait. I will report to the Grand Duke and ask him to delegate full authority.”

“Isn’t that a bit embarrassing? How do you say that the 7 generals who occupied countless territories failed to capture just one?”

“If you are really Yahweh's colleague, the matter is serious. Besides, the woman is quite strong. As a result of checking the video recorded on the black box, the speed at the moment she hit the castle gate exceeded Mach.”

A moment of silence ensued.

“… … Then who reports?”

“I will.”

Executioner Ithaca.

It was a woman with pitch-black hair long enough to fill the floor like a shadow.

“And from tomorrow, security will be strengthened. Reinforce the gate guards by more than 20 times the usual.”

“That's up to you to decide, but the way you give orders is unpleasant. There is no reason for us to follow your orders.”

“Then you guys should report it.” The meeting is over.

the next morning.

“Hey hey hey!”

A monstrous bird specialized in high-speed flight

Landed swiftly in front of Laviette's castle gate.

“Oops.”

Next, Lethe, the president of the chemical company, jumped out.

"long time no see. Laviette.”

As she pulled the applicator down from under her chin, her beautiful, tired face was revealed.

"stop! If it moves, it will fire!”

As demons shouted from the top of the castle wall, two security guards clad in ironclad approached her.

“Who are you? Identify yourself.”

"huh? identity?”

Seeing Lethe tilt her head, the face of the police officer contorted in irritation.

'It's so hard I'm dying.'

Because the gates were breached, they rolled all night.

“Where is the territory you belong to! What's your name! Tell Laviette what your business is!”

Lethe, who closed one eye tightly, fired.

"shut up! Ask one by one! Do you think I have 10 mouths? I'm here to meet the Grand Duke! What do you want?”

"what?"

The security guard's hand grabbed Lethe's chest.

“Is this really crazy! you are in the current situation

do you know what this is like? Teasing the wrong tongue

As it is... …

A crackling sound erupted.

The police officer's head turned to the side.

It felt like an immediate judgment, but there were no soldiers moving among the demons on the wall.

'what? What just happened?'

no one knew

It was the fastest slap in the world, and it was surprising that his neck was not broken.

“Where are you touching! I'm afraid I'll just blow it up!"

“All-out attack!”

At that time, when the demons on the wall were aiming firearms according to the instructions, the gate split left and right.

thud! thud!

An ironclad knight appeared with heavy steps.

“Stop it.”

Raviette 7th General, Guimara.

True to his nickname of an armor knight, even the armor he was wearing was born from a horse.

Lethe put her hand on her waist.

“Hey, don’t be afraid. I need to take good care of the kids.”

Seeing the name of the 100-million-year-old police chief called out in the face made the hearts of the demons sink.

"excuse me… … Excuse me, but who are you?” Before he could answer, Gimara fell to one knee, driving his great sword into the ground.

“I’m sorry, Lady Lethe. The situation in the city was complicated, so I committed disrespect.”

"huh? Lethe?"

The faces of the demons who realized their identities turned pale, and all of them fell flat on their faces.

“Mother of Hell!”

“Oh, noisy! I'm busy, what the hell is going on? Everyone gets scared and blocks the road.”

“Last night the gates were breached. It was determined that it could be Yahweh's trick, so we strengthened our vigilance.”

"Yahweh? Oh yes! Yahweh!"

Lethe, who didn't even have time to raise Kimara up, squatted down and faced each other.

“Is Lian here too? Why, an ignorant strong man who carries a large sword on his back.”

“… … I heard that there was a commotion in the restaurant. They seem to be looking for the Archduke, but since yesterday he has been nowhere to be seen.”

'Yesterday. It was close.'

A look of relief appeared on Lethe's face.

“Are you in the old castle now? guide me And tell Monolas that I'm here.”

Strange eyes flashed in Kimara's helmet.

“The Grand Duke will welcome Lethe-nim. But the chief secretary has never been in the city.”

Lethe groaned and stood up.

"What are you talking about? Yahweh is here? So, of course, there must be a Monolas.”

“My defensive radius is far beyond Laviette. To be sure, the chief of staff did not even approach within a radius of 100 kilometers, let alone the city.” The bundle in his hand suddenly fell.

“Lethe-sama?”

At that moment, Gimara clearly realized what the unapproachable wrath of the goddess was.

“This piglet is real!”