[499] Despair. despair (2)

despair. despair (2)

Tier 2 monster Furaka.

A giant reptile with three heads, it was the strongest monster that spewed flame, deadly poison, and electricity from each horn.

As a monster that boasts the most powerful attack magic among Zulu's summoning magic, Puraka did not shrink even against the triangular Marakali.

A haze of deadly poison spread, and the white light of lightning flashed in a place full of colors of flame.

Every time the scenery glowed, Kali's black shadow-like body revealed a wallpaper-like pattern.

The pattern resembling a whirlpool absorbed Puraka's magic and discharged it as black smoke.

It was the spirit of death.

"You're stupid, human."

Kali swung her sword of death, knocking off Puraka's three heads at the same time and charging at Zulu.

The four major weapons of Kali, the sword, shield, whip, and skull, each symbolize death, and their effects are cutting, disease, pain, and decay, and none of them are fatal to humans.

“I will take your life.”

Kali's whip wrapped around Zulu's wrist, excruciating pain.

The disappearance of Puraka's body means that the boss is broken.

But Zulu's expression did not change.

she reveals nothing

This is because expression is a form of communication that is possible only when there is someone to watch over.

Carly frowned at Zulu's unconcerned appearance even in the state of being entangled in the whip of pain.

“You are a worthless human being.”

It's not about putting up with it or not showing it.

It was strange, as if there was an abyss hole in her heart and all emotions were sucked into it.

“Anyway, death comes.”

Kali, with a skull in front, charged forward brandishing her sword and shield.

As the aura of disease deteriorated Zulu's body and the aura of decay rotted his cells, the black sword drew a strange trajectory and aimed at Zulu's neck.

Posmetry.

A golden space-time bird soared to the ceiling, a blade slicing straight through Zulu's neck.

Zulu escaped from the whip wrapped around her wrist and retreated to the end of the trailer.

It is impossible for normal humans to concentrate their minds while being entangled in the whip of pain.

Kali had second thoughts about the Zulu man.

'He's severely deficient.'

absolute denial.

deny the pain

deny death

They are even denying themselves.

Standing at the center of the cycle, there is no clear reality for her, so even the pain is not real.

It was the complete opposite of Gaold's self-denial, and therefore inhuman.

side side side side side side.

The only perceptible change in Zulu's gaze at Carly was the progressively faster sucking sound.

"I'm sorry, human. How did you get to that point?"

'I can't win at this rate.'

Faiel's triangular mara is the nemesis of all living things.

'Should I give up my life?'

It's an absurd strategy, but that was the first thought that came to Zulu's head.

side.

After one sharp squeak, Zulu stopped sucking on the pacifier.

When the thought that circulated everything stopped, Zulu's true face was revealed for the first time.

'Isn't it truly amazing?'

Kali realized that what she had been fighting so far was only a human shell called Zulu.

The reality of Zulu, hidden in the never-ending flow of circulation, was the same nature as Kali, the god of death.

Middle Eastern language, shady and in some sense even mysterious, flowed out of Zulu's mouth like the first line of a song.

“The greatest fear of man is not death.”

Kali understood the Zulu language as if it were her mother tongue, learned from birth.

“Is that so? Then what is your greatest fear?”

“Life with death on its back.”

Zulu equipped sergeant.

“Erga.”

A black bird was summoned and perched on Zulu's shoulder.

The first Tier 10 monster she summoned when she was only three years old.

Kali made an expression of incomprehension at the appearance of the small and ungainly pet.

“Are you going to deal with me with just that?”

Zulu ignored it and continued.

“Human beings are truly strange beings, even though they know about death, they deny it. In fact, there is no death in their lives. It is a human being who knows that he could die for some reason at this very moment, yet thinks it will never happen.”

“Are you trying to say otherwise?”

“Death is… … .”

Zulu looked at Erga's wings flying above her head, then turned her head.

There was an indescribable dark aura in her eyes.

“It was always on my back.”

"gibberish."

Carly took the stance to charge with the skeleton again.

Then Erga blocked Zulu's path and spread her wide beak to repeat Zulu's words.

“Death was always on my back.”

Carly's advance stopped.

It's because Erga's voice is perfectly identical to Zulu's.

“This monster is the first creature I successfully summoned. Her name is Erga.”

"so? Are you saying you want to die together at the end?”

“Summoning magic is done through the omnipotence of the boss. There are three stages in a boss, which are the process of imprinting, empathy, and extinction.”

Zulu turned to herself and looked at Erga, who was puffing her beak, with cold eyes.

“Erga was the first creature to come to me. we were always together that's the imprint We got to know each other well. that's empathy And finally… … .”

When Zulu turned to Carly again, her face was no longer normal.

extreme loneliness.

There was nothing in her expression, like the scenery of some planet that had not been visited by a single being since her birth.

Carly realized the identity of the strange feeling she felt when she first revealed her true self.

There is no love.

She was a human made with a complete lack of affection.

“Can I tell you something fun?”

Tears of blood began to flow down Zulu's drooping eyes.

“At the time, I was three years old. I don't know exactly, but maybe that was it. And I... … .”

Erga's black body began to crush with a crunching sound.

The black lumps, like minced meat, writhed unpleasantly and began to unravel into a huge body like a scroll unwinding.

Key E E E E E E E!

As a grotesque scream shook Shion, the 10-meter-tall Shinigami revealed its identity.

The robe had an exceptionally long waist and had its head bowed.

The bony skeleton's fingers hung down at the end of its long sleeves.

It was as if a hole had been pierced through the space by the lobe, whose light absorption rate was close to 100 percent.

Although a death wizard called a tier 1 monster, Zulu had never encountered a lich in his life.

Thus, the lich is her incarnated self.

It was a reflection of her distorted desire for brutally killing the first life she met.

“Erga!”

Zulu's face, clutching at his chest and weeping blood, seemed to represent the face of the lich hidden under his robes, his soul draining away.

oh oh oh oh oh!

Carly felt an unfamiliar feeling in Richie's appearance.

A great fear that could only be encountered from her master, Faiel.

Death is the end of life, but it is not the end of everything.

The true end lies beyond death. eternal solitude.

The loneliness emanating from the lich was making Kali tremble.

“Ergaaaaaaa!”

Zulu's voice was vaguely distant and stimulating, as if coming from the underworld.

i killed

He brutally strangled the neck of the first friend he met because he thought that if he took his life, he would stay by his side forever.

'I can't do this.'

Carly wielded all four weapons at the same time, distorting her expression terribly.

'No human being can overcome the fear of death.'

Death is the ruler of living things.

“Destroy!”

Carly's sword slashed through the lich's robes, but it was hers that cut.

Nothing can be cut in the empty void.

oh oh oh oh!

Richie held out his bony hands and covered Carly.

* * *

“This is pretty… … Interesting.”

The Nephilim Nameless, born between the Angel of Achievement and Garas, was muttering something outside the curtain of Stop that Armin had spread.

In Armin's world, the realm of the speed of light that only he is supposed to have reached.

It was definitely a state outside dozens of barriers even for an unknown born with an endless desire to achieve.

However, for him, who has far greater insight than humans, the barrier was only a matter of time after all.

"Ohh. aha. Right."

The sight of him nodding his head from start to finish with his sword hanging down gave Armin goosebumps.

I didn't take any action, but I was convinced every time I saw his eyes shining every moment.

growth? Awakening? Evolution?

It was clear that it was approaching, chewing and swallowing the land at a speed that is impossible to explain with any human concept.

'damn! At this rate... … !'

Just when Armin was thinking about taking a gamble, a dark wind blew past the unknown.

visor!

Anonymous easily raised his sword to block Quan's attack and launched a counterattack.

Like a scholar engrossed in an old study getting wind, the face that pushed Quan was extremely calm.

'Damn it.'

Quan was displeased with that expression.

In a situation where he risked his life and unfolded sword fighting, he had sleepy eyes.

Is the clash of swords just a childish play to the nameless?

'Do you know how to laugh at swords?'

Kuan vibrated, drawing out external gravity in all directions.

The body vibrating left and right passed by the nameless at some point.

“Gagging!”

Dozens of scars were formed on Quan's body, and blood gushed out.

Rolling on the floor and centering himself, he glared at the nameless in disbelief.

"this… … It was too shallow.”

Moo-myung brushed off the blood on the blade and turned his head.

“Next time it will be a little deeper.”

Kuan's teeth gnashed in Angdamun's mouth.

The dozens of small wounds he received as a reward for not allowing a fatal blow rather hacked his pride in his swordsmanship.

As Quan kicked off the ground and jumped out, Nameless came rushing in.

The two swordsmen, who had collided head-on, seemed to be competing for a moment, but in just a few seconds, wounds began to form on Kuan's body again.

Shiina, who had been watching the battle from behind the curtain of stop, hurriedly stood up.

“We have to get out!”

Kuan's ability cannot subdue the nameless.

Even if the skill was taken away, it was the best decision to see the game in the beginning.

At that moment, Armin hugged Shiina and pulled her down to the floor.

"brother?"

“… … .”

When Armin didn't answer, Shiina finally realized what he was thinking.

"brother! Let go of this!”

However, no matter how hard he tried, Armin would not let go of Shiina.

Anonymous who has already conquered flicker magic will not miss all three of them here.

If Kuan somehow created an opportunity, it was best to run away with Shiina.

"brother! brother!"

Shiina shook her body more violently and tried to tear Armin away.

But at some point, it seemed to freeze and stopped moving, eyes wide open, looking straight ahead.

There was a smile on the lips of the nameless who had cut Kuan.

“Aha, this is delicious.”

Quan stood with his back for a moment, then turned around with a bitter expression.

Finally, a fatal blow, Kuan's side opened, and red blood gushed out like a fountain.

"ha."

A groan of rage leaked from his mouth.

“I’m going to really go crazy.”

---------------------------------------