[562] Scramble Royale (3)

"female… … what?"

Amy asked with an absurd expression, but the boys who had already read the red book had nothing to say even though they had mouths.

"Hmmmm, anyway, I don't know who I am as much as the president of the Women's Human Body Research Society."

Amy remembered what she had heard at the restaurant.

“You mean it was a red book? Sirone, have you seen it too?”

"huh? uh, that's... … Because I have a book. I have eyes too... … .”

It was a ridiculous excuse, but it was not a situation where lies would work.

Contrary to expectations, Amy didn't nag her, but rather turned her head with a relieved look.

Perhaps the reaction would be different if they knew that the subject drawn in the red book was a character from the school, but it was a secret they would take to the grave.

Sirone, who had passed the hurdle, asked.

“Still, aren’t there roughly candidates? Who do you think you are?”

“Oh, it’s really difficult. It's so hidden that I can't even get a feel for it. Still, let's take a look... … .”

Nade looked around the counter at the canteen.

“Unexpectedly, it could be the female Eden.”

“Auntie, please give me a soda.”

Sirone looked back at Eden, who had just entered the store.

Current graduating class 10th.

A devout member of the Church of Yor, he was a specialist in defensive magic.

'That's right. Come to think of it, Mr. Gaold was once a Yorkian too.'

As a religion that abhors violence, it was only natural that Eden focused on defensive magic.

“But why is Eden a candidate?”

"I've heard that too, but Eden gets stronger the more you take it off."

Sirone spilled the cocoa she had in her mouth back into her mug.

“What nonsense are you talking about?”

“Why is there such a thing, special actions that strengthen omnipotence even if it is not eating out. Magical action is like that. Yorkism is non-violent, so they can't carry any weapons. In short, you don't even need clothes because only God protects you.”

“Hmm, is it true?”

said Amy.

“I know about that. So, even in last year’s senior class, when it was time for interpersonal combat, some guys would light up their eyes and attack.”

The three of them asked in chorus.

“So how did it go?”

said Amy, looking at her pathetically.

“There must have been times when you took off your outerwear when you were in danger. Of course, the durability of defensive magic has become stronger.”

Nade nodded.

"That's right. According to sources, when Eden is naked, his omnipotence is so strong that even professional wizards cannot inflict a single wound on it.”

Iruki said.

“If that's true, you're out of luck. Last year’s graduation exam.”

Amy recalled that time.

“The 1st order ended in an instant with Fermi’s initiative, and the 2nd order was a measure of mental strength, so magic wasn’t particularly important. But that's the graduation exam. You have to be prepared for all of the evaluations because two out of six are evaluated at random. okay? I don't have time to worry about these things right now.”

Amy pointed and nagged at each one, but no one listened.

“If that's the case, then it's no wonder Eden is a candidate. But isn’t the biggest feature of the Women’s Human Body Study Group is their amazing drawing skills?”

“Hmm, then there is a possibility for Kongo.”

Nade pointed to Conger, who was sixth in the graduating class.

Unlike the face that resembles an orangutan with its huge size, it was knitting threads with a shy smile.

Like a steel mage who creates metal, the thread of the thread was also made of steel.

“She is feminine and has good dexterity. The look is a bit... … Rather, would you say that it suits you better?”

Sirone shook her head.

“He may have a peculiar personality, but he is still a good person, right?”

Konger was loyal and kind to everyone.

“I think the fjords are the best when it comes to being rather gloomy.”

A student wearing a hood over a wizard's robe and breaking a bug's leg.

Maybe that's why the seat around him was empty.

A magician who handles poison, he is short and short, and his face looks as young as 16 years old, but it is only a side effect of the drug, and his actual age is 23 years old.

Originally a class one, but with the progress of his juniors, he is currently ranked 11th in the rankings.

Iruki added one vote to Shirone's judgment.

“It’s best to have an evil personality. Although the balance is not good, I was ranked #1 in the survey as the student I least want to meet in person-to-person combat. If he really is the president of the Female Human Body Research Society, it's going to be a pretty tough fight.”

Nade grabbed his head and shook it.

“Ah, I don’t know. If you think that way, everyone can be a candidate. Honestly, who doesn’t like the female body?”

Amy said, narrowing her eyes.

“Do it yourself. I won't mind anyway.”

Iruki said.

“Anyway, our enemy can be assumed to be this much. Besides, they even have advanced students as members, so they might be able to attack senior classes. like this morning So Sirone, you have to protect it.”

It was Sirone who suddenly became the gatekeeper of Estas.

"okay. I'll try to do that somehow.”

It was the judgment that no matter who attacked in the advanced class, the current Sirone could be enough to block it.

Amy checked the time and stood up.

“Let’s go. Oh, and Sirone, don't cast Sibul Statue Explosion in Istas for the time being. It could be dangerous.”

"huh. I think so too.”

When all the students left to complete the senior year's afternoon schedule, only Sirone and the store owner were left in the canteen.

“Hmm, it’s a study group in the shadows.”

The last drop of cocoa went down Sirone's throat.

* * *

That evening, the golden ring.

The officers were summoned to the hiding place in the mountains northeast of Alpheas Magic School.

There was an unusual banquet, and Fermi was lost in thought over a strong drink in a cold atmosphere.

'The labyrinth is back.'

This meant that nothing further stood in the way of Fermi's plans.

'Maybe this will be my last year at school.'

After thinking, he raised his head and asked.

“Did we all come together with this?”

"uh. Except for that guy.”

There are five executives of the Golden Coin Ring, including Fermi.

Those currently gathered were Sona's Hercy, Electric Monster Licorn, and Alchemy's Richard.

"Suddenly summoned, what's going on?"

“Today, Frings offered an agreement.”

“A hide-and-seek study group?”

Hersie, the staff member, added.

“It seems that you have already made a proposal to other research groups. Because the presidents of doll collection and ant language have asked me to confirm the authenticity.”

"then… … .”

With lights flashing in the officers' eyes, Fermi smiled.

“Yes, Scramble Royale. The target is the Supernatural Spirit Science Research Society. Drive them out and we take over Istas.”

“Hehe, the day you’ve been waiting for has finally arrived.”

When Richard of Alchemy raised the corner of his mouth, blue light came into his eyes.

“In that sense, we should also send a representative. A representative who will participate in Scramble Royale.”

“I do.”

The second-in-command of the ring of gold, the electric monster Licorn, raised his hand.

Currently ranked second in the graduating class, it was a strong force that no one could control except Fermi.

“No, you don’t step out this time. I have other things to do with me.”

Lichen unquestioningly followed Fermi's advice.

“Then who are you planning to send?”

“Hercy joins the fight. Scramble Royale is just an outpost to get closer to the secret of Istas. It is important to gather as much information as possible.”

In that sense, Hercy was the best fit.

Although the ranking of the graduating class has fallen to 13th, it is a skill that is second to none of the Hide and Seek Research Club when it comes to information gathering.

“Then, Hersy on our side, Frings on hide-and-seek, Anchal on doll collection, and Fisho on the ant language. Are four people participating in the battle like this?”

“No, the Women’s Human Body Research Society also participates in the war.”

"But he's not active."

“I will do it this time. Tell them to go and fight.”

Fermi was convinced.

“If Sirone moves, he will have no choice but to step in.”

* * *

After midnight, Hersie arrived at the dormitory and stood in front of someone's door.

Tailing is impossible.

His sound magic sonar could even collect the sound of his heart beating inside his body if he wanted to.

'No one can stop a heart.'

Hersy was about to knock with a confident smile when a voice came from inside the door.

"come in."

When I opened the door and entered, a scene of madness was revealed.

There were pictures attached to the whole room, and the main characters in the pictures were all Maya.

“You still feel good, Caden.”

Seventh in the current senior class, Caden of the Cross.

He was an executive officer of Geum Hwa-ryun and the head of the female human body research group.

“What is going on?”

Hersy walked over to the table and watched Cayden work.

The lines that moved without breaking even once accurately copied the real Maya.

“You know why I came?”

"I don't know."

“The Shadow Research Society proposed Scrumble Royale.”

"take no interest."

“Also, Sirone is included on the other side.”

The line that had been moving while drawing Maya's neckline suddenly jumped out and deviated.

"I… … Do you look like a human who will move out of petty jealousy?”

Hersey just laughed.

A long sword in the shape of a cross stood in one corner of the room, befitting his upright appearance as well as his honest personality.

Ironically, Cayden was originally a prosecutor.

To be exact, he is a promising member of the Cross family, the most famous swordsman family in the Kingdom of Tormia.

'Swordsmanship and magic. It's definitely a monster.'

The people of the Cross family, who receive the energy of the cross star, are born with special talents through horoscopes from the time they are born.

Among them, Cayden was born on the day of the Red Cross, which is said to return once every 43 years, and was able to bring out 100% of his potential in any field.

As a kind of cosmic law, he had already graduated from the Kaizen Swordsmanship Academy at the age of fourteen.

However, whether the popular belief that a child of the Red Cross will live a miserable life is true, Kayden had a stronger desire than swordsmanship.

It was art, especially painting.

Of course, the law of the red cross gave Caden the best drawing skills.

But the problem was that art wasn't just about technology.

He could draw anything he thought of, but Kayden had nothing to turn it into art.

“Nice. Why don't you try to expose it a little more boldly?”

Cayden wrinkled his brow as Hersy pointed to the painting.

“Don’t insult art.”

If stimulating human emotions is the power of art, the female body is art in itself, regardless of gender.

It may have been the only option for Cayden, who had no artistic expression skills, to start drawing semi-nude.

"so… … Aren't you going to participate?"

Cayden stood up without saying a word, straightened his family symbol, the longsword cross, and looked at his face reflected in the blade.

“… … would."

'I knew it.'

In terms of the ability to read and use human emotions, no one can catch up with Fermi.

He just needed time to rationalize himself, and the fact that he used expressions such as 'tiny jealousy' was proof that he was already jealous.

“Then this is where we all came together. The schedule will be announced later.”

As Hersie left the room, Cayden looked at the huge picture of a battery hanging on the wall.

He was the one who abandoned his family and sneaked into Alpheas Magic School as if he were running away.

After getting to know a woman named Maya here, he realized why he was not given artistic sensibility.

The god of art chose Maya.

"Maya… … .”

Recalling the divine thrill he felt when he first heard her song, Caden prostrated himself in front of the painting.

“If I can be by your side, I will do anything.”

It was a knight's oath dedicated to the painting alone.

---------------------------------------