final chapter (6)

September 27, 6 years.

Six years have passed since mankind broke away from the divine law.

It is a miracle that will remain in human history that there has been no official war since the beginning of time.

Experts have called it an obsession with purity.

“Who will commit the crime first? Which country did the first offender come from? This is a problem. It is to avoid the title of first villain.”

the reporter asked.

“Is it because mankind has not matured, but simply because they do not want to break their perfection?”

“Humans are creatures of desire. Maybe even now, there are crimes happening where you can't see them. Certain countries may block information. But I don't think it will last long. The moment the first evil officially appears in the world, not to mention the second and third.”

Three years ago, an official murder case occurred.

The killer, a 32-year-old lawyer named Ripper, told the judge in court:

-I wanted to be the first.

Humans are so strange.

As expected by experts, crimes were reported from all over the world, but the arrest rate was also quite high.

That's how the world went.

It came down from the spirit of 100% integration, but not that much... … .

to an ordinary daily life.

“I’ll be back!”

Amy, who took off her military uniform and put on a dress for the first time in a long time, stumbled on the porch.

“Puhahaha!”

Ares burst into laughter.

“They say falling is a skill, so it’s really perfect. Don't call me red face anywhere.”

"shut up. This dress is too uncomfortable.”

“Wear it roughly. Ugly.”

"do you want to die? How long will your brother stay at home? Go out and do some work, work!”

"Nope? The money you give me is enough

Because.”

“Is that what you say to your sister? Oh, I don't know. Anyway, I’ll be back, so take care of yourself and eat.”

Even in the midst of her busy schedule, Amy did not forget to fix her hair while looking in the mirror.

Ares laughed bitterly.

“I am.”

I understood my sister's heart.

He turned back to the newspaper and read the full page of the scoop.

-Yahweh! Flying in the direction of Tormia from the south! At the wedding of the principal of the alma mater

Are you attending?!

'Sirone.'

He folded the newspaper and looked at the ceiling.

“Amy will cry at this rate.”

Reporters from all over the world had already gathered at the main gate of the magic school.

"I'm going to die of embarrassment!"

Today's heroine, Vice Principal Olivia, sighed in a white wedding dress.

"why? It would be nice to be congratulated.”

Alfeas, who was wearing a tuxedo, was unharmed.

"Are you kidding me? It's embarrassing to get married when you're old, but they're not here because of me!”

“Huh, it’s an honor. The best talent from our school is coming.” Olivia couldn't deny it either.

“You’re not even sure. Even if we departed from the south yesterday, there are several countries in the central continent.”

It is estimated that three years ago when Sirone returned to this world from the realm of infinite infinity.

The reason for the presumption is that there were only a handful of acquaintances who met him as well as official invitations.

Alpheas said.

“We don’t know, what it means to come back from infinite nothingness. I wonder if it was a gigantic emptiness on a different level from waking up from a dream.”

“I haven’t lost my mind. Even now, you are working hard to rebuild the world with the 12 apostles. Mr. Vincent also said it was the same as usual.”

“So it’s a question.”

I'd rather understand if I heard rumors that people are different from before... … .

'What did you see, Sirone?' from true nothingness.

Olina asked.

“Would you like to come home?”

Currently, Sirone's mother, Ikael, is also staying at the Vincent couple's house.

“If you are coming to Tormia, that would be the case. Because I never missed a visit.”

said Vincent.

“I am, indeed. The people of the world are too much. Just like my son has to take responsibility for the whole world.”

Olina sighed.

“I am more concerned about that. I mean Amy. They acted like they couldn't live after they both died.”

"maybe… …

Ikael thought so.

“Everything would have gone back to nothing. A dream, an illusion, even a heart. It will take time for all of that to fill up. But you'll get it back eventually. The most important reason why you should be in this world.”

Just like Guffin sent Hexa for Ikael.

Shirt.

“The material is taken out to the vacant lot. The warehouse here is full and there is nowhere to go.”

Jiangnan, who returned to his hometown, was rebuilding southern civilization.

"mister! If you go over there... … !” Amidst the chaos of the construction site, I saw a familiar face.

"uh?"

Sein smiled and approached.

"and! It's been a really long time! has it been a year? What, are you suddenly coming all the way to the south?”

“Because something happened. I want to see your face.”

The two of them moved to a quiet vacant lot and sat on a wooden table and had a drink.

Sein asked.

“What about Sirone?”

“Yes, we left at night. I said Blitz would take me there, so I can make it on time.

There will be.”

“Have you made your decision?”

"I don't know. Because I can't figure it out But she must mean going to the wedding means meeting.”

"Right."

Sein asked again.

"how about you? are you okay?"

Kang Nan knew the meaning of the question.

"I'm fine, I'm fine. Because Gaold isn't sick. What could be more reassuring than that? Are you? Do you keep in touch with Miro?”

"no. That doesn't mean avoiding it though. Miro is living her own life for the first time. Not as a pole to protect someone, but as a single woman. I don’t want to make you responsible for anything, at least for the time being.”

" but??????

In the end, the heart of the viewer seemed to be the same.

“Are you in a wonderful love?” Sein laughed.

"maybe."

Miro said.

" go."

Gaold said.

“I’m not going.”

Miro said.

"go!"

Gaold said.

“I’m not going, damn it! Why are there so many events? I finally understand Sirone.”

As the protagonists of world peace, the two were traveling around the world and attending events.

“But this time, they paid a lot of money for the event. We, we don't have a single penny earned!”

“Don’t get too caught up in the world.”

“You sound like a secular person. It's all because you had a lot of accidents. What the hell have you been doing for a living that the Magic Association won't accept you?" Gaold replied scornfully.

“I was looking for you.”

“Oh, really!”

Miro, who was angry, swung both arms and hit Gaold's side repeatedly.

"ah! bone! bone hit... … ah!" Miro let out a sigh as he collapsed on the bed, frowning.

“What kind of man is so mean? the body is not worth it Why are you exercising?”

“Cheuk, you know.”

Gaold, who was lying on his back, spread his arms and winked.

“Do you still have time?” After thinking for a moment, Miro glanced at her watch.

“It’s only 30 minutes.”

“Amy!”

Upon arriving at the Alpheas Magic School, where the wedding was to take place, I saw a happy face.

“Tess! Seriel!”

Rihanna and Fermi were also following.

said Tess.

“It’s been a really long time! Sorry. There was no rush because it was a promotion screening these days. How are you?"

"haha! so do i. Are you at the wedding?”

I don't know about Seriel and Fermi, but Lian and Tess had no contact with the magic school.

"of course! They say Sirone is coming! just come I'll beat you up."

“Ah, it’s just a rumor, but what?” I pretended not to, but the sign of expectation was clear.

When I arrived at the ceremony, I was able to meet people I knew in the crowd.

Kanis and Arin, Maya and Caden, and Dante and Flu were also waiting in the guest seat.

and… … .

“Amy”

It always gives me pleasure, but on the other hand it reminds me too much of someone.

“Iruki! Nade!”

Two of the foolish trio approached.

Amy asked, eyes wide as she saw the child in Nade's arms.

"no way?"

"haha! okay. finally came out into the world. Daisy, hello. It’s Aunt Amy.”

Amy giggled.

"daisy? Are you my daughter?”

"huh. does it look pretty? Actually, I'm not sure because I was born not too long ago."

said Iruki.

“The odds are half and half. If you want to be like Liz, you will have to fight a fierce battle with yourself.”

“You are laughing. If my daughter fights fiercely, what about you?”

Amy smiled.

'It's still the same.'

As rehearsals began, reporters gathered.

“A lot.”

Knowing who they were waiting for, Amy's heart started to race too.

Shadows cast over the outdoor garden.

“Oh, that, that… …

A gigantic blue dragon gliding through the sky landed far away.

someone's voice.

“Thank you, Blitz.”

Blitz, who bowed his head politely, flew up again, showing his hooded back.

Sirone turned around with a smile.

“Yeah.”

The reporters' flashes went off like mad, and tears welled up in Nade's eyes.

"city… …

Friends ran at the same time.

“Sirone!”

"haha! how have you been doing?"

“You bastard! What the hell are you so busy with? You don't have to write a letter.”

"sorry. The situation... … what?" Sirone's face widened.

“Nade! you?"

"okay! How are you? I created before you. Daisy, Uncle Sirone.”

"hi?"

Daisy smiled brightly as Sirone lifted her head.

"haha! Did you like it? After all, she has eyes for people because she is my daughter.”

While everyone was talking, Amy was watching from afar.

'what? I thought something big was going on.'

It's the same.

Amy, slightly disappointed, turned around and Tess approached Sirone.

"What are you doing? Go to Amy quickly. Could it be that she didn't lose her memory in infinite nothingness or something?” Sirone only smiled bitterly.

The wedding was a little later than planned because the school sent out reporters.

When asked about her feelings, Olivia spoke of Erina, who had passed away from Alpheas.

Feelings of gratitude to her, feeling sorry for her, and responsibilities that she will carry with her until the end of her life.

Alpheas added briefly.

“That is old age love.”

The guests burst into laughter, and the wedding ceremony ended with people's blessings.

And at the reception, Sirone met Amy for the first time in six years.

“Amy.”

As if a promise had been made, the hall became quiet and everyone turned to look at them.

"long time no see."

“Hey, come now? Did you know that the wedding here took longer than the six years I waited for you?”

"Sorry. I needed some time to be sure. My thoughts, whether this heart is really right.”

Amy asked with a pitiful expression.

“What happened?”

“In an infinite world… …

Sirone did not speak for a long time, but the people waited without even breathing.

“I don't exist. There's nothing because I'm not there, and there's no way to explain it. I stayed like that without being there. No time, no space, nothing.”

People were thrilled.

“That would be a very scary situation. However, since there is not even the thought of being afraid, it must be a perfect nothing. and then… … At some point, I will exist in this world.”

"I see."

How would Sirone feel after realizing that it was nothing after it existed?

“Even now I don’t know. I am here because of what happened there. I guess it was to meet you, but I had to be sure. Otherwise, you will lose the meaning of existence by being buried in the fear of the great nothingness. so… …

“Did you travel the world?” Sirone nodded his head.

“I have finished all the work of serving humanity, taking care of my family, and realizing my ideals. One by one, they were eliminated. to meet you.”

It was time spent like that.

“And now I can be sure. The reason I returned from the world of infinite infinity is...

Sirone mustered up the courage to speak.

"i love you."

The illusions that wandered in the world of eternity without time, space, or even the existence of me.

"you… …

At this moment, I was completely convinced and made me smile.

“You are my infinity.”

Amy's cries leaked out in the scenery where the world seemed to have stopped.

u uh huh Whoops.”

Tess looked at her affectionately as she nodded while wiping away the tears with both hands.

'That would be nice, Amy.'

As everyone watched happily, Nade clapped and said,

"now! Let's record this moment. Anyway, the next Iruki wedding will not come back.”

“Puhahaha!”

Friends gathered one by one, and optical cameras that took pictures of the wedding were installed.

Amy, who finally regained her smile, looked back at Sirone and ran to her friends.

“I want to take a picture too.”

"good. you stand in the middle Ferminer goes that way. Sirone, what are you doing? come fast."

"okay."

Looking at the baby laughing between father and mother, Sirone thought.

'we are.'

Someday I will travel to the stars.

“If you do one, two, three, you’re shooting with Daisy. You know what?”

You will realize what is truly important in the secrets of the stars.

"okay. wow, narrow Do it quickly.” Overcome discrimination and conflict and create an integrated

The day when the new system is established.

“Come on, gather around. take a picture.”

At the end of the universe, you will be dreaming of another universe.

"Start. One, two, three!"

so we are forever

"daisy!"

to infinity.

Thank you for loving <Infinite Wizard>