God's Brain (5)

"You're taking everyone?" Ikael asked.

"okay. The bridle of creation and creation. Isn’t that a much more constructive suggestion than arguing who is God?”

Obviously, Ikael shook his head.

“Impossible. Yeah, I'll admit it honestly. Your idea, it is definitely a record event in this universe.”

Taeseong recalled the moment when light first entered Gaia's eyes. Neither did Argones, nor did all beings in heaven explain it.

“Maybe there is such a thing as the outside world. But no matter what, we can't get out.”

because there is no idea.

No, to be precise, their idea was themselves, not the outside world.

“After leaving Ultima, I did a lot of research.”

When Guffin opened his palm, a hexagonal light called Hexa floated like ice crystals.

“What is the sign of Idea? picture

And if you can analyze the signal, Gaia has all the inclinations of Prajna and Yaksha, but he was also an excellent scientist.

“Can’t it be made artificially?”

The Gaians put on a blank expression.

“Artificially… … make?” If this world was composed of signals from outside, it was the domain of the gods to create ideas.

"okay. that's hexa. It can be said that it is a signal that does not exist in this world that has information from the outside.”

When the guffin raised its arm, the hexa cracked and shattered and fell into smoke.

“Miracle Stream.”

Vines formed where the smoke of light passed, and flowers began to bloom quickly.

Angels murmured.

“Uh, how… … ?”

Life was created only when Anchera, Gaia, and Argones functioned simultaneously.

The guffin raised its arms and gazed at the flowers blooming around it.

"It's still at this level, but with repeated research, we'll be able to create more complex lives."

Kariel muttered.

"life??????

To him, the Archangel of Birth, Guffin's power seemed like a literal miracle from God.

Guffin said to Ikael.

“You know what I mean? If you can conquer Idea, this world is not the end for you either.”

Everyone hates Gaians, but this time even the archangels looked at Ikael.

“Isn’t that the end?”

A cold voice rang out.

“That is also a Gaian accident. You broke away from the human group and now you want to become a god? How arrogant I am.”

“If God is indifferent… …

Guffin's eyes lit up.

“Wouldn’t it be okay if I pulled you down?”

“It is blasphemy!”

Her voice boomed as Ataraxia sharply expanded.

“For us, God is only the eternal and immortal Ra. Do you think I will be seduced by your absurd hypotheses?”

Denying the reason for existence to angels is no different than asking humans to deny their parents.

"but… …

Guffin cast a pitiful gaze.

“Did you want to go?”

Ikael's eyes widened and he bit his lip.

'It was.'

When Gaiain first tried to leave the photon world, she was obviously shaken.

Even if the thought that this was the last chance worked strongly, it was an irreparable mistake for the archangel.

“I have changed since then.”

Upon hearing Anchera's stern rebuke, she swore to doubt no more.

“Gaian, give up your false hopes. If Ankera resets the world, you will disappear too. Everything will return, and the law will be at peace.” The restored Hand of God bent his fingers like the claws of a beast.

A billion voices were born at the same time.

“Do you think we can stay still? I will block the Reset and annihilate Ankera.”

A gap that cannot be narrowed in the end.

At the moment when the lives of both sides became tense again, Satiel spoke in a trembling voice.

“Can’t you try?” She was terrified as the archangels' eyes focused on her, but she grew more courageous.

“If an angel and a Gaian join forces, we might be able to reveal the truth of this world.”

Archangel's ability was also important for Guffin to dig deeper into the study of Hexa.

'More than anything, ataraxia.'

If the signals of Ideas could be amplified and investigated, even the utopia of the Guffins would not have been a dream.

“What are you talking about?” Murderous intent lingered in Ikael's eyes, but Satiel mustered up the courage to open his mouth.

“So, at least a conversation… …

Methiel, the archangel of union, was blurred.

bang

As he swung his arm at great speed, Satiel, who was hit in the face, flew away so quickly that he disappeared.

Whoops!

Dust rose from the crashed ground, and Methiel shook his fists and muttered.

"It's like the shame of an angel."

Raising her fingertips with an arrogant and beautiful expression, she pointed at the guffin.

“Listen, humans. God does not compromise. I will punish you and stabilize the world.”

No need to complicate, Ankera

If the reset is successful, everything is over. “But before that… …

Methiel's asteroid expanded into Halo.

“I will kill you myself.”

As if they had the same idea, the five archangels excluding Ikael spread halos.

Maishin asked with a serious look.

“Guffin, what are you thinking?”

“You don’t step out. Because Ultima can shake. Stop Anchera from resetting while I fight.”

If Ultima is shaken even for a moment, Anke Ra will trigger a reset.

'Then I can't turn back.'

Guffin is right.

However, since he couldn't activate Ultima, it didn't seem like he would be able to deal with all the archangels.

“Miracle Stream.”

Ikael raised his chin as the golden smoke coiled around the guffin like a snake.

“Ataraxia.”

The concept of the archangels was amplified, and Yuri El opened the battle in Ragnarok.

“I will teach you the fear of the world.” A flesh-and-blood attack that contained the rage of being hit hit the Guffin.

Sparks flew in the eyes of the guffin, which was pushed out three kilometers in that state.

'As expected, it's not easy.'

Getting excited about being hit by an archangel.

'It bounces.'

As the Miracle Stream swirled, Uriel's body fell behind the Guffin.

“Keugh!”

Yuriel, who ate the rotational inertia, fell vertically after one kilometer while drawing a huge curve.

Aaaaaang!

Hearing the roar, the guffin with both legs planted on the ground smiled at the archangels in front.

“Should we start playing God?”

Metatron of existence, Rayel of light, and Fael of extinction formed a binary side by side.

“I bounced off Uriel.”

It means that it cannot be broken with pure impulse alone.

“I go.”

Faiel's judicial halo, which took the lead, spun rapidly and turned into an abyssal whirlpool.

“A message of nothingness.”

When the light from the Miracle Stream around Guffin disappeared, Metatron held out his hand.

“Gravity Tyranny.”

As dozens of black spheres were created, Gurfin's back twisted and his limbs opened wide.

'I'll tear it apart.'

Just when I thought it was over, Guffin's body defied the gravitational waves and stopped in midair.

“Let there be light.”

A huge hexagon of light rose and disintegrated into smoke, enveloping the guffin.

“There is no cause in Hexa.”

That's why no matter how many times Faiel is annihilated, he can be resurrected for no reason.

“Sleeping.”

As the smoke of light spread, the spheres of gravitational tyranny began to disappear one by one.

“Never wake up again.”

At that moment, Rayel, the archangel of light, activated the law halo accelerator.

Hey hey hey!

As the halo, which rotates at the speed of light, rapidly contracts and disappears, time stops.

'Can this be prevented?'

In the time zone of 0 seconds, when the rotation of the planet wasn't even happening, Rayel threw out his fist.

Photonic signals, although it is impossible to transmit physical signals when time is stopped.

'I am the archangel of light.'

The unit of time he perceived was the minimum value of the timeline you dismantled.

The moment Lael's fist touched Guffin.

'This is the point.'

Independently listed events of time passed over to events immediately after.

It was the smallest unit of time that could be divided by the law, so it was impossible for any living thing to react.

Whoops!

At the point where Rayell's regime ended, the atmosphere was pushed several tens of meters and exploded.

"what'?"

Rayel lowered her gaze in disbelief.

“Slow.”

The guffin twisted its upper body to avoid it and was smiling, exposing its sharp fangs.

'Avoid the speed of light?'

It can't be.

This is because there is no event between the moment the fist touches and the event that releases the speed of light.

'It's the speed of light. He said he split the time to the end. Between time and time there is only nothing... …

The celestial light shook as the eerie home passed by.

'Did you come in through nothing?'

super light speed.

Penetrates between time and the smallest unit of time, creating a signal of existence out of nothing.

'you… … Are you really a god?'

The moment the question came up, Guffin's fist hit Laiel's face directly.

“Big!”

bang! bang! bang! bang!

Like a stone hitting the surface of the water horizontally, Rayel's body bounced off the ground.

Kariel and Methiel, who were in charge of the tail, stopped abruptly when they saw the archangel rolling on the ground.

an ??????

For this moment, both Gaia and the archangel Ikael forgot their original purpose.

“Our intellect goes beyond infinity??????

The hexagonal light floating between Guffin's palms broke and scattered like flower petals.

“To God’s World.” The Gaians were lost in thought as they watched the stars rising high in the sky riding the wind.

'That's Hexa.'

The language of gods that do not exist in this world.

“Aaaaaaa!”

Sirone's screams exploded, and the entire Alpones Mountains were enveloped in white light.

Core, Kara Torsa, who is delivering all of Omega's records, also groaned.

'It's a huge amount of information.'

With just that, Mudeungryong had an intuition about where Shirone was in Omega.

'It's the year 201.'

This is the point at which Macklein Guffin first raised the possibility of Hexa.

'The speed of delivery is too fast. I have to control myself.'

In case Sirone could be damaged, Caratora slowed down the information transfer.

“Keugh!”

However, as if Sirone was forcibly sucking it in, the speed began to soar.

'no! At this rate... … !'

Kara Torsa, who stopped thinking there, rolled her eyes and realized a new possibility.

'Right. It's only natural.'

Because sirone is hexa.

'It's not about accepting information through thinking. The combination of information and information to become new information.'

Or perfect information.

In fact, the reason why Sirone screamed out of his mouth was because he was surprised by the enormity of his realization.

'They become one endlessly.'

The moment when a huge feeling that exists before human language and academic thinking merges.

“Huh!”

Sirone's eyes widened.

'Miracle Stream!'

A hexagonal light rose above my head, and it broke open and released into smoke.

“Sirone. Accept his thoughts, his thoughts, everything.”

Karatorsa said.

“It is the brain of God.”