[770] Apostasy (5)

As the spear of light penetrated the heavenly knight, the ground swayed like a wave.

Because the mass was adjusted, the power of the wave was not exerted, but the speed was much faster.

“Aaaaaaa… … .”

The moment when Hugo was about to fall to the ground as both knees were slammed down by the powerful shock at the same time.

“Huh!”

He raised his elbow to prevent his face from being slammed.

'I am… … .'

The spasm of the brain was transmitted through the nerves, and it was only after a long time that what had happened was analyzed.

'How long have you been locked up?'

only 1 second.

But in Hugo's head, the memory of repeating one second 100,000 times was intact.

Hugo's cousins ​​murmured.

“What happened?”

Angel's Punishment is a world-famous incarnation technique, but the situation in which Yuugo fell in one blow was unconvincing.

So was Garcia.

'I don't know. What the hell happened?'

Hugo was also one of the best players in the world as well as Nam Eymond.

Moreover, if it was a showdown of incarnation rather than attacking the main body, it would be hard to get such a shock no matter what he did.

“Can you guess?”

The fact that Garcia had spoken to them first gave an idea of ​​the absurd atmosphere of the place.

said Minerva.

"vibration."

Across the river, the disrespectful face disappeared and before she knew it, she had the cold eyes of a witch.

“… … .”

Garcia savored her words.

Even though he only uttered one word, the head of the Magic Association reached a conclusion after going through countless possibilities.

“A second, is it vibrating?”

"okay. Bounce the timeline. The line goes back and forth from A to B countless times, but in the end, the width of the vibration is 1 second. However, in that 1-second vibration, countless 1-seconds are distributed with probability.”

Garcia was just listening.

“Then the question is, how did Hugo, the person in charge, accept this vibration?”

Cousins ​​took notice.

“The bottom line is cognitive dissonance. It is highly likely that he felt both an instant and an eternity at the same time.”

Even just listening to the explanation seemed to create cognitive dissonance.

one of the cousins ​​asked.

“How is that possible?”

Minerva waved her index finger up and down.

“These are the vibrations of the timeline. Even if you try to feel a second at a specific point between these vibrations... … .”

The fingers kept moving.

“There is not a second there. The fingers have already passed and only the probabilities remain.”

That's why it's a moment.

“Conversely, if you feel one second at a specific point.”

The finger stopped.

“It is no longer a oscillation because the probability collapses.”

Garcia said.

“100 percent chance. It really becomes one second.”

so forever

“The result depends on the intention of the observer. However, Hugo vibrated with Sirone's one second. In other words, resonance.”

Minerva folded her thumb and forefinger in turn.

“Thus, Hugo had two experiences at the same time. One is the experience of 100,000 seconds rushing into one second. And another... … .”

Now Garcia understood.

“An experience of 100,000 seconds where one second repeats itself. This is why it feels momentary and eternity at the same time.”

Minerva lowered her hand.

“Strictly speaking, it is neither a moment nor a vibration. Because there is currently no name for the time Hugo felt.”

Sirone called it Time Vibration.

“But looking at Hugo’s expression, I can fully imagine what that experience was like.”

Hugo, who still had a bewildered face, was terrified at his own speechless appearance.

'Am I going to be stupid?'

Replaying a deadly battle, especially the fiercest moment 100,000 times, was a memory I never wanted to experience again.

"are you okay?"

Hearing Sirone's voice, Hugo slowly raised his gaze and looked up at Sirone.

“… … .”

Horrible memories rushed through the vibrations, his eyes quivering with fear, and he fell back.

“Huh… … .”

Sirone looked at Hugo with a pitiful expression.

'This is why I didn't want to write it to anyone else.'

It was a means to counter Nane's emptiness.

'Unification of Shipok and Bakji.'

Sirone's metacognition can sense ideas and handle all information in the world in an integrated manner.

'That's the mouth.'

And now it has reached the stage of shaking the world by vibrating the entire information through resonance.

“If I could shake the world.”

If the timeline of the world we live in goes back and forth endlessly between points A and B.

“The past and future overlap.”

As the present disappears, this world is released into a world of probability without any fixed values.

“Therefore, there is neither a future that always comes, nor a past that can never be returned.”

A kind of time slip.

“To create the phenomenon of reversing time.”

Hugo slowly raised his head and saw Sirone with a sad expression in his eyes.

“This is what I do against my balls… … .”

although it is still insufficient.

“It was the only way to save the whole thing.”

Hugo's face turned into a tear-stain, and clear tears flowed down his cheeks.

'What have I done?'

Yahweh of philanthropy.

He was a man with a burden that could not tolerate even a single misfortune in the world.

'father.'

The depth of the realm is not everything.

'I was foolish.'

When he realized how wide Sirone's heart was, he began to feel ashamed of his narrowed heart.

“Go to Zion.”

Sirone held out his hand.

“It was a great incarnation. let's fight together The world needs people like you.”

"ah… … .”

I was finally speechless.

"thank you."

Seeing Hugo shed tears, the cousins ​​also shut up to see if there was anything they realized.

said Minerva.

“You think it’s only one second?”

Garcia didn't think so, but after hearing what he said, he didn't even feel like denying it.

“You cannot save the whole by repeating the moment. However, not all demons can be eliminated. but… … .”

Minerva remembered Veron.

“A man threw a hwadu into this world and left. Can a human being change his future with his own will?”

"It's a Veron problem. If the outcome has already been determined by the law, Nane’s credit must also be right.”

"That's why it's not just one second."

Sirone's answer to Veron's question was 'yes'.

“It destroyed the predetermined future. It was a direct challenge to my enlightenment.”

If the future is of a destructible nature.

“We have entered a stage where we cannot know whether the world is really suffering unless we go to the end.”

Sirone came closer, supporting Hugo.

"Just relax and you'll be fine."

As the cousins ​​took Hugo away, Sirone turned to Minerva and said,

“Let’s go. I was too late.”

Garcia has arrived.

“Thank you on behalf of Hugo. If you need help in the future, please come back anytime.”

Minerva raised her ax eye.

"hey! You never said anything like that to me? Dare to cover the five great castles for the sake of a mere head of the Magic Association?”

'They should be treated like people.'

Seeing Sirone made him hate Minerva even more.

“I’m glad that Hugo is safe. It would be great if even one more person could help Zion.”

Garcia spoke for the first time.

"yes. Currently, Gustaf's movements are unusual, and the temple is also recruiting talent from all over the world. I plan to apply for Valkyrie soon.”

"yes? Are you the president of the association?”

“It has not been finalized yet, but I intend to test it. It's time to join forces. Of course, it's not that I didn't think about my personal career or the honor of the kingdom.”

“Ah, of course it is.”

Not everyone had to be Yahweh.

'If you're the world's best fire mage, you'll easily pass the test. No, maybe it's a free pass.'

Sirone did not express himself.

“I hope for good results. I look forward to seeing you again someday.”

That's what Garcia wanted to say.

“I wish you luck.”

The jet carrying Sirone spewed fire terrifyingly and flew across the sky at Mach speed.

Watching the temple quickly move away, Sirone turned to Minerva. 

“Are you going to the ivory tower?”

“It should be. Time vibration itself is a fallacy. maybe something will come out Then, I think it will be in a few days before we leave for Kasan?”

“What is taking so long to come out?”

“I know when I hear it.”

I didn't want to get involved with Terraforce.

“Instead, I'll take care of trivial matters. There is also Nam Eymond’s case, and the registration of <Slaughter>.”

“Are you going to register <Slaughter>?”

Oh Dae-sung, whose satellites are impossible to find, can register one more thing besides himself in the Ivory Tower.

“Even if it is meant to punish the atrocities, it is a super-special murder weapon. You have to be listed in the ivory tower to be able to use it freely. Otherwise, there will be a huge backlash worldwide.”

"aha."

“I’ll entrust you with ‘Slaughter the Law’. Maybe I've finally found the right owner... … .”

It was an inappropriately sentimental statement.

'Well, to Minerva-san, 'Slaughter' is... … .'

It was not easy to give someone an object that contained all the terrible pain and ugly past.

“By the way, what is your wish?”

"huh?"

“You lost the bet. What is your wish?”

Minerva grinned.

“Are you looking forward to it?”

Sirone firmly shook her hand.

"you're welcome. It is better to sell quickly. I don't think it's a normal wish.”

Do you have any wishes for Oh Dae-seong?

“Hmm, good.”

Minerva turned away from the jet and looked at Sirone's lips with honey dripping eyes.

“What do you do with this?”

Just as Sirone shuddered, Minerva spread two fingers.

“I will give you a choice. What you can do here and what you can do later. Take your pick.”

'What can I do here now?'

Sirone, who was writing down the list in her head, swallowed and said.

“It has to be done later. So, you can do it now, but that doesn’t include putting it off until later?”

“To be wicked. Of course, most of the things I like can be done here. But what if it's like a wedding? Can't you do that here?"

“… … Are you sane?”

Minerva smiled coolly.

"I'm kidding. good anyway A successful bid with something that can only be done later! Did you promise me?”

“I need to know what it is.”

As the jet pierced the clouds, Minerva pondered with a dim gaze.

“Time Vibration”

"yes?"'

“Maybe later… … If you really get a chance to save everyone... … .”

Sirone listened intently to the unprecedentedly serious voice, but she hurriedly shook her head.

"I'd also like to save it. Wouldn't that make it more difficult? I will tell you when the time is right.”

“Where is that? What is it?”

The reason Minerva kept silent was not for her sake, but for Sirone's sake.

'Because you won't accept it.'

life pain.

She is traveling along with Sirone, but in fact, her essence was close to Nane's philosophy.

'Don't save me, Sirone.'

That's what I really wanted to ask for.

“Oh, really! If you keep doing this, I'll make it a wish and something that didn't exist! It's not like you're drugging people.”

She smiled spontaneously at Sirone's voice, but there were water droplets in her eyes.

'I have to wipe it.'

A witch's heart that can never be cleansed.

'I have to wipe it with moonlight.'

The Akkadian Desert of the northern continent was approaching in their sight as they passed the Mediterranean Sea.

---------------------------------------