[144] The name parrot (2)

Amy blinked at first, not understanding, but when she realized what Tess was trying to say, she turned her head away with a puzzled expression.

“Suddenly it makes strange noises. What does Sirone have to do with my graduation?”

“But it is. Sirone is still class pogo, and you are in your senior year. Besides, with your skills, you will definitely be able to graduate next year. If that happens, won’t you leave for the capital?”

The moment she heard that she was leaving for the capital, Amy's heart suddenly beat faster.

I'd never thought of it like that before. But in reality, it wasn't that far off.

“It has nothing to do with me.”

“Hoo, is it?”

Amy spoke coldly, but Tess couldn't detect the slightest hint of sincerity in her tone.

Amy, who remained silent for a moment, spoke out what was inside, as Tess had expected.

"still… … I made a promise. sure to catch up with me. I told you to speak comfortably under that condition.”

Tess closed her mouth in surprise and let out a ho-huh sound. If that was the case, the feelings the two had for each other weren't that light.

“Hmm. Of course, sirone is also great. But I heard that class grapes went up in half a year? How could even a genius be able to graduate so easily?”

In fact, even Amy knew. The fact that the achievements Sirone has achieved so far cannot even be imitated by ordinary people.

An 18-year-old boy who lived without even knowing magic rose to Class Four in half a year.

It might be greed to want more here.

Amy looked at the back of Sirone, who was leading the way. Had Sirone ever thought of something like this? If she really graduates, will Sirone really miss herself?

It was difficult to take the first step among people who were doing their best. But Sirone was already taking a few steps ahead. Perhaps he is running with all his talents burning to the limit.

Amy knew that, but she couldn't help but feel upset. She glared at Shirone's back with a stinging gaze and conveyed it to her heart.

'I mean hurry up. I really won't let you go if you fall behind.'

After the women's confidential conversation, the two quickened their pace and caught up with Sirone and Lian.

After reuniting, Sirone and the others climbed the hill to the villa while talking about this and that. Then, suddenly, Tess stopped and warned in a low voice.

"Shh. quiet."

"Why all of a sudden… … ?”

Amy asked, turning to Tess. At first, she thought, again and again, that her playfulness was triggered. But when she saw that her expression was not serious, she immediately shut her mouth.

Tess, who trains saber swordsmanship, focuses on building senses among schemas. 

Although not as good as archers, their sensitivity to stimuli far exceeded that of ordinary people.

Sirone and Rian noticed the atmosphere belatedly and approached her. Tess also signaled them to be quiet with a raised finger.

“There is someone in front of the villa. If you look at your lung capacity, you're a man. If you're average, you're probably between 170 and 175.”

Lian grabbed the handle of the straight sword behind his back. There was a lot of chaos in the palace last night, so there was a good chance that there was an intruder.

“I don’t feel any hostility, but be prepared just in case.”

Tess stomped away like a cat, and the other three slowly followed her.

Upon arriving at the villa, I saw someone standing in front of the door. Seen only as a silhouette, he was looking elsewhere without even moving.

Sirone and the others moved forward without slowing down. But before I could take a few steps, the silhouette lost its strength and collapsed to the floor.

Sirone and the others looked at each other and hurriedly ran to the door.

The midnight visitor was Jess. I couldn't find a healthy place on my face where it came from.

Sirone grabbed Jess by the side and supported him. Just the touch of his hand made Jee's face crumple in pain.

“Keugh! Oh, it hurts!”

"are you okay? Who did you do this to?”

“I-get out of the way!”

Jess pushed Sirone away. He won't be able to get angry when he finds out who he's brought to this point. He didn't want to appear weak, at least not in front of Amy.

Jess sat down with his back against the door. The moment Sirone approaches to help again, he painfully raises the corner of his mouth and bursts out laughing.

“Have you been playing all this time? You’ve grown very tall.”

Jess' condition looked very critical, but Tess remained vigilant until the end.

He was the one who seduced Amy in a strange way last night and put her in danger. No matter how injured she was, she had no intention of trusting her.

Amy, on the other hand, approached without hesitation. Rather than trusting Jis, as someone who knew the rules of this world, she was anticipating the future to some extent.

“What the hell happened to you? say it. Is Falcoa like that?”

Instead of answering Amy, Jess raised her head and glared at Sirone fearfully.

It felt good to think that I could confidently stare at Sirone.

It is Amy's life that she saved while falling to the end of her life. Wouldn't it be okay for her to be the main character, at least for a minute when she had to explain everything?

“Hey, you. Listen carefully. Take good care of your woman.”

"What are you talking about?"

When Sirone tilted her head, not understanding, Jis frowned terribly. He had guessed since the conversation he had with Amy in the carriage. The fact that the relationship between the two cannot be clearly defined.

That's why it became more temperamental. She doesn't know why she has to go through all this trouble because of Shirone, who has everything she doesn't have.

“Amy, you son of a bitch! If you did something like that, protect it until the end!”

“I have no idea what you mean. why Amy? We were together all day today.”

Jess recalled Falcoa's instructions. Even thinking about it now made me laugh out loud.

“Bring me, even if I kill you. Put the loop of lethality in a drink and bring it to Amy. Amy said she had no choice but to drink anyway.”

“This crazy… … !”

Ryan widened his eyes like a tiger and clenched his fists. She was equally enraged by the others who were listening.

Of course, Amy isn't stupid enough to not know that Falcoa's trick is. However, given her pride and her red-faced abilities, she was a problem that could have been terrible.

Tess, who had been thinking that far, shivered with chills.

"it's crazy. I knew it wasn’t normal, but he really went the extra mile.”

Sirone's voice was trembling like never before.

“So that drink… … .”

“I threw it in the trash. I said I couldn't. Did you know now? I'm protecting Amy. It's not you, it's me! That I risked her life to keep her! Got it, you idiot?”

Sirone and the others firmly shut their mouths. I couldn't refute it, and I didn't want to refute it.

Sirone knelt down and leveled with Jis.

“Jiss, we… … .”

"therefore!"

Jess cut off Sirone's words and screamed loudly. As he screamed with all his might, the pain swelled as if his ribs were breaking. But the reason he was crying like a waterfall was not because of the pain.

"therefore… … .”

Jess lay flat. Then he put his forehead on the ground and spoke in a sobbing voice.

“Please help me.”

Sirone and the others just looked down at Jis, who was lying on his stomach without saying anything. 

“Your sister… … I think my sister got caught. After she came to her senses, she went to the store, she said she went home, so she went home and she wasn't there either. So she went looking for her... … no one help me please find her sister I will ask you this.”

Jis, who begged Sirone and the others, burst out crying and repeated the word please.

Sirone was looking at it with a feeling of anger and sadness at the same time.

How many streets have you wandered in such a mess? Who cares about a little sister from the back alley? I vividly recalled him calling her sister's name amidst everyone's indifference.

"younger sister. my younger sister. my everything... … .”

“Is there anywhere you can guess? The place where my brother was taken.”

Jess raised his head. He came because there was no one to ask for help, but even if he wanted to help, he was in a situation where he had to collide head-on with the island's ruler, the Freeman Organization.

No matter how much a wizard was, his life was not guaranteed, so he thought it wouldn't be easy to do the favor. That is why he begged with the determination to lay down his life.

But Sirone didn't even think about it and was asking where her sister was taken.

"thank you! thank you so much!"

Jess bowed her head. As for the gratitude he could express, he had only this much.

Amy, who watched as if disapprovingly, grabbed Jess by the arm and raised her up.

"it's okay. Do what you do. All of a sudden, we're weirder. let's go in Let’s talk while healing the wounds.”

“Ha, but my sister… … .”

"you idiot! If we recklessly attack in a hurry, we'll be the first to suffer! If you were kidnapped on your way home, you still have plenty of time. Whatever I do, I’ll fly and go, so do the treatment first.”

Amy helped Jiss open the door to the villa. A girl named Yuna was also worried, but she was concerned about her wounds first.

As Jess lay down on the bed, Tess undressed him. Having learned numerous combat aids, she was able to know Jis's condition at a glance. It was evident from the shape of her bruises that her ribs were damaged.

Tess pressed all over Jess' body.

“Ugh! Oh, it hurts.”

“Of course it hurts. I got it like this I really hit it without mercy. Be patient. I also need to check the organs.”

Tess pressed on Jess' belly with all her might. The organs protected by the skin and muscles were difficult to see unless it was entered so violently.

“Mmmmm!”

It must have been a maddening pain, but Jess desperately endured it. It was because of the thought that he could go to rescue Yuna only when the treatment was completed as soon as possible.

"thank god. He has a cracked rib and the rest is just bruises. The organs are also safe. You are surprisingly strong.”

Jess smiled bitterly. He couldn't fight, but he was already good at being beaten because he attacked numerous nobles.

Jess explained the situation while Tess applied bandages.

Considering Yuna's time from work and return home, the abduction time was estimated to be around 2 hours from now.

“I would have taken her to her hideout, so she wouldn’t have arrived yet. But I don't want to be on time. I just want Yuna to live... … .”

Amy interrupted Jis. 

"no it's okay. They'll be traveling in a wagon, so if we rent a horse and ride it, we'll be able to catch up. where exactly is the hideout? I have been quite far from here.”

“I've never been there either. I heard it is in the north of the island, but I don't know if that's even certain.”

"no. Maybe that's right there.”

Sirone was sure that it would be a hideout. The north of the island is a natural cliff. Wasn't that why when I first came here, I went around the island and docked at the southern port?

In addition, if it was in the north, it was close to the Kergo Autonomous District, so it was out of reach of the government. There was no better environment to use as a hideout.

“Okay, then let’s go. Can I be alone?”

Jess nodded. He intended to send Sirone away, even if the wound worsened.

Even so, the reason for the dark expression was because of the remorse for pushing unrelated people to the limb.

“Are you really okay? It's funny to ask for help and say this, but they're really strong.”

Amy snorted. Even if she wasn't Geese's sister, the human named Falcoa would one day look after her.

---------------------------------------