[201] 1. Divine Mercy (6)

Sirone swayed and stood up. It is said that the load per unit area fell below 70%, but it was impossible without the mental strength of the Diamond Buddha.

The subjects looked at him with astonished eyes. It was shocking to see the diminutive Sirone stand up, as if it were a giant like Lian.

“You even give your life to God. do whatever you ask me to do But only 1 second? If only one second was so insignificant to you! That god can't show even a second of mercy to those who believe in him!”

Lee Gi-rin bit her molars hard.

159 to 159.

The proportions of belief and doubt were exactly equal. If the count falls even one more, the authority disappears.

Lian's movements became much lighter. If he had overcome a load that approached 100%, he could wield the greatsword at any cost of 50%.

Lian gave up the statue and tapped on a glass marble filled with black fluid. When it was struck continuously, it cracked with a crackling sound, and water leaked out.

"damn! damn!"

The more anxious he became. The amount leaking out of the cracks was not enough to prevent the victims from drowning.

The subjects who watched the precarious tightrope of life and death swallowed their saliva.

It was clear that it would have a bad effect on Lee Gi-rin. This is because humans basically want to take the side of the weak.

Girin Lee used a last resort.

“Don't be fooled! The scales of my heart are judging you! If anyone has any doubts here, I will personally cut your lifespan by 50 years!”

Fear, the most effective means of maintaining power, immediately restored the faith of the subjects.

216 to 102.

Her authority began to revive rapidly.

As the load intensified, Sirone's knees bent again. He gritted his teeth and endured, but it was irresistible.

The most painful fact was that I felt with my body that the attitude of the subjects was turning around.

“Sirone… … .”

At that moment, Kanya walked over to Sirone. 

Her face was pale. How could she be sane when her mother was submerged in black water?

"really… … can you buy I mean mom Can you leave with a smile in front of me, Lena, and Dad?”

The subjects looked at Kanya and the glass marbles alternately. 

He smiles in front of his family and leaves. The time required for that was 1 second.

"of course. She said her mother is not yet dead. She can see you again and laugh.”

Tears ran down Kanya's cheeks. It didn't matter what happened now. 

I just wanted to see my mother. She wanted to see the mother she had seen this morning one more time.

“Then save my mother, Sirone. please save my mother I mean I don't like it. I hate seeing my mother become a giant.”

27 v. 291.

Lee Ki-rin widened his eyes at the shock that hit his brain. Her authority has gone downhill.

Before he could even let out a gasp, the master of shunning was activated.

Falling vertically, she fell to her knees on the ground. She couldn't even lift a finger.

“Now! Everyone go and stop it!”

When the load disappeared, Sirone and the others stomped out as if they were grinding the floor.

Time was running out. No, it was already exceeded.

Lian broke the glass marble with a full swing. 

Amy turned off the switch on the liquid tank. 

Tess thrusts her sword into the gap in the device, causing an explosion inside.

Families rushed in and freed the subjects from the broken glass marbles. However, it was not possible to check the condition because it was covered with sticky liquid.

The subjects approached with nervous expressions. If it died, decomposition would have proceeded. 

I didn't have the courage to look at the terrible sight with my own eyes.

The family started peeling off the fluid. Gradually, the flesh color was revealed, and eyes, nose, and lips appeared.

Fortunately, disassembly did not proceed. Upon discovering her mother, Kanya's face was covered with her tears.

"mom mom!"

It didn't dissolve into the liquid, but it didn't breathe. Kanya's father ran and started artificial respiration. 

When the airway was opened and the stomach was compressed, the thick liquid regurgitated and the mother coughed.

The subjects cheered.

At this moment, there was no law in their heads. There was only the joy that one life returned to the arms of the family.

Dang. Dang. Dang.

I heard a bell signaling the time for Ilhwa's drinking to end.

A reverent silence fell over the central square.

The reanimated subjects looked at the servant while being supported by their families. According to the law, today is the last day of their lifespan, but no one has died yet.

2. Turbulent Age (1)

The bell rang twelve times.

The sound of the bell was established as an unforgettable memory in the minds of the subjects gathered in the central plaza.

They were still subjects and obeyed the Law of Ra, but it was unclear whether they would be able to do so in the future.

"Boss! Are you okay?"

Feope flew to Girin.

Seeing Girin's broken knee, Feope felt guilty. He felt ashamed of himself for not doing anything while his teammates were fighting.

Girin smiled. As if she was trying to soothe the startled heart of her long-awaited junior.

"Okay. It's a price that was activated when the rule out was destroyed. It's something I have to endure. Are you all right?”

"yes. I am fine.”

“I’m glad.”

Peope couldn't bear to look into Girin's eyes.

Even though he must have known that he hadn't participated in the battle, he didn't even scold him and was rather worried about his safety.

It was always a burden to deal with the manager, but at this moment, I couldn't help but acknowledge her.

Lee Ki-rin looked at the square with disturbed eyes.

A tilted statue, shattered glass marbles, and black smoke billowing devices.

Ilhwa's drinking was completely denied. Today was an unconventional day in heaven.

'Maybe it will have a bigger impact than when the labyrinth came.'

The woman named Miro was much stronger than the blonde boy. But that's what she was, so she didn't flinch. She knew better than anyone the repercussions her actions would have on her heaven.

'Now what? The age of cataclysm is coming. Based on today, heaven will change.'

Feope suddenly blocked Lee Gi-rin and took a fighting stance. Sirone's party was approaching.

Ki-rin cannot move for the next 24 hours. Moreover, her knees were also smashed. Whatever the situation, she shouldn't be afraid this time.

“Hey, go away! The fight is over! If you still want to fight, I will deal with you myself!”

Gi-rin stopped Peope.

“It’s okay, Peope. I want to talk to this boy too.”

Embarrassed, Peope quietly gave up her seat and stood next to Gi-rin.

Sirone squatted down and made eye level as close as possible.

I only realized the size when I saw them come down to the ground after watching only the flying fairies.

Really, it was only a handful.

Lee Gi-rin raised her chin as if there was nothing to lose.

"joy! Child of the earthly world, the fact that I have lost does not mean that the divine law has been denied. I am also a leader of the 72nd class of fairies, so today's victory will not deify you.”

“It doesn't matter. I just wanted to save the life of the person who helped me. Is that so wrong?”

Lee Ki-rin didn't think it was wrong. However, considering the impact it would have on heaven in the future, it was a problem that could not be guaranteed.

Is 1 life worth more than 10 lives? It won't be. But what about 100 million? What judgment would you make if you had 1 billion lives?

Miro knew that. That is why he withdrew from heaven. In the harsh reality of having to sacrifice one person for the many, she found the only answer.

But it wasn't this boy. Efficiency is not considered in doing the right thing. He was probably of the opinion that human life cannot be valued.

extreme line.

Iggyin felt the same feeling that Arcane had felt before.

“Leave this place.”

It was the only thing Girin could say.

“You have caused chaos in Heaven. I can't even predict what will happen in the future. So go away. Get out of our world as soon as possible.”

“But we… … .”

Before Sirone could finish his words, a red light flashed from the east.

The group looked back at the place with surprised expressions.

A flash of light was surging from the Second Heaven Rakia. Calculated by distance, it was a tremendous amount of energy released.

Everyone in the square covered their ears. 

A vibration that seemed like the world would end shook the sky.

As if struck with an awl, a flash of red light pierced the middle of the plaza. As the flash disappeared, an angel with wings of light torn to pieces appeared.

Kirin's eyes shook in shock.

“Fallen angel Ikasa… … . Why are you here?”

The second heaven, Rakia, was the place where fallen angels were exiled.

The existence of the second heaven is allowed to enter the first heaven, but it is extremely rare for fallen angels to enter the realm of subjects. It was because their pride, once inhabitants of the Sixth Heaven, did not allow them to interact with humans.

Girin realized that the seeds of chaos planted by Sirone were already changing the laws of heaven.

“I am the lower angel Ikasa. I looked down at the wine of the sacred anecdote, confirmed the riot, and came down to this land.”

Sirone couldn't stop shaking.

He was over 2 meters tall and had slanted eyes. She was once an angel, so her beauty remained, but her temperament was very different from what was expected.

If the angel I saw at Nord's Shelter reminded me of the brilliant sun, the angel that appeared now gave off an atmosphere like a setting sun.

“You are the one who denied God. Abominable things. Foolish beings who do not know how much love they receive and despise God.”

Ikasa glared at Sirone with hatred.

Fallen angels were of a lower rank than the beings of the 2nd Heaven, and thus the humans of the 3rd Heaven Shehakim who obtained eternal life. 

I don't know about giants or fairies, but they're worse than humans. Why does God care so much about humans?

The anger he had harbored for 20,000 years was on the verge of exploding.

“I will judge you on behalf of God.”

Ikasa's asteroid expanded into a halo with a diameter of 1 meter. A huge ring of light became a rail, accelerating light particles sparkling like stars.

Kirin's face turned pale. The fallen angel was stripped of most of his powers because of his sins, but even so, it was not a power he could handle at Sharmaine's level.

“Ikasa-sama! It's not possible! When the fallen angel opens the halo... … !”

“Ho-ho-ho! Heresy dies anyway! Be honored that this body takes care of itself!”

The energy emanating from Ikasa's body made Sirone's mind far away.

I felt a difference in power that could never be surpassed. This is not it. A being like this cannot exist in the world.

Sirone turned back with all her might. It felt like time was passing slowly, as if under a slow magic. The air exhaled from his lungs still hadn't reached his uvula.

When he was finally ready to make a sound, there was only one thought in Sirone's head.

“Run away!”

Arin was already holding the metagate and preparing to activate the device.

But even for her, one second was too long. 

hurry! sooner! The two-centimeter distance was not shortened even though I just had to press the button with my finger.

The wind blew from behind Sirone. The metagate in Arin's hand magically disappeared.

The group stood stunned.

Ikasa, with her left hand on her waist, stood by Arin's side, holding the metagate in front of her eyes and examining it.

It wasn't that it wasn't visible. It wasn't as fast as light or swift as the wind.

But it was definitely fast. 

A speed somewhere in the middle between life and nature. It was proving that they were different from humans from the moment they were born.

---------------------------------------