[125] Island. Galliant(2)

Tess struggled to hold back a laugh when she saw the two of them suddenly become less talkative. At the swordsmanship academy, he saw only his tough and tough peers, but when he met the students at the magic school, he felt like a younger brother even though they were the same age.

“By the way, Amy was also great. When did you learn schema?”

“Before entering magic school, I trained for about two years.”

“Oh, it’s rare to learn a schema when you’re young. Aren’t there a lot of things that say it’s not good for growth?”

“I didn’t really exercise. just… … I just happened to see it.”

Tess realized just by hearing that. Many gifted children can come out of the spirit zone, but schema is a way to overuse the body, so it was difficult to learn at an immature age.

However, with Hongan's self-image memory, it would be possible to precisely control the body without going through a difficult training process.

“Aha, you can use the red face like that. It's the best.”

“Yeah, it’s nothing great. There is no build, and it only strengthens the strength a little. Compared to you, he must be at the level of a child. I saw it earlier, it was really fast. If it started accelerating, it would have been wide enough that I couldn't even cast teleportation.”

“Ah, I’m a major, but you’re a wizard, aren’t you? Moreover, Rian still can't do the schema, so what? Now that I see it, there was a reason why the Karmis family was famous on the continent.”

Sirone looked back at Lian in surprise.

“Lian, didn’t you learn the schema? Then what about the firewood in my house? I didn’t say anything, so I thought it was a schema?”

“Ho-ho-ho! did rian do it? To borrow Mr. Quan's words, it must be stupidly strong muscle strength. Do you know what it was like at swordsmanship school? In the last test... … .”

"Oh really! Why are you so interested in other people's private lives?"

Ryan abruptly cut off his words. He might not know about anyone else, but he never wanted to let Shirone know about it.

But thanks to that, the atmosphere got better and everyone else talked about their school life. Even though they were in different fields, they were all students, so the conversation continued uninterrupted.

So they got to know each other.

* * *

Arriving at Creas Harbor, Sirone and his party found a ship to Galliant Island.

The large Galeas moored at Dock 6 was unfurling its sails as if it had finished preparing for departure.

Because all schools in the kingdom were on vacation at the same time, there were more tourists than usual. Cirone got on the boat as if being swept away by the crowd and took a seat on the third floor deck.

There is a passenger room downstairs, but it was my first time on a boat, so it was fun to go and see the scenery.

The waves crashed and a salty wind blew. It was only after the port was submerged below the horizon that the party realized that they were floating on the sea.

“How many hours will it take?”

"I heard it's a five-hour boat ride from Creas Harbor."

"I see. If it was a little late, we could have left tomorrow. There are more people going to the island than I thought.”

As Sirone said, there were many people on the deck. Half of them were merchants, but there were also tourists dressed as aristocrats. Also, there were quite a few people from other places other than Creas.

“As Lian said, it must be a famous island. What kind of place is it?”

“I did my research and brought it back.”

As if Amy had been waiting, she took out her notebook. Tess, who had become friends with everyone by now, spoke openly.

"Ohh? As expected, meticulous personality.”

"I know. I never thought to look for it.”

As Sirone scratched his head shyly, Amy glared at him disapprovingly.

“You said you were exploring the ruins, but didn’t you do your research beforehand?”

"haha! no, that's... … .”

There are two kinds of travelers in the world. People who leave recklessly and people who investigate carefully and leave.

The former could be said to be about unknown romance and the latter to be efficient, but Amy belonged to the latter.

But Sirone couldn't belong anywhere. It was my first trip since I was born, so everything was amazing and unfamiliar.

“First, let me tell you about Galliant Island, where we are going. The site area is 1,500 square kilometers. It's a half-moon-shaped island, and the north is a natural cliff, so ships will have to return to the southern port. The west side is a mix of residential and resort areas, and the Kergo ruins are on the eastern side of the island. The Kergo Ruins are said to be the temple of Kergoin, who established civilization 2,000 years ago.”

“Kergoin?”

"huh. Although now extinct, a small number of natives remain in the autonomous district in the center of the island. It is dark and short, but it is characterized by sunken eyes and small pupils. Oh, and he has tattoos praising Ankera on his face.”

“What is Ankera?”

“It is the name of an ancient god that Kergoin believes in. And um... … Aboriginal people chew on the hard root of a tree called loop, which seems to have hallucinogenic effects. That's why they call loops the god's stimulant. I was in a trance state. It is said that the cause of the destruction was religious conflict, but some say that the loop was overused and internal conflicts arose.”

"I see. that's interesting. Hallucinogens destroy civilization.”

“Perhaps because they abused it in the name of God. That's right, I heard from my brother, but most of the managers of the ruins are Kergoins, so you can see them. Instead, they said that they would not be able to enter the Aboriginal Autonomous Zone because outsiders were not allowed to enter. Ah, but my brother... … .”

"huh? What did you say?”

Sirone asked curiously. The older brother Amy was talking about was probably Ares, an explorer. As he traveled all over the world, there was a high probability that he knew the Kergo ruins in detail.

“My brother said so. The fall of civilizations is not decided by scholars, and if you want to know about them, you will have to come up with something more important than the price of admission.”

Sirone nodded with a meaningful expression.

“Hmm, then does that mean that there is something greater than Kergo Ruins in the Autonomous District?

“I'm not sure. My brother is always like that. They know that if you ask a riddle, there is something more.”

"haha! But I like this more fun? That's more important than the price of admission. What is it?”

Sirone's heart pounded. Listening to Ares' words as well as Alpheas', it was clear that the Kergo ruins were not just a tourist attraction.

When Sirone couldn't control his excitement like a child, Rian felt good in a different way. If the lord is Motivated Tang Chun, the guardian knight's duty becomes even more important. No matter what secrets were hidden in the ruins, he was determined to protect Sirone.

“Sirone, by the way, when are you planning to go? Aren’t you going right away as soon as you arrive?”

"huh. First of all, it's a vacation, so we should have fun.”

"Then I'll have to get a lodging first. When you get off at the port, let's go to the resort area. Because there is a place to bathe on the west beach. There are many things to see and many famous seafood restaurants.”

Wanting to see the southern country as soon as possible, Tess clenched her fists and trembled with excitement.

“Ugh, that sounds like fun!”

There are still more than 4 hours left to arrive. However, the thrill of the trip quickly ate up the time, and finally the island they wanted began to be seen.

"and! see! It’s Galliant Island!”

Passengers standing on the prow pointed to distant islands and shouted. As if responding to that sound, Sirone and the others rushed to the top of the deck.

The northern cliffs of Galliante Island greeted them. A vertical rock wall suddenly rose as if the thick sea of ​​trees had been split with a sword.

Passengers shouted with excitement.

“At last we have arrived! Are you really cool?”

"and! Shopping is so good! I want to swim quickly!”

But the merchants were still lying on their backs. Because the port is in the south, I knew that I would have to go around the island for another 30 minutes.

Galliant Harbor.

The port was filled with people due to phosphoric acid. Merchants getting off the ship and merchants from the island running to the ship got tangled up, causing chaos.

Tourists had to get off relatively late, and Sirone and his party waited for the crowds to subside before stepping on land.

As soon as I got off, I felt the warmth of the southern country. Creas had already entered the early autumn weather, but it was still summer on Galliante Island.

The port where the merchants fell out was filled with people engaged in another industry. They were the ones who did solicitation to attract tourists to the store.

"now! Come to the Dolphin Inn! You can have a great vacation with the lowest accommodation rates on the island! My wife says the food tastes amazing!”

“Those who want to eat authentic southern seafood! Come to our restaurant! A wagon that can move comfortably is also waiting!”

“I will lift your load! A bunch of sturdy porters waiting!”

Sirone and the others were distracted by the tout's voice.

No one has come forward openly yet, but it is true that it is attracting attention. First of all, I got a high score for not being an adult. Besides, the clothes and weapons he was wearing were all high quality, so it was only natural that the touts would pay attention.

Of course, there were not only honest merchants among them. In the alley on the other side of the dock, several groups of people making money illegally were hunting for game.

“Whoop whoop. Come on, who shall we peel and eat today?”

A boy named Jis looked at the crowd and his eyes lit up. Behind him, two friends were looking at the same place. 

What made them different from the solicitors outside was that they were not store owners. In the end, it could be said that he was a backstreet bad boy who made money only with his tongue.

The bad boy on the land and the bad boy on the island are different from each other in temperament. It was their life that they could not get even a piece of bread if they followed the rules set by the world in a space floating in the open sea.

In particular, Jess had a strong rebellious temperament from a young age and grew up receiving all sorts of scoldings. It wasn't once or twice that he was beaten by nobles for showing his pride.

But even that experience was now just a useful tool for making money.

“Wow, there are so many people because it’s the holiday season. Jess, can we get our share today?”

“Anyway, half of them are dog hair. Don't be gaudy on the surface. You have to choose the right one to be successful.”

Jess carefully searched for customers. However, the friends who had to earn a day's worth of money were impatient.

“Jis, choose quickly. Everyone else just snatched it up.”

"okay. wait."

Jess scanned the harbor with a hawk's eye. But before I could even look at the whole thing, my gaze stopped at dock 3. 

Four people of similar age were having a conversation, and among them, a red-haired girl caught Jiss eye.

The features on her small face were so clear that even from afar, she felt pretty.

“Hey, that’s it! let's make that group can you see Two men, two women.”

"really? Is there a big kid over there? Besides, you're wearing a sword, aren't you? Let’s just pick someone else.”

“These are real. Who am I? Isn't it Mr. Jiss, the ruler of the port? A guy like that is a coward. If not, would you say you're crazy and come to the tourist destination with a sword?”

"Oh, that's a bit dangerous. No way, Jiss... … Also, isn't the mental illness of falling in love with a woman you've never met? What if you are a mercenary?”

"mind! Can't you just look at it? you are a student Students say they can't lay a finger on us anyway. I'll do it with a strong strategy, so support me well. Never pretend to be a noble. Guys like that need to be pushed back.”

Jess led two friends out of the alley. Even on the way to the dock, he was afraid that other touts would snatch him away, but as the girl's face gradually came into focus, even that thought was blown away.

'What is this girl? really pretty… … .'

It was natural romance for an island boy to feel love for a foreign woman. However, this was the first time that he felt sublime beyond her love.

Jess hurriedly gathered her mind and approached. If you leave it like this, it will be taken away by other solicitors.

---------------------------------------