[289] 5. All kinds of variables (3)

The secret story behind the birth of the actual object is not clearly revealed.

It's just that the name of an object has been handed down from someone, and through that, people just let their imagination run wild.

However, <The Last Cry of the Yeager Family> is unique in that the actual record remains. 

The merchant who took over the mansion soon noticed what powers the 287 marbles possessed.

If you have it in your possession, you will hear the girl's warning the moment you touch it. It was an alert device that was so nimble that even a super-advanced person with restrained life would have no chance to avoid it.

The merchant sold it at auction and became the richest man on the continent. And 287 objects passed into the hands of the powerful people of each country, and it is estimated that about 82 objects remain today.

'It is true.'

This was the story that Xenoger had heard during his assassination training.

That's why the current situation was even more strange. 

Sirone could not own something that could not be obtained by anyone other than the highest nobility or royalty of each country.

“That… … where did you get it It doesn't sound like a very expensive life.”

Sirone hurriedly stood up and took a fighting stance.

"What are you? What were you trying to do to me?”

Xenoger waved his hand in the air without answering.

As the threads tangled, a skein of white thread that could be seen was wrapped around the wrist. Attaching one end to the ceiling and pulling on it, his body soared at high speed.

Sirone cast teleportation. However, Xenoger's appearance had already completely disappeared from sight.

It was a great master. At least from Sirone's point of view.

Xenoger moved along the wall and chased Sirone.

Anyway, it was a target that could be killed more than 90% with the Hitman method. Above all, there will be no more <last cry of the Jaeger family>, so the fact that Sirone dies has not changed.

Sirone couldn't escape. 

How he hid it so far, it was suffocating for Xenoger to live. 

Besides, the source of life was not one place. It was said that it was disrupting the spirit zone's synesthesia at a tremendous speed.

'I will die at this rate!'

Sirone gave up running away in a desperate situation. He instead lowered his fists and unleashed his berserk with all his might.

Kwa-kwa-kwa-kwa-kwak!

The walls of the basement shook and dust fell.

“Kekeke! It is magic, magic.”

There is no occupational group in the world that looks down on wizards, but the Assassination Clan Spathur had a manual to deal with every situation.

When Xenoger stretched out his lips, a steel wire twisted with spider webs popped out. The steel wire that penetrated the width of the beam pierced Sirone's shoulder.

“Keugh!”

Sirone hurriedly pulled out the thread and rolled on the floor. It wasn't a fatal wound, but with this blow, I clearly realized the difference in his skills.

Expansion-type defense magic such as wide-breadth boasts a wide range of defense, but is weak against local penetration.

A skilled person at a level that sees through magic and responds to it as soon as he sees it. His thinking speed is probably much higher than Shirone's.

Xenoger, who had stayed out of Sirone's field of vision, suddenly fell down. It was the perfect spider to land with both hands on the ground.

Xenoger's tongue came out long and licked his entire face.

“Kiki, good response. I aimed for the heart, but I dodged it. A kid like you is my taste. I want to tie it up with a spider web and give it a lot of cuteness, but... … .”

Sirone trembled at the chilling feeling.

“Because this one is also busy.”

As Xenoger disappeared from sight faster than before, Sirone fell into a state of inability to judge.

Wizards can produce powerful power that transcends human common sense, but it is true that it is difficult to deal with those who have raised their physical abilities to the limit if it is limited to interpersonal combat.

Xenoger was a master who had never been seen before, and it was a mistake to think of responding from the beginning.

Sirone completely turned around and deployed teleportation. 

If it was impossible to escape and difficult to deal with, the only option left was to hide and buy time.

Flashes of light bounced off the walls and entered the pantry. The space was huge enough for hundreds of royal family members to eat, and the food was divided into compartments.

Sirone leaned back and hid in the place where the milk bags were piled up like a castle wall. He hadn't cast a spell in particularly long, but he was already out of breath.

'Where is the place to target me? ceiling? behind the turret? Or the other side?'

Sirone moved her eyes and tried to find Xenoger's traces.

But in reality, Xenoger was stuck in the ceiling of the corner of the warehouse, completely different from Sirone's expectations.

'Kikiki, you fool. To think that common sense would work for someone with mimicry abilities.'

Xenoger's eight eyes accurately captured Sirone.

@

Borrowing the power of the Geumgang Armed Forces, Zeon's combat power was comparable to that of a public figure's swordsman. Without even time to cast teleportation, Amy was attacking with sharp attacks.

Seeing Amy with a pale face, Ji-on felt relieved. Armand, which is evaluated as an S-class object even among manufacturers, truly deserved its value.

Effort is not suitable for royalty. Of course, the same goes for talent. The reason why the royal family is noble is that bloodline, and that bloodline is enough to buy effort and talent.

“Still, it holds up quite well.”

I certainly didn't expect the battle to last this long. I thought he was a weak wizard, but his movements were nimble like a swordsman.

“Hey, did you mean that you prepared thoroughly from a young age? If so, it's even more sad. To be beaten by me who didn’t even learn swordsmanship, let alone magic.”

“Stop talking nonsense! I will never lose to a child who only relies on weapons like you!”

Amy gritted her teeth and ran towards Zion.

I was so upset that I was in tears. It was a result of 10 years of hard work. A human who had never suffered in his entire life could not defeat himself with just one demonic sword.

Amy used the Schema's ability to the maximum to unleash a distraction tactic. However, she changed Armando Gion's constitution accordingly.

<Gothic> - Detect change in acceleration of enemy object. Removal of retinal afterimages. Maximize visual perception.

The reason why afterimages occur is that the human brain remembers things for one tenth of a second when it sees them. 

However, when Armand removed the retinal afterimage, Amy's movements came in as clearly as if they were cut off.

Ji-on stood for a while and then suddenly flew away. She grazed Amy's collar as the sword mounted on her gauntlet slashed through space.

Zion is not a schema user. However, Keumgang Armed Forces' body coordination ability reproduced the effect of the schema as it was.

'no. I can never admit something like this!'

Amy bit her lip.

Avoiding Zeon's gaze requires speed that exceeds his cognitive abilities. But his own schema did not reach that level.

'then… … .'

Amy entered the Spirit Zone. 

In a confined space, even against an agile warrior equipped with a short-range weapon, he didn't know how effective magic would be, but if the straight-air method didn't work, it would be wrong to survive.

'Eat this!'

Amy spread fireballs in all directions. Instead of targeting, it was a tactic of convincing and limiting movement.

'Sheesh! plaguy.'

Zion gave up the charge and retreated.

There are numerous objects in the gallery. As long as Armand was there, the other things didn't matter, but the problem was that the placenta belonged to Uorin.

'I have to save the object for now.'

After reading Ji-on's emotions, Armand stretched out his tentacles in all directions.

As the tentacles clung to the wall, Ji-on's body floated.

As the tension worked, Zeon's body flew like a flying insect. As he swung his sword at great speed, the fireball split in two.

Amy snorted.

'Hmph, do you think you can stop that?'

Even if the form changes, the heat does not disappear.

As expected, as the flames hit Ji-on, a combustion reaction took place in Armand's organic matter.

However, the charcoal-like epidermis fell off and was filled with new organic matter.

Self-existence is the strength of living things. The reason <Demonic Sword Armand> was S-class was because it possessed the advantages of both metal and living things.

Zion, who blocked the fireball, looked down at Amy while standing in the air.

“You have a surprisingly hot personality. But I won't be able to install any more.”

Amy stepped back and put the fire mist around her. She wouldn't be able to turn the tide in particular, but there was nothing like heat to block the creature's approach.

"Hmph, you're very luminous."

Amy knew too. It was miserable that the only thing I could do was improvise. 

However, the opponent's movements were unpredictable, and even her sniper mode, her specialty, was impossible in a small space.

But the reason I don't give up is because I saw a glimmer of hope. The reason is unknown, but it was a movement that seemed to make Ji-on dislike the destruction of objects in the room.

'It doesn't look very expensive.'

It was questionable, but it was the only gap in the current situation. As an experiment, Amy fired her fire strike openly at her display case.

As expected, Ji-on threw herself. A tentacle extending from over his shoulder blocked the path of Fire Strike.

A popping sound erupted, burning the tips of the tentacles.

Amy, who was thinking of cutting off the tentacles, clicked her tongue at the durability that was stronger than she thought.

But her magic had only just begun. She fired fire strikes all around her as she rotated the target-type spirit zone.

Zion swung his tentacles and blocked it one after another, but Armand's durability also had a limit.

'joy! Then I just need to catch the wizard!'

A tentacle pressed down on the nape of Amy's neck and pushed out. As he hit the back of his head against the wall, his mind was shaken for a moment, but he activated the red face and immediately initialized it.

“Keugh, I can only stop it with something like this… … .”

At that moment, a sharp needle protruded from the tentacle and pierced his throat. Then, as the Spirit Zone disappeared, his magic was broken.

Zion heard Armand's voice and came down to the floor.

<Gothic> - user pituitary hormone extraction. Combination. Manufacture of nerve-stabilizing substances. complete. Injection.

The human body is like a huge chemical factory. Armand extracted Zeon's body hormones and manufactured his own nerve-stabilizing substance.

Amy couldn't contain her drowsy mind.

'damn… … ! What kind of swords do you have?'

I tried to activate my red eyes, but I couldn't concentrate to form a spirit zone due to the endless flow of tranquilizers. Rather, more chemicals flooded in and poisoned the liver.

“Huh, as long as you distract the wizard, it's over. Both you and Sirone. What the hell is magic so arrogant about?”

Amy took a deep breath and looked up at the ceiling. It was difficult to lower her gaze as her eyes rolled back on their own.

“It must be hard, but why don’t you just pass out? In the meantime, play with your body. Of course, don't expect to wake up with limbs intact.”

“Kuh! Keugh... … !”

Amy resisted desperately.

"ha ha ha! It's really a spectacle to struggle. Do you understand now? What will happen if you touch the royal family?”

Amy squeezed out a bit of strength to activate her red eyes.

“Is it really so?”

Zion snorted. He knew he couldn't get into the Spirit Zone anyway.

But in the next moment, something amazing happened. A lump of flame burned in Amy's hand.

Before Ji-on could organize her thoughts, Amy fired a spark at the shelf.

"shit! Stop it!”

As Zeon's consciousness focused on the ledge, Armand withdrew his tentacles and threw the owner's body backwards.

Just before the display case exploded, Ji-on managed to block the way. The moment I held my breath in preparation for the heat, the fireball vanished in vain.

“What, what?”

It was a jack-o'-lantern's crappy spark. Since the spirit has its own spirit zone, it could be cast regardless of Amy's mental state.

---------------------------------------