[323] Second outing (1)

Arriving at the Karmis family, Sirone looked at her clothes and then walked to the arch of the main gate.

A carefree garden unique to Karmis stretched between the white iron bars.

The guards who were vigilant about the surroundings with fierce eyes remained the same.

Sure enough, as Sirone approached, without a doubt, his right hand moved to the handle of the scabbard she wore around his waist.

"stop. What business have you come for?”

If there was a difference from half a year ago, it was that he used honorifics.

The guards at the aristocratic mansion basically shifted every 4 hours and had different positions every month, so there was no way the guards at the time were here.

Even so, the reason why he couldn't treat Sirone carelessly was because he felt an unusual prayer that was different from that of the criminal.

While attending magic academy for a year, Sirone's appearance also took off the traits of a mountain boy to some extent.

In particular, the high level of mental power raised through experience and training gained in actual battles emitted an aura that even guards unfamiliar with magic could feel.

“Amy is my friend. Is Amy inside?”

The guards tilted their heads as if wondering, then looked back at each other and signaled with their eyes.

Sirone had entered Amy's room half a year ago.

However, since that day, since he was Amy's boyfriend, there had been no cases of permission to enter, so it was natural that the guards, who did not know the incident at the time, could not be trusted.

“There are no guests booked today. If you have business, please follow the procedure separately.”

It was the answer as expected.

Sirone licked his lips and turned around.

I thought I would be able to get in right away if I was lucky, so I came, but things got tangled, so I had no choice but to write a letter and send it to the mansion.

“It’s okay. Let me in.”

Just then, a welcome voice was heard from inside the front door.

When Sirone turned back, Adele, the head of the Karmis family, stood there with a smile on her face.

The backs of the guards stood upright.

To them living together in the mansion, Adele seemed to feel like a messenger from hell.

Crossing the front door with a cane, Adele stopped in front of Sirone and looked into her eyes.

Recalling the memory of half a year ago, Sirone prepared her mind in advance.

This was the first time I had ever experienced eye pressing techniques.

If he was the butler of the Karmis family, he wouldn't have done his best, so he had to stay alert.

But Adele didn't come up with any technique. He only bowed politely, bowing his back at a right angle.

“Welcome, Master Sirone.”

Sirone stayed in a daze, relaxed, then hurriedly came to his senses and lowered his head.

“Yes, how have you been?”

“Heh heh, there is nothing different about the daily life of an old man. It looks like you’re here to see Miss Amy.”

“Yes, I’m sorry for coming without a message. Are you at home?”

Adele scratched her eyebrows in embarrassment.

“You are aware of the situation. In fact, maybe that's why Miss Amy has been feeling a little sick lately. The other day, Lady Seriel came to visit her, and she just went back.”

“Ah, I see.”

Seriel was Amy's best friend. If it was enough to send her back, it was said that her Amy was also her true heart.

But Sirone did not give up.

“Please tell me that I am here. But if you say you don't like it, I'll just go back."

Adele hesitated for a moment, then nodded.

In fact, after Amy failed her graduation exam, the atmosphere at the mansion was unreasonable. She wasn't the type to show her annoyance outwardly, though, so she couldn't come out and calm her down, just staring at her.

But with Sirone, things might change.

Anyway, this boy is the only friend who can enter Amy's house as a man.

"All right. Please wait.”

After giving instructions to the guards to respect Sirone, Adele climbed into the carriage waiting in the garden.

'It's been about half a year. What the hell happened?'

As the carriage started, Adele's expression became serious only then.

Pressing on men approaching Amy was a pastime and little fun that only the head butler could enjoy.

But this time, I couldn't even dare to try pressing.

It was because Sirone's mind was much sharper than before.

No, even the expression sharp was not enough.

'Eerie.'

The moment our eyes met to try pressing, I felt the hairs all over my body stand on end.

The overall temperament didn't seem to have changed much.

His intelligent, bright, and benevolent personality was the same as the one he had seen half a year ago.

However, the energy felt in his eyes was subtly sharp.

'Something else lives. A very terrifying monster... … .'

It was a fact that he could feel because he became the butler of the Karmis family, the best family.

I can't guess what it is, but once it harms me, it will surely jump out and chew itself up and swallow it.

The moment our eyes met, Adele realized that such a situation could never have happened.

It was such a violent and extreme monster.

'Is it okay if I let you in? Of course, there's no way he came to visit his friend with an uncontrollable mindset... … .'

Adele withheld judgment on this.

It's because there's no way Shakora, the head of the household, doesn't know what he knows. Of course, the parties had nothing to say.

When I thought about it, I smiled bitterly.

'… … What a crazy boy.'

How long ago had it been that I had a brief tingling feeling?

Sirone sealed such a monster deep inside.

'You've gotten stronger in half a year. It's a really great talent.'

The Karmis family is known as the lineage of geniuses. In particular, Amy's talent was unrivaled among the family.

However, the breadth of Shirone's growth was beyond imagination.

If Amy was the fastest sprinter among humans, Sirone was a giant whose stride itself was on a different level.

'What drives him?'

As the carriage stopped, Adele's thoughts also stopped.

With unanswered questions in mind, he opened the door to the mansion.

Quite a bit of time had passed since the graduation exams were over, but there was still a rather pious atmosphere.

It was a difficult problem for Adele, who had lived her whole life loving the colorful atmosphere of the Karmis family.

“My lord.”

Shakora, who was reading the newspaper, looked away.

“Sirone-kun came to visit Lady Amy. She is, but the lady has notified her house that she will not meet anyone... … .”

“Hmm, Sirone?”

Shakora understood Amy's feelings.

How would you feel if your daughter, who was united with pride, took the graduation exam in a mess?

However, Sirone had room to examine her intentions.

Even though Seriel was rejected, the feelings between men and women are completely different.

Isis, who was listening in the kitchen, came out and spoke.

“I’ll ask Amy first.”

Isis climbed the stairs and entered Amy's room on the second floor.

After a moment of chatter, she left the room and came to the railing and shook her head.

Adele, who had received Amy's will through that, bowed her head without a second thought.

“Then I will send Sirone-kun back.”

“No, let them come in.”

Isis made a worried expression at Shakora's words.

“But honey, Amy… … .”

"are you okay. When I saw Sirone at school, didn't I ask her to come? It's not polite to send it back like this. Yes I want to meet you Let me in.”

"All right."

Adele left the mansion with a much brighter face, thinking that she could at least not disappoint Sirone.

10 minutes later, Sirone arrived at the mansion.

Shakora sat on the couch waiting, and just in time Isis brought out a tray of tropical fruits.

Sirone walked over to Shakora and bowed her head.

“Hello, Father.”

“Yeah, welcome. Sit down.”

Sitting on the sofa, Sirone waited for the conversation to begin.

Upon entering, I heard that the atmosphere in the house was not good, so I did not mention Amy first.

Like Adele, Shakora sensed Sirone's subtly sharpened temperament at a glance.

At the time of the graduation exam, I didn't have time to look closely because I was worried about my daughter, but after my daughter was eliminated, I became interested in Sirone's performance as a parent.

'The kingdom's best prospect... … .'

Of course, this is an evaluation that excludes seniors.

However, I did not think that Sirone's rating would drop significantly even if the senior class was included.

Although it was not revealed to Amy, Shakora was her father who was so zealous that she scrapped articles happening in the Wizarding Society after she entered school. The student he listened to until his ears were worn out was Dante.

When Sirone defeated Dante, the first in the kingdom, even he in the world couldn't help but be surprised.

But looking at it now, it wasn't a fluke or luck.

In the eyes of the monk who spiritually formed a family, a desire to transcend the world was burning.

Adele called it a monster, but thought it was Shaco.

It was also Sirone.

'It's not something you can get anywhere. Are latent tendencies manifested in an acquired nature? But how?'

I have already received the anecdote about the harsh things that happened in Kazura Kingdom. Even so, it was too transcendental for an 18-year-old boy to embrace.

Realizing that they hadn't spoken for a long time, Shacora smiled bitterly as he returned to his out-of-arms father.

“Actually, it doesn’t hurt too much.”

“Yes, I know.”

Maybe it was, I thought.

But the reason I didn't think it was a lie was that it could be a condition more serious than physical pain.

Shakora scratched her head in difficulty.

“I honestly don’t know. It doesn't look like it's particularly difficult, but it looks a little disheartened. Would you understand?”

"sure. I would have too.”

Rather, it is bearable at first.

Since this has already happened, you may decide to start over.

However, if you think that you have to repeat the training for a year or so, failing the graduation exam will come to your bones.

With each passing day, the regrets would grow heavier and the sense of shame would weigh on his heart endlessly.

“Amy is strong. Since I was 12 years old, I really did my best to come this far. Maybe that’s why the wound is deeper.”

"Yeah, I'd better leave it alone for now. Anyway, that's how Amy is now."

Shakora declared surrender with a shrug. She meant that she couldn't help her daughter's mood.

Turning her gaze to the second floor, Sirone confirmed that Amy's room was tightly closed.

On the day the graduation exam was over, it seemed that I could hear the sad cries I heard outside the door of the dormitory.

“May I go up?”

Isis said with a puzzled expression.

“I asked, and Amy said she was sick and told me to send her back. She blindly approaches the child's personality... … .”

"haha! That's when you get hit, well.”

Sirone replied humorously. But on the other hand, he conveyed his intention to never give up.

Shakora sighed and thought.

Only Sirone can understand Amy's mind 100%.

Also, the fact that a caring child was stubborn meant that Amy's condition was much more serious than expected.

If there is no breakthrough, shock therapy would be a good option.

“I want to go to Amy's room. I won't allow it.”

"thank you."

Sirone left the sofa and climbed the stairs to the second floor.

Isis, who was watching the scene, asked Shakora with an anxious expression.

“Honey, what are you going to do? Amy's personality... … .”

"are you okay. You probably understand Amy's current state of mind better than anyone else. In fact, she's Shirone. It's enough when you go back. But if she wants to meet her until the end, it means she can't stay like this.”

“And what if things get worse?”

“Because it’s okay. More than anything else, you are Amy’s trusted friend.”

Isis glanced at Shakora and pursed her lips.

'Why are you praising a boy? stupid daughter... … .'

---------------------------------------