[683] Heonhwa (3)

* * *

'The rain is getting stronger.'

Sirone, who spread his wings, ran at full speed toward the flower.

Their formidable anti-aircraft defenses were disabled as all devices in the cloaking facility were disabled.

But that fact made me feel threatened.

'Is something strange?'

The state of life felt by the Ultima system was the night before the storm.

It seems to be standing still, but inside the huge iron tower seen through Jikji's eyes, numerous energies wander around like nerves, forming the shape of a real flower.

'Full power operation. They're plotting something.'

If you follow the mechanism of the input and output of life, it is obvious that a powerful energy beam is waiting.

'Could it be the capital city?'

It was fully possible, and this was the reason why Lufist tried to get as close to real life as possible, even at the cost of sacrifice.

“Brother Sirone.”

Mayray, who caught up with Sirone by teleportation, flew alongside with her wet body.

“You were safe. thank god."

Thinking that she had gotten to know her face to some extent, when Sirone spoke comfortably, Mayley smiled shyly as well.

First of all, she is also a wizard, but her skills are not outstanding enough to be classified as a combat agent.

Sirone thought that if she hadn't met her friends, she might have already died.

“I was lucky. It landed in an area with no enemies.”

“How is the signal?”

Mayray said, covering one ear.

“I can't hear anything. I keep checking, but there is not even a common noise. This is definitely strange.”

That La Enemy is no longer issuing orders.

'Is the design already finished? or not… … .'

Just as Sirone was lost in his thoughts, two people jumped over the building and approached.

“Rian. what?"

My eyes went to the goblin that was following me.

'This is the first goblin wearing glasses?'

When Sirone and Mayray stopped, Kido landed on the roof doing a somersault with a nimble motion.

“Whoa, finally we meet.”

Kido, who bent his legs in front of Sirone while holding all kinds of forms, pressed his glasses down and smiled.

“Hey, but who are you?”

Just the fact that he came with Rian made him believe that he wasn't an enemy.

“The commander of the speed killers.”

Kido, who said it in a playful way, shyly continued when Sirone didn't respond.

“… … The goblin that was, Kido.”

"What happened?"

When Sirone turned her head, Lian came over and explained.

As he had already guessed Enemy's intentions through his conversation with Ethella, his understanding was quick.

"I see. Corresponding to the sense of taste… … .”

“That’s how it is. Is this blue?”

When Kido pointed with his sharp fingernails, Mayley nodded.

“Hmm, this brings together Chok, Cheong, and Mi. But in order to track down Ra, we definitely need Hu.”

“Chagall must have already entered the real life. We don't have time either.”

Sirone was about to turn around, but Kido held out his hand.

"for a moment. Before that, I want to make a suggestion.”

Everyone turned to Kido.

“What suggestions?”

“Can I eat you guys if it’s okay?”

If information can be obtained by eating, it would be good to know the memories of Sirone and Mayray.

“I don’t care.”

Sirone looked at Mayray.

As long as she ate flesh, Armand would treat Sirone, but she had no means to recover.

Mayray said while touching her right ear.

“Wouldn’t it be nice to cut off your ears? Other body parts will result in loss of fighting power. If you don't have ears, the function of God's frequency will be strengthened.”

Kido opened his mouth in a daze, but Sirone strongly opposed it.

It was an issue that had already been discussed at the time of the test at the Silverling Guild.

“It is a last resort. If you can’t catch La Enemy with one sense, the function of communication is also important.”

Kido laughed and said.

“No need to worry. Even if it's not a body part, bodily fluids are enough. Also, there is a limit to information that can be transferred wherever you eat, unless it is a memory imprinted in a specific organ.”

Ryan said with a slightly unfair expression.

“You don’t need to eat much.”

"Whoops, that's the strength of my ability."

Goblins are a gluttonous race, but the objective amount they can eat is less than that of humans.

"Okay, then I'll give you my blood."

Sirone cut his left palm long and the blood dripped.

Because of the difference in height, Kido could drink just by raising his head.

“Hmm. Hmmm.”

Kido's eyes deepened as he rolled his tongue and savored the taste of blood.

"Right. Are you a very interesting person?”

“I don’t think you’re too formidable?”

“Kick-kick-kick! It's embarrassing to be surprised like this.”

Kido, whose lungs were shaking, spoke to Mayray.

“Goblins don't have manners, but they don't want to hurt women. If she doesn't want to cut her flesh, you can hand over the needle.”

Meirei, who was looking at Kido with an expressionless expression, held out her wrist.

“I will be tired.”

A look of disappointment crossed his face for a moment, but Kido approached with a mischievous expression before he knew it.

“Then don’t hesitate.”

Kido, who had bitten her wrist with sharp fangs, licked her lips and drew her blood.

As my eyelids fluttered, a certain memory came through.

'what? This?'

Few people lived a life as turbulent as Sirone's, but Mayray's memories were on a different level.

'what? What memory is this?'

“How long are you going to wash? it hurts."

"uh? Oh sorry."

Kido, who hurriedly opened his mouth, blinked and looked at Maylei.

"what's the matter?"

No information could be gleaned from her natural expression.

'Could it be that he doesn't even know himself?'

Kido, who had been thinking that far, suddenly realized.

'Right. Heck, hey, is this going to be so exciting? perhaps… … .'

It could have been a counter to La Enemy.

“Okay, I got it. Let's start.”

Taking advantage of the fact that time is running out, Kido urged them, and the party fled without muttering.

It rained like a hole in the sky.

* * *

There are 7 minutes and 32 seconds left until the fresh flower intercepts the capital.

Jane's footsteps, which calculated the time as a rule of thumb, gradually quickened.

To increase the speed, more blood was needed, and the resistance of the hand tightening the heart increased.

“Keugh! Keugh!”

The hand that gripped the heart had already lost sensation, but the mind-transcending magic was making the body move endlessly, exceeding the limits of human strength.

When looking at the human body as a machine, it was a task to replace the heart muscle with the arm muscle, but the durability could not be the same, and eventually the muscles and tendons began to break.

Because it was strict magic, not law, the physically functioning arm did not move anymore.

“Huh!”

Jane's eyes widened as her heart stopped again.

'With the other hand... … .'

I couldn't be more grateful for the fact that I had human arms on either side.

When the hand was switched and the heart contracted again, bodily functions returned and death was delayed.

In my ears, the sound of Aria's crying was spreading like an auditory hallucination, but I didn't have time to answer.

With her own death on her back, Jane entered the control room where the main system was located.

I couldn't take my hand off my heart, so I swung my hand, which had already had its muscles broken, like a stick to activate the device.

-Aria, the code... … .

As the crying stopped, an enormous amount of code rushed in.

Arya is also doing her best.

The remaining time is 6 minutes and 22 seconds.

You'd have to go to the cockpit to cancel the intercept itself, only to regain control, but Jane didn't have much time left.

'The president of the association will do it.'

- Mr. Jane! are you okay?

Even though it was only a voice, it was nice to be able to see someone off at the last moment.

-Aria, it's not your fault.

After a moment of silence, a calm voice permeated.

-The country will never forget your sacrifice.

After that, there was no contact.

Because I couldn't keep the spirit zone any longer.

'still… … .'

With her back against the cold mechanism, she looked up at the ceiling.

'Because I kept my promise.'

If you think of the happiest day in your life, there is no doubt that it was the day when Lufist took the position of the head of the Magic Association.

“Jane, you are a genius.”

Jane shrugged her shoulders at Rufist's words while looking out the window from the president's office.

"Yes."

“Have you ever felt superior in your life? In the sense that you are so much better than everyone else.”

“Um, wait a minute when you were very young? But why?”

“I have never felt anything like superiority. People say why don't you pursue your own personal interests? While possessing powerful magical abilities and titles. But humans aren't that great. A sense of superiority is also possible because there is a target for comparison. Neither a genius nor an idiot is nothing more than a part of the system after all.”

He became the president of the association after Gaold, but there were rumors in civil society that he was too extreme.

“I didn’t know you cared about the opinions of others, did you?”

“I don’t care. No, maybe you should care. The important thing is to face the facts.”

“What is the fact that the president of the association thinks?”

“Humans are not equal.”

Rufist was adamant.

“90% of human beings are responsible for production and reproduction. The remaining 10 percent of humans are consuming their resources and leading the way.”

"That's a bit of a disgusting mindset."

“It is disgusting. But what if it's true?”

Rufist turned to Jane.

“Most people don't know how the world works. We take the things around us for granted, like the air. It means you don’t think about why bread can be placed in front of you every morning.”

“It is nothing to blame.”

"that's right. What could be more valuable than life? All I'm saying is that some people can live because they're facing the hateful fact.”

Rufist looked back at the plaque bearing the name of Miquea Gaold, the head of the Magic Association, which had not yet been replaced.

“I will change now.”

Lufist shook his head and put his hand on the nameplate.

“Gaold was popular. It's to the extent that there are even royal guards. It's human and has the power to attract people's hearts. But, Jane, emotions alone cannot keep the system going. If Gaold sympathizes with human suffering at the extreme of the individual, I protect humans at the extreme of the system at the opposite point. Even if it's disgusting, I think that's the mission I have to do as a key part of the kingdom of the Magic Association President."

“… … okay."

It was a very personal inaugural address dedicated only to Jane.

“I am grateful to you. I wouldn't have been able to come this far without you."

Jane scratched her head shyly at the compliment she hadn't given in her entire life.

“No, it’s something you have to do. Besides, I became the chief secretary.”

"so… … .”

Rufist looked back with his hands behind his back bluntly and spoke briefly.

“I wish you well in the future.”

Jane's eyes narrowed.

'It was the greatest honor of my life.'

Jane recalled that day like that.

I have come this far and have no big regrets in life, but I endlessly clutched my heart because I wanted to look back at the happiest memory for the last time.

However, as the muscle in his wrist ruptured, even that became impossible, so he pulled his hand out of his stomach.

As oxygen to her brain was cut off, her mind was also sucked into a deep abyss.

end of life.

Have you lived without regrets?

'Respected president of the association.'

A beautiful smile formed on her lips as she lowered her head weakly.

'Was I a key accessory?'

Jane's heart stopped.

---------------------------------------