[680] Occurrence of the five senses (4)

* * *

Chagall had only one dagger left, but the attacks on Etella were simultaneous.

Dozens of scabbards appeared on Etela's arms and legs, which were in a defensive posture while protecting her main organs.

His superhumanly trained muscles did not tolerate even a single drop of blood loss, but even that was now reaching its limits.

Chagall annoyedly kicked as the schema's function rapidly declined and consciousness faded away.

Instead of a sharp attack that pierced the flesh, when the whole torso was pushed away, Etella fell backwards.

"why?"

Chagall, who is said to be cruel, is ranked among the hundredth in the world, but he is not an innate psychopath, so his stomach swells.

“Why aren’t you fighting back?”

The Leaf Circus has never existed in the world.

The reason why I couldn't say no even though I was denied the clear memory I felt through my five senses was because the idea that it could possibly be was at the bottom of my unconscious.

'Only the smell is clear.'

He has a superhuman sense of smell that humans do not have, but the nostalgia of the incident does not convey visual information.

There are only memories that he remembers vividly, but if you look deeply into it, even Tia's face doesn't come to mind.

“Archbishop Raphael did not kill you.”

Waking up from his thoughts, Chagall glared at the fallen Etella.

“If it is Master's will, I will follow it.”

"testament? Won't you kill me?"

Chagall strode forward and pointed the dagger at Etella's throat.

“If you say it that way, does your master's honor increase in the slightest? i killed it Why would he keep me alive, the greatest killer in the world?”

Ethella recalled the teachings of Archbishop Raphael.

“Having the power to defeat evil does not make it good. Aren't you the same?”

Because her limbs were weak, Ethella only turned her head and met Chagall's eyes.

"sacrifice. The courage to burn yourself up for good and embrace the devil. Master said that is the true value of Zen.”

“Fuck the bullshit.”

There was a time when I lived with forgiveness.

Because I believed that someone else would have forgiven me too.

But it is always the evil who does the wrong.

Eliminating all possibility of evil was the only way to purify the world.

“Can you tell me what words Master left right before he passed away?”

“I don’t remember.”

Chagall shook his head as if his throat was stiff.

"does not matter. I realized it the moment I saw you.”

"what? What do you know about me?”

It occurred to me that I must kill this woman as soon as possible.

“If you kill all the evil in the world, will the world of good come?”

Chagall pressed the dagger down Ethella's throat and exhaled a heavy breath.

“The battle between good and evil is not that simple. Peace comes only when all evil turns to good. Master wanted to convey that huge long-cherished wish.”

Chagall's voice leaked out as if squeezed out.

"no. what do you know... … .”

If one day all humans suddenly turn to good hearts, like magic, the suffering in the world will disappear.

obviously possible.

It is also so easy, why does humanity consider it unattainable and even impossible?

"What kind of pain I've been through, I'm not like you!"

Chagall, who grabbed Etella's neck, held the dagger in reverse and slashed it down at the forehead.

- Forgive me.

The blade stopped right in front of Etella's eyes.

'Captain.'

Why did Raiden say that right before he died?

'What? What do you mean forgive me?'

Chagall raised his arm again.

“Aaaaaaa!”

- You must forgive! Chagall!

“Fuck! Guess!”

As if someone had grabbed his wrist, his arm wouldn't go down, and Chagall cried out in tears.

'Why did you kill him? why!'

Had Raiden figured out that everything was fake?

Is that why the disciple cruelly erased Tia, whom he loved so much, from the world?

'It's already too late! There is no turning back now!'

He lied to Ethella, but he hadn't forgotten it for a moment since he killed Raphael.

-The way back is behind you.

“What are you saying to me!”

Since losing all of his loved ones, he has killed countless humans.

Since anyone can choose evil, all possibilities, regardless of good or evil, have been destroyed.

“But fake? Tia didn't exist? All my life was an illusion?”

That alone was unacceptable.

"no! Tia is real! My life is real too! I'm a killer! It is the evil of evil!”

Chagall, throwing the dagger, climbed on top of Ethella and shook her shoulder.

“It’s Tia! tell the truth! You are Tia!"

If the word came out of her mouth, I felt like I would be able to laugh even if I fell into hell right now.

"no. I don't know you.”

"shut up! You are Tia!”

Chagall kissed Ethella as he did Tia.

'Yes, Tia is right.'

The familiar smell of saliva, sweat, and flesh.

“Damn it! Why can't I remember!"

There was only the smell.

'La Enemy.'

Accepting Chagall's kiss defenselessly, Etella recalled the terrifying will of Ra.

'I don't know why they're doing this, but it won't work the way you think.'

“Tia! Tia!”

Nemesis was put in Etela's hand, and her imagination became a reality.

"tea… … .”

Chagall with a surprised expression lifted his upper body and looked around.

- Chagall! Clean quickly! The show starts in two hours!

-Hey, your trapeze skills have improved a lot.

The events at the Leaf of Grass Circus were passing quickly.

- Chagall, you are the ace from now on.

None of the members, Tia, and the audience, who were as precious as family, took on a human form, and all of them were swaying in black smoke.

“Uh uh uh… … .”

Chagall's mouth opened slowly and his eyes rolled upward.

“Master was like a father to me.”

Awakened by Etella's voice, Chagall looked down at her.

Tears flowed from the eyes behind the glasses.

“I think I will die of hating you. but… … I will love you to the extent of the hate I feel.”

The moment it is consumed by anger, good is defeated by evil.

“So come back. Come back and put everything back.”

The dazed Chagall staggered to his feet.

'Come back?'

I am not afraid to die.

Just as Ethella can endure any pain for good, Chagall was also the one who put everything down at the extreme of evil.

'I can't do that.'

There was something that must be done before paying the price.

'Kill it.'

He will bring out La Enemy, who thoroughly played with his life, and stab him in front of his eyes.

'Poke, poke, poke, poke, poke!'

His anger amplified just by imagining it, and his hands trembled.

'kill! kill! I will kill you!'

“Teacher Ethella!”

Sirone fires a photon cannon continuously.

It was so powerful that the wall collapsed, but Chagall had already thrown himself over the building.

Sirone's eyes tightened as he checked Etella.

"you! What did you do to the teacher... … !”

Ethella stood up and said.

“It’s okay, Sirone.”

"teacher!"

“Leave it alone. I have an idea.”

Chagall, who had heard that far, turned his head slightly from the railing.

“… … What is your name?”

“This is Romi Ethella.”

“Ethella.”

Tia did not exist in this world.

“Don't wait. I am not going back.”

As soon as he finished speaking, Chagall's figure disappeared.

Sirone, who was glaring fiercely at the rooftop, relaxed her expression again and ran to Etella.

“Teacher, are you okay?”

She is holding on with her schema ability, but the wounds are too deep to recover right away.

'Teacher Etella was beaten like this... … .'

Then I saw that everyone was dead.

Goblin, Pidu, and Tubo, as well as his own mercenaries.

'This many numbers alone?'

As Etella sat down against the wall of the building, Sirone, who had escaped from her thoughts, asked.

“Sir, why did you just send it?”

“He is unforgivable. There will be many more killings in the future.”

“Then even more… … .”

“Sirone-kun must have noticed by now.”

Sirone shut his mouth.

“Everything that has happened so far is no coincidence. It is the design of someone staying outside of causality.”

“La Enemy.”

Ethella nodded.

“Master already knew. Humanity is already the puppet of La Enemy, and it is impossible to distinguish how much is real and what is fake. Three of the five senses have already gathered in Radum. In the case of Mayray, he is a person capable of manipulating events on a cosmic scale.”

Was it really a coincidence that Mayray woke up from a dream during an oracle?

The human makes the puppet dance, but the puppet will think of itself as dancing.

“Honestly, I don’t even know. Was it my pure will to send Chagall or was it part of La Enemy's design? If he took revenge on Chagall, would it be an incident that deviated from La Enemy’s design?”

In the end, nothing can be known.

“La Enemy has a completely different strength from the enemies I have fought so far. If he wanted to kill Sirone-kun, it would have been too easy.”

“Perhaps.”

would have died

Whether Miro killed, Gaold killed, or the whole world stepped in and killed Sirone, it was La Enemie who had the ability to create such an event.

“I don’t know the intention, this is my honest judgment. That's why Master wouldn't have killed Chagall either. I decided to die to see exactly what La Enemy was after.”

It was a judgment worthy of a person who has reached the extreme of indifference.

“I also intend to follow Master's will. No matter what choice you make, if you can't break free from Ra's snare, you can only watch and wait for your chance. When all five senses, the sum of all human beings, come together, there will definitely be opportunities.”

“Can we win?”

Can humanity escape from the bondage of Ra Enemy?

“It is not a matter of choice. We need a compass. A person who can judge and act based on absolute standards, regardless of emotions, beliefs, events or variables.”

That's Kar.

“It will be a tough fight. But it is not without hope.”

Ethella looked back at Sirone.

“Go to the living room. Even if it's under his design, all we can do is meet La Enemy.”

Sirone looked back at the flower.

Looking back on why La Enemy didn't kill those who stood out for their particular senses, in the end, those who would come would come and those who would die would die.

'I can't tolerate it.'

Humans are not puppets.

“I’ll be back, sir.”

Even though she was injured, Etela would be able to protect her body.

“It must never be broken.”

Smiling, Sirone paid a moment of silence for the dead mercenaries and flew up into the sky.

When Sirone disappeared, Etella's expression turned to sadness again.

'Master, I'm sorry.'

I said I hated it and threw it away.

I was afraid because it was sincerity that broke my will, and I didn't have the confidence to fight the huge evil that would come in the future.

'You shouldn't have gone like that. It's too much of a burden for me. Can I?'

Can I sincerely forgive Chagall?

Raindrops began to fall on Etella's face as she looked up at the gray sky.

---------------------------------------