Coming Disaster (3)

Becros Kingdom was the smallest country among the 10 kingdoms in the archipelago.

The population living on the island is approximately 2 million, and the fishing industry is developed, and it is a place where the leisure of the South is abundant.

And in the village of Arar, southeast of the island, Sirone awoke happily.

“O uh”

--- TH ?

The warm sunlight and the cool sound of the waves seemed to invigorate the tired body.

“I slept really well.”

The moment he muttered that, Sirone realized it again and stood up.

"what!"

I don't know.

“What happened!”

When I got out of bed and opened the door, the tanned children stopped playing ball and waved.

“Sirone hyung, are you awake?”

Just looking at the foamy sea made my stomach clear, but my mind got more and more confused.

'It's here again.'

After meeting Fermi in the southern continent, he crossed over to the 10th Kingdom of the Archipelago to return to the Ivory Tower.

'Because the fastest way to jump to Corona Kingdom is to use the Becros terminal.'

It was certain so far.

'however… …

It's already been 10 days since Sirone is strong.

“Why can’t I get out?”

It's stuck in the village.

“Today as well. It's because Sirone hyung won't leave. Did you dream again?”

Sirone looked down at the 10-year-old boy.

“Mycon.”

I remember.

He was the son of a married couple who brought lunch when they first arrived in Ar-Ar Village.

"I?"

"huh. You say that you don’t have time every day, but in the end, you say you’ll take another day off.”

Was it?

"ah......"

Sirone recalled the memory of having a party with the residents past midnight last night.

'It was.' Torches light the night, the smell of sizzling fish, wine and dinner, people laughing and talking.

everything was alive

“Puhahaha! You are very pleasant. I thought wizards were cold and blunt.”

The village chief, Begpa, pushed a beer mug.

“Ah, no. When you play, you have to play.”

Sirone, who was already drunk and her nose was red, made a toast to break her beer glass.

“Yeah, that’s right. Even during World War II, this town is safe. We have never been invaded before.”

Begfa always said the same thing when he was drunk.

“Do you know what ar ar means? It is an onomatopoeic expression of the breath of God. This place is specially protected by God Becca.”

Sirone chimed in.

“Yeah, that’s right.”

“There is a powerful power in Becca Shin's breath. They make waves to make a living, but they say they become sharp like a knife when angry. Even now, there is a place where the breath of God Becca is engraved on the cliffs of Mero.”

"yes. I saw it too. I was really surprised. It was not a mark that a person could engrave.”

"of course! what have you heard so far? That must be the breath of God Becca!”

Sirone doesn't believe in superstition, but there was no need to argue about that at a drinking party.

“Oh, right! I must have been drunk.” A hoarse voice was heard.

“Of course you should!”

A fat man with a grilled fish skewer in each hand walked along with his beautiful daughter.

“Uncle Yasuka.” As the best fisherman in the village, he was a strong trader.

“You can forget about war in Ar-Ar! now! Let’s eat this and get drunk again!”

When Yasuka handed over the grilled fish skewer, his daughter Lua approached with a smile.

“Hello Sirone. Does it look interesting?” Like her father, she was tall, and her bronzed body was stocky and slender like that of a wild horse.

"huh. It's been a while since I've had such a comfortable time.”

Lua's popularity skyrockets in the village, but Yasuka likes Sirone.

“Yes, yes, being happy is the best. Instead, settle down here with our daughter.”

“Dad is really… …

Lua didn't seem to like it either.

"What's up? If it's Sirone, even Dad will be relieved. You're good, wizard. And you repaired all the broken houses, right? With great magic skills.”

“I knew I would. Are you getting married just because you fixed the house? Sirone, don't mind."

Sirone trembled.

"haha! am i good I like this town very much. Besides, I have no responsibility now.” yeah everything is over 'Let's forget everything. Fermi knows

You will do well. No war, no name Yahweh...

Although he had turned his back on the world, it was nothing compared to the joy of having laid down the huge burden of humanity.

"uh?"

At this point, for the first time, Sirone felt a strange feeling about her memories.

'The realm of Yahweh... …

Apparently I talked to Fermi about it.

'What were you talking about? I don't remember. did you make a deal? No, it can't be. Still Yahweh... …

It was alive in Sirone's mind.

'Time width, thinness, granularity, resonance. feel it all Nothing has passed to Fermi yet. But why?'

Memories go on.

“Halariolle! Rayerola!”

Ar-Ar's unique folk music rang out, and people danced in pairs.

Sirone and Lua held hands and turned around.

"ha ha ha! Ha ha ha ha ha!"

The world was spinning, the alcohol was spinning.

“Sirone, this way.”

Leaving the party holding Sirone's wrist, Lua ran to the edge of the sandy beach.

= = = =

O? "3三 "3三 "5” ?

The sound of drums faded away, and the two looked at each other in the moonlight.

“Sirone.”

Lua, whose eyes were shining brightly, suddenly approached and kissed Sirone.

“I like you. i like you."

The people of Ar-Ar are honest with their feelings.

“Luah?????

Amy's face came to mind for a moment, but Sirone tried to erase her existence.

'Sorry. I can't go back.'

I didn't want to take a single step into the outside world, where a terrible life awaited me.

'Here forever... …

In the village of Ar-Ar, which is protected by the gods.

'I'm living.'

Shirone pulled Rua's body and kissed her who was already waiting.

The two fell on the sandy field, but one mana piece of clothing was undone with a single touch.

O'. ? Stone". '?

The sound of drums did not stop all night long.

"no!"

Sirone groaned.

“It can’t be.”

It was her own memory, so she had no choice but to accept it, but there were parts that she did not understand.

'I'm Lua... …

The touch of her lips, the touch of her flesh, even her scent and the sound of the scenery were clear.

'It can't be. I still love Amy. Even if she's drunk... … . no way?'

One thought crossed my mind.

'Is it memory distortion?'

Aside from La Enemy, it wasn't impossible for a spirit-type magician.

'But who?'

Is it possible to manipulate the mind of an infinite wizard?

'Besides, it doesn't make sense logically. In my memory, I entrusted everything to Fermi. But actually, Yahweh's realm is with me. this is the key

hey.'

It's just a hypothesis after hypothesis, but if you're not a clumsy wizard, it's quite vicious.

'Or something I don't know... …

Maicon shrugged and sighed.

'He's a really good older brother without this.' It was strange that he, who is normally calm, was angry like a fire every morning.

'I must have nightmares every day.'

Since she came from the outside world where the war was in full swing, Sirone must have had painful memories as well.

“Stop calming down and have breakfast at my house. Let's eat quickly and go to Mero Cliff.”

“Mero Cliffs?”

Maicon pointed to the cliffs along the shore.

“There is a place where my brother goes every day to practice. I will go in the morning and stay until the sun goes down.”

Sirone looked at the cliff.

'I don't remember this either.'

Since memories are inherently oblivious, it is only possible to know which memories have been erased only when you encounter keywords.

'More information than expected was deleted.'

After all, if he had visited the cliff without missing a day, there must have been an obvious reason.

“I’m sorry, Maicon, but today… …

"i know. don't eat Are you going to say you don’t have time?” Sirone, who stared at Maicon's triumphantly smiling face, turned his head.

"okay. I do not have time."

As Sirone, who cast teleportation, rushed to the cliff, Maicon opened his mouth.

“This is really awesome… …

No matter how many times I watched this, I never got tired of it.

'It's here.'

Looking down at the cliff from the sky, Sirone confirmed that circles of various sizes were carved on the ground.

'Extremely large. It's a circle that can never be drawn without measuring it in the sky.'

No, it is something to be seen at the end of the universe.

'Because it's perfect.'

The circle, which the villagers call proof of God's breath, was no different from an angel's halo.

Sirone looked back at the forest on the land side.

“Hmm.”

The transcendental senses that opened up to the ninth sense were longing for the forest like thirst.

'okay. The body remembers.'

After entering the forest, Sirone opened the Spirit Zone and found traces of the past.

'There is something over there.'

Among the synesthesias coming through the spirit zone, there was a particularly annoying object.

Arriving in front of an ordinary tree, Sirone reached into the trunk and grabbed a notepad.

'It's made of material.'

As part of the markings, one page was made of heavy heavy metal. When I turned the cover, the passphrase was written in thick lines.

'This… … Syrone code.'

It may sound childish, but Sirone has created a code by combining her own private secrets.

For example, 'Amy's breasts' was replaced with the letter X, and when deciphered, it was converted to 'don't know'.

Even if the diagram is extracted, it is difficult to decipher because it can be interpreted as 'touching' or 'desire' depending on the person.

'Emotional code governed by feeling. Instead of writing a diary, I've been making it whenever I'm bored... …

It was helpful in this situation.

“Let’s see… …

Sirone deciphered the ciphers made up of numerous strings at once.

It was shocking.

'First time!, don't extract the chips in your head. could cause death? What do you mean?'

Sirone hurriedly touched his head.

' there is!'

A small incision was palpable behind the ear.

'Have you put a chip on it?'

Perhaps it is true.

'If it's a physical device, it has nothing to do with mental power. That's why I was able to manipulate memories.'

who the hell

I quickly searched through the memo, but yesterday's Sirone couldn't even confirm it.

'Wake up time every day at 8:30 am. That's right, it was like that today.'

read on

'Ar-Ar village escape plan. time vibration. Requires a minimum amplitude of 24 hours.'

If you flip the timeline up to 24 hours, you can recognize the past as the present from 12 hours ago.

'Then it will be 8:30 last night. It's almost the same time as the events in my memory.'

What happened in that time period.

'He seems to have trained here.'

Sirone saw the record of raising the ability of Time Vibration day by day.

'When should I implement it?'

After checking the last page, Sirone finally realized what kind of memories she had lost.

“Today.”

that too now.

'Time Vibration!'

An incomparable gigantic period of time swayed from Sirone's body.