[51] Strange Study Group (3)

“My major is computational physics. Judging from the scale, speed, and shape of space, such a phenomenon could never occur except in the universe. The numbers are too big to implement on the continent.”

“But how could I have such a dream? If it's a psychological regression, it's my memory, but I've never been to space.”

“Perhaps, but memories can exist even if you don’t go to space. And from here on, it's Nade's major again.”

As soon as I heard Iruki's words, a thought popped into my head.

“A portrait… … .”

Nade nodded.

"okay. In the soul transfer experiment, the death row inmate was aware of the situation in each country that had occurred for a month in a state of unconsciousness. How could that be? Did you hear the story because the soul is like a flying dove? Of course it could be, but I think it's too anthropocentric way of thinking. Eyes and ears are biological organs with precise developmental systems. There can be no such thing in the soul. A soul would be a substance with unique properties. Strange things happened as it was electrically decomposed. Combining with other information, or flying quickly beyond time and space.”

Iruki agreed with Nade's words.

“Electrons cannot observe and measure at the same time. It's like plucking a guitar string and not being able to determine where the strings are. It exists only as a probability within the range of vibration. This is called quantization, and if the soul were ionized, even the universe wouldn't matter. It is a world in which the correlation between time and distance has collapsed.”

Sirone slowly shook her head. Nothing had been resolved yet, but it felt like my fears had disappeared as my own logic and evidence were presented.

"hmm. I think I'm getting the hang of it now. thank you so much. Are you a member of the Supernatural Psychic Science Research Fellow?”

"haha! Shouldn't be that surprised. Anyway, don't worry too much. It's not because I'm cursed. It seems to be related to the immortal function, but let's investigate that part in the future.”

Sirone nodded and made up his mind.

"good! I'm going to join the Supernatural Psychic Research Society.”

Nade had no reason to refuse. Above all, when Sirone comes in, there will be three members. It will be officially registered as a research society, and the support fund that was cut off a year ago will come out.

“We are welcome anytime. Iruki, don't you agree?"

“Hmm. For the vision of the study group, Sirone is definitely a good recruit. But will the management team admit it? There must be many teachers who oppose it because it is so notorious?”

“Leave that to me. All you have to do is bring the paperwork without the teachers knowing. Come on, let's start right away!”

Nade left the lab as if he couldn't wait even for a moment, and Sirone smiled and followed Iruki. She then looked around the lab just before she closed the door. It's no different from her warehouse and it's dusty, but thinking of her as her own study group from now on, I felt her charm.

“But I will have to clean up.”

Sirone closed the door and turned off the lights outside. There was no sign of anything in the dark room. The dust on the sofa was quietly spinning around the place where Sirone sat.

overflow(1)

The atmosphere in the teacher's room was busy unlike usual.

Most of the teachers who finished the class waited for the next class while drinking tea or chatting, but now all the teachers were sorting the papers in unison.

The task of classifying dozens of applications for admission one by one, writing them in a report, and handing them over to the department in charge took more labor than expected.

Shiina, who had just returned from class, went to the pile of papers on the large desk without a word.

"oh. All of them are application forms? There's a lot going on this week.”

"haha. It's the end of the semester, isn't it? It always happens around this time of year.”

When the semester ends and vacation begins, students must submit papers with free topics until the next semester. 

However, since this performance evaluation can be replaced with a presentation of a study group, it has been a recent trend for students who do not have a study group to temporarily join a study group at the end of the semester.

Saad, who is helping with the work, said.

“The kids just grow hair. It wasn't like this before. I was passionate about research meetings and performance evaluations. I think kids these days only care too much about efficiency.”

"haha! It's different from before. The competition is more fierce than it was 10 years ago, and the kids will be stressed out in their own way. The reason for opening a temporary study group is to buy time for personal study.”

“That’s true, but are you obsessed with performance too much? There is such a thing as romance in school days.”

The teacher only smiled bitterly, perhaps sympathizing with Sade's words. After taking her documents, he was about to hand them over to her department, but Shiina found them under her desk.

“There is one missing here.”

"what? when did you come in? It looks like you left it in class.”

“Whoops. It seems you were in a hurry.”

Shiina looked at the documents to see which student was messing around. She then fixed her spectacles, doubting her eyes as she identified her name.

"this… … It says Sirone, right?”

The teacher peeked out his face to check.

"okay. Ariane Sirone. I thought he wasn't interested in the study group. Well, since all of the students are cheating, there must be some things that can't be helped.”

Sade took the application form and looked at it, then frowned.

“I don’t think so, do you? This research society is quite famous, isn’t it?”

“Show me again.”

Shiina received the application form from Sade and looked at the research society that Sirone joined.

It was a famous place indeed.

'Supernatural Psychic Research Society.'

It was a name like a thunderbolt in the dry sky. 

My head still throbs when I think of the fight I've had with graduates from here every year since I started teaching.

'what? Come to think of it… … .'

Didn't most of the troublemakers in the Supernatural Psychic Research Society graduate the previous year? I remembered hearing at first that the support fund was cut off because the number of members was insufficient.

said the teacher with a smile.

“Come to think of it, I heard that Iruki also belongs to this research institute. Maybe we're right for each other?"

Sade let out a devastated laugh.

“I heard that it was great during the targeting test. But, surprisingly, they seem to get along well. I don't think he's the right personality."

Shiina said with a throbbing expression.

"yes. So that is the problem.”

If Iruki, whose talent is second to none, had seduced him, even the stubborn Sirone might have changed his mind.

But Iruki. 

Aren't you the best idiot in school? Even though they were both geniuses, Shirone and Iruki pursued opposite directions.

It may be helpful for each other's development, but it was a problem that one side could be eaten or a collision could cause co-destruction. If that happened, it would be a huge loss for the school.

'I'd rather be fine. At this point, let's break the link of evil.'

Shiina opened the file and looked at who the chairman of the Supernatural Spirit Science Research Society was.

As expected, it was Nade. 

A research group to which two people who are said to be best friends with Sirone belong.

At this point, he seemed to understand why Sirone, who had been shunning the research society until now, had joined.

'Nade's teacher is... … .'

Shiina looked for the teacher in charge, pointing to the names of the teachers. And the moment she confirmed her name, she sighed and touched her forehead.

'ha. All in all... … .'

* * *

A training center located outside the magic school.

Ethella was sitting cross-legged and lost in meditation.

The Karsis Monastery she belonged to was the best monastery in the kingdom, with over 1,000 monk apprentices. Hundreds of children come in holding their parents' hands every year, but only a few become monks with their talents recognized.

Etella was unique among such children. 

She became the youngest bishop after ostracizing numerous high-ranking nobles, even royalty.

The position of bishop is not a position that can be climbed simply because of excellent skills. The reason why Ethella came into the eyes of the ancestors was because he discovered his nature as a seeker.

I will be the light and salt of the world.

Etella, who swore to live her life with this mindset, turned away from wealth and fame and was appointed as a teacher at Alpheas Magic School.

'thank you. Thank you for allowing me to safely finish my training today.'

That is why Ethella is different from other teachers. First of all, the origin itself was not a school or magic association, but a religious order.

If a wizard looks at the world critically, a monk wants to keep the world in mind as a whole without analyzing it.

Infinite gratitude for nature, which made me exist, and a sense of duty to share that heart with others were all that made her.

Ethella slowly opened her eyes. There was a difference in the pupils penetrating the air.

Through the Spirit Zone, I was able to detect a woman approaching this place. A woman approaching was felt through the Spirit Zone. 

It is difficult to determine the gender of the subject with a normal Spirit Zone. However, she was Joner, the authority of the Spirit Zone, and her search ability was higher than that of other wizards.

If the normal spirit zone is compared to air, Jonah's spirit zone can be described as liquid. Because the density of the medium is so high, synesthesia can be felt much more clearly.

Ethella got up and waited for the guest. After a while, Shiina opened the door and came in, and she greeted her with a smile.

"welcome. Mr. Shiina.”

Shiina wasn't surprised that Ethella was waiting in advance. I was well aware of how sharp Jonah's Spirit Zone was.

“You were doing it. Am I in the way?”

"no. I was just about to finish it. Come on in."

“Then excuse me.”

It was rare for Shiina to visit the training center. Thinking the story would be long, Etella heated up the tea.

A cushion was laid out, but sitting on the floor was unfamiliar to Shiina. However, she politely knelt down and politely accepted the tea Ethella handed her to her.

Having heard that it is polite in the order to refrain from talking while drinking the first cup, Shiina did not say a word until after the bitter tea had been emptied.

Even though it was summer, the sun was long, but the golden sunset was thick. Wanting to start a conversation before it gets dark, Shiina empties her teacup a little faster.

As if Ethella was considerate, she opened her mouth first.

"I guess it's not an easy task to come all the way here."

"yes. I have something to discuss.”

"okay. What is it?”

"Isn't Nade in charge of Ms. Etella?"

"yes. He is a bright and good student. Her grades are above average, but she has enough talent. He gets along well with children.”

“Did you know that he is the president of the Supernatural Psychic Research Society?”

"of course. Did Nade do anything bad?”

Shiina erected her upper body as if revealing a determined attitude.

“I'm trying to dissolve the study society that the child is president of. He came because he thought it would be the right thing to ask for the teacher’s understanding in advance.”

Ethella smiled gently and sipped the tea. After being lost in her thoughts for a long time, she opened her mouth.

“If it's Shiina-sensei's will, it must be for the sake of the students. But this time, I want to hear the reason.”

“Since long ago, there have been many incidents in the Supernatural Psychic Research Society. It was a research society that gained notoriety even before I took office. Of course, there were achievements equivalent to that, so the school side left it alone, but now the situation has changed. Looking through the documents, there was not a single formal presentation held in the past three years. On the contrary, I have only done things that were not enough even if I was disciplined.”

“But, as Shiina-sensei said, isn’t it the past? The students currently active are Nade, Iruki, and Sirone. The key is what kind of activities those kids do that are second to none in Class Four. Can't you watch a little more? Besides, the supernatural psychic science research society has quite a tradition in Alpheas Magic School. I know that the head of the Magic Association, Mr. Gaold, is also from there.”

---------------------------------------