[223] 1. Memories of Galliant (3)

“Isn't it already too late? I heard you only stay for 10 minutes?”

“That’s why I said I had to wake up quickly. I forgot because I was too busy taking care of you. I figured it out because the number of tourists didn’t decrease even at night.”

“Ah, please.”

The water dragon Chaios is known to travel across three oceans across the equator over a period of 10 years.

It takes about 10 minutes to settle on Galliant Island, and the number of tourists who come to see the dragon reached a whopping 2,000.

When we arrived at the port, it was so full of people that there was no room to squeeze in. It seemed impossible to get to the dock on foot.

Someone shouted 10 minutes left.

Kanis, who was estimating the proportion of darkness in the surrounding space, grabbed Arin's hand.

“Then, excuse us.”

The two quickly disappeared under the shadows. If you cast Dark Fort, you could go to your destination without being noticed. 

Sirone and the others were dazed. Amy, in particular, slammed her fists and cursed Kanis' looks. Hearing the names and parts of the animals being described, he seemed quite resentful.

"What do we do? Is there any way to get inside?”

“I’ll talk to the people on the port side. wait."

Amy caught Jess as she tried to run to the management office.

“Well, it’s already too late. Can't we just watch it here?"

Someone shouted that they had 5 minutes left.

At that moment, flashes of light erupted from the end of the crowd and began to embroider the night sky with light. They were wizards from the continent who came to see Kaios.

Sirone and Amy looked back at each other and smiled.

"good! let's go!"

Sirone and the others, who flew up by teleportation, naturally blended into the flash. How do you know who is a student and who is a wizard in a situation like this?

Contrary to the expectation that the breakwater side would be the most crowded, most people gathered outside the dock.

Although Kaios did not harm anyone on Galliant Island, it seemed that he was afraid of dragons.

On the other hand, wizards and swordsmen who were accustomed to fighting to the death were gathered inside the dock.

It was possible to realize how popular dragons were with the population density of trained people, which can only be seen in the capital's mercenary market.

"Hey, I've got a seat for you."

Canis, who arrived first, greeted her friends without changing a single expression. Amy rolled up her arms and walked over.

“You traitor! Are you running away to live alone?”

“Is there a need to come out until you live and die? You can come and see.”

At that moment, people shouted. 

Realizing without seeing what had happened, Sirone and the others immediately turned around and ran to the tip of the dock.

A huge barrier of water was pushing in from the distant sea. Judging by its size and speed, it was more than enough to submerge a port.

“Huh? uh uh uh?”

Sirone and the others were stunned. As the tsunami approached 200 meters away, I was out of breath.

Just when I thought I was going to be swept away, a huge object rose vertically from the water.

The shape of the water collapsed, and a huge waterway weighing thousands of tons was drawn by Caios and gushed out.

“Aaaaaa! Aww!”

Sirone and the others screamed as if they were electrocuted. The dragon raised the entire sea. It was a magical power with no end in sight.

The ascending waterway spread like a fountain 300 meters in the sky, creating dozens of arches.

Kaios, who had trapped himself in an arch with a radius of more than 1 kilometer, showed off his overwhelming appearance.

Oh oh oh oh oh!

A sad and beautiful cry embroidered the sea.

At that moment, a light burst from behind Sirone. People were aiming cylindrical devices at the water dragon and shooting light at it.

“Why are you doing that? Are you attacking me?”

Jis laughed at Sirone's innocent words.

“No, that is an optical camera. It is said to be a device that can contain light as it is, but it is extremely expensive. But on a day like today, it sells like hot cakes. There are even professional photographers traveling around the world taking only kaios.”

As Kaios showed off his elegant flight as if he were swimming, large firecrackers prepared by the Galliant Autonomous Government filled the sky.

According to Jess, the revenue from tourism is huge, so he spares no money.

Watching the dragon swimming between the flames of firecrackers permeate the arch made of water columns was the sweetest thing the eyes could taste.

Amy looked back at Jess with sparkling eyes.

“Thank you, Jess. This alone is worth coming to the island.”

“Hehe, you promised. I’ll give you a proper tour.”

Tess was stimulated by the sight of Canis and Arin holding hands affectionately. Thinking that she couldn't miss such a good opportunity, she slipped into her arms and hugged Lian.

“What, what is it? What are you doing all of a sudden?”

Tess's eyes widened in bewilderment as Rian hated it, as if it were an insect.

“Hey, isn’t that too much? No matter how hideous I am, would I be worse than your forearm?”

“Oh, no, this is not like that. I was really surprised.”

Normally, I would have been upset with the feeling of disappointment, but the spectacular scenery on the sea was so splendid and beautiful that I even forgot such feelings.

The water dragon turned to the audience as if to say goodbye. The arch spread rapidly toward the distant sea, and 12 firecrackers exploded in a row like a silver tray.

Tess started to cry.

“Ugh, I don’t know… … .”

The friends looked back in amazement. Especially, Rihanna, who has a stabbing problem, couldn't hide her embarrassment.

“Why, why? It's not because I really hate it. Because it was so sudden... … .”

“Be quiet, fool. I mean it's fine What should I do now?”

The hearts of her friends were no different from Tess.

“You have to go back tomorrow. I hate breaking up. Would I rather be a wizard too? Then you will always see them at school.”

“What do you mean? Tess, of course, should be a prosecutor. We can meet anytime after graduation.”

At Sirone's consolation, Tess nodded in succession. Then he called Amy and Arin and held his hands.

“We even wrote letters to each other. huh? I will keep in touch.”

Arin pointed at herself.

“Me too?”

"of course! You are a member of the heavenly faction! Where in the world do you think there is a friendship that is stronger than this?”

Amy remembered the day she first met Tess.

There were awkward times, but now I loved doing things with her. There would be no one in the world who would not love Tess, who is just and warm-hearted.

"okay. We will definitely see you again. Only women at that time.”

"good! With this, the Heaven Sect is formed!”

Sirone and the others headed home.

As it was a special day, shops were open 24 hours a day, but I wanted to spend the last part of my vacation with friends.

Upon arriving home, Jis found a letter in the mailbox.

"what? Is this a letter from the captain? came to you?”

“Who is Marsha?”

On the day I arrived in heaven, I couldn't even say goodbye properly because my physical condition wasn't normal. He fell into a deep sleep and woke up after the parrot mercenaries had already left the island.

Sirone opened the letter and read for a while.

"haha! As expected, Marsha’s older sister!”

Amy's eyes narrowed slightly.

"what? What is it about?”

"huh? Oh, nothing.”

"this! don't give it up sooner? Why, even a love letter?”

When Amy threw herself to take it away, Sirone obediently put the letter in her hand.

Then, what was more embarrassing was Amy's side.

“What, what? What if I give it for real? If it's important, don't look at it... … .”

"no. It will be fine. maybe."

If it's okay, it's okay, but what does it mean? Amy, who grumbled and read the letter, tilted her head.

Nothing was written on the paper.

"What's this? Is it just a blank sheet?”

"that's right. But you left a letter.”

Tess smiled knowingly.

"I see. I left you a letter.”

Sirone looked at the distant sky. Her blank paper contained all the words she wanted to convey.

this is marsha someday we will meet again

'I'll write a letter when I get back.'

He wished Marsha good fortune in the future.

2. Waiting for school to open (1)

Back home, Sirone had a good time with his parents and wrote letters to his friends whenever he had free time.

Marsha conveyed her feelings with blank paper, but her wit was unmatched. So she filled the content more carefully.

“I wrote everything. Now all we have to do is send it.”

I was thinking of going to the city tomorrow and sending a letter. By the time the letters reached their friends, vacation was coming to an end. After returning from heaven, I realized the preciousness of everyday life. I wanted to go back to school as soon as possible and meet my friends.

“Sirone, come down and eat.”

“Yes, I will go now.”

Hearing her mother's voice from the first floor, Sirone blew out the candle and left the room.

@

capital Baska.

Mercodyne's sister-in-law located in the royal castle management area.

On a shabby table unsuitable for a first-class aristocrat, there was an unknown grass side dish that would be chewed by a seeker.

Iruki's mother hated it, but the rich man and child of Mercodine enjoyed a simple meal. It's because I didn't like the feeling of fullness after eating meat that dulled my thoughts.

Iruki ate the rice with a fork and occasionally chewed greens.

In the seat across from him, a man who looked just like Iruki, with only a few wrinkles on it, was eating.

Iruki's father and an albino Mercody who serves as the head of the dragon. He was not a Servant, but he was knowledgeable enough to say that no one in the world knew what he did not know.

The albino asked at an odd timing.

"What's going on with the entropy problem?"

“I think I managed to solve it.”

Iruki answered without even raising his head. The relationship between the two is not bad, but I thought that I needed only my ears and mouth to listen to the question and answer it.

After eating, the albino put down the tableware and asked.

“Iruki, how many is 1 plus 1?”

“Two.”

"no. 3.”

Iruki raised his head for the first time. This situation was when eyes were needed.

“No, it’s two.”

“Then try making it three.”

"why?"

The albino shrugged.

“Doesn’t it matter?”

"is that so?"

“Prove it and bring it. If you can do this, you will get closer to the answer you are looking for. This is the last homework for this vacation.”

“I think it will take at least six days.”

The albino's eyes shone.

“Hoho, are you getting the hang of it already?”

"no. Father is going on a business trip in 5 days.”

Iruki ate rice again. One by one, one by one. If you only have the minimum amount of energy to activate your brain, satiety is your enemy. During his vacation, he turned his head without resting even for a second, and it felt like the Servant's brain was overloaded.

The albino opened his mouth belatedly.

“Don’t check. Believe that you did it and go.”

“This is the first time I know my father trusts me.”

The albino laughed. Even if you can't unlock the Akashic Records within 6 days, it doesn't matter. His son, who calculated the duration of his business trip first, was just proud.

“No knowledge can beat wisdom. Let's say you win.”

"I really enjoyed the meal."

Iruki bowed his head and put away the tableware. While the albino was drinking tea and reading the newspaper, he finished washing the dishes and was about to turn around when the butler entered.

“Brother, a letter has arrived. This is Ariane Sirone.”

"uh? Sirone?”

As Iruki ran towards him, the albino pretended to read the newspaper and secretly looked at his son.

Ariane Sirone. It was the word that came out the most with a total of 3,742 in the mouth of my son who returned from this semester.

In his opinion, Iruki is a good timber. He has the power of a genius and is rich in human emotions.

When I was young, I suffered because of that tendency, but my son who came back after finishing this semester was different.

He was no longer afraid of his own talent, and a boy named Sirone would have played an important role in it.

---------------------------------------