[25] Cold Boy and Hot Girl (4)

Black smoke rose from Amy's face. However, upon closer inspection, it was rising from her skin at a distance of a finger's length from her. It was a magic called an air shield that compressed air to create a local barrier.

“A surprise attack as soon as the meeting place was changed. It's still nasty.”

Amy stood up from the position she had landed on and looked back. The man who had handed her the note was standing with a fishy grin.

“Huh, in your own way, you have accumulated a lot. If I had been obedient, I would have had the honor of having Amy's first kiss.”

“Stop talking as dirty as it looks, where is Sirone?”

Five figures fell from the sky with Amy at the center. Among them was Jake, the leader of the Black Magicians. He looked around and said as if he was surprised.

“You really come alone. Was that child really that precious to you?”

“What nonsense are you talking about? I'm enough for you guys. Sirone, where are you?”

"ha ha ha! Of course, that insincere bastard is going to the library. She never knows what her woman is going to get into.”

Only then did Amy realize that she had been tricked. But it was rather a good thing. If there were no hostages, these guys wouldn't be able to touch one's hair.

“The fact that you called me means you were prepared to die, right?”

“That's a lot of confidence. But will it be easy? You wouldn’t be able to say that if you looked at the list of guys who made fun of Black Magician and went to the goal.”

“Even if you don’t have the ability to learn, there is a degree. You talk a lot.”

Amy entered the Spirit Zone. When her form was transformed into the target of her brother-in-law, Jake, who recalled the situation from the previous day, immediately followed suit.

But again, the cost of missing the preemptive strike was high. Amy ignored Jake and started targeting the members behind her.

When the long-term Fire Strike was cast continuously, the men hurriedly threw themselves away. Because the strike system adds physical force to magic, it was not enough to block it with an air shield.

Amy quickly rotated the spirit zone and aimed at the target. However, her human movement has a lot of variables, so she couldn't achieve 100 percent accuracy like practice. Her head pounded each time Spirit Zone rotated and reversed.

Jake raised the wind and soared into the sky. If Amy's main skill was fire, Jake's was wind. After all, in a person-to-person battle, one special move will decide the outcome. When he cast his most confident wind cutter, a sharp wind rushed through the air.

Amy did not feel the approach of the Windcutter. The target-type cross shape can dramatically increase the range, but it is inevitably weak in defense compared to spheres that can sense all directions. In particular, an attack in the air was a fatal blind spot.

Amy sensed the windcutter penetrating into the Spirit Zone and immediately turned around. But she was already less than a meter away. & nbsp;

The moment Black Magician tried to sing her joy, her movements were twisted so fast that she couldn't even see them. A wind cutter brushed past, cutting through her red hair. Jake was horrified.

"what? How?”

“It’s called schema, son.”

Amy raised the target-shaped cross at an angle to the ground. Then Jake also got wind and hurriedly left the place. However, her targeting speed was the best in the advanced class.

“Fire strike.”

A ball of fire the size of a cannonball was fired. Thinking it was inevitable, Jake covered his body with an air suit, a high-ranking air magic.

Hit by a fire strike, Jake fell to the ground hearing a terrific gunshot. 

“Aww! Annoying bitch!”

Then he jumped up and glared at Amy. The flames engulfed the oxygen in the air suit and blazed. When Jake, standing like an incarnation of hell, exploded the air chute, the flames fell apart and fell like flower petals. However, the physical force of the strike had already entered, so my stomach twisted.

“I will kill you.”

“Ho-ho-ho! Did you try to beat me with that skill? It's a perfect level to fail, let alone graduate. It's like that shape because you're digging your mind into nonsense.”

Amy, the genius of the Karmis family. Indeed, the difference in skill was as overwhelming as fame.

But Jake had an evil grin.

“Is it really so? Confidence ends here.”

As if proving that it was not a bluff, the members of the Black Magician held out their hands at the same time. Then Amy's face turned pale. A strange feeling she had never encountered before. Something had entered her head and was distracting her.

Amy glared at Jake with anger.

"This… … Anti-magic?”

"ha ha ha! Are you surprised? This is the Black Magician's long term. It is also the magic that has sent countless talents home.”

“A naive child.”

It was really nasty. Anti-magic, magic forbidden by school rules. But just crossing the forbidden line was like biting an Achilles tendon at the student level.

The resonance waves of the five people randomly tangled Amy's spirit zone. It felt like someone was grabbing my hair and shaking it like crazy.

Amy couldn't stand it and fell to her knees. She no longer knew that she would go mad if she kept John.

With a victor's smile on his face, Jake cast the air chain. A chain made of air coiled around Amy's limbs and lifted them up.

Caught in the air, Amy struggled with all her might. But it was her binding force that she couldn't get out of even using the schema.

“Huh, finally got it. A prickly she-cat.”

Jake took out a hand knife. 

“Now, what am I going to do with you? By the way, I still haven't forgotten what happened a few days ago. I feel like I want to do something.”

"I'm warning you, if you hurt me even one bit, you won't be safe either?"

“Puhahaha! Even the great Amy is in a corner, so is it a family thing? that's what i said that we are the same After all, if you leave the family, you're just a girl who can't do anything.”

“I would have told you too? Don't treat me like trash like you. I will definitely destroy you with my own hands.”

Jake's eyes lit up with life. Even in this situation, her attitude of not bending her pride bothered me. Her hand, with which she held a knife, trembled as if it were about to stab her.

“I am not in a position to shout. Shall I scribble on your face? If you become an ugly woman, there will be no annoying guys following you around.”

Jake's unusual eyes made Amy a little frightened as well. An inferiority complex with no bottom in sight. He really meant to work.

Jake caught the blade with the other finger. He wasn't good at fire magic, but it was easy enough to heat the iron. A red light emerged from the inside of the blade.

“Don’t do this. Arrogant Amy lost her eye while studying her magic alone. She dropped out of her magic school and lived her whole life as a loser. How about it, isn’t it a wonderful scenario?”

Jake showed me a blade that looked like it would drip molten iron at any moment. A sudden push forced Amy to turn her head. Her hair was burning.

“Ho! There are times when Amy gets scared too. give you one last chance She begged me to take a look. It's better if you shed tears. Then, if she promises to leave school, I'll protect her eyes.”

Amy realized why Tyra dropped out. It was her magic that penetrated the gaps in her school rules, subdued her and inflicted humiliation that was difficult to recover from.

They did this just because they were inferior, just because they felt bad. Karmis' crimson eyes, filled with anger, glowed red.

“Do it if you can. But never think that you guys will be safe.”

Jake chuckled. It was not a word he had heard once or twice. The stubbornness of the aristocratic family, which even the children he had chased away, was like an iron tendon. However, the moment the blade is pointed at, everyone has no choice but to scream for help.

The stronger the self-esteem, the more impossible it is to recover once it is broken. Watching the students leave school like that, Jake soothed his feelings of inferiority.

“Well then, shall we go in soon?”

The knife slowly approached Amy's left eye. Amy was determined to hold on. But when the heat came through, she had no choice but to close her eyelids tightly.

“Wait, you bastards!”

The members of the Black Magician shook their shoulders at the sudden shout. Amy opened her eyes wide as she found Shirone clenching her fists and sulking. Jake also turned around with an expression of surprise.

“Ho! Is it the appearance of a prince on a white horse? It's a pity, if you came a little later, your girl could have been prettier.”

“What are you trying to do to your senior?”

"well? what were you going to do? Why don't you ask your lover directly?”

"you idiot! What if I come here alone!”

cried Amy. However, Sirone was more shocked by the situation in front of her than by her words.

Elderly students surrounded and harmed the girl whose limbs were restrained. The guy named Jake was giggling as he brandished his knife.

'because of me… … .'

Feeling furious for the first time in her life, Sirone picked up a tree trunk on the floor and shouted.

“Release senior! Otherwise, I won't let you go.”

“Puhahaha! did you hear now? What are you going to do with that piece of wood?”

Ignoring mocking laughter, Sirone charged at them. In any case, it was a skill that even Lian had won in a swordsmanship match. It was calculated that the teachers would arrive if they used their synesthesia as much as possible to pass the time.

"Goes!"

“Guys, it’s warm. Please open the door.”

Sirone came running, but no one moved. Rather, it was a sarcastic smile and a look that wanted you to come quickly.

The moment she thought something was strange, Shirone's mind shook as if she had been hit by a hammer.

“Keugh!”

"you idiot! Eliminate the Spirit Zone! It's anti-magic!”

anti magic? Sirone realized from Amy's words. The reason why she, who is the first in Class Four, was caught by her rogues.

It was a huge shock and vibration. The resonance waves caused by the five people at the same time shook my mind.

Sirone raised her head. The colors were mixing here and there, as if the world had been smeared on water. But he couldn't give up here. He held on to his consciousness of moving away and moved slowly.

“Senior, I will save you now.”

“Don't come! Then you will be unable to use magic for the rest of your life! You become a fool!”

"because of me… … Because that's how it happened... … .”

“Get out of the Spirit Zone! hurry!"

I know that Sirone can't hear, but all I can do is scream. With each step she took to save herself, she felt crushed.

Sirone gritted his teeth and maintained the spirit zone.

'no! You have to hold on. I need more frames.'

Following his strong will, the Spirit Zone gradually began to change into a four-way defense type. Then, this time, the Black Magician was taken aback. He had a hard time casting anti-magic. It felt like being crushed by a heavy rock.

“What, what? Why is this?”

Sirone expanded the spirit zone to its maximum. It was swaying dangerously like dew on a blade of grass, but it kept its shape with all its might.

'More firmly. so as not to collapse. so as not to be destroyed.'

As the frame finally connected, the spirit zone regained stability. Then, with a seesaw game, the members of the Black Magician complained of pain one by one.

“Kuh! What happened? My head hurts!”

At that moment, Sirone's eyes flashed open. As the four-way defense type was perfectly completed, the huge sphere was squeezed into a cube. The anti-magic pain disappeared and a great feeling came over me. It was a feeling of pressure that would break even the adamantine.

“Aaaaaaa!”

The 5 people who activated the anti-magic collapsed screaming. As if they were crushed by something, they couldn't even lift their fingers, and all of them were bleeding from their noses.

It was the reason anti-magic was banned at school. If you don't sharpen your mind to the extent that it's close to an inanimate object, Anti-Magic will rather become a poison that destroys you.

Amy was shocked to see the struggling Black Magician. She single-handedly crushed the 5 Anti-Magic. A student in Class 7 who has been enrolled for less than a month.

Sirone felt as if there were small lizards under her feet. I can feel the wriggling sensation, but at most that is the only resistance. As time passed, even that resistance disappeared. He had canceled the anti-magic right before his mind collapsed.

Amy burned the air chain with flame magic and landed on the floor. Through her spirit zone, I could feel the shape of Sirone's spirit zone. It was so cold, hard, and heavy.

'oh my god. How can you... … .'

Sirone still had a fierce look in his eyes. As I took a step, Jake involuntarily backed away. It was the result of her instinct not wanting to collide with Sirone's Spirit Zone.

However, it was not possible to avoid the 15-meter-diameter Spirit Zone by simply walking backwards. Eventually, when the two Spirit Zones overlapped, Jake asked with a shocked expression.

"you… … What the hell is it?”

I couldn't believe it. But Spirit Zone's synesthesia doesn't tell lies. four-way defense. A huge cube with 88 faces surrounded Sirone.

(end of volume 1)

---------------------------------------