On the brink (2)

“Yaaaaa!”

Freed climbed the body of Argantis vertically with his sword hanging down.

Blue electricity surged from his left hand, and it scratched the surface of the demonic tree in a parabolic arc.

Kwa-kwa-kwa-kwa-kwak!

Mouths spewing disgusting liquids were mashed hideously as the explosions occurred.

'This is not enough.' The top of the Argantis must be clamped.

At that time, when he was catching up with the speed of the reverse current by raising the maximum mobility of the schema, a scream was heard.

“Kill!”

Demons fell from the sky and stabbed the red spears.

Freed's legs, which he blocked with his sword, floated and he fell again.

“Big!”

He plunged his sword into the bark of the Magyesu flowing like a torrent and clenched his left fist.

Bright flames like lava blazed.

'Watch.'

At first, he swung his sword just to remember his son.

When he was able to endure such sadness to some extent, he became a magician who was proficient in swords and magic.

“Eat this.”

Flames exploded in the air.

“Keeeh!”

The demons melted away, and Fried climbed to the top, traversing the falling fireball.

'Is that it?'

The seeker's laser was hitting the center.

'I do not have time!' And at exactly that point, Argan Teeth stirred and prepared to explode.

“Whoa!”

As he collected electricity in his left hand, the surrounding electric charges collided with each other, causing a thundering sound and lightning.

Qurrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr!

A terrible scream was heard as an electric shock of great power struck the top of Argantis.

oh oh oh oh!

The top of the argantis swelled like a balloon when the surface was electrically fried to seal it.

Freed increased his power even more.

“Aaaaaaa!”

Finally, the swollen area began to shrink as the liquid that had been regurgitating went down.

'It's a success!'

The worst of acid rain was averted.

“Eh?… ”

However, when Argantis stopped vomiting, another unexpected situation occurred.

“Ugh! Ugh! Ugh! Ugh!”

A disgusting sound came out of Argantis' mouth, and he began shaking like crazy.

"this… …

Just as a human being strangled twists and turns with all his might at the last moment.

visor! visor! visor! visor!

The rings of the Singh's Annihilation 3 Celestial World, which were hanging on the top point, broke and deviated from the Seeker's aiming point.

The Thing on the ground groaned.

“Keugh!”

I do my best to block it, but this time it was force majeure.

I heard Minerva's voice.

“I missed the aim point.”

Thing turned his head to see Sirone, pale in color, standing next to Minerva.

“What happened?”

As God's punishment neared the ground, Sirone's consciousness returned.

However, the acceleration was so high that laser guidance was no longer possible.

“I can’t hit you like this. If it misses even a little, a shockwave will explode on the ground.”

“… … Are you saying you can't stop it?"

“There is still one way.”

As Sirone stepped past Thing, Minerva followed.

“What are you going to do… … !”

The moment she saw the light of Yahweh rising from Sirone's body like a flame, she stopped walking.

“I will twist the law.”

What I cannot do, only Yahweh can do.

But even from Sirone's point of view, catching a 10-ton object with a top speed of Mach 40 was a difficult challenge.

“I could die.”

Thing said.

“The law is a seesaw game. If you can't handle it, on the contrary, your law will be broken.”

It is probably true because it is the word of the world's greatest authority on the law.

Fried flew from the sky.

"shit! It's getting bigger and bigger! What are you going to do now?”

Looking up at him, Sirone smiled.

"are you okay."

It doesn't matter if you can or can't.

“It doesn't matter who is weak or who is strong. We are fighting together.” Singh's face flushed slightly.

'Fighting together?'

The only thing Yahweh wants.

Sirone was willing to sacrifice herself.

'Beyond the mind.'

Obviously, Yahweh must be one of the highest levels that can be reached as a prajna.

'you can do it. It changes the trajectory.'

The light that enveloped Sirone's body rose in a huge way as if it would burn the entire city.

“Is that????

Amanta turned her head, and the people's eyes were in awe at the radiance that filled the sky.

"Ahhh… …

I don't know what the meaning of that light was, but it was the only thing they were looking for in hell.

“Great!”

As soon as he mentally caught the punishment of the god falling towards the ground, Shirone's face crumpled.

'It's much harder than I thought.'

It would have been possible if it was merely pushing with a strong law, but it was a task that required accurate aiming.

Veins protruded from Sirone's temples, and the threadlike veins in his eyes began to burst.

Seeing bloody tears streaming down her face, Minerva grabbed her shoulder and shouted.

"no! Then die!”

Sirone didn't hear.

'little bit more!'

I've never wanted to do it like I do now.

'It's the result of fighting together.' The Five Great Stars of the Ivory Tower are those who persevere in their convictions without giving in to any compromise.

If all such people are gathered here, it would be said that there is still hope for mankind.

'I want to do it. i have to do it... … Shirone's body, bleeding from her eyes, nose and ears, trembled in shock.

And at that point.

'It moves.'

The 10-ton spear, which had fallen innocently while rejecting Yahweh's command, began to weakly change its trajectory.

“Big!”

Sirone's pupils went up and Minerva's face turned pale.

“Sirone! Wake!"

Sirone's eyes widened.

'It's here!'

As the trajectory of Divine Punishment was modified, it was erected at an angle capable of penetrating Argantis' torso vertically.

Sirone, who exerted all her strength, knelt down and touched the ground, gasping for breath.

“Heo-eok! Huh!”

"it's okay? Are you successful?”

Although her mind was exhausted to the point of death, Sirone raised her head and raised the corner of her mouth with difficulty.

"yes. for now… …

“It’s not over yet.”

Singh said in a grievous voice.

“It moves again.”

When Sirone turned around with a hard expression, Argantis was making a last-ditch effort.

oh oh oh oh!

Although it was impossible to see it because it was covered by clouds, countless branches spread out from the top of the demon tree and swayed.

pop! pop! pop! pop!

As the air burst, a world-destroying roar hit my eardrums.

“What are you trying to do?”

Minerva answered Fried's words.

“There is no such thing as will. You struggle with all your might. But in this state, the trajectory will change.”

If the angle was changed even slightly, the god's punishment would pierce Argantis' body and land it on the ground.

“I need to cut that branch.”

It was the only way, but there was no time to return when the fall time was calculated.

Fried slung the sword over his shoulder and said.

“I go.”

"you… …

He smiled bitterly at Minerva's surprised expression.

“I have no choice but to do it. You won’t be able to cut those branches, let alone come back in time.”

Someone had to sacrifice.

“Mr. Fried… …

"Goes."

Just as Fried was poised to jump out, he heard a familiar voice from behind Sirone.

“You can’t see it because it’s too high?” While everyone hurriedly turned around, Fried asked.

“… … What are you?”

A blue-haired young man with a large sword hanging from his back was looking up at the sky with his hand covering the sun.

Sirone couldn't believe it even after seeing it with his own eyes.

“Lian?”

Ryan smiled, squinting one eye.

“You must be in trouble, Sirone.”

Numerous thoughts rushed into her head at the same time, but Sirone hurriedly grasped the core.

“I don't have time for this! If you don't move quickly... …

"don't worry."

As Rian stepped forward, leaning on Sirone's shoulder, Freed's eyebrows narrowed.

“Do you know what you are talking about?”

"maybe… …

Lian, who looked up at the end of the sky, spurred the ground and charged at a terrifying speed.

“It must be Vera.”

Ting shouted.

“We have to do it quickly! I can't stand it anymore!”

As the ring of the three thousand worlds of the extinction shook greatly, cracks began to gradually go.

"come."

Minerva looked up at the sky and said.

“I can’t make it on time.”

Rian was climbing Argantis at a terrifying speed, but the speed at which God's punishment fell was faster than expected.

Lian An, who was running vertically toward the sky, spotted a point of light burning in the sky.

“About here?”

The muscle twisted with a groaning sound and turned into a yaksha's body that could withstand the shock.

“What are you trying to do?”

At the same time as Xing muttered, Lian kicked off the trunk and left.

“Big!” And at that point, Oh Dae-sung realized.

“That crazy… …

There was no time to cut off the branches of the demon tree.

“You cut it whole?”

Lian's waist, which held the great sword with both hands, turned to the side to the limit.

“Whoa!”

The place he is falling is two-thirds of the way from the height of Argantis.

It was much thinner than the bottom, but it was still well over 100 meters thick.

“Yaaaaaa!”

Divine Transcendence, Idea.

If the capital city of Kashan is to be considered as a painting, it is a single flash of light that separates the ends of Lian's black canvas.

jump.

Oh Dae-seong's eyes widened, and the upper part of Argantis, which had risen to the border of the clouds, began to fall.

“That… … Did you cut it?”

Sirone clenched her fists.

“Rian.”

It was the strongest yakcha.

Rian, who finished the blow of conversion, fell to a standing state and looked down at Sirone.

“So don’t worry, Sirone.” now i have

Behind Lian's back, a gray spear that exceeded Mach 40 was thrust vertically.

thud.

The moment the tip of the spear touches the center of the demon tree.

Puff pup pup pup pup!

A sound louder than thunder roared and went down to the basement, followed by the explosion of the huge body.

Argantis howled desperately.

Aaaaaaa!

As it pierced the torso and fell underground, the ground swayed like a wave and the shock wave cut off the roots.

Most of the humans covered their heads in fear and fell on their stomachs, but Oh Dae-seong stared at the magnificent scene in awe.

“I blocked it.”

Minerva muttered.

“We blocked it.”

Kurrurrurrung!

City-sized dust spread widely, drawing concentric circles on the waves of the ground.

“Rian.”

Sirone stared through the dust.

Although it penetrated Argantis, the shock wave of God's punishment was hit right away.

“Lian!”

At that time when I shouted at the thought that I couldn't be fine, a shadow walked out of the dust.

“Whoa, this is no joke. Sirone, is it your magic?”

Lian, whose clothes were tattered, appeared with a large sword draped over his back.

'Are there any wounds?'

To be precise, the limbs were ripped off by the shock wave and then regenerated.

"you… … are you okay?"

While Sirone and Oh Dae-seong watched in bewilderment, Lian arrived in front of them.

“Are there any enemies left?”

After confirming that all the demons had disappeared, he finally turned to Sirone and said.

"It's been a while, Sirone."