[155] Second Encounter (4)

When Marsha fired the acoustic cannon again, Sirone pressed her earlobes with both hands. At this moment, no magic was more effective than blocking one's ears.

“Aaaagh!”

However, Sirone's expectations were spectacularly wrong.

A sound cannon of a different level of power penetrated the back of his hand. If she hadn't covered her ears, her eardrums would have burst.

“Whoa, you ignore your sister too much. Even if I didn’t go to school, I know how to do a sequence ceremony.”

According to the classification of the wizarding society, Marsha was from a non-magical school, but she was also a veteran who defeated many wizards. It would not be an exaggeration to say that the theory that is important for practice was learned through experience.

"Banshee's scream."

As Marsha vibrated the Spirit Zone, a strange sound that seemed to stretch out filled the room.

Sirone jumped up, frightened by the sudden phenomenon. I couldn't see my eyes. The world was dark, as if it had stained her retinas.

'what? What kind of magic is this?'

The sound wizard travels the world and collects all kinds of sounds. Among them, Banshee is a winged humanoid monster that lives in high mountains and is characterized by having the upper body of a woman.

It sends out a unique high-frequency sound to blind the prey and eat it, but Marsha imitated the sound range as it was using sound magic.

Sirone became impatient. I couldn't confirm the opponent's location with the Spirit Zone. 

The narrow space was disturbed by the reverberation of the sound waves, and Marsha, as the epicenter of the sound waves, was only felt as sound.

While Sirone's senses were numb, Marsha was approaching him before he knew it. Then he held out her palms to her ears. A direct hit from a sonic cannon at this distance would stop her brain function.

'Goodbye, Sirone.'

At that moment, Sirone's zone vibrated violently. Seizing her crisis with Sona's sensitivity, Marsha backed off immediately. At the same time, a burst of light burst out and pushed the equipment out of her room.

Sirone wrapped her lasers all over the place with her eyes tightly closed.

Fast-winding the laser doesn't give much impact, but Marsha, who confirmed the power at the first gateway, sat down under the desk.

Hiding behind cover, Marsha could not see what was ahead with her eyes. However, when she used Sona's search ability, she was able to clearly feel what Shironae was doing.

'what?'

Marsha's heart thumped. Sirone was focusing the photon cannon right in front of her eyes.

How? The banshee's screams that echoed in the small room did not disappear for quite some time.

Marsha remembered the lasers circling the room.

'no way? Did you hear it?'

The vibrations of sound waves cannot be disturbed with any magic. However, if it was a high-efficiency energy-amplifying laser, it was possible to cut through sound waves.

Marsha did not know the principle of the laser, but Sirone knew the principle of sound. The difference in responsiveness that arises here. This was the reason why magic schools taught numerous subjects in addition to their majors.

"this… … !”

Sirone raised her clear eyes and fired a photon cannon at Marsha. At the same time Marsha jumped out like a flying squirrel and rolled beside her.

Aaaaaang!

A heavy orb of light stretched through the building's walls.

* * *

The battle in the forest was reminiscent of a war.

It was clear that Freeman's men misunderstood the price of magic bullets. The scenery around the area was completely destroyed when the gun was fired without knowing it was a waste.

However, it was rather them who were driven into a corner. The number of 20 people was reduced to 7 people before I knew it. Even so, Amy's location was not even known.

"damn! Where the hell are you?”

“There! I just passed over there!”

A burning stone flew from the depths of the forest. When he hit the back of Gunner's head, who hadn't looked back, his consciousness flew even while the schema was open.

"damn! I’m deliberately using burnt-type magic.”

“There are no ghosts. Even though it moves so fast, its accuracy is incredible.”

Mobility and accuracy are important to the Gunner. Amy was overpowering both of them.

The reason why she could use fly magic stably and her targeting was so accurate that it was close to perfect was because she had red eyes.

“Whoa, there are six of us left now. No, there are seven of them, including Freeman.”

Amy again levitated the stones around her. Then the stone became red and caught fire like lava.

If there is a photonization theory in the photon series, there is an ignition theory in the flame series. It was called Ignite, and it was the magic that formed the basis of the fire-type.

The nature of the flame that can be created with Ignite is largely divided into five types.

Heat to generate heat, Flare to set fire, Burn to ignite things, Blaze to burn a large area, Buster to cause an explosion.

Heating stones with burn-type flames was called Fire Call, and it was a magic that burned rocks like lava and flew them away.

For fire mages, the burn series is important. This is because it can compensate for the lightness, which is the disadvantage of flame. That's why it was perfect to deal with the gunner who operated the schema.

“Shall we go again?”

Amy flew into the sky and mercilessly dropped the Fire Call.

Compared to Meteor, a meteorite bombardment, it was child's play, but the victim was afraid.

“Above! Pour it all out!”

The Gunners raised their guns to the sky and fired magic bullets. However, Amy, who controls her errors with her self-image memory, was playing with her enemies in her evasion and accuracy.

Fly magic can be easily learned by anyone, but it was not easy to balance in the air where the atmosphere changes every moment.

Even so, Amy floated in the sky as if suspended. Her pupils, which were backing up her self-image at her tremendous speed, rapidly flashed red light.

Each time each shot was exchanged, the number of enemies decreased by one.

With only two of Freeman's men left, Amy unleashed the last of her Fire Calls.

There was no need for precise aiming this time. Burning stones crashed into the heads and backs of the enemies who tried to turn and flee.

Only then did Amy release the fly magic and landed in the clearing. 

20 Gunners are destroyed in an instant. All that was left was Freeman.

“My subordinates were attacked, but their expressions did not change. Isn't that too cold? Or are you a coward?”

“If hating fighting is a coward, then it may be.”

Amy frowned at Freeman's words. If it was psychological warfare, it was a fairly advanced technique.

But Freeman didn't care what he thought.

- Freeman is coming. Here comes the cowardly Freeman.

-If you ring Freeman, Marsha will come. An idiot who gets help from women.

Freeman, who recalled old memories, said something unexpected.

“Let’s quit.”

"what? What did you just say?”

Amy was bewildered. She has the news of victory in front of her eyes, but suddenly quits. Besides, this wouldn't be polite to the men who fought for her life.

"I'm worried about the captain. I guess I'll have to go. I don't want her to fall.”

“Hey, no one wants to lose. So, you should have been good from the beginning.”

“It doesn't mean that. she should never lose Even if it means dying.”

“What are you talking about?”

Freeman did not answer Amy's questions. However, she was only talking about herself, as if muttering to herself.

“The leader is strong. Friends could die.”

“Hmph, Sirone is stronger. I will never lose to a woman like that.”

“You are noble. Trusting your man is good, but you will regret it.”

Amy raised her fist and shouted, as if she was uncomfortable being mistaken for pure love.

“You are laughing. And I'm stronger than Sirone, you bastard. I can never let you go, so I have to collapse right here.”

"is it."

Realizing that the negotiations had broken down, Freeman grabbed two guns in both hands and activated the schema.

The image of him who was looking at Amy faded like an afterimage and then disappeared.

Amy couldn't even react. But as she felt her presence from behind her through her john, she hurriedly twisted her body.

Freeman's kick grazed the tip of his chin. Amy bit her molars in embarrassment.

'this… … I made a mistake!'

Since he was a gunner, he knew how to attack from a distance, but he approached and tried to engage in close combat. Certainly, his mindset was different from those of his subordinates who only relied on magic bullets.

"joy! I will deal with you in earnest!”

As Amy straightened her slumped posture, Freeman jumped into the air and fired magic bullets. A fireball using explosive power fell towards Amy like a dotted line.

However, Amy also fired a series of flame strikes to neutralize them all.

It is extremely difficult to match points and lines in infinitely wide coordinates. The precision of the two could be said to be thin.

The two, who collided again on the ground, engaged in a close-quarters firepower showdown. However, at close range, Gunner had the advantage.

"then… … !”

Amy unleashed her defensive magic, Fire Mist. As the hot wind blew, reddish smoke enveloped the surroundings like a ball of gas.

When Freeman went out of range, Amy fired a series of flame strikes to finish it off. About 10 windows of flame rushed in and burned the air.

Puff puff puff puff!

But this was not the end. Repeated teleportation, hovering around Freeman, endlessly lashing out with magic.

The moment dozens of flame strikes hit one point, Freeman opened the schema widening his eyes.

Compound Eye, one of the eye techniques.

The landscape that Freeman was looking at was divided into pieces as if he were seeing it through the eyes of an insect.

As the individually analyzed information arrived, Freeman's back twisted around like a willow branch.

The flame strikes that continued tail after tail crossed each other in chronological order without even brushing their collars.

Amy had a hunch that it was not an ordinary technique. It wasn't comparable to Hong's eyes, but it was definitely an eye technique specialized for Gunners.

She changed her strategy and went into the woods. As long as the opponent was a high-level Gunner, he had no chance of being defeated in close combat.

However, Amy had another specialty: sniping. Moving away to a point 300 meters away, she looked at Freeman. She was seen calmly opening the cylinder and replacing the magic bullet.

'Hey, let's see how long we can be free.'

Amy transformed the target's Spirit Zone into a sniper mode. John aimed at Freeman's face as he stretched out in a cone.

Due to the nature of Fire Strike, the power increases as the distance increases. This is because it creates an air tunnel, which can be said to be a characteristic of wind magic.

Air pressure can accelerate an object as it flies. A flame strike fired from 300 meters would have at least four times the power of a short range.

As Amy cast her magic, the spear of flame was sucked into the air tunnel and rushed to Freeman. 

By the time the 200 meters were covered, Amy thought it was over. At the current rate of acceleration, the remaining 100 meters would travel four times faster than the previous 200 meters.

Ultimately, Freeman can never react.

As expected, Freeman did not move. But Amy was shocked. This is because the flame strike was hit far away from Freeman.

'Did I make a mistake?'

At that moment, Amy realized. A strange sensation that penetrated the mind.

“Anti-magic… … .”

It was clear that Freeman's gun was endowed with anti-magic magic.

She felt it was about 3 percent, but at a distance of up to 300 meters, the error was bound to widen enormously.

Anti-magic is dangerous to her. This is because it is a magic that even her crimson eyes cannot cope with because it directly affects John.

---------------------------------------