[239] 4. Combat Simulation (9)

“Keugh! Nonsense. how is this... … .”

Boyle was shocked that he hadn't shaved one percent of Dante's sanity.

I didn't fight the archmage. He was only a classmate of the same age as him, and he was also a genius who distinguished himself with summoning magic.

In the end, it was the difference in details.

Dante made an extreme difference by making all the thousands of minor variables that occurred during the battle his own.

“Why don’t you act fast instead of being lazy? Did you promise?”

Dante put his hands in his pockets and waited haughtily.

Boyle, the official top of the advanced class, was in a situation where he had to kneel extensively.

Boyle was as angry as the weight of first place. But a promise was a promise, and I couldn't think of a way to avoid it.

"I… … lost."

The moment Boyle knelt down and admitted defeat, the rainy season poured into the hearts of the students.

Sirone and his friends, who cheered on Boyle, felt the same way.

But it was an inexcusable defeat.

Iruki said.

“I have no choice but to admit it. It's information magic, so that's really tricky to deal with.”

Sabina intervened.

“No, it's possible because it's Dante. We've been fighting under Miss Olivia since we were 10 years old. The number of practical experiences is different from yours. Dante's official record is 472 wins in 472 fights. Besides, he is an undefeated legend who has never lost in an unofficial match. It's just that the first place in a rural school is not an opponent that can be surpassed.”

Only 472 official matches. Including unofficial information, it was said that he had fought over 1,000 battles.

Any magician will have an application ability if he goes through a lot of interpersonal battles. 

But what makes Dante so great is that he never lost a single match in the process.

When Dante's background was revealed, the students murmured. It was an instant to change from an unlucky classmate to a star in the kingdom.

No matter how different your personality is, if your skills transcend, fame will follow. No, on the contrary, maybe that's why I'm even more enthusiastic about it.

The students all flocked to Dante. He didn't show it, but he made an effort to say something.

When the students slipped away like the ebb tide, only Canis and Arin remained.

The 2,000 man-to-person battle was the first time to see it, but it did not give much inspiration to those who had been fighting to the point of getting tired of it.

“It’s fun. Magic schools train like that. Canis, do you want us to try it too?”

"not really. I don't like it.”

“Aren’t you afraid of losing to Dante? Whoops.”

That's what he said, but Arin's feelings were also the same as Canis'. Two thousand times I didn't like it.

“What do you mean by that? Sirone is also quiet, so I don't get upset."

“The reason why Sirone stays still is because she originally hates fighting. It's different from Canis.”

“Arin, these days you seem to be secretly siding with Sirone?”

Arin stuck out his tongue.

Of course, those who are enemies with Canis are also enemies with themselves. If the two of them collided, he would do everything in his power to help Canis, but he was someone he couldn't hate.

“How are you anyway? Information magic, maybe a new trend. Can you win?”

Canis snorted.

I don't like two thousand times, but Dante's skills were definitely real. The interesting thing is that he is a symmetrical genius with Sirone.

Iruki is also a genius, but he had a feeling that he was too lopsided.

“Hmm, if we stick together properly on the battlefield… … .”

“What if it sticks?”

Canis' face, which had been silent for a long time, gradually became serious.

Arin, who perceived the wavering emotions through menarche, urged him by stabbing his side.

"huh? What if it sticks? What will happen?”

Canis, who turned her head away as if avoiding Arin's gaze, spoke in a creeping voice.

“Cool, it’ll be a great match.”

5. Match Point (1)

"Oh yea! won Hey, kneel down quickly.”

"damn! stuck again! Even if I didn’t make any mistakes!”

At some point, there was a buzzword in the advanced class. It was the word that Dante preached: to kneel.

Even in Class 7, similar scenes appeared one after another. It was just a joke, but the atmosphere obsessed with winning was no joke.

If A and B fight, who wins? Can the winner of them beat C?

Everything was turning into the Royal Magic School's system of ranking all students.

“Sheesh! I don't like it. Anyway, a strange principal comes and ruins the school.”

Mark, who was lying on the lawn, grumbled as he watched the juniors engage in man-to-person combat at the 2,000 practice range.

Currently, his match point was the top ranking in Class Six. It's because he threw away the challenge jokjok muk bowl. If he was young, he would have put strength on his shoulders, but since he came to respect Sirone, ranking in the lower class was meaningless.

Maria, who was sitting next to her, said while grazing.

“Mark, you’re still the principal, but what is a strange principal? What if I get caught?”

“What can I do to be annoyed! I don't even like Dante or anything. Especially Closer, that bastard used a passive skill when fighting me. If you fight fist-to-fist, you're no match.”

Maria also vividly remembers the scene where Mark was beaten. In particular, Closer even made fun of himself because of his young age.

“Sirone-senpai will take care of it. Anyway, it's the same class. If it bothers you too much, I'm going to tell Mr. Sade too. what do you think about it?"

Mark was too proud to even express his opinion. I want to get revenge on the guy who bullied Maria, but their skills were real. Of course, as a self-proclaimed sirone, he also had many monster-like seniors. Sirone, Amy, Iruki... … .

Because they endured it, I could ignore Dante and the others, but on the other hand, I was mad at the situation that I couldn't solve directly.

“I don’t like it… … . really… … .”

It doesn't matter what age you like to fight, so it was the same that the students of Class Four were interested in the battle order.

However, since Dante had sorted out the ranks of Class Four, their eyes were on a higher level.

“If Etella-sensei and Shiina-sensei fight, who will win?”

“Ah, of course it’s Miss Etella. He is recognized even in the kingdom.”

"It's not about fighting for fame. Ethella-sensei says she accomplished her triple, but Shiina-sensei is the authority on freezing. She says that in real life, the one who sells only one thing is the best.”

“If you look at it that way, it's Mr. Sade. If it's the same 6th grade, it's better to fire than freeze."

Even if he tried to cover his ears, he heard the sound, and Sirone stepped out.

“Where is that word? They are all great teachers. There's no way those people can fight each other just because they're strong."

The students put on a puzzled expression. After Boyle kneeled, the center of gravity in the advanced class shifted from Sirone to Dante.

At first, the students also thought that Sirone would step in and restore the school's lost reputation. But that didn't happen, and he even seemed to avoid it. Lately, there have even been rumors that he is playing tricks because he doesn't want to fight Dante.

"We're fighting in a safe place, so what's wrong with talking? Honestly, so are you. You're scared of fighting Dante, so you don't even participate in person-to-person combat.”

“It’s not scary. I just don't want to fight pointlessly. It may be tactical training, but interpersonal combat has nothing to do with grades.”

“Sheesh, grades, grades. After all, you only do well in school. A real mage must be strong in real combat.”

Thinking that it wouldn't work if I said more, Sirone shrugged.

The classmates who had put some hope on turned around with a disappointed expression when the provocation did not work.

“Sheesh, sirone is no big deal either.”

“What can I do? In front of the stars of the kingdom, Sirone is just a country star.”

Sirone didn't know what the meaning of ranking students was. The strength he sought was on a different level from fighting and overpowering him.

On the other hand, there were students who only meant that. A typical example was Pandora, who was ranked second in the senior class.

After Dante subdued Boyle, she actively followed Dante's party and was now almost their limb.

“Hey, Pandora! come fast! I'm going to die of thirst!"

At Sabina's high-pitched voice, Pandora hurriedly ran with her water cup.

"Sorry. The line is too long.”

“Just say I’m going to drink and follow you. In any case, there is no flexibility.”

“Hehe, isn’t it hard? Would you like me to rub your shoulders?”

“Will you? It’s sore from running with haste too much.”

Pandora rubbed Sabina's shoulder with sincerity. It would be a lie if she said it didn't hurt her pride, but she thought that sooner or later they would appreciate her too.

If you get close to Dante's party, you'll be in the kingdom's best prospect group at once. Ranked 4th in the entire kingdom from 2nd in the local school. Isn't that a gamble worth taking?

Closer said, cooling off his sweat with a hand fan.

“Hey, Pandora. I'm a bit thirsty too."

"uh? okay! I’ll bring you some water.”

Pandora ran straight to the pot of water. The sun was hot today, so many students were queuing up.

It's comfortable to cut in line with Dante's authority, but it's somehow not dignified. Her specialty was to pique her temper and make the person in front of her choke while drinking water.

“Hey, what kind of elephant are you? Drink in moderation and get out of the way! You have to think about the people behind you.”

“Now, drink my water.”

Boyle held out his glass of water. Sabina looked on displeasedly, but considering the closer that awaited her, she couldn't be denied.

“Heh, thank you.”

Boyle called as Sabina returned to Closer.

"Wait a minute. Are you sure you want to bring it to that child?”

“What do you care? Are you holding a grudge against them for losing the confrontation to Dante?”

“I admit defeat. But what are you doing these days? There's nothing wrong with being close to Dante, but you don't have to be so servile."

“Then what does it matter to you? Why are you already anxious? Are you afraid you will be overtaken by me?”

“There is no such thing! You've been my rival since childhood! I feel bad for you bending over like this!”

“But not anymore. I'm going into the Dante line. Sooner or later, it will be published in an academic journal, and when I graduate, there will be a fuss trying to scout me. If you're envious, say envy. Isn’t it convincing to say that when you’ve already lost?”

Boyle shut up. She had many things she wanted to say, but none of them would reach Pandora's ears. She was the inevitable loser's destiny.

"damn! Do whatever you feel like!

Sirone and the others watching from afar understood Boyle's feelings.

All of the friendships in the advanced class revolved around Dante. No one challenged the absolute No. 1, and the more Sirone wanted to get out of the current situation.

I thought that success would come if I did not have to fight.

What was filling my head right now was how to use Ataraxia as quickly as possible. There was no way he could see interpersonal combat. 

I worked hard on lifting training every day without a break and was finally able to hold the target for 20 seconds.

At this point, this was also a feat. It is to maintain a mental state for 20 seconds that others cannot last even 1 second.

“Wow, it’s Sirone. The spirit zone is also getting bigger and bigger. It's a great talent no matter what."

“Anyway, it’s only because it’s an unlocker. I can't even make eye contact with Dante."

“To be honest, Dante is too strong. I can understand Sirone's position.”

“Why do you conclude that Sirone ran away? Even Sirone is said to be terrifying when it comes to competition. Besides, Kanis and Iruki are still left.”

"joy! If you're so confident, why are you avoiding it? If I had that kind of skill, I would have asked to join right away even if I was angry. Because he runs away like a loser, women go to Dante.”

---------------------------------------