[321] Ephemeral Rift (3)

Sirone lay down on the bed and enjoyed the silence.

You can skip the performance evaluation because you will enter the senior class next semester. However, on the contrary, this vacation was the last time to brush up on basic skills. That's why Iruki and Ned also refused to play and went straight back to their families.

“I need to rest first.”

Even after spitting it out, Sirone laughed as if it was absurd. But I really didn't want to do anything right now.

It was the first time I had ever done something like this, so I was embarrassed, but seeing that I was not impatient, it seemed that there was a reason.

“Come to think of it, I must have worked extremely hard.”

Looking back on a year, I couldn't believe how I got through that process. It seems like just yesterday that you were in last place in Class 7, but aren't you already at the top of Class 4?

“I suffered as much as that.”

All of the magic school students did their best, but Sirone especially had a lot of accidents.

Through life-and-death struggles, he became stronger. To be honest, I was confident that even if I entered the senior class, I would not be easily pushed back.

Sirone got up from the bed and approached <Demonic Sword Armand>. It was satisfying to see him standing on his own without any support.

There is a rated control, so there is no problem with carrying it. However, while attending school, there would be no reason to use that sword.

When Armand's scabbard was removed, a clear high frequency sound came out along the blade. Although shorter than a longsword, it was sharp enough to be used in actual combat and had a well-balanced center of gravity.

'Why are you so quiet? Could it be that he died?'

Every night when I sent a mental wave, it was quiet after I returned home. There was so much reaction than expected that she wondered if the contract had been terminated without her knowledge.

Ever since I showed it to my friends, I haven't activated Geumgang Armed Forces. He didn't have a particularly necessary situation, but it was somehow awkward.

If something is shared with humans, it is difficult to treat it entirely as an object. Do you think that if you activate Geumgang Armament for no particular reason, you will be looked at funny?

Of course I knew it wasn't necessary. It was something I had to gradually adapt to.

'Shall we try? It's my sword anyway... … .'

It was frustrating to receive an S-class object and not even be able to use it. It's not that I want to fight anyone, but when I imagined him playing an active role with Armand, my heart was full.

Sirone watched the sword with a proud heart and memorized the start language.

“Geumgang Armed Forces.”

Leaving behind the anxiety that nothing might happen, the blade opened without a doubt and swallowed Sirone.

Change happened in an instant. The hood covered his face and the fibrous cloak fluttered as it escaped like flames. A glass ball popped out of the palm of the gauntlet, and finally, the cybernetic brain quickly whirled around Sirone.

“Whoa!”

Sirone felt good about it.

Feeling clearer than ever before. A sense of fullness that seemed to be able to amplify any kind of magic because the focus point deepened.

Armand, who shares a brain with the user, changes his abilities depending on the situation, but since the current situation is unrelated to combat, no special state change has occurred.

Sirone approached the full-length mirror and looked at herself. He was a fairly plausible wizard because he was wearing a shabby robe that didn't look like new and covered his face with a hood. Besides, any other demon looked better than Mugu.

If not right away, the thought of becoming a professional mage someday and exploring the world in this form made my heart pound.

Sirone clenched her fists and pretended to raise her mana.

I am the wizard of Immortal Function. One day, I will become an infinite wizard and rise to the top of the world.

“Oohhh!”

Shirone shouted at the ceiling, her face stiffened when she saw the reflection in the mirror. Vincent opened the door and came in, looking at Sirone with an absurd expression.

“Oh, Dad!”

Embarrassed, Sirone stomped her feet.

I was glad I was wearing a hood. If he had even exposed his face, his face might have exploded.

“Mom wants me to eat. Come down quickly.”

“Ah, okay.”

Vincent closed the door and threw a word as he left.

“Aren’t you old enough?”

Shirone's face heated up, and she lowered her head.

When I heard the sound of the door closing, I took off the hood and grabbed my head.

"OMG! embarrassing! I did it for the first time today!”

As expected, thinking that doing something that didn't suit her would cause her anger, Sirone canceled Armand. The fibers and crystal balls were sucked back into the demonic sword.

Sirone, who had been put into the scabbard with rated control, left Armand in the corner and went down to the first floor.

The smell of soup on the table melted my stomach. Suddenly hungry, Sirone sat down at the table and grabbed the spoon first. Olina smiled and poured the soup onto her plate.

“Are you hungry? Come on, eat.”

"yes. thank you for this food!"

The magic school food was meticulously packed with the nutrients necessary for wizards, but as expected, eating at home was the best.

Olina, who was happy to watch her son hurriedly finish a bowl of soup, poured more soup and asked.

“How are you going to spend this vacation? Do you have any plans?”

“I’m going to take a break for a while and then start training in earnest. But before that, there are things I want to do.”

“What do you want to do?”

"yes. Every winter, a local festival is held in the Les Mountains. May I go there?”

Vincent intervened.

“Oh, you mean the ruins of that old castle. You said you wanted to go before.”

"really? I don't remember.”

“Because I was very young. It must have been left in my heart without knowing it. come and go At the time, the situation was difficult, so I couldn’t even show them around.”

Olina supported her chin and smiled sullenly.

No matter how much the son pretended not to be, he could not fool his mother's eyes.

“So, who are you going with?”

Sirone felt as if he had been attacked by surprise. He wasn't particularly guilty, but his face was burning.

"that is… … Amy. I haven't talked about it yet.”

“Oh, so it’s a date.”

"no! I thought it would be disturbing, so I tried to change my mood... … . Uh, maybe they'll say no!"

I knew that Ama had failed the graduation exam. Olina didn't care. Amy, who went through Kazura, was a caring and upright girl.

Besides, I heard that the Karmis family also takes good care of Sirone. Didn't they go to the island together in the summer?

“Yes, go. The old castle site takes about 3 days to look around properly. There are plenty of places to stay, so don't worry, but you have to take good care of Amy. You can't take her to comfort her and try to comfort her.”

“… … yes."

Olina's last words were subtly jarring, but Sirone replied that he would know. An animal intuition that digging too deep was dangerous.

After tidying up the tableware, Sirone went up to her room and packed her things. It took quite a while to Creas, so we had to leave before noon.

Teleporting can make you go faster than a wagon, but I didn't want to break the rules for something trivial.

Wearing a wool scarf over a winter coat, Sirone put on her rucksack and headed for the door.

As I grabbed the doorknob, my head suddenly rang. When he looked back, there was no doubt that Armand was sending a mental wave. I couldn't hear her voice, but it was the echo of protest.

Sirone sighed and said.

“Sorry, but no. Commoners can't wear swords. I don’t even have a weapon license.”

In order for a commoner to wear a weapon, a weapon possession license issued by a specific guild is required. If you become a wizard, you can automatically acquire it, but even that was impossible for Sirone, who was still a student. The S-class Armand was a nuisance in many ways.

Armand did not give up and sent out a mental wave.

Ego is difficult because there is ego. I don't know what kind of owner it has been through so far, but it seems that it doesn't understand why they don't take it with them after signing a contract at most.

It may have been in a state of resignation at the time when it belonged to Zeon. Isn't that why the light of temptation was sent even in the midst of the owner's presence?

'It makes me sad to think that way. I can't be more merciful than the previous owner.'

Sirone approached Armand as if he couldn't do anything about it.

To be honest, it is true that Armand is reliable in any situation. Even if you get caught in the checkpoint, there is a rating control, so it's enough to hide it somewhere else.

“Whoa, okay. let's go."

Sirone opened the coat and called Armand.

The sword that flew like a shot settled on the waist. Being shorter than the longsword also had the advantage of being easier to conceal. When the coat was covered, only the tip of the scabbard was slightly exposed. At a glance, you wouldn't even know there was a sword.

When Armand's mental wave disappeared, Sirone shook her head and left the room. It was said that there were many demonic swords that could kill their masters, so there was no choice but to turn this level into a charm.

* * *

Tormia Kingdom.

A magic association located in the capital Baska.

The Allog District is an area where major institutions are concentrated even in the capital city, and anyone passing by it at noon will frown. This is because many high-rise buildings reflect sunlight.

In particular, the Magic Association, one of the tallest buildings, looked as if gold was on fire.

At the main gate of the Magic Association, a neatly dressed woman has been waiting for someone for 30 minutes, looking at the main street.

Dark skinned, curly blonde hair was tied back and she wore red horn-rimmed glasses. Her nose was small but tall, and her pink lips were tightly closed, revealing her personality. She had a strong impression with the corners of her eyes slightly lowered, but overall she had a strange charm that was not seen in Tormia.

Tormia Magic Association chief of staff, Ahoya Kang Nan.

Located near the equator, the southern country of Iran is a confederation of numerous tribes. Gangnan was the last descendant of the now-extinct wolf tribe and was a warrior trained in the ancient martial art Ram Muay.

He was also an intelligent man who had an exceptionally good brain, and even though he started studying late after coming to Tormia at the age of 15, he defeated fierce competition and even rose to become the chief secretary of the Magic Association.

However, the old and lascivious nobles of Tormia did not recognize her.

The point of view of Gangnan was that of an exotic-looking commoner woman with a perfectly proportioned body. There were countless people who had their abdominal muscles torn by knee kicks while messing around without knowing Kang Nan's personality.

Among them were high-ranking nobles, but the Magic Association did not fire her. It was a classic example of her skill overshadowing her personality.

But for today, I thought I would take care of the intensity. The person she was waiting for was the highest emissary from her neighboring country, the Yakma Republic.

At the end of the avenue, I saw a house wagon with splendid decorations, and I tidied up my clothes again. Just as I was checking my high heels for dust and trying to fix my horn-rimmed glasses, a carriage arrived.

When the iron-clad bodyguards opened the door, a grumpy man appeared. His neck grew fat, his chin sunk in, and his stomach bulged like a cannon ball. However, the eyes buried in his eyelids were shining sharply.

'He is the country's highest envoy. I can't treat it carelessly.'

Gangnan walked neatly with a clicking sound. Then she put the folder in her arms on her arm and bowed 90 degrees.

"welcome. My name is Kang Nan, the chief secretary of the Magic Association.”

"aha? You're a tough guy. nice to meet you It is Ordon.”

Ordon held out his hand for a handshake.

It is good manners for the top envoy to shake hands with the chief of staff first, but in reality, he had a different ulterior motive.

The anecdote of Kang Nan, who sent countless nobles to the goal, was even transmitted to social circles in other countries. Ordon couldn't help but be interested when the exotic appearance was added to the title of a commoner and an indestructible flower.

When Gangnan shook hands, Ordon gently rubbed the back of his smooth hand with his thumb.

Kang Nan's expression did not change. She had also heard rumors about Ordon, so she was prepared for a bit of a stake.

“The president of the association is waiting. I will guide you.”

Ordon entered the Magic Association appreciating Gangnan's narrow waist.

Seeing that they are fine even after beating the Tormia nobles, it seems that the Magic Association is looking after them, but they will not be able to disrespect the best envoys from other countries.

'Let me pick that flower.'

---------------------------------------