[290] 5. All kinds of variables (4)

After being freed from the tentacles, Amy reset her mind to red eyes. Her sedatives were so overpowered that she vomited, but she managed to get into the Spirit Zone.

Equipped with a fireball of conversion, Amy waved her hand as she jumped through the door. The organically entangled door shattered as a powerful fireball hit.

By the time Ji-on realized that he had been tricked, the second door was already bursting through.

“Oh, Mr.… … !”

Ji-on questioned the prickly Armand.

“What have you been doing? You missed it!”

It was a typical appearance of an inexperienced user. 

Armand can copy the user's brain to promote intelligence, but strictly speaking, it was just a sword symbiotic with its master. It is not possible to make judgments on behalf of a situation. 

Therefore, swearing at Armand only meant cursing at his own stupid head.

“You have to chase it. let's go."

As if in response to Ji-on's words, numerous tentacles came out from the Geumgang Armament and stuck into the wall. Ji-on rose to the surface with the power of the tentacles and was pushed forward as if on a swing.

@

Reina stopped walking and pointed her ear in the direction of the sound. The Sound of Silence's ability detected a huge vibration echoing underground.

The sound passing through the walls was clearly subtle. However, the fact that the sound could be heard from the castle, which boasted the highest durability in the kingdom, meant that an enormous shock had occurred at the epicenter.

'It's underground!'

Reina jumped onto the stairs in front of her.

Power enough to shake a building is impossible even with the sword of a dizzying swordsman. It was evident that Sirone had cast magic.

The moment I stepped into the basement, I heard someone running at the end of the hallway. Examining the rhythm of the footsteps, it was the movement of an extremely excited person.

Reina clung to the wall, wary of the approaching opponent. He saw a man running through the darkness.

Reina, who spotted Amy, hurriedly blocked the way.

“Amy!”

“Aww! It's a surprise! sister?"

"what? Why are you here?”

“Run for now!”

As if Amy didn't have time to explain, she grabbed Reina's arm and ran. Then Reina also activated her schema and matched her speed with her Amy.

bang! bang!

The sound of a heavy impact hitting the wall was transmitted.

Reina unlocked the Sound of Silence. Listening to the vibration in this state was about to blow out the eardrum.

"what? Are monsters following you?”

Amy sighed. She wants to tell the absurd story of her experience, but her first priority is to find Sirone.

“I'll tell you later. What about Sirone?”

“This way. I heard a noise over there.”

The two entered the fork in the road on the left and looked at the warehouse waiting for them at the end of the single road. On the information board that came down from the ceiling, the phrase “food storage” was written.

Upon entering, the inside was a mess with traces of battle.

The air was opaque, with flour pouring down and parts of it releasing like smoke. Vegetables were cut into pieces, as if they were left over from slicing, and were dressed in flour. Amy thought it was a relief that this wasn't a meat store.

“Where is Sirone?”

As Amy looked to the left and right and moved on, Reina spread her arms to block her.

"Dangerous. Don't move.”

Stunned, Amy looked where Reina was staring. Numerous cobwebs stretched through the flour smoke.

"This… … !”

When I came to my senses, I looked back and saw that there were spider webs everywhere. It was a dreary sight, like a sealed warehouse for 100 years.

“Why is there a spider web in a place like this? It looks like a huge spider too.”

"be careful. I have something.”

Reina slowly moved through the webs, leaving Amy behind.

At that moment, a faint voice was heard from the other side where the sacks were piled up.

“… … Hit it.”

Reina and Amy blew themselves off at the same time and headed there.

Sirone was caught upside down in a giant spider's web. His clothes were tattered here and there, and there were numerous stab wounds all over his body.

Amy had tears in her eyes.

“Sirone!”

“Run away… … . this guy... … incredibly strong... … .”

"wait! I'll save you now!”

Amy ran right away.

Just thinking about the sight of a stranger caught in a spider's web gave me chills, but the fact that the target was Sirone was shocking horror.

After examining the web for a while, she grabbed it with her hands and tore it when she couldn't find a way. The cold pain was intense. When I removed her hand and examined it, I saw that her palm had been cut sharply.

“What kind of spider web is this?”

Sirone shouted with all her might.

“Amy! Run away!”

At that moment, Reina hugged Amy by the waist and threw herself. The shrill wind was a sound wave that she could never hear except for Reina's hearing.

Amy, who fell to the floor, looked back at Reina, not knowing why. But her gaze was fixed somewhere in the dark.

“Geuk, that’s quite right.”

Xenoger, who was hanging upside down next to Sirone, came down.

Amy and Rayna were taken aback by the man's grotesque appearance. The torch was far away, so I couldn't see it in detail, but there were definitely several pupils.

“When a string moves, it vibrates. If you have the ability to hear that vibration, you certainly can't kill it with a two-dimensional cut. Yes, it is.”

Amy took a step forward and shouted.

“What have you done to Sirone! Release me quickly!”

Xenoger turned his head at eye level with Sirone, who was hanging upside down.

“Oh, this? I got it for now, Kiki. You can tell by touching it, but it is quite sharp. If you struggle, your whole body will be cut to pieces. That's why I can't even lift one of her fingertips.”

"this… … !”

Just as Amy was about to vent her anger, Xenoger said.

“Okay, here's the problem. Then, when did the scars on Sirone's body appear? 1, before being caught in a spider's web. Number 2, after being caught in a spider web.”

Amy didn't know why that was important in the current situation.

However, as he pondered Xenogor's words, his face grew red. If the answer was the latter, he was going to twist Xenoger's neck no matter what.

“You will never forgive me.”

When Amy was furious, Zenoger found comfort. In fact, number two was his favorite game. If you put it on top of a spider's web and injure it little by little, the prey can move or not.

Unfortunately, the correct answer was number 1.

Sirone's sense of recognizing the existence of the assassin was truly amazing even to Jenoger. After 10 minutes of tracking, I was just about to be caught in a spider's web.

I heard Ji-on's voice from the entrance of the warehouse.

“What, is it not over yet?”

Amy looked back with a bewildered look. Zion, her tentacles hanging down like the legs of her octopus, was arrogantly looking down at her with her hands behind her back.

Amy and Rayna immediately turned their backs.

Sirone is captured by the assassin and even blocked from retreating. The whole situation was working against me.

However, Ji-on did not pay attention to the two women.

It was unexpected that Reina chased this far, but it was a rat in the dock anyway. She was more interested in Sirone, who was caught in her web rather than him.

Landing on the ground, Xenoger bowed and saluted.

“Are you here, Prince? I was just about to finish it.”

"finish? It's way past the promised time. How did this happen?”

"sorry."

Xenoger made no excuses. No matter how excellent an assassin he is, he has no choice but to give one reprieve to those who possess <The Last Scream of the Jaeger Family>, but Spartur's pride comes only from his skills.

Ji-on waved his hand as if he was annoyed.

“Okay, let’s get this done quickly. Cut Sirone's head.”

Xenoger immediately lowered his head and climbed onto the web that was tied to Sirone. But when I was about to finish the work, there was someone who came to mind.

“Is one person still missing?”

I was talking about Arius.

But Ji-on didn't care. 

The flicker magic, the exclusive patent of the Scale Wizard, can be said to be short-distance space movement that occurs in extreme space-time distortion.

Even if they were imprisoned, they were scale wizards who moved to the other side in an instant if there was no magic control device.

Therefore, time and space were not so important to Arius. He was probably looking for an opportunity to appear at some coordinate in time and space by now.

“I will be waiting. Now, quickly separate Sirone's head from her body."

"All right."

Amy shouted, adopting a fighting stance.

“You are laughing! Who do you think would let that happen?”

Ji-on finally looked back at the women and spewed out his life. Tentacles rose over his shoulders, ready to poke out like witch's claws.

Sirone sensed that the armor surrounding Zeon's body was the reality of Armand, even in his distant consciousness.

I thought that if I stayed like this, everyone would die, so I struggled and shouted, not caring about the fact that my flesh was being torn.

“Run away! Take Raina sister and Amy and run away!”

Amy didn't even listen with the back of her ear.

What's the use of running away if Sirone dies? For now, I had no choice but to settle with Zeon.

Reina seemed to have come to the same conclusion, so she lengthened her stride and glared at Zeon.

Auguste is a family that worships swords. Although he did not carry his weapon, the skills he had honed since childhood were never easy.

Amy and Reina split left and right and attacked Zeon with pincers. Unexpectedly, Armand's reaction weakened noticeably.

No matter how symbiote it is, all judgments are made by Zeon. However, since he had no combat experience, he could not properly respond to the diversionary action, and as such, Armand's tentacles could not find the exact point of impact.

Amy immediately noticed the change in her partner.

'You look at me funny! I'll pay you back properly!'

Ji-on gritted his teeth in an unexpected situation. Armand was blocking the visible magic with his tentacles, but Reina, who was invisible, was concerned.

"damn! These girls!”

Zeon retreated as far as he could and blocked the door. If you can subdue your opponent anyway, you should at least block the escape route.

But that was exactly what the two of them were aiming for.

Reina took a long detour through the warehouse and jumped on the sack.

"It's here!"

Any other knight would not have looked back at Reina's voice. It's a fact that even a child knows who is more dangerous between Reina who fights with her bare hands and Amy who uses her magic.

However, Zeon looked back with a sense of urgency, and Amy cast a fire strike aiming at the blind spot.

'finished!'

The moment Amy thought so, her body was suddenly seized by a strange power and flew away. She struggled to get out of her inertia, but it was beyond her control.

In the middle of the flight, it was only when I looked back at Reina that I realized what had happened.

The skein that flew like a cannon came loose and turned into a spider's web and attacked Reina. Her body clung to the wall near the ceiling with cobwebs.

The moment I checked that far, Amy felt a strong pain in her back as she was slammed into the wall.

I looked down at the cobwebs that were holding me down. Even if she tried to break it by force, it was too tough. 

If the thing holding Sirone was a steel wire as sharp as a blade, it was like sticky slime.

Reina and Amy struggled with all their might, but they weren't Xenogers to be left alone.

Xenoger inflated his upper body like a balloon and spewed out spider web beads with his mouth.

A series of spider webs stretched out at the mid-point and continued to cover Reina and Amy.

“Aww!”

Each time the spider's web adhered to it, the restraining force became stronger.

As more than five sheets stuck together, Amy was eventually immobilized. It was the same for Reina, who was on the wall opposite her.

“Cheuk, wait too long. Are you all right, Prince?”

Only then did Jion let go of the hour and come down to the floor. I was very satisfied to see the three people who looked like flying flies, unable to even struggle and restrained.

---------------------------------------