[241] 5. Match Point (3)

"good. I'll give you one last chance to try. Defeat Sabina and Closer and come up. I also defeated Boyle, so there will be no complaints, right? If you can defeat the two of them, then I will deal with you.”

Closer and Sabina were delighted. With this, the plate was laid for Dante. Of course, he had no intention of losing to Sirone.

"no. You don't have to.”

Sirone did not approve of Dante's proposal.

“Hey, come to your senses. you are the challenger At least to deal with me... … .”

“It’s just three people, all attacking at the same time. I'll get it done quickly and I don't want to worry about it anymore.”

“This crazy… … !”

Dante's eyes widened. Even at the Royal Magic School, he had never received such an insult.

Nade, who was watching the situation, stuck out his tongue.

“Anyway, horse feet kill. I will never quarrel with Sirone.”

“Your knack for pissing people off is excellent. I just don't like it.”

Having said that, Iruki voluntarily walked into the bloody scene. He was putting up with it because you didn't come out with poetry until now, not the bad taste of being ignored and having fun.

“Hey, Sirone. If it's something fun like this, join me too.”

Dante glared fiercely at Iruki, who had interrupted like an uninvited guest. Since it seemed that Shiro could not handle it alone, it was clear that she was trying to force her into a team event.

“Iruki, this is not your place to intervene. I can clearly see your intentions.”

"What are you talking about? This is basically my major. I'll deal with you at once. If you count 1 second per person, it will take just 1 second.”

Closer snorted.

“Idiot, 1 second per person should be 3 seconds… … .”

Then, realizing the true meaning of his words, he frowned.

“These are real! are you crazy Who do you think we are and be cocky!”

“If you feel confident, try attacking one by one. The bottom line is that if you fight and win, that's it. What's so complicated about beating someone? Isn't that right, Dante?"

“You are misunderstanding something. I'm not asking you to break and climb up to drain Sirone's energy. I mean, if you want to challenge me, prove your qualifications.”

“Qualifications are sufficient. If you defeat Sirone, no one will attack you anymore.”

Iruki pointed to the students who were observing the dynamics of this place.

"okay? You don't have to make it complicated. If you defeat us, you are the best. You took over the advanced class. Also, that must be a special order you received from someone.”

It was a word that struck a chord. Iruki, who attended the Royal Magic School, would have known Olivia's strategy.

Even if they didn't know, they would have an intuition that she was involved in the reason for their violent behavior.

As long as each other's cards were revealed, Dante did not hide it either.

"good. Let's make it a team battle. We can't disrupt class, so we're having an informal showdown on the weekend. Every week, we face each other one by one, and if we get 2 wins first, it's over. If you guys lose 2 first, me and Sirone don't even have to fight, it's my win. Will you accept it?”

"good. If you want to match the assortment to the end, so be it. 'Cause I'm going to win anyway It won't happen that you avoid a fight with Sirone.”

“Hey, you speak well. If so, add one on your side as well. no matter who Call Boyle.”

“Then no fun. We also have our own line.”

Iruki turned his head. Nade pointed at himself with an absurd expression.

It's not a problem to help Shirone, but I didn't expect to involve her in battle. However, if she refused now, Sirone's momentum would be weakened, so she had no choice but to go.

When Nade walked over, Dante tilted his head.

“Nade? Will you be okay with that?”

As a result of watching so far, the grades were not so good, and there were no advantages that stood out during the practice evaluation.

However, Iruki used the word line. He's been commissioned to smash Sirone, so he'd rather be in a situation where he could crush everyone involved in it.

Nade arrived at the battlefield and whispered to Iruki.

“Hey, what are you thinking? And what if I lose?”

“Just fill in the number of heads. I will take care of everything.”

While the two whispered, Dante went to the teachers. He had been listening to the conversation from beginning to end, so he didn't have to explain.

“I want to build a fence. We request that the 2,000 practice center be open on the weekend.”

Shiina spoke as the representative.

“It's not a matter for us to decide, but we'll look into it. Go back and wait.”

The students stopped practicing and waited impatiently. Shirone's challenge is a rare event, but the confrontation will come to nothing unless the school approves.

When all the teachers in charge of the 2,000th class gathered together, Shiina said.

“It ended up like this. Should I say it was about to explode?”

Sad shook his head.

“I am against it. Students should not be judged by other students for their mistakes. We will open a disciplinary committee and announce the fact that we harmed Pandora.”

Ethella, who rested her chin on her head and was lost in thought, spoke.

“Um, I also agree with some parts of Mr. Sade’s words. But I think the term referee is radical. Could it be interpreted as self-purification between students?”

“It is not that we do not know the importance of self-government. But this is a showdown. There's something strange about the way students fight with each other using magic to win.”

“Even so, Boyle and Dante have already won. Many students are still competing. I think opening 2,000 times on weekends is no different from the concept of supplementary classes.”

Shiina thought Sade's opinion was correct. However, she also understood Etella's desire to entrust her to Sirone. He knew that Sade's words would not work in the school.

“Since opinions differ, I have no choice but to bring in a realistic issue at this point. If we refuse, Dante will make a suggestion to Principal Olivia. What decision does she think he will make?”

Silence leaked from Sade's throat. Olivia would definitely allow it. I don't know why, but I wondered if she had been aiming for this from the beginning. Furthermore, Alpheas told her to follow her words unconditionally. What the hell was Master thinking when he accepted Olivia into her school?

“We are the teachers. Are we going to trust Sirone in this situation? Why?”

“Because Principal Olivia believes in Dante. Principal Alpheas believes in Sirone. Looking back now, I don’t think this is just a problem between students.”

Ethella said.

“I want to believe it too. Just as I am both a teacher and a monk, Sirone has the spirit of a monk who pursues the good even though he is a student. Knowing that fact, wouldn't Principal Alfeas entrust all powers to Principal Olivia?"

Sade was lost in thought. Now that I think about it, it was definitely strange. No matter how great his master was, he couldn't have invited Jerome Olivia, the best teacher in the kingdom.

Even if there was a story, it was clear that it was solid.

'How do you get into more accidents than your pupils, Master?'

Saad sighed and walked towards the students. And he published the primary results regarding Dante's request.

“As a result of the emergency meeting, we will recognize the 2,000 open and unofficial interpersonal combat training.”

The students cheered as if leaving. Thanks to this, THAAD's words that approval from the upper level must be lost have been buried.

It's a word that doesn't even need to be taken out anyway.

"oh my god! This is a big case!”

“It’s finally here! Sirone and Dante! Dante and Sirone! Wow!”

The students couldn't control their blood and went wild.

In the midst of all kinds of shouts, Iruki tapped each person on the shoulder and pointed at himself.

“Hey, it’s not just Sirone, I also fight.”

“Wow! Iruki! did you hear They say Sirone and Dante are fighting!"

“… … .”

News of the confrontation spread throughout the school through the mouths of the students.

The dark research society has already distributed leaflets with information about the two to induce speculation.

The teachers' conference room was also buzzing. All teachers gathered and continued to discuss how to handle this incident.

“Again, it is dangerous. It is against policy to unleash a student's personal feelings through physical conflict.”

At Sade's words, Olivia didn't even snort.

“It's not about fighting, it's about being the best. After all, they're all going to be graduating class next year or the year after. It can be seen as an intensification of competition.”

“But the headmaster! If these things continue, the honor of the school... … !”

Olivia raised her hand as if to say only the first verse.

“The fight between Sirone and Dante will be an event that the entire kingdom pays attention to. I will also make a suggestion directly to the Teachers Association to dispatch a correspondent.”

The conference room was sluggish. She, the auditor of her teachers' society, calls her correspondent herself. If that happens, Alpheas Magic School will receive public attention. In addition, it was a special privilege for the school to be published in an academic journal with Dante, the star of the kingdom, at the forefront.

Sweet fantasies floated hazily through the heads of the teachers. The first prestigious Alpheas Magic School in the kingdom. The best teacher who guides the students there (that's me).

Sade, on the other hand, was in a bad mood. I'm always in favor of a school's growing reputation, but I didn't like using it as a tool to silence teachers.

“Principal Olivia, let me tell you something.”

“THAAD, you can proceed as is.”

“Yes, proceed as is… … huh?"

Saad, his face reddened, turned his head.

Alpheas was standing at the back door. Because her case was a case, Olivia did not issue an order to celebrate as much as this time.

“As expected, Mr. Alpheas has foresight. It would be foolish to leave it alone when it is a case of great merit to the school.”

“Is it possible? Thanks to that, I will become famous in my later years. Ha ha ha ha ha!"

“When the confrontation is over, Dante's victory article will go out in a big way. A child named Sirone must be hurt a lot, but I feel sorry for her because she is so excited by herself.”

“Chuck! Both children attend Alpheas Magic School, so they are like Alpheas' pupils. But I also believe that the best should be covered.”

Olivia's eyes narrowed. She hated being hit back without losing a word, and it was to her death.

This time, Alpheas' eyes were also violent. It was a clash of educational philosophies for decades as two teachers who had been involved in the teaching profession for the rest of their lives got students who would mark the end of their careers.

An hour later, the agenda of the unofficial confrontation was approved through formal procedures.

6. Magic Clash (1)

Students eagerly awaited the coming weekend.

It was the first time in the past 10 years that Alpheas Magic School had created such a hot topic.

On the day of the confrontation between Shirone and Dantae, there was talk that the teacher association would dispatch even a correspondent.

Male students joked about making their presence known to the world by playing outlandish pranks, while female students worried about what to wear.

Iruki and Nade headed to the research club. Even in the middle of walking a short distance, I heard a lot of stories that I couldn't distinguish between real and fake, but none of them came out.

“I didn’t even expect it from the beginning, but it’s frustrating when it turns out like this. Are we on the sidelines?”

“Still, the archives are coming. excuse me… … Maybe I should do it first, right?”

Nade was worried from the day the match was approved.

Since Closer was looking for Iruki, his opponent would probably be Victor Sabina.

A terrifying woman who sprays wind cutters all over the place while accelerating with haste.

Excluding the senior year, he was a talented player who could be ranked in the top 20 in the country, so it was clear that it would be a tough fight regardless of the match.

---------------------------------------