[202] 2. The Age of Turbulence (2)

Only Arin, whose metagate was taken from a very close range, looked down at his empty hand, not understanding the situation. He didn't even know that a fallen angel was standing right next to him.

“Hmm, is this a metagate? Even citizens are forbidden from using it. It's quite the subject of heresy.”

Hearing Ikasa's voice, Arin's face turned pale.

It was more than 30 meters away. But how could the metagate be stolen?

Furthermore, picking up an object while moving at high speed meant that it was accelerated only by physical force.

“Hmm, to come here with a metagate? I hope you... … Did Miro send you?”

Sirone did not answer. She instinctively felt that no information should be given to her.

“Huh, if you don’t want to talk about it, it’s fine if you don’t. If you analyze this anyway, the coordinates will come out.”

Metagate is a high-tech equipment of the Mecha tribe. If it was dismantled with Mecha's technology, it was possible to know which coordinates were recorded without operating it.

Of course, Ikasa had already guessed. In particular, the act of stopping Ilhwa from drinking was a highlight. It was clear that they were from the home of the hateful Maze.

Ikasa passed between Sirone and the others, shaking her slender figure.

It was defenseless, but no one could put a hand on it.

The place where Ikasa stopped was where the women were standing.

As the tall angel looked down, Amy was extremely intimidated. However, he did not lose his fear and continued the snowball fight until the end.

“Are you a virgin?”

Amy's face brightened. In terms of the level of verbal violence, it was like a foul play.

“What, what?”

“Knock-knock! That's right. Maybe you too?”

Ikasa asked, pointing alternately at Tess and Arin. The faces of the two people also turned red without exception.

“Hmm, that’s it, right? You have great patience for a human being?”

Ikasa bent down and looked closely at Arin. Black hair, black pupils, and a white face reminiscent of moonlight.

“Oh, you are from the East. very good."

Ikasa was satisfied. At first, he came to solve the 20,000-year-old grievance, but he unexpectedly got an unexpected harvest.

The coordinates of Miro's hometown and the three girls. At this level, the possibility of being promoted to an angel again was sufficient.

Ikasa rotated the halo to activate the power of an angel.

“Uh, huh?”

As Amy, Tess, and Arin ascended into the air, a light reflexively gathered in front of Sirone's eyes.

"no! stop!"

At the same time as the photon cannons rushed in, Canis and Harvest launched a pincer attack. Lian also raised his greatsword and charged.

Ikasa stretched out her slender finger and drew from left to right. Then all his attacks ricocheted off the invisible curtain.

Sirone shouted, unable to shake off his anxiety.

“Free the women! come down! Let's fight us!”

Ikasa looked at the party pitifully, then flew high with the three girls.

Sirone's heart felt like it would explode.

It shouldn't end like this. My heart couldn't stand it when the situation ended so helplessly.

Rising through the sky, Ikasa accelerated the halo.

A fiery whirlpool was born before her eyes, and a heavy mass was born. It was an object with orange bands intersecting its black body, but I couldn’t guess what shape it was until now.

“Tabu, kill heresy. I'm going to Kariel-sama."

“… … Yes, Ikasa-sama.”

Ikasa quickly receded into the northern sky. Amy's voice calling someone followed her.

Sirone looked up at the sky with a distraught face. I didn't think it was real.

It's not that I didn't take risks when I came to heaven. But I never thought I would be so helpless.

'I… … Because I asked to come.'

Sirone closed her eyes tightly.

it's your own fault He should have stopped coming to heaven in the first place. He thought he had a meta gate and he would be a little safe. It's a stupid misunderstanding. Angels were beings beyond human imagination.

Whoops!

The black mass crashed to the ground. The surface was so smooth that it looked like a rock. However, when he stretched out his crouched body, a figure resembling a gorilla stood up.

A thin orange band was engraved in a symmetrical form, and the contrast between the colors was strangely disgusting.

You could tell it was a unicorn by the triangle floating above its head. It was much smaller than the Mara I saw at Nohr's Shelter, but I didn't think it was weak.

“Kekeke! i am taboo It's been a long time since we've had a battle, so let's enjoy it.”

Sirone and the others were ready for battle. However, by the time the women were taken away, the fighting spirit had fallen to the bottom.

Whether he knew their feelings or not, Tabu crouched excitedly alone.

"I'm embarrassed to show off because my strength is suppressed... … .”

An intense heat exploded as the taboo's orange band glowed.

“There is more than enough for the likes of you.”

Tabu kicked off the ground with the horse and charged.

Lian ran up and swung his greatsword. Taboo did not dodge or block. As if Lian couldn't be seen, he thrust his sword into the running posture.

bang! An impact sounded and Lian was thrown into the sky.

Taboo leaned back and looked up at Sirone. And she threw herself into it. It was an indescribable strangeness that Tabu's face turned upside down approached.

At an approach beyond human common sense, Sirone cast a berserker. The curtain of light hit the tabu, but it broke through as if it didn't care.

“Hehe, that’s an interesting magic.”

Taboo's face came close to his nose. Vertical orange lines ran where her eyes should be, and her mouth was parted like a crack without even her lips.

The light beam spewed out mass at a rapid rate of 20 times per second, but the tab was relaxed as if it had been hit by a rainstorm.

With his tongue hanging down to his stomach, he mocked Sirone.

“Keke. Are you sad? Because the woman was taken away?”

Murderous intent dwelled in Sirone's eyes. She has to get Amy back.

Ironically, the moment she realized that fact, Sirone erased Amy from her mind.

As the spirit gathered, the power of the light width was strengthened.

This time, even Tabu didn't have the nerve to hold on. Riding away in a wide range, he began to disturb the battlefield with indescribable strange movements.

creative? No, it was primitive.

Whenever they approached with a flexible movement like a monkey and delivered a heavy attack like a rock, Sirone and the others could only block them.

'Is this Mara's power?'

The power itself may be inferior to that of the Whirlpool Snake, but if you rank it, the taboo is much higher.

In terms of speed, strength, balance, and even combat intelligence, it surpassed the whirlpool snake, which was only large.

If Ikasa hadn't lost his power, wouldn't this monster also have been disastrous?

The moment Tabu's fist flew at Sirone, a shadow wall rose from the floor.

bang! A noise erupted from the other side of the shadow.

Taboo did not reap the attack. It was just frantically pushing him in with his fists on.

As the fist pierced the shadow wall, it hit Sirone's forehead.

The first barrier absorbed the shock, but it felt like the world was spinning.

Canis rose from Sirone's shadow.

“It's impossible with a normal attack. Open Immortal Function right now.”

"What are you talking about? When did it open?”

Kanis put on an absurd expression. He knows best the power of the Photon Cannon, which is cast in Immortal Function state, having experienced it himself. You mean you couldn't even get hurt?

“Is the laser impossible?”

“Wouldn’t that be difficult? It's small and fast.”

Energy accumulation takes more than 5 seconds. It was an unreasonable tactic against a taboo whose movement pattern was unpredictable, unless it was a big guy like a whirlwind snake.

“Let’s try anyway. I'll try to stop him, so attack him then.”

Kanis cast the power of darkness. The shadows gathered like capillaries grabbed Tabu's ankles, climbed up his knees, and tied them tightly to his wrists.

As Sirone's laser hit Tabu, her body gradually began to heat up red. If it stayed like this, no matter how strong the durability was, the explosion would be a matter of time.

“Hahaha! Satisfaction! That’s it!”

As Tabu, who had inflated his thighs, leaped, the power of darkness that held his limbs tore like paper.

His figure was dotted in the sky in an instant.

Is it a bunch too? The Power of Darkness specializes in engineering power, but it is not strong in physical power. A much stronger restraining force was needed to hold the tabu.

“Canis! Give me a little more time!”

Sirone decided to take a chance on photon modeling. It was once evaluated as inefficient, but things were different now that Shining Impact was a success.

While Harvest was dealing with Taboo, Canis saw the spheres of light gathering towards Sirone.

Considering that the intensity of the light is weak like in Shining Impact, it was an attempt to reduce the vibration of the particles.

It's a nice idea, but will it work?

-Even if you suppress the vibration, you can't grow it to a size that can be shaped. Like Shining Impact, it eventually explodes.

- No. I guess it's not compression?

At Harvest's words, Canis turned her head again.

What Sirone molded into a sphere of light was a ring small enough to be made with her index finger and thumb.

'That child! no way… … ?'

A startling thought flashed through Canis's mind.

Clearly, light magic cannot be modeled as precisely as dark magic. 

However, the modeling itself may not be impossible.

The ring of light created by Sirone began to repeat itself over and over again.

A shudder ran down Canis' spine as she watched the scene.

There was, a form that could be created with photons.

fractal structure.

A fractal is a copy of its own form to form a whole.

Sirone came up with a way to collect the smallest particles to make the simplest form and then replicate it infinitely.

Once a form was completed, it took an instant to print it out.

Chains spewed out like streams of light from the spheres of light gathered between Sirone's palms.

Since it is a method that reverses the attribute, the consumption of mental power is inevitably worse than that of ordinary magic, but it was the only strategy that could be tried against taboo.

Tabu, who was chasing after Canis, realized something strange and turned to Sirone.

Chains tens of meters long emanated light and swayed around Sirone.

The ability of light called the power of an angel. Among them, it was the most difficult form of light.

“What an insignificant human being!”

The taboo shouted and ran. Sirone, who confronts him, also swings his arm and throws the chain.

Chains entwined in the form of spheres began to wrap around Tabu's body. It started at the ankles, wrapped around the waist, and dug into the armpits. Then I turned my neck and came down in an X shape and wrapped around my thighs.

Kak! There was a sound of stones scraping.

Taboo's fist stopped just before hitting Sirone on the bridge of the nose. His trembling fists represented his anger.

“Great!”

Tabu couldn't budge.

As the links of the chain with gravity pull each other, the tension is getting stronger. 

Even the slightest movement of the body would dig into the gap and tighten it.

Lee Ki-rin, head of the Fairy Department, looked at the taboo wrapped in the chain of light with disbelief.

who the heck is that boy?

Even among the angels who deal with light, there were only a handful of people who could use molding techniques.

What made it hard to believe the situation was the same for Canis.

It's not just a chain. It was formed with fractal technology and created tensile force using mass.

It was on a different level from Sirone's magic until now. The magic corresponding to the Photon Cannon exists in other classes as well. The same was true for lasers and beam widths.

However, the magic of the chain was an area unique to God Particles that no series could imitate.

-The battery of the unlocker is evolving at a frightening speed. It is magic that defies common sense whenever it comes out. Following Shining Impact, is it Shining Chain this time?

Canis remained silent. While it's nice for his comrades to be strong when he has to bring his friends back, his innate belligerence was feeling defeated.

-Kanis, your heart is beating fast. don't mind too much You came to heaven to be strong. If it's you, you can surpass Sirone.

- Yes. I'll have to get over it someday For now, let's focus on the situation.

Consoling herself like that, Canis walked to the place where Tabu was tied up.

---------------------------------------