[466] Initiation of War (2)

Silence ensued for a while.

It may not be their last chance, but they knew that if it didn't work here, they would be the ones who would lose in the end.

Will it work?

Half of it was an attempt close to gambling.

Above all, the problem was that the place they were currently in was a space created by eating out.

How big is the gap between the Orga in front of you and the real Orga of the fairy?

Even the slightest indirect impact would make the operation a failure.

'It's an incredibly complex and delicate diet.'

A whole building was implemented, and a number of prescribed meals were installed in each room.

Is it really possible?

No human being can distort so many things.

If possible... … .

'Stream of consciousness.'

Sirone recalled her experience with Drimo.

Only the space where you are standing right now materializes, and the other rooms only exist in a state of nothingness.

It was the same reason that when you think of your own house in your head, your thoughts flow as if you were actually moving rather than looking at the whole thing.

If that was the case, it was possible to include another meal out within the diet.

'It's also not easy, but... … .'

Therefore, Orga's consciousness is now concentrated in this room.

This was the family that Sirone had established.

After organizing her thoughts, Sirone proposed to Orga.

“Don’t look away from me for one minute.”

It was a strange suggestion.

However, Orga did not have the right to change the opponent's offer.

"great. I will.”

Sirone glared at Orga.

After this action, it is Orga's turn next.

The game will be decided there.

'Valhalla action.'

In a situation where you are caught eating out of the rules, actions outside of the rules are probably prohibited.

However, with Valhalla Action, it might be possible.

This is because the equivalent exchange of cause and effect accepts even the whole cause that an action is prohibited and converts it into an effect.

So what matters is the computation time.

Even though Ataraxia's accumulation time had fallen to less than 30 seconds, Sirone suggested 1 minute to give her a little extra time.

When Sirone carried out the suggestion, Orga looked at Sirone this time.

The meaning of looking is that Orga's mind is completely focused on Sirone.

visor!

The magic circle of Valhalla action was born above your head. The calculation was instantaneous.

'do!'

Exactly 57 seconds.

It was the time from mirroring to reaching the result of Ataraxia being integrated.

Before Orga could say anything with a surprised expression, cause and effect were reversed, and a colorful Ataraxia was born in front of her eyes.

"Quaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!"

Even Shehakim's fairy manager couldn't stand it in front of the archangel's magic circle, especially Ikael, who had the highest authority in heaven.

No, the shock was even greater because it was such a powerful fairy.

Light leaked out as cracks formed in Orga's body.

The phosphorus of light gradually increased in volume and was intensely oxidized while swallowing her.

Rumble!

As Paradise collapsed, the original scenery was finally revealed.

It was still Paradise, but all the plaster on the walls was shattered and fell to the floor.

Several intricate patterns painted with red paint were engraved on the fragments of plaster.

'The space was designed and controlled with the mind.'

Flew felt rather fortunate.

If a fairy manages to eat out to the extent that even a building can be realized with spirit, there will be no chance for humans to win this war.

“Keugh!”

Orga moaned in pain as she lay her frail little body on the ground.

The sudden attack of Ataraxia was as shocking as being stabbed by a sword to a fairy specializing in the mind.

"Boss! Are you okay?”

Numerous fairies assisting Orga clung to it and shouted with worried expressions.

Then, he turned his head and glared at Sirone and the others with terrifying eyes.

“I am a spy for the rebels! kill!”

As the fairies flew in, Fleur stood in front of Sirone.

I don't know how many seconds the cost of Valhalla's action is, but I have to fight myself until Sirone can move.

“Phoenix Pavilion!”

Flew, who flew the phoenix high, opened the Dawkins Algorithm and dealt with the fairies.

Shehakim's fairies belonged to the middle ranks among the 72 classes, so the pressure of fighting as a group against the professional wizards of the human world surged.

Flames vomited and the different concepts of the Elves shook Paradise.

'I can't last long!'

The limitation of the Dawkins Algorithm lies in the magician's physical abilities.

No matter how automatic the reaction is, if you are subjected to continuous fire like this, your body will not be able to get out of it.

'54 seconds.'

The collaboration between the supernatural power fairy and the unexpected fairy was the most difficult.

When the mighty force suppressed the fleur, the sudden fairy pierced the spear with a completely unexpected trajectory.

'55 seconds.'

Every time that happened, Flew's body twisted bizarrely, and his movable joints let out a scream.

“Kill! If only the interest is caught, the war will end!”

The firepower of the rebels is not something that even Heaven can take lightly, but if you capture Sirone, the light of Area 73, the morale of the enemy will crawl to the bottom.

The resourcefulness of Orga, who saw the battle outside Shehakim and understood the espionage strategy, was worthy of being called a fairy strategist.

'56 seconds.'

The roaring fairy fired sound waves, and the sound of hundreds of tons of steel bars being pushed out next to it disturbed Fleur's mind.

“Keugh!”

As the Dawkins Algorithm was broken, dozens of fairies rushed from all sides.

Exactly 57 seconds!

At the same time, Sirone kicked the floor and ran out.

The moment the mighty fairy grabbed Fleur's head and tried to explode it as if putting her palms together, something blurry passed by and instead her body exploded.

Then the fairies around them began to shatter.

Orga, who finally came to her senses, stared blankly at Sirone with her eyes hidden under heavy makeup.

The tentacles were swinging so fast that you couldn't even see them.

As for magic, fairies are inevitably vulnerable to attacks accompanied by physical force.

“Keugh!”

"Boss! You can't move already!”

“Support… … Ask for support.”

Meanwhile, Sirone was removing all the fairies she could see.

“That way!”

Before the fairy could call for help, the giants rushed in. The cove also included the Kergos who had gained eternal life.

They also belonged to the hunting team at one time, so their combat power was overwhelming even within their own kind.

“Sirone! Let's retreat for now!”

Since quietness, a prerequisite for infiltration, was broken, it was better to follow Fleur's words, but it is impossible to escape anyway.

He had already felt the Kergo tribe's tracking skills in heaven.

“Huh!”

Sirone opened her eyes and glared at the enemy camp.

Pupils were born outside the artificial brain, and Akamai's antithesis bound them.

“Great!”

Not only the giants but also the fairies trembled with a surprised expression at the tremendous binding force.

Although he is a fallen angel, the binding force that could immobilize Ikasa, the angelic phase, was not something that a mere giant could break.

With the addition of magical power amplification, a trait of Jinmai-sig-type Galtomic, a photon cannon several times larger than before was mounted in front of Sirone.

The photon cannons increased their numbers one by one as if using clone magic, and finally, 12 huge spheres of light emitted white light and shook.

“Now!”

Sirone fired all the photon cannons and turned around.

When the antithesis was released, the enemies finally moved, but the Photon Cannon, which had already left the demonstration, was right in front of them.

Kwa-kwa-kwa-kwa-kwa-kwa-kwak!

There was a roar and flashes of light in Area 12 of Shehakim.

Perhaps the enemy soldiers in the vicinity would flock, but if so, it was rather fortunate for Sirone and the others.

"hurry!"

Sirone and Fleur jumped over the buildings in Paradise and escaped.

“Follow me! Don't miss it!”

The Kergos who survived the explosion fled quickly.

A chase after chase was held for 30 minutes.

Scheme's athletic ability shone in the street battles, and Sirone and Fleur managed to escape their pursuit by setting the route as complicated as possible.

"ha! ha!"

The two sat side by side with their backs against the wall, breathing heavily.

Armand instantly stabilized breathing by increasing oxygen saturation, and in the meantime, the broken index finger was also completely healed.

'No matter how hard it is, treating a fracture in a matter of hours.'

It was thanks to the addition of Kenser's trait of infinite cell proliferation.

“Now what?”

“I have to go, to Arabot.”

“But I don’t know where this is. I lost my direction. furthermore… … .”

The enemies already know that Sirone has infiltrated.

It was right to see that the difficulty of the mission had risen dozens of times from the beginning.

“For now, let’s get some clothes again.”

It was after being severely beaten by Orga's regular dining out, but it was impossible to walk around the streets with such an appearance.

“I found it, Sirone.”

Sirone and Fleur's faces turned pale at the voice they heard from the sky.

At the same time as the voice reached, an object entered the radius of their spirit zone.

small creature. was a fairy

'I have to kill!'

Flew turned around, and Sirone swung her tentacle faster than him.

The fairy flinched at the sudden attack.

The reason Sirone was able to stop the tentacles was because Armand had raised his torso vision to the limit.

The sharp needles of the tentacles stopped right in front of the fairy's eyes.

The moment she saw the trembling fairy with her eyes closed tightly, Sirone took off her hood with a dazed expression.

"you you… … ?”

Peope, the spiral fairy who helped Sirone until the end on the last trip to heaven, quietly opened her eyes.

“Hee!”

Seeing the needle in front of her eyes, Feope was frightened and backed away.

Then, with a red face, he shouted at Sirone.

"what! You are going to kill me!”

Sirone hurriedly retracted her tentacles.

Peope! More than anything else, only pleasure preceded it.

Because it was a battlefield, so it was even more lonely, so the moment I saw Peope's face, tears welled up.

As Sirone approached as if to embrace her, Peope hurriedly held out her hand and trembled.

“What, what? Why are you like this all of a sudden?”

"What happened? How did you know I was here? No, is this okay?”

The sober reason of the magician clearly assumed that Feope might be an enemy.

However, Sirone put that cold thought aside for the time being.

If the assumptions are true, it would be unbearable at any cost.

Peope looked at Sirone with friendly eyes and smiled calmly.

It wasn't long before they left, but her expression showed an intellectual composure.

“Welcome, Sirone. I miss you."

Feope grabbed Syrone's cheek and kissed her on the forehead.

When the warmth of her lips was transmitted, the voice she had heard earlier flowed faintly into Sirone's head.

love you.

Even if it was the confession of an immature fairy whose concept had not yet been differentiated in detail, her sincerity was clearly conveyed.

'Peope. It's Peopero.'

Sirone raised her hands and placed Feope on her palm.

Even if everyone tries to harm her, not as much as her. It was the realm of faith, not the realm of reason.

“Peope.”

"huh?"

“I have to fight Heaven.”

Feope blinked and waited for the words to follow.

“Can you take me, or us, to Arabot?”

Nothing else was said.

It was because he knew that this was the question he would eventually reach in any conversation, and that the answer he needed to hear would soon come from Peope.

Feope thought for a long time, but she never avoided Sirone's gaze.

As if she had given up on something, her eyes were filled with sadness, while the corners of her mouth moved slightly upward as if a new fluttering feeling was seeping in.

With such a face, Peope nodded towards Sirone.

"okay. I'll take you.”

---------------------------------------