[216] 6. Heaven's Trouble (3)

As Lian slowly closed the gap and waited for an opportunity to attack, Tess shouted in frustration.

“You bear! Fighting later, let us go first!”

"damn! Even if you want to... … !”

In my heart, I wanted to run right away. However, in the situation where the archangel was guarding it, it was the same as committing suicide to look elsewhere.

Arin calmly explained.

“Kanis, the wine of life has already begun. I need to take off the panel that's on my forehead. Otherwise, we will all conceive Nephilim.”

Before Canis could answer, Lian shouted, eyes wide.

"what? You should have told me that first!”

“That's what I said, you fool! If you don’t want to see me go crazy, take off the handcuffs first!”

"okay! hang on!"

Anyway, Lian and Tess had similar tendencies. Unlike wizards who grasp the situation until the odds arise, Lian ran with the idea of ​​removing the panel first.

At that moment, a shockwave occurred in front of my eyes. Lian, who backed away in pain, raised her gaze. Kariel, floating in her air, held out her hand with her displeased expression.

'what? It's nothing?'

It was surprising that the shockwave burst into the empty space, but it was not as destructive as expected.

Lian, who was intimidated by the title of archangel, grabbed the greatsword with new hope.

Canis was also paying attention to the information Lian had obtained.

- Archangel's ability is lower than expected. it will be a chance for us

- It must be because of the wine of life or something. Wouldn't it be easy to make a human?

- I guess so. But are you surprised? Are you saying you're going to go on like this even though we've come?

Angels are strong, but they don't exist for battle. 

For example, Archangel Ikael's ability was activated, which seemed to have nothing to do with combat.

But the concept is so huge that any horse, even angels, trembles.

Kariel also had a huge concept of birth.

Explosions, fires, machines, drugs, etc. 

The number of things that can be created by combining existing things is close to infinite.

However, among them, the thing that Kariel was most proud of was life.

No matter what object you create, the energy concentrated in the birth itself is enormous.

In particular, when it comes to the spirits of creatures that give birth to living things, even the archangel must pour most of his mental power into it.

“How dare you interfere with the archangel's calling. People who don’t live to be 100 years old are arrogant.”

Canis sent Harvest into darkness without anyone noticing. It was a strategy to rescue the women in the gap when Kariel was ambushed while she waited.

“An angelic calling? What are you trying to do by making the Nephilim? Unlockers can be found in our world as well.”

Amy opened her mouth. She had seen through Kanis's strategy to prolong time.

“Heaven is using the Nephilim to attack the human world. There are more Unlockers on our side of the world, so we're trying to balance the power.”

"Conquest? Are you going to war?”

"okay. The Nephilim are not like the apostles of God. He was a spy sent to the occupied territories.”

Kariel did not deny it. He didn't care about the thoughts of an insignificant human being.

Ra is great and the angel is superior. There was no room for human concepts to interfere with what the archangels were doing.

“I should be grateful to you. Thanks to you, I was able to fight the final war.”

The eyes of Amy and the others were focused on Kariel. The word “last war” was unsettling, but I couldn’t understand the meaning of being able to fight it.

“The Last War?”

“It is literally. The human world will soon perish. Until now, the hateful labyrinth was blocking the end, but because of you, the beginning of the war has opened.”

Canis was perplexed. The woman Sirone was looking for was blocking the end. 

Then, Arcane's response came to mind. If the destruction of mankind was at stake, it was understandable that Master had erased her memories.

“But why is it because of us? What did we do?”

“A woman named Miro blocks the passage between heaven and the human world. But through the Metagate you brought, a new path has been opened. Sooner or later, the armies of Heaven will mercilessly burn humans.”

Everyone's heart sank. If Kariel's words are true, he has done something irreversible. The destruction of mankind is hastened by them.

Kariel shouted, pointing at the mechanism.

“Look! It's a metagate brought by Ikasa! When the Art of Life is over, I'll analyze the coordinates. The moment a new portal opens, your world will perish!”

The eyes of Amy and the others returned at the same time.

“… … .”

The great world war has become calm. nobody spoke up

When the expected reaction did not come out, Kariel, puzzled, slowly turned her head. Then he had the same expression.

“… … .”

The fairy who embraced the metagate stared blankly at me with her mouth open.

Kariel tried to say something, but then shut her mouth again.

Why is the fairy here? It was different from the law, and even if it was not the law, it was a situation where cause and effect could not be found.

Perhaps the silence was awkward, Peope spoke first.

“Oh, hello.”

Kariel tilted her head. Will he say hello to himself? Then at least it's not crazy. By all means, I spoke with the hope that you would find an appropriate probability with this question.

"Who the hell are you?"

“This is Peope.”

Kariel cried. However, he struggled to control his mind, as showing his emotions was a demeaning act.

“Yes, Peope. Why are you here?”

"Ah, I'm going to find Metagate."

“… … Right. Then why... … Ha, so why are you and the like trying to find it?”

“That’s because there will be no war.”

At that moment, Kariel's patience broke. She held out her hand with the sole intention of exploding the flying flies in front of her eyes.

In one shot, it explodes splendidly.

"die."

- Harvest! It's now!

Harvest emerged from the darkness of the Great World War. 

The moment he wielded a shadow as sharp as a blade, Kariel flew up to the ceiling.

Canis, aiming for that opportunity, shouted as she ran to the women.

“Rian! Protect Peope! It must never be taken away!”

Lian immediately turned and ran towards Peope. He wanted to rescue Tess right away, but in an urgent situation, it was better to listen to the wizard.

“Peope! come here!"

Peope, who was taken aback by the sudden battle, heard Lian's voice and flew away.

Kariel evaded Harvest's pursuit and aimed at Feope. However, when Lian grabbed the sword first and kept his position, he turned sharply and flew back to the ceiling.

Lian, who was relieved, looked back at Peope.

“Whoa, are you okay?”

"I don't know! I thought I was scared to death! Hurry up and take this!”

Feope's face was as pale as soup. It was a situation where he had to provoke the archangel. Even thinking about it now, I couldn't figure out how I got it.

Lian was handed the Metagate. No matter how wooden or stone she was, she couldn't help but be moved.

If you activate the metagate right now, at least you can go home.

Of course, I had no intention of doing that, but thinking about how much the situation had improved gave me a surge of courage.

“Thank you, Peope.”

“Don't get me wrong! I wasn't trying to help... … !”

Feope stopped talking. The situation was so obvious that I couldn't think of words to hide my feelings.

Disobeyed the archangel's order and helped humans. It wasn't a violation of the law, it was an act of completely burning it.

Peope, who gave up his excuses, made a voice.

“So, what are you going to do? Now I'm done.”

"Come with me."

"what?"

“Come with us. There are many interesting things in the world out there. You saved us, so we will do our best to save you.”

Feope hurriedly turned around. To be honest, this was a bit exciting.

But she couldn't accept the offer. It's not difficult to go to the world of humans, but that's because it wasn't something I did with the hope of such a thing.

“Okay, you fool! Think about it after you save your friends!”

Rian watched the progress of Canis while being wary of her surroundings. Currently, Kanis was cutting the women's handcuffs with the Power of Darkness.

- 40% progress in the Art of Life.

Amy shouted when a voice came from the ceiling.

"hurry! There is no time!”

“Be quiet, you pumpkin! If your mind is shaken, your wrists will be cut off!”

Kanis was cutting the handcuffs of the three people by spinning a sharp shadow like a blade. He was in full contact with the woman's flesh, and he required precise work.

Kariel, who moved away from Harvest, was getting annoyed. She even wondered what it would be like to cancel the drink of life and annihilate them.

There are probably 50,000 ways to kill with the power of birth.

But the drink of life could not be canceled.

None of the women tested positive even though the information transfer rate exceeded 40 percent.

'They are the best stuff. I can never give up.'

Kariel opened the portal as a last resort. 

With the remaining mental strength, he could summon a fairly decent Mara, and he even came up with the right person for the situation.

“Respond to the call, Baalb.”

When a new Mara appeared, the Great World War turned ominous. Everyone except Canis looked up at the ceiling and checked the number of horns.

It was Lee Gak Mara.

“Sleeper Baalb. I follow Kariel's command.”

He was a handsome old middle-aged man. His hair was oiled and tucked back, and his bared ears were pricked.

He was as tall as an angel and wore a cloak with a collar higher than his head.

“Conquer the human. The wine of life must not be disturbed.”

“That is definitely my major. All right."

Baalb landed on the ground with his right hand on his chest.

“Peope, take care of me for a moment.”

Lian, who entrusted the metagate to Peope, charged Baalb. But even though he rushed at the risk of death, he couldn't even get close. As he approached Baalb, his consciousness began to cloud as his mind became hazy.

'what? Suddenly sleepy... … .'

Being drowsy in a situation where you were fighting for your life was impossible unless you were crazy.

It's definitely some ability.

Realizing that, Lian hurriedly retreated.

As soon as I left the invisible realm, my consciousness returned. However, the fatigue from lack of sleep remained intact in the body.

It was a situation where the tantrum was bound to explode.

“Damn it, what kind of trick is this again?”

From giants to fairies, Mara to angels, all of them had incredible abilities. Looking back, he even felt ashamed at the thought that he came to heaven and became a burden to his friends.

Baalb turned around in a dignified manner.

“It is useless. You won't even be able to swing your sword at me.”

A red jewel slowly circled around Baalb. maybe that's the problem?

With a kendo stance, they slowly closed the gap. As expected, after passing a certain boundary line, the red jewel glowed and drowsiness began to pour in again.

'shit. That was it too. What the hell is it?'

No one knew the identity of the jewel, but Harvest, a magical creature, read its unique wavelength.

-Kanis, it's a bad situation. I'd rather step back for now. It is an object.

- Object? Is that an object?

Kanis had also only heard about Arcane, but it was the first time he had actually seen it.

An object is a thing.

What sets it apart from ordinary objects is that it exerts a strange influence on the outside world.

Some objects are familiar to humans. 

Like the cursed blue diamond or the flying carpet.

Humans also collect quite a lot of things, so it was not strange that maras who roamed the world had at least one.

A vampiric object possessed by a certain Mara is said to suck the blood of the surroundings. Also, objects of hatred could trigger anger and lead to murder.

The object of Baalb is an object of sleep, and it is an object that makes any creature fall asleep when it enters the sphere of influence.

---------------------------------------