Last Crusade (4)

“Oooh!”

Looking down at Rukia, who was writhing in pain, Sirone put on a sad expression.

The fact that the emotional disease that started in Tormia arrived at the Vatican riding the wind means that it almost circled the planet.

am.'

No one can escape.

'According to guidelines from the World Health Organization

As a result, emotions can be controlled to some extent. But Rukia-san... …

There is nothing more to give up.

'No, you can't give up. All instructions to be carried out in the name of God and God.'

Glenn was insane.

“Rukia, be patient! I'll fix it! I will definitely take you to the Pyramid of Truth... … !”

"cadet! Ahhh!"

Sirone asked with a cold expression.

"What happened?"

Argan, the dragon, answered in a small voice.

“There are rumors that some of the pilgrims who broke through the control and approached the Pyramid of Truth were cured of emotional illness.”

“Didn’t you hear?”

If it was true, Seriel would have stepped in.

“It seems that Paras controlled the information. But lately more pilgrims are coming. It is only a matter of time before information spreads beyond national borders.”

“… … That's why the king gave permission to enter.”

Judgment that it is better to reveal the truth of the pyramid before the situation gets out of control.

Ares said.

“I’m sorry for not revealing it beforehand. My first attempt to explore the pyramids was out of pure curiosity. Then, emotional disease broke out, and Glenn and Rukia joined. Rukia is in a bit of a special situation. She can't stand her any longer.” “There are several prescriptions for emotional illness. First, the guidelines of the World Health Organization. And, from what I've heard, a self called Giyorgi relieves symptoms.”

Sirone's eyes grew bitter.

“But he is a demon. It's a method that would never be tolerated in Lamie. Then he heard rumors about Yahweh. I don't know if it's true, but you

one… …

Ares looked around for a moment.

“I heard you have the ability to suppress emotional illness?”

"yes."

Glenn turned his head and shouted.

“Miss Ares! Don't talk nonsense! A priest of Lamie religion is receiving help from Yahweh!”

"iced coffee! Ahhh!"

Glenn's face turned pale as Rukia screamed impatiently.

“Lucia! Rukia!”

Seeing that, Sirone said.

“But I can’t cure it either. If you don't get baptized by me periodically, you will relapse.”

“… … Right."

Ares rummaged through his pockets.

“The last solution we investigated, this is it. Only in the Southern Continent did he take out liquids and syringes.

“Angel Tears, Angel.”

He said that he suggested all four ways to respond to emotional illness.

“I had it just in case you didn’t know. Even if we can hold on, Rukia won't give up anything.”

Rukia shook her head with difficulty, perhaps listening to Ares' words even in pain.

“No, Glenn. For a priest to rely on something like that... … . I will endure... … Ahhh!"

Everyone who suffered from emotional illness knew that the pain was not something they could endure.

Glenn cried.

“Rukia, only this once. Let's get this medicine. Then, in the Pyramid of Truth... …

Rukia smiled thinly.

“Glen, I will definitely go back to the Vatican. The Pope... … You will acknowledge me.”

papal decree.

Up north from the Mediterranean is the Vatican of Lamie, the world's largest religion.

Shirone, Iruki, and Nade, who stopped their pilgrimage to the Central Continent, arrived at the Papal Territory early in the morning.

Nade looked around.

“Are you okay? If they knew you were Yahweh, the Vatican would not let them go.”

“I can't help it. The temple will open soon. I can't see the Pope if it's not now."

Yahweh, who fought against demons on a pilgrimage to the Central Continent, was now a worldwide celebrity.

Lamigyo could not be left unattended, and has been constantly sabotaging by moving the genitals.

“Papal office.”

A tall spire that made people feel awe just by looking at it caught their eyes.

“Extra! Extra!”

Priests with shaved heads were handing out bundles of newspapers to the people.

“What is going on?”

The official newspaper of the Holy See reports extraordinary events in dioceses around the world, but now it was an extra. Iruki approached in place of Sirone.

“One copy, please.”

The priest, who prioritized speed, handed over the newspaper and passed by without even looking at his face.

“Hmm.”

I checked the headlines.

- impending crusade. World leaders bet the future of mankind on God's command.

“It turns out like this in the end.”

The seat that determines the leader of mankind.

As the world situation is serious, the prevailing opinion is that this will be the last holy war.

“12 countries will participate in this temple.”

Qualifications are determined by integrating annual gross domestic product, population, and national defense scale.

“Until now, the Three Emperors moved the military of the holy war as a standing member, but this time, 12 countries will compete as non-standing members. Pope Constantine will be there as an observer. It is a system approved by the Lamie Church once the leader is decided.”

Iruki said.

“The leader country will be determined by the logic of power, but if you use religion, you can quickly absorb the results into the world. Lamie religion is sanctioned by the holy crusades, and the pope's words are protected by world law. Definitely an excellent choice.”

It was so strong that even people who did not believe in God thought of the god of Lamie at the word god.

said Nade.

“The Lamigyo side has nothing to lose. It is a golden opportunity to seize the hegemony of the religious world once again in the situation at the end of the century when new religions gain strength.”

Sirone nodded.

“I agree with the idea that the world should unite. Of course, it won't be that easy, but... …

Nade flipped through the newspaper.

“Any article is talking about emotional disease. Anyway, that's a lot of information. You can find out about issues from all over the world just by looking at the newspapers published by the Holy See.”

Then, he saw an article that caught Sirone's eye.

"wait for a sec. here… …

-Where is Priest Rukia?

It was an article that began with such a preface, and Sirone read it without missing a single word.

Iruki murmured.

“Hmm, interesting. To think that a priest of the Vatican, who was also called the essence of God, was excommunicated.”

Rukia, who rose from her mother's faith to a priesthood, made a name for herself as the best priest in the Vatican.

Nade added.

“You seem to have tremendous abilities. Because all the bad guys you know by name have knelt down.”

Sirone continued reading.

'She was cursed by the devil. While injuring High Priest Maximus, the third person in the papacy... …

At the end of the article, it was said that the wise priest, Glenn, had fallen for Rukia's temptation.

Iruki said.

“Escape together. It's an article written from the Vatican's point of view, so I can't believe it 100%. It could be an escape from love. High-ranking priests and paladins have a doctrine of keeping golden marriages.”

said Nade.

“But they are not high priests. Well, someday that will happen. But Sirone, why is this article?”

“These are people I know.”

“Simultaneous events?”

"huh. I'm in the Kingdom of Paras now. I wondered why he was obsessed with the Pyramid of Truth... …

Sirone's mind became complicated.

Holy See.

Constantine was looking down at the Papal States from the top of the spire.

There was a knock, and the media priest of the parish administration entered the room.

“Holy Father, extras have been distributed. Sooner or later the world will know.”

“Yeah, good job.”

When the haloed Pope smiled benevolently, it seemed as if light radiated from his body.

'The world's strongest priest.'

It was strange to be called the strongest for a clergyman, but it was different now when demons were in full swing.

'He is the one who will deal with the entire demon tribe alone. This person will lead us to the path of God.'

said Constantine.

“I read the extra. Well done.”

“It is overrated. We admire the great judgment of the Pope in announcing that he will follow the guidelines of the World Health Organization.”

“Rukia… …

The priest shrugged.

“It’s a bit different from the direction I wanted. Of course, I don't mean to disparage the priest's skills.”

“I’m sorry. But if you show favoritism to Rukia, the authority of the Holy See will collapse. Anyway, the child... …

"favoritism?"

The priest, realizing his mistake, bowed his head.

"sorry!"

“It’s okay. Everyone makes mistakes. Because we follow God, we are not God. Many people forget this fact and live. Even Maximus, the High Priestess.”

“Pope… …

It was dangerous even for Constantine to disparage the 3rd high priest of the Vatican.

"haha! What do you think? I'm not scolding you. Maximus, Rukia, and even me. In fact, if you go deep, it's not anyone's fault. It's complicated, life is.”

“That's why there are doctrines. to obey the will of God. Rukia broke doctrine, and excommunication was justified.”

“It’s also pitiful.”

Constantine asked with his eyes shining.

“Hey, why do you believe in God?”

"??????yes?"

I wondered if the question was too blasphemous to be said to have come from the mouth of the pope.

“If you want to create a better world, you just have to be kind. Even if God created us, shouldn't we just be thankful and live our lives? Then why do we believe in God?”

Finally, the priest's expression became serious.

“Good for me… …

“That this is not the end.”

said Constantine.

“We believe in God because we want it to never end. To realize the momentary emptiness and plan eternity. That is the duty given to religious people.”

The priest shrank slightly.

“Human beings easily forget death, but we shouldn't be like that. Speaking of a priest, he is responsible for death, not life.”

To be sure there is no end.

“Can you be responsible for someone else's death? Will I be able to take responsibility for the death of mankind?”

Those who take responsibility will be used by God.

“I miss Rukia. Glenn too.”

The priest, who mumbled for a while, lowered his head as if he couldn't help it.

“I will publish an article in the next issue.”

Nagnak Oasis.

No one was left in the cafeteria because of how terrifying Rukia's screams were.

Only Sirone and Ares and the others waited impatiently for her decision.

"no. the pain won't stop Rukia will not give up anything.”

to prove one's faith.

“Angel.”

Before Ares could do anything, Glen snatched the syringe and injected the drug.

“Glenn, I… …

“I’m sorry, Rukia.”

Unable to watch any longer, Glenn brought a needle into Rukia's slender forearm.

"no! no!"

She, who had strongly refused even in pain, suddenly opened her eyes wide and let out a breath.

“Huh uh uh uh!”

Brilliant light enveloped her and the veins protruding from her face began to settle.

“Sir, Sirone.”

Ares stepped back, and Glenn looked back at Sirone and opened his mouth in surprise.

“Hey, Yahweh.”

The Miracle Stream was rising.