[484] Heaven's Night (2)

When Gaold came out of the cave, there was no sign of Gangnan, but the footprints on the floor were going into the forest.

Gangnan's face was severely crumpled as he searched for the most secluded place in the forest.

Suppressing the moans that escaped from her pursed lips, she stomped her feet and looked around.

Eventually, he couldn't stand it and jumped into the bush and sat down as soon as he lowered his pants.

Because she had endured going to the bathroom for two days, her bladder felt like it was about to burst.

The pain was greater than the pleasure, and at the end of the tingling pain, the coolness of urinating flooded in, and finally his expression regained a sense of stability.

However, the feeling of lightness was short-lived, and soon her eyes were sharply wary of her son-in-law.

Leaving the South, what the world taught her was that she shouldn't give excuses in the first place.

More ferociously, like a beast, biting doubt before it turns to certainty.

That was the way the last descendant of the wolf tribe lived in the world.

“How long have you been patient?”

When Gangnan was about to stand up after finishing his errands, he heard Gaold's voice from the forest.

After a while, the bushes cleared and he appeared in a haggard appearance.

The forest blocked the moonlight, but for some reason, his pupils seemed to radiate their own light.

As Kang Nan's nose wrinkled, his spirit rose.

It is clear that this man, like the other men, had a dark heart.

The only difference is that he is an expert who can't even feel the presence.

“If you hold on too long, you will get sick. Did the men do anything bad to you?"

A cold smile crept across Kang's lips.

It was because there was not a single man who really cared about himself for anyone who asked such a thing.

“I am a wolf. If you treat me as a human being, I will kill you.”

“Kangnan, you are a woman.”

Gaold moved on.

As if floating on the ground, with a calm gait, Kang Nan hesitated and stepped back.

“And I am a man.”

Kang Nan backed away without thinking back and put his back on the trunk of the tree.

Before I knew it, Gaold was right in front of me.

“Anything can happen.”

The moment the madman's eyes cooled down, Kang Nan realized that it would be the end if he stayed as it was, and launched an attack.

Gaold's legs popped as she landed her most confident low kick.

'what?'

It's like hitting an airbag full of air.

There was no shock whatsoever.

"omg!"

Gaold's hand pressed down on Gangnan's shoulder.

Helpless, she sat down and fell to the floor at Gaold's hand.

Gaold sat down on her stomach and put his hands on her shoulders.

“Hey, let go of this! Otherwise... … .”

“Don’t run away from you.”

Gangnan's mouth was closed.

“Woman or man, don’t worry about things that have already been decided. What really matters is what you can do.”

When Gaold pushed his face in, Kang Nan shuddered.

It was an inescapable fear.

“Now, tell me. What can you do at this moment?”

I can not do anything.

Her body was completely restrained, and Gaold's abilities surpassed those of anyone she had ever met.

'I can't win by running away.'

He wasn't as strong as Gaold, but his strength was clever, and Gaold's words quickly penetrated his mind.

“Hey, haven’t I pulled up my pants yet?”

The moment Gaold was about to check, Kang Nan clenched his teeth and hit him head-on.

With a loud bang, Gaold's body fell backwards.

“Aaaaaaaaa!”

Kang Nan stood up with a sneer as if he was delighted.

“Hey, how are you? If this... … .”

However, Gaold's condition was not serious.

Of course, I did my best to headbutt him, but if it was normal, I would faint from shock, but it didn't hurt that much.

“Aaaaaa! Aaaaaa!”

Gaold was rolling on the ground holding his head.

He was much more sensitive to pain than normal people, and he felt the pain as if his brain were being stirred with an iron rod.

When Gaold's screams didn't stop, Gangnan realized that the situation was serious and ran to him.

"what's the matter? What happened?"

“Aaaaaaaa! Aaaaaa!”

"Say something! Where are you sick?”

No matter how much Gangnan shouted, Gaold couldn't hear it.

Gaold had to spend the dawn only in pain, and that was the beginning of a long relationship between the two.

As they roamed the world together to practice, Jiangnan learned little by little about Gaold.

He wasn't the kind of person who likes to talk, but from the occasional combination of words that popped out, you could guess what kind of life he lived.

He was practicing to meet someone.

Adrias Miro.

When he heard that this world was being protected by a woman's hands, Gangnan couldn't help but respect him.

“So Miro is the strongest woman in the world?”

“There is no concept of being the best in combat. But officially it will. Miro represented her humanity, and it’s a situation where no one can defeat her.”

Gangnan spat out indifferently and looked at Gaold's back as he walked away.

the strongest woman in the world.

Is that man in love with such a person?

“How would you feel if I became the strongest in the world?”

Gaold turned his attention to the bold words of the girl who was still only around her waist.

“If you really want to, you might be able to reach it. But in my opinion, it's probably impossible.”

"why? I'm not afraid of anything I will do anything to become stronger.”

Gangnan's tenacity was acknowledged by Gaold.

He was also gifted with physical talent as a fighter.

If she grows up like this, her body will surely become a weapon.

However, Gaold also had feelings while wandering around the world, so he had no intention of adding unnecessary wind.

“It's not a matter of talent. It is not a matter of effort.”

“Then what kind of person is Miro?”

"she is… … .”

Gaold looked at the other side of the desert where the ocher-colored wind was blowing.

“Something more than human. But since there is nothing to define it, we just call it human.”

She stopped and savored Gaold's words, then followed him with a pouting lip.

"Hmph, but I'll win in the end."

The place they arrived was the Akkad Desert in the Kingdom of Paras in the Middle East.

Gaold said that he would practice self-denial to overcome pain there.

The desert is a land of death, and in order for the two of them to survive, misery beyond strength was essential.

In the underground cave where they lived, Gaold's screams resonated every night, and Gangnan searched for food day and night to sustain the pain.

A madman and a wolf, reclusive in the depths of the desert, lived only by relying on each other's warmth.

Gangnan still cannot define the relationship at that time.

family? friend? Comrade? lover? or enemy.

The two people only sought each other for the feelings that ordinary humans have to experience with many people.

I couldn't live otherwise.

Then one day, Kang Nan experiences the most terrible tragedy in the world.

“Ugh, tired.”

Taking a bundle of desert bugs in her sack, she wearily walked deep into the cave.

Then I heard Gaold's tearing screams.

I hear screams every day, but this time, something was different.

It was mixed with anxious sound waves that I was sure of.

"mister!"

As the bundle was untied, the insects that escaped quickly spread radially.

When Kang Nan reached the end of the cave, the screams were no longer heard.

Her eyes, trembling with fear, found Gaold lying on the floor.

"mister! Mister, what's wrong?"

“Turn it off… … .”

Gaold's eyes were fixed on the ceiling, and saliva leaked from his mouth.

Knowing the nature of Gaold's self-reciprocal mutation, she had a hunch.

After continuing to experiment with the threshold of nociception, the brain finally developed an abnormality.

Now he's in hell.

They were caught in an eternal pain that they did not even know when to get out of.

"mister! Please wake up!”

It was the first time in my life that I felt fear.

Because only the two of them were the whole world, it was impossible to imagine a world without Gaold.

So the 14-year-old girl waited for him to return, calling for Gaoldman for days and days without doing anything.

Gradually losing consciousness, she fell into Gaold's arms and fainted. After falling asleep for three days, she slowly opened her eyes.

It was as if he had been asleep for a thousand years.

However, when she checked Gaold, who still showed no signs of waking up, her eyes showed a fierce determination unlike before.

Sasasak.

Sensitive hearing picked up the footsteps of insects crawling on the floor.

Lost in thought for a moment, she quickly reached out and grabbed the insect's body.

She stuffed a thumb-sized worm into her mouth and chewed it, then kissed Gaold and pumped in the crumbled nutrients.

Taking out a pot of drinking water and gently placing the spout of the water bottle to Gaold's lips, she said in a determined voice, as if she had made up her mind.

“Wait, uncle. I will definitely save you. I will do anything to bring you back.”

Gangnan went out to the city of Paras.

Clinic, medicine, magic, intelligence.

No matter what you get, what you need is money.

Does Gaold know?

What kind of life Gangnan had to live during the one year that it took for him to wake up again.

What kind of hardships he had to go through to keep an adult who was like a vegetable who couldn't do anything.

However, Kang Nan had never mentioned what had happened at the time.

It was the time I endured while waiting for Gaold to wake up.

And when Gaold finally opened his eyes miraculously, the anger and resentment that had built up in his heart disappeared without a trace.

“Whoa.”

The first scene that came to Gaold's eyes after he came to his senses was not the shady cave he fell into hell, but the ceiling of a simple inn.

After waiting for a while, the door clicked open.

After returning with food and medicine, Kang Nan was shocked to see Gaold lying on the bed and blinking.

"mister… … .”

Kang Nan, who threw the bag of food, jumped into Gaold's arms and burst into tears.

"mister! mister!"

Kang Nan was 15 years old at the time.

Although only a year had passed, Gaold was unfamiliar with how Kang Nan had grown physically and mentally.

“You saved me.”

Kang Nan shook his head and wiped away tears.

he is back You won't be alone again.

“Don't do that again. Promise. Never leave me.”

Gaold stared at Gangnan's face.

Because I know why you don't ask.

Because I know the hellish time Gangnan had to fight alone to protect himself.

Gaold hugged Gangnan's face.

“Let’s go back to Tormia. I will never leave you again.”

Gaold's self-denial after escaping from hell was on a different level than before.

Now was the time to start in earnest.

He returns to Tormia and becomes the head of the Magic Association.

Without that, the maze could not be recaptured, and Gangnan will play a key role in the project as his second-in-command.

Kang Nan nodded in Gaold's arms.

The sadness I had to go through so far did not stop the tears, but it was something that Gaold couldn't find out.

“Mister, there is one thing I have decided this time.”

When Gangnan raised his head as if he had suddenly remembered, Gaold also smiled and asked.

“Yeah, what is it?”

Kang Nan said with a bright smile.

“I will become the second strongest woman in the world.”

---------------------------------------