[316] 1/3 (2)

Sirone confessed what happened at Kazura.

As Amy asked, the story about Armin was omitted, but there were still too many things. He engaged in a war of words with the king of one country, and befriended Wu Lin, the daughter of the Empress. He had a fight with the officers of the magic department, and even demonstrated ataraxia in front of the highest nobles.

Friends were listening to the story with their mouths open in a daze. It was too absurd for an 18-year-old boy to experience. Sirone had been to the royal castle.

“So you said you were stabbed? You really almost died.”

Sirone lifted the hem of her clothes and showed the wound. The stitch marks were clear.

Iruki asked anxiously.

“Is your hair okay? It must have been quite a shock.”

“Fortunately, after taking a few days off, I feel much better. The stomach is still throbbing. That's right, I also brought an objet. come to my room later I'll show."

"omg! really? Weapons are not allowed on campus. Did you become very brave after being stabbed?”

Sirone waved his hand with a tired expression.

“No, I didn’t want to do that either, but there were circumstances.”

Armand, whose pride was hurt by being put in the corner of the room, tormented Sirone with mental waves every night. Even if he didn't have enough time to rest, he pecked his mind, so he had no choice but to promise to take him. Like most demonic swords, Armand's personality seems to be quite demanding.

“Then let’s go see it now. I can't wait to see you! Golden Armed Forces! Rated control!”

"later. I have somewhere to go now.”

"huh? Where are you going?”

Iruki hit Nade on the side.

“It’s a graduation exam. I should spend my last night with my lover.”

Sirone firmly shook her head.

"no it's not! Amy followed Kazura and helped me. She wants to go and cheer for her in person.”

“I guess so. Anyway, let's go. When the sun goes down, the steel door closes. Please tell me to cheer up.”

Sirone checked the time and was startled.

"uh? has it already been like this? Then I'll come. See you later.”

After leaving the training ground, Sirone headed for the senior class building.

The reason why I couldn't visit Amy as soon as I came to school is because the experiences of incarnation are floating beyond the curtain of consciousness. Among other things, she wanted to hide in her mouse hole if a scene in which she confessed her jealousy to Amy penetrated her like a surprise.

If I had tried to talk right after the incident, there wouldn't have been this awkwardness, but the situation was not good. After collapsing in her wagon, Sirone was escorted to her home, and Amy returned to school, preparing for her graduation exams, without giving her time to rest.

'Ha, that's a big deal. How can I see Amy's face?'

Sirone shook his head and brushed his thoughts away.

Amy followed up to Kazura ahead of an important exam. If it wasn't for her, she wouldn't have been able to go to magic school as she is today with her sane mind.

'Okay, let's not think about anything for a while. Amy's passing is the priority.'

The day when she, who entered school at the age of 12, will bear fruit for six years is approaching. Currently, her graduating class rank is 4th. It was a tremendous growth to see her achievement in half a year.

'Am I going to be unable to keep my promise? Well, it doesn't matter.'

It was Sirone who promised to catch up with Amy. However, she also reached her higher rank through tireless efforts. If I graduate, I will gladly admit defeat.

After passing through the steel gate, the symbol of the graduating class, I saw some seniors walking in a flower bed.

No one looked at Sirone. no today All they could think about was tomorrow.

There were seniors who focused on mental unification, and there were seniors who thought it would be better to relax. They were a group of people huddled around a campfire and talking.

There were many familiar seniors, and Amy and Seriel were also among them.

“Oh my, isn’t that Sirone over there?”

"what? Really?”

Sirone approached with a hard face. I never expected that Amy would be with other seniors.

"Hello… … .”

Seriel ran over and hugged Sirone's face.

“Aww! It's sirone! What's going on here? Are you here to cheer me on?”

Buried in Seriel's chest, Sirone's cheeks were burning.

But when she felt her body tremble, she realized it was no joke. She heard the sound of her heart beating fast.

'This is the senior year.'

Everyone here is a person who has dedicated their lives to becoming a wizard. And if you pass the exam tomorrow, you will become the wizard of your dreams.

Probability is 1 in 3.

When it was regarded as someone else's work, it was considered a fairly high probability. However, when I put it into the party, it was said that the remaining 20 people would have to compete again for another year.

When she thought of that, Seriel's heart wasn't ashamed either.

Sirone hugged her as hard as he could. Everyone worked hard. It is unthinkable that anyone would fall here.

But if possible... … She hoped that she would pass her

“Work hard, senior. I will support you too.”

"huh. Thank you, Sirone.”

Only then did Sirone see Seriel's face. Fear and excitement coexisted.

Even the look on his face, which looked like he was about to burst into tears, was sublime. Because she knows how hard she put in to get to where she is.

Sirone looked back at Amy.

Unlike Seriel, her face showed neither tension nor excitement. Everything is ready. It seemed that the growth curve for six years was perfectly aligned toward tomorrow.

So I felt good, and thank you. If she showed even the slightest sway, she would have been tormented by the guilt of taking her to Khazra.

“Amy, cheer up too. I will cheer for you tomorrow too.”

“Yeah, thank you. I will do my best.”

Currently, Amy's mind reminded me of a flowing river with the streams of thoughts integrated into one. There was no room for anything like Kazura's awkward situation to come to mind.

Sirone had a chat with the seniors. The student council president, Amira, was also present. When she was trapped in the space-time of the labyrinth, she was the one who instigated the student council to stage a sit-in, but now it was part of her memories.

“Finally, tomorrow is the end of this boring school life.”

Most of them nodded at Amira's words. The day before her exam, she had no idea that she would fail.

However, Sanuel's expression was not good.

Sirone remembered the time when he came as Etella's demonstration assistant. A senior who surprised an advanced class student with an amazing ultrasound technique.

But even he failed the graduation exam last year, and this was his second challenge.

According to magic school statistics, the probability that a student who failed the first exam will pass the second exam is quite low, so it was natural for them to be nervous.

Amira comforted Sanuel.

“Don’t worry too much, Sanuel. You worked hard. I failed miserably in the last graduation exam. There will be good results this time.”

"Ok, thanks. You will surely pass.”

Since it is not possible to pass alone, it was at least a human part to be able to encourage one another among competitors.

"Howdy? Were you all gathered here?”

Famous seniors from the school walked by.

Richard of Alchemy. Electric Monster Licorn. Sona's Hercy.

And the one who led them was Ardino Fermi, the No. 1 in Class One.

Fermi, who sticks to a suit, was more suited to an accountant than a wizard. Come to think of it, I heard that the Ardino family is also a famous merchant family.

“What, why are your faces so hardened? don't be too nervous You know me taking the graduation exam for 6 years. ha ha ha!"

Fermi made a joke, but no one laughed.

The reason why he has not been able to graduate until now, who always takes first place in the graduating class, was the mystery of Alpheas Magic School. Some say that he is a broker who takes money and gives an advantage to the graduation exam, but nothing has been confirmed.

“Fermi, aren’t you being too careless? If you act carefree like that, next year you will be taking the exam with your juniors.”

"haha! You're just doing your best. These things are originally left to the heavens.”

Fermi felt their gaze and turned his head. Amy was looking at him with a bold expression.

“Hwiyu, is our little lady in high spirits today? How are you, how are you?”

“It’s the best. How about that one?”

“Me too… … so so."

“I hope you take the test in the best condition. Because tomorrow is the day I graduate from magic school with first place.”

"ha ha ha! I really can't stand you. Yeah, let's stick together properly. Because tomorrow is not a classmate, but a competitor.”

As Fermi took the party away, those gathered at the campfire looked at them warily. Skills are also skills, but since all of them are veterans who have taken the graduation exam at least four times, the difference in experience could not be ignored.

To change the mood, Amira spoke up.

“I went to the World Climate Organization last vacation. It was really cool. There are over a thousand professional wizards.”

“Hey, it’s so good there. I heard that the head of the organization has more power than the king of a country?”

Weather is a powerful factor that controls human food, clothing and shelter, food production, and ecosystems. Therefore, if a climate wizard belonging to the red line does not pass the national examination, the use of magic itself is considered a crime. In addition, since there are no borders, an international agreement is needed, and the World Climate Organization is in charge of it.

“It's not necessarily the World Climate Organization, but it's a huge power. One of my relatives works at an astronomical observatory, and even high-ranking nobles are stuck.”

“But you have to pass the state exam. I heard someone I know changed his major after failing to pass the exam for 10 years.”

Amira said energetically.

“Whoops! So I'm taking on the challenge. High risk high return is my motto. If you pass, you can challenge the highest place you can climb as a wizard.”

“Well, you can do it. If you get a seat later, be sure to contact me? haha!"

Since Amira served as the student body president, the image of the head of the World Climate Organization was naturally associated with it.

If you go out into society later and realize how great the gap between the two positions is, you will be ashamed of today's remarks and will not be able to bear it, but what is the big deal? It is a dream because someone ends up achieving it.

Starting with Amira, each of them revealed their aspirations.

At first, Seriel's dream was to get a job at a public health center and live a normal life, but now she has changed her mind and wants to develop vaccine magic at the World Health Organization. His theory was that when the vaccine magic was activated, the unit price of medicines would decrease.

Amy still had a goal of becoming a soldier, but after going to Kazura this time, she had a new sense of calling.

Hearing her words, Sirone thought of Jion. When he heard that he had threatened Amy with a plan to go to war with Tormia, his blood boiled to the point that he wanted to enlist in her army.

Sanuel was thinking of double majoring. He said that the language is important, but he is going to study abroad to learn mental magic.

"ha! It's all a tough life. Yes, let's try hard! Tomorrow we all become wizards!”

“Good!”

Seeing the seniors taking the first steps toward their dreams, Sirone's heart was filled with excitement.

I sincerely hope that everyone here will pass.

* * *

The morning was bright.

The Colosseum, where the graduation exam was held, was crowded with people.

Although it is not compulsory, all students applied for a viewing, and most of the parents of seniors also visited the school. Scouts from magic associations in each country and even a correspondent who came to cover the story arrived.

Sirone did not realize that the people he had seen in the newspapers passed by casually. He seemed to be taking a political board rather than a magic school exam.

"That's really great, graduation exam."

Iruki said indifferently.

“It is like this every year. Because it's very extreme. Please, I hope my dad doesn't come.”

“Sirone, that person over there. Isn't that Amy's father?"

Karmis Shakora and his wife Isis stood arm in arm in front of the Colosseum.

---------------------------------------