Shaking the law (4)

The coffin of Kitra, which was moved to the secret room where the 12th palace of the zodiac resides, opened with a rattle.

" majesty."

Kitra raised his upper body.

«O»

The reason why the heart doesn't beat is because they are already Oparts with the laws of things.

“The time has come.”

The endless waves of time have changed the laws of the pyramids built all over the world.

huge adjustment.

Why did it take longer than expected to change the concept engraved inside the pyramid?

'Satiel and Rayel.'

This is because the two archangels hold to the existing law in the sun's core.

'Every concept is derived from the eight archangels. Therefore, the power is 2/8 of the whole. That is, 1/4.'

It was not negligible, but it was not enough to prevent the cosmic change of the Grand Court.

“The time has come.”

As Kitra's eyes lit up, the giant controller rotated and cracked the outer shell.

Light radiated between them, and a dark sphere engulfed the outer shell and was born.

“Ugh, ugh!”

All the objects in the secret room were sucked in, and members of the 12 palaces of the zodiac were no exception.

Rumble, rumble.

Hearing gravitational waves that humans cannot hear, Kitra stared at the black sphere.

'There is nothing in there.' Paradoxically, it contains all the possibilities of the world.

“God, come.”

Kitra stood up from the altar and spread his arms.

“Final adjustments.”

The inscriptions inside the pyramids erected all over the world emitted blue light.

As the flow of light, which had been speeding like waves, gradually accelerated, a strange phenomenon occurred.

A huge electromagnetic field with a diameter of more than 80 kilometers formed around the pyramid.

"huh? what?"

The husband, who was drinking tea in an ordinary home, felt a weak electric current.

“Suddenly, chicken meat... …

At that moment, he realized that the scenery inside the house overlapped with other scenery.

A mansion, a shabby single room, an open bar, and even a coffin buried in a grave.

'What harmony is this?'

For a while, he felt the correlation between himself and the scenery.

'According to my heart...

Everything in the world was changing.

“Honey, what are you doing?”

The woman walking in the scenery of the mansion could not find any difference from reality.

No, to be precise, I wondered if the reality he lived in was not an illusion.

“You, you… …

The husband remembered the woman.

It was the first unrequited love he had ever had in his life.

"What's wrong with your expression? Have you ever had a dirty thought? Licking!”

The way he held his belly button and smiled was the same as when he was young, but he couldn't understand why.

'What happened?'

At that moment, the law was twisted transcending time and space, and the logic of cause and effect was reconstructed.

'Oh right.'

When we met 10 years later at the reunion, we confessed and we got married.

'that's right. I did.'

All the memories permeated into my brain as if I had really lived back in the past.

'What the hell is real?'

However, the real wife also remains as an afterimage.

'Like a probability.'

A stranger to mathematics, it was a word that accurately defined how he felt.

'The real wife is 60%, and the current wife is about 40% realistic... …

are overlapping

“Honey, let’s go shopping. You know the clothes you said you wanted to buy before? I'll buy it for you.”

As the real wife faded even more, the man instinctively shook his head.

'no. I like my current wife better.' no, more than that.

A sudden thought came to my mind, and the scenery began to overlap again.

'The woman I really loved was a work colleague I met at the age of twenty-six, I pictured her beautiful image in my mind.

'why? Why not?'

Numerous landscapes are overlapping, but the incident with her is not recognized.

'Did you hate me that much?'

Even if he wanted it, if the other person didn't want it, there was no future.

'I really liked it.'

She had married a co-worker who was much more capable and well-off than she was.

'If only I had power and money.' At the same time, I felt confident that I had become a successful businessman by overcoming fierce competition from a young age.

'I can meet her.'

She coldly bowed her head in the event that unfolds probabilistically through her five senses.

“Boss, it’s meeting time.”

The man is disappointed.

'Are you just a secretary? Even though I tried so hard.'

If he couldn't win her love by any means, there was only one way left.

'It will be fine. Yeah, I can change it again anyway, right?'

The man used his boss's authority to kiss her, and after a while he felt a dull shock.

The shamed woman hit the man with a metal trophy on the table.

“Kyaaak!”

The bleeding man collapsed and looked at the landscape in a receding consciousness.

Events disappeared and there was only darkness.

'I'm going to die.'

What he overlooked was the illusion that this phenomenon only happened to him.

“Sal, save me, honey.” When I called out to her wife, who now had only 1 percent of her left, she smiled and turned around.

A man other than himself came up to her and hugged her and kissed her tenderly.

“Black. Whoops.”

When the probability of his death exceeded 99 percent, the memory of his children disappeared from his head.

'no. Why all of a sudden… … ?'

They try to recall their original family, but they have already left to find their own desires.

'Let's live. I can't just die.'

Then, as the darkness dissipated, several options entered his cognition again.

Of course, the beautiful scenery he had experienced so far was never seen again.

“Save people!”

At the same time as he shouted, he jumped up from the shabby house in the slum.

“Heo-eok! Huh!”

Since everyone chose their lives according to their own desires, they have no place to return to.

'Still, I lived.'

Looking around, the scenery was still covered in a colorful haze.

'haha. Cheek.' Then I can't lose either.

With just a few overlaps, his humanity was completely different from the first.

"are you okay. you can change it again If I put my mind to it, this beggarly reality will become heaven.”

The law was agitated.

Realizing that he couldn't read the wizard's mind, Havitz opened his mouth.

"tie."

It's just a matter of playing the game.

“A good start. Is it your turn to propose first? Listen to it.”

The Wizard was faithful to its purpose.

'It worked.'

The key to the game Zetaro suggested depended on how much Havits enjoyed it.

'If kisses work... …

This situation of never knowing the truth will drive Satan to death.

"I am… …

Wizard said.

“I will love you today.”

“And I will hate you today. Standard of the day is until midnight. This is my mandate.”

One of the two must be true.

“Didn’t I say that the rules of the game must be accompanied by actions or evidence that can prove the fact?”

"Yes. If it is true that I love you, kiss me again.”

“What if you hate it?”

“I will break a finger.”

A finger is not a matter directly related to life, but Havitz realized.

'I might die.' Under the premise that it is a game, the wizard can recognize Havitz's vanishing.

Conversely, Havitz cannot capture the Wizard's first shot, that is, the missing 1 frame.

'Requires at least 2 frames. But that means not even being able to access it.'

It was not an easy task against the awakened Wizard.

'In the end, one of the two will be proven. Kiss me or break my finger.'

The warm touch of the wizard that had touched her lips was still there.

“I approve.”

Wizard's eyes were cold.

'Also, you... …

You don't know how brutal this game is.

“Then it is my turn. i kill sirone Also kills Uorin. Until the midnight you suggested.”

The time period was set long because the assassination game had to be performed at the same time, but it was super strong.

Wizard thought.

'My heart was caught only once before yesterday. I never thought the leak of information would come back like this.'

If Havitsu aimed at Sirone, Wizard would have no choice but to hate Havitz.

'A proposition to set the standard for common sense judgment. It means I'm desperate to know my truth.'

Harvits, Satan.

'It's pure enough to make me laugh out loud.'

A variable called sirone was created, but so far it was as expected by Vulcan.

“Okay, I approve.”

"Then it's decided. We'll have to prove the truth to each other by midnight. If you lose... …

Harvits grinned.

“You can expect what I will do.”

“Havitz.”

The Wizard strode forward and said.

"i love you."

At the same time as Habitz put on a puzzled expression, she twisted her back a lot.

'This is the beginning.'

Gritting my teeth and hitting his side with all my might, Havitz's eyes widened.

“Gagging?????

Since the power of magic was added, a terrible shock was transmitted to Satan's body.

'A kiss, a finger... …

Just a bait to drive Satan into this place.

“Havitz.”

As Havitz, who was kneeling, slowly raised his head, the wizard smiled and said,

"i love you."

Life flashed in her eyes, and a small fist struck Harvits in the jaw.

“Cheak!”

Sliding on the floor with his head turned, he looked over his shoulder at the wizard.

The Wizard has arrived.

'Yes, you will never be able to read me.'

Except for kissing and fingering, you're free to do anything during the game, but... … .

'You've already been eaten by the system.'

Vulcan said:

“The existence outside the law, Shi-ok, is also annoying, but Satan’s greatest weapon is vanishing. If you just tie it up, you can never become invincible. Of course, it is valid in the existence of you, Wizard.”

“What if it doesn’t work?”

“It will work.”

The corner of the Vulcan's mouth went up.

"Satan. its pure chaos. Humanity did not know how to deal with the concept that appeared in reality. But now it's different. It took a lot of sacrifices to get to know Havitz.”

even though it failed.

“The Abella that Havitz loved. Jaysteen, who hated Havitz. An assassination attempt during World War II. All of that information defines Havitz.” It was not a meaningless sacrifice.

“Humans are a species that makes more failures than any other creature. But the failures pile up and pile up, and you finally solve the problem. That's gold. so… …

Balkan said.

“How about trying this?”

Harvits coughed up blood.

“Cool!”

Even as the Wizard approached, his vanishing was ineffective.

It's a game anyway.

"why?"

Havitz, who stood up against the wall, looked back at the Wizard with a puzzled expression.

"well. that… …

The Wizard smiled kindly.

“You have to find out for yourself. Because that’s what it is.” Harvits, breathing heavily through her nose, limped away into the hallway opposite her.

“Why are you running away? You like me.”

“Shiok.”

Twelve shadows formed on the floor, and in an instant, Havitz disappeared.

'Was it too strong?'

No, he will definitely come back to himself.

“Where have you been?”

In a situation where any murderous intent was a joke, the wizard hypnotized himself.

“Play with me, Harvits.”