Karma Chain(1)

behind the world.

This place, called Hell, is as wide as the real world and has a society as organized as humans.

However, while human society was a product of reason, hell society was a product of emotion, and the system was different.

The most representative is that if the base of reality is water, the base of hell is fire.

A world where the sky is mostly covered with fiery clouds, and hot fire flowers fall instead of cold rain.

The fire that fell to the ground melted like lava and flowed into a huge river of fire.

Cities are formed along the tributaries of the rivers, where, without exception, there is a device called a purification plant.

A lava dam that adjusts the amount of fire, a soul treatment plant that controls the quality of fire, and a 24-hour hellfire simmering fire pit.

And the place in charge of all these purification facilities was the Hwa Resources Management Corporation, which boasts the highest authority in hell.

“Aaaaa!”

A shrieking sound could be heard from the office of the head of the Korea Fire Resources Management Corporation, also known as the Chemical Corporation.

It sounds painful, but between the syllables there was a feeling of pleasure.

The door opened hastily.

"president! What are you doing!”

The president, who had put both legs on the table, hurriedly crouched down and turned around.

“Aww! what!"

Chief Secretary Monoras said calmly.

“No, I came because I heard a sound.”

The president of the chemical company, Lethe, narrowed her eyes and took a cold look at the Monolas.

A pig's head with reddish-brown skin, the worst and lowest demons with no intelligence.

'Why is that guy... …

Are you working as the chief secretary of a chemical company?

“Sniff sniff. sniff sniff.”

Lethe's face contorted when Monoras sniffed the bell as if searching for something.

"What are you doing?"

“It is nothing. Hmm, ha. Hmm, ha.” I would hate to hear that blinding voice, but what annoyed me the most was the fact that he was the most shameless guy in hell.

“Monoras.”

“Yes, boss.”

Lethe snapped her fingers.

“Come over here for a minute.”

“I have to go to work now. I am busy.”

When her dull body did not budge, she quickly nodded as if she had expected it.

"okay. Okay, so come see me for a second.”

Monoras, who had been blinking his eyes, walked to the desk, giving out a hint of dislike.

"why? Even if you're going to eat... … Before she could finish her sentence, she jumped over her desk and slapped her fist on the chin of her monolas.

“This bastard is real!”

The pig's body flew through the wall of the president's office and landed bluntly on the wall in the hallway.

Lethe, who ran with all her might, kicked his stomach and began to step on it with small steps.

“Didn’t I tell you not to come in? You said it over 300 million times! Are you ignoring me now?”

Every time Lethe struck, it made the same sound as kneading meat.

“Kwuik! Kkuik!”

Lette followed with strides as Monoras rolled down the hallway making a pig-picking sound.

“How many more times do you want to come to your senses? I'm the boss! okay? Answer me! Who is the boss?”

“My, I am the boss!”

“Aagh! it's annoying!"

When Monoras' stomach was kicked, the giant's body hit the ceiling and fell vertically.

"ha! ha!"

Lethe caught her breath as she glared at the pig's weeping face as she clutched her stomach.

“I am the boss! I! So for you, not me, but you… … !”

"president."

A voice came from the end of the hallway.

A refreshing voice that does not match hell.

But this was their job.

informator.

A woman with goat-like horns on her head approached her like a cat, clutching a file folder to her chest.

"You're still good friends." Lethe, who was breathing heavily, looked at her monolas with her unfocused eyes and lifted her head.

"what's the matter?"

"Ah yes. Two live births came in. Baramaon District 7, in the Tomb of the Spine. It is a different type from Jin Seong-eum’s sacrifice.”

Lette sighed as she recalled how the purification system was messed up due to the sealing of the psychic realm.

“What type is it?”

“Taegeukyo.”

“What!”

Lethe's eyes widened.

“It’s a super-large emotional body! No no! Right now, purification facilities across the country are almost paralyzed. It cannot be purified.” The informator shrugged.

“Even if you say so… …

From the perspective of the Korea Fire & Marine Resources Management Corporation, it was a problem that had to be solved by putting all duties aside.

"damn! What a madman!”

Taegeuk refers to a phenomenon in which two concepts that refer to each other are merged into one.

Usually, it is only a temporary, one-off phenomenon, but once it came over to hell itself, it was a problem.

“I wouldn’t be able to cross the threshold of hell with some taboo. What the hell, how did you get here?"

“Well, the type of karma chain is the color realm. I reached First One with the amplification of good and evil.”

“Ugh.”

Lethe made a tired expression.

“It’s a complete mess, these things. Aside from what evil decrees, what does good accept?”

“I think it was a way to prevent evil.”

“Hmm.”

As Lethe rested her chin on her chin and thought, she heard strong snoring on the floor.

Monoras, who had fallen asleep before he knew it, was talking in his sleep.

“Hehehe, boss, it tickles me.”

The blood drained from Lethe's face, and a few strands of hair stood up like static electricity.

"cadet! really!"

As soon as he kicked it without stopping, Monoras' face crashed into the wall.

“Mmmm, mmmm.”

Lethe turned away with tears in her eyes.

"That's the chief secretary! I can't cut it, and I can't quit. Is there an alternative god?”

Just as Taeseong manages the resources of the real world, Lete manages the resources of the other side.

The difference was the extreme work stress from a company with no breaks or retirements.

District 7 of Baramaon.

The skeletons were piled up with their vertebrae pulled out, giving it the name 'grave of the backbone'.

There, all deformed children roamed the tombs and sucked out the marrow.

As a race called Limbo, their fighting power was weak, but their cruelty was unrivaled.

There was no life to be found in his bony legs bent and marrow-sucking eyes.

“Aaaaaaa!”

At the roar that exploded in the air, Limbo threw bones and quickly scattered in all directions.

The space shuddered, and a man and a woman hugging each other fell onto the tomb.

“Keugh!”

Chagall's expression crumpled as Etella groaned, stabbed by a sharp bone.

“Whoa. Whoa.”

When I came to my senses and looked around, I found that I had fallen into a place completely different from reality.

“Where are you?”

"maybe… … It must be hell.”

When I turned my head again, Etella, who was still lying down, spoke calmly.

“Because this is the only place you will go.”

“Kick!”

Chagall shook his shoulders and laughed.

“Hahaha! Was this after all? Did you forgive me or what to bring me to hell?”

“Are you disappointed?”

Laughter broke out and stopped.

"no."

Rapid-fire swords rained down like hailstones, and Chagall grabbed one of them.

“You must be disappointed. Falling into hell because of someone like me. But what should I do? From now on, what you will experience is me, not hell.”

Chagall's tongue licked the blade.

“Since you’re already dead, you can’t die again, can you? isn't it? Shall we try an experiment?”

A rapid-fire sword was embedded in Etella's shoulder.

“Huh!”

At the same time, Chagall, who felt the pain of a knife stabbed into his shoulder, instinctively backed away.

"damn! what!"

Ethella raised her upper body and examined her chest with a surprised expression.

"This??????

A chain that started from the side of the heart pierced through Chagall's clothes and was connected to the chest.

"damn! annoying.”

As Chagall pulled the chain, Ethella was overcome with a shock that drained her soul.

“Huh!”

Ethella crawled forward, and Chagall, shocked by the same shock, sat down.

Both of them thought the same thing.

"It is connected."

Chagall, who thought he needed more information, stabbed himself in the thigh with a rapid-fire sword.

“Kuh! What are you doing!”

Ethella grabbed her knees and lost her temper, but this made it clear.

“Hmm.”

You have to take the lead.

Chagall pulled the chain again, but this time Ethella responded in the same way.

Clap!

The moment the chains were pulled tight, both of them shivered as if they had been electrocuted.

“Big!”

While I crouched down and waited for the pain to subside, my thoughts were somewhat organized.

“I got dirty. Are these my sins?”

When she turned her head, Ethella was also looking at Chagall with a dejected expression.

'do! do!'

The scenery of reality disappeared, and Rian saw that everything in his field of vision was dyed red.

At that moment, the burning pain disappeared.

“Huh uh uh uh!”

I felt the extreme emotions quickly cool down, but nothing happened to return to reality.

In a sense... … It is dead.

“That is it.”

Lian checked the surroundings while holding the handle to see if <Idea> was well.

There were hungry ghosts all over the place, and they were eating stones like crazy as if they couldn't stand being hungry.

“Khehe! Khehe!”

The stone caught in his throat was coughing, but when he found Lian, he stopped breathing. Thousands of anglers who smelled the raw flesh were looking this way.

The sulfur smell was disgusting and the air was hot, but at least not as much as burning.

“Shall we loosen up a bit?”

Looking back at the ghosts who were already narrowing the distance, Lian pulled out a great sword.

“Keeeee! It's meat! meat!"

Spouting incomprehensible words, hungry ghosts gathered from all directions like water filling up.

The moment when Lian, who had stepped forward with confidence, was about to swing the big sword horizontally.

“Kuk!”

My heart felt like it was burning, and the power in my whole body started to drain rapidly.

' what?'

Lian, who rolled on the floor to avoid the attack, examined his chest with his great sword forward.

The frame was pierced through the body.

Small chains were endlessly wrapped around the floating red stone instead of a heart.

'Is it because of this?'

When I gave strength in that state, the speed of winding the chain became extremely fast and caught fire.

“Huh!”

Feeling the burning pain, Lian frowned, and the demons clapped.

“Gehenna! Gehenna!”

I didn't know what it meant, but I guessed it roughly.

'Right. The lights are not off. The fire of reality is applied differently here.'

That's probably Gehenna.

“It doesn’t matter.”

Lian raised an eyebrow and stood up.

“Come on.”

The demons gathered again, and regardless of the pain, Lian swung his sword freely.

The weak demons were not opponents, but the fire in their chest grew hotter as they moved their bodies.

Smoke rose from Ryan's mouth.

“Huh!”

The hungry ghosts realized that the opponent was strong, but did not give up and took their time.

A chain slipped from Lian's chest and at one point anchored him to the ground.

Rian, who rushed in without noticing, knelt down with his upper body bent by the force of the pull.

“Keugh!”

There was no power.

As if they had already expected it, the demons burst into screams and attacked Lian at the same time.

“It’s meat! I will eat!”

The moment the demons hammered their sharp teeth, Lian clenched his teeth and stood up.

“Something like fire… …

The chains nailed to the ground were pulled taut and red hot as if they had been heated.

“Gehenna! Gehen... …

The hungry ghosts, who had stopped their actions, looked around.

The earth turned into lava and swayed, and the bodies of the comrades were flowing like porridge.

“How can Gehenna… … !”

divine transcendence.

As Lian advanced, the heated chains broke free, scorching the atmosphere.

“Hee! Gee, hell fire!”

The ghosts started to develop, and demons in a pure state flowed into the heart along the chain.

“Huh!”

At the same time, thick smoke began to pour out of Lian's mouth as if his lungs were on fire.