[259] The Truth Revealed (4)

However, Sirone shook her head.

Less than a month left until the end of the semester.

The practical test passed, and all that remained was the theory test.

I had to assume that there would be no time to reinforce the basics if it wasn't for this period because I would enter the senior class from next semester.

Reasonable judgment was the same, but emotions did not move as expected.

Although Sirone is unmoved by anything, there was no way that books would catch her eye in the yard where her parents were hanging.

It was the same reason why I came into the study group as soon as class was over and was immersed in wandering thoughts.

Nade opened the door to the research meeting and came in.

"Hey Sirone, we're here."

Iruki put the bread bag on the table and sat across from Sirone's sofa.

“I bought you something to eat. You must be hungry, but if you think about it, eat it.”

“Yeah, thank you.”

“I met Dante at the canteen.”

"okay? How are you?”

“How? I was very eager. Guess I'll stay in school He said he would definitely beat you in the graduation exam and graduate with first place. I told you to tell me myself We will be declaring war sooner or later, so think of lines that will give you a shot in advance.”

Sirone burst into laughter even in the midst of his confusion.

Truly thorough and thorough. When Dante and his party became competitors, it seemed that they were already ready for battle.

“Okay, I’ll think about it. I laugh because of you.”

When I said that I was laughing because of you, Iruki smiled bitterly. As expected, even if he didn't show his expression, it was clear that he was in a bad mood.

Nade, who was wondering if there was a way to make Sirone's mind at least a little bit more comfortable, thought of a rumor and said.

“I heard this during the day, and Principal Olivia must have called the kill line. Perhaps you can come up with some kind of solution. Don't worry too much.”

"okay… … .”

Sirone also heard rumors that Olivia might be staying at the school.

However, it was unclear how much help they would be able to help in the yard that had already exploded.

The most frustrating thing was not being able to do anything.

Rumors are insubstantial, so they cannot be won in a fight or put in handcuffs and imprisoned.

All Sirone could do was hope that this wind would pass without incident.

@

Received a summons, Killline rode a wagon that night and arrived at Creas.

Olivia is also in charge of the auditor's position, the highest executive in the teachers' association, so if she responds clumsily, she will be in trouble.

Killin, who only took care of basic women's clothing, grabbed a random inn, slept, and headed to Alpheas Magic School in the morning.

The students who recognized her whispered.

It was clear that the article interviewing Sirone's parents caused a stir. Also, no matter what feelings they had for Sirone, no students were going to see him well.

Killline thought that today's schedule would not be easy.

'doesn't care. It's something I've been prepared for anyway.'

By revealing the origin of Sirone, Dante's star character is maintained.

Not only did he feed the other correspondents who were searching for a new star, but he was able to continue his life as it is.

Olivia would also want Dante to succeed.

I wouldn't stand by a stimulating article given my social status, but I had to give a few words of admonition and wrap it up.

Killine straightened her clothes and stood in front of the principal's office. He cleared his throat, scratched his throat, and reported in a polite cheery voice.

“It’s a kill line.”

"Come on in."

Olivia's voice was the part she, as a correspondent, envied the most.

If God permits, I would choose her voice over the position of second-class archmage.

But today, I was in a bad mood.

Her voice, an authority on linguistic magic, has a special power to pierce the human heart.

Listening to it, it was never a good feeling.

When I entered the principal's office, Olivia was sitting there with a cold expression on her face. Next to her was the unusually former headmaster Alfeas, and across from her was Sirone.

“Hello, Ms. Olivia, Ms. Alfeas. Oh, and how is Sirone?”

Killline made eye contact with all three and greeted them.

no one answered Olivia, in particular, didn't even tell her to sit down.

“This article… … Can you explain?”

Olivia threw the magazine at Killline's feet.

You can't feel good when a magazine containing your articles falls to the floor.

But Killline didn't show it. He was in a much worse mood than expected.

“Reporting the facts is a correspondent's job and calling. Any problem?”

Sirone's brow narrowed.

Correspondents have a duty to tell the truth, but they are not the only ones in this world who deserve to pursue precious values.

Even if a clear line cannot be drawn, if there is a duty to fulfill one's calling, there is also a law to be followed.

As if there was nothing to hold back, Killline held her head upright and overcame the gaze of the three.

Have you experienced this type of coercion once or twice while covering an aspiring wizard?

High-ranking aristocrats lobbied to write good articles, and sometimes unknown gangs attacked and made a mess inside the house.

He overcame all the adversity and rose to this position.

Also, Olivia knew that situation better than anyone else.

As much as she overcame the threats of numerous competitors to make Dante a star, she would not be able to do anything about herself.

“Of course, I expected that Sirone's interview would create a social impact. But Olivia, it can't be helped. I just transcribed the contents of the interview. I'm saying that it's not my fault that Sirone's origin is different from others.”

Olivia smiled wide.

Is this over? Killline sincerely thought so.

But her smile faded in an instant.

“You’ve grown a lot, Killline.”

Killine's face hardened.

“A kid who couldn’t even talk to me when he first joined the teachers’ association. Now, beyond being equal, they even try to play with words... … .”

Killline felt that the situation was going strangely, but he himself was in a position to fight on the line.

I'd rather die here than have my 10-year career go to waste.

“Huh, did you? It was so long ago that I can't remember. Come to think of it, Olivia is that much older. I had never thought of such an uneducated tone before. It looks like Cepa is scary.”

Olivia and Killline's gaze collided head-on.

Alpheas couldn't see it and opened his mouth.

“Mr. Killine, no matter how important the article is, there is no responsibility in documenting a person's life... … .”

“You are still.”

Olivia cut off.

It's like a stuffy inspiration tank. Killline is such a venomous child that he is trying to convince him with the theory of personality?

The use of short language in official settings was also directed to pressure the kill line.

Alpheas was embarrassed and kept his mouth shut, but the effect was great.

Killline was still smiling, but her face was as pale as white paper.

“Are you crazy, kill line?”

Killline couldn't breathe. On the contrary, his heart was frantically pumping oxygen throughout his body.

Even a child knows that if Olivia really tries to step on her, she won't be an opponent.

I didn't know why she was so scornful of herself.

It was also for Dante's sake, and it was true that she had been silently sympathizing with this situation up until now.

“I'm sorry if I've been rude. But Olivia, this is unavoidable. No matter how much she is in charge of the teachers' council, she can't put outside pressure on the article. If this fact is revealed, I will not be the one to be in trouble.”

Killline's words had some truth to them.

No one in the teachers' association had the right to correct what the correspondent of the editorial department actually wrote.

Exceptions were cases where martial law was imposed by the royal family or illegal corruption was revealed in the process of writing articles.

“No, the kill line. You're the one who ends the correspondent's life. The interview with Sirone's parents, how did you get it? If you listen to what Sirone says, your parents are never the kind of people who would say things like that carelessly.”

The kill line recoiled slightly.

To be honest, I didn't know that Olivia would pursue him so persistently, so I was somewhat relaxed about him.

Of course, I didn't threaten or create a coercive atmosphere. It was just a little bit of a parent's heart to worry about their child.

“Just what… … I kept asking and he told me. You must have been nervous because it was an interview. There are many people like that.”

Olivia smiled an absurd smile.

“Killin, do I not know you?”

Killline pursed her lips and glared sadly at Olivia.

Olivia knows her method of reporting to the bone. Because she joined her and she made Dante her star for 10 years.

That's why it was even more unfortunate. I felt like I wanted to cry even if I gave him an achievement award, but he called me and put pressure on me.

“As a commoner blinded by the magic society, it would have been over if I emphasized one thing. teacher society. Did Sirone use her status as a student to sell the teachers' council's authority? Of course, the parents had no choice but to agree. You will think that students who are stamped out by the teachers’ association are doomed.”

Sirone's eyes tightened.

If you really pressured your parents like that, it's absolutely unforgivable.

Killline felt like a rat in a dead-end alley. It was clear to Olivia that she was determined to catch herself today.

But there was still one more weapon left.

It's self-destruction.

Taking off the mask of pretense, she had tears in her eyes with a sorrowful expression on her face.

“Yes, I did. But why? Olivia knows that too. that's what everyone does If you can’t even do that, you won’t be able to write an article.”

There was an unspoken threat in Killline's words. Didn't Dante do the same?

But Olivia did not raise an eyebrow.

Of course, if you dig deeper, Olivia must have some faults.

However, it was a mistake to think that the teacher council's appreciation and the second-class archmage of the red line were in the same position as the kill line.

“Killin, I don’t blame you as a correspondent. It is to punish you for betraying me, whom I have believed in for so long.”

The kill line felt like it was going to collapse.

It was about doing it. It was a threat to see who would survive when they bit each other.

Rather, if he was of the same type as Alpheas, he would have nothing to fear.

However, Olivia is streetwise and has a somewhat snobbish temperament.

If such a person was born with a genius mind, there was no corner for the kill line to rub from the beginning.

“What have I betrayed? I'll be honest. I knew Olivia would like it. Dante lost. I just wanted Olivia’s pupil to succeed.”

Olivia finally relaxed her expression.

Since the pretense of the kill line had been stripped away, it could be said that it was a real conversation from now on.

“Thank you for thinking about it, but it is presumptuous. And it wasn't for me, it was for you. Without Dante, your position in the teacher society will be shaken. But not me. Dante lost, but Sirone won. Sirone is also my disciple, so there is nothing to lose.”

"yes? I beg your pardon?"

Killline made an absurd expression.

Why is it that Sirone is her disciple?

I looked back at Alpheas, but he had a blank expression as if he didn't know.

“Sirone is your disciple? Olivia is a temporary worker. I understand that she will quit her job as principal sooner or later.”

“I was going to, but I changed my mind. I stay at Alpheas Magic School. From next semester, I will be inaugurated as vice principal. So you become a traitor determined to ruin the future of my student.”

Killline still didn't understand her and rolled her eyes in confusion.

---------------------------------------