[134] What takes precedence (5)

In a word, it was not the intensity of emotions that could exist in reality. It was a situation where the heart could stop due to nervous system shock even if the Diamond Buddha was shaken by 1 percent.

But Amy wasn't worried. Because even that 1 percent doesn't shake, it can be called a diamond.

Sirone finally pushed his men to the table. Falcoa, who watched the mess, contorted his face in anger.

“What are you doing! Cut your throat right now!”

The subordinates charged at the same time pulling out the longswords worn on their waists.

"shit! It's embarrassing to use a knife on a kid!”

At that moment, light flashed from Sirone's body. A flash of light in the confined space blinded his men.

“Keugh! what!"

As befits those who have mastered the art of the eye, dark adaptation was fast enough to escape human limitations. But they didn't move. The subordinates and Falcoa were just staring blankly at Sirone.

"what? What are you going to do with the light?"

Sirone flipped her palm and launched an orb of light. The golden photons were compressed to a pale color as they were compressed at great speed.

“Sirone, can you?”

Amy finally realized in front of the power of the photon, which shook so much that the frequency could not be measured.

A magic that generates a shock wave by accelerating mass to a speed comparable to that of light. It was the Photon Cannon.

“Sirone! you that... … !”

It is not easy to avoid the photon cannon in an enclosed space. In the end, someone will be beaten, and if that happens, there will be no choice but to die. 

Before Amy could finish her words, Sirone raised the white sphere. And with all his might, he pinned him to the ground.

The moment the flash struck, a tremendous roar spread out as if thunder struck in front of my eyes, shaking the room.

“Keugh! What, what, this!”

People in the room covered their ears. As the shockwave spread across the ground, underground structures shuddered. Piles of dust poured from the ceiling.

The subordinates were as relaxed as if they had survived a natural disaster. The echo of the roar that had not left the basement still lingered in my ears.

After a while, the gang members looked back at the place where Sirone's magic had been applied. Surprisingly, the bottom was not dug deep. However, the flat pressed range exceeded 4 meters in diameter.

“What, here… … Isn't it underground?"

The subordinates couldn't believe it even after seeing it with their own eyes.

It was a temple that could be said to be the strongest structure in Galliant. In order to create a space underground, a design method focused on durability is essential. In fact, the floor of the temple was covered with thick steel plates.

It was understandable that the entire basement was shaken if the steel plate was carelessly pressed against it. In short, it was not a force that humans could withstand.

Like veterans, his subordinates did not show a crying expression. However, I kept as much distance as possible and was wary of Sirone.

Falcoa's impression crumpled again at that appearance.

It was the fact that he overcame 10 pressings, but the magic he had now was the kind he had never seen before even he had been through numerous battlefields.

"you… … Who the hell are you? Where is the line?”

A huge network of wizards connecting continents is called a line. However, Sirone did not know the words commonly used in the wizarding society. He just proudly revealed his origins.

“I am Sirone who attends Alpheas Magic School.”

Jess looked back at Sirone in amazement. For aristocrats, origin is a golden line, but in some situations it becomes a fetter. 

Since she was treated so badly at the port, there was no way that Sirone didn't know about it. But why did he reveal his origin?

"student? No wonder. Are you saying that I was just distracted by the student subject? Hey, isn't it? If I accuse the school, you will be finished that day. You will probably be kicked out.”

“If you want to file a complaint, do so.”

Falcoa's eyebrows twitched at the unexpected reaction.

“It doesn’t matter whether it’s discipline or expulsion. Because that won't dictate my life. Of course school is an important place for me. But there are plenty of things more important than that. And Amy... … .”

Sirone glared at Falcoa and continued.

“It takes precedence over all priorities set by me.”

Amy blinked. The quickening speed of her eyelids seemed to indicate her heart rate.

“It’s okay to receive any kind of punishment. If you want to sue, do it. But Amy won't stay here even for a second. If you bring my friend to such a filthy place one more time, then I will really smash it.”

With a squeak, Lian's straight sword came out with the sound of water. The fact that a sword the height of an average person extended forward was overwhelming.

“As expected, sirone. Because my eyes are not wrong.”

Rian realized why the sword had not been drawn willingly until now. Just as a small crack breaks an iceberg, the minor stumbling block of discipline seems to have disturbed his convictions.

“You are right, Sirone. Putting your friends in danger because you're afraid of discipline? You must be kidding. Ogent Lian has never lived like that for a moment.”

After Lian, Tess's three swords were pulled out.

“Ho-ho-ho! The same goes for Elzaine Tess! We can't leave the Shirone faction's mascot, Amy, in a den of raw thugs like this!"

Lian looked back at Tess as if she was dumbfounded.

“Since when is sirone green onion?”

“Ahh, at times like this, let’s just move on. Anyway, I don't notice."

Tess, who fired at Lian, turned to Amy. She's still lost in her thoughts, but her cheeks are more flushed than before.

A friendly smile crept across Tess' lips.

'That would be nice. Amy.'

Tess was also a woman, so I could guess her feelings.

To Sirone, Amy was not just a point looking down from an omniscient point of view. She is an irreplaceable friend. No, maybe she was something more than that.

Shirone, who pushed the men's approach with force, walked towards Amy. Then he held out his hand and repeated his first words.

“Let’s go, Amy.”

Finishing her thoughts, Amy lifted her head and said.

“… … huh."

When Amy stood up, Falcoa's face flushed red. Clumps of gore came rushing in, making a commotion, and now they were going out on their own.

'Has the world's Falcoa fallen this far?'

It's been five years since all the members of the organization hid on the island to avoid the continent's pursuers. There was a lot of work, but everything was boring to him.

Thanks to that, my brain was soaked in drugs and my mind, which only knew blood, was oiled. But just five years ago, it was Falcoa who cut down countless people while crossing the continent.

At that time, he was a creature that exists to cut someone. Even if he was the captain, he couldn't ignore Falcoa's skills, and that's why he was not banished until now.

"Hey, don't you think you'll be able to get out safely?"

Amy stopped and looked back at Falcoa.

“If you make a fuss here, you will be in trouble too. Underground guests are drug addicts and will be your biggest bankroll. If you want to sue, do so. But neither of us will stand still. Maybe this store will close.”

“Did you just believe in that and be fooled? I'm sorry, but no one on this island can touch me.”

“But inland, the story is different.”

Falcoa frowned and looked at Amy. Both of her eyes were burning red.

'Hongan. It must have been Karmis.'

Falcoa knew the famous Karmis family on the continent. The ability to save a state at a specific point in time and restore it at any time. 

No drug can make you addicted to it, and no drug can penetrate it. The Karmis family was not called invincible in the spirit world for nothing.

'Did it mean that it was a fish that could not be caught from the beginning? That girl knows everything and followed it.'

Falcoa gnashed his teeth with an expressionless face.

If it was the Karmis family, it was the first rank in the aristocratic hierarchy, so if she put her hand to it, it would not be impossible for the fortress to collapse after five years of hard work.

The amount of money earned by distributing loops is enormous. Even the most distraught Falcoa was sensitive to money. Because you can't buy loops without money.

"haha! Cheeky bitch. I will definitely repay you for this humiliation!”

“Do it if you can. But you'd better be careful the next time we meet. Now that this has happened, I’m thinking of not caring about school and having fun.”

Amy, who had clearly fired at Falcoa, returned to the arms of Sirone and the others.

“Sorry for worrying you. Let's go now.”

Not wanting to stay here any longer, they quickly stepped up to the ground. Employees were watching at every corner, but no one stopped them.

As soon as I left the bar, I could feel the air change. Tess spread her arms and inhaled the night air.

“Whoa, it feels good. Thanks to Amy, we got the tour right. You went around the most famous royal palace on Galliante Island from the basement to the top.”

"ha ha ha! You're right when you hear that. Besides, I went to the sandy beach, stopped by the port, and toured the commercial district, so I guess I’ve been to all but the historical sites?”

Amy was taken aback by Lian's words.

"what? Have you been to your port?”

"huh. Because Sirone said it was quick to grab and ask the gang members. she ran like crazy If it wasn’t for the enthusiastic coachman, I would have missed it on time.”

Amy looked at Sirone. Then, when her eyes met, he slightly averted her gaze. I haven't had the courage to look at his face properly yet.

I remembered Sirone's words I heard in the basement. He must have said the importance of friends without needing to misunderstand, but that was enough.

Why didn't I know? When she fell off the cliff, she was the only person who called her name and held her hand.

Amy could be satisfied with realizing its meaning.

“Amy, I’m sorry I’m late. I'll go back and talk to you. There was something special on the way.”

“Heh, I’m not even curious! Why should I listen to that?”

“Are you still not angry?”

The anger has already been resolved. But Amy, she thought, she'd rather be angry with her than she was.

“Let’s get this straight. Surely you're not imagining anything strange about today's work, are you? A prince on a white horse who saved the princess, something like that.”

"huh? It's not?"

“Thank you for coming to help, but I was not caught, but followed for personal reasons. Even if you don't help, those guys are no match for me.”

"haha! know. I’m class po and you’re a senior so who cares about whom?”

When Sirone readily agreed, Amy felt rather weak.

“Huh, what… … I just need to know It's just like that.”

Tess grabbed her stomach and laughed. It felt like Amy had finally returned to her original Amy.

Lian shouted as she turned to the business district.

"hungry! Shall we buy a late-night snack on the way back?”

"Midnight Snack? good! i love it! Hurray!"

* * *

Jis was able to return home after midnight as he was cleaning the bar.

After being beaten, nervous, and even working, my body felt heavy, as if I had doubled my weight.

Even so, I was able to endure it thanks to the relief that the things I feared did not happen.

Amy escaped safely from Falcoa's clutches. She, as well as herself, was not harmed in any way.

Since he did what he was told to do, there wouldn't be any reason to beat even Falcoa.

'If it wasn't for him, I might have died.'

Amy's face came to mind as clearly as the real thing.

Of all the women Gees had ever met, there was no woman as strong and beautiful as her. Why would such a great man try to help himself?

'Sirone? He said he was also a commoner.'

Jis remembered everything Sirone said at the bar.

---------------------------------------