[146] The name parrot (4)

Tess was rather uneasy about Sirone's rapid change of position. It was enough to know how rationally he looked at the world just from what he had experienced.

Sirone was not a person who adjusted the situation according to his mood. But even so, it was not cold-blooded. 

He only knew how to control his emotions, but there must have been numerous conflicts in his mind.

Tess saw that Sirone's current condition could adversely affect the battle.

“Sirone, you don’t have to worry. We're not going to fight, we're going to rescue Jis' sister. If you check what kind of person Marsha is, she is enough.”

Sirone smiled. I knew what Tess was worried about, but that made me more determined.

If the girl he had seen with his own eyes was truly evil, he would forget his feelings and defeat him with all his might.

"don't worry. I don't make mistakes.”

Sirone kicked the horse's flanks and quickly cut through the night air.

Force Breakthrough (1)

There is no road from the west to the northern hideout. This is because there is an indigenous autonomous zone in the center. 

Those who kidnapped Yuna took a long detour around Mt. Toa and headed for their hideout. When we arrived at our destination, it was already dawn.

In a shabby building like a warehouse, Falcoa was sitting on a chair. The shells of chewed loops were strewn beneath his feet as he sat there blankly with half-closed pupils.

The men who opened the warehouse door bowed to Falcoa and threw the bag containing Yuna to the floor.

There was a clicking sound, but no screams came out. However, a severe tremor could be felt inside the turret.

Just the width of the seizure-like vibrations showed how terrified she was.

As Falcoa chinned, his subordinate drew a knife and tore through the sack. As if opening a cocoon, Yuna appeared, soaked in tears and sweat.

Yuna, who looked around in fear, saw despair in her eyes. I don't know where she is, but time is telling that she's been running all night.

In front of my eyes, a man who seemed to be abnormal was looking down at me with closed pupils, and at the entrance, scary-looking men blocked the escape.

“Sah, save me.”

“You guys go out.”

The subordinates, who knew from experience what would happen if they disobeyed the captain, opened the door and disappeared as soon as Falcoa gave instructions.

Left alone with Yuna, Falcoa came closer, wriggling around the loop.

“It's much better than I expected. Do you know why you came here?”

“Mo, I don’t know. Please send me home.”

“Sorry, but no. I intend to make you the most miserable human being in the world. Because your brother sold you.”

Yuna froze as if in shock. But in her heart she still believed in Jess. What brother in the world would have sold her little sister to someone like this?

“It can't be! Oppa is the person I care about the most!”

“Is that so? But why are you here now? I gave Jis something amazing and received you.”

Falcoa didn't think his words were false. Anyway, since you saved my life, wouldn't it be like giving you billions of dollars? 

In addition, it was no exaggeration to say that he was Jess's benefactor, as he guaranteed time to miss Amy as a bonus.

“It can't be! There is no way my brother would have sold me!”

Yuna shouted as she grabbed her chest to overcome her fear. It was a bigger shock that her brother had sold him than the fact that she had been dragged somewhere.

“Send it to my brother! I will meet you and ask you in person!”

“Hey, little girl. I can't seem to understand the situation now. you can't go home can't go back forever There are two options. Either die to me or kill yourself.”

"no! It can't be! Kyaaak!”

Falcoa came by surprise and grabbed Yuna's wrist. Pulled by her irresistible strength, Yuna was forced to her feet and was thrown into the arms of her falcoa.

“Go away, you bastard!”

For a moment, Falcoa, who savored the delicate girl's resistance, bent Yuna's arm and turned her back. Then she threatened, clutching both of her cheeks in her hands.

“Don’t strain yourself too much in the beginning. There will be more and more things to scream about in the future.”

At that moment, the door to the warehouse opened and someone came in. A cold voice echoed in the warehouse.

“Falcoa. Human trafficking is against the rules.”

“Freeman.”

Falcoa frowned in displeasure. Agado Freeman, the only man in the Parrot Mercenary Corps with a higher rank than himself, was watching the situation in the warehouse with sunken eyes.

Standing over 190 cm tall and wearing a long white coat, his impression was pallor itself. His eyebrows had been shaved off, and none remained, and his lips were pale like those of a sick man.

As the deputy leader of the Parrot Thieves, the predecessor of the Freeman organization, he is a schema master and uses magic bullets. However, it was the orthodoxy within the organization that his simple physical ability alone overpowered Lucas.

“What happened all of a sudden? So far, I haven't seen any nosebleeds. Did you run out of money?”

said Falcoa in displeasure. From the days of the Parrot Mercenary Corps, Freeman was the undisputed second-in-command, but Falcoa was the only one who was given a free role within the organization.

The conflict between the vice-captain and the action leader intensified after entering the island. It was because of Freeman's greed to keep the rules of the old mercenaries even though he fell into a band of bandits.

A huge amount of money is needed to feed dozens of his men accused of being traitors. But Freeman couldn't come up with a solution for that.

The person who led such an organization for five years was Falcoa. He drove out the island's chieftains by force and maintained the organization with the funds he left behind by distributing loops.

It was for this reason that Freeman let Falcoa know about his misdeeds.

But this time it was severe. If you're wearing a parrot's name, there's a line you shouldn't cross.

Although Freeman was only a pants captain, he adhered to the policy of strictly punishing human trafficking and looting through violence.

“You must know the rules of the organization? Human trafficking is an action that lowers the status of the mercenary parrots.”

“The parrot mercenary? Since when did we live only looking at the glories of the past? look at this now Do you think the organization would have survived if it wasn’t for the money I was making?”

"You're crazy, Falcoa. I will praise you for your hard work for the organization, regardless of the method. But make sure you know I am the one who leads the organization.”

“It doesn't matter. i don't approve of you Wasn't that what you meant to be from the beginning? If you come here and try to act like a boss, you can't do it.”

A chilly feeling of death rose from Freeman, who watched Falcoa's confident behavior. If it was a weak creature, it was such an intense energy that it would kill just being exposed.

However, Falcoa absorbed the turbid energy as if stabbing a knife into his body. It was painful, but he accepted it without a change in his expression.

“Cheuk, oh, it’s scary.”

Freeman was embarrassed. To such a warlike man, pain and anger were merely accelerators that aggravated the situation.

'Has it become a wild dog to this extent?'

Even if it wasn't for Loop, Falcoa was a character driven only by desire from the beginning. However, because his desire was focused on combat and murder, he was compatible with the mercenaries.

However, now that he was working as a bar owner on the island, he was in a state of frustration. Even chewing loops and getting drunk with alcohol and women was too much to soothe the instinct of madness.

“Sah, save me, please.”

As Yuna trembled and ejaculated, Freeman, who had been looking at her, turned his gaze back to Falcoa and said,

“Do I really have to go this far? Have you abandoned your parrot's pride?”

"Pride? Hey, can I tell you one? The parrot mercenary is over. The leader has left and his subordinates are also at their limit. You too should give up and come over here.”

Falcoa buried her face in the nape of Yuna's neck as if showing off. Still, Freeman did not move. It was because now Falcoa was showing signs of dying.

The moment you move, the battle will begin. When that happens, one of the two pillars that have been supporting the parrot will collapse in one way or another.

If it sticks properly, it is difficult for anyone to guess the outcome. But Falcoa was confident because he knew that Freeman was beyond his control.

“Why don’t you stop and watch? I'll tell my subordinate, get some money. You’d better stop admitting it and learn to enjoy it.”

“Oi, you’re very fat, you’re fat.”

As the door opened, a woman's voice was heard. Falcoa hurriedly turned her head at the voice that pierced her mind. But before she could catch anything of her in his gaze, she was punched in the jaw and turned her face.

“Keugh!”

Then, a powerful kick hit Falcoa's abdomen. As Falcoa stamped her ass on the floor, Yuna collapsed as well, her legs giving out.

"shit. There is no such thing as bad luck.”

Falcoa spat and stood up slowly. The reason he couldn't dodge the two attacks with his animalistic reflexes was because he subconsciously suppressed the counterattack.

Clay Marsha. Standing there was the leader of the Parrot Mercenary Corps, which once reigned over hundreds of mercenaries.

“Are you the real leader?”

“Then is there a fake leader? The mutt bastard let go for a few years, and the taste has gone.”

Falcoa wasn't angry. No, he wasn't angry, he wasn't even hostile.

To a member of the mercenary corps, Marsha was such an existence.

As the first leader of the parrot mercenary, it took more than force to raise the mercenary to class A within a few years.

And Marsha did it with great skill. In addition, she was the only person in the organization who was listed as a class A criminal, and her skills were also formidable.

However, Falcoa did not follow Marsha for such trivial reasons.

He was defining a woman named Marsha in this way.

fallen mother.

Marsha is kind and affectionate, but it is no exaggeration to say that there are very few normal people among the people she embraces.

Those who have been abandoned by their families, those who were born with no choice but to lust for blood, and those who are left out of society who have no way to reveal their existence except on the battlefield.

Falcoa was one of them.

When no one cured his mental illness and tried to push him out of society, Marsha was the only one who hugged him.

In the parrot thieves, Marsha was the older sister and mother, and the best leader they could trust and rely on in any situation.

However, it was true that even such a leader would have an outburst of anger. I haven't been in touch for several years, and now I'm here and what kind of behavior is this?

“Damn it. Where did you come from being stuck? you're not even the leader Meanwhile we... … .”

“You said you became a drug addict?”

Falcoa's face hardened. Even the pupils that had been widened became clearer at least for this moment.

I must have heard it countless times in the past five years, but somehow it felt like I was hearing it for the first time.

drug addict. Is it really like that? Has he, who used to be called a demon on the battlefield, now become a drug addict?

Freeman came over and bowed to Marsha.

“It's been a while, Captain. When did you come back?”

“When I heard the news that Lucas had been killed, I left right away. He'll blow up the hideout anyway. I think I'll have to clean this place up sooner or later.”

After explaining this to Freeman, Marcia approached Falcoa. As she approached, her pricked Falcoa averted her slinky gaze.

“Falcoa, you should have said that. No human trafficking.”

Falcoa's brow wrinkled. Come to think of it, there was nothing to be ashamed of. All the fault lies with Marsha, who abandoned the organization and left.

---------------------------------------