[209] 4. Heaven's Truth (3)

“Looks like no one is there.”

“It’s better. Whether it's mara or an angel, honestly, I don't have the confidence to fight them.”

Canis tilted her head. It was because I didn't know that Harvest, who had inherited Arcane's memories, would make a weak sound.

“You are different from Master.”

“Memory alone does not determine personality. 'Cause I'm designed to protect you To put it bluntly, I wouldn't be able to complete the mission without Ikael's help.”

That's what it is. The key to returning to the original world was held by Sirone.

Kanis was hurt by his pride at not being able to be the main character, but he wasn't stupid enough to hurt teamwork.

“Still, if the mecha system is not released, there is no chance or anything. Shall we take a look?”

Canis looked around and moved on. Then he suddenly felt strange and approached the wall.

The panels attached at regular intervals were similar to books placed in a library.

I felt a slight tremor as I groped the panel with my hand.

The moment I pressed it, there was a clicking sound.

It would have been a waste if the alarm went off, so I hurriedly retreated. There was a hum and the panel popped out.

Canis grabbed the panel and pulled it completely out. A rectangular electronic board, transparent like glass, was connected to the panel.

I tried standing it vertically and laying it horizontally. 

The moment I touched the panel side with my thumb, letters made of light were engraved on the glass plate.

'Right. It's an angel's library.'

Kanis realized as she recalled the enormous amount of panels embedded in Ingris.

Ingris was a space filled with knowledge.

Touching the flashing arrow on the panel turned the page. As she turned the page in admiration, the text continued endlessly.

It was a high-density information system that could not be compared to a book.

Since I couldn't read the text, my eyes naturally went to the numbers written under the glass.

The first thing that came to my mind was a note left by Master.

Ingris

113-325-4739-49359-234

This was all the records Arcane left behind. Perhaps it is a serial number that identifies the location of the panel.

Kanis was sure that Master had been to Ingris. And here he must have realized something, he must have discovered a way to enhance the dark magic.

Canis examined the text on the glass plate. He couldn't even figure out how to pronounce it.

“Harvest, do you know what these letters are?”

"no. It's the first language I've ever seen. Do you think you need Arin?”

At that moment, the letters began to collapse, and the language they were using was engraved on the glass.

“Automatic language conversion? Nonsense."

Ingris is not a space made for Kanis. 

Therefore, it can be assumed that all kinds of languages ​​that exist in the world are recorded on the panel.

It was a frightening information accumulation rate.

Kanis looked at the letters engraved on the glass plate again. Written on the page was information about the dream. He glanced over and began to read aloud.

“… … Dreamo is a world you can enter through dreams. The method is to find Louver, a dreamer in a dream, but concentration is required to find him because he is in a place where he is out of touch with the incident. I usually cook at home or take care of my children. It is not too difficult to tell them apart because only the louver is colored.”

went to the next page

“When you see him, hand him the money and tell him you are looking for work. Then, he will arrange for you a few jobs that you can do in your dreams, but if you refuse three times, you will be sent to Dremo. If you find a job you like, you can enjoy your dream until you want it, but when you wake up, you won't remember it.”

Canis pursed her lips and turned to Harvest.

Harvest shrugged and turned his head back to the panel to read the contents.

“Since time does not exist in the world of Dremo, there are many objects that defy the laws of cause and effect. To bring an object into reality, five conditions must be met. First, you help the owner of the object and receive the object in return. Second, go to the government office and report the theft... … .”

"then no. It is forbidden by law.”

Kanis's voice suddenly cut off.

Slowly turning her head, there was a dainty-looking woman standing in the first corner of Ingris.

The skin was mauve, and the eyes were sharply slit. Light green curly hair was plentiful, and a red triangle floated above her head.

It was a piece of mara.

Canis and Harvest, whose liver sensations soared, glared at her without even moving.

“Please, could you slowly put it back in place? Even an archangel is forbidden to read Ingris without the manager's permission.”

Canis didn't take her eyes off her and put the panel back in place.

As the panel was pulled in, it became indistinguishable from the other panels.

“I’m sorry. It's my first time here.”

Deciding to give her time to think, Kanis apologized first.

“It seemed so. Because if you're a subject, you can't break the law. Anyway, it's been a while since heresy came in.”

Kanis realized that the shape of her mouth matched her pronunciation.

I wasn't talking through telepathy.

“How do you know our language?”

“Whoops, I’m a language collector. Besides, his name is Ingris's caretaker, so why not talk to him? In fact, if you count the number of times, it's quite good. People who speak the same language as you.”

The person who immediately came to mind was Arcane. Then, he remembered the Unlocker party that Chief Kergo had sent.

“Do you know someone named Kadum?”

The janitor shouted, showing his anger.

"aha! were you that? Of course you know. Heretics came 200 years ago in your time. I asked for the lifespan of a person named Kadum to be extended by 300 years.”

Kanis was convinced after hearing her words.

It was clear that Ingris had a place that controlled human lifespan.

But how?

It was a phenomenon that could not be explained simply by the fact that the degree of information integration was beyond imagination.

“Is that possible? How do you change a person's lifespan?"

“Ha, this question gets asked a lot. I don’t know, but I don’t know how to get here.”

The janitor walked around with his hands behind his back like a teacher. There was a lot of affection in her eyes as she looked at her panel.

“How can you change your lifespan, because this place is connected to the Akashic Records.”

The Akashic Records were also known by Canis. It was a word that I often came across while studying mythology. 

A collection of supernatural information that contains all the records of the universe.

The fact that the same word was used in heaven also meant that the contents of the myth were true.

But it was an unconvincing theory.

“Impossible. You are lying.”

“Hoo? why?"

“Because a record that contains everything in the world cannot exist in the first place. How do I verify that that's all there is to it? In the end, it was an exaggeration to some extent.”

“Hmm, sure, humans are humans. Well, with your level of thinking, that's right.”

Canis was a little choked up.

“So you mean no?”

“The Akashic Records are not that grandiose and grand. This world is just the Akashic Records.”

“Tell me so I can understand.”

The caretaker's eyes lit up as if he had a good idea.

“Since you are human too, I will borrow the explanation from Mecca. Multiply 2 by 3, then add 1 to what is it?”

“Seven, of course.”

"okay. That's the way humans think. Humans can find the answer by finding the problem. It is said that you can get an answer only if you know the formula.”

“What is that about? So are you different?”

“Not different. Then I'll present the problem in the way of heaven. I just got the answer 7. Guess what formula I went through to get to 7.”

Canis kept her mouth shut. I don't know. Because there are infinitely many ways to get to 7.

“You understand now? The Akashic Records are just the answer. Shall we borrow a Norse horse this time? Can you use any expression to fully describe Ingris?”

Language cannot fully convey the original meaning. But now Canis realized what the Akashic Records were.

“Ingris.”

The caretaker nodded in satisfaction.

"That's right. Ingris is Ingris. Ingris existed even before you came. But to you, this place must have been a non-existent existence. Why?”

"name… … Because I didn't know."

This was a serious situation. Kanis realized why Ra needed a name to control lifespan.

name. That's all.

“Now you can talk. To stone or wind, the world does not exist. A complete nothing. Even though it actually exists like this. It's because you don't have the ability to give meaning. When we give the name of the universe to the universe, the universe comes into being.”

Heaven does not try to find the correct answer. 

Because there is no right answer or all. Rather, they were distorting the truth by changing the formula to reach the correct answer.

It doesn't matter whether the correct answer 7 changes to 8 or 9.

No matter what answer comes out, it will be everything in the world, and that's why it will be perfect.

“Man always searches for the only truth, like an idiot. where is the only truth No matter how the world changes, that is all.”

The janitor pointed to the panels.

“Ingris has access to the Akashic Records using the Mecha System. Twist the formula and change the truth. This is called hacking, and a human lifespan can be fixed in no time.”

Canis felt a sense of crisis. The technology to destroy the truth with Mecca's ability was a level that could never be reached unless the paradigm of mankind changed in an innovative way.

The caretaker clicked his fingers to get his attention.

“Stop the explanation and if you’re here to make a deal, let’s go over there. Because you can change your lifespan from the central control unit.”

The janitor sent a furtive glance and pointed to a mechanism standing in the center of the intersection.

Kanis recalled the image of the black dealer he had seen in Radum in the past. Then, all of a sudden, the situation felt unreal.

Mara belongs to Heaven, and she is a heretic. Why doesn't she harm herself?

“You want to make a deal? You should know what the situation is like outside right now.”

"huh? ejaculation outside? What's going on in heaven?"

“You don’t know?”

“Of course I don’t know. I am Ingris' caretaker. Just processing the information here is daunting. I haven't been outside in tens of thousands of years.”

Kanis had a hunch that what she said was true. Except for the part where she talked like she was busy and didn't care.

She is quarantined here.

Even he thought it had to be. 

When a custodian with the authority to amend the Akashic Records comes into contact with the world's information, something terrible may happen.

'Somehow, I thought it was strange that only one Mara was managing it. Well, is it better for me?'

In any case, a conflict with the janitor is unavoidable. Because if she only makes a deal and goes back, she won't be able to watch Jebul's security device be unlocked without her noticing.

"If it's a deal, what kind of deal are you talking about?"

“Oh, yes. Why are you doing this when you know everything? I mean life, life. Anyone can extend your lifespan.”

“What price do I have to pay?”

The caretaker winked, slightly lifting his thumb and forefinger.

“Very cheap. All it takes is one word.”

"word? To pay for a word?”

“As I said before, I am not a collector of languages. smart thanks That's why Ingris manages it too. Any word doesn't matter. All you have to do is sell me one word you know.”

“If I sell a word, I won’t know the word, right?”

"yes. I'll never know the word for the rest of my life. It will be erased from the Akashic Records. but doesn't it matter? It doesn’t matter if there is not a single word.”

As the manager said, there are many words in the world that you know but do not use.

If it's something like double swearing, what difference does it make if you don't use at least one?

However, I was rather anxious because I thought the price was too cheap.

---------------------------------------