[399] The rapidly changing situation (3)

bang!

Sirone slammed the door open, slammed it shut with the same force, and jumped into the desk.

The neatly placed notes were scattered again.

After opening one of them, Sirone flipped through the notes quickly until a blank page appeared before she took up her pen and sat down.

'main point. You have to write it down from the core. So, what does core mean? Ah, right, from the core… … .'

My brain was so fully awake that I couldn't process too many thoughts at once.

The hand holding the pen trembled. It felt like someone was trying to get into my head and steal my thoughts.

First of all, a large-scale guideline was drawn up. I felt relieved to think that the danger of oblivion was over.

However, my hands were still busy, and I opened the notes I had recorded so far and started grafting numerous ideas into the core.

The nib moved as if cutting paper.

As much as the speed of thought, the handwriting developed, and the eye was tracking the journey of writing without blinking.

After the theory, all that was left was calculations. Sirone verified the reality through a simple physical system theory.

Accurate calculations need to be verified by experts, but availability can be determined with a simple formula. It was such a problem.

When the calculations were finally over, Sirone put the pen down with a click.

On the last page, in the last year, there was a number that exceeded the number he wanted.

Sirone stared at the notebook in a stunned state.

As if his soul had been sucked into it, saliva ran down his still throat.

bang!

Two fists hit the desk like a hammer. Shirone, who buried his face up to her chest, was unable to move for a long time and trembled.

“Haaaaa.”

When she raised her head again, Sirone's face showed no trace of the early joy of creating a new magic.

"really… … It works.”

It is not yet certain. But it was certainly theoretically possible.

While complex constraints apply, if the circumstances are right, Sirone could wipe Heaven off the map.

A rush of fear crept in.

Because the possibility was so small, no, I thought it was impossible, so my thoughts spread to areas where I didn't even have to advance.

Clearly, blowing a counter to Heaven, which is planning a final war, can be its own self-defense.

Ji-sung argues that there is no need to go to the end to experience things that you do not have to experience.

but.

'If I had known Eider's tendencies in advance, would I still have followed the same strategy?'

This was a bit of a difficult problem.

If Eider hadn't attacked Maya, but had he left him with an intelligent judgment, would the result be the same as it is now?

There are two criteria for a magician to measure efficiency. justification and reality. If Fermi is efficiency-oriented, Sirone is the tendency to prioritize justification.

Actuality produces immediate results, but justification leads the flow and ultimately yields great profits.

Can't see which one is better. However, the matter of destroying heaven was definitely a strategy that was biased toward practicality.

“I need to meet Ikael.”

Why did she pass on Ataraxia? Did she know that her choice at the time would come back as a boomerang that could destroy heaven?

“I need to meet Ikael.”

One more reason to meet her.

* * *

The graduating class schedule has already passed the 12th week.

Although students have been busy running without even a chance to catch their breath, the atmosphere on campus has been chaotic recently. No, beyond the school, the entire kingdom was noisy.

Senior students always had a newspaper in their hands. Whether in the restaurant or in the park, stories of shocking incidents at the Magic Association were exchanged.

Former Sorcerer's Association President Mikea Gaold Wanted for Treason

Sirone read the headline at the top of the newspaper several times before turning his attention to the article.

I saw a post saying that there was an assassination attempt on Tormia's King Adolf XII 10 days ago.

This was shocking because Adolf was not a tyrant and was popular with Baska.

But even more shocking than that was the fact that the person who was pointed out as behind the assassination was Mikea Gaold.

Newspapers were competing to publish relevant evidence.

The fact that he had gone into hiding two days before the assassination attempt was also cited as supporting evidence.

I could hear students entering the park complaining.

“I mean, nothing else, treason. What did you do that for?”

“Who is not? It used to be the pride of the school, but now it has become the school's shame. If you are guilty of treason, the school will also be hit hard. Even if you block the path of your juniors, they will still be oil fountains.”

It may be said that Gaold was not in front of them, but on the other hand, it was not that they did not understand their feelings.

Sirone read the article again.

The people who disappeared with Gaold included Gando, the head of the Magic Association's guard, and Plu, the 3rd floor manager.

In the lower column of the newspaper, the questions and answers from the emergency hearing on national safety measures held yesterday were recorded.

Most of the Magic Association employees were lined up with circumstances that suspected Gaold of treason.

Only Isabella, a certified third-class magic library manager of the Magic Association, insisted on Gaold's innocence, but in the end, she was arrested on the spot by the kingdom's national intelligence agents and is currently imprisoned.

“Whoa, it turns complicated.”

Sirone folded the newspaper and looked up at the sky.

Gaold plotted treason.

Is this even possible?

No, treason might be possible for someone with a level of strength like Gaold.

But the question is, why the hell? It was that.

said Nade.

“Even a first-class archmage runs away because the state moves. Anyway, how are you now? I heard that there are a lot of strange people coming and going at our school. Iruki, what do you know? You often get letters from your father.”

An albino, the leader of the dragons, would surely have accurate information, but Iruki shook his head.

“You just said it was premature. Besides, it's not something to write in a letter or something. Those people from earlier are probably from the National Intelligence Service. Gaold will search everywhere he can find refuge.”

Iruki looked back at Sirone.

I knew that he had been to the Magic Association during vacation. He wasn't sure, but he had the feeling he was hiding something.

“Sirone, do you know anything?”

“… … .”

Sirone didn't say anything. Especially in this situation, he had to be more careful with his words.

There was no guarantee that if Isabel, a certified level 3, would be arrested on the spot, she would not harm herself as well as her friends.

'What the hell is going on? What's going on?'

Did Gaold really try to assassinate the King?

I thought there was little chance of that happening.

A project that has been prepared for 20 years is now just a few months away. Even the assassination of the king may have been included in the project, but even so, there was a sense of failure in vain.

'Looking at the article, Gaold often revealed his disposition to be an anhamuin. It is also written that he cursed the king to a foreign diplomat. But didn't he continue to hold the position of president of the association? One way or another, it has to be seen that an emotional equilibrium has been maintained between the two powers. But suddenly it broke. Why now?'

It was too frivolous and tremendous to see that it took place before going to heaven, which was not enough even after all preparations were made.

'No, maybe that's why it's inevitable?'

Sirone reversed time and thought about it.

'Gaold prepared the project for 20 years. It would be impossible to completely control the information. As the time for ignition was near, he began to act somewhere to put out the fire. It makes the most sense to see it that way.'

If the assumptions were true, this was the worst.

Sirone is a member of Gaold's project. When he dug into the NIS, he had no choice but to come up with his own name.

'Who the hell moved? Tormia Kingdom? Or what beyond? How far do you know No, how long can you hide it? Then, what should I prepare for?'

“… … Lone. Sirone.”

Shirone woke up from her thoughts and looked back at Iruki.

“Uh, huh?”

“What are you thinking? Are you okay? Your face is pale?”

Nade looked at him worriedly.

"what? is that so? Sirone, can you tell me what's going on? Actually, I didn't want to ask because I was afraid you would get in trouble, but if it's something that's too much for you to handle alone, we'll fight together.”

Disclosure is absolutely impossible. It was like driving friends to death beyond personal feelings.

Of course, there was no way that Iruki and Nade would not know that. But because of that, he would understand the current silence as well.

"Sorry. I'll tell you everything later when I get a chance.”

Iruki didn't feel sad.

Sirone is not stupid. If it was something that could be solved by talking, I would have told you right away. It just upset her friend that the situation wasn't helpful.

"okay. We'll pretend we don't know. But don't be stubborn. The most important thing is you. If you end up in danger, I'll start acting in one way or another.”

When Iruki of the Mercodyne family said that, I felt quite relieved.

The albino said he didn't write anything down in the letter, but maybe Iruki knew more than he expected. It was a family that could do that enough.

"thank you. But it's really okay. I'll go into the house first. I have something to think about.”

Sirone stood up coldly, but her heart was different. It was fortunate that Iruki and Nade were there. At worst, even Amy and Lian wouldn't turn a blind eye.

Even if they were wrong, they were people who could protect their loved ones enough.

Sirone could be satisfied with that.

* * *

As summer came, it rained more frequently.

The morning was sunny, but the changeable weather was pouring rain before I knew it.

The rainy season came so early.

It was past midnight, and Sirone was standing in front of the window, watching the pouring rain.

It's been three days since Isabelle's arrest, but there's still no word from Gaold.

Newspapers inflated the facts and published more provocative articles, and now they had become public enemies.

The people presumed to be the NIS were no longer visible. But it may just be a cover-up.

The evaluation schedule was also proceeding normally, but the students' motivation was noticeably dampened.

It must be that he felt skeptical about the fact that the kingdom's best wizard, the head of the Magic Association, had fallen into a miserable situation.

'Will Isabelle be okay?'

As far as Syrone knew, Isabelle was not in Gaold's bodyguard.

So, was Gaold's defense at the hearing simply out of affection?

Or is there something about it that you don't know about?

I remembered her beautiful face as she kindly explained the laser guidance algorithm.

On the last day, he put a Kubrick on his finger and showed him how to use it.

smart.

Sirone's heart sank at the sound of knocking.

It's already past midnight.

There was absolutely no reason for anyone to come to their room when even the teachers were asleep.

smart.

Sirone entered the Spirit Zone. The radius was extremely narrow so as not to be noticed by the person outside the door.

Even as I approached the door, muffled footsteps, I couldn't hear a voice from an unknown person.

“… … who are you?"

No answer means no friends at all. They would have sent a signal in some way.

If you break down the door, escape by teleportation. With only one guideline stuck in his head, he narrowed the distance.

Sirone, who finally arrived at the door, brought her eyes to the hole in the board.

His expression as he looked outside in a super nervous state went blank for a moment, then he hurriedly grabbed the doorknob and turned it.

"Seniors?"

Flew stood there clutching his injured shoulder.

Exhausted, his face was pale and his bluish lips trembled. At first glance, it was a look of serious suffering.

Her clothes were tattered and she wasn't even wearing underwear, so all of her flesh could be seen through the soaked cotton.

The only thing that kept the old look was the wizard's eyes behind the glasses.

“Sirone… … .”

Flew's face felt relieved for a moment, then he collapsed into Sirone's arms before he could finish his sentence.

"Seniors. Seniors."

Sirone hugged Fleur and carried her to bed, looked carefully through the hallway, and then silently closed the door.

When I got back to bed, Flew was already sitting. Although he covered his chest with his arm, it was only an act of consideration for Sirone, and there was no shame in his determined expression.

The thought of preparing a warm cup of tea crossed my mind for a moment. But in the end, I stopped thinking.

He escaped from Basuka to Kreas' magic school.

The fact that they came to themselves without any power meant that their situation was much more serious than expected.

"Seniors! What happened? You were worried!”

There were so many things to say. But I couldn't even guess what to say.

Flew pondered, as if choosing his words. After a while, her face began to contort in remorse.

“Gando-nim, no, Gando-nim… … .”

Fleur slowly turned to Sirone. A single tear trickled down from the sharp eyes that seemed to pierce even the iron plate.

“Gando betrayed us.”

---------------------------------------