[756] The Doctrine of Evil (3)

* * *

“Go in quickly! I want to die!”

At the heart of North Eymond's 48th Military Facility, a group of soldiers were threatening workers with knives drawn.

“Well, I went in yesterday! Please look!”

“If you draw from the lottery, that's it! Are you saying you're going to disobey the Republic's mission now!”

It was only after the knife entered his throat that the man lowered his head in resignation and grabbed the sack.

If you resist, you will die now, but if you go inside that warehouse, there is still a chance to live.

If 10 people enter, 8 people will come back alive, so it must be a fairly high probability.

However, the problem was that the end of the remaining two did not simply end in death.

"next. Who is the one who voted for the X?”

"That's me."

Verdi's father, Baseto, approached, showing an X on a stick.

"Go in."

He already knew that resisting would be futile, so he too dragged the remaining sacks towards the warehouse.

“Uh, hey, Bassetto. who will do it first huh? I'm First? Or are you first?”

A colleague who was terrified alone in the same situation was annoyed, but this too was now in a state of victory.

“Do whatever you like.”

The man who rolled his eyes said with a servile smile.

“Well, then you are first. Understand?"

Eight out of 10 survive, but 30 of the 39 who have died so far were first in line.

“… … I will.”

From the moment I opened the warehouse door, an irresistible, impulsive smell stung my nose.

It was a disgusting smell that would be better than sticking your nose into a corpse.

“Krrrr.”

Inside the iron bars installed in the warehouse, silhouettes of monsters larger than humans passed by.

Although they have different shapes, personalities, and habits, the soldiers only called them 'Garasu'.

'Let's stay calm. Just leave the sack and come out.'

When I opened the iron cage door and entered, the monsters turned their heads at the same time and slowly backed away.

“Kreuk. Kreuk. Kreuk.”

Hearing a groaning noise, Bassetto dragged the sack without even breathing.

'Let's not provoke it. You can't make a sound.'

Pulling up a bag with such force that his arm fell off was the only skill he learned here.

“Kiiiii.”

The moment something as sharp as a fingernail pricked his side, Bassetto had no choice but to incontinence.

'damn! Is it me?'

It was not yet time to give up.

“… … .”

His extremely sensitive senses sensed Garas' retreat without even turning his head.

'Damn you kids! Are you making fun of me?'

The reason why the Karas don't break through the bars is because the 48th Military Facility provides them with the best materials.

'Do you feel like an emperor?'

Igor was prepared to pay any price to satisfy the sexual desire of Garas, who was 100,000 times more powerful than a human.

'To make the strongest army.'

I don't know if I can really control the glass, but just making a compromise to enter the cage was an achievement.

'I'm going back to my family.'

The guys in the warehouse were full-bodied, and didn't even pay attention unless they were particularly interested.

'done!'

There were also those who put down the sack, but were caught by Garas in a hurry.

'slowly. Slower.'

After repeating the words “if you want to die, you live” dozens of times, and finally got out of the cage, the Garas sent congratulations.

“Kuh! Kut! Kut!”

Everything was happy at the thought of just living, and on the contrary, the next man became contemplative.

“Congratulations, congratulations. That's amazing.”

No answer came back.

“That, yes. You can do it. please Please take mine instead... … .”

As Baseto's eyes tightened and he glared at him as if to kill him, the man dropped his head helplessly.

"but… … No one wants to die.”

Bassetto weakened for a moment, but soon regained his composure and clung to the wall of the warehouse.

Squeaky, unluckily, the lock that had been fine until now opened with a sound, and from then on, the man's reason was paralyzed.

"ha. ha."

Bassetto frowned at the sound of heavy breathing, but couldn't bring himself to speak.

'calm down. If you do as usual, nothing will happen.'

“Huh.”

At the sound of sobbing, Garas, who was in the corner, showed interest and stuck out his tongue.

The wet thing wrapped around his neck and squeezed it tightly, and the man's hand relaxed.

"Help me."

Baseto's eyes widened.

'You fool! Just stay here! Don't say anything!'

“Please save me. Please. You came in yesterday too. I can't die like this... … Aaaaaa!”

His tongue quickly grabbed the man, and Bassetto kicked off the ground and ran to the exit.

“Sal, save me! Aaaaaa!”

Without even looking that way, Bassetto pounded on the warehouse door.

"open it! Hurry up and open the door, you bastards!”

The blinding window opened, and a cold gaze quickly scanned the inside of the warehouse.

“Open it! You did your job right!"

“The iron window is open. close it.”

“Sir… … !”

Swearing came out spontaneously, but the anger immediately cooled in front of the desire for survival.

Pushing the door with both hands, he rushed to the barricade, and the man who was crushed by the giant glass reached out his hand.

"please! me some... … Aaaaaa!”

Bassetto, who even confirmed that the man's eyes were curling up, closed the bars and lowered the lock.

“Kiyaaaa!”

I was dizzy when the excited Garas pushed through the black shadow.

I didn't know how I backed away, and I got stuck on the wall of the warehouse, and things like snakes were wriggling out of the curved bars.

“Big!”

Gritting my teeth and running to the side, the warehouse door opened and my vision was filled with light.

is the light of life

“Aaaaaaa!”

Just in case the door was closed, I kicked off the ground with all my might and rolled on the ground.

'Please, please someone save me! Honey, Verdi!'

Bassetto covered his ears and sobbed at the terrible screams of his colleague in the warehouse.

“Uhhh! Whoa!”

Another victim came out.

* * *

Major Jaycee, who had escaped from the 48th Military Facility, arrived deep in the Galchan Mountains surrounding Pacia, the capital of North Eymond.

'Aren't you here yet? It's five minutes before the appointment time.'

Although he is acting as an officer in North Eymond, he was actually a spy who infiltrated South Eymond six years ago.

'I endured only for today.'

It was a mission that would have been impossible if it were not for an unofficial 3rd class wizard specializing in espionage warfare.

“Jacey!”

Three soldiers emerged from the bushes.

The captain was Jacey's husband.

“Why are you so late?”

"Sorry. It took longer than expected to cross the border. I'm glad you came over safely.”

After a short kiss, Jacey searched for her arms and said.

"I do not have time. Two days ago, the North succeeded in controlling Galas for the first time. If we don't take action soon... … .”

“Dirty things! Did you really succeed?”

"Fortunately, I'm not at the level of taming higher creatures yet. But the fact that it was successful is important.”

As time goes by, technology is bound to evolve.

“Deliver this document to the royal castle. That's all the information I've gathered about Garas. I'll go over in three days.”

If she left the army now, there would be a national emergency and there was a high possibility that her husband would be arrested.

“Your place is the torture chamber.”

Jacey's eyes fluttered in shock as North Eymond's men walked through the brush.

"how… … .”

I thought it was thoroughly hidden.

“Has the world changed? You should know that there are eyes even where you don't know.”

behind the world.

'No, it's impossible. The inhabitants of the other side of the world would never compromise with humans, right?'

“Don’t even think about being taken lightly. I'm in a pretty bad mood right now."

As the gendarmerie commander pulled out his sword and approached, Jacey cast invisibility magic and shouted.

“Disperse! Get out!”

As she disappeared and fired an electric bolt from an unexpected place, the military police threw themselves at her.

'Are you saying it's not trash?'

Invisibility was the highest level of lightning magic, especially illusion magic.

“… … Things are getting interesting.”

As the spies fled, the military police chief gave the order.

“Call the beast king.”

A signal flare was fired, and 3 minutes later, 20 soldiers dragged 2-meter-high dogs.

Krrrrrrrr!

A dog with ironclad hair all over its body, a dog with hundreds of holes in its body, a dog with deadly poison flowing from its teeth... … .

The monsters created using glass were moving in perfect order according to the hand signal.

Garas - Heterogeneous Dog.

'It's definitely a great achievement.'

It is the dog's genes that North Eymond biologists have used to control Garras.

It was still in its infancy, but if it was possible to train it, sooner or later the empire would be equipped with a force that was not frightening.

“Are you really obeying? If we only trust the dog and let go of the enemy, our necks will not be safe either.”

The captain of the Suwangdae said confidently.

"Do not worry. It is a dog of the Republic that faithfully accomplishes dangerous tasks.”

“How is the performance?”

“It’s so great I can’t even put it into words. You better take a look. Just give me instructions.”

The military police captain looked back at the forest with furious eyes.

“Find all the garbage in the south and take it.”

20 minutes after that.

From the middle of the Galchan Mountains, desperate screams were heard.

“No eh eh!”

Lee Hyeong-dok's sense of smell quickly found the spies, and Jaycee's husband was decapitated with the military police chief's sword.

“You bad guys! kill! Kill me too!”

Jacey, who was hit by a heterogeneous dog that relaxes the large muscles, missed the point of suicide.

“Unpleasant. To be called a bad guy by a thief trying to steal information from another country.”

"shut up! There are human rights even in war! Do you know what you guys are doing?”

“Of course you know. You are at war.”

The military police chief stepped on Jacey's face.

“Keugh!”

I didn't like the way her expression ferociously raised her eyes even when her cheeks were pressed down.

“You know enough about how the Republic interrogates criminals, right? It’s good to tell how far you’ve been involved.”

“Kill.”

Without this level of resolution, they would not have been able to infiltrate the enemy country and survive for six years.

“You’re kicking human rights with your own feet.”

When the military police chief turned his head, a black-haired, black-haired dog approached him, salivating.

“I’m going to go through hell for the next 10 minutes. We'll talk again after that. The only time to stop is now.”

“… … kill it.”

A researcher at Suwang University opened the file folder.

“Experimental Data 38-7. Experimental Sample Bestark Jacey. 36 years old. Start recording.”

“Aaaaaaa!”

Just as Jace closed his eyes and screamed, the military police captain, feeling the presence of people, quickly turned around.

The identity of the person he did not realize until he got close to him, even using the sensory schema... … .

“… … What are you?”

It was a young girl wearing a wide-brimmed cone hat and holding a broom in one hand.

“Human, human.”

Only then did the military police officers realize the voice of an adult woman breaking the harmony and back down.

'Did I have a dream?'

As if the scene up until now had been an illusion, the child's figure had disappeared and a bewitching face struck her gaze.

“Why do you kill and kill and there is no end?”

Ivory Tower Odaeseong.

Human Security Enforcement Director Mirac Minerva.

---------------------------------------