in the flower field (3)

Under Ankera's orders, Satiel returned to the place where Ikael was hiding.

“You’re here. I was worried because there was no message.”

There was not even a hint of doubt in Ikael's smile.

'No, none of them are stupid.'

You must already assume the worst situation through all the variables in your head.

Still laughing... … .

'Believe in me.'

The years Satiel fought for humans, the yearning everyone wanted to become gods.

Satiel tried to pretend to be calm.

"yes. Forgive me for being late. in fact… … I haven't come up with a name yet. It becomes a burden.”

Ikael showed affectionate eyes.

“Huh, it’s okay. Since you are an angel with a kind heart, you will surely be able to give it a wonderful name.”

Satiel couldn't answer.

“Come in. You are like my sister, so you will be an aunt to my child. You should see her nephew's face.”

'aunt??????

My eyes grew hot.

Even if I couldn't make love to a guffin, it could have been that way.

'No, that's not what I wanted. I don't want to be in a relationship like this with a giant Finn.'

But why do I keep crying?

“What are you doing, why don’t you come in?”

When he coldly cut off his heart, even that small connection was so precious.

'I'll just be patient. I'll live my whole life watching from the side like this.'

It was already too late.

"sorry."

Ikael tilted his head at the sight of the tears of light flowing down Satiel's cheeks.

“Don't forgive me.”

A roar erupted in the distance.

The identity of the sound was not yet visible, but Guffin felt threatened by the wind pressure alone.

"damage!"

As motherly love erased many thoughts, Ikael flew in the opposite direction of the sound.

The air resistance alone made it a tremendous speed, but it was probably unavoidable.

If the target Ymir was aiming for was not Guffin, but Ikael.

"found."

With Ymir in his eyes, Guffin looked at the incoming fist as if it was crushing space.

'Miracle Stream!'

Golden smoke wrapped around Ymir's arm, and a command that transcended the world was entered.

' stop.'

Vibrations occurred as the two signals collided, but no one felt the tremors.

The whole world shook.

“Big!”

His face was crumpled, but Ymir's eyes were filled with joy at the resistance he felt for the first time in his life.

'Is this how you feel?'

to do something.

“Aaaaaaa!”

As I screamed and stretched out my arms, a force that even I could not measure my own limits came rushing in.

The vibrations of the world died away, and Ymir's fists stopped in front of Guffin's eyes.

Ymir's arm bent 20 degrees

If the elbow had been fully extended, the guffin's face would have been blown away.

'I broke the Miracle Stream and came in.' To enter after destroying Hexa, the artificial embodiment of Idea, a signal from the outside world... … .

“Are you Gaia?”

No matter how you think about it, there was only one conclusion.

“I am Ymir.”

Ymir, who had recharged his muscles with energy, attacked with one leg out.

“The king of giants!”

Guffin once opened the distance.

' weird.'

It was the first time in my life that I had experienced a strong enemy, but I felt a strange nostalgia in this image of Mir.

'… … is it?'

I realized from Ymir's eyes.

It's definitely one feeling, but it's deep enough to contain 10 billion emotions.

“Is that how it turned out?”

Guffin's eyes burned as he realized that he had become the last Gaian left in the world.

"sorry."

As I stopped stepping back and pulled my arms together, the Miracle Stream gathered between my palms.

A flash of light rushed towards Ymir, who was charging at breakneck speed.

'Photon Cannon.'

The moment the mass of sub-light speed is thrust into Ymir's abdomen.

“Big!”

Ymir grabbed the sphere of light with both hands and destroyed its inertia with his grip.

'Did you catch it?'

No, getting caught isn't the problem.

If the body of a living creature produced subluminal speed, it was normal for the body to evaporate due to frictional heat.

The moment he saw Ymir's red-hot arm, goose bumps ran down Guffin's spine.

'The mass is incomparable to that of the Photon Cannon... …

Moving at sublight speed, a shockwave spread in a radius of 4 kilometers centered on Ymir.

After Ikael ran away, Satiel's body, which had been standing in a state of fascination, flew away in an instant... … .

“Great!”

Where everything was swept flat, only Guffin and Ymir glared at each other.

"That's strange."

Ymir shook his throbbing stomach.

The pain also came to him as joy, but the problem now was not the body.

“I don’t feel well.”

You can become enemies with anything in this world, but the only exception is the Guffin.

"like… … I feel like I am hurting myself.”

Guffin asked.

“Do you remember what happened before you were born?”

"at all. Guess it though. Looking at you, maybe what I think is right.”

“Send me away. You have to protect her wife and her children.”

Ymir turned to the sky.

“Family.”

At this point, which can be called the beginning of his birth, he wanted to organize everything.

“I have no family. There will be no more.”

“If you help me, you too… … Ymir held out her hand.

“No, I don’t want to care about anything. I just want to fight.”

That's how I decided, and now only one last thing remains.

“If you don’t have much time.” Ymir kicked the ground.

“Let’s finish with this.” A huge explosion erupted as the ground collapsed into an endless abyss with a single kick.

If you had seen it from space, you would have noticed that the northern hemisphere of the planet lit up like a match.

Kurrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr!

The shock wave reached the heavens, and even the angels were pale in front of the power of the destruction.

'This giant is dangerous.'

Uriel turned to the direction of the explosion.

'There is no compatibility. There is no heavenly enemy. There is not even a standard. just strong. Existence itself is a break.'

Even if it's a guffin... … .

In the mind of Yuriel, who looked down at the battlefield, he saw a sea of ​​lava where all substances had melted.

Ten meters from the hot surface, Ymir was suspended in the air.

The external gravitational force caused by simple muscle vibration showed no signs of returning even after 10 minutes.

'Guppin, I definitely gave it a chance.'

Just before they collided as they prepared their mortal blows, Ymir gave up the attack.

If Guffin kills himself with the strongest blow, he thought that such an ending would be fine.

'But he survived. and… … With this, the awkwardness that was the only hindrance to fighting spirit completely disappeared from his heart.

“I am already.”

I felt like I was on my own now.

said the gurfin, who had slammed Ymir into the planet's mantle before leaving.

"thanks."

Ymir, who was slowly rising from the lava, revealed his face and snorted.

“Was it the same as being uncomfortable with each other? In any case, it will be the worst ending for you. As long as I exist, you can achieve nothing.”

“Maybe.”

Guffin had no intention of denying it.

“But the mind goes on endlessly. One day someone will appear to replace me. and… …

The guffin's body turned into light and became transparent as if it were being released into the air.

“I will free my people from your prison.” Ymir escaped her flashbacks.

“It continues.”

He muttered, resting his chin on his chin, as he sat cross-legged in the air, waiting for external gravity with no sign of returning.

“I wish I could.”

Above Nane, who was doing zazen at the end of the mountain peak, the clouds were spinning with a hole in them.

Shura, who was watching the scene, murmured.

“Buddha is suffering.”

No, rather, it was the last problem left in this world because it was Buddha's agony.

'Is that Amy?' What could have been so impressive about her?

Ever since Amy left, Nane had been engrossed in her thoughts without a break.

'doesn't care.'

Shura turned around.

'I just want to know the secrets of the world. If the Buddha can attain enlightenment through this, I will have nothing to regret.'

I organized my thoughts like that.

The feeling of being unappreciated still lingered.

“Shura.”

Nane's voice came crashing down from the sky.

“Come to me.”

After flying vertically over a high peak, she knelt down in front of me.

“Did you call?”

“I can feel your heart.” Shura mustered up the courage.

“I’m embarrassed, but I want to ask. Why are you Amy?”

The Buddha of the age, the one who preaches the merits of all beings, falls in love with a human being.

Nane scooped up a single flower from the root.

“I was thinking about how to throw my heart out.”

Then he continued, gently covering the flower with the palm of his other hand.

“Even though I admired the color of this flower, praised its fragrance, and admired its form, I could not truly love it.”

A flower was crushed between the palms.

“It was just empty.”

Shura listened silently.

“No matter what method you use, everything is a lie in front of the ball. I couldn't love flowers. I thought Sirone who was against me was foolish. But one day, 'that woman' came to me.”

Karmis Amy.

“I just wanted to understand Sirone. I thought it would reach the perfect ball. And I realized.”

Nane smiled at Shura.

“I didn’t throw my heart out for love. Because I threw my heart away, I have no choice but to love you.”

As Nane slowly raised her palm, the crumpled flowers began to come to life again.

Shura's expression went blank.

'This??????

It was like a sirone.

“I throw my heart into this flower. Color, scent, shape doesn't matter. Because I threw it, whatever this flower is to me is the most beautiful.”

Nane planted a flower again in the place where he dug up the soil.

“This is sirone. It must be the reason we have to exist in an empty world.”

Shura bowed her head politely.

“If you come, have you made up your mind now?”

“I told Amy that I would carry it through. My will is only in the suffering of sentient beings.”

Nane stood up and put her hands behind her back.

“But the mind is so strange. As for her, after she left, it became her regret. What if she had accepted her offer? Miss you. My heart hurts as if it would break.”

Shura was sure.

“Buddha.”

"okay. I understand Sirone. I can now look at everything from the most objective point of view. So now I have to go out into the world. I will see with my own eyes and judge whether what sentient beings need is Buddha or Yahweh.”

Shura had a hunch that sooner or later a decision would be made that would determine the fate of the world.

If Yahweh is right, Nane will gladly help Sirone to annihilate the demons.

'On the contrary, if the Buddha is right.'

the world closes

'No one can stop it. Neither Yahweh, nor the extremes, nor the atrocities will stop the apocalypse. If possible... …

Suddenly, a person's name passed by.

'Gaold.'

The one who defeated the Buddha.

"okay."

After reading Shura's thoughts, Nane smiled.

“The only thing that can stop me from trying to free humans from suffering is the fall of humans themselves.”

He gave instructions as he gazed at the scenery on the ground as if everything was drawn in his eyes.

“Bring Ichael.”