[711] 19,000 Worlds (5)

The 13th night of Soldier Ant.

Born in the early days of Queen Garnet's colony, she was a battle master who annihilated thousands of enemy ants.

Currently, he serves as the captain of Garnet's direct escort, but it was not unusual for him to go directly to the appearance of a new enemy, as he was naturally fond of battle.

The thirteenth night, which approached with great strides, pointed its antennae at Sirone and paid attention.

Even if the antenna accepts a lot of information, in the end it is just a functional evolution of the five senses.

It was impossible to know what Sirone was thinking just by groping his body.

"Who the hell are you? Why did you invade the Garnet Colony?”

The pheromone of the 13th night was deciphered through the Ultima system, but Sirone had no means to communicate his thoughts.

'What should I do with this?'

While worrying, Sirone found a new solution in the act of ants running over her body with her antennae.

'perhaps… … .'

As Sirone raised her hands slowly as if not intending to attack, as she concentrated, two tentacles resembling ant antennae extended from Armand's robes.

'Small world creation.'

Armand's function, which had been connected to numerous systems so far, might be able to communicate with ants.

“What is this again?”

The thirteenth night activated a vigilant posture at the two tentacles that ran over Sirone's left and right shoulders.

'My breath stops.'

The ant's life was chaos itself and was also so pure, it felt like watching Nade's magic fairy tale.

Since she had already experienced it, she was able to calm down a bit, and Sirone carefully connected her tentacles to her antennae.

“Huh!”

Different systems exchanged information just by brushing, and the 13th night shuddered.

- Detection of new language systems. Building an interpreter program. interface creation and ejection.

At the same time as Armand's signal, the robe swelled up and an organic sphere with nerves like hair protruded.

-Except artificial brain (language interpreter version).

“What have you done to me?”

At the feel of the feeler, which is completely different from that of other living creatures, the 13th night exploded and threw itself away.

"Wait a minute! now… … !”

When the jaws of the 13th night, which rushed at great speed, crossed like twin swords, Sirone hurriedly turned his upper body.

“It’s quite good!”

Sirone's eyes widened when he saw the ant curling up into a ball and spinning its claws.

'This is Kido's... … ?'

Law of the Earth - Ant Hell.

“Kill! kill! Kill the enemy!”

Numerous ants emitted pheromones, but they did not feel dizzy because the signal was being analyzed separately from the artificial brain.

'The problem is this ant.'

Around the rotating 13th night, it seemed that all the surrounding space was being sucked in.

Eventually, as the scenery was denied, the illusion of the land being tangled like a skein came into view.

'wow… … !'

Shirone sincerely admired the stage she had reached in the body of an ant instead of a human.

The world was shaking up and down, and the soil on all sides stood up, blocking all the places where Sirone could escape.

Although such a phenomenon did not actually occur, the world's law was announcing Movement Zero through Denai.

'Choeni Bardo!'

As the other side world opened, another route that was different from this world was born to Sirone's senses.

"what?"

The 13th night stopped spinning and tilted its head.

Obviously, the movement was blocked by the Law of the Earth, but Sirone was nowhere to be seen.

“I don’t want to fight.”

The 13th night, feeling the pheromone, shuddered and looked back, and Sirone had already settled down.

“… … .”

Numerous ants watched with bated breath, and the 13th night was realized using the superior insect senses.

"you… … You are doing the same thing as me.”

The thirteenth night does not know how it acquired the art of assimilation with the earth.

It was only that he realized the reason for life by fighting countless wars and returning enemy ants to the soil.

"okay. I lived the same life as you.”

Even though these systems are only subordinate to humans, the essence is not different.

'There is nothing insignificant. I just don't want to look into it.'

Recalling Miro's teachings, Sirone politely requested the 13th night.

“I am from another world. And I want to know how to get back to the original world again. Take me to your king.”

“To the Queen?”

It's fortunate that the conversation goes through, but the queen is in a decrepit state and the opponent is strong.

'But there is no hostility.'

Only the nature of the incarnation transmitted through Sirone's antennae in a fleeting moment was the basis for trust.

"I don't have the ability to let you meet the queen."

Among the female ants, the royal family of the colony, only those in the top 10 were able to have an audience with the queen.

“I could die. Because the royal family is conservative and considers the invasion of other races unclean.”

It felt like society was the same everywhere, but Sirone didn't worry about that.

“But you are the strong one. I can convince them.”

The 13th night shook its head.

“I don't understand. not subject to persuasion The royal family will one day build a colony... … .”

The ant's pheromones popped off.

'If it's Merrot-nim, maybe he'll allow it.'

Merott, the number one member of the royal family, is an ant with a beautiful appearance and a noble character, and is respected by the people.

However, the 'engagement' competition between nobles (male ants) was fierce, so if you took a creature with a male and female, you wouldn't stand still.

“There is one way. to take you into war slavery. Then the nobles won't mind."

Even so, it was true that it was dangerous, but Sirone had no other options unless she wanted to live here forever.

"good. I'll leave the treatment up to you. Just let me meet the queen.”

“… … Follow me.”

As the 13th night turned around, the worker ants split left and right as if they had received a signal.

* * *

In front of Andrew's entrance.

Kido, who was dealing with the Maga bandits, had no time to catch his breath even for a second, and his face was pale due to lack of oxygen.

'no. I can't stand it.'

After paying hundreds of sums, one is being cut down, but 38 people have only reduced to 32 people.

In Kido's experience, it was as if it hadn't diminished, and in particular, the vice-captain's skills were far stronger than his own when viewed objectively.

“Break through! Open the entrance!”

All Kido could do was use the terrain at the entrance to desperately block it.

'Blade Hell!'

Rolling the ground and swinging the spear, the thieves retreated for a moment, but their physical strength remained intact.

After confirming that the rotation speed had decreased, the vice-captain drew his sword first and charged.

“Now! kill!”

“Keugh!”

In a situation where he was desperate to be decapitated, Kido had no choice but to give up the entrance and retreat.

'It's a big deal. If this... … .'

As all the thieves occupied a large space, the number of enemies to deal with increased to all.

“If you obediently bow down and pray, I’ll cut your throat with a single sword.”

Seeing the vice-captain approaching with his sword hanging down, Kido felt his entire body draining of strength.

'I'm not afraid to die. but… … .'

If Kido dies, Sirone dies too.

“I went in thinking I would protect you.”

The hand holding the spear trembled, and tears flowed at the thought of not being able to stop it.

“He fought well. stop dying.”

When Sirone's death came to reality, Kido felt fear for the first time in his life.

It was terribly frightening to see Sirone die.

'I have to protect it.'

The life of others held in the goblin's cold heart was as hot as a huge lump of charcoal.

It is a heart.

“Please save Sirone. 'Cause I'll do anything Please don't kill Sirone. I mean, you trusted me.”

Falling snowflakes soaked the ground.

“… … I regret that.”

The vice-captain sincerely sympathized with Kido.

“When I die, I can forget everything.”

Having shown the only mercy a human can give, he slowly walked up and raised his sword.

'water. I want to drink water.'

As the life of Sirone swallowed by his chest burned, Kido felt a terrible thirst to the point of going insane.

“My throat… … sore throat... … !”

"die."

The moment the vice-captain was about to strike the sword, Kido raised his head with bloodshot red eyes.

'what?'

The goblin's afterimage shook like a haze, and the surrounding land began to sway like waves.

Feeling threatened by the unexpected change, the leader struck down his sword as quickly as a flash.

"Quaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!"

After revealing an illusion that the ground affected by the denai turns into a swamp, he pulled the lower body of the thieves.

The Law of the Earth - The Earth Command.

"Shit! what! feet... … !”

As the thieves struggled in the illusion of endlessly falling into the swamp, the vice-captain shouted.

"Wake! It is just an optical illusion of the law!”

Gravity, which acts equally on the land, was jumbled together, giving the illusion of falling into a swamp.

'This is great axing! How could something like a goblin be like this... … !'

“Quaaaaaaaa!”

Kido straightened his upper body and looked up at the ceiling with shocked eyes.

'Filled! Filled!'

For an instant, a feeling of refreshment surged through my heart that had been burned as if it had turned to ashes, and I tasted the greatest joy of my life.

It was the moment when the spirit of the goblin, which cycled through the cycle of eating and breeding, sucked in the heart and expanded into a larger world.

'This is the heart.'

As the dried up earth sucks up rainwater, the power of axing soared as his heart filled with love.

“Put your distance!”

The vice-captain and members managed to overcome the axing, but the feeling of walking in a swamp was impossible to adapt to right away.

Whirling. Whirling.

Everyone raised their heads at the sound of the flute and saw Kido swinging his spear and laughing.

'I understand now, Sirone. It means being human.'

The sound of the flute stopped, and Kido, who had fixed the spear, held out a hand and beckoned for him to come in.

“Have a good trip.”

Kido learned what love is.

* * *

Labyrinth Pytharos.

Nane looked for a moment at the entrance of the dark cave, where all the turbid energy of this world flowed.

Having reached the stage of infant independence, he had the experience of the world disappearing and being reborn every time he blinked.

'There is no universe without me.'

But is that really all?

'If just closing your eyes is the end, why do we exist in this world?'

Nane's journey, which started from an extremely low experience, was coming to an end in front of the existence value of the universe.

As soon as I stepped into the darkness of the labyrinth, I felt the feeling of falling endlessly.

lowlands of the law.

It felt like my ego was collapsing just by standing on top of the hole where the energy of corruption was being sucked in.

'Falling means... … .'

There was only one thing I could think of, since no natural cave would ever make a hole this deep.

“It’s the other side of the world.”

Finally, the feeling of falling was over, and an unfamiliar landscape that was completely different from reality unfolded before my eyes.

The blood-red flames burned without even fuel, and the inside was intricately connected with wire mesh and steel frames burned by the heat.

“Sah, save me! Aaaaaaaagh!”

“Aaaaaaa! rather kill it! Please kill me!”

Hearing people's terrible screams, Nane continued walking without changing his complexion.

In the world of the spirit, even the death of the body cannot be extinguished.

"no! no!"

The monks and explorers who had entered the labyrinth so far were being subjected to such terrible things that their egos collapsed.

'Is it hell?'

Pytharos Basement 1st floor.

It was the hell of lust, one of the seven sins created by the fallen law of man.

---------------------------------------