[35] The Bridge I Can't Cross (2)

Unlike the fierce psychological warfare taking place, in the eyes of the spectators watching from afar, it seemed that they were just jumping down. It was a battle that took place in seconds.

'It didn't fall until it fell.'

Even when the cliff came one step closer, Sirone's body did not shine. Then, rather, the hearts of the students watching were beating. Sirone flew off the edge of the cliff and leaped as far as possible. Incredible feeling of opulence. The strong wind shook the body, and the mountain birds flew in groups far below the feet.

Sirone only focused on teleportation. At the critical point of the leap, his body finally flashed and leaped out in a flash.

Sirone was the last person to finish turn 1. Naturally, the rankings were reversed at the point of going into turn 2. The group that cut off the start first will fall behind.

Sirone made up for the gap in driving. Above all, I was able to lead Mark by a narrow margin.

Mark was frightened when he saw Sirone jumping out from behind. How late could he have gotten ahead of him on turn one? Of course, the gap between the leading groups is still less than 10 meters, so the rankings can change at any time, but it was disappointing that the expected strategy was in vain.

“You bastard! Don't stand there!”

With a short time difference, Sirone and Mark cast teleportation magic at almost the same time.

* * *

10 minutes before the promotion test begins.

There was a girl who headed to the training center with a gloomy face.

Erlang Maria.

As the third daughter of the Erlang family, the third-class aristocrat, she was a 19-year-old genius who opened her eyes to magical talent early and entered Alpheas Magic School.

Although she is currently in Class 7 and is ridiculed by Mark, who is 4 years younger than her, it did not mean that she did not stand out from the start.

He entered school at the age of 10 and fought fiercely for 9 years. But at some point, such a competition felt meaningless.

I couldn't figure out why I had to go up to the top class while spending a lot of energy. Even if you are promoted, it is the beginning of a new competition. The life she lived was just a marathon with no destination for her.

“Ha, what am I doing?”

Is it because I missed the timing to hit and go up? From the moment I realized that I was the oldest in Class 7, everything was futile.

The odds of a student entering Class Ten advancing to Class Seven were roughly 40 percent. It's good to be proud of being able to break through the probability of less than half.

When Maria entered Class 7 at the age of 15, she was happy as if she were flying in the sky. But her happiness was short-lived, and she feared the narrowing gap in the promotion.

Ironically, my best grades were in my first year of promotion to Class 7.

However, from the following year, his grades gradually dropped, and now he has come to the point where he is ignored even by freshmen.

I was afraid to compete. You have to risk your life to do something. You have to be a little more tenacious and a little more perfect. Every time I thought about it, I felt out of breath.

Is the reason why you can't leave school because of inertia, or is it because you have a little bit of passion left? If that's not the case, is it because the time spent trying is a waste?

Maria, who entered the magic school because she liked magic, sighed when she found herself losing her identity.

Things like the promotion test were someone else's business. However, it hurt my pride to stay in the classroom with young children and do self-study.

With that thought in mind, I walked aimlessly. Then, suddenly, she thought she had to go to the training center, and she turned around.

Perhaps there is a warlike competition between bright talents at the top? Seeing them would intensify her sense of shame, but she felt that her passion was running out anyway.

With the feeling of grabbing at least a straw, or with the mind that some kind of happening might occur and cause even a small stimulus, I took such a futile step.

"huh?"

At the peak, Teacher Etella's lighting magic gushed out. Judging from the blue color, it seemed that she was preparing for her exam.

The shouts of the students were heard on the echo. Maria, losing her confidence to head there, halted her steps. Where their shouts reached, she was not herself.

'My place is not there. Only the best kids in Class 7 will be there.'

At that moment, a devilish thought entered his mind and led the way to Maria.

At first, I just turned away because I didn't want to ignore the fact that a possibility existed.

Then, when I came to my senses, I was already at the engine control room of the bridge that I couldn't cross.

Hope it's not over. 

Grabbing that hope, she opened the door to the engine room. An employee was sitting in a chair and yawning. If it was a normal promotion test, the teacher would accompany him, but today he couldn't be seen because the engine device of the bridge that couldn't be crossed was turned off and he was on the move for the safety of the students.

The relaxed staff stretched out their legs and blew a whistle. But after a while, his eyelids closed and his head bent.

Maria was standing behind the employee who had fallen into a deep sleep.

Sleep magic, which relaxes the mind, hardly works for wizards, but it is very effective for those who do not know magic.

Maria looked around at the engine unit. The safety device of the air net was activated, and a rotary switch was visible on the side to adjust the level of difficulty of the bridge that could not be crossed.

She put her finger on the safety button. Her body trembled. Is this the right thing to do? No, regardless of right or wrong, is it really something I can do at my level?

Just press a button. If she was her usual self, it would lead to terrible consequences that could never be imagined, but when a person is possessed by something, only her sweet reward fills her mind.

Maria pressed the button. When she put it into practice, it was so simple that she laughed. There are no terrible things, no disastrous results. She just pushed a button.

The lights of the air net installed on the cliff lost their red light.

* * *

Boom, boom, boom!

An explosion erupted from the crowd of students. It was a situation where 20 people each blinked and ran at an altitude of 1,000 meters.

Overall, at the time of the third turn, the distance between the lead and the tail did not widen.

It was a situation in which a huge human group was moving.

However, differences in level were evident. Most of those who had started early were shaken, unable to bear the feeling of emptiness with nothing hanging under their feet.

'Hey! Are you really falling? here?'

Looking down, it was a ten thousand li cliff. It was a terrible thing to have to fall 100 meters unconditionally, whether the safety device was really installed, or even if it was safe.

As the spirit zone weakened, the leap distance decreased. As such, the gap with the leading group widened in an instant.

The Spirit Zone is an extremely sensitive state of mind. Therefore, even the slightest distraction could not sustain her. In the end, the students of Fumi's group, who failed in the omnipotence of teleportation, began to plummet.

“Aaaaaaa!”

“Sah, save people! Help me!"

Ha ha ha ha ha!

The seniors watching from the other side burst into laughter. Having already experienced a bridge they couldn't cross, it was just cute to see their juniors flustered. The teachers also smiled and meticulously recorded the evaluations of the students who dropped out in the paperwork.

However, the festive mood changed in an instant.

Regardless of who said it first, the teachers raised their heads in amazement. It took more than enough time to get caught in the air net, but the siren didn't sound.

"what! What happened! stokehold!"

“I’ll go!”

THAAD casts space movement. Flashes of light soared through the sky and curled into the engine room.

“I will save the students first!”

Shiina dived down the cliff and cast teleportation at terrifying speed. Etel, who had been watching from the other side of her, also realized the strangeness of the situation and jumped down.

“Principal, what should I do? Should the exam be stopped?”

Alpheas sighed and exhaled. Two certified 6th grade wizards went, so the students should be safe. However, it was a question to think about whether to proceed with the test like this.

From the school's point of view, it was convenient to suspend the test. But then, students who are struggling to stay in the lead group suffer irreparable losses. It was good to respect the will of the participants as long as safety was guaranteed.

“Just watch. It's enough to keep 20 people. If it ends like this, wouldn’t it make fun of the students’ enthusiasm?”

Shiina and Etela rose from the cliff at the same time. The students trapped in the magic of the air net rose after them.

“What's going on? Something must be wrong.”

Seriel looked into the air through a telescope and said. Other students were also buzzing in unexpected situations. 

But Amy was not swept away by the atmosphere. A stupid situation where a certified 6th grade teacher is holding on does not happen. Besides, the leading students were still undisturbed. Even she herself would have been. It's a class five, but safety is a big deal?

On the other hand, there was a noticeable disturbance in the middle-ranking group. Seeing the teachers jumping off the cliff and grabbing the students, he had an intuition that there was a problem.

'Isn't there a safety device?'

The reason I was able to withstand the fear so far was because it was not a real battle, no matter how similar it was to a real battle. But now I was really floating on a cliff for a thousand roads.

“Aaaaaa! no!"

"teacher! Please save me! I'm giving up on the test!"

"I'm not going to die like this!"

The middle-ranking group began to fall one after another. A rare scene unfolded where the teachers rescued the students by emitting flashes of light.

Even under such circumstances, the lead group's run did not stop. They also know that there is a problem with the safety device, but they rather delighted.

'It's an opportunity! Drop out as many times as possible.'

Before entering the magic school, they were children who grew up hearing that they were geniuses that were unique in the world. Their courageous spirit was different from that of ordinary children of their age. So far, the lead group has advanced 270 meters. It was an amazing level for a class seven.

Sirone was still in first place. Mark and the operation team took turns passing him, but in the next turn, they were reversed. While linking the teleportation 27 times, the jump distance per turn was 10 meters, and there was no error.

'It only repeats the moment. Let's erase the concept of linkage.'

The mechanical routine that Sirone refined while preparing for this test was shining. If certain conditions are met, humans can become much more precise than machines, and that was the work of the unconscious called repetition obsession. Humans who use compulsion are scary. This is because when they decide to do something, they break down barriers like machines.

'shit! Really tenacious! What are the other guys doing!'

Mark was annoyed. Because Sirone did not miss the lead, there was no room for the operation team to intervene. When I looked around her with a fierce look, the female student of Operation Group flinched when her eyes met. It was unspoken pressure to initiate her last resort. 

A partner suicide.

But the safety device was off. She wondered if this was the right thing to do.

'no. I have no choice but to do it. I die like this, but live a failed life. That's it.'

She raised her concentration to the highest level. She gave up on finishing and cast her teleportation, which allowed her to briefly take the lead.

Linking instantaneous movement at high speed, she blocked Shirone's way. At the same time, another operation team blocked Sirone's left route. 

With the front and side blocked, the female student slowed down, and Sirone had no choice but to shorten the jump distance.

---------------------------------------