[339] Wave of Law (4)

The Ice Queen rotated around the periphery, but could not open the angle faster than Sirone, who rotated in the center. The moment her first shot landed, her shockwave came in series. A thin scream erupted from her Ice Queen's lungs as all her photon cannons, which had been following her on her tail, were swollen.

“Kyaaaaaaaaaaaaa!”

But she wasn't destroyed. It was to the point that Sirone's wrists were rather severed as she continued to pour her continuous fire.

'Keugh! Why don't they fall?'

Cold air began to spread like steam from the ice queen's body, which had been beaten by the photon cannon. As time passed, the expansion accelerated and eventually became a huge cloud that covered the queen's body.

-Oxygen remaining consumption time. 1 minute 2 seconds. 48 seconds. 35 seconds.

Armand's stockpile of oxygen was rapidly depleting. At 0 seconds, you have to breathe cryogenic air. I desperately tried to catch my breath, and the remaining consumption time was 4 seconds, and the air began to accumulate again.

'What happened? Did I win?'

It hit the Photon Cannon at a speed of one hundred and twenty rounds per minute. A normal creature should have been mashed potatoes.

As the cloud-like haze dispersed, the Ice Queen finally appeared.

'I-that's... … ?'

Sirone opened his mouth blankly. His pupils, who had an expression of astonishment, shook violently.

* * *

Amy's red eyes flashed and she saved the coordinates. Dante and Lyria ran after her. It had already run more than a kilometer. However, due to the nature of the circular maze, it seemed that they could not approach even 100 meters to the center.

As I entered the shopping district, I saw buildings cut in half against the protruding walls. Amy and her party went into a two-story house where the structure between floors was exposed and hid themselves.

Dante looked out the window. Apart from Zokre and his party, there were monsters roaming around all areas.

“I can’t run away forever. Monsters won't get tired. In the end, you have to knock it down and get out.”

Lyria shook her head.

“They are also victims. You cannot be the target of killing.”

“And what if we die? As time goes by, the ice queen will become stronger. She says she needs to help Sirone quickly. But let alone destroy the maze, you are wandering around the monster stage.”

“It is not a matter of efficiency or results. Violence without good will is no different from evil methodology. I'm not forcing you, but if you're willing to help me, you shouldn't hurt an innocent person even if we die.”

Dante laughed bitterly. It's not a fake or a lie. Controlling reason by strengthening the will was possible only when there was an unfeigned belief.

“Is that the mage’s way of thinking? Well, our school has such a clumsy teacher. It's Ethella."

Lyria said firmly as if it was not possible.

“It’s not clumsiness, it’s conviction. The world is maintained only because there are those who want to keep the will of good as much as the number of evil is eliminated. If you follow the ways of evil because the situation is urgent, you will eventually be ruled by evil! I don't think you, a mage, can understand the age-old conflict between good and evil... … !”

Dante shook his hand and stopped talking.

"okay. Stop admonishing. Like you said, I'm a wizard. So what are you going to do now?”

Lillia calmed down her excitement and explained.

“We will increase the power by reducing the area of ​​influence of the wide-area gold margin installed in the castle site. It's called Park Yo-jin. If you set the coordinates correctly, even the law of the demigod cannot escape.”

Dante's expression changed seriously.

“However, that means if it fails soon… … .”

“Yes, even the last bastion, Gold Margin, will disappear. The ice queen who went out into the world will become stronger. So you only get one chance. If I can’t create that opportunity, I will not try to play Park Yo-jin even if I die.”

Dante felt the same way. When the Ice Queen runs out of her gold margin, her damage scales out of control. Even if everyone was wiped out here, it would be more efficient to lock them up.

"good. So what can we do to help?”

“I can’t set Park Yo-jin’s coordinates at will. It should be installed at the point where the power of the gold margin is concentrated.”

“Where is it?”

“It is the apex of an inverted pyramid drawn at the gold margin. take me there.”

"It's a mountain beyond a mountain."

It was almost impossible to find Park Yo-jin's installation point in the maze where monsters roam. At least if the maze disappears, the clue to the operation will be revealed.

"good. Anyway, let's go with it. Lillia and I will take care of the monsters, so Amy will clear the maze. Because the only person who can go to the center of the spirit radius is you with the red eyes.”

Lyria said anxiously.

“Is it okay to be alone? Their abilities are not magic. The other two must have acquired abilities comparable to Maze.”

“That's why Amy has to step in. Maybe they'll target Amy first. If that's the case, it's better to split in two and move. Amy. can you?”

Amy couldn't answer. Zocre and the others became stronger. No, even before he became strong, he was a competent person who had passed the senior class exam.

'And I... … I failed.'

said Dante.

"you can do it. Trust yourself.”

“I can’t believe it. I'm really not confident.”

Amy was sincere.

“If I can’t trust you, I trust your family.”

When Amy looked up, Dante put a hand on her shoulder.

“There’s no way you can’t do what everyone in your family can do. You fight with everything you have.”

Numerous families are attesting to their talent. That's why you can trust yourself in any situation.

Dante left the building with a satisfied face as Amy's eyes showed a grim resolution.

"Let's go, Lilia. We need to get as close to the coordinates as possible while they focus on Amy.”

Lyria followed Dante and asked.

“Are you okay? You don't seem very confident."

“Something like that happened. But it will be fine. I seem to be at a loss now, but... … .”

Dante said with a smile.

"I'm not so stupid as to not know who's up there."

* * *

“Ho-ho-ho! Running away is a masterpiece! As expected of a student at a prestigious school!”

“Sheesh! shut up!"

At every corner Amy ran, Vivian would jump out of the wall and sneer at her. She's trying her best to find her way, but everywhere she goes, it's in the palm of her hand.

The wall in the direction Amy was running suddenly opened and Ludvans appeared chewing gum.

“Wrath of God.”

When the invisible shock ball was slammed into the ground, a shock wave with electrical and elastic force surged up and lifted Amy's body.

“I see your panties.”

As Amy landed in a somersault, Zocre approached at high speed from the side.

“Speed ​​Gear!”

The movement of the speed gear that controls the inertia from step 1 to step 10 was completely against the laws of physics. When the existing common sense was destroyed, it felt like even time and space were distorted.

Amy hurriedly opened the air shield. Zokre's fireball exploded and pushed her body far away.

'I can't find Vivian at this rate. I have to climb up the wall somehow.'

If it was mid-air, it might be possible to activate the air tunnel and hit Vivian's body directly. However, it was not easy to get such an opportunity against Zokre and the others.

'The ground is blocked by a wall. After all, is sniper mode impossible? I'd rather injure one and tie him down... … .'

Amy shook her head. She was thinking again. The advice she had heard from Dante flashed through her mind.

- You have no style.

'style. My style.'

There is no one way to deal with all situations. Amy focused her thoughts only on sniper mode. At the same time, her eyes flashed. Her key idea was etched into her mind like a flash of lightning.

'perhaps… … No, you can. I can do it.'

After examining the structure of the castle wall, Amy drew an imaginary string by randomly setting points A and B. And he measured the radian value based on the curvature of the castle wall, and then he derived the coordinates of the center of Vivian's body by grafting the three square theorems and trigonometric functions.

'The coordinates are out. But to strike... … .'

It was impossible with only sniper mode. This is because the flame cannot spread in a situation where the walls are blocked on all sides.

But Amy didn't give up. Like Sirone and Dante, he deepened his strategy even more.

'Is it possible. If only it was heavier than air... … .'

Amy's red eyes flashed like electricity.

'I need more, stronger power.'

force. force. force. force. force.

Self-image memory began to clear Amy's distractions, repeating hundreds of backups per second.

Extreme self-censorship.

Her mind was infiltrated for a purpose, unadulterated with one per cent of impurities.

focus on concentration

As if an explosion had occurred in her head, her mental powers multiplied by the square of the product.

One way.

It was a temporary samadhi phenomenon that occurs when you focus on only one thought, not mixed with any distracting thoughts.

'Inferno.'

From under both of Amy's legs, two streams of fire twisted like a twist and rose above her head.

“I-what is that?”

Upon discovering the size of the flames created by Amy, Zokre and his party stopped charging and looked surprised. The gas was so dense that flames dripped like paint.

“That… … .”

Zocre, who majored in fire science, realized what Amy was trying to do.

The fire of a thousand cities that is difficult even for professional wizards to reach.

Judging by the color of the flame, a high fever of at least 1,300 degrees was burning overhead.

"you you… … that… … .”

Zocre and the others did not dare to approach. When the Inferno exploded, everything within its radius would melt.

said Amy, turning toward the castle wall.

"okay. You can't even imitate it.”

Zocre furrowed his brows in puzzlement. It didn't make sense that she was aiming at the wrong place after casting magic to break the situation at best. But Vivian realized right away. Despite his petrified face, his expression of astonishment was clearly visible.

"no! Zocre, stop it!”

Amy raised both hands to support the huge flame.

“Stop! stop it! I intend to attack the body!”

Zocre did not understand Vivian's words. How can you attack the main body when it is blocked by a 30-meter-high barrier?

Amy said with a smile of repentance.

“This is my style.”

She bent her upper body like a bow and swung both hands down while bouncing her waist. The flame of a thousand cities, Inferno, flew over the 30-meter-high barrier and flew into the sky on the other side.

Ludvans muttered with a blank expression.

"howitzer… … .”

A fireball boasting incredible gas density crossed the sky in a parabolic arc.

Although there is a downside that the accuracy rate is low while being able to ignore cover, Amy was able to hit the target point precisely like a machine through self-memory.

"Kyaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!"

Vivian's alter ego screamed and disappeared. If Inferno fell into the center of the labyrinth, she would melt in an instant, unable to move in a petrified state.

Cuckoo coo coo coo!

The walls of the castle, which stretched for a radius of 1 kilometer, collapsed into the ground at the same time, and Vivian, who had been released from petrification, hurriedly left the place, taking over the screams of the alter ego.

When Inferno arrived on the ground and exploded, the ground melted like molten iron. Cloudy, black impurities floated around in the lava that glowed red like nightlight, then quickly cooled in the cold air.

The terrain before and after Inferno's fall was completely different. The ground was grotesquely distorted like a demon's face.

Vivian, who narrowly escaped death, reached Zocre. The maze disappeared, but Amy was nowhere to be seen. Zokre looked around and muttered with an annoyed expression.

"damn! Where are you hiding?”

A loud, dull sound erupted from where Ludvans was. A lit stone hit the back of his head, and he collapsed without even groaning.

---------------------------------------