trigger (4)

A bizarre feeling, like Harvits.

'No, the disgust is much stronger with this child. It's so foreign that it makes my stomach ache.'

It was like seeing a 5-dimensional creature.

'I don't know what it is, but if there is, it must be this feeling. Havitz's feelings become this year.'

Balkan looked back at Natasha.

'Can you catch it?'

Receiving an unspoken signal, Natasha took control of the Wizard's back, performing the dance of a god of death.

'Break your arm.'

But the child had disappeared before he knew it.

'Is it fast?'

No, it's different from that.

Since there are no eyelids, there is no blind spot, but it felt like closing and opening my eyes.

'Blink. That feeling?'

In the inertia of moving at super-high speed, in front of Natasha who had twisted her body.

oh oh oh oh!

It was a sight of a tree-long fetal face sobbing with a long tongue sticking out.

It was a truly terrifying feeling, but that feeling suddenly disappeared along with the shape.

'This is it!'

Stasis of flickering feeling.

'The moment it disappears... …

Just as the world was once closed and then opened, the wizard is in another place before you know it.

'It's annoying.'

Natasha, who felt that a blow was necessary, activated the 'God of Death's martial arts - combat machine'.

Then the free spirit roared again.

Whoo!

'It's a really terrible cacophony.'

Whether time passes quickly or slowly, the movement of the free spirit seems to be the same.

'no. There's another motion within the motion.'

i.e. fractal structure.

When any part of an action is viewed in isolation, the same movement as the whole is repeated.

'This strange vibration dominates the surroundings.'

oh oh oh oh!

Natasha's fist extended as the long tongue slid out of the fetus' face.

“Huh… …

As the sobs broke, the form of the impermanent god permeated the air.

'When it becomes perfectly still.'

At the same time as the dissonance disappears, the world loses exactly one frame.

blink.

After the frame was omitted, the scenery Natasha saw was upside down.

'what?'

I figured out the state with a delicate schema... … .

'Wait around the waist?'

The Wizard, who grabbed Natasha by the waist, pushed the weight with all her might.

“Ughhhhhh;”

As soon as I threw it upside down, Natasha hurriedly raised her arms.

Even though I reduced the shock with the fall method, my body bounced like a ball and was pushed off the casino floor.

bang! bang! bang! bang!

After rolling 20 meters in that state, she squatted and applied the brakes.

“Pooh.”

It was a sigh mixed with admiration.

'That 1 frame is really tricky. Once activated, nothing can be done. Nothing to me.'

oh oh oh oh!

As the impermanent god stuck out her tongue again, Natasha bent her head and her eyes filled with madness.

“The death god’s dance… …

"stop."

Balkan said.

“Stop it now. There is no point in fighting among ourselves.”

“Between us?”

The battle between Natasha and the Wizard was brief, but it was enough. Vulcan turned to Wizard and asked. “Havitz… … Are you dead?” natural enemy.

I don't know who sent it, but it was a combat weapon that responded to all of Havitz's abilities.

Wizard shook his head.

"no."

"why?"

Vulcan knows best what kind of existence Havitz is, but this time he was rather puzzled.

He was a child who felt that way.

“… … Because I am weak.”

Natasha returned to her seat as Sumodo and Jetaro savored the words.

Feeling the eyes of the casino people, Vulcan approached the wizard and asked.

“Do you think we have something to talk about?” By the time Harvitz arrived at the Delta headquarters, it was an hour before midnight.

The fact that he stopped by the casino had already been reported through the intelligence agencies of each country.

The officials looked puzzled.

'What have you been doing? Seeing that Miss Rebecca was unharmed, I think there must have been another reason.'

No one knew about the 6-hour hiatus after he left the casino.

And those 6 hours.

“Quack.”

It completely lifted the spirit of Havitz, who was bored to death every second.

'fun.'

Wena Wizard.

All the creative results she produced in battle thrilled him.

'I don't know what you're thinking. She can't predict a second ahead of her. Who are you?'

I didn't even know how much I was distracted by the wizard and the Delta knights came running.

"hey! Habits! stop!" I didn't use vanishing, but I was suffocating with Havitz's magic alone.

"ah??????

When Habitz, who regained consciousness, turned his head, dozens of knights were lined up.

As Satan's eyes filled with anger, the instincts of the knights screamed.

“Kuh! If you're thinking of fighting... … !”

"sorry."

Havitz, whose anger had disappeared as if he had never done that, said with a smile on his eyes.

“I thought it was the Kashan sector.”

Vanishing would be comfortable, but he didn't want to offend Uorin anymore.

“Be careful in the future.”

Since there were no knights who wanted to engage in a head-to-head confrontation, the situation ended in vain.

Harbitz went straight to Uorin.

"hey! Where have you been!"

As soon as I opened the door, I heard a tearing voice, but the sound of my heart was different.

Harvits said with a laugh.

"congratulations. It's been a while since I hit the jackpot. Will a full-scale assassination war begin?”

Wu Lin sighed.

“Where have you been?”

"just… … to get some air something to worry about

What is it? I will come to you when you need me.”

It would certainly be the case with Satan's law, but this time I wasn't sure.

'I feel different from before.'

Now that future vision is blocked, the Havitz she feels is not just chaos.

"anyway."

Time was running out.

“I know everything, so I’ll pass the explanation. Can you strengthen the flesh that the Moon Kingdom put all their heart and soul into?”

“It is possible. Because the system control branch of the Chemical Corporation controls karma. But the psychic realm is closed. You'll have to send Shi-ok to take care of things.”

“So please. One hour left until midnight. Can you match?” She knew how dangerous it was to use the expression "favor" to Satan.

“Okay, I’ll do it.”

Surprisingly, however, Havitz did not show any interest and readily agreed.

“I have a favor to ask of you too.”

"huh?"

Uorin blinked.

Like Under Coder and High Gear, the time of Apocalypse was also different from reality.

“Mining. It's a tough job.”

I had already been mining for over 15 days, but it was difficult to find meaningful information.

Marsha said.

“It’s still okay. Finding keywords from a specific time period is like digging for fossils. If you just find the case of that regiment, the information will come out in bulk.” The operator rested his chin.

“Hmm, it would be nice to find a place where various regiments are piled up. Maybe a museum, a government archive, or a database equivalent to it.” Number Seven said.

“The problem is that you can't see because of Youcus. The air layer has not come out for 17 hours already.”

The mining team aboard the super-large excavator 'Extra' looked at the screen on the cockpit.

Only the sight of the laser drill digging out Yucus was repeated endlessly.

The operator grumbled in frustration.

“Isn’t the aircraft too slow?”

"Are you kidding me? Do you think it's easy to go 40km/h digging up stone? They say it's made of Titan alloy specially made by Metal Genome. The engine... …

“It’s creepy, so please stop. After all, they are all fictitious companies created by my older brother.”

Number Seven pursed his lips.

“Sheesh! This kind of reality becomes the motive for creating luxury goods. Without even knowing... …

After 30 minutes of small talk, the extra's aircraft vibrated violently.

"what?"

“The pace of progress has increased. Resistance is weakening. I think it will break through soon.”

While everyone's eyes were focused on the screen, the stuffy limescale suddenly disappeared.

“It’s out!”

After a while, the tremendous gravitational acceleration pulled the extras down.

“Aaaaaa! Aaaaaa!”

I had already experienced the same situation several times, but it was a fear of not being able to adapt.

"Wait."

Sirone went outside and grabbed the extra's aircraft with the Hand of God.

“Whew.”

Looking down in that state, I saw a small village containing a military installation.

'It's a government agency.'

With her eyes shining, Sirone flew in front of the large spire and landed the extras.

“It looks like a monument of some kind.”

The mining team with their equipment searched the area and returned.

“This is a war veterans monument. The body seems to have been put somewhere else, but this is where your belongings will be. Let’s take a look in case you don’t know.”

Opening the iron gates installed in the ground, the mining team descended into a basement with thousands of ledges.

Sirone looked at it randomly.

'Identification line. family photo. note.

diary… …

His gaze, which had been slowly scanning the items on the shelf, was fixed on one spot.

"huh'?"

It was a toy pyramid.

After looking left and right in the hallway for a while, Sirone pulled out a pyramid the size of her hand.

The inside was empty and light, but the paper moved around when I swung it up and down.

'Note.'

When I opened the lid on the bottom and unfolded the folded paper twice, there were precise pupils.

“Exhibition view… …

God's all-seeing eye.

When I brought the note to the top of the pyramid, the line fit perfectly.

“Sirone! here!"

Hearing Marsha's voice, Sirone took the pyramid and ran to it.

"What happen?"

"I found it."

What Marsha was holding was a thick, moldy book.

'Ancient Witchcraft Guide.'

Sirone deciphered with Ultima, but Marsha referred to pictures rather than words.

“I took a quick glance, and suddenly this… …

On the page she opened, she saw the temple mark and the flags of the 12 participating countries.

‘The magic of the Moon Kingdom, death. It is believed to have been used in the assassination of royalty. At that time, the deceased was... …

Sirone immediately closed the book.

“What time is it in reality?”

The chimes announcing midnight.

Pious sound waves ride through the night to the capital

If it spreads, the lights will go out in every house.

“Quaaaaaaaaa!”

In a cave four kilometers away, that was the sound of waking a ghost.

"majesty! Avoid!”

With the essence of resentment that even tore the barrier, the magician took Moonryong and retreated toward the entrance.

"Unbelievable… …

The vision of a woman scratching her face with her nails flashed like electricity.

The shaman ran around.

“O grievous soul! O ghost that wanders the nine heavens! I need to release Han. I have to let go of that resentment!”

The ghost glared at the picture of the kings that had fallen to the floor and screamed in anguish.

“I will kill you! I'll kill them all! All living things, I kill them all!”

'How can you be so clear? This… … You're gross.'

The fortune teller's face was pale, but the cloud dragon did not raise an eyebrow.

“What are you doing? shoot.”

Just like that, the trigger was pulled, and the magicians cut the last barrier with their long swords.

"good! Go! your sorrow... … Wow! Resentful Han... … ! Ugh, uhhhh ah!”

As soon as the bloody shaman collapsed, something like white frost flew through the entrance.

"joy!"

Moonryong is a ghost flying towards him.

He looked straight into his face and said.

“I am the king.”

AA AA AA… … .

The essence of resentment that escaped the cave is nostalgic

It became a scream and embroidered the night sky.

Dang. Dang. Dang.

Twelve bells rang.