Law War (3)

The 230th floor of the Ivory Tower.

No one could move.

Tae-sung was captured by Sing, who was trying to prevent Yin-Ji and Yang-Ji from twisting their fates.

“Whoa.”

Laska, who guided Sirone to this place, regained her sanity and slowly stood up.

Thing's eyebrows twitched.

'damn.'

Laska was the only variable in the state where the balance of power was precisely engaged.

“Well then, what now?”

Laska smiled and approached them.

Yinji shed tears.

“Now we are all ruined. That thief will kill us. I'd break his fingers first. Then, tearing my body apart... …

Laska's nickname was The Butcher.

"joy! If you want to do it, tell me to do it. It's because he's holding on to Taeseong. If you turn the target, you'll find a guy like that in no time. I’ll give you the harpoon in one second and catch Taeseong again.”

Yangji spoke bravely, but Singh's thoughts were closer to the negative.

'I can't miss Taeseong. Even if I die, I have to keep it in this place.'

Taeseong turned his gaze to Laska.

'Release me.'

Even if he didn't say anything, he belonged to Sirone's clique and would make the right decision.

'sister.'

Laska remembered Minerva's words.

“Is Thing right?”

The Human Security Enforcement Department decided to follow Sirone, but her words were shocking.

"okay. Taeseong is a manager who is connected to the outside world. There's nothing wrong with being careful as long as she doesn't know her true intentions. Thing knows. She's playing the villain.”

“Then why don’t you join Sing’s faction?” Minerva was silent.

“Is it because of Sirone?”

“We are the ones who have confused the world. I don't think I'm qualified to comment on this judgment.”

“Sheesh, who said what? So what do you really want to do? You can do that.”

“I just… …

Minerva turned to Laska.

“I hope that the world Sirone wants will come. I hope nobody gets hurt.”

'Uselessly soft-hearted.'

Turning around, Laska walked to the outer wall and put her palm on the window.

When the metal magic was cast, a grinding sound was heard and the hole was cleanly drilled.

Tae-seong said with a puzzled expression.

“Lasca.”

“I'm sorry, but I don't want to be involved in this situation. To be honest, I have no idea what you are talking about.”

Minerva was worried.

“Don't worry, I will stop the demons. Let’s play house together here.”

As he stared at the blizzard's curtain, he jumped out with a steel roar.

“Lasca!”

Taeseong called, but all that came back was a sharp pongong sound that cut through the wind.

Sirone quickly descended the tower.

After Borbor's death, the inhabitants of the Ivory Tower who followed Singh did not appear.

'Memorial.'

It was their own tribute.

-Baal has risen to the 80th floor. The cumulative death toll is 764.

Sirone gritted his teeth at Mika's words.

Even if they didn't wear a star, there were many world-class powerhouses among the inhabitants of the Ivory Tower.

'I'm being helpless.' A jingle, the clear sound of a bell that makes it impossible to guess the distance is heard in my ears like an auditory hallucination.

lied

“Landscapes.”

Since it was probably unavoidable, Cirone held out the Hand of God.

The entire 112th floor was engulfed in the storm, and artificial trees were uprooted and blown away.

The wind died down, and a man in a white coat appeared at the entrance downstairs.

“Mr. Arte.”

Arte, a 3-star resident of the Ministry of Balance, sat on the shoulder of the satellite Tokei.

“I don’t have time for this. Baal is coming up slaughtering the inhabitants of the Ivory Tower.”

"I know."

Sirone pulled out her secret weapon.

“Borbor is… …

"i know. I heard from Mr. Tanjura. He said he just asked for Oh Dae-seong to be sent.”

Arte lowered the fan and said coldly.

“If she asked for death, I could bend my subjectivity for a few hours.”

The expression on Tokei's face, resembling a fire ant, became sad.

“He was a good person even to me, a demon. But to leave like this.”

Sirone asked.

“Then why did you stop me? Residents are dying even at this moment.”

"like… … The Five Stars seem to say that they will not die from the sword of Baal.”

"yes?"

“The reason I blocked it is because if you go down like this, you will be killed.” Of course, I know the strength of Baal.

'Hell's army.'

Also, being the commander of the 1st Corps means being the strongest being in the world behind the scenes.

“I could die. But you have no choice but to fight. You can't run away.”

"no. We must run away.”

Tokay said.

“Sirone, I'm sure no one has a win rate over 50% against you, but this time it's different. I forgot to mention that I have to think of Baal’s Pandemonium.”

“Deadly Cross.”

Arte said.

“Baal's power is the strongest in Hell. But it doesn't end there. If Oh Dae-seong tries to annihilate him, he will definitely open up the Pandemonium.”

The result was a meteorite impact, the power to end human history in an instant.

“But they are not weak enough to take time against. You must be prepared for the Demon Realm.”

“Do you have any plans in mind?”

A woman's voice was heard.

“I will explain.”

When Sirone turned around, a woman with concentric pupils was walking towards her.

It's the first time they've actually met face-to-face, but if they had the remote sight equipped, there was only one person in the Ivory Tower.

“Mr. Pipa.”

He was the weapon systems supervisor of the Ivory Tower.

“I saw Baal fight firsthand. Devil's ability, lecture. There are no absolutes in battle, but even the stars of the ivory tower are not easy opponents.”

Sirone meekly agreed.

'The lecture... …

It is a kind of divine transcendence.

The will to cut is projected onto the sword as it is, and theoretically there is no limit.

'Originally, the hidden code provides a level of logic-destroying convenience to the demons, but... …

Baal is different.

'This is not a cheat. Rather, it is the strongest ability because there is a great will.'

That's a real inspector.

Regardless of the level of ability, this was the reason Sirone evaluated Baal as a strong enemy.

The pipa continued the explanation.

“Baal has been killing all the residents since the first floor. Because if you reach the top in that way, it's considered that you've destroyed the Ivory Tower.”

The simple judgment was like a prosecutor.

“Thanks for taking the time. The core of the strategy is the 99th floor. This is the power engine room inside the ivory tower.”

The pipa pointed down.

“It has 3,200 large 68-ton batteries. This is the electricity used for the environmental circulation system from the 100th floor to the 199th floor. We intend to create a strong magnetic field by inverting this system.”

Sirone put on a tired expression.

“There is no way the tower will be fine. It’s like a railgun that fires 68-ton bullets.”

"that's right. The top shouldn't be fine. Because I intend to blow up the 99th floor.”

“If you reinforce the magnetic field, 3,200 batteries will bounce 360 ​​degrees forward at the same time. pop! Even Baal will fly away. If more than 72 percent of the outer walls of the 99th floor are lost, the upper towers will come down under the load. The 28 percent resistance will dampen the vibration at the moment of impact. thud. That's how the 100th floor is exactly plugged into the 98th floor. woo woo woo ”

The pipa, which had taken a tower-down posture, spread its arms waving its ten fingers.

Seeing that, Sirone realized. 'Aren't you crazy?'

If the calculations were even slightly wrong, the tower would tip over and crash into the ground.

“You can kill Baal, but you can't leave him alone. Then the best thing is to blow it out. That's a clear answer.”

'I wondered where I saw it.'

I felt a sense of déjà vu from the way she spat out absurd words very calmly.

“The gear mark.”

High Gear's tutorial manager, Bipa, pursed her lips.

“I’m not particularly interested in reality, but it makes me feel bad when my house is blown up.”

Arte intervened.

“How long will that take?”

“It takes at least 30 minutes. Because you have to hack the main system. Please stop Baal from rising up in it. As far away as possible.” Sirone opened her mouth.

“Mika.”

-Baal's current location is on the 82nd floor. As Tanjura evacuates the residents, it is estimated that the movement speed will increase. The location that can be blocked in the least amount of time is the 86th floor.

It's the 86th floor.

'Then there are 13 floors left.'

Sirone said.

“I will leave now. I will block Baal for 30 minutes, so please make the operation a success.”

please don't be crazy

As the flash of teleportation passed through the floor, Arte turned to the pipa and asked.

“I’m just asking out of curiosity, which one is it? Thing? Or sirone?”

"of course… …

Pipa just smiled.

A single flash descended in a spiral along the outer wall of the ivory tower.

Upon arriving on the 86th floor, a swordsman with a purple longsword appeared from the opposite entrance.

'Baal.'

With his black hair hanging down to his shoulders, he looked more beautiful than a human.

“Yahweh.”

The word abomination was not spoken.

“Don't get in my way. At Satan's command, I will erase the Ivory Tower from the world.”

“Why are you in the ivory tower right now?” Even Baal cannot read Satan's will, but one thing was clear.

“Evil is defined by intellect.”

If intelligence doesn't exist, evil is just pure chaos.

“We are not a disaster, Yahweh.”

Let Baal radiate purple energy

All the plants on the 86th floor began to twist.

'This is the main course of the lecture.'

At the same time that energy was absorbed into the sword, Baal swung his sword at Sirone.

It was a movement that seemed rather slow because it was so fast, and Sirone was hit with a hexa.

'Hand of God!'

As the two energies collided, the 86th floor, from which residents escaped, was devastated. Golden flashes spread, and between them purple flashes passed like a spider's web.

' fast.'

It is ironic that the pinnacle of the hidden code beyond logic resembles divine transcendence.

'Baal is real.'

The power comparable to Lian's blow lifted Sirone, who was engulfed in the Miracle Stream.

bang! bang! bang!

Each time it passed through the ceiling, a count was counted in Sirone's head.

'87th floor. 88th floor. The 89th floor.'

Fearing that she would be pushed all the way to the 99th floor if she lost her mind, Sirone applied the brakes.

'I'm already six floors behind.'

Stopped on the 92nd floor, Sirone raised her Hand of God and cast a Photon Cannon.

The moment when Baal's figure was captured through the gap that had come through.

'There it is.'

The photon cannon pierced a huge hole in the center of the floor as it slammed down vertically.

Baal raised the energy of the lecture with all his might.

“Great!”

91st floor, 90th floor, 89th floor, 88th floor??????.

“Yaaaa!”

As the purple flash drew vertically, the photon cannon split in two and scattered.

“Pooh!”

Taking a deep breath, Baal looked back toward the entrance and confirmed the floor he was on.

85th floor.

"Yahweh… …

The devil finally appeared on his face.