rain (3)

“Terraforce existed before humans and achieved a civilization superior to them.”

As the Supreme Court judge walked around the Temple of Earth, Taeseong followed him with his gaze.

“I have endlessly explored the nature of the world. Where is the end, where is the beginning. Does such a thing actually exist? Our conclusion is... …

The justice of the Supreme Court stopped walking and turned to Taeseong

saw.

“This world is electricity.” It's true, but Taeseong couldn't say anything.

“And we already have electricity. The hypothesis that can be derived from that rumination is... …

The judge's finger went up.

“Somewhere electricity was supplied and the universe was born. Just like we power a machine.”

The judge turned around with his hands behind his back.

“Before that? there's nothing. only nothing It has no existence or reason to exist.”

is called the off state.

“We were worried. Then why was this world born? What is it for?”

dug endlessly

“So what I found was the Akashic Records. It was the existence of the cosmic database, Ankera.”

by that definition.

“Anke Ra, who dreams of space, cannot criticize himself. Because the moment you realize your dream, it's not a dream. Therefore, he considers himself unique, and he cannot have any doubts that he was created by someone else.”

"But I'm starting to doubt it."

"Yes. The result of Gaia, who broke the Akashic Records and left the photon field, threw him into a contradiction.”

It was an incident that cracked the uniqueness of Ankera.

“Why did Ankera get absorbed by Nane?”

The judge who asked the question responded directly.

“Because Gaia's blood flows in humans. The departure of Gaia means that this place, which is the end for us, is not the end for humans.”

“A world made for man.”

“Or a man-made world. In fact, humans are gods, and we have borrowed that concept to this world.”

It was a sick home for everyone except humans.

“Terraforce accepted. It was surprisingly easy. Rather, a new role has been assigned to us who passed through the technical singularity and everything was meaningless.”

Although this may have already been designed.

“Terraforce dug into the reason for its existence. And as the judge of the universe, he came to the conclusion that he was promoting the stability of the world. Like a broken soft system, for example.”

Taeseong turned his eyes to the screen on the ground.

“Sending an ark to save humans is in the same vein.”

Now, in the Gustav Empire, all living things except humans were extinct.

“Human beings have a unique code. Of course, it transforms in real time, but Terra Force's ability to gather information is the best in the universe. As long as they are trapped in the magnetic shield, they will be safe.”

Tae-seong asked what he was curious about.

“What about Guy? Why wasn't it protected by the shield? Is it because he has reached Idea?”

The judge shook his head.

“I said that humans have a unique code. It's a temporary code. But Idea is different. Perfect user code that never changes. Among the current survivors, Lian is the only one with that code.”

Lian was protected by a magnetic shield.

“Then what about Gai?”

“The activation condition of the magnetic shield is the inner sound generated by a specific code. Guy is... …

The judge raised his head and said.

“I didn’t want to.”

“I didn’t want… …

"well. It is difficult to express emotions verbally. However, unlike other codes, he no longer had any desire for life. That's all.” "artist… … Are you free?”

Shirone, who was brooding over Gai's words, clenched her fists.

“Can it be? Think of what you've done to humans! So many innocent people have died! Seongeum must wander in hell forever! why! Why did you lie!”

Even though Gai died, Shiok did not appear.

“I met Lian before I fought you.

all."

Sirone's shoulders twitched.

If this situation is real, not a dream, Sirone killed Lian's older brother.

“When I was immature, I thought I was wrong, but today I see that I have really grown up. It's because you're stronger than me.”

“Lian is different from people like you.”

Sirone tried hard to separate Lian and Gai.

"haha."

Guy admitted with a laugh.

A warm feeling passed through his eyes as he rested his chin on his chin and thought for a moment.

Ryan's back came to mind.

“… … I thought I could do anything to become strong. Right or wrong didn’t matter.”

Gai opened his arms as if asking for consent.

“Honestly, isn’t it? In the end, whoever wins is right. I thought that if you were really strong, things like moral conscience and justice would have nothing to do with it.”

Like a will, Sirone couldn't stop talking.

“Live with responsibility… … I finally understood Ryan's words.

“I can't live like that. The moment I saw what was being carried on the youngest bastard's shoulders, I got sick of it. How do you live like that?”

That's why he ran away, but there was something he had to say through Sirone.

“The strong one is Lian.”

The person who can take on the most responsibility is the strongest.

“I said it was a friend. Please take good care of your brother in the future.”

“… … what are you doing?"

Sirone gritted his teeth.

"What's the difference if I say something like that now! Stop pretending to be family all of a sudden! Do you think I will forgive you? You are a murderer!”

It should be a dream.

“The dead! What to do with the lives of those who were sacrificed for no reason! If you die... …

Guy shouldn't die.

“How am I going to explain it to Lian!”

Guy smiled brightly.

“No need to explain. Leave it all to that idiot. Tell them to take responsibility.”

"That's what a big brother would say!"

“He is a strong man.”

Guy closed his eyes.

"That's the article."

I wanted to be like Ryan.

As the light connected to Gai faded little by little, Sirone's face turned pale.

"wait! If it goes like this... …

Finally, the light disappeared, and Gai's body turned hazy and began to be buried in darkness.

eternal extinction.

“No eh eh eh!”

Sirone hurriedly held out his hand, but no signal reached his senses.

Kurrrrr.

The black clouds that filled the sky began to turn gray and finally became transparent.

“Rain, rain… …

When the people sheltered by the shield raised their heads, they saw a huge ship floating in the clear sky.

“Sirone.”

Lian immediately swung his great sword at the dome.

A tremendous roar erupted, but the dome did not break, and shockwaves hurled through the narrow space.

“Great!”

The reason it can't be easily destroyed is because this state of Dea is also a kind of electrical signal.

“Yaaaaa!”

Lian swung his sword in succession, not caring about the destruction of his body.

'Sirone! Sirone!'

For some reason, the heavy rain that destroyed the world poured down, Lian did not understand.

However, when a phenomenon similar to this cataclysm occurred, Sirone was always present.

'wait!'

Woo woo woo!

When the big sword struck the dome with vibrations, the magnetic shield finally shattered with a tremendous explosion.

“The Hexa program has ended.” The faces of the Terraforce race are not suitable for showing emotions, but the Supreme Court Justice was clearly confused.

“What happened?”

Taeseong's eyes widened as he looked at the ground.

“Sirone is… …

The hexa particles reflected on the screen gathered densely and were restored to Sirone's body.

“Impossible. You cannot find your body again in a state that has already turned into a signal.”

According to Terraforce's theory, there is no creation code.

"no."

The judge shook his head.

"is it. Idea is... …

“Sirone is back!”

Taeseong let out an exclamation of joy, but the Supreme Court Justice's expression was unexpectedly serious.

“Isn’t it over yet?”

“What about the ark?”

“I’m going to take it. Selection will also be cancelled. However, I don’t know if this situation is good or bad.”

The Supreme Court Justice's words were quite meaningful, but Taeseong turned to the screen and smiled.

"thank you."

That was the only thing that could be said to Sirone, who was waiting in excruciating pain.

"uh?"

In Sirone's mind, which came to his senses, the events of the past passed like a dream memory.

"wound??????

Examining his chest, the spot that had been pierced by Gai's sword had completely healed.

But what was even more foreign than that was that the anger that had been growing without knowing the limit had disappeared.

“Where are you?” As if on a completely different planet, all that caught Sirone's eyes was the endless horizon.

“Everything is gone.”

Guy had said it.

Do you know what you've done?

"no."

We don't know what kind of disaster Yahweh's anger brought upon the world, but one thing was clear.

What Guy said was true.

“I, I… …

Sirone, weakly on her knees, searched for Gai's corpse with no trace left.

“I can’t do this. It can't be like this... …

You said it wasn't a dream?

“I killed them all. People, Ryan's brother, all living things... … Animals and plants literally did not have a single blade of grass left.

“Sirone!”

Sirone's head jumped up at Lian's voice.

“Lian??????

Rian, who came running in an instant, grabbed Sirone by the shoulder and examined her body.

"are you okay? What happened?"

“Lian, you… … You are safe.”

“People are fine. A shield that I don't know what is unfolding. It’s probably that flying object.”

While Sirone watched the ship receding, Lian briefly recounted what had happened.

“It rained light...

I couldn't see it with my own eyes, but it was a phenomenon that I created, so just imagining it was terrifying.

'I tried to destroy the world.' Ryan rubbed his shoulder.

"are you okay. Anyway, we're all right. The demons were also wiped out. let's go back I need to find my brother.”

Sirone's heart sank.

“Probably my older brother was also protected by a shield. Sheesh, you should have listened to me when you asked me to go with you.”

“Lian… …

Lian, who couldn't hear Sirone's voice, kept looking around to find Gai.

“Did you run away already? Even if you get injured... …

“Lian!”

Sirone, unable to watch Lian worry about his brother, raised his head and shouted.

"what's the matter? Your face is pale.” Sirone opened his mouth.

What came to my mind when my head turned white was self-destructive language.

“I killed him.”

"huh?"

“I killed Guy.”

Ryan's eyes calmed down.

"I don't know. It looks like a dream, but no, it's not a dream. I think Guy saved me. So I... …

“Sirone.”

As Lian approached, speaking in a subdued voice, Sirone cried out.

“Rian! I want your family... … !”

Lian hugged Sirone with his broad shoulders.

"are you okay."

It was even more frightening to know that it was sincere.

“You just need to be alive. It doesn't matter who you killed, as long as you're safe. I'll take care of everything.”

Tears ran down Sirone's cheeks.

“I am very tired. You fought non-stop take a little rest You will feel refreshed after taking a deep breath.”

Lian is a child with a lot of affection, so there's no way he'll be okay.

'I'm going to shoulder that.'

Sirone's consciousness, which had no choice but to lean on Rian even with her soul, began to drift away.

At the end of it, Guy's words suddenly came to mind.

'Magyeni, Yahweh's anger... …

The strongest is Lian.