[87] Group (3)

Arin has been starving for three days. Also, because she starved for 3 days, Canis hadn't eaten anything for 20 days.

'omg! omg! I did it! I got it! I got bread!'

Kanis frantically ran down the alley. After he had eluded his pursuer, he leaned against the wall and exhaled.

My consciousness was clouded and all I could feel was an empty stomach. I can't even remember how hungry I was.

A piece of bread caught my eye at that moment. 

Canis gulped down her saliva with eyes stained with madness.

I want to eat. I want to put this in my mouth.

'Yes, I have to work hard for Arin to live. You can eat this much. Arin will be able to hold out for a few more days.'

When I thought about it, it seemed like a really great idea.

Could it be more reasonable than this? Once they eat this, they use their surplus energy to seek food again. Then it will be.

Kanis opened her chin and brought the bread to her mouth. Dried saliva leaked out like a flood, and his hands trembled.

“Keugh!”

Canis closed her eyes and put the bread into her arms. It was all lies. What kind of stamina can you get with just this bread?

'You have to hold on. It doesn't matter if your body is broken. But if the mind collapses, it's over.'

Canis looked around like a crazy person. He was thinking of stuffing his stomach with a stone.

He crawled towards the feces someone had thrown at the entrance of the alley. And before he could think of anything, he reached out and stuffed his hand into his mouth.

“Wow! Whoa!”

In the tongue, in the mouth, in the stomach, the whole body was rejecting it. But Canis swallowed it.

better than stone

Poop was better than stone.

After wrestling with her stomach for a long time, Canis returned to her hiding place with a weak gait. She was still upset, but as soon as she saw Arin, she held out the bread with a bright expression.

“Arin, voila! I got this.”

“Oh, is it real? Wow, that's great.”

“Haha, I know the trick. More will be available in the future. Eat quickly.”

Arin looked at the bread with sad eyes. She wanted to go out to find food together, but she was suicidal to go outside as a woman in Radum.

I had never talked to anyone but Canis. Thanks to this, I developed an antisocial disorder, but would that be a big deal? At least she didn't become someone's food and go into the stomach.

“Let’s eat canis too.”

“I’m done. I walked around and ate this and that. There was a big centipede earlier, so I took some nutrition. You can't eat that, so you should eat this."

“I can eat too. How long are you going to treat me like a child?”

Canis grabbed Arin's shoulder with a friendly look.

“Arin, I know. Because you are a courageous child But it shouldn't be like that. Do you know what I mean? The reason I can survive in this hellish Radum is because I can feed you like a human. If you become like me, you might go crazy. So go ahead and eat.”

It's something I've heard dozens of times. And whenever she said this, it was Arin who always bit the bread pretending not to win.

But this time it was different. 

Arin looked at Canis' mouth with trembling eyes. Something was on it, and it smelled.

“Kanis, you… … what did you eat?"

Kanis was embarrassed like never before.

"uh? Ahaha! this is a cake The cream fell off and I licked it, but it must have been spilled. Sorry for not talking. I'm so hungry... … !”

match!

Canis' face turned fierce. She was beaten countless times by things in her back alley, but it was the first time in my life that I had been slapped so painfully.

“Ah, Arin… … .”

Arin was making a scary expression that Kanis had never seen before.

“Bad baby… … . How could you do this to me! am i cattle? are you breeding me? You want me to eat this? What the hell am I to you!”

“Arin, it’s not like that! This is my punishment! It has nothing to do with you!”

“I don’t need anything! I don't need anything like this!”

Arin picked up the bread and threw it away. Looking at the bread rolling in the dust, Kanis turned her head away with an angry expression.

"scale! What are you doing! how did i get this... … !”

Arin pulled Kanis' face and kissed him. Tears streamed from her eyes as she licked what was on her lips.

It's not a sweet kiss. It wasn't even a beautiful exchange of emotions between humans. Just being born was an act of sympathy between two creatures, sinful in themselves.

Canis only then realized what she had eaten. Tears flowed for the first time since he was born. The sadness he had endured all his life burst out at once.

“Huh! Whoa!”

“Don't do that again. Just one more time and I can't be with you anymore.”

“I’m sorry, Arin. Do not leave. you are my only family It’s all the reason I live.”

"okay. Let's live, Canis. We must live.”

Canis, filled with sadness, could not even answer and nodded in succession. But Arin did not forgive him. That day, until Canis ate an entire piece of bread that fell on the floor.

Kanis calmly talked about her past as if she were reciting someone else's life.

“We lived in hell. But Master saved us there. He gave me something to eat, gave me the strength to protect Arin, and even gave me Harvest, the essence of dark magic.”

People's eyes turned to Harvest. Normally, it was a talkative magical creature, but this time, it kept its silence.

"okay."

Sirone said.

“What kind of life have you lived? But that doesn't justify killing people. Just because you lived harder than others doesn’t mean that bad things become right things.”

“Don’t get me wrong. I'm not defending you, I'm trying to teach you. How thin the justice you believe in, how pretentious the world you live in. What saved Arin and me wasn't the proud justice you speak of. I am just doing what I believe in.”

“There is nothing to be gained by hurting people. Your past will never be comforted unless you first try to understand the other person.”

“Kick! consolation? You're just talking nonsense to the end. Can you tell me the current situation? Master is going to destroy this whole school. It includes your friends.”

"no. you can't hurt anyone other than yourself.”

As Sirone floated the photon on her hand, Harvest spread her wide palm to cover Canis' front. But as if that wasn't enough, she reached out to his arm on the other side and wrapped it around Kanis.

“What are you doing, Harvey? There is no need to be so frightened.”

"Dangerous. The temperament is strange.”

Canis snorted. The fight in the forest already confirmed Sirone's skills. It was a good wood for a magic school student, but even so, it was just a flower in the greenhouse.

"joy. Anyway for me... … .”

Canis' expression went blank. The photon cannon floating on the palm was vibrating at a terrifying speed. More powerful than the Photon Cannon cast in the forest. However, the degree of his injury was serious to see that he hid his skills.

'What happened? With this ability... … .'

Canis and Harvest's analysis is largely correct. However, there was a fact that even they overlooked, and that was that Sirone was an Unlocker who opened the infinite realm.

“This is your last chance. Release the mind control.”

Kanis frowned. The fact that he could no longer look down on Sirone hurt his pride.

“Sounds funny. Even if I die, I will follow Master's will. You cannot break my convictions.”

Sirone's eyes turned cold. The power of the Photon Cannon, reinforced by the power of Immortal Function, was on a different level than before.

I don't want to kill people But if Kanis was going to hurt the students, he didn't have a choice either.

“Return everyone’s memories. Otherwise... … .”

The photon cannon emitted light as if it were exploding, and then turned into a sphere of cold white light.

“I can’t help but hurt you.”

* * *

The forehead of Sade, who was casting the photonization magic on Alpheas's head, was already wet with cold sweat. Viltor Arcane. Although he is an annoying person, the power of the magic he cast was beyond imagination.

'Whoa. Such powerful mind control. This would work in this day and age, right?'

At first I thought it was easy. No matter how much he was given the title of Archmage, 40 years had passed. Magic evolved several generations and dark magic was weeded out.

However, Abyss Nova was so complex that even THAAD, the beneficiary of advanced magic, could not analyze it.

After 20 minutes, I finally felt the energy of light penetrating into the core of darkness. From then on, Sade pushed the light with the best mental strength. The curtain of darkness lifted, and Alpheas' memories began to unfold brilliantly along the flow of light.

* * *

40 years ago. capital Baska.

An unprecedented magic frenzy blew in Tormia Kingdom. The 12th King, Adolf XII, was full of intelligence and a benevolent personality, unlike his predecessors who worshiped military force.

After ascending the throne, he made the magic department, which had been limited to military affairs, independent and attracted numerous talents.

Local as well as talented people from other countries came to Baska to study, and thanks to this, the streets of the capital were overflowing with voices of intelligence every day.

It was a daily scene for green wizards who graduated from magic school to gather in a bar in broad daylight and discuss.

Gypsy-style outfits with primary colors emphasized were in vogue.

For women, hair short enough to reveal the neckline was a symbol of intelligence. The men's hair, on the other hand, was long to the waist.

At the tavern, a faction was formed due to academic clashes, and it was not uncommon for them to be dragged away by the guards after engaging in a fist fight.

The most famous tavern in Baska was the 'Home of the Old Gods', a local bar.

Over 200 tables in a huge hall. People often went up to the central podium and preached magical views.

All kinds of voices gathered and the topics of conversation were diverse. 

It was the hometown of the ancient gods, where magic disputes were the main focus, but gossip among the nobility was also created in real time.

It was a time of romance.

Alpheas remembered the golden days of his youth like that.

“Oh my, boys! come, come! Alpheas is coming!”

When a woman made a fuss at the entrance of the bar, the women at the table turned to the door with a crackling sound.

“Hello, ladies! It’s noisy here today too!”

Alfeas, a pretty young man with blonde hair up to his waist, has entered the hometown of the ancient gods. A young man with half-shaved hair, which was out of fashion, accompanied him next to him. It was Rihanna's grandfather, Ogent Klumph.

There was no way that the swordsman Clump had cast invisibility magic, but the women treated him as an invisible man and clung to Alfeas.

“Wait, Alpheas-nim! What magic are you going to teach me today?”

“You have to moisten it from the neck first. My tongue hardens quickly if it is not wet.”

“Knock-knock! kid is funny Alpheas is really fun.”

Today's students would jeer at him, but at the time, Alpheas was a popular person who could say anything.

He was a son of a first-class family, a brilliant graduate who graduated from a magic school, and he had a handsome appearance and sophistication, so wouldn't there be a woman in the world who would hate him?

On the other hand, the men looked at Alpheas with disapproval. Even people who weren't narrow-minded enough to be jealous of others didn't look good when they criticized Alpheas, so I could see how much resentment he was getting from men.

The light of the Mirhi family.

It was an official title for Alpheas at the time, but his nickname was different among those who knew him.

Arrogant Alpheas.

---------------------------------------