What is God (1)

Woorin.

“Haaaaa!”

I couldn't contain my excitement when I saw Cirone flying alone to Dr. Martin.

' ah??????

sirone, sirone.

'You are mine.'

Sirone's failure in High Gear will definitely put Wu Lin in an advantageous position.

'Where is love like that?'

Shirone, rushing towards the strongest enemy, was the figure she loved with all her heart.

'this??????

She was embarrassed to be able to feel even a little bit of her condition in reality.

It wasn't that I was overly excited, but it was such a sweet feeling that even such a mistake was comforting.

'Sirone. You will come to me.' Uorin's feelings were closer to pleasure than emotion, but other users had different feelings.

'Are you going to fight more?' Looking at Dr. Martin's aircraft floating at high altitude, it was courageous enough to be reckless.

Durability is 140 billion.

Even those who could not fathom the size of the numbers could feel the super shape of the Real Martin.

'A terrible tragedy.'

Maybe that's the title.

What is clear is that it is by no means a form that a particular person can imagine alone.

Chiyiying!

Pupils protruded from the center of the gigantic machine, in which strange things were intertwined.

“Why eh eh.”

obvious mechanical sound.

But it seemed like it contained emotion, so those who heard it gave goosebumps.

“Isn’t the result coming out?”

Users trapped inside the infected aircraft became suspicious of Dr. Martin's words.

'What do you mean by that?'

Even communication was impossible, so it was impossible to share opinions, but the sense of incongruity was conveyed the same.

'That's not a dialogue, it's a system message. Anything that has nothing to do with the episode... … It was as if the main character of a play suddenly turned to the audience and said the ticket price.

'It's an error.'

The operator had a hunch.

'As the system was destroyed, the algorithm change exceeded the threshold. Even Number Seven couldn't have predicted this far.'

So what is the result?

'Dr. Martin's goal is to end the world. In other words, the probability is not properly captured... …

Her gaze turned to Yahweh2.

'It's not over.'

It meant that the odds calculated by Dr. Martin were not accurately counted.

No matter how many times you evolve, no matter how many times you increase the number to the point of destroying the system, the end will not come.

'how?'

The operator shuddered.

'Am I still able to fight?'

She thought about the existence of a great force pushing Yahweh2's back.

It was sacred and reverent, but it felt a much heavier responsibility than that.

' know.'

A reason to fight.

'Because no one can fight without you. Because we all gave in.'

Even if you ask anyone in this world, he wouldn't want to shoulder the burden that Yahweh 2 is carrying now.

Sirone gritted his teeth.

“Big!”

There was a clear sense of deja vu in his head as he shot the air god and soared vertically.

'It's not God.'

In Dr. Martin's speech, Sirone thought about the question Ankera had in mind.

- How can I not be a god?

Another question must be answered in order to select the correct answer from among the numerous answers.

'What is God?'

It can be defined as something, but there is no substance in that definition.

Because it is inconceivable.

'Dr. Martin is not a god. Number Seven, who created Dr. Martin, is not God either. What is God... …

Suddenly, I had this thought.

'no way?'

Because I experienced the world of high gear

A new insight shook my mind.

'really… … Is there?'

God.

Real Martin screamed.

“For a perfect world!”

The line between life and water has become blurred in the way he spits out system messages like ambassadors.

'Durability of 140 billion.'

And even the grotesque appearance with all sorts of terrible things mixed at will... … .

'There is no form.'

In the eyes of Sirone, who had reached statelessness, it was just a set of signals where 1 and 0, existence and nonexistence intersect.

'you can do it.'

The spirit of the Immortal Function revealed its greatest size ever while strengthening photon condensation.

'Michelan Gun!'

When the flash exploded, Dr. Martin's durability was cut by more than 1 billion.

“… … win.”

The operator jumped to his feet.

“We can win.”

Her words spread ripples in the hearts of all users, igniting speculation.

'Fight. I'm protecting this world.' It was ironic.

Knowing that it is not real makes human integration much easier.

'let's fight! let's fight! let's fight!'

Sirone clearly felt that the minds of the users were merging into one.

'Integrated.'

Even Yahweh cannot move the user's mind freely.

But when their minds come together, quantum signals become photon signals.

'Now!'

It functions as a system that can permeate and change the sense of statelessness.

The system's name is... … .

“Ultima.”

The world was shaken, and the virus that infected the users' artificial intelligence began to disappear.

“I can move! I'm back!”

"let's fight!"

Users who regained their selves simultaneously raised their firearms and started shooting creatures.

Sirone checked the ground on the screen.

'Everyone is fighting.'

Where is the prejudice in their appearance of plotting death under the single-mindedness of protecting the world?

Where is the competition, where is the discrimination, and where is the level gap?

' does not exist.'

A long time ago, mankind, called humans, once established an integrated mental system.

There was a time when intelligence was used only for the advancement of mankind and for everyone's happiness.

'why not?'

Why being in high gear shouldn't work in real life.

'Since when do humans... …

Did they refuse to become one and pursue only their own existence?

'Uorin.'

muttered the little witch.

“It's not my fault.”

No matter how many times she repeats it, the original sin of all living beings called humans lies with her.

“I love you, Sirone.”

Because the only person she can love in this world is Yahweh.

It had no choice but to become a beautiful flower waiting forever for butterflies to fly into it.

Yolga's son glanced sideways at the little witch's body, which was still looking up at the sky.

'A poisonous flower.'

When the temple opens, its true value will be revealed, but that is why it is impossible to stay away from it.

"anyway… …

Even in the midst of everyone fighting, Fermi did not join Sirone's Ultima.

'I didn't get infected anyway.' Aegis communicated.

-Boss, what should we do?

Fermi watched the conflict between the user and the system for the life and death of High Gear.

"haha."

do you trust people

'If you've seen Ultima's potential to this extent, you've been laughing at it for a long time, Sirone. The human heart is more than the surface you've seen all through history... …

Because it's much deeper and darker.

-Let's fix it for now. have to finish

Soaring into the sky, Yoga's son smiled.

"I'm not in a bad mood."

The top of Dr. Martin's fuselage opened, and a red flash shot through the sky.

- Triggered Metal Rain. Reset the world.

'I don't know what... …

The system doesn't lie.

Sirone, who had descended from the barrage, passed by Fermi, who was ascending into the sky.

- Buy me some time.

The key was to destroy the real martin stage 3 aircraft before the metal rain was activated.

Without even needing to communicate, Fermi went up.

“I will.”

The reason why judgments that would not be possible in reality are so easily possible here.

'The key lies there.'

It is because they have an outside world that they can return to even if this place is destroyed.

'High gear is a ball, but that's why it's a baby.'

It was a contradiction in the heart that could risk everything to love because it was nothing.

'I'm sure you've already noticed.'

The fact that integration is impossible unless the concept of death is removed from human beings.

'You have to present.'

Clear evidence that death in reality is not the end must be brought from the outside world.

'Then mankind can be united. But also... … At that moment, humanity will be annihilated.'

It was the reason why Argones was activated.

'Even the Gaians were wiped out. This world does not allow us to know the outside world.'

Why?

And Sirone was waiting on the ground to find the answer to that question.

'you can do it.'

All users are gathering their hearts with the desire to protect this world.

At that moment, the mind becomes the law and the largest system that quantum signals can create.

“Ultima System.”

As all of their hearts were focused as one, it added strength to Sirone's invincibility.

'It ends in one blow.'

-Steel Rain activates. Thank you to everyone who has loved High Gear so far.

As if it had never happened, Dr. Martin's voice returned to a perfect mechanical tone.

It rained from the sky.

Countless sticks made of steel were falling to destroy the world.

“Damn it! What is that?" The fact confirmed through augmented reality is that each one has the power to destroy the city.

that you wore

“Fight! We will fight until the end!”

However, even in such a situation, the hearts of users who had no fear of death were not shaken.

The little witch suddenly felt nostalgic.

'I did.'

Even without the outside world, the Gaians were the only race to overcome the fear of death.

“We were infinitely free.”

Although the mechanism of courage is different, if you look at the expressions of the users here.

“Come on! we are the owners! Never give in to the system! We will fight to the end!”

With a voice of absolute conviction, if you see him pushing the bar he pursues.

"I am… …

What a great place you come from.

'And from what height am I falling now?'

It's unfair to call it a mistake.

It was because they could not bear it themselves that they planted good and evil in the human mind.

'You have to understand me.'

The little witch seemed to be crying.

“As much as you, me… … !”

The moment she tried to spit out words, the chords that make up the sirone shook loudly.

'This is it!'

Metal fragments gathered high in the sky and became a huge Michelan gun.

'Hand of God.'

The son-in-law turned into darkness, and a huge Photon Cannon was born at the center of the Michelan Gun.

Cuckoo Cuckoo!

Users looked up at the sky as an uncountable number of steel rains fell.

If you look at the huge sphere of light

You realize how useless language is.

'Just that.'

Idea that cannot be called.

"Goes!"

As Yahweh 2 swung his arm, Michelan Gun in the sky threw a photon cannon.

As soon as Dr. Martin was struck by a flash of light, all the creatures exploded.

Augmented reality was filled with system messages, and Sirone finally became a ranker.

- Special privileges are granted.

At that moment, Dr. Martin's machine exploded, tearing apart the signals that made up the world.

the sky opens

'There it is.'

There was one pupil there.

Sirone, who activated Da Vinci's metal wings, flew towards the place where the curtain of the world was torn.

Yoga's son, who had become tattered in a brief skirmish, said as he fell.

“You should definitely see it.”

Sirone nodded, and a system message appeared to everyone on the ground.

"huh?"

- Ranker privileges are activated. Will Yahweh 2's code name change to a ranker code name?

The operator, the Golden Wheel, the Ascension, the Demon God of Destruction 707 and the Mafia, and even the Tenmen... … .

"haha."

I just stared blankly at the unique concept of ascending to the sky.

Yahweh.