[790] Windless Zone (3)

* * *

"who are you?"

When Sirone opened the hotel door at the sound of a knock, a woman she had never seen before stood there with a smile on her face.

"who… … please?"

It was a look that I had no choice but to ask again.

"hello! Wizard! I am Barho Rangi, who was chosen as Miss Arachne this time.”

“Miss Arachne?”

Her bright greeting eased her guard a little, but her identity brought new tension.

“What did that person do to me?”

Rangi held out the spirit magazine of Tormia Kingdom from somewhere.

“I am a fan. You graduated from Alpheas Magic School at the top of your class and are active in the Ivory Tower, where only the world's most outstanding wizards can enter.”

Sirone put on a blank expression.

“Hehe, I have a lot of interest in magic. If you don't mind, may I ask for your autograph?"

In the spirit magazine that Rangi opened, the face of Sirone, who had defeated Dante in the 2,000 battles, was printed.

'Was I that old-fashioned?'

He was a boy from a mountain village, but to be honest, I still can't feel how urban he has become.

"all right. Come in at once.”

She looked around the suite while Sirone called Rangi into the room and searched for a pen.

'It's my first time here too.'

The Royal Arachne Hotel is where VIPs stay, and there are more than 40 rooms downstairs where VVIPs stay.

However, the room currently occupied by Sirone occupied an entire top floor.

This room is only used for people in extreme poverty, and as far as she knows, the door here opens only twice a year.

'I'm an ivory tower wizard... … .'

A transnational figure feared by politicians, whom she describes as poisonous snakes, trembling at drinking parties.

'It looks innocent.'

The finest liquor in the suite was untouched, and there was only one old book lying on the wide bed.

'He has a humble personality. But what's so scary about it?'

I even thought it was cute when I saw her running around the large room because she couldn't find her pen.

"Oh right!"

Sirone stopped in the middle of the floor, stared at the ceiling, and trembled.

“If you don’t have a pen, take mine… … .”

Before Rangi could finish his words, Sirone shook her head and said.

"Ah, I'm such a fool!"

"huh? fool?"

Sirone sighed, approached empty-handed, and held out her hand in front of the table.

'Material.'

As the information was assembled at a frightening speed, I had a pen in my hand before I knew it.

“Hoo?”

Rangi's eyes sparkled.

'Is there such a magic?'

I had seen high-ranking members of the Magic Association bluffing and using magic, but it was the first time I had ever made a pen.

“It’s fun. It's like magic.”

Rangi doesn't know.

It was only a pen that was made, but the theory contained in this magic is all the batteries that exist in the world.

“Hehe, that’s right. I have a habit of always looking for things, so I forget like this.”

"oh? Then can you make another one?”

Sirone laughed awkwardly.

“In theory, yes.”

Yahweh hates the act of disrupting the system, but he can print diamonds indefinitely if he wants.

However, Rangi, who was unfamiliar with magic, accepted Sirone's humility straight away.

'Well, if you can make anything, it's a god?'

Sirone, who had never signed an autograph for anyone in her life, had dry saliva and her hands were shaking.

'I can't be disappointed. If I make a mistake, I have to turn it back.'

Perhaps thanks to being equipped with a weapon of conversion, the sense of shock, the autograph was a plausible success.

“Here’s your signature. I hope you like it.”

“I like it.”

Rangi hugged the magazine.

'Would you like to sign an autograph for me now, Grand Wizard staying in the hotel suite?'

Even if Sirone was a good person, he did not know why he invited Miss Arachne to his hotel room.

'You're not bad.'

It is first-class that it does not even give the feeling of being entertained, and Rangi voluntarily opened his heart.

'Since he's a man, it's only natural that he wants me.'

so.

'I'll forget it. All.'

May no memory of this day remain.

Just in time for her to find a way to stay here, a growl came from her stomach.

Rangi said with a shy smile.

“After starving for several days to prepare for the competition, it is now difficult to move. Even if we have dinner together... … .”

"wait a minute. I still have the bread I bought on the way.”

Feeling sorry for her because she was starving, Sirone hurriedly rummaged through her bag, but after a while, an embarrassing situation arose.

"what? this… … .”

It was a hard bread favored by travelers, and the marks of half-chewed it were clear.

"sorry. I will ask for another food.”

"are you okay. They're all the same person. And I really like this bread. It's great for dieting.”

Sirone never dreamed that she would give Miss Arachne leftover bread.

Rangi took the bread away, cut it in half, and handed over the rest.

“I’ll eat half. There will be jam made from strawberries. Oh, and because it's prickly...

Skillfully finding the items and putting them on the table, she pulled out the finest wine from the shelf.

“A little bit of alcohol.”

Dinner began, and by the time the bread had been eaten, I was getting drunk.

“Sirone-san, do you have a boyfriend?”

"Yes i have."

Rangi opened his eyes wide with a surprised expression because he asked with certainty that he didn't.

“I met my friend at school, but now we are apart. I am a soldier by profession.”

“Hoo? A soldier.”

Calculating the compatibility with Sirone, Rangi decided that it would be better to push forward aggressively.

“In addition to her magic skills, her will is really strong. When you punch a friend named Nade in the graduation exam... … .”

Judging from how excitedly he was talking for the first time, it seemed that he really liked Amy.

'No matter how much it is, I only talk about my lover day and night with a woman in front of me. Are you naive or stupid?'

After listening to Sirone's story, Rangi swallowed the last glass of wine and stood up.

"right. May I give you a shoulder massage?”

When Rangi went back and touched her shoulder, Sirone's neck shrank like a turtle.

“Ugh, I’m fine.”

Stay calm. I'm good at massage. Or what? You can’t even touch the body unless it’s your lover?”

"no! It's not like that... … .”

Rangi's eyes lit up.

'As expected, this is it. I got it.'

He was a person who did not like to hurt others.

“To rub the shoulders of the most famous wizard in the world. I feel really lucky.”

“When it comes to being famous, Mr. Rangi is the best. Besides being Miss Arachne, she also participates in world competitions.”

“Huh, that’s right. Then will you promise? Let's keep today just the two of us for the rest of our lives."

"yes? Ah yes."

It was a specification that Rangi got into gossip.

'So, let's get started, shall we? I'm going to bully you like this forever.'

Gently rubbing his shoulder, she placed her face against Sirone's ear.

“I am so happy.”

When Sirone turns his head, he will kiss her, and from then on no man can escape.

'Congratulations, Your Highness.'

The king will get what he wants.

“Sirone… … .”

However, as if she couldn't even muster up the courage to turn her head, Sirone was staring straight ahead like a wooden stone.

“Sirone, look at me for a second.”

“Mr. Rangi.”

It was a resolute voice that broke the atmosphere.

"sorry. I don't know why Mr. Rangi is doing this, but no, it must be my mistake... … .”

Only then did Sirone get up from her seat and look back at Rangi, looking at him with a drunken look.

“When I first saw it, I thought it was very pretty. But I have someone I love. As long as I don't break up with that person, I won't betray you.”

“It is not a betrayal. I don't mean dating."

Rangi used the last words, but Sirone shook her head.

“Then it is even more unacceptable. I think you've been drinking a lot. Sleep here tonight.”

Seeing him leave, Rangi was terrified.

"no! Don't do that. I can't sleep here instead of the wizard.”

“You promised.”

Sirone smiled and opened the door.

“I decided to keep it just the two of us for the rest of our lives.”

"ah… … .”

Rangi, who had been lost until he heard the sound of the door closing, slumped back into the chair.

"Really? Is this really the end?”

It wasn't a bad result, and even the promise of a promise between the two of them saved her, but why was she annoyed?

"idiot! Who knows if you're pretending to be nice? You will regret it for the rest of your life!”

Thinking that winning is winning, Rangi jumped onto the bed in the suite and sprawled out.

“Oh, good! Yes, now I am higher than the king!”

Sensing the touch of silk as her limbs fluttered like butterflies, she turned her head to see the book Sirone was reading.

“I left it. What book is it?”

When I opened the middle of the page, it was a novel.

Rangi tilted his head and checked the title of the cover.

Dragon Beater Archmage

"haha… … .”

Dropping her arms in a collapsed motion, she ended up laughing heartily at the ceiling.

“Puhahahaha!”

Maybe Arcane is right.

"Dragon beat... … ! Hee hee!”

A wizard is an eternal boy.

* * *

the next morning.

While contemplating on the roof of the hotel, Sirone saw the sun rise and soared into the sky.

Because of Rangi's visit, Sirone's expression upon arriving at the castle was harder than before.

“Welcome, great star.”

King Faronica of Arachne greeted Sirone by bending her upper body.

“What happened to your request yesterday? Did you find someone named Jaysteen?”

“That is, there are too many data than I thought. It may take a little longer.”

It was as expected.

"okay."

Faronica floated her luck thinking that it was as easy as other stars.

“Actually, something bad has happened to the kingdom lately, and the speed isn't working due to a lack of manpower.”

Sirone was just listening.

“It is a terror threat. He said he would turn the venue into a bloodbath if the world beauty pageant was not stopped.”

Asking the star of the ivory tower means that even Arachne's police force couldn't catch the criminal.

"So it's a shameless request, but if Oh Dae-seong steps forward and solves it... … . Whoops!”

Faronica, who felt the breathlessness in Sirone's eyes, shut her mouth.

'Hey, what kind of energy is this... … .'

Even though it wasn't the first time seeing the star of the ivory tower, it was the pain of frozen blood tearing through the blood vessels.

“The person I am looking for… … .”

If it wasn't for the promise with Rangi, he would have pushed Faronica even harder.

“He is the one who holds the fate of the world. Thousands of people are dying right now.”

'Really die!'

Faronica accepted with her body the fact that the young man in front of her was the Five Great Stars of the Ivory Tower.

"sorry! I'm going to colonize the profile of Amery Jaysteen right now.”

If I hadn't already found it, there would have been no negotiations.

'Whoa, this job is really hard too.'

Only then did Sirone take the life out of her eyes and turned to think about the terror threat.

'I'll have to find out separately.'

Preventing a large-scale disaster is important, but I didn't want Maya's precious debut stage to be endangered.

'I'm worried about Mr. Rangi too.'

Anyway, the priority was to find the beta fish.

---------------------------------------