[791] Beta Fish (1)

Arachne NIS submitted the documents.

It seems that he is currently leading a mercenary guild in Timaros, a small commercial city near the capital Bengal.

'It's the Jaysteen Mercenary Corps... … .”

Instead of changing their name, they abandoned their surname, and there were only about 10 members of the crew.

If it were normal, it would be a normal life, but there must have been too many things she abandoned to gain peace.

“Where is Timaros?”

said Faronica, swallowing.

“There is a small town 14 kilometers east of Bangor. I will order permission to enter.”

“Thank you for your cooperation. In the case of terrorism, let’s turn off the fire first and discuss it.”

It wasn't until Sirone left the Grand Hall with the papers that Faronica could breathe.

“Whoa, what a terrifying man.”

The archon lowered his head with a contemplative face.

“I'm sorry, Your Highness. Even though I handed over Miss Arachne, I thought I would confiscate my face like this… … .”

“No, this is it. Since the word terrorism is on his lips, he won't let go and watch it.”

Even so, Sirone's energy was strong enough to lightly trample on the spirit of the Seven Planets.

'Are they the eyes of the one who carries the world?'

They were the ones who called for delight when they first said Sirone was coming from among the stars of the ivory tower.

"still… … .”

Now my thinking has completely changed.

“If we compromised to this extent against Oh Dae-seong, wouldn’t we have done well?”

The archon nodded wordlessly.

* * *

Sirone flew vertically from the castle and flew straight toward the small city at the bottom of the horizon.

Upon arriving at the entrance arch, the captain of the guard who had already received the message saluted in a loud voice.

"welcome. You are instructed to make sure there are no disruptions to your work. Anything you need?”

“I’ll just look around.”

I wanted to do things quietly.

“It is the glory of Timaros. If I need anything, please visit the nearest guard anytime.”

As I passed the arch, nodding my head, I saw numerous shops lined up along the dirt road.

'Is it because it's during the World Beauty Pageant?'

There were more customers from other countries than from the home country, and perhaps that's why the market had a festive atmosphere.

As we made our way through the crowds filling the streets to find the guild area, it became noticeably quieter.

After passing through smithies, alchemy, medicines, and recovery guilds, he finally found the place he was looking for.

Jaysteen Mercenary Guild

It was a building that didn't seem like much work at first glance, as guards were enough to protect a small city.

"excuse me."

The empty tables were sparsely placed and the counter was empty.

At a table in the corner, a group of people played a game of cards with a bottle of wine beside them.

“What are you?”

The man who had said something embarrassing to say in the first meeting was one-sided, and his tongue was twisted because he was drunk.

'How many people are you looking for... … .”

After thinking for a moment, Sirone asked.

“I am looking for some people. can you help me?"

A fat woman sitting on the right side of the table jumped up and approached.

“Oh, I was a guest. Come this way.”

Dust rose up as she tucked in the counter and put up the guestbook.

“Finding people is our specialty. Who are you looking for?”

“Amely J. Steen.”

The blood drained from the woman's face, and the hand movements of the mercenaries who were playing the card game stopped.

the woman asked again.

“Excuse me, who are you?”

“Amorie Jaysteen. It seems that the captain of the mercenary unit here uses the name Jaysteen.”

Aekku said.

“Close the door.”

The door closed with a thud, and a black-haired man guarded the entrance holding a knife.

'It's quite a skill.'

Of course, it wasn't a presence he didn't notice, but it was a higher level compared to the Silverling Guild he was in.

"You'd better say it right, kid."

He aimed at the gun equipped with magic bullets.

“Who did you hear about, last name Amery?”

Through his questioning, it was possible to know that J-Steen had confided in his subordinates about his past.

'In other words, a mercenary group bound by a great relationship of trust. I'll have to be careful what I say.'

Sirone raised both hands.

“I am not here to fight. I came because I wanted to ask you something. You can even call it a request.”

“I should have warned you.”

One's gun clicked, and two other men pulled out their sharp long swords.

“Speak properly.”

At the same time, magic bullets were fired, and the black-haired man guarding the entrance attacked with a dagger in his hand.

"this… … !”

When he avoided the magic bullet by teleportation, the wall exploded with an explosive sound.

"be careful! A wizard!”

"Wizard?"

The men with long swords ran up to the wall and flung themselves from left and right of Sirone.

"Yeah, but you're a kid!"

The longsword drew an X with a vicious sound, but Sirone was already gone.

“There is no need to fight… … !”

Sirone's voice was drowned out by the explosion of magic bullets, and the walls in all directions exploded.

'You're going!'

It seemed like he didn't even care.

'Or you judged it to be that dangerous... … .'

I couldn't even see his face yet, but I could guess what kind of life J-Steen had been living.

“Kill! I'll take care of the aftermath!”

The woman shouted, and the black-haired man held the dagger in reverse and pressed Sirone.

'As expected, this person is the strongest.'

Realizing that the situation was out of the question, Sirone pulled out the Shining Chain and tied him up.

“Keugh! what is this... … ! Aaaaaa!”

At the same time, the black-haired body was turned upside down, and the longer chain stirred the inside of the guild and bound people.

“Let go! Let go of this, you son of a bitch!”

He tied the ankles of the men with the long swords and pinned them to the floor, and finally wrapped Akkoo's hands behind his back.

“Whoa.”

Just as Sirone was breathing, the woman hiding under the counter pulled out a flute and fired a poison dart.

“Poo-wook!”

Deadly poisoned saliva rushed in, but it seemed to stop in the eyes of Sirone who cast the slow magic.

“… … .”

As I caught the needle with my index finger and thumb right in front of my eyes, the eyes of the men tied to the Shining Chain widened.

“I took it with my hand.”

In their experience, it was impossible to hold the flying spit with their hands in the slow magic, especially in the time-sharing state.

'I hear you've dedicated your life to slowing down 1 percent... … .'

At the level of Alfeas, who was a genius in the photon system, the speed of time would be dreamily slowed down.

"you… … Who the hell are you?”

As the questioner's eyes briefly turned to the side, the woman at the counter reloaded the poison dart.

“Kyaaak!”

The shining chain first wrapped around her body and pulled her upside down to the ceiling.

“Okay, okay! I am Amery Jaysteen! So release me now! Let's talk to me!”

If true, it needed verification.

“Can you show me your wounds?”

The mercenaries' faces became serious.

'This guy knows everything.'

Just then, the back door opened violently and a woman with wet hair entered as if she had just finished her back.

“You children! Did you blow up the house documents? why so fuss... … !”

He had a strong impression suffering from sepa and had a gun modified for sniper hanging on his shoulder.

The shooting range was visible through the door.

“What is this funny situation?”

While looking left and right at the unsightly scene, she fixed her gaze on Sirone.

“Is it you, betting my men?”

One kid shouted.

"Leader! run away! This guy knows the last name!”

His eyebrows twitched at the moment, but J-Steen did not act recklessly as if he were a party to the incident.

“… … Free his men.”

As long as the mercenaries' lifeless resistance could be felt through the Spirit Zone, they could not be released.

“Are you Amery Jaysteen?”

"okay. If you have something to say, say it to me.”

Like the woman at the counter, if this was a ruse, it was most accurate to check with her eyes.

“Show me the wound on your side.”

The kid struggled.

"Leader! Because it jumps! You child! Get this out quickly! You will kill me if I leave... … Aww!”

When the Shining Chain was tightened, everyone screamed, and all those connected by the chain frowned.

“Huhhhh!”

Jaysteen shouted.

"stop!"

Grabbing the lower hem of her jacket, she pulled it up to her neck, revealing her bare skin as her chest swayed.

“All right? Now release the men.”

“Dae, boss… … .”

While the men looked away at the embarrassing sight, Sirone stared at her ribs.

'there is.'

Wounds, which were probably fatal at the time, were clearly etched through the ribs.

"why? Shall I show you below?”

Sirone released the shining chain.

“Keuuugh!”

A woman fell from the ceiling, and his men knelt down and grabbed her aching body.

“It’s pitiful… … .”

J-Steen clicked his tongue, but he couldn't hide the concern in his eyes.

'He's a strong person.'

I could feel the spirit of a soldier crossing the line of fire.

“Yes, I am Amery Jaysteen. What are you going to do now? Are you going to kill me?”

"I keep saying, I'm not here to fight. I have no intention of harming you.”

"okay?"

J-Steen seemed uninspired.

“Okay, let's listen. You want to talk alone, right? Then there's a perfect place.”

It was the shooting range where she lived.

"Leader! we'll follow you! Aww!”

The one-eyed man jumped to his feet, but the bone throbbing pain forced him to sit down again.

“I am taking care of myself. Anyway, no fuss... … .”

After Jasein and Sirone exited through the back door, the woman at the counter brought some ointment.

“Put this on. I lost weight.”

Aekku, who was applying medicine to his body, looked at the chain marks on his skin and frowned.

"shit! I should wear long sleeves. How do you get along like this? Anyone who sees it will know you're a pervert.”

The man with the long sword turned to the back door.

“Are you okay? I'm not usually good at it. Wouldn’t it be nice if we followed along?”

“Heh, average skills?”

said the black-haired man.

“Do you think you can beat me with your normal skills? Well, if it's you guys, it's possible.”

He showed his teeth.

“What is this child! I'm already disturbed, but I'm going to salt people.”

"If you're going to kill me, that means you've already killed me."

Everyone shut up.

“If you had an evil mind, we wouldn’t be here right now. That's why the captain obeyed obediently. Just trust me.”

“… … .”

I blew on the part of the shoulder where I had applied the ointment.

“Will there be no scars?”

The explosion of magic bullets exploded.

"next!"

When the target was set halfway up the mountain, the sniper gun undoubtedly recoiled.

"next!"

Sirone was lost in thought while watching Jay Steen, who was absorbed in shooting training, from the side.

'What are you shooting at?'

It was a marksmanship that could not be obtained without training every day, close to divine.

'We're still fighting.'

Jaysteen's words finally opened.

"If you're not a hitman, why are you here?"

“I have a favor to ask you.”

"ask? to me?"

When the bolt was pulled, the side of the sniper gun slammed and the shells vomited.

“Please kill Harvits.”

Her breathing stopped and her shoulders began to shake like a tsunami.

“All, next!”

As soon as the target stood, he pulled the trigger, but the magic bullet exploded in an unexpected place.

“Haviz… … .”

Fear flashed in Jaysteen's eyes.

---------------------------------------