simultaneous events (5)

King Baska.

The Royal Knights squirmed as the royals clutched their heads in terror.

“It’s great…!”

Yahweh's wrath.

The Miracle Stream of red light was staining the large room red like blood.

"It's not what I did."

Adolf XIII, who met Sirone's eyes, lost strength in his legs and hit his butt.

Sirone's face wasn't distorted in the slightest, but it was like seeing a ghost.

“Then who did it?”

“This is my brother Robbins. Trust me. I didn't know anything until my brother said it.”

Because of his experience of lying and being severely punished, Adolf XIII answered with only the truth.

“Your brother.”

As Sirone knew, Robbins was as cruel and cold as Tenar.

'It's rather worse. No matter what, you're trying to kill a blood relative. And Gunzo Bedium.'

The fact that Lichen's father is the strongest hit man in the black line has been known since school days.

However, Bedium, who was identified through Omega, was a person who far exceeded Sirone's expectations.

'The reputation as the strongest hit man is only a superficially known fact. He traveled all over the world and assassinated two kings alone. His chapter and deputy ministerial ranks amount to 47.'

Even these numbers are nothing more than the history he achieved before Sirone was born.

'The reason the world hasn't turned upside down is because the people behind it have never been revealed.'

It was at this point that the saying came to mind that the best assassins were the ones who weren't famous.

“Where is the prince now?” If Robbins was connected to Bedium, he had to find him as soon as possible.

"I do not know. Really.”

This time, even Adolf XIII did not close his eyes, and Sirone attempted quantum transfer.

'Failed.'

Quantum transmission has a powerful feature of simultaneous events, but it also has disadvantages.

'If you know the coordinates of space and time, space movement can always succeed.'

Because the photon signal is cold.

'But the mind is different. To exist simultaneously in different spaces, the mind of the observer must work. And the mind is unstable and uncertain.'

In order for quantum transfer to be successful, the mind that perceives Sirone must be 100%.

It is not a difficult condition.

If it's a family, you can easily be sure of Sirone with less than 30% of the information.

'But those who have a priori information like Robbins can't materialize me.'

This was the reason why most of the 12 apostles were sent to strategic strategic points in advance.

The royals noticed.

'What are you thinking?'

He couldn't figure out why he was still there after hearing about the plan to assassinate Pony.

Sirone muttered with a pitiful look.

“… … stupid child.” Adolf XIII's shoulders trembled, but Sirone's eyes looked beyond the ceiling.

“Hoo-wook! Whoop!”

Suppressing the fear of death, the pony looked at the light shining over the lichen's shoulder.

'Sirone. Shiro... …

As electricity flowed through his neck, his nerves raced and his limbs fluttered at will.

“Where are you looking? It's been a long time since I met an alumni, so shouldn't I say goodbye before I die?"

Unlike the horse, Lichen's eyes were observing Pony like a person seeing it for the first time.

“I thought she was a decent woman, but Lichen lifted Pony's neck and pulled out a chain scythe.

“Well, that is life.”

Following the grinding sound of cold metal, the chain scythe plunged into Pony's brain stem.

“Ouch!”

Right before he could feel the touch, a strong impact hit his back and the lichen flew into the wall.

"who is this?"

Crouching down like an animal, he drew a chain scythe and saw a familiar face in his eyes.

“Oh, Mr.… …

It was the second most hated face in the world, and the most if you add disgust to it.

“Pony, are you okay?”

Sirone turned away from Lichen's gaze and approached Pony, raising her upper body.

“Uh, what happened?”

Although her body is still in shock, she regains her senses and puts on an expression of incomprehension.

“Let’s go out at once. Can you stand up?” Sparks exploded in front, and Lichen swung his arm behind Sirone.

Just before the chain scythe stabbed him in the neck, the Miracle Stream completely wrapped around his arm.

“Big!”

No matter how hard I tried, my muscles wouldn't move, as if I'd forgotten how to apply strength.

Sirone stood up.

“Licorn.”

The lichen's arm moved on its own and the blade hung deep around his neck.

“Kiyi! Kiyi!”

Lichen let out a snake's scream and threatened, but Sirone's expression did not change.

"A long time."

The sound of the snake suddenly stopped.

“Still unlucky. Am I still wandering around with a nice disease?”

"okay. sorry."

The days of arguing over whose philosophy is right have already passed, so I brought up the main topic.

“Your father, where is Bedium now?”

Lichen tried to destroy the Miracle Stream, but all efforts were futile.

'Damn it. Did this happen?'

Even though he was trained by his father, the world's strongest hit man, the difference in level was too great.

“This is the art of the mind. How much is my interaction with you. If your heart is stronger than now, you will be able to push the Miracle Stream and move.” I didn't think it was possible.

“Kill.”

Sirone pondered over the true meaning of the words.

“Heuk, I know he’s the one who will save you if you ask him to help you. But I don't want to, so kill me.”

“Why? Because of shame?”

"no. If I get my life saved by you, I will have to give up something I hate more than dying.”

Lichen tore his mouth.

“You want to know where Gunzo Bedium is? ok let me know That's what you want.”

In an instant, Sirone's eyes widened.

"stop!"

As the Miracle Stream broke, a chain scythe passed through, slashing the lichen halfway through its throat.

Blood splattered all over the place, and Pony looked at him with shocked eyes.

"you… …

The staggering lichen opened its bloody mouth.

“Quack. look. Did I win?”

He overcame Sirone's feelings, but what he got in return was his own death.

“… … stupid child.”

Seeing the sadness in Sirone's eyes, Lichen shook her head as if she was wrong.

“I am an assassin.”

The lifeless body collapsed with a thump.

Silence ensued, and Sirone, who was savoring Liken's last words, nodded.

“Bedium will come.”

To get revenge on Sirone for killing her son.

“Even the strategy of breaking the Miracle Stream and using his own life to kill me. Yes, you are also an assassin.”

Although he is the world's villain, in the end, he persevered through every moment of his life with his convictions and left.

“Evil is strong.”

So, more people needed help.

“Pony, it's Prince Robbins who hired the assassin. But other royals are also accomplices.”

“I thought it would. I didn't expect you to act so quickly.”

“Because I came. Because they keep you and me in check And I, Sirone, made a decision.

“I want you to lead Tormia. I need your help to fight evil in the future.”

“My help?”

Sirone explained the principle of quantum transmission and the Ultima System Project.

“Time is running out. If you have a good leader, you can shorten it even more. A leader who brings people together and keeps them focused on one goal.”

“I know what you mean.”

said Pony.

“But I don’t have the qualities of a king. You know, Sirone. A man who is ashamed of lying cannot lead everyone. I can only take responsibility for myself.”

"know. That's why I came to you.”

A thought flashed through Pony's mind as she blinked and thought.

“If I become king, I will deny the king.”

The reason why wizards are called children of intellect is that they criticize even the privileges given to them.

"that's enough."

Sirone smiled.

Citizens who were doing relief work in Baska's downtown simultaneously pointed to the sky and shouted.

"wow! What is that?"

A dragon covered in long green scales like grass was flying in the sky.

The figure of a small and cute girl disappeared, and it was the size of a city block.

“Can we do it at this point?”

After choosing the right place, Aethra drew in her breath and prepared to fire her breath.

'Healing of life.'

The dragon's breath boasts a powerful ability comparable to that of an angel's halo of justice.

The special organs inside the body were charged with breath, and the charging time was different for each dragon.

Aetra's breath had a charging cycle of 100 hours, which was far superior among the 12 apostles.

"Quaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!"

As Aetra opened her huge mouth and roared, a golden gale swept over Basuka.

“Ah, ah… …

As the wounds of those injured by the demons healed, they rose one by one.

Miro and the others were shocked.

'It's a tremendous resilience.'

Eitra, who blew her breath all over Basuka, folded her wings and descended to the ground.

People cheered.

“Oh, great dragon! save us! Glory to Tormia!”

After experiencing miracles several times throughout the day, it felt as if Tormia had been chosen by God.

the lady-in-waiting said

“Jeonheu｝, Miss Pony is asking for an audience.”

The eyes of the royals were shocked, and Adolph XIII's face went pale.

'Uh, how?'

Sirone was definitely there, and the assassination plan never leaked out.

When Pony came in, all the hypotheses disappeared and only the harsh reality stuck in his mind.

"shit??????

He forgot the king's body language and spat out curse words, but there was not much time left to wear the crown anyway.

Pony's gaze passed by the kneeling royals and stunned guards before reaching Sirone.

'Really.'

Seeing Sirone, whom he had just broken up with, immediately reunited, it felt like his memory had caused an error.

Sirone looked back at the royal family and said.

“As of this time, Pony will succeed to the throne of Tormia. As the star of the ivory tower and the Five Stars of the Unified Space Management Department, it is our judgment that we cannot set up as king a person who has assassinated a blood relative and mocked the people by taking advantage of others’ achievements.”

The royal family had an intuition that it was Sirone who had solved Basuka's disaster.

" dare… …

As the 44-year wait dissipated like foam, Adolf XIII was seized with anger.

“Pony! you finally me... … ! Whoops!”

At that moment, as the Miracle Stream shocked his heart, the king's face turned as white as paper.

He sat down with a thump and clutched at his chest, his eyes filled with great fear.

“Heo-eok! Huh!”

Sirone said coldly.

“I don't want to waste time. Confess your faults to the people and lay down your powers. Then I will treat you as a human being.”

“Heuuuu... Adolf XIII's face crumpled with tears.

“I’m sorry.”

Even if someone threatened me with a knife to my throat, I wouldn't have been so afraid.

'Heart, heart stops... …

Unfamiliar stimuli that were hard to feel once in a lifetime were still alive in my brain.

“Then from now on… …

Just when Sirone was about to speak.

"majesty! Something big happened!”

The door was opened violently, and all the noble officials in the castle came in.

“Giant, giant… … !”

Sirone and Pony looked at each other at the same time.