[286] 4. Proposal of Theraje (3)

@

'quickly!'

Reina ran towards the annex at full speed.

The situation becomes serious when Theraje faction tries their hand at Sirone's parents. At the same time, I also felt guilty. I should have paid a little more attention.

'No, this is for the best. I've tightened up all the security I can... … .'

If so, it means that the other party committed it without thinking about the consequences. It occurred to me that perhaps all of the attendants could have been annihilated.

The question was, why at this point?

Sending an assassin on the first day was exquisite.

But now, on this side, he was fully prepared. There was no reason to pursue a high-risk return strategy in a situation where the tide of battle would reverse if the tail was stepped on.

After entering the annex, Reina turned towards Vincent's dorm. At the same time, in a corner, she bumped into an attendant from the House of Augent.

"omg! Miss Raina!”

Reina pushed the attendant away and ran into the room.

“Get out of the way! What happened?”

Upon opening the door and entering, Vincent and Olina looked at each other curiously. It was not a particularly upsetting atmosphere.

Vincent was carving with a block of wood while Olina was drinking cocoa under a blanket.

“Lina-sama, what’s going on? Your complexion is not good.”

“Ah, there… … .”

Reina was speechless at Vincent's question.

The two are unharmed. Then why did Amy follow Zeon?

The attendant who returned to the room belatedly asked with a red face.

“My lady, what the hell is going on? Why are you here all of a sudden?”

Rayna hurriedly came to her senses.

“Ah, that… … I came to patrol because I wanted to see if you were doing well.”

The attendant let out a sigh of relief.

“Phew, I thought it was something big. I was just on my way to report it. There is nothing wrong here.”

Olina asked with a worried expression.

“Isn’t that what happened? What about Sirone?”

As expected, the touch of a mother thinking of her children was sensitive. Reina swallowed her saliva and hastily made up her words.

“I am still in the banquet hall. I’m having a good time with Amy, so don’t worry.”

Olina seemed relieved at the word Amy. She said that if something happened to Shirone, she would have come running here too.

"is it so. Do not worry. We are doing well.”

"Ho Ho! yes. Then rest in peace. I'll be right back too.”

Reina, who tried to smile, immediately moved to the other side as soon as she left the room.

Sirone's parents were unharmed. But Amy wouldn't have been able to confirm that fact. If so, that means she was threatened. Why Amy?

Rayna stopped jolting and spoke out loud.

“Sirone.”

Worst case scenario.

It was the effect of the ataraxia demonstration that they couldn't detect any danger in the banquet hall. It means that most neutrals became friendly to Orkamp.

But that made Ji-on pull out the real sword. No matter how much I thought about it, there was only one reason why I dropped Amy while lying to me.

He intends to see the end of it tonight.

'I thought I'd just let it go because the atmosphere was good, but I thought Jion would move on his own. That's why no intelligence came in.'

It wasn't the time to be like this. Since the attendant had just come out of Vincent's accommodation, it had to be considered that it had been over 20 minutes since he and Sirone had separated.

Raina opened the Sound of Silence, a skill for schema ears. As his hearing strengthened, he began to collect even the smallest sounds from the royal castle.

Now, if you try to follow Sirone, it will be too late. If there was a high decibel on either side, that was the center of the incident.

@

Amy followed Zeon into the gallery in the basement.

I don't know if it was quiet in the basement of the castle from the beginning, or if Jion tried to do something in advance, but not a single ant cub passed by.

Come to think of it, since the banquet was going on until late at night, it was time for the attendants who were not in charge to sleep.

Amy thought it was better.

Zeon is a member of the royal family, but his practical strength is at the level of nobles of his age. He received elite magic lessons from a young age, and he was able to subdue any number of times depending on the opportunity.

Therefore, this space surrounded by silence is the best situation for her. This is because she can beat up Ji-on without anyone noticing.

'If possible, even killing... … .'

It's embarrassing to hurt people, but with Sirone's parents in captivity, that thought was just a luxury.

Ji-on entered the cave of the gallery with a gentlemanly smile. Amy saw that the door was double installed and she had the same thought as Sirone.

'I'll have to save at least two feet to break down the door.'

However, those thoughts disappeared when I saw the leisurely scenery of the gallery.

It was a room where all kinds of items were collected.

I don't know what they're used for, but at least they weren't good for torturing or harming someone.

Amy looked at the northern display case, which was the only weapon that could be used.

Experts would know how well the blade was sharpened, but the single sword reflected in the eye was exuding sharpness on its own.

"Where are Sirone's parents?"

Ji-on raised a corner of his mouth playfully and said.

"parents? well. Should I even know that?”

Amy's eyes grew cold.

“Did you cheat on me?”

Ji-on checked the time. An hour from now was the execution time. The reason why the timing of the assassination was not fixed is because the strategy was planned with a small number of people. 

Some flexible situations inevitably occur, but on the other hand, it also has the advantage of being able to flexibly deal with variables.

'It's an hour... … .'

I suddenly felt sorry. Amy was a really nice woman. If you are with such a beauty, wouldn't an hour be the same as a fleeting moment?

Anyway, Xenoger and Arius will finish the job while we kill time here. All he had to do was receive the rolling Ataraxia and eat it.

"I'm sorry I lied to you. But I believe you will understand. It takes a certain amount of white lies to seduce a beautiful woman, right?”

Amy didn't want to hear it. Thinking that since he had cheated first, a certain amount of rudeness could be tolerated, he shot back.

“I will go back. I will refrain from doing this in the future.”

"okay? Can you really see this?"

When Ji-on opened his fist, the necklace with the golden cross pendant came down. Just looking at the precision of the craftsmanship, I could tell that it was an expensive item.

But Amy snorted.

I don't know how many people have passed on this trick, but the Karmis family is also a famous family in the kingdom of Tormia.

Even if I handed her a diamond, I was confident that I would not blink an eye.

“What are you doing? Are you trying to ingratiate yourself with something like this?”

Ji-on approached with a sneer as if he knew that.

“Is it just that? How about taking a closer look?”

Amy glanced at the pendant.

Since the royal family didn't have to carry alloys, it must have been pure gold. Upon closer inspection, it was large enough to be extracted by melting about 500 gold coins.

There was a pearl in the center, and it was unusually iron-colored with a metallic color.

It was far from the beautiful color of natural pearls. 

The shape was perfect, but it was not something a woman could wear for beauty.

'What is it? What is this... … .'

Amy suddenly realized.

I remembered reading it in a book. A pearl with a dark iron color. It was the pearl of the celestial clam that lives in the deep sea of ​​Alcantira.

According to geologists' research, Alcantira Gorge has the deepest sea in the world. 

Since not a single point of light comes in and the water pressure is enormous, it is impossible for fishermen to collect it, and it can only be entered through a national construction project involving wizards.

It is known that the durability of clams to withstand the water pressure of the deep sea makes a chemical substance that is harder than adamantine.

In other words, it means that it is one of the hardest materials in the world. 

In addition, the shape is also a perfect sphere, so industrial uses are endless.

Of course, there are not many people who would buy these things with money, but from what I read in the book, I heard that the pearls of the Celestial Shell can replace the ball bearings of ancient weapons, so at least one cost 200 million. 

Therefore, it was also used as currency in transactions between kingdoms where it was not easy to transport a huge amount of gold coins.

'These are the pearls of the Celestial Clam... … .'

It is presumed that the reason why ancient weapons that came before history can exist is because they are made of the hard rock of heaven.

However, no matter how ancient a weapon is, the parts of its movable organs will inevitably wear out. In order to replace that accessory, it must have at least the durability of a pearl of the Celestial Shell.

200 million gold for one ball bearing. 

It was possible to guess how much money the kingdom was spending on maintaining the function of the ancient weapons.

'Huh. I'm done with this.'

Ji-on assumed that the reason she was silent was that they were in conflict.

Of course, shouldn't that be the case? What he handed over was not a jewel, but currency traded between countries.

“As expected, I have a taste. Most nobles don't sign their wedding vows with diamonds. Because that hardness means unbreakable love forever. But this is a pearl of the terracotta clam which is harder than that. Among the royal family, only the direct line could be used as a gift. How about promising our future with this?”

Ji-on smiled as he prepared to put on the necklace.

Of course, he doesn't seduce any woman with the pearls of the celestial clam. Even if it was a really nice woman, it was crazy to readily hand over 200 million gold.

But he didn't mind if I gave him all the objects in this room, not 200 million gold. 

Because if Sirone dies, Amy will be finished anyway.

“I fell in love with you from the moment I first saw you. Will you accept my heart?”

Finally, Ji-on made a confession of conversion. Amy looked blankly at the figure.

Seeing Theraze's blood relative and the first prince of the Kingdom of Kazra courting him with pearls from the Celestial Shell would be a scene many aristocratic women have dreamed of. That's why Amy, who wasn't particularly impressed, wondered if she was rather abnormal.

But it was really grave. Hearing Ji-on's confession, the first thought that came to his mind was that he should stop going back to Sirone.

"sorry. I am grateful to the prince for taking care of me, but I cannot accept such a burdensome gift.”

Ji-on made an absurd expression.

It was the first time a woman had been so unconcerned even after seeing the pearls of the Cheonwang clam. No matter how noble you are, a whopping 200 million is rolling in at once. Even if he wasn't interested in himself, he was bound to grab the hand he extended.

Ji-on, thinking that he couldn't hold on to Amy at this rate, decided to present a card that would surely attract her while he was overdoing empty checks.

“Then how about this one? let me give birth to my child You can become royalty.”

Amy put on a puzzled expression.

'The blood didn't even dry on my head... … .'

Aristocrats also get marriages of convenience, but the royal family goes even further than that. He knows that his own blood has great value.

Well, maybe it's true. Even now, women who want to conceive a prince are lining up in the world.

But Amy didn't want to be royalty. That's why Zion's words were close to insulting.

“I will go back. I don't think I have anything more to say to the prince."

Amy walked to the door without waiting for an answer.

"this… … !”

Ji-on pulled Amy's wrist as strongly as her wounded pride. Amy hurriedly shook off her hand and stepped back. Her wrists tingled from how hard she squeezed.

'To think that the prince of a country showed such rudeness.'

Amy caressed her wrist and glared at Ji-on.

“What is this?”

There was emotion in the way he spoke, but it was Ji-on who was really angry.

“How dare you reject me? Only nobles!”

Amy felt like she had heard a novel curse.

The royal family of Tormia also gave up Karmis. But that kind of thinking made Amy realistic. After all, it was Theraze's son who was here, not a member of the royal family.

---------------------------------------