Even if it's an illusion (3)

A cry was heard in the cave where Hexa's ability was activated to avoid Ankera's pursuit.

“Sniff.”

It was the voice of a guffin imitating Ichael.

"Sobbing."

Ikael turned around with his cheeks flushed.

"stop! How long are you going to tease me?”

Guffin leaned against the cave wall and giggled.

“I do it because it’s amazing. I never thought Archangel Ichael would churn like a kid. It's really a pity to see it alone.”

“Somebody messed up… …

Ikael, recalling the situation from a while ago, stopped talking and averted his gaze.

It was such a thrill.

"joy."

She turned around frantically, thought for a moment, then approached Guffin with a serious expression.

"Guppin, I've made up my mind."

" what?"

Kneeling in front of Guffin, she said, raising the corner of her mouth gently.

“I want to make love with you.”

Guffin, who was nervous with a serious expression, smiled and showed his face.

"okay."

"no. Don't kiss me."

Ikael gently pushed it away with his hand, and Guffin, who leaned back again, finally hardened his expression.

"therefore… …

“Yes, love. It's the love you guys do. My heart is connected, so I am not afraid anymore.”

As Guffin blankly opened his mouth, Ikael immediately asked with a worried expression.

"what's the matter? In case you don't want to make love with me... …

"no no. never."

Tension appeared on Guffin's face as he quickly shook his head.

maybe spleen.

“I was just a little surprised because it was unexpected. however… … Are you really going to be okay?”

Ikael said with a determined look.

"do not worry. He is the head of the angels, for whom nothing was impossible until now. You can do well this time too.”

"No, it's not that grandiose. As for the problem... …

“Aren’t you saying it’s okay? Let's skip the explanation and start right away. I'll show you how to do it perfectly.”

"Right away?"

Guffin thought for a moment and nodded.

“That, yes. That's fine too. That's a good idea.”

Ikael smiled confidently as he watched Guffin adjust his posture and sit down.

Time passed just like that.

“Hey, are you going to keep doing that?”

" huh?"

Ikael raised his eyebrows and asked with an innocent expression.

“No, you have to take something like a ready posture to do it, right? So, to make love... …

Ikael, who had been listening absentmindedly, slowly stood up from his seat as if suddenly realizing it.

“Ah, yes. sorry."

Then he looked around and sat down on a flat rock on the ground, crossing his legs.

Then, he placed his hands neatly on his lap and gently turned his head to reveal the lines of his face.

“Can I do this?” It was a heavenly figure, but the guffin watching it was nothing but absurd.

“… … What are you doing now?”

"huh? why? Doesn't it look beautiful? Then shall we do this?”

It wasn't until I saw Ikael again in a graceful pose that I realized it clearly.

“Tell me honestly. Don't you know what you are?"

“Yeah, I don’t know! How do you know? Do you think I, the archangel craftsman, even spyed on humans making love?”

said Guffin, sighing.

“That's not it. Come and see. I will explain.”

As Ikael approached and put his ear to it, Guffin covered his mouth and spoke in a low voice.

“What kind of attitude… …

Hearing Guffin's words, Ikael's eyes widened and soon turned into a disgusted expression.

“Uh, how could I do that!”

“Or something like this.”

Guffin pushed his face out and whispered again.

whisper.

M | 99

Ikael's face turned pale and his body trembled.

"cancellation. I will have to reconsider.”

Ikael turned around and the guffin grabbed his wrist.

"why? What is it?”

Ikael, who shook off Guffin's wrist, spoke out with a shocked look on his face.

“I am a noble archangel! That's not human love! beast! All animals!”

“Humans are animals too.”

Ikeel's mouth was closed.

“Of course, they are rational animals. But when it comes to making love, none of that matters.”

“Because hearts are connected.” Guffin gave a hearty smile.

"okay. When making love, humans become animals. But I have no intention of forcing you. If you don't like it, even now... …

"no. I will.”

Ikael finally understood.

“Being one with you.”

A different kind of hot energy rushed into the eyes of the two, and Ikael quietly sat down next to Guffin.

Their lips parted lightly, and Guffin hugged Ikael and lay down on the floor.

“Haaaaa.”

I put it between Ikael's trembling lips

A breath of excitement and excitement coexisted.

'Become an animal.'

The feeling of falling to the bottom of the source of life was indescribably shameful... … .

'What will become of me now?' On the one hand, I wanted to see how far these low feelings could be amplified.

“Ichael.”

said the guffin.

"love you."

As soon as I felt electricity go through my whole body, Ikael's asteroid flew away.

"iced coffee??????

that the heart follows.

It was the first time Ikael knew that a human body temperature could feel this hot.

'I see.'

cold world.

When I realized how distant this world is from the heart.

'That's right, Guffin.'

She got terrifying goosebumps.

“Twenty minutes until the enemy enters!” At the messenger's report, the Tormia allied forces defending their respective positions became tense.

In the 'Flower Field' 2 kilometers away from it, the Fire and Fairy tribes were waiting for instructions.

The sight of 300 fire tribes and 600 elves in harmony seemed like a scene of nature.

Arriving at the flower field, Lian and Tess set out to find Enox, the commander of the garrison.

Tess grumbled.

“Why are we Fumiya? I can fight well.”

“It must be a strategic decision. Winning isn't important. In order to lure the demon army, we have to defend the flower garden.”

“Who doesn't know that? All in all, why us? After all, battles are all about life!”

It was exasperating to have to watch the deaths of comrades from just two kilometers away.

"Do you really think so?"

Tess turned around at Ryan's bone-chilling question.

“Natasha?”

Gustav 4 skills, battle doll Natasha.

He was a strong adversary who could not decide whether to win or lose even after competing with Rian in a sword fight the other day.

'No, to be honest... … I have a feeling that Lian has been pushed a little.

“I'm not going to get lost like last time, but it's a tough enemy even considering it. If we don't stop Natasha, the real hell could be here.”

“You mean that Natasha's fighting power exceeds 'Flower Field'?”

This time, even Lian didn't say anything.

“It’s just about sex. If ‘Flower Garden’ is firepower, Natasha is speed.”

There was no need to instigate panic prior to the war, and the conversation stopped when we arrived at our destination.

"hello."

As Lian approached while talking, Protea and Enox, who were standing side by side in the lead, turned around at the same time.

"oh? A famous person is here.”

While Enox's eyes were full of welcome, Protea shrank her head.

'What is this human?'

The direct lineage of the Hwajok, the Lotus lineage, except for the meat-eating Armand, can be said to be the weakest in passivity.

However, the moment I met Lian's eyes, it felt like that feeble passivity grew to the limit.

“Ogent Lian.”

Enox reached out his index finger and stabbed Lian in the chest.

“The world's best swordsman, said to be the strongest among humans. Mach's Knight. Right?"

Lian wondered for a moment how Quan would react if he heard it, but quickly erased his thoughts.

“Thank you for noticing. Of course, as the commander of the garrison, I respect Enox-sama. But I... …

"i know. special mission. I heard there are ignorant people in that camp too?”

After looking around for a moment, Enox turned his head again and shrugged.

“What's wrong? If so, it's human. I can't be an opponent for Lian-sama, who has ideas. Besides, I am the best swordsman among the fairies.”

As Enox bounced back, the sword he was wearing made a clear click.

Although it is of the same family as Tess, the level of military power would have been enough to occupy one place of Prince Lee.

'Certainly strong. But I haven't heard anything about the fairies fighting.'

In any case, it was something you would find out in a little while, so Lian bowed her head and turned around.

"then. Good luck.”

“Yes, Mr. Lian too.”

When the two returned to their seats, Protea, who was unable to breathe, opened her mouth.

“Enox, you are the wind nymphs.”

Like fairies in heaven, elves are born with their own natural attributes.

However, it was not a product of nature, but a Norse gene that had been passed down from a long time ago.

“Why are you kind to humans? They trample the flowers and destroy the forest.”

Fire people cannot overcome humans due to the limitation of passivity, but fairies are different.

Their bodies are stronger than humans, and the power of concentration that comes from their clear and pure minds is unmatched.

“Huh, I like humans. And, strictly speaking, the humans from before were not humans.”

"yes?"

“A man with a divine point of view.”

When Protea made a face that did not understand, Enox brought up the elven tradition.

“A very long time ago, in an era when gods and humans coexisted, there lived a race called Fairy and a race called Nor. It seems like they were hostile to each other, but there were times when they weren't. Like the fairies, the Nors are a race that has developed mental civilization. They also knew a lot of things that the fairies were interested in with a twinkle in their eyes. But most importantly, they are of divine blood.”

"God's lineage? So their ancestors created nature? As far as I know, Ankera... …

“There is no nature.”

Protea shut her mouth.

“There are no forests, no seas, no rivers. This world only consists of God's point of view. Call it Idea.”

Ideas also appear in the traditions of the Hwa tribe.

“Lian is a person with ideas. He is a human who twists the laws of the world from the point of view of God. How wonderful is this?” Enox's eyes were filled with joy.

“Perhaps my current feelings were not the same as those of the ancestral fairies? They tried to get ideas from Nord. Norr also tried to become a stronger life form through fairies. According to tradition, it is said to be a user battle. That is how we, the race of elves, were created.”

“Then why didn't I get the idea'?”

“There were serious difficulties. The fairy was too small.”

When Protea tilted her head, Enox smiled brightly.

“If you give birth to Norr’s children, the fairy will

Your stomach will explode.” “You know that you are also in the natural world. Interracial unions always hurt. One cannot succeed without sacrifice. Even if you succeed... … There is nothing left but pain.”

After having a terrible imagination, Protea suddenly realized that her shoulders trembled.

“But how did elves come into existence?”

“One day a man with a divine perspective appeared and he solved everything. There are no records left, but since he had ideas, he must have been human. That's how fairies split into fairies that follow Ankera and elves that follow humans.” Unlike the fire tribe, the elves' tradition was turbulent, but I thought that the roots might be the same.

Protea's voice trembled.

“What on earth did you do so that life could be born between completely different races?”

"mind."

Two thin, white hands covered her heart.

“To convey the light with all my heart. A sign of life that cannot be violated by any law. According to tradition, we

The Creator calls the light... …

Enox's eyes twinkled like stars.

“It was called Agape.”