[173] 1. Kergo Autonomous District (5)

The faces of the friends were also unusual. The only ones whose emotions didn't change were Canis and Arin.

“This is why the Kergo Autonomous Region cannot be opened. Only those who have inherited the power of angels can open the underground door. That is why we have been waiting for you.”

door to heaven. It's not nonsense. Sirone had the experience of going to the space-time of the maze through Immortal Function.

However, the scale was different this time. The world created by wizards and heaven were different. Kadum was talking about where God is.

“Since long ago, angels have been a medium that connects gods and humans. They have transcended time and space and delivered God's will. Unlockers are known to have inherited the power of angels. please. Bring Kergo back to glory. For that, the tribe is ready to make any sacrifices.”

Sirone couldn't answer. Come meet God. What do you mean you can go to the stars floating in the sky?

“In the meantime, Kergo has gone through many crises. The catastrophe of a volcanic eruption came, and civil war was fought. She was even humiliated by outsiders. The tribe is on the brink of extinction. The tribesmen are starving. However, I believe that angelic descendants will revive Kergo.”

Amy asked, pointing.

“Why aren’t you buying food? Relying on your faith when you are fully self-sufficient is like gambling with your life. We know that Loop's trafficking income is beyond imagination.”

“The situation in Kergo is worse than you know. The revenues from the ruins shared with the Galliant government alone cannot feed 20,000 people. Even if you sell loops and survive, you will be encroached on by outsiders like 100 years ago. As the chieftain, I prayed for God's blessing and saved up a large sum of money.”

“No matter how much money and women, did you think you could convince the messenger of God in that way?”

“I don't know about that. I just found a way through the records. According to the history of Kergo, a certain god's messenger asked for 100 million gold as a condition for going to heaven.”

Hearing that there are people who have already gone to heaven, Sirone was surprised. Besides, he's not a merchant, and he asked me to give him 100 million gold, which was something he couldn't say unless money was better than his life.

No, maybe he was a skilled person who wasn't afraid to even go to heaven. But is that possible?

“What happened to him? Did he come back safely?”

"of course. 200 years ago, the Messenger of God departed with his companions to Heaven, where they heard of the will of the great Ra.”

“How did you get back? Is it through the entrance?”

“Impossible. As you might have guessed, Heaven's Gate works as an immortal function. Immortal functions are also possible because there is a door. However, since there is no medium to activate the immortal function in heaven, we have to use another method to return.”

“What method?”

“I don't know anything about it. However, there is a record that they said that it was not a lucrative business when they returned.”

Silence hung over.

To say that even the unknown space where God exists is not a lucrative trade means that it is impossible to return to one's own skills.

Canis' words were finally understood. Not being able to come back was, in a sense, a more serious problem than death.

It's not like going to a distant country by boat. It was to pass through time and space and arrive at a star somewhere.

“I'm telling you honestly. I know it's dangerous. But the fate of the tribe is at stake. If you help Kergo, I'll do everything I can. If you want gold, I'll give it to you. If you want a woman from Kergo... … .”

“No, I don't want anything. I don't think I can get any compensation.”

At the banquet, he agreed by asking to hear about it, but things were different from now on.

To be honest, even if I gave them billions of dollars, I wouldn't change my mind. but… … I heard an intense curiosity equal to the fear of death.

Thinking of the best answer, Sirone spoke without asking her friends' opinions.

“Let me think about it.”

@

Left alone at the altar, Kadum looked at the stars.

The servile look he had shown to Sirone and the others had disappeared. Standing with his chin held high like a ruler of the Toa Mountains, he felt the presence and looked away.

An old man came coughing from the entrance of the altar. It was Hasid the Elder.

“Are you really going to let them go?”

When Hasid treated him with respect, Khadum's impression distorted.

“Father, it is not good to talk like that to your son.”

“A son? You know that my son is no longer here, Father?”

It was a strange situation where they called each other father. Of course, it was more bizarre for the gray-haired Hasid to call the stalwart Khadum his father.

Kadum revealed his true colors. The experience of a person who had lived for over 200 years could be seen in the shining eyes.

“Hey, are you still misunderstanding? Kadum's death was an accident. I didn't kill him.”

“Of course you would. But if my son hadn't died, my father, who was named Kang, would never have taken on the name of Khadum and become chieftain again.”

Khadum turned to Hasid.

“What do you want to say?”

“Father, they cannot succeed. Even if the boy is a messenger of God, he will not come back with anything our tribe wants.”

“Even so, it doesn’t matter. After all, the riches remain here. If it comes back with what it wants, I don't mind giving it any amount, but if it fails, I'll just deal with it. Everything is for Kergo.”

“Is it really so? My father was granted 300 years of life through a messenger from God 200 years ago. Doesn't that have nothing to do with Kergo?”

Hasid glared at Kadum with contempt.

The child is so frail that it is difficult to even take a step, but the father is enjoying his youth with strong muscles and a sleek body.

After gaining a lifespan of 300 years, the chief ran out of control. In order to increase the lifespan, he searched for unlockers in various places and spent a huge amount of money. As the tribe's fortunes dwindled, even the loops were sold to outsiders.

On the one hand, I thought that it was inevitable.

It is eternal life. is eternal youth What would be a waste of anything in the world if you could only get it?

“Isn't that enough now? Since that day, many Unlockers have left, but none have returned. If you cling to eternal life, you will lose your humanity. Miro-nim realized the fact early on and issued a warning.”

“Shut up! There is no chieftain who can lead a tribe as strongly as I do. Have you forgotten how miserable Kergo was when you were chieftain? You are just a failed leader. Kergo needs me. I am Kergo itself!”

Hasid was speechless as he looked at Khadum, who was crying towards the sky.

father is strong He was over 200 years old and was equipped with powerful weapons. As he rants, he may even raise his tribe.

But maybe... … Finally, Kergo will disappear from the world.

@

Sirone and the others headed to the inn.

The cave stretching northwest from the plaza was complicated, but it was just an area with many cumbersome crossroads for Sirone, who used to visit Estas as if it were her own home.

The accommodation was a large room with an unexpected bed. In addition, there was even a storage closet next to the bed.

It is a room for outsiders only. How many people have stayed here so far? Did they go to heaven? Or has it now disappeared from the world?

The chief's words were so shocking that even after arriving at the inn, everyone was silent.

The people who undressed and put them in the closet looked back at Canis. Messenger of God, heaven, matter of Kergo. Now it was his turn to tell him what he knew.

“I kept my promise. So please explain.”

“It is literally. You heard everything.”

Amy sat next to Sirone. She then shot back, facing Kanis.

“Heaven, do you mean that such a place really exists? How long have you known?”

“To be honest, I am not sure either. Besides, I think it would be quicker to hear from Sirone about that question. Hasid asked you. What did you see in the space-time of the labyrinth?”

Amy turned to Sirone and asked.

“It was. Sirone, tell me. What did you see?”

"It's not something, it's a place."

Canis' guess was correct. Sirone nodded her head obediently and continued her explanation.

"that's right. It was somewhere.”

There was the sea and I could see the forest. A spire stood in the center of the city surrounded by circular walls.

Sirone was sucked into the light on top of the spire, and when she came to her senses, she was already back at the altar.

“This is all I have ever seen. If that place were heaven, the story of Kadum wouldn't be absurd either. So before I judge, I want to hear what Kanis has to say. How on earth did you know?”

Harvest, who was standing guard at the gate, returned to Canis. He was usually the one who spoke rude words nonstop, but now he just kept his silence.

“My master, Arcane… … He seems to have been to a place called heaven.”

Sirone got out of bed.

Arcane has been to heaven. Since he was betrayed by Alfeas, he has been locked in a dungeon for 50 years, so the timing must have been a long time ago.

“Are you saying that Arcane also came to Kergo Ruins?”

"no. it would have been somewhere else As Kadum said, it seems that historical sites all over the world are connected to heaven in some way. Of course, it's a situation controlled by the country you belong to, but I don't think I even knew it existed 80 years ago. In that sense, the Kergo ruins are unusual.”

Eighty years ago, when Arcane was only 60 years old. Compared to the lifespan of a human, it was not a small age, but considering how strong the 149-year-old Arcane was, it was good to say that the power of magic was in its heyday.

“What is in Heaven? What kind of place is that?”

“I don’t know about that.”

Sirone narrowed his eyes.

Not knowing doesn't make sense If Arcane experienced heaven, Kanis had to know about it. It was because Harvest inherited Arcane's knowledge.

Harvest supplemented the explanation.

“What Kanis said is true. Arcane erased the memory of Heaven. The only thing we know is that he has been to heaven.”

“You erased your own memory?”

"okay. completely erased So I don't know what they did there. Perhaps he did not want the story of heaven to be known to the world.”

Sirone, who knew that he was an Arcane, couldn't believe it. What is the secret that the world-recognized third-class wizard had to hide even while erasing his memory?

“Canis, what is heaven? Is this really where the gods live?”

“Nothing is certain. that's why i'm going I want to see it with my own eyes So take me there.”

“No, I have changed my mind a bit. You are right. It's too dangerous. This is not a place to go out of curiosity.”

“No, I don't care what you think. The deal I proposed is to send me and Arin there. No matter what happens, we will definitely go to heaven.”

“Honestly, I don’t want to let you go either. You said that once you enter, you cannot return to the original door. Besides, if I don't go, they won't let me use Heaven's Gate. Because the chief looked desperate.”

---------------------------------------