[208] 4. Heaven's Truth (2)

The handcuffs were engraved with a pattern similar to the henna I saw at Nord's Shelter, but they didn't move as if they were fixed in space and couldn't even cast magic.

I wouldn't have used this method because I was afraid of humans.

Amy thought of a frog caught in the lab.

The reason for tying up the limbs before dissection is not because you are afraid of frogs. 

When I thought about it, I got goosebumps.

At least, it was said that struggling was a natural thing to do.

Tess and Arin were also keeping silent, probably thinking the same thing.

As if if I didn't make a sound, the current tension would be maintained forever.

The only consolation was that Tess didn't have a drone on her wrist.

Arriving at Jebul, she flew the drone without Ikasa noticing.

It was a base for those who received Ganja's education.

'What happened? Why can't I see anything?'

But her efforts were useless right now.

The drone is able to guide Syrone and the others to arrive as quickly as possible, but nothing appears on the retina screen.

She didn't know that space itself was isolated as a function of the Mecha.

Kariel inspected the machine about 70 meters from the globular cluster.

It was a gigantic pillar that reached all the way to the ceiling, and thousands of panels were emitting various lights.

Kariel was floating 10 meters high, arms crossed, staring at the screen.

The screen was filled with complicated symbols that Amy and the others couldn't understand.

Amy examined Kariel's halo.

Ikasa's ring was so huge and clear that it was impossible to touch it.

Schematics and formulas appeared and disappeared like afterimages inside the boundary line, and whenever they did, the screen of the mechanical device was rapidly changing.

- System check complete. Let the wine of life begin. Please enter the molecular structure of the genetic material.

An eerie woman's voice came from the ceiling.

Even Arin could not analyze the voice of the machine. But trying to telepathize with Kariel was crazy.

Kariel, who had been staring at the screen for a while, flew to the women.

I heard a low-pitched vibration like a contrabass.

he was a young man He was tall, two and a half feet tall, and wore a white robe. His luminary body was so bright that it felt like a hole had been punched through space.

Amy mustered up her courage and glared at him.

If something had to happen, he would be the first to act. It was because she didn't want to think of Tess or Arin suffering first when she was caught with her friends.

“Aren’t you ashamed of being an archangel? Aren’t you going to take off these handcuffs quickly?”

“It’s a low-level, human-like idea. I have redeemed you in order to fulfill my duties as an archangel.”

Arin, who was watching Kariel closely, bit her lip.

It was the first menarche like this. 

All I could see was a vibrating string. The vibration was shaking in a complicated way, showing a form, but even that was unclear.

Kariel only existed by chance.

Amy shot again.

“A job? What are you trying to do to us?”

“Come to think of it, you forgot my introduction. I am Archangel Kariel. He is dispatched to the occupied area under the order of Ra and is in charge of implementing the art of life. Now I will administer the wine of life to you also. It is an honorable mission, so accept it happily.”

“You are laughing! What nonsense are you talking about tying people up! Get rid of this quickly!”

Amy shook herself. Since the handcuffs were fixed at waist level, all he could do was stomp his feet like a child complaining.

Tess, who was brooding over Kariel's words, asked as if wondering.

"for a moment. occupied territory? So, you mean attacking other worlds from heaven?”

Kariel was lost in thought. The law is always right. However, to convince humans, a different method of communication was needed.

"It's just conveying Ra's will. God loves humans and wants them to last forever. Your world will sooner or later submit to the will of Ra.”

Terrifying thoughts seized Tess.

According to the idea she had just recalled, Ra was the tyrant of the universe. It crossed my mind that the subjects of Heaven must also have been residents of the occupied territory somewhere.

cried Amy.

“We saw the drinking of anecdotes! Is that how you love humans? It’s no different than a perverted killer!”

“I don't understand. Humans mistake love for power. He doesn't think that being loved by someone is a great ability. Ra cares about you simply because you are beings to whom you can give names.”

Amy recalled the life book. Fairies control the lifespan of their subjects through their names.

But isn't a name given to anyone? What does giving a name mean to Ra?

Tess said sarcastically.

“So, what are you going to do with us? Since you are handcuffed, will you at least brandish a whip and love me?”

“You have an important mission.”

"mission? What mission?”

“To conceive my child.”

The faces of Amy, Tess, and Arin all turned red at the same time. Goosebumps made her hair stand on end, and her irritability soared.

Amy shouted, unable to control the shaking of her chin.

“It’s like a pervert! touch my body I won't let you go!”

“What a pitiful response. do not worry. It's just relaying the angel's information to your body.”

Tess was even more annoyed by that. For example, it was the language of perverts who tried to accurately express what they knew clearly.

“In short, I don’t mean to play dirty with us.”

Kariel showed a displeased look.

“Human expression is vulgar. The Art of Life is a high-level technique that only I can do among the archangels. Do not compare it with the reproduction of lower human beings.”

- The preparation of the drink of life is complete. 100% information integration rate. Would you like to duplicate?

Just then, a woman's voice was heard from the ceiling.

Kariel flew up into the sky as if there was no need for words.

"a copy."

- Replicates genetic material. Time required 2 minutes 30 seconds.

Kariel's asteroid expanded into a ring over 20 meters in diameter.

When I put my index and middle fingers together, a bead-sized light was born from my fingertips.

It was small in size, but strong enough to light up a great world war.

Kariel returned the halo to the asteroid and returned to the women.

A diamond-shaped glass panel emitting a purple light was made at the tip of the finger where the light had disappeared.

“In this panel, near-infinite life information is stored. Got it? In order to create humans, we need information from all life forms that existed before humans.”

“What do you know! Whatever it is, we won't do it!”

cried Amy. She was so full of energy that she was going to die, but when she explained it, her annoyance soared.

However, Kariel continued to explain without an audience, as if she had a lot of pride in her art of life.

“The information of angels is delicate and complex. This is also the reason why the success rate of Nephilim in women who have given birth to a child drops significantly. In that sense, you are on the lucky side. Because I have the honor of being able to directly bear the descendant of a great angel.”

“The Nephilim… … What are you going to do after giving birth?”

“I am sending you to another world. In this case, it will be your world.”

“Are you going to edify the humans there and offer them to the gods?”

Kariel kept her mouth shut at the point-blank question.

It was like that after all. The woman in the occupied area gives birth to Nephilim, reforms the people there, and leads them to the gods.

Tess realized that the Nephilim were spies of some sort.

That is what it means to be free from the law.

There will never be a way to impose the laws of one's country on a fighter hiding in an enemy country.

Kariel held out the floating panel at her fingertips.

"do not worry. I’m just passing on information, so I won’t feel shame.”

When a glass panel is attached to the forehead, glass thorns protrude and pierce the brain like roots.

Through that root, angelic information penetrates and creates life from a woman's body.

Kariel held the glass panel to each of the three women's foreheads as if they were the right size.

All of them had tall and pretty foreheads, so they seemed suitable for rooting.

“Hmm, that’s right. Shall I let you decide? Who will be the first to be subjected to this glorious art?”

The three women shouted at the same time.

“I will do it first!”

The women looked at each other as if they hadn't expected this reaction. The fact that we were fighting together gave us courage again.

Kariel was satisfied. 

In order for the art of life to succeed, the angel's information must be accurate, but the mother's role was also quite important.

The probability of success is about 1 in 30, and if it fails, it will go into shock and die.

However, the more mentally strong and the better the physical condition, the greater the chance of success.

In that respect, all three women were excellent choices.

- Replication of genetic material is complete.

When a voice came down from the ceiling, Kariel raised her hand.

Panels of the same shape were created on the left and right of the vertically floating glass panels.

“Good sisters. Since there is no distinction between superiority and inferiority, let’s plant them at the same time.”

The three panels that left Kariel's hands came closer, swimming in the air.

Amy's party was seized with uncontrollable rage. Only now did I realize it clearly.

Archangel Kariel was the worst pervert.

@

Ryan and Kanis arrived at Jebul.

As soon as I crossed the wall, the scene of the Buddhist memorial service was confirmed in the form of countless discs spreading outward. It was like seeing a floating city built on a lotus flower.

As expected from the outside, the interior of Jebul was a maze of dimensions. 

Space and the way it leaps was too complicated for human thinking to calculate. 

There must be some rules, but the two didn't have time to think about them.

I followed the memory Peope gave me and only moved my steps according to the coordinates.

After going to the same place several times, Kanis was able to find a portal to Ingris.

“Let’s break up here. Even if you know the way, finding it is another matter. It would be good if at least one person went first.”

“Are you okay? If I can't unlock the mecha system, there's no point in me going first. If there are enemies in Ingris, it would be more effective to defeat them together.”

Canis looked back at the portal. 

There was no special device in sight, but from the memory Peope gave, this was Ingris.

The odds of Ingris having enemies were slim, as she hadn't encountered anyone so far.

But if there were, the enemy was at least more than Mara. 

In that respect, it might be better to move together as Lian said.

But Kanis didn't change his mind.

You don't know how long it will take to unlock the mecha system. Under no circumstances was it a good idea to waste manpower.

“Anyway, nothing is certain. There is no guarantee that it will be easier just because the two of you go. Let's each do what we can. That's for the best now.”

Ryan was convinced. After arranging the Cigna and Exd given to him by Lena, he headed east of Jebul.

Kanis took a deep breath and stepped onto the platform.

I didn't have to do anything. As soon as I stepped on the coordinates, a crack in the floor opened and a light exploded with a bang.

While I closed and opened my eyes once, the scenery had changed.

Angel's Library Ingris.

Contrary to the warm feeling contained in the word library, it was a mechanical landscape with no humanity in it.

There was a cross-shaped path based on the central control unit, and the walls were plastered with vertically erected rectangular panels.

Harvest appeared displeased.

To him who feels the world through vibrations, Ingris is a space filled with vibrations without any margin.

Kanis looked to see if there were any enemies. 

I'll probably have to go around all the corners, but so far I haven't seen anything that stands out.

---------------------------------------