[328] Battle Mage's Philosophy (2)

“Aww!”

It was a solid snowball that made the bones ring. Furthermore, the place he was standing on was a slippery ice field.

Unable to keep his balance, Zocre fell forward.

The absurdity was short-lived, and anger welled up. What fearless human being would play such a prank?

"what! who is this!"

Zocre touched the back of his head and turned his head.

A gray-haired handsome boy was standing outside the skating rink throwing snowballs at him. Opposite him was an iced coffee in his hand, unsuitable for the cold weather.

“No matter how unpopular he is with women, it’s okay if he touches a couple on a date.”

Zocre narrowed his eyes at the familiar face.

Vivian murmured with a surprised expression.

“That child… … Dante right? Air servant Dante.”

Dante entered the skating rink with his shoes on. As he spurred off the ice and slipped on one leg, Ludvans and Vivian unknowingly opened the way.

'oh my god. Are you really Dante?'

Vivian couldn't believe it when she saw it with her own eyes.

From the time she entered magic school, she was the idol of everyone who never missed the first place in the kingdom. Because she was such a Dante, when the news of her defeat by Sirone was published in an academic journal, all the students in the kingdom were shocked.

In his school days, Zocre also had a time when he scrapped Dante's articles and pasted them on his notebook to burn his determination.

But how long will you be bound by the memories of your student days?

Above all, being hit in the back of the head before even making a full statement was the humiliation of a lifetime.

“Hey, you… … .”

Dante ignored Zocre's words and approached Sirone.

“It’s been a while, Sirone. Amy too.”

Amy crossed her arms and glanced at him.

“What? Are you calling me by your senior name now?”

"haha! It's the same graduating class from next semester anyway.”

Amy wasn't in a bad mood either.

At the time of the two thousand battle, he was treated like a senior, so his friendly attitude was rather awkward.

But Dante's personality was really cool, and it seemed that those memories had already been erased from his head.

In any case, it was true that even if you were a rival at school, the joy of meeting an alumni outside took precedence.

Sirone said with a smile.

“I see you in a place like this. What's going on?"

“As you can see, I came to play. I travel every vacation. But Creas is the first. Someone recommended a winter festival.”

"I see. did you come alone? Closer and Sabina?”

“They have special training as soon as they go on vacation. By now you should be realizing what hell is. After all, they are tired kids to hang out with.”

When Dante shrugged, Sirone burst into laughter.

Even though I was having fun, I was wondering if it was okay to be like this. But when she saw Dante's laid-back side of her, it occurred to her that her own burdens were nothing.

'Dante, you're really amazing.'

Sometimes when I look back on the 2,000 battles, I am surprised that I beat Dante.

Aside from magic, he had a star quality. The power to draw people's attention was not something that could be obtained through hard work.

As expected from Baska, the capital city, he dressed well.

Wearing a blue coat, black skinny pants, and a purple muffler, he looked radiant without standing out.

In addition, he had a piercing in one ear. From the point of view of Sirone, who is unfamiliar with fashion, I couldn't help but be surprised.

But Zokre had a different idea.

Totally ignored.

Even in front of Amy's eyes. No, in front of Sirone, Amy's boyfriend.

The most upsetting thing was that the friendship between Sirone, Amy, and Dante seemed so radiant.

'Is this what geniuses play with geniuses? Putting them together like this really annoys me.'

Zokre took a deep breath and threw his words.

“Hey, Dante.”

"huh?"

Dante bit into a straw and looked back. She seemed to completely forget what she had done a moment ago.

“If you hit someone, shouldn’t you say you’re sorry? Even to the wizard-senpai.”

"senior? Who are you?”

“Zocre, a graduate of Eins Magic School. I mean, I’m not in a position to hear the voice of a promising player like you.”

Dante blinked as he sucked on the straw.

The longer Dante's silence was, the more anxious Zocre was.

There's nothing to say even if it's disrespectful, but it's because I pictured in my head what he was thinking.

Of course, Eins Magic School was the alma mater that Zocre loved, and he had no shame in choosing to transfer.

But Dante was from the Royal Magic School.

The most prestigious in the kingdom.

Although he is currently attending Alpheas Magic School to avenge his defeat by Sirone, it is the same as being one of the top 5 schools anyway.

Above all, since he was a former apprentice of Olivia, a certified second-class wizard, there was no way he could catch his eye.

"sorry. It's a name I haven't heard of. And aren't you the one who flirted with the couple having fun?"

"this… … !”

Sparks flew in Zokre's eyes. The word “unheard of” stuck in his heart like a thorn.

In the minors, their names were well known, so even Ludvans and Vivian, who had some expectations, looked cold.

“Dante, don’t be mistaken. Do you think you can do anything? Yes, I am a student. And he was defeated horribly by Sirone. Such sirone is a genius. Even Amy, who was said to be a genius recognized by the world, is just a second student after all.”

“It’s very threaded.”

Dante said without changing a single expression.

“That is the difference between you and us. We get published in academic journals, and you buy and read them.”

Rather, Sirone's face became hot.

If he likes to kill, Dante ruthlessly tramples on his opponent's weaknesses.

It's cool if you're cool, but it was hell for the victim.

As expected, Zocre and his party's faces were distorted, and even blood could be seen in their eyes.

If it was intended to be a provocation, it would have worked, but I was worried because I knew it wasn't.

'Damn it! damn it! damn it!'

Zokre was about to die of anger. Why should I be treated like this?

In common sense, the position should be the opposite.

A person who succeeds in graduation is arrogant, and it is normal for them to look at themselves with jealousy and envy.

'joy! pitiful things! Do you think the school sign will live your life for you?'

Zocre glared at Sirone and the others, contemplating how to subdue them.

'huh? That... … .'

Then, he saw something shiny under Sirone's coat. Upon closer inspection, it was a sword.

'Why are you wearing a sword at the festival? No, you're a lower class than that, aren't you? Can I carry a weapon?'

Zokre pondered the reason. Then he realized something and burst into laughter.

“Puhahaha! It was, it was After all, you are the same.”

When Zocre's personality suddenly changed, Dante quietly backed away as if frightened.

Either way, Zocre pointed at Sirone.

“Aren’t you a guy who pretends to be confident but is full of qualifications? Seriously, would a lowly citizen wear a sword? Well, since my lover is the highest noble, he must have wanted to match the assortment.”

Vivian looked over and gave a surprised expression.

“Oh, is it really? But isn't that illegal?"

“Of course it is illegal! Where is the heavenly citizen wearing a sword? Can you scream out loud about this?”

Zocre approached Sirone and opened the coat.

It was a serious crime for commoners to wear a sword anyway, so there was no hesitation in their hands.

As the button was ripped off, the coat opened, revealing Armand's silver scabbard worn around the waist.

“As expected, my prediction was correct. to be anxious. Do you think you can become a nobleman like this?”

Sirone's eyes grew cold.

“Back off. And pay for your coat.”

Sirone desperately controlled her emotions. The inner monster that smelled the anger was about to come out again.

However, Zocre, who seized the victory, was busy talking about himself.

“Seeing that it has no decorations and is completely flimsy, it is obvious that it is cheap. Well, I don't know where to get an expensive sword... … .”

Zocre reached for the handle.

Since the length is short, the blade will not look good either. I was thinking of picking it up and repaying twice the humiliation I had suffered so far.

But the thought ended there.

Zokre's movements stopped when he heard the sound of rushing water. Then his arms slowly came up.

His pupils trembled in shock, and his skin, which felt the chill, raised fluff.

“This, this… … .”

Ludvans and Vivian's faces were stained with astonishment. Sirone's sword had been pulled out of its own accord and was digging deep under Zocre's chin.

“What, what? How did the sword... … .”

Sirone was frowning.

Not because he was mad at Zokre. If it was too late to control his emotions, Zokre's neck would already be rolling on the ice.

'I thought it was too complacent.'

Rated control is a great function, but the problem was that the synchronization was so perfect that it was affected by the actions of the demons in the first level of depth.

Sirone was a mage who trained her mind not to lose her cool in any situation. But that didn't mean there were no changes in emotions.

The anger that soared through the momentary gap forced Armand to come out of the scabbard.

This feeling of disappointment in herself angered Sirone.

Sensing his master's anger, Armand trembled, and the cry of the sword was heard through Zocre's eardrum.

Zocre gritted his teeth and glared at Sirone.

"you… … !”

“This is your final warning. just go back I won't stand it if you're being rude one more time.”

Under the pressure of death, Zokre's legs slid back and forth on the ice as if their strength had waned.

At this rate, he would lose his balance and collapse. Then Ludvans came and supported Zocre's back.

“Let’s go back. We are full wizards. If we have an accident here, we will be the ones to lose.”

It was meant to cheer up Zocre, but realistically it was the right thing to say.

"joy! Cheeky children! Let's see how well it goes.”

Zocre cursed until the end.

However, it just felt rather shabby because Ludvans was pulling and dragging the back belt.

It was only after Zocre and the others left the skating rink that Sirone stabbed Armand in the scabbard.

“Yaya, no matter how angry you are, if you swing a knife, you will use it.”

Sirone's eyes widened at Dante's words.

“You are laughing! It's all because of you! Of course, he did such a provocation! What about my coat! You make up for it!”

“It’s like a button, you just have to put it back on. What's the sword you're wearing anyway? Is that magic too?”

Amy looked around and said.

“Don’t do that, let’s move for now. people are staring Maybe the guards will come.”

I still don't know that Sirone is a commoner, so I think it's an incident, but if the guards are dispatched to investigate, things will become more complicated.

“Then, shall we go to a cafe and get some coffee? Of course, I helped you, so let's assume you guys live.”

“Do you buy me coffee because something is pretty? And aren’t you drinking coffee right now?”

“This is iced coffee. So let’s go get something warm.”

"you… … Are you a coffee addict?”

Dante raised an iced coffee and winked one eye.

"no. I am a coffee maniac.”

* * *

Sirone's party found a cafe called 'Cozy Tea House' in the shopping district and entered it.

As the warmth spread, his cheeks turned red.

Shirone, who trembled as if shaking off the chill clinging to her clothes, sat down at the table and took out her sewing kit.

Dante received the menu.

“When you travel, you have to order special products. Let's see, Ice Queen's hot coffee? Isn't this a bit of a strange name?"

Amy waved her hand in annoyance.

“The strange thing is the pass. I just want some orange juice.”

"okay? Then I'm Ice Queen's hot coffee. Sirone, what are you going to drink?”

Said Sirone, concentrating on buttoning up.

“I like hot cocoa.”

---------------------------------------