Biology Program (1)

Tormia Kingdom.

An unnamed village in the San Ferros region.

"hurry! Please go faster!”

A wagon was speeding along a steep mountain road at terrifying speed.

The exterior was sleek considering only mobility, and behind it was a wagon containing medical equipment.

A wagon wheel got caught on a rock and bounced off, and the medical staff riding inside pressed against the wall.

“The road is too rough! Going at this speed... … !”

Before the coachman could finish talking, Seriel pulled back the curtains and came out of the cabin.

"are you okay! Please go at full speed!”

The coachman gritted his teeth and swung the reins, and finally saw a shabby village over the mountain road.

It belongs to the kingdom of Tormia, so it is not without a name, but the current village was completely closed.

An unknown disease reported three days ago causes the inhabitants to mutate, which is what Seriel was looking for.

"Im here!"

The door opened with a bang, and a gray-haired man and Seriel jumped down as if they were about to jump into the water.

Following that, World Health Organization medical staff hurriedly began to gather medical equipment.

The head of the Molecular Biology Department, Tenos, was a curly-haired man with gray hair.

“Who is the mutant?”

Soldiers in antibacterial suits were guarding the entrance.

“All have died, and now there is only one left. But it is not in very good condition.”

"Move!"

As the soldiers pushed through, the medical officers shouted.

"It's not possible! Unreasonable entry in a state where epidemiological investigations have not been conducted properly… …

“Seriel! Follow me!”

"yes!"

After receiving an equipment bag from the medical team, Seriel followed Tenos into the village.

"What should I do? If this becomes contagious... …

Commander gave instructions.

"damn! Once the entrance is sealed. Any escaped residents will be shot and killed!”

As the troops reloaded their bows, medical staff from the World Health Organization followed one after another.

The village of 300 houses was littered with corpses, and the eyes of the survivors were wide with fear.

"Help me! Please let go!” As if they had escaped from the swamp of hell, people reached out their hands towards Seriel.

But she went deep into the village without even blinking.

There were also bodies piled up there.

'The range of variation is larger than expected.'

Can you really call that a person?

There were not only those whose arms and legs were changed to those of insects, but also corpses whose bodies were imitated as animals.

"exaggeration! Seriel!”

Suddenly coming to her senses, she looked back at the cabin where the manager's voice had been heard.

"yes!"

Upon entering, a pale-skinned, invisible man was tied to the bed.

“Big! Aagh!”

His eyes were unfocused as if he had already lost his reason, but only the fear remained.

“It’s still before the transformation! Extract it!” The medics ripped off all of the man's clothes, and Seriel climbed on top of him.

“Kuaaa! Aagh!”

I killed the struggle by squeezing the stomach with both hands, and quickly examined the man's body.

'Where are you? where are you?'

The point at which the parasite mutates the host's body does not deviate from the radius of 20 cm from the initial injection organ.

'found!'

Seriel's eyes widened when she found the injection wound on the man's chest.

'damn! It's the heart!'

It was a systemic mutation with a high probability.

“Scalpel!”

The moment the medical staff gave him a scalpel, the man's upper body shook more violently.

“Ouch! live, live... … !”

A human language that makes the mogol soft.

Seriel bit her lip and mercilessly cut the man's chest with a scalpel.

“Quaaaaaa!”

As the blood gushed out, a red dot appeared on Seriel's face as if it had been scorched with a brush.

She didn't close her eyes, but luckily the blood didn't get on her eyeballs.

However, it is not yet known how the parasite infects other organisms.

OOOOI” Sheriel, who put her hand into the man's heart, felt something different and pulled it out.

The cytoplasm, soft like a lump of cancer, was wriggling wildly as if it were alive.

"extracting!"

When the parasite was thrown into a metal box taken out by medical staff, the cell stems spread out like beards.

'It's almost instinct.'

The moment they confirmed that, the medical staff closed the box, and Seriel hurriedly performed first aid.

“I will cast a recovery spell.”

Tenos nodded and locked the box.

"please! please!"

The World Health Organization has a reputation for Seriel's recovery magic, but all he can do is hurt.

The man, whose energy had already been drained by the parasite, looked up at Seriel and moved his lips.

“Good, sir… …

"Do not speak. Recovery is the priority now.”

“… … I had a dream.”

The man had an expression of accepting death, and as far as Seriel knew, such a case belonged to a unique case.

“My body felt like it was on fire, but the pain suddenly disappeared. Are you a teacher?”

“It must be thanks to the extraction of the parasite. I can live. Calm down a little more.”

“The light pulled me in, and my eyes opened.”

The man recalled a dream.

“Nice scent and comfortable feel. These are things a poor person like me will never feel.”

Seriel didn't stop.

'This man too... …

There was something in common in the reports of mutations collected from all over the world.

“At that time, a thought popped into my mind. oh i'm rich It's something you've been dreaming about."

Tears ran down the man's cheeks.

“But the truth is, it was a dream. Yes, I am a poor man.”

“What did you see in the dream?”

He was still casting recovery magic, but the man's vitality did not revive.

“Cloudy sky. It may have been a window. From across the sky, something was looking down at me.”

“What was it?”

“I don’t know. It doesn't look good. Something small, grayish… … . Then suddenly the sky opened... …

At that moment, when I came to my senses, I was here.

“That was a dream. i was rich No, this must be a dream. Sir, I want to go back.”

As the tear-stained man cried out, Seriel grabbed his face.

“Calm down! The wound has already healed! You can live!”

"no! It's all fake! All… … ! Huh!”

The man's lungs swelled rapidly, his pupils rolled up, and he stopped breathing.

Seriel performed resuscitation, but the man's body temperature was rapidly cooling.

“Okay, chief. stop. Write a report.”

Seriel's head fell.

“Mutator Case B-38. After the parasite Argones was extracted, the body was restored, but died. The cause of death... …

Seriel's eyes, which slowly lifted her face, shone brightly.

"Suicide… … Estimated.”

As the medics quickly recorded, Seriel gave instructions as she got out of bed.

“By international agreement, the bodies of mutants are collected by the World Health Organization. Proceed in stealth. This is something that should not be talked about yet.”

It will be after Fisho's funeral that the temple announces this.

When Seriel left the door, Tenos was lighting a cigarette outside the cabin.

"Good job."

When I handed over the lit cigarette, Seriel took it and took a deep breath.

“… … Why are you dying?”

Tenos was speechless.

“Obviously the recovery has been perfect. There were no scars, no biological functions, no metabolism, nothing out of place. But how can a person die?”

"well. In vain?”

“Can a person just die because it is meaningless?”

"You can't tell me you're going to die."

Tenos lit his cigarette.

“Why is there such a case? When you feel like you have nothing left to live for. Good memories and bad memories are just brain signals after they pass.”

A finger with a cigarette in it pointed forward.

“They say they live in the present for the sake of the future, but in the end, all that remains is the past. It’s inefficient to live fiercely while keeping only that memory in your head.”

“I didn’t know you had such thoughts.”

Tenos shrugged.

“I’m talking theoretically. To live in reality is to live in the senses. But sensation is a kind of impulse. Can you call it life? And the moment of recognition is already in the past.”

A long puff of cigarette smoke blew out.

“Past, present, future, there are no humans anywhere. The only thing that exists in this world is emptiness.”

"That's my word."

Tenos raised an eyebrow.

“I tried to imitate Buddha, but I really don’t know. If humans are just signals coming from outside, it is no different from dreaming. Could it be suicide? Maybe he realized that there is no reality here.”

“Do you want to call it liberation? A near-death experience is a personal experience. It cannot be scientifically proven.”

“… … So you have to find out.” Tenos threw away his cigarette.

“Fishaw's choice was right. It is fortunate that Ivory Tower Oh Dae-seong was among my alumni. Even the Temple wouldn't be able to read the secrets until it betrayed the Ivory Tower. come on Go find out exactly what Fishaw found out.” Of course I thought so.

"All right."

“It's late for the carriage. Use space shift. You can quarantine at the branch and leave immediately.”

“All personnel who participated in the Argones Project must move according to the movement line suggested by the upper level.”

“I will take responsibility. The instructions will be released tomorrow anyway. Don't worry about this place and focus on Creas." Seriel also wished for it, so he lowered his head and cast space movement magic.

“I’m coming.”

A roar split the sky.

The day of Fishaw's funeral.

Creas Municipal Cemetery was crowded from morning with celebrities from all walks of life.

“There are so many people.”

As much as he had been in the magic school for a long time, there was a large crowd on the side of the Alpheas Magic School sign. Elsewhere, however, there were also figures who seemed completely unrelated to Fishaw.

said Dorothy.

“Certainly it is not just a funeral. Let us not be vigilant and keep an eye on the dynamics.”

Arin asked.

“Are you saying there could be a fight?”

“Not really, but… …

Sabina stabbed her in the side.

“Stop talking like that. Don't you know everything because you heard it from your lover? Are we doing this among ourselves?”

At the word lover, Dorothy blushed.

hit

“I-I don’t know. I mean, Iruki didn't say anything. He just said it could be dangerous.”

Closer raised a finger.

"excuse me."

Alpheas, the principal of the magic school, and Olivia, the vice principal, were talking with the students.

"principal!"

When the excavation team, including Dorothy, greeted them, Alpheas smiled benevolently.

“You’re here. thanks."

“Of course you have to come. However, the atmosphere is a bit strange. What's going on?" “Because of Fishaw's will. It seems there is a problem we don't know about. There was even a protest a little while ago.”

"yes? demonstration?"

When Dorothy turned her head, officials from other countries were arguing with the temple officials.

“This is absurd. Do you know how much the kingdom of Miel has invested in the temple?”

“Please understand. Again, the authority to disclose the will does not exist in the Super Monster Research Institute, nor does it exist in the temple.”

“No, what do you mean… … !” The moment the official couldn't hold back his anger and was about to raise the bar, the knight pointed to the entrance.

“Ambassador, over there.”

As if those words were a signal, hundreds of people fell silent at the same time.

“The Five Great Stars of the Ivory Tower.”

Sirone, the only person Fishaw had granted access to, was entering with Amy.