[491] New variable (4)

“Hmm.”

The meat gun pushed power into the hand holding the dagger, but Etela's strength was strong enough to make her feel like a machine.

Even in the tense situation where the blade trembled in front of his neck, Meat Gun was the first to question.

'What happened? I must have stopped breathing.'

Etela's eyes, which were wide open, gradually began to fill with vitality.

Yin-Yang Wave Fist Spiritualism.

It is a technique that momentarily stops breathing and increases the pressure in the abdominal cavity to explosively increase strength.

However, Frankwine's attack power was so strong that he experienced a momentary cardiac arrest.

'Even if it was a little late, it would have been dangerous.'

Ethella, who had regained full consciousness, slowly pushed Meatgun's wrist away.

Feeling that it was not possible, Meat Gun gave up the thrust and flew away, and at the same time, Ethella's kick surged.

Meat Gun, who almost suffered the same vital point that Frank Wein had suffered, stroked his groin in a chilling feeling.

If it was a boss who sold his soul to the devil, it was absolutely undesirable for him to be defeated there.

Ethella hurriedly stood up and took a fighting stance.

The area where she had been beaten still throbbed, but as she straightened her back, enduring the pain, she said as if she was firing at her.

“Are you crazy? Selling your soul to the devil.”

Ethella could not confirm the existence of Satan with her own eyes, but she intuited it only with the temperament of a monk.

Otherwise, no human being could contain such an evil.

“Because I’ve been doing business with the boss.”

Meatgun bent one side of his head and said.

"If it's something you can sell, there's nothing valuable."

At the same time as Etella spurred off the ground, Meat Gun also raised both fists and prepared to fight.

As the essence of Yin-Yang Wave Fist raged like a storm, Meat Gun was in a hurry to avoid the attack by bending his back without rest.

Mirror cycle - reflection of events.

The moment Etella's fist struck her side, the same impact exploded from her side.

“Kuk!”

Taking advantage of that opportunity, when the meat gun struck Etella's face, her body spun like a top and retreated several meters.

"You can't touch me."

Meatgun stroked his fists with a fearless attitude and slowly approached Ethella.

His ability, Mirror Cycle, perceives the body as a mirror and reflects the event itself.

This is an ability that can be manifested through the distortion of the three fields of time, space, and spirit that he uses in the world he used to live in.

The mind perceives a mirror that reflects the event, and distorts the space so that the mirror can be realized.

Finally, time is distorted until a mirror is implemented in a specific space, and the mind is projected into reality.

“It’s an embarrassing skill since it’s already been broken.”

In order to prevent the reflection of the incident, you need to break the mirror located in Meat Gun's cognition.

Gaold had done it at headquarters, but Ethella's fists still didn't have a jaw.

“It’s too much to handle one woman.”

This time, Meat Gun tried to attack first.

Apart from the abnormal effect of realizing the ability to reflect events, the psychological pressure was enormous.

However, through long training, Etella broke her fear and counterattacked against Meat Gun's attack.

Etela had the upper hand in Kwon's technique, but there was no reason to avoid the meat gun.

“Huh!”

As all events entering the meat gun were reflected, waves began to spread through Etela's body.

As if standing in front of a mirror, Ethella fell into the illusion that she was hitting herself, not the meat gun.

That fact conveyed that if the final wave was applied here, it would be himself, not the meat gun, that would break.

“Because I can’t.”

Meatgun's voice became faint and the cells of his whole body shook and even his consciousness was fading away.

'Don't give up! certainly… … !'

Frankwine must be stopped.

After being defeated by Arcane, her will for good grew stronger.

And finally, now that he had assumed his lifelong enemy, that will had filled his whole body and erased any doubt about goodness.

It felt like my head was being split open, but it wasn't pain, it was a transcendent sense of liberation.

'what?'

thud! thud! thud! thud! thud!

Every single blow from Etella's fist pierced the mirror cycle and delivered a crushing shock to Meatgun's body.

Yin-Yang Wave Fist Secret Weapon - Transcendence of Divine Redemption.

'Damn it!'

A technique that uses the power of incarnation to directly impact the opponent's incarnation.

As the shock wave passed over Meatgun's body and shook his mind, the mirror cycle began to crack little by little.

Thinking that it would be dangerous at this rate, Meatgun backed away, but his legs were already weak and staggered.

At the same time, Ethella rapidly approached and thrust out both hands and struck him in the stomach.

The effect of the mirror cycle was still being activated, but there was no hesitation in her gesture of destroying the mirror.

lightning field.

Woooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooh!

Numerous waves swirling inside were swept away by a single wave, and a formidable shock wave exploded.

Meatgun, who had been hit in the stomach, slowly lowered his fists and stayed there for a long time.

After staggering back for a while, a gob of blood gushed out of his mouth.

“Huh!”

Ethella bent down and captured the waves spreading from her body with both fists clenched.

It's thanks to the impact on Meatgun's mind that the mirror's sharpness has been reduced, but even if it wasn't for that, he would have made the same attack.

Unless you have that level of determination, you will not be able to pierce the opponent with the incarnation.

Ironically, that belief broke the enemy, and Etella approached Meatgun, who fell sprawled on the floor.

“Don't move. If we treat it now, we might be able to live.”

Meatgun did not react.

I've never lived a life begging for someone's life.

“… … You are a strange woman.”

Meatgun raised his hand with difficulty, took out the disk from his inner pocket, and threw it at Etella's feet.

“Go to the boss.”

Meatgun's eyes slowly closed.

“Maybe you will like it.”

Etella put the disk in her bosom and bowed her head toward Meatgun's corpse, mourning the death.

“Whoa!”

And when she opened her eyes again, Etella's eyes were shining much clearer than before fighting Meat Gun.

'I can feel it, where he is.'

It was only after awakening to incarnation that everything became clear.

Frankwine's incarnation was not human.

absolute evil.

A huge evil spirit was blowing from far away on the wind.

* * *

Kururrureung!

The walls of Heaven were crumbling on all sides.

The noise that resonated with the heavens and earth was so great that even if someone shouted right next to them, they couldn't hear it, and the rising dust made it impossible to see an inch ahead.

Despite the loss of sight and hearing, the advance of the rebels showed no signs of stopping.

"sister! Only 10 kilometers to Arrabot!”

Upon hearing Lena's communication, Kanya's eyes began to see the light of hope for the first time.

While most of the rebels fled to Jebul through the collapsed walls, the 1st Command remained in Matei until the end and continued to advance.

Currently, Matei was the only strategic point that could block the road to Jebul, and someone had to remain and block the enemy's pursuit.

'can win! I can really win!'

The war is over when it reaches Araboth and Ankera.

because it doesn't move.

Being an absolute being like the sun, Ra will neither fight nor run away.

Kanya looked in all directions through multivision.

No one spares their lives and fights fiercely, but it was the machine, not the human, that achieved outstanding results.

An ancient weapon for archangels, Babel.

The power output from the powerful engine surpassed the giant's physical strength, and the blade-like fingertips easily cut through tough muscles.

'amazing. Whoever made that... … .'

Kanya abruptly stopped thinking.

As a Mecca, she also feels a sense of wonder at Babel's design, but admiring the enemy was unacceptable.

-Enemy in sight! It's a big army!

After hearing the communication, Kanya suddenly came to her senses and looked at her vision.

Indeed, an enormous army of giants was rushing towards them, filling their field of view.

“We will take it! Give me cover!”

When the 120 Norse troops stopped fighting and prepared collective magic, the Kuroi troops escorted them in perfect order.

Estacion, an ancient magic that is only possible when more than 100 wizards connect their minds.

The atmosphere in a radius of 100 meters was torn to pieces and began to cut the flesh of the giant troops.

“Whoa!”

Even though he was watching through his vision, he felt the ferocious power of magic with his own skin.

"sister! It doesn't work!”

Lena shouted in a frightened voice.

Even after being hit by Estacion, no one in the giant unit was defeated.

The basic durability itself is different from the giants that have fought so far.

They were executives who had reached the 5th level of Anecdotal Liquor.

“Trample the enemies! They are just worms!”

Each giant wielded a weapon and destroyed the rebel camp.

Every time the blade flashed, Kuroi was cut off, and people flew left and right with only the sword wind.

- Activate map weapon. Codename Babel.

Babel, who came down to the ground, transformed into a map weapon mode.

His upper body opened wide, his limbs stuck into the ground, and he aimed the gun barrel with a giant glass ball at the giants.

Puff pup pup pup pup!

As photoelectric cannons were fired in bundles, holes were pierced in the bodies of the giants that were filling up the field of view.

Kanya, as well as all the rebels, watched the scene in awe.

The only feeling they felt was a small but very realistic feeling that maybe they could win.

"The struggling of the insects is so terrible that I can't bear to see it."

There was one giant watching the confrontation between a giant and a human on the wall of Matei.

Giant Corps Commander Girshin.

Standing 3 meters tall and flapping a black cloak, he held a long, broad double-edged sword in his hand.

Having reached the 7th level of Anecdotal Art, he was never inferior to Ymir at the 10th level, but he was the absolute No. 2 among the giants in terms of arms.

“Ymir, I will end the war on your behalf.”

Girshin kicked off the wall and jumped to the ground.

As soon as he arrived, he rotated and swung his sword, and the rebels within a radius of 10 meters were split in two without knowing what they were doing.

“Enemies! Siege!”

The rebels who discovered Girshin turned their bodies in unison.

Even now, they did not know what kind of monster the person standing in front of them was, and when they realized it, their brain and body had already been separated.

Kwa Kwa Kwa Kwa Kwa Kwa Kwa!

Girshin did not stop and ran to the heart of the rebels.

Like the wind playing with feathers, every time he moved, humans swung around, and every time he swung his sword, blood flowed to heaven.

“Lena! Dangerous!"

Kanya, confirmed through the multi-vision, rapidly twisted Kuroi's direction.

Even just by looking at Girshin's sword, he felt that he was an opponent on a different level from the enemies he had fought so far.

The moment Girshin reached through the rebels in a straight line and raised a double-edged sword at Lena, Kanya blocked his way and aimed his cannon.

“A foolish thing.”

Before he could even pull the trigger, the gun barrel was slashed and the body immediately split in two.

As the cockpit fell to the floor, a tremendous shock was transmitted, but Kanya desperately held on to her spirit.

Girshin was seen wielding a sword on every screen in Multivision.

“Kuk!”

At the same time as pressing the emergency escape button, Kuroi was separated like a piece.

Lena, who was rolling on the ground as the chair protruded out, looked around without taking time to look for herself.

“Lena!”

Girshin passed Kuroi, which had been cut into pieces, and charged Lena.

“No eh eh eh!”

The moment Kanya's heart stopped along with Lena's life, a gray flash flew in and blocked Girshin's path.

Kaaaaaaaaaa!

Even in the chaotic noise, iron and iron's ripples clearly pierced Kanya's ears.

“Hoo?”

At the appearance of the mechanical device that blocked the 7th level giant's physical strength, Guru raised an eyebrow.

“I remember. It used to be fun.”

“Babel protects Kanya and Lena.”

Kanya hurriedly crawled over to Lena and hugged her sister who passed out from shock.

"why?"

There is no reason for Babel to release the map weapon in the midst of battle and come to save his brother and himself.

Because it is a very human judgment.

Even in Sirone's algorithm, protecting Kanya and Lena is the third priority option.

But that's why Babel moved.

It's a fact that Kanya will never know, but from the moment Girshin appeared, the first and second priorities in her mind were erased.

And that also meant that the probability of victory obtained through Babel's transcendent calculation converged to 0%.

---------------------------------------