[90] Group (6)

“Light is beauty.”

"yes? I beg your pardon?"

Alpheas asked. It was natural that he did not know photonics, but this kind of answer was unexpected.

“The light is beautiful. Flowers are beautiful too. We are beautiful too. But the light you speak of... … It doesn't sound pretty.”

Alpheas felt like he had been hit in the head with a hammer. It was a direct hit in the form of a pure thought that could not be cast into words.

“Yeah, that’s right. But why is light so beautiful?”

To Alpheas, light was just a photon. But Erina, as if she knew everything, answered without hesitation.

“The light shows the darkness. How do we see the night sky without light?”

The world has gone silent. like the universe

Alpheas didn't say anything. The thoughts he really wanted poured over his head like a waterfall.

Why would you want to differentiate between the two? If you take a step back, you can see it so clearly.

Because it is beautiful.

Any contradiction becomes no contradiction.

“It is beauty. You are so beautiful, Ms. Erina.”

Erina turned her head while smiling innocently like a child. The moment he saw her smile, Alfeas made up his mind.

To remember this moment for the rest of my life.

Alpheas knelt down to Erina. and held out her right hand in her most respectful gesture.

“Please be my light.”

That night 40 years ago. 

Confession under the moonlight was a happy memory to Alpheas that could not be exchanged with the rest of the world. A gentle smile appeared on his lips as the Abyss Nova curtain was lifted.

Reversed Master/Servant (1)

Canis glared at the white light burning on Sirone's palm. It was an overwhelming presence. Of course, he had the belligerence to run towards death without hesitation. He just thought that even if he died, he had to find his money.

- Harvey. I'm on the side of fighting let's stick

- That magic. How fast? It may not be possible to avoid it.

- You can block it.

- If you can't stop it, you die. If you die, I will perish too. I'll have to fight in the end, but there are too many variables.

Exchanging opinions at the speed of thought was a huge advantage in battle. However, there was also a disadvantage of not knowing what kind of judgment to make if opinions were divided into extremes.

“How did this happen?”

It was an unexpected voice that broke the atmosphere of the confrontation. A shadow from the cliff rushed in like water, and a scrawny old man rose to the surface of the darkness.

It was Archmage Arcane.

The impression of Arcane, who grasped the situation at a glance, was crumpled. The reason I was able to do my best in Etela was because I was convinced that the situation here had already been sorted out.

Arcane believed in Canis. No, he firmly believed in Harvest, who was subordinate to Kanis.

However, when I arrived, the situation was completely different from what I expected. 

Lucas is down with a miserable face, and Canis and Harvest are being threatened by a youngster.

“Sorry, Master.”

Arcane was not a generous person. Ignoring Canis' apology, he turned coldly and glared at Sirone.

'I heard that it looks familiar.' 

He resembles Alpheas. Rather than the face or appearance, the temperament felt throughout was similar. It was the same with the spirit of speaking confidently even in the eyes of the archmage.

“Did you plan this?”

“Young people are cheeky. What is your name?”

“I don’t want to tell the murderer his name. Get rid of your mind right now and leave school. Otherwise, I won't let you go.”

“Heh heh heh.”

Arcane burst out laughing. I wasn't angry. However, the criterion for him killing someone was not anger, but how much fun he could have. In that sense, Sirone was a ripe fruit that could be cut off right away.

"I'm sorry, but I can't release mind control. Because the disciples of Alpheas must die.”

Shirone, who felt alive, shot the photon cannon without realizing it, with a feeling of goosebumps all over her body.

It was obviously an accidental shot. 

Arcane lightly turned and evaded the photon cannon. And he turned around only after confirming that the magic had dissipated.

“The radius of the Spirit Zone is 52.7 meters. That's quite right. That's pretty good for his age.”

Even photons cannot exceed the limits of the physical world if they contain mass. However, since there is a basic speed of photon output, it was much faster than most flying objects. It was not a human sense to evade the photon cannon in an instant and measure the radius of the spirit zone. 

Sirone gritted his teeth and compressed the photons again. He met a master whose competence he couldn't figure out, but he had no choice but to fight to stop hundreds of students from free falling down a cliff.

“Stop it, Sirone.”

Ethella walked out of the mountain. Her clothes were torn, exposing her bare skin, and she was covered in dirt from head to toe.

“Don’t rush into it. Arcane is a dangerous character.”

Arcane's brow wrinkled. She enjoyed her battles with her, but her food, which had already been trampled and soiled, had long been erased from her memory.

“The loser has a thick face. If you saved your life, you should cherish it.”

Sirone and the others were shocked. Could it be that Miss Ethella was defeated by an old man with only her bones left? Bishop of the Karsis Monastery. Jonah, the authority of the Spirit Zone. Certified 6th class wizard. None of her titles that qualifies her were something she could take carelessly.

"Nonsense. Teacher Ethella... … .”

Nade wondered if it was possible. Of course, there are 5th and 4th graders in the world, but I couldn't even imagine what level it was to be stronger than Etella.

Sirone asked while supporting Ethella.

“Are you okay, sir?”

"so so. But it will take time to recover.”

“What happened? Who is that? Why are you doing this?”

“Viltor Arcane. He's an archmage who rose to the unofficial level 3 40 years ago.”

The eyes of Sirone and the others wavered. Any magic school student knows what an unofficial 3rd class is like. 

The wizard's grade is classified into 10 levels, but there is a specific section where the honor and achievement points that must be accumulated for promotion jump unimaginably high.

It was the 7th grade to the 6th grade, and the 4th grade to the 3rd grade. 

If the 6th grade was the executive level of the wizard society, the 3rd grade was a position that could take the head of the kingdom's core facilities. Considering that even Alfeas, a certified 4th-class wizard, was the principal of a private school, it was possible to guess how high-ranking a wizard Arcane was.

“Arcane has a grudge against the principal. She won't back down until she gets what she wants.”

“You talk a lot over and over again. Complaining to your disciple will only make you more miserable.”

“I am not interested in winning. I am a teacher. I will do anything to protect my students.”

"so? What can you do? Do you think you can stop me now, who couldn’t win even if I attacked with all my might?”

“The bluff is too much. Arcane.”

Arcane's impression changed terribly.

“Obviously I couldn't stop you. But you also don't have the mental strength left to focus on battle, right?”

Ethella's words were half right and half wrong. In fact, the magical power of the arcane that cast the Dark Family was only 10% of the normal state. However, it was 10% of the Archmage. It was enough power to sweep away the exhausted Ethella and her fluffy youngsters.

“Times have changed. I asked him to come because it was cute, and he didn't even know the subject and fluttered his snout?”

Arcane raised his magic power. It was 10% left to kill Alpheas, but it didn't matter. Troublesome calculations did not fit his outlook on life.

“Master, leave it to me.”

Canis interrupted. Abyss Nova is a gigantic magic that consumes so much mental power that ordinary wizards cannot even try. If he cast such magic and went through battle, even Master would not be in a normal state.

Arcane looked back at Canis displeasedly. He could not tolerate challenging authority, even as a disciple. However, after thinking it through, he turned to Sirone with an interesting expression.

“Hey, sweetheart. Are you also a disciple of Alpheas?”

“Don’t call the principal’s name carelessly even though he’s a murderer.”

“Keukkeuk! Is that so? You seem to respect him quite a bit.”

Sirone didn't even feel the need to answer. How could she not respect her? Alpheas was the one who opened his eyes to magic and the benefactor who enrolled him, a commoner, in magic school.

“It doesn't matter if you're an archmage or a third-class. Compared to the Headmaster, you are not even a wizard.”

“Puhahaha! Fuhahahaha!”

Arcane burst into laughter. But his eyes were burning with rage.

'Alpheas. How long have you been living under pretense? don't you know That you don't deserve to be respected by anyone.' 

Having made a decision, Arcane nodded.

"good night. It would be fun to watch the disciples fight. Canis. Contend with him.”

"yes. Thank you, Master.”

Canis finally felt relieved. It was an opportunity for him to make up for the mistakes he had made so far. However, Harvest had a different idea.

- Canis. Think again. Better leave it to Arcane.

- What are you talking about? I've already disappointed Master. Now, even if I die, I have to defeat Sirone.

It was never a good thing to have disagreements with each other in a situation right before the battle. 

- Harvest. Answer me. No matter how much you are, you can't give up this much. We will fight unconditionally.

Harvest had no answer until the end. I was embarrassed because I had never been like this before. However, he couldn't show weakness as long as Arcane was watching.

When I used the Dark Fort to move to the place where Sirone was in an instant, Sirone cast teleportation and flew off the cliff. It was to avoid the aftermath to the students as much as possible. 

"joy! Are we going to have a dogfight?"

If the night sky was covered with darkness, it was not a disadvantageous field for Canis, who moved to the Dark Fort.

On top of a 1,000-meter-high cliff, the two spread their firepower while flying reminiscent of every fight.

Sirone condensed seven photons in front of her and fired them all at once. The Photon Cannon, which was activated in the infinite realm, was several times stronger than before, but the repulsive force was as great as that.

Every time I cast magic, my consciousness went away moment by moment. The infinite realm that threatens the opponent and at the same time collapses one's own mental power was definitely a double-edged sword.

“What about that… … .”

Ethella blankly looked up at the sky. Her shockwave-generating photon output was something she had never seen before.

A dazzling beam of light from the Photon Cannon split the night sky. It was as if a golden pen was being stroked on a black canvas.

Iruki and Nade were mesmerized by the beam of light. Shooting a powerful photon cannon indiscriminately with a single shot was no different from weaponizing a human named Sirone.

“It is also great. But would that be okay?”

“I just have to believe it. You did well at the presentation.”

“But it was different from then. It's a situation where you're fighting for your life right now. You may cross the line without even realizing it.”

Ethella looked back at the two and asked.

“What do you mean? So you're saying Sirone has been to Immortal Function before?”

"yes? Oh, that's true... … These days, it seems like I do it whenever I’m bored.”

Ethella sighed. That she wouldn't even pretend to be careful when I warned her that her life could be lost. Well, if it wasn't for that passion, such rapid growth wouldn't have been possible.

---------------------------------------