[333] Midwinter Night (4)

"then? Do you have any other method in mind?”

Lyria pulled out the totem and held it out.

“I will isolate this area with the law while the cerebral body stays. I need to install the gold margin, so help me out. Do you know how to calculate a three-dimensional magic square?”

Dante shrugged his shoulders as if it was no big deal.

"what… … Because it’s my major.”

Since he majored in magic formations, he was qualified enough to assist with Lilia's work.

But Dante was still in doubt.

Will this be enough?

Even if the mental body was isolated in the old castle ruins, it was a completely different thing to confine it to the barracks afterwards.

“Gold margin, can I finish it by tomorrow morning?”

“It depends on your skill level, but if you and I take half of it, it's probably possible. But why?”

Dante looked back at the still-lit shopping street.

Perhaps there, countless couples were wandering the streets following the light like moths.

“I think this side needs some reinforcement.”

* * *

After breaking up with Dante, Sirone and Amy talked less than before.

But that didn't mean the atmosphere was bleak.

Amy took Dante's advice and was busy thinking about how to find her own style.

Sirone also had a complicated mind because he couldn't perfectly control the incarnation of anger lurking inside.

'It was really dangerous earlier.'

Armand got out of control and aimed at a person.

It wasn't that Sirone's mental training was insufficient. Rather, it was right to see that the size of the anger had grown stronger than before.

Of course, it is natural for people to change their personality as they go through life.

But it wasn't the direction he wanted.

'I need more fosters. I'm going to go visit Teacher Etella during vacation and ask for advice.'

Once she came to that conclusion, Sirone found a place called the Snow Crystal, which Shakora had told her about.

“This is the lodging I was talking about.”

Amy didn't evaluate anything and just looked at the atmosphere from the outside.

Sirone scanned the exterior of the building.

As Shakora said, the atmosphere was fine. The decoration was luxurious, and I liked the view of the endless snow fields.

Amy had no complaints about the dorm either. But she still had doubts.

This is because there is no reason for Sirone, a first-time traveler, to wander around looking for a special inn.

“Why are you insisting here?”

"huh. I recognized it, and the atmosphere is very good. You will be able to rest comfortably.”

"okay… … .”

If it was Sirone, then Amy didn't have to say anything.

Although she has a practical personality, this trip also has the meaning of consolation, so she must have prepared in her own way.

So, on the one hand, I was sorry.

On a day like today, it would be okay to spend the night together, but her current state of mind was indescribably complicated.

"welcome. It is a snow crystal.”

Sirone, who opened the door and entered, was surprised by the blindingly bright light.

Numerous lights illuminated the hall like daylight.

Passing through the passageway at right angles, there was a wide terrace, and tourists were drinking tea by the torchlight of the fire pit.

The bard's music came.

The lyrics contain the desperate feelings of the ice queen who freezes everyone around her.

“Are there two of you?”

The staff guarding the counter asked with a smile.

“Yes, there are two of us.”

While Sirone signed a contract with the staff for a room, Amy was looking elsewhere from a distance.

It doesn't matter if you're traveling with a group of friends, but it felt strange to come into a place like this with two men and a woman.

“Two rooms, please.”

The clerk looked at Sirone and Amy for a moment, then nodded in agreement and put the key on the table.

“Yes, use 311 and 312. Take the stairs to the 3rd floor and turn right in the hallway. Accommodation is prepaid.”

After paying the amount, Sirone looked back at Amy, and she too slowly moved towards the stairs.

Said Sirone while walking down the hallway on the third floor.

“First, unpack your luggage in the room. If you are hungry, shall we go out and eat something?”

"no. I just want to rest today. My body feels a bit heavy after walking around in a cold place for a long time. Are you fine?"

If you're really tired, you can rest as much as you like, but for some reason, Sirone got the feeling that she was lying.

Maybe you are more angry than you expected.

Even though he understood Dante's advice with his head, emotions were another matter.

When Dante asked his opinion during an argument about the results of the graduation exam, he thought he should have sided with Amy.

“Amy, earlier… … .”

After reading Sirone's thoughts, Amy gave a small smile.

"Do not misunderstand. Because it's not like that. You know I have no regrets.”

Then, Sirone's heart grew duller.

Doesn't the fact that the word "endgame" came out mean that there is an end in itself?

After all, if Amy's mind was already a mess, no words would ease her mood.

In this case, what was needed was time, not conversation.

“Okay then see you tomorrow.”

"huh. Rest in peace too.”

Amy unlocked the door with the key and entered. Sirone, who had been watching until there, also inserted the key into the center of the doorknob.

When I opened the door and entered, the first thing that caught my eye was the endless snowy field outside the windshield.

A few hundred meters away, a small torch lighted like a dot, and people were ice fishing there.

How nice it would have been to see this scene with Amy.

When I thought of that, I let out a sigh.

“Whoa.”

“Whoa.”

Sirone and Amy looked at each other at the same time. And as if he had promised, he turned to the door.

“What is this?”

There were two doors, but only one room.

And there was only one bed.

The two looked at each other with puzzled expressions.

Silence ensued for a while.

Sirone's head was saturated with all sorts of thoughts.

Above all, it was the lodging that he had chosen after much struggle, so he had to come up with an excuse somehow.

'Oh, what should I do? Should I ask for a room change? But here all the rooms are like this. Should I just get a refund? Wouldn't Amy be offended by that? No, is she rather the opposite? I need a refund... … .'

Seeing Sirone with a white face, not knowing what to do, Amy let out a small sigh.

He said he was behaving inappropriately. And now that the situation has come to this, the decision now rests with the woman.

Amy went to the closet and put down her backpack.

“I can’t do anything. Let’s unpack it first.”

"uh? Uh, yes!”

Sirone was still unconcerned.

As I was unpacking my bag without knowing what was in it, Amy asked in a passing tone.

“Who told you?”

"huh? what?"

"There's absolutely no way I would have entered this place knowing it was like this, and didn't someone else introduce me to this place?"

Despite feeling embarrassed, Sirone confessed honestly.

“Actually, your father… … .”

Amy grunted with a face of knowing that.

Since the spy was in the family, it was something that Sirone couldn't argue with.

“They say the atmosphere is really good. I think you'll like it too... … .”

The night view was definitely beautiful. However, it was a dangerous place for the two of them.

Amy, roughly organizing her clothes, pointed to the door and said,

“Let’s go down and have dinner.”

When Sirone and Amy left the room and came down to the counter, the staff asked with mischievous eye smiles.

“Do you like the room?”

Amy ignored the question and said.

“I’m going to grab a quick bite, where is the restaurant?”

It was around 11:00 when Sirone and Amy returned to their lodgings after satisfying their hunger.

It was like spending as much time outside as possible, but both knew that this was the final destination.

The whole process of washing and changing clothes came completely different from usual.

My body was as heavy as wet cotton because I had been running in a carriage since yesterday afternoon, but my mind became more and more clear.

No one stumbled upon the only bed.

They didn't even discuss who would sleep in the bed.

Beds were taboo here.

The two sat side by side and looked at the horizon of the snowfield where the white snow meets the black night sky.

I was able to forget the reality for a while in the mystery of the night view.

But suddenly, a strange noise from the next room pulled their minds back into reality and threw them back.

When their eyes met, Sirone's face brightened.

Amy avoided her gaze, desperately pretending to be calm.

"what? Why is your face red?”

“Yeah, but you seem to be a little blushing too.”

Amy definitely understood.

No matter how you think about it, this wasn't it.

If I had to continue this atmosphere, I would rather sleep on a futon in hell.

"good! let's talk frankly They're not kids, you don't have to do this, right? Currently we are spending the night together at an inn and I hear something going on next door. And unfortunately, there is only one bed. This is a very strange situation. But now it's over. I know it's a strange situation, so it's not a strange situation anymore. admit? Now, I'm tired, so let's go to sleep."

Sirone felt more at ease. But on the other hand, he also didn't like it.

How can emotions be cut like a radish?

“Are you really going to be okay? I mean, I'm a man too."

"know. But nothing will happen, right?”

Of course you will.

However, Sirone, whose pride was hurt inside, added a word in a crawling voice.

"That's something I don't know... … .”

Amy laughed at the timid protest. She remembered her family and her family, who she would be fantasizing about at home.

'Anyway, the person called Dad... … .'

To make them conjoin with a man at an inn with such exquisite traps installed.

This is something that would never be possible with an ordinary aristocratic way of thinking.

However, the Karmis family, which values ​​individuality, boasted an open-minded family style even in love.

Of course, no matter how open it was, it was unknown whether it would accept commoners.

Even so, making this decision meant that he liked Sirone that much.

In any case, the tension eased a little when he thought that there would be no need to look at the family in the future in his relationship with Sirone.

'Come to think of it, it's amazing.'

The Karmis family's crimson eyes are better than any other ability at recognizing the opponent's temperament.

However, it was also true that some talent was not noticed.

Sirone grew up at a frightening speed enough to be recognized by his strict father.

Even though he is the price of being eliminated, he is standing on the same line as the senior class, as promised a year ago.

1 year.

It has caught up to that huge gap in just one year.

But I didn't feel it was unfair.

Even if Sirone were to start over and start over, he would have come to this place in the end.

"to be honest… … It's true that I was angry with you earlier. I'm sorry you didn't stand by my side when Dante asked.”

Sirone turned and looked at Amy.

"I do not know either. I just felt sorry for myself. When I heard that Zocre had passed, I was honestly very envious. I wondered what it would have been like if I had transferred schools. I wonder if I was stubborn about a subject I had no skill in. Maybe I'm just not talented enough to go to a prestigious school.”

“Amy, to think so… … .”

"know. If you think negatively, there is no limit. I think that's why I was more pissed off at you. Because I was afraid to admit I was wrong.”

“But now you know what the problem is.”

"that's right. Dante's analysis is inaccurate. so i'm grateful but… … I'm still not sure. Will I be able to graduate just because I have a style? I am not confident no matter what I do.”

'Amy... … .'

This is why defeat is scary.

The graduating class is the position at the top of the magic school.

The feeling of falling from the pinnacle was nothing compared to the feeling when the advanced classes failed the promotion test.

This is why people who fail the first graduation exam have a lower-than-average chance of passing the second graduation exam.

---------------------------------------