Raid Control(4)

Arriving in Democracy, Sirone hears shocking news from the mafia.

"what? You can only challenge one type of Mythic level hunting ground per day?”

Sona said.

"okay. Initializes at 24:00 system time. You can challenge the same hunting ground multiple times, but the 'Conceived Moon' event is only possible after midnight.

hey."

Without these restrictions, most of the users would be driven to mythical hunting grounds.

“Usually, it’s standard to form a party and try to target one spot, and if you don’t like it, give up and go to a normal hunting ground.”

said the mafia.

“Anyway, you have to wait until midnight to go to the lunar conception. I'd rather contact the golden ring now... …

“Then see you then.”

After stopping, Sirone entered the mid-gear charging station.

'I have to pass it by midnight.'

If I stayed with them outside anyway, it would only lead to a pointless argument.

“I will recharge.”

After paying the bill with a credit card and entering mid-gear, the wires were connected.

'It must start as soon as I wake up.'

It would be a fleeting moment for Sirone, but outside, time was still passing.

The mafia party staying in front of the charging station couldn't swallow their own minutes.

"damn! You keep getting attracted to that guy. Are you really going to go on like this? What if you change your mind later?”

said the mafia.

“Let’s put it on the bulletin board. With the title of obtaining a legendary grade item. Since it is the No. 1 guild in Dongguk, you won't be able to cheat. It's minimal insurance.”

Sona said.

“Then I will upload it. There is a recorded video.”

While she was updating the video, Dex Gam turned to Mafia and said.

“I didn't know that I would equip the legendary grade without looking back. He's probably the one who pushes the guild in earnest, but you can't make mistakes in the conception of the moon.”

“Do you really think there will be another legendary grade? It’s best to just hang out together for a day or so and then make a formal proposal to the gold ring.”

“I feel a bit strange. right? If you're lucky, that's too good. I searched the bulletin board on the way home, and there are also rumors that there are bugs or something. Of course, since I came out with no charges at the management meeting, I have nothing more to say.”

“Hmm.”

Mafia thought for a long time.

“Then let’s do this.”

The next contents were made by communication, and the attitude of the party who heard the words changed.

Sona said then.

“Wow, guys. Come in and see the bulletin board.” Her video recorded over 1,300 views within 5 minutes of being updated.

' done.'

In the unlikely event that Yahweh 2 cheated, at least public opinion would take their side.

Crackle, crackle.

The engine ran non-stop in the huge factory installed 500 meters underground.

The sky was just pitch black, and the background was not visible despite the sparks flying everywhere.

Boss creature manufacturing plant.

This area was not updated in High Gear, and was the main activity stage of Operator Number Seven.

“Pooh! There really is no end.”

While welding atop an unfinished mechanical monster, he extinguished his torch and stood up.

It was a machine specialized for factory work, and No.7 was written on the back of the shoulder guard.

“Anyway, my taste is peculiar.” When the document was pulled into augmented reality, the portfolio provided by the operator was displayed.

“How to fit this into the date of the new update. He plays every day.”

Aircraft completed here are officially updated through the test server.

In the test server, errors were mainly corrected, which was repetitive and tedious to the point of vomiting.

Why stay up all night... … .

“A pervert, I am.”

It was because the operator who was dealing with the aircraft he had created was more immersed than ever.

'How did you get entangled with a kid like this?' At first, I was intrigued, then I was fascinated by the operator's excellent design ability.

'That's why I'm more annoyed.' Her image of herself swayed by her delusions of an adolescent girl is superimposed on reality.

'I ran away.'

Number Seven was an under coder addict.

It's hard to deal with people (especially women), so I don't even know when I've been living here.

“Ah, Mr. I don't know. I'll just do this and stop. I have to go out and dig a room.”

- Hit news.

A message appeared on Number Seven's augmented reality.

"What, you're busy."

It was also the responsibility of the operator, so he turned off the torch again and opened the bulletin board.

“Wow, the number of views exceeded 10,000?” He didn't even move until the video ended.

The video is over.

"what?"

It was revealed at the management meeting that Yahweh 2 has a special sense of space as well as time.

However, even taking that into consideration, I did not readily understand this case.

'Acquire Michelan in one challenge

profit?'

Of course it is possible.

However, the problem was that the person concerned was Yahweh 2, which had been causing a lot of gossip.

'Log search.'

Numerous signals in the language of the Undercoder passed through his retinas.

'It's not a bug. No traces of illegal programs. It's obviously a probabilistic result. but… …

The march of signals suddenly stopped.

'This segment. Couldn't we have taken care of Ergos sooner? The delay is slightly longer than the response of the average user. It feels like you're aiming for something.'

Number Seven suddenly raised his head and asked back.

“Is that possible?”

Probability is probability.

Even if you say you know random number algorithms to the level of a designer, you are just leaving it to chance.

'Even if I do, I can't get it right. How do you know when a certain result will come out?'

he murmured again.

"pattern."

Creating perfect random numbers is next to impossible.

'If you roll infinite dice, symmetry is destroyed and personality is created. What we call the designer's intention. Unconscious, deeper than that.'

His face changed seriously.

'But to get there, the amount of information you'd have to process would be equal to the universe. It can't be counted. You don't even have a quantum calculator in your head... Huh?'

I stopped thinking for a moment.

'… … What type of calculator is it? It's probably not a logical operation. like… … yes sure! A kind of feeling for a particular outcome.'

Number Seven checked the log again.

'As expected, the firewall was not breached. Therefore, it is not incarnation. But another... …

It is incarnation.

'Damn it, that was a pun. If realizing something in reality is incarnation, the same can be applied here. This guy is adapting to high gear at an incredible speed.'

Also, if this hypothesis is true, the real world cannot be free from simulation.

What is a perfect world?

Number Seven, who recalled their initial purpose, downloaded all the logs about Yahweh 2.

'Who the hell are you?'

It was not the operator's authority.

Ascension Guild.

After the mafia party posted the video on the bulletin board, those who were most indignant were the members of the Ascension Guild.

Tae Dae-chun, codename, chewed on the e-cigarette.

“The Holy Land of Ergos? That's where Ascension 3 is controlling! How did Yahweh 2 enter a place that is not allowed to enter without a pass?” Codename Yagui said.

“There is another problem. Michelan's came out. Even though our guild took turns working on it, only two of the items we were able to obtain were passed on to Dongguk.”

The code name Rubymix spread its arms as if it were absurd.

“After checking, they said they used the Seoguk Free Pass. Even in Ascension, it's a card managed by 1st Jin. In short, a traitor is here right now.”

A light came on in Taedaecheon’s one eye.

"No way. How fiercely did you fight with Dongguk in the Battle of the Sun? There's no one who goes beyond the galaxy. Who the hell would throw away their pride and do something else like that?”

“But the results speak for themselves. He is also a member of Yahweh 2, Dongguk's strongest golden ring. It is an event that cannot be overlooked.”

the ghost asked

“Then who is it, the traitor?”

“Everybody knows.” In the silence, Ruby Mix spat out.

“Little witch. The subscription period is the shortest, and even in the solar war, they always act unexpectedly. He never made a mistake, but he always chills our conversation.”

Taehyung stroked his chin.

“At first I thought it was stupid. It's not a case where your personality is covered by your skills. I need to confirm.”

Yagwi asked the operator.

“What do you think, Captain? Honestly, the one who doubts the little witch the most is the captain.” She chose silence.

“Okay, let’s go find it without having to wait. If you're a traitor, you'll have to be prepared.”

The door opened at the time Taedaecheon spoke.

“Did you call me?”

It was a little witch.

“I think I heard my code name outside. what's the matter? The atmosphere is nasty.”

"you you… …

I said it around because there was no physical evidence, but in fact, all of them were in a state of solidification.

'That guy is a traitor.'

While Tae Daecheon was smoking a cigarette, the little witch approached the operator.

“What do you have to say to me?”

After exchanging glances for a while, the operator finally opened her small lips.

"??????no."

Then he said as he walked to the door.

“I’ll go out for a while. I got something to do

west."

“Hmm.”

The little witch, who saw the operator off with her eyes, sighed and looked back.

“Little witch.”

Before I knew it, three guild members were hitting the wall.

“I like to be honest. Seoguk Free Pass, did you hand that over to Yahweh 2?”

“Yeah, I gave it to you. Why?”

"what!"

Rubymix shouted.

“Do you know what you did? You handed over a legendary grade item to the enemy! Are you still ascending?"

“Ah, balancing it, balance. The operator is too strong. To be honest, if it wasn't him, you guys were pushed back by Dongguk right away. What are you doing to win so ugly?”

Tae Daecheon took out a mechanical greatsword.

“Now you are showing your true colors. Knowing that she is a spy from Dongguk, she will not end well.”

“Oh, what are you going to do?”

“I recorded the confession video. get down on your knees Dismantle all parts. It won't let you put your foot in high gear. Even you can't handle 3 rankers.”

Yagwi and Ruby Mix also pulled out their own weapons.

"anyway."

The little witch passed between them casually and sat down on the sofa, crossing her legs.

“So you guys are not. You have to make a hit, a hit. Wouldn’t it be fun if only you guys ate alone?”

“Is the will over?”

The guild member stopped walking when the little witch made her hand look like a gun and aimed it at it.

“… … what are you doing?"

"gun. This is a gun shooting simulation. don't come close I'll shoot you

Are you?”

"haha. Kkkkkkkkk.”

Tae Dae-chun's eyes, which shook his shoulders, turned on electricity.

"crazy… …

Just as he raised his greatsword and took a stance, the little witch bent her elbow and made a noise.

“Phee!”

Tae Dae-chun flinched.

But nothing happened, and Ruby Mixes and Ah-gui stared at each other in dismay.

The little witch tilted her head.

"uh? why not?"

"this person… … !”

Feeling ashamed at the fact that he had flinched for a moment, Tae Dae-chun screamed and charged.

“Where is this dog!”

The moment the greatsword with the booster was thrust down towards the crown of the little witch.

“Pyu!”

“Ouch!”

Tae Dae-chun, who had a seizure as if he had been electrocuted, fell to the floor.

"hey! Taedaecheon!”

Ruby Mix and Yagwi hurriedly approached, but before they could touch them, they disappeared.

'Connection lost. forcibly… … She turned her head at her eerie feeling, and her little witch held her finger pistol to her mouth.

"how is it? Kill my gun?”