[189] 5. Nor's Shelter (4)

Indeed, such a situation was possible. It is not an item that cannot be purchased just because it is a subject matter.

Nevertheless, the merit of the limited edition was still maintained.

First of all, the merchant knows that the customer's payment limit is two white elixirs. The fact that the price he was greedy for was a single elixir was actually much cheaper than that.

“Can anyone use it?”

“Once it is installed, anyone can use it. Hunting weapons such as Cigna, Xd, and Ark are common, but drones are personal encryption devices. Even if you steal someone else's, you can't use it. But it's brand new, nobody's owner has found it yet. So you can sell it.”

I don't know. If it's new, there can be no flaws.

Is it a simple mistake that comes from not understanding this world? Or was it that the fire spirit was such a difficult thing to acquire?

Sirone, unable to decide, asked Tess.

“Tess, do you want this?”

"huh! Sirone, I really want it. buy this Other things are cheap anyway, so you can get them anytime later.”

Sirone laughed and threw it away. Even when she asked for something, her cool personality was definitely different from Amy's.

Anyway, it's good to use Elixir for everyone. If so, I would have to buy a scam, but I couldn't bargain because I didn't know what flaws there were.

If I asked him openly, he would definitely be swayed by the merchant, and Clove wouldn't be of any help.

“Why are you not selling it! You brought it exactly as I said!”

While Sirone was troubled, she heard Kanya's voice.

Everyone turned to him. Unlike Kanya, the merchant had a relaxed smile.

“Hey, lady. Where is the scout in Purgatory? An auction, an auction. The price has gone up, but the lady can’t lower the price at will.”

“It must have been a month ago! Epiness says that one green elixir is enough! They give you up to 30 red elixirs, but why aren't they selling them!”

epines.

Sirone remembered the white potion the apothecary recommended.

However, Kanya's reaction was intense to say that it was simply a stimulant. What's not to do in heaven?

“It was like that a month ago. But now the price has gone up.”

"no! I never said anything like that two months ago or even three months ago! This is profiteering!”

“My lady, the price of an auction is set by the desire of the buyer. Isn't it basic that the more you want it, the higher the price? Aren’t Ilhwa’s sake not going to last for a few days?”

“All, you… … .”

Kanya's face went pale. Even though he is a merchant, how can he say such a thing?

Even the crappy Clove frowned this time.

The merchant's expression did not change even when he bought it. Because from the start, I had no intention of selling things to subjects.

“Saving Epines today would mean that my family will die within a few days. So, the lady must buy this one. So what's the problem with paying a high price?”

"you! I won't let you go!”

When Kanya took out the arc, Lena stopped screaming.

Violence is forbidden in Nord's Shelter. Violence doesn't end with being kicked out.

Maintaining a community was a reasonable majority promise. The moment the rules are broken, the community collapses.

"sister! Please be patient! If you fight here, you will die!”

Lena pulled her sister by the waist. Even while Kanya was being dragged away, she didn't stop rant.

The merchant turned his attention to the customer and made eye contact with the medicinal material merchant across the street.

An unspoken promise never to sell Epines.

It was an oligopoly.

When Kanya came to rescue Epines three months ago, the merchant charged a price she could not pay.

In reality, it could be exchanged for about 40 Red Elixir, but it required a Green Elixir.

Elixir is different from currency. Arbitrary exchange is possible, but if the other party insists on using the green elixir, no matter how many red elixirs they collect, they cannot purchase the item.

In the end, Kanya had to buy the Green Elixir higher than its actual value. Then he came back to buy, but the merchant said he would not sell even at that price.

“Why are you so excited? What is the sake of anecdotes?”

“It is the art of regenerating life.”

Gadlock's voice was heard. He was just about to come out of a sigh of sleep because his seat was noisy.

He could guess the situation just by looking at Kanya's murderous expression. It was the first time I met him as a guide, but I had heard rumors floating around among the merchants.

“As you know, subjects have a fixed lifespan. When your lifespan ends, you will be reborn through the sake of anecdotes. They said that the girl’s mother was the target.”

“What kind of liquor is it exactly?”

Gadlock squinted one eye.

“I want to talk less about that. As you can see, it's a sensitive issue. The subjects say Ilhwa's sake is a blessing. On the other hand, most of the heretics are those who escaped heaven because they felt repulsed by the alcohol of anecdote. So does the merchant over there. It's because of her elixir that she's not bothering her.”

“But Kanya’s mother said she was going to end her life. So what role do stimulants play? Can you live by drinking it?”

"no. There is no case where the law is broken. To put it in heretical terms, Kanya's mother will die sooner or later. Even so, she wants to buy Epines... … .”

Gardlock groaned.

There was a time when he was also a citizen. On the one hand, he felt sympathy because he knew what Kanya wanted to do for her by giving her life.

"Nothing. It's just a ray of light given in despair. It's like giving an anesthetic to a dying person.”

Sirone was heartbroken. He thought that although he did not know how different the mindsets of subjects and heretics were, the sincerity of trying to alleviate the pain of parents would work everywhere.

But the law made a distinction even between them.

Kanya went into bargaining again. It was plain to her eyes that she was holding back her temper to buy epines.

There were two stalls selling epines, and maybe Kanya wouldn't have another chance if it wasn't today.

Sirone looked at the apothecary on the other side. His conscience pricked him, and he kept his head down.

Wouldn't everything be fine if he bought the epines and gave it to Kanya?

As if he had read Sirone's thoughts, he quietly put away Epines. The contract is absolute for the Norse, so I prevented the incident from escalating by causing a fuss.

Kanya offered a last resort.

"great! Then I'll do it externally. I will do anything to get the elixir, so please give me the epines.”

“What can I get you?”

"anything! He said he would save me even if I had to hunt for the rest of my life!”

“So you ask. What are you going to get me?”

The merchant did not hide his emotions anymore.

He hated his subjects terribly. And heaven was hateful. No matter how good medicine he takes, he can't erase the memory of living in heaven. The law of Ra was just as strong.

“Even if he said he would give it all, he said he didn’t like it. How the hell are you going to sell that drug?”

"okay? Then, even if you don't like it, say that you live. Hmm, what should I do... … .”

The merchant, who had been pretending to be thinking, turned to Sirone and said.

"Would that boy's entire elixir be sufficient?"

Sirone realized that the merchant's strategy had been hastily modified.

He must have been looking at the calculator since Kanya brought Sirone.

If you are a merchant, it is natural. But it was exhausting.

I got greedy after seeing the White Elixir, but none of the items I own are expensive. So she hooked up with Kanya.

It was a good strategy, if only emotions were excluded.

I heard that the Norse is good at business. He was certainly an excellent merchant. But he was never a good merchant.

Kanya was speechless and speechless. As her position was cleared, she only thought that she was being played by an impostor.

“I get it now. You never intended to sell in the first place. For three months I had fun, hoping I would die in purgatory! What did I do so wrong to you?”

Sirone felt sorry for her. Emotional responses, like Kanya's, don't work for wizards. This is because they are adept at using the opponent's psychology to turn the situation to their advantage.

If you want to piss off a wizard, you have to do it the same way.

“You make me a bad guy. The more this happens, the more difficult it is for the lady. You didn't say anything impossible, did you? It's much easier to get that boy's elixir than to hunt for a lifetime. is not it?"

“That's stealing! It's a robbery! Besides, you can't even fight here! How am I supposed to get an elixir from someone who has nothing to do with me?”

“Aren’t there many things? The lady is a woman and that boy is a man, so it’s up to you to find a way.”

Kanya's lips trembled. He wanted to shoot the merchant in the face with an arc. But the fact that she had no more chances calmed her down.

How will Sirone react if you ask for an elixir? The Elixir, which is like life to Heresy.

Still maybe... … I thought I might be able to help. This is because even though Lena is immature, she sees people well.

-I don't like Sirone oppa because he's handsome, I like him because he's kind.

I laughed at him at the time, but he was definitely different from the usual heretic. Maybe he won't hand over the elixir? That expensive white elixir? perhaps. perhaps!

everything was home Even so, the reality of having no choice but to rely on the family was miserable.

I would do anything for my mother. She couldn't just leave her mother, who lived only half of an ordinary citizen's life.

Leaving behind the merchant's fishy laugh, Kanya headed for Sirone. She already knew the situation through the conversation, and Shirone's expression was calm.

Kanya was creepy. what is she thinking? She wouldn't be a good idea. She'll ask why she's walking What's the relationship between you and me

I will apologize nonetheless. I am prepared to give up everything.

Kanya, who approached Sirone, spoke with a miserable heart.

"excuse me… … .”

"ruler."

Sirone held out his hand. A white elixir was placed.

Kanya groaned. The rising emotion resembled anger, but it didn't hurt in the slightest.

Why is this man doing this? Shouldn't he at least be given a chance to kneel? Wasn't the purpose of good deeds to buy emotions with money? What does this kind of mercy mean?

Kanya thought she should listen. But it was questionable whether the words would come out right.

"why… … .”

“Go ahead and buy Epines. It is precious to you.”

"but… … .”

It's not valuable to you.

I wanted to spit it out, but my throat was locked and no sound came out.

This boy was different. It is different from humans and different from other species. even... … It was also different from La.

The moment the blasphemous thought came to Kanya, it was a thrilling experience. Maybe this was the beginning of the fall, I thought.

"thank you."

Kanya, barely able to utter a single word, went back to the merchant.

As expected, purgatory seems to be a different place from heaven. Strange emotions that I have never felt in my life crossed.

She walked wearily to the merchant and handed over the elixir.

“Now, give me the epines.”

"no. You can't sell it with this.”

"why… … Why again?”

Kanya didn't even have the strength to scream. Her determination to hold back her tears was her only support that kept her standing on her own two legs.

“I said all the elixirs that boy has. And according to my calculations, there must still be one more elixir?”

"no. I have no elixir left.”

---------------------------------------