[159] Clay Marsha (3)

“Anything is fine. If you blow everything you know, I'll send you back to prison."

Lucas was silent. His hair was spinning fast.

Lucas, who joined the parrot thieves rather than the parrot mercenary, did not have much loyalty to Marsha. So it was easy for him to confess what he knew.

However, after confessing here, he would not be able to come out of the prison deep underground until he died of old age.

“How about making a deal?”

"transaction? what deal?”

“I will tell you everything about Marsha. Reduce the sentence instead. I will give you the information I want, as long as it allows me to come out before I die.”

"her… … .”

Sakiri looked at Lucas with a puzzled expression. Then he suddenly burst into laughter and stamped his feet.

"Ha ha ha ha ha!"

With a bang, the desk fell to the side. Sakiri jumped up and approached me screaming.

“You crazy child! Do you know where you are right now?”

As he lifted his foot and kicked it, Lucas' body fell with the chair. Even then, as if his anger was not resolved, he stepped on the fallen Lucas little by little.

But this time, Lucas was also desperate.

It's all the same whether it dies this way or that way. If you don't get the desired results here, life will eventually end.

“Hit! No matter how hard you try! I will never speak! So let's make a deal!”

Sakiri's footsteps stopped abruptly.

Why on earth are bad guys so shameless? If you don't want to go to jail like that, you shouldn't commit a crime in the first place.

“Ah, that must be really crazy.”

Sakiri took a deep breath and turned around.

Even in his frightened state, Lucas observed the scene closely. To stop kicking means to be in conflict. If you hold on a little longer, it seemed that the window of conversation would open.

Contrary to expectations, however, Sakiri opened the door to the investigation room and gave a terrifying order.

“Hey, turn off the magic limiter here.”

Magic limiting devices are different from anti-magic. It was a technique that prevented the activation of magic itself from the beginning.

Of course, that was also a type of magic, but there weren't many thieves in the world who could destroy the magic circle designed by the first-class wizards.

Lucas swallowed his saliva. You shouldn't be afraid. It was clear that Sakiri was also making a last-ditch effort. If you get over this gobi, you will be able to go out into the world again someday.

Sakiri calmly waited. After a while, there was a hum and the sound of the air sinking.

Lucas didn't know what had changed, but Sakiri approached with her head bent as if she had become much lighter.

“Tell me everything you know about Marsha. To remain silent or to perjure the facts will be met with unbearable terror.”

“I, I don’t speak. never tell me.”

Sakiri didn't care and held out his hand to Lucas. Then he calmly closed his eyes and recited words like a mantra.

“As a judge, I command you, the commandment responds to the commandment. The scale of truth belongs only to you.”

Lucas's complexion turned pale as a corpse's.

It was a mistake to think that he was an ordinary investigator. Sakiri was one of many people who should never be touched.

“Hey, damn it!”

10 minutes have passed since then.

“Aaaaaaaaa!”

A piercing shout echoed through the interrogation room.

Lucas was barely sane. Even when he had his leg amputated, it wasn't as painful as this.

"okay! I'll tell you! I’ll tell you everything, so please stop this!”

The moment I screamed, the pain disappeared like a lie.

Lucas, crumpled up in the corner of the interrogation room, looked up at Sakiri as he crouched down in fear.

“It is your choice. If you want to be comfortable, tell me gently.”

Lucas resigned. Neither silence nor lies are tolerated.

Any criminal had no choice but to confess the truth in front of Sakiri's magic 'The Balance of Truth'.

“Marsha is smart. And there are no mistakes. For now, I pretend to be pushed back and expose all of my opponent's organs. But she never plays her tricks so she doesn't hate herself.”

"It's a classic scammer's tactic."

“Hey, cheater? No, she's not a cheater. Do you know what makes her scary? She's not lying to fool anyone. She says her life itself is a lie. You won't get a hold of her by any means.”

“Hmm, I know what kind of tendency it is. But with just that much, intelligence wouldn’t come in such a dizzying way, would it?”

Sakiri rested her chin and thought. Then he suddenly thought of a possibility.

No one else knew, but he was sure. Why did intelligence come and go?

"no way? Maybe she... … .”

"okay. A human of your kind.”

Thinking he didn't have to suffer anymore, Lucas raised his voice.

“Marsha… … It is a regular eating out.”

* * *

Sirone analyzed her by any means. But she couldn't figure it out. He was a completely different person from the people he met in his life.

“Even if you kill me… … good?”

“Whoops, yes. do you hate me So you can kill as much as you like."

Sirone thought no more. If he couldn't find an answer anyway, he'd just stick to his convictions.

“If Yuna is all right, there is no reason for me to fight you either.”

A faint smile like a crack formed on Marsha's lips.

Then, as the offensive spirit zone stabbed in, Sirone immediately cast teleportation.

'what?'

Sirone was embarrassed. The Spirit Zone suddenly disappeared and the teleportation was released.

At that moment, the roar of the acoustic cannon passed, and the eardrums burned as if they were on fire.

As Sirone rolled on the floor unable to bear the shock, Lian said with a surprised expression.

"what? Why is Sirone doing that all of a sudden?”

Acoustic cannons compress sound waves, so sound doesn't spread loosely. Therefore, the friends who were away heard only high-pitched screams.

“That's a sonic cannon. A type of sound magic. But that's not the problem.”

Tess agreed with Amy's words.

"that's right. Sirone got hit.”

A dark shadow fell over Amy's face. Shirone seems to have tried to evade it by teleportation, which she obviously did. However, the photonization was released just before her magic was activated.

"I'm not saying that it happened. It was stolen.”

“Are you taken away? What did you lose?”

Amy was able to identify through synesthesia. The moment Marsha sucked Sirone's Spirit Zone like dew.

"maybe… … mentality."

"Nonsense. How can you steal someone else's sanity?”

Amy hurriedly stepped towards Sirone.

Class A criminal Clay Marsha.

If you guessed it, that woman was an extremely dangerous figure.

“Sirone! be careful! That woman is a dieter!”

Sirone raised his head. Both ears were wet with blood from the power of the sound cannon, but the Vajrapani Buddha's mental strength was still sound.

"this… … Eating out of the rules?”

“Oh, do you know about eating out? you guys are really great After all, the bag strap should be long.”

Mages develop countless magics every single day, and the association registers them as prescribed magic.

However, there is magic that can never be registered in the world, and that was eating out of the rules.

The battery of eating out is unique. 

This is because the omniscience is composed only of the individual's blind thoughts, not the actual fact that everyone knows.

In a word, they were wizards who could make their own rules and force them on others.

Shirone recalled the story she heard about Shiina's eating out in class.

“Almighty is faith. The speed of the photon is classified into four types, the temperature of the flame changes, and the reason why plasma can be created even at medium temperatures is because the wizard's omnipotence supports the battery.”

Shiina wrote the word eating out on the blackboard.

The students were agitated at the appearance of an unfamiliar word, but she continued explaining without hesitation.

“But there are those who use omnipotence for private purposes. In other words, it's not supporting the battery, it's twisting the battery itself. The magic that such people use is called eating out.”

“Teacher, don’t you understand?”

“Now I will explain. Guys, what is my job?”

“Of course I am a teacher.”

"that's right. I am a teacher. So, shall we begin? Who among you doesn't think I'm a teacher? Raise your hand.”

Of course, no students raised their hands. Because it is impossible. Knowing that he was a teacher, denying it was contradictory.

“This is the nature of the mind. Unlike the body, the mind does not push out an idea once it enters it. It just absorbs it and forms a new mass.”

Shiina raised her finger as if to emphasize it.

“In other words, the thoughts of others can be applied to others, and in fact all the thoughts that make up us are obtained from others. Then, from now on, I will show you a demonstration of eating out.”

Shiina went down the podium and stared at the students.

“All who think of me as a teacher die.”

The students groaned. Since Shiina was serious, some students tried to deny it, but in the end it was impossible.

The spirit is not denied. It only changed.

“Sir, this… … Is it real?”

"do not be surprised. That explains the mechanism. I am not a regular eater.”

The dejected voices of the students burst out here and there.

Shiina adjusted her glasses and went up to the church again.

“Of course, in practice it is not so simple. No dieter can kill people by injecting principled concepts. Eating out is also magic in the end. Because the principle of equivalent exchange always holds.”

The male student raised his hand.

“But there really could be someone like that, right? The madman who thinks that the previous rule was an equivalent exchange.”

“Of course there are possibilities. But magic is a product of reason. A person who is that crazy can't handle magic in the first place, and even if it actually exists, it won't work on you."

“Because it can’t even penetrate the mind.”

"you're right. Therefore, eating out is subject to considerable restrictions and costs. For example, you could create a rule like this. Anyone who thinks of me as a teacher should use honorifics with me.”

"Ah, that's normal."

"that's right. And this is the scary thing about eating out. Just as it is natural for you, eating out makes it natural by injecting your own rules into others. Then how about something like this? Anyone who thinks of me as a teacher falls for me.”

"haha! Is that natural?”

The children laughed and laughed. Shiina didn't care and continued her words.

“Anyone who has a crush on me must obey my words unconditionally.”

The children's laughter gradually died down.

“Whoever obeys my words must die in front of me.”

Silence fell in the classroom.

“This is one of the techniques of eating out: constraints. Extend the rules with some constraints. The part where the logic jumps is connected with omnipotence. That's what happens because you really believe it. So once you get caught, you can't get out.”

The sound of swallowing was heard. Is there such a magic in the world? If it were true, it was a wizard I would never want to face.

“But what makes eating out really tricky is the cost, not the restriction. A while ago, I said that you can't kill people with a principled concept, but it's a little different when the price goes into it. Let's do it right now. Those who do not consider me a teacher die.”

---------------------------------------