[231] 3. Where is Sirone? (6)

“Where is Sirone?”

“How do I know? Aren’t you at the restaurant?”

“I’m not asking because there isn’t.”

Canis had a guess. He must have gone to Alfeas to report on the affairs of Heaven.

It wouldn't matter if I let you know if I could get rid of the troublesome guys, but I wasn't in the mood for that.

“What should I do to find Sirone?”

“You have to step on it. I said Sirone is the best, so if I defeat him, you will come under me too.”

"Ha ha ha ha ha!"

Canis laughed at the absurdity. Then Closer came over, glaring at her.

“Is this laughing? Don't you know who we are?”

“So you guys don’t know who Sirone is?”

said Dante.

"I know. He's a guy who has reached the heights of immortal function. But what about that? If you think that a wizard is a job that sharpens your sword, you are mistaken. Magic is definitely the art of killing.”

Canis also had no objection to that. He hung out with you with sage-like poetry, and it was also refreshing to hear the right sound for the first time in a long time.

But really, if Sirone was just a good-natured, pure child, he would have been trampled on long ago.

Sirone is different. That was the point.

“I’m really worried about this, but if you can, don’t touch him. It’s because seeing you reminds me of the old me.”

"ha ha ha! So what is it, just because you lost means I lose too? Now I see, I was just a loser.”

Canis was calm. The years he has lived have not been beautiful enough to consume his emotions with cheap provocations.

“It doesn’t matter if you win or lose. How far have you been?"

“I don't know what you mean, but I've never fallen. It is different from you.”

“Then try it. You'll feel like you're being stepped on to the bottom of the bottom you can imagine. Kuk-kuk-kuk.”

Dante's face turned red. Even in the capital Baska, no one looked down on him. Not because this place is great, but because it is ignorant. It wasn't like dealing with these villagers from the beginning.

“Funny. i'll break it At that time, you too will have to kneel before me.”

When Dante led the group and disappeared, Canis lost his appetite. I don't know why there are so many people living so selfishly among the nobles.

Arin said while chewing food.

“I am surprised, Canis. Just tell me Sirone is the best.”

“Because I hate troublesome things. I don’t want to be noticed in a place like this.”

"Well, if it's Sirone, he'll take care of it."

Canis pouted. He didn't know about him, but as a member of the Heaven faction, Arin knew how to worry even a little bit.

“It is, but… … How come you sound so irresponsible?”

“Ugh, no. I really think it would be okay if it was Sirone.”

As Arin said while sucking his finger, he looked at the rice balls left in Canis' hand.

“Did you eat it all?”

“No, this… … .”

Kanis defensively pulled the rice ball. That's why I should have done it sooner. I ended up depriving myself of a meal because I got into a fight with useless people.

“Oh, I ate it all. eat you.”

“Hehe, thank you.”

Arin regained his composure and asked if his hunger was gone.

“Come to think of it, Sirone has a lot of enemies.”

“But there are so many allies. I won't be lonely."

Canis looked up at the sunny sky. Even at this moment, Harvest was analyzing the Book of Light and Darkness brought from Heaven.

There was no impatience as long as he had inherited the legacy of Arcane. Wouldn't it be okay to have this kind of leisure sometimes? It's because I've been running mindlessly up until now.

“Slowly, slowly.”

“Yes, then.”

Kanis smiled and looked back at Arin. And she shook her head as if she couldn't stop and patted her back.

“Eat slowly.”

4. Battle simulation (1)

After lunch break, it was time for the advanced class integrated class. As usual, the teacher in charge was Etella, and the location was a training ground with an image zone.

After about 10 minutes, Sirone came running in a hurry.

I didn't know that coming by canter would be so difficult, perhaps because I was used to moving by teleportation during vacation.

“Ah, Miss Ethella. sorry. I was trying to be on time.”

"is it so. I heard about Nade. Go in and get ready for class.”

Dante's party turned to shit when they learned that meeting Sirone at lunchtime was impossible from the beginning.

If so, I'll tell you. What does it mean to train a person to mutt?

“Come on, everyone. Nice to meet you all. I see new faces this semester. Welcome to Dante, Closer, Sabina and Alpheas School of Magic. Everyone, please give us a round of applause.”

Dante raised an eyebrow in embarrassment. She said that it was a subject in charge of Romi Etella, which was also rumored at the Royal Magic School, so I had high expectations, but it was an impression that shattered my expectations.

He wore large glasses on a mellow face and tied his hair loosely. I heard he was a monk, so even if I understood that, the way he taught was like watching a nanny who taught him when he was seven years old.

What was even more absurd was that the children were earnestly applauding despite such childish instructions.

“Then let’s start class. For the lower class, intensively practice four-way conversion and sequence, and for the upper class, proceed in the order of mind beating, targeting, and sequence.”

Sabina whispered to Closer.

“It seems that the senior and advanced classes are completely different here.”

"I know. I was looking forward to it because it was practice time, but it's just as boring.”

When Sabina transferred, the only thing she expected was Etella's class, which earned her the title of Triple.

If you get 6th grade or higher in three fields, you will be given the title of triple.

However, when I listened to the class, it was not only the way of speaking that was childish, but even the subject matter was boring basic skills training.

Sabina raised her hand and asked.

“Teacher, do you have any other training? I want to learn sniper mode.”

“It is not taught in the advanced class because it is a subject in the major class.”

“But if you are Teacher Etella, you can teach me enough. She honestly just transferred to take this one class.”

“The process of finding your aptitude is the advanced class. Even if it's sniper mode, after all, it's a four-way conversion. It will never be too late to learn applied technology after thoroughly polishing the basics.”

“Ugh, then how can I not do it personally? If you say you learned from Miss Etella, you can brag to her friends.”

Students in the metropolitan area seemed to be proud of which teacher they learned from.

If that was the case with Basuka's climate, then there would be no reason to step forward, but anyway, according to the rules of Alpheas Magic School, it was not possible to teach unless it was a task in charge.

“You want to do that too, but there is a problem of fairness. If you really want to learn sniper mode, improve your skills as soon as possible and enter your senior year.”

A clear voice came from the entrance of the training ground.

“Not necessarily. Sticking to the standard too much is also a factor hindering development.”

Olivia walked over. Behind her, all the advanced class teachers followed like servants.

Along with Etela, Sade and Shiina, who are called the three pillars of Alpheas Magic School, were also visible.

The two people who met eyes with Etela raised their shoulders as if this made sense.

It was an action that was possible because he was out of Olivia's line of sight.

“Hello, Headmaster.”

Ethella greeted them with the courtesy of a monk. Olivia was greeted with a bow and  looked back at the students.

“I watched from the entrance and saw a student wanting to learn applied technology. If the student’s passion is learning, isn’t it enough to teach them as a teacher?”

“But according to the school rules… … .”

“Ah, I know that. But as the years go by, the school rules change. Having Jonah, who made a name for himself in the kingdom, as a teacher and teaching him only the basics. I also think this is inefficient.”

Because Etela is such a great Joner, Alfeas deliberately asked the children in the advanced class to teach them basic skills.

But Olivia had a different idea. The basics are important for her, but in order to raise the school realistically, there must be tangible results.

“These children have different personalities. Trying to unify them under the name of a class from the beginning is futile. If you see room for improvement, you should actively push it.”

Saad and Shiina never shied away from controversy, but they kept their mouths shut for now.

A certified second-class archmage was in such a position.

The criteria for classifying wizards are globally unified. It was called a line, and it was a huge manpower network system that managed all the wizards.

There are three lines in the world, and among them, the channel with the widest bandwidth was the Red Line, hosted by the Magic Association.

Classifying public and non-officials, all wizards who receive titles from 1st to 10th rank belong to the red line.

The teachers under Red Line's system knew how incredibly difficult it would be to rise to Olivia's position.

Since there are usually less than 5 certified first-class wizards in the kingdom, even a certified second-class wizard is called the pinnacle of the red line.

Therefore, no matter how eccentric a philosophy is, if it has risen to the second grade, there is no way to refute it.

Ethella said. As Joner, he was a red line, but on the other hand, he was a monk who had nothing to do with the wizard manpower network, so he had more freedom to speak than other teachers.

“Students in the advanced class still lack an understanding of magic. I think it's important to find your own personality that others can't imitate, not just a personality that is different from others. That’s why we pay more attention to the basics.”

The teachers' faces became contemplative. On the other hand, Sade and Shiina secretly raised their thumbs. Even though the impression was mild, it was Ethella who was hard inside.

“Do you think so? great. If so, how about checking how faithful the students taught by Etela are to the basics through a lifting evaluation method?”

I had heard about the lifting evaluation method at an academic conference in Etelado. It is said that it is more objective than other evaluation methods, and it was an effective test for estimating the overall level of the Spirit Zone.

Sirone and the others felt their hearts skip a beat at the teachers' fighting spirit.

“Hwiyu, Mr. Etella and the principal are no joke.”

"I know. Is this really going to happen?"

"no way. Even Shiina-sensei can’t say a word.”

Ethella nodded confidently.

"great. I am not proud of it, but I am proud that the basic skills of the students I taught are comparable to any other school.”

“Then let’s begin. Has any of you ever trained for Spirit Zone lifting in Class Four?”

The only people who raised their hands were Dante and his party. Alpheas refused on the grounds that it could not prove its effectiveness, but it had already been officially adopted as a subject by the Royal Magic School a year ago.

"great. Then, since everyone is curious about the transfer student’s skills, can Dante-kun come out and demonstrate it?”

"yes. It's an honor for me, Headmaster.”

As Dante walked to the image zone, Olivia instructed the teacher to set the target's sensitivity to maximum.

Etella explained the lifting to the students.

“The lifting test is an item to evaluate the function of the spirit zone as a whole. It is to hold a target with strong repulsive force in the spirit zone. As the spirit zone's density, specific gravity, and shape change, it bounces in an unspecified direction, so the longer you keep it, the better the spirit zone function is.”

Dante took his place in the center of the image zone. With a snap of her fingers, a spherical target was born on the top of her head.

---------------------------------------