Facts and Lies (4)

Melkidu, the haven of murderers.

Space 1 of the outer track is the only village that those who first come to Melki-Doo cannot go to.

Village 1, Vital.

The special reason is that attacks between users are prohibited and there are no missions.

On the contrary, it was a place where many users stayed because there were many convenient facilities.

all.

“Finally collected.”

Sitting in the restaurant, Sirone and the others started the meeting with the map they had made open.

“100 million crime points.”

At Nade's words, even in their friends' heads, the hardships of the past flowed like a kaleidoscope.

Eden sighed.

“It was hard. Because I only cleared it with honorable misdeeds to take the privilege route.”

The honorable evil perk could not be received for committing even one ordinary murder.

said Iruki.

“If you go around the outer track seven times and get 100 million, that's the perfect attack level. In some missions, I scored 10 million points on a single bomb. But the problem starts now.”

On the map they produced, the outer tracks of Melkidoo were drawn closely.

“A total of 468 tracks. Among them, we filled out 207 columns based on our own experience and information. Accelerating point accumulation in this state is unreasonable.”

For example, some missions roll dice to reduce the villain's health.

On the other hand, the opponent's attack deducts huge points, so quick elimination was the key.

“The lord of immorality. This is the only mission where I lost points. You'll need items, and you'll need to strengthen your dice. Let’s get into the inner track soon.”

Sirone said.

“The price of items entering Melkidu from the internal track is 10 billion points. If we continue like this, we will reach it someday, but there is no time for that.”

The best route was to step up the dice on the inside track and sweep the points.

said Nade.

“Once we’ve collected 100 million, let’s make it double. I saw a casino on the way.”

You can gamble in other towns, but the gambling hall in Vital is run by the system.

“It's convenient because you don't have to get involved with other users. However, betting opportunities are once for each crossing of the starting point. There is also a limit on the bet amount per unit. 1 to 99 points, 100 to 999 points.”

It was the reason I came to the first cell after collecting 100 million won.

“It’s impossible to collect up to 1 billion. Even earning 100 million points in one shot is huge.”

Eden asked anxiously.

“What if I lose? You lose almost everything.”

"haha! We have Sirone. He said he never loses in gambling. I don't know if it's Satan.”

Silence came suddenly.

“Melkidu is Satan’s… …

"Ha ha ha ha ha!"

Nade stood up with an awkward laugh.

"now! Let's stop useless thoughts and get out of here. You can earn 100 million points!”

Friends sighed.

“I’m a bit anxious.” After closing the door of the restaurant and escaping, Sirone and the others went to the gambling hall in the center of town.

About 10 stalls were installed and people were waiting in line.

'I couldn't meet so many people in other villages. It's Bai Tal after all.'

A man came out of the first compartment.

"Amazing, Great!"

It was probably a victory, and other users looked at it with envy.

“How much did you earn?”

Iruki answered Nade's words.

“It’s not really a lot of money. Even if it's a 50% chance, it's life at stake. No one bets the way we do. Or a point conglomerate.”

Row 6 was the shortest and row 7 was the longest.

“As expected, superstition reigns in a place like this. Where shall we wait?”

There was nothing to ask.

“Let’s go to number 6.”

After a while, the door to compartment 6 opened and a woman came out with a teary face.

“Huh, huh.”

She walked with her shoulders trembling, and eventually sat down as if her legs gave out.

“Aww! oh my god!"

It seemed that they had bet quite a lot, but no one showed sympathy.

When Sirone and the others entered the door, the phase space unfolded just like when the mission was completed.

- Welcome to the Devil's Gambling Ground. Please set betting points.

Sirone met her friends and said.

“100 million points.”

-Points are deducted. Currently, the remaining points are 6,878,300 points.

Sirone caught two of her crime dice, the hexahedron, falling.

- The side with the higher number wins.

Since the system also uses the same dice, there was no advantage even if the dice were strengthened.

"Goes."

Forgetting to even breathe, the friends watched the dice fall to the ground.

6 and 6 popped up.

- It's a double. You will be given one more chance.

Sirone threw the dice again without thinking, and the result was the same.

“Whoa, that’s okay. To be honest, I was nervous.”

Iruki was cautious.

“I can’t be relieved yet. Because the same hand can come out in the system. Then it will be a draw.”

“Eh.] No way, three times in a row…

While talking, the system rolled dice and two numbers called 6 came to mind.

Nade's eyes widened.

"what?"

If a 6 and a 6 come up next, the total score is tied with Sirone at 24 points.

“What if there is a draw?” A system message was heard.

- The match will be held once again, and the double will be reset. However, if you are an accomplice, the participation target will change.

chills down the spine

If the odds were 50 percent, I wouldn't have bet 100 million points in the first place.

'please please. Here's what I'm throwing.'

While Ned's heart was beating fast, two dice emitted light.

One is 6, one is 4.

-24 to 20. Congratulations. You have won the game. We give you double the bet amount.

Nade was about to collapse.

“Haha, how many times did 6 come up? My stomach is full of stomach juices.”

“For ordinary people, it would be a very unlucky case. Still, I ate this raw.”

- 100 million points will be given as a victory reward. Current points are 206,878,300 points.

“Okay, I just need to collect 9.7 billion more.”

Leaving behind the silly jokes and leaving door number 6, I could feel people staring at me.

'There's nothing good about showing off.'

Confrontation between users is prohibited, but they could meet anywhere.

"you."

As the group turned around, the woman who had been gambling at door 6 was following them.

“Did you get it?” The woman shrugged her shoulders.

“Don’t be too wary. I'm a point beggar now. Can you tell me about winning or losing?”

Sirone said.

“I won. Why?”

“Hmm, there… …

Suddenly, the woman twisted her body.

“It’s because I really don’t have points, but if the store buys one thing I want… …

"let's go."

As Nade savagely pushed the backs of his friends, the woman lifted her axe eye.

“They are real! You know who I am!”

“Who are you? Suckling Penaji.”

Fena's eyes widened at the voice heard from behind, and Sirone turned her head.

"uh?"

Curtis, who had helped them when they first came to Melkidoo, raised his hand to them.

“I haven’t seen you in a long time.”

This place was also a kind of undercoder, so the time was different from the real world.

“Mr. Curtis? How are you here?”

“The dice god led me here… … is a lie, I've been waiting for you guys. I thought I would stop by the gambling house in this amount of time.”

It was correct.

Pena snorted.

“Sheesh, what is it? Were you acquainted? Seeing you play with Curtis, you guys don't care too much, do you?"

Curtis smiled.

“It would be better to stop thinking like that. These guys are professional wizards in real life.”

“Hoo?”

Sirone asked Curtis while Pena looked at each other again.

“Do you two even know each other?”

“Rather than just acquaintances… … It's a familiar face. It's not particularly strong or weak, so I'd say it's the type that goes around the outside track in moderation?”

“You are laughing! Do you think I'm like you? I'm going to die of anger because I already lost in gambling.”

"haha. And I tell you, don't believe this woman. It's not for nothing that the nickname of Suction and Transformation Ghost was attached. Even if she loses in gambling, she'll keep her break.”

Pena frowned.

' what?'

It was more curious that Curtis was pouring out information about his sorcery than his identity being revealed.

'What do you believe in and pour information on? Are you saying that these kids will never lose money?'

Curtis asked.

“How many points do you guys currently have?”

As expected, there was no answer.

“Huh, you seem quite an expert. Then can you tell me how many laps I've done around the outside track?”

“I cannot reveal. You can infer the points.”

“So you are asking. There is no perfect alliance, but isn’t it enough trust to exchange information?”

“Is the information Mr. Curtis has worth the risk of revealing a point?”

"maybe. The information I know is a hidden way to enter Melkidu.”

Sirone made eye contact with his friends.

"how is it? Alcohol is what you guys buy.” Curtis pointed to the restaurant and Pena interrupted.

“I-I want to go too! yes? can i go i won't hear anything I mean, I'm going to die of hunger.”

'This is why he's a sucker.' Curtis said.

“Take it. In real life, fraudulent

He's a 27-year-old criminal, but he's a reliable friend.”

There was a contradiction in his words, but there must have been a reason why he insisted on dragging them along.

"great. Let's listen.”

As soon as she settled down in the restaurant, Pena opened the menu and ordered various dishes.

“Finally, a beer, please. Oh, and the lunch bread is free, right?” It was distasteful to the people living there, but I still didn't choose the expensive food.

“Are you okay with this? I'm going to pack the rest.”

"yes."

I didn't feel bad after winning 100 million points, so I was able to buy enough to eat.

Curtis asked again.

“How many laps did you do around the track?”

“Seven turns.”

“It is very fast. On top of that, if I continued to take the honorable evil route, would it be about 50 million points?”

Curtis couldn't imagine the efficiency of Sirone's party.

"what… …

"good. Not denying it means that it is at least around 50 million. Then there is a possibility.” Pena held out her hand.

"for a moment. you are eating Can I listen?”

"doesn't care. It's not like I know what to do Besides, the number of people is also important.”

Curtis asked for a cigarette.

“Either collect 10 billion, or get lucky. These are the two classic routes to Melkidu. But there is a hidden way. I'm bankrupt.”

Eden frowned.

“But when the points reach 0, you get chased by the guards. You will end up in prison.”

“That's the point. If you've served your sentence in prison, you start over at the starting point. By the way, there is one way not to go to the starting point.”

Sirone realized.

“It’s a purchase.”

It was also a crime.

"okay. jailbreak me I will become a criminal again in this place where all crimes are innocent.”

“When you become a criminal, what happens?”

Curtis looked out the window and breathed smoke from his cigarette.

“The back door won’t open.”