[156] Second Encounter (5)

Amy realized that Freeman was more tactical than expected.

The adherence to the schema, the compound eye, and the anti-magic 3% even neutralized the sniping.

It was a way to fight one's own battles at all distances in the near, middle, and far.

“Were you hiding there?”

Freeman flew up with a gun loaded with magic bullets. The process of conquering the streets while stepping on trees was not fast enough and was disconnected.

The ensuing battle was a chase after chase.

Amy continued to shoot, but was far from hitting Freeman. No matter how much the red face is backed up, an error of 3% will occur somehow.

If you approach the mid-range, you may be able to compete with the opponent, but in the end it was no different than entering Freeman's garden.

'This is the only way.'

Amy didn't give up and stuck to sniping. But Freeman, who didn't even have to evade, was about to yawn.

It doesn't matter which way you try. There was no jaw to be hit by sniping, and if they approached, it was enough to avoid it with the compound eye.

“I heard that a wizard's mental power has a limit... … .”

At the beginning of the battle, the wizard who did not need to change bullets had an advantage, but since he could not cast magic infinitely, as time passed, the victory had to lean towards the gunner.

As the speed of the flame strike became slower than before, Freeman moved to catch his prey in earnest.

Amy no longer had the mental strength left to cast magic. It felt like her brain was bleaching. Her omnipotence was not clinging to her batteries & nbsp;

"ha. ha."

However, Amy squeezed even a small amount of mental strength. She did and she finally cast her final flame strike.

Freeman calmly watched the surge of magic. Like Gunner, a ballistics expert, he was already aware of the fact that the hitting point was slightly off.

Freeman raised his two guns and put his index finger on the trigger. The opponent wouldn't even be able to maintain fly magic. It was safe to think of her as an ordinary girl now.

pop!

At that moment, a powerful shock hit Freeman's temple. For the first time, emotion showed on his face.

doubts and wonders.

Clearly, the flame strike was 10 meters away from the point of impact. But why is it that he can come as a shock to himself?

The thought was over there. Freeman, hit in the vitals, fell to the ground with a thud. His sprawled face began to burn.

'Marsha... … .'

Amy, who struggled to cling to the tree and came down to the ground, eventually couldn't stand it and hit her butt.

The fatigue was great. It was a state of mental exhaustion more than ordinary people worked all night for four days.

However, the adventure, like gambling, had succeeded, so the mood was not too bad.

"omg! omg! done. I won.”

In Amy's last attack, the range of sniper mode was actually less than 100 meters.

If Freeman hadn't approached, the flame strike would have disappeared before reaching its target.

But Freeman rushed and it was a failure. Amy, who gave up the distance of 200 meters, tried with her remaining mental strength, and it was a four-way breakaway type.

It hit Freeman by changing its trajectory to the zone that holds only flame strikes.

In this way, the attack cannot be avoided with 3% anti-magic. 

If he had thrown a stone so far, it was the same reason as holding it in his hand and hitting him this time.

"Anyway, I'm glad we won. If I had died, I would have been too embarrassed to go to heaven.”

Because the battle between his friends was in full swing, he didn't even have time to recover. Amy slouched down on her back as she took hard steps toward her cliff.

* * *

Freeman's face was on fire. But he didn't even groan.

From the moment he regained consciousness from the pain of the burns, there was only one thought in his head.

'I have to go to Marsha.'

Amy's flames constantly burned her skin, but Freeman's body was also repairing cells at the same speed.

At the crossroads of pain and rest, neither alive nor dead, Freeman recalled his childhood days with Marsha.

"uh? it's freeman Cowardly Freeman.”

“Let's look at eyebrows Freeman! won't you cry soon? I mean cry!”

Freeman was always a joke. because he was a coward

Of course, no one is born a coward. He thought his severely slanted eyebrows were to blame for everything.

“Ha, don’t do it. It hurts.”

“Then cry. If you make me cry, Marsha will come. Pretty Marsha.”

“Don’t bully Marsha!”

“You idiot, Marsha is the alley manager, so who is bothering you? Besides, Marsha is fun! She cries quickly anyway. Eight, Eight.”

“Aaaaaagh! Marsha!”

Freeman couldn't hold back his tears and ran away.

The children were frantic to make him cry. He was not prone to stabbing his face with tree branches, and would pick up and throw stones when severe.

"hey! Tell Marsha to come over here! We're going to play war together."

The children rang Freeman to play with Marsha. Nevertheless, Freeman always ran to Marsha's house.

Being bullied, the only place he could go was her house.

Every time I come, I feel it, but it was a lonely house. Her father, a mercenary, did not even have furniture in the house. He often stayed up all night when he went to work, and he would beat Marsha every once in a while when he came back.

When I opened Marsha's door, she was sitting in the corner of the empty room.

In a room without a bed, desk, or even that common blanket, only leftover bread and a glass of milk occupied the place.

“Marsha, hey, they hit me.”

She always cuts her hair short. But she has a pretty face. Marsha greeted Freeman with a friendly smile.

“Ugh, aren’t you tired of being beaten all the time? So why are you hanging out with those guys?”

“It doesn’t fit. They somehow find me and harass me.”

"okay. I'll go ahead and tell you. Where are they?”

said Freeman, wiping his nose.

“Can I not go? If you go out and the uncle comes in, you get beaten up.”

“It’s the same thing anyway, but what? I'll tell the kids I won't play with them if they bully you.”

"no! You don't want to play with those kids, but you're forcing yourself to play because of me. I don't want Marsha to smile at those kids.”

“Oh, thank you. then get a little stronger A shout out to the subject of help.”

Marcia poked Freeman in the forehead. An offended Freeman ran to the door and spread his arms.

“I still hate it! don't go!"

"What's wrong with you today? Try yelling at other kids like that. Hey, do you like me? Is that why you're jealous of playing with other kids?"

Freeman's face flushed red. He was so nervous that he could hear his heart beating in his ears and vomit.

Marsha shook her hand and said, as if that was funny.

“Hey, kidding, kidding. Anyway, the liver is only peas... … .”

"okay! you like it! What should I do? It's a girl!”

Marsha stared blankly at Freeman.

“Can’t I like you? Did I even tell you to like me? What I like is my heart, but why are you saying this and that? A coward like me shouldn't like anyone?"

When Freeman, who was not good at expressing emotions, shouted in excitement like never before, Marsha held out both hands to calm him down before the situation escalated.

“Yeah, okay, okay. Sorry. You like it, of course it's your freedom.”

“Hey, sir! really! Treating you as an idiot!”

Marsha's childish attitude infuriated Freeman even more. Then Marsha smiled and took her by the wrist and brought Freeman to her seat.

“I didn’t treat you like an idiot. So calm down a bit.”

Marsha put on a rag-like cloak and prepared to leave.

Freeman kept his mouth shut for a while, perhaps feeling ashamed of having yelled at him loudly, then raised his gaze secretly.

“Are you really going to play with them?”

“No, I’ll just scold you and come back. Come play with me later.”

Marsha's words brightened Freeman's expression.

"really? You must come quickly!”

"okay. If you're hungry, eat bread and milk. Because I ate it all.”

When Marsha left the house, silence came again. Freeman, too, assimilated into the poor room's scenery, became sullen again.

'Ah, I was going to say this while giving it to you.'

Freeman pulled a small hand mirror from his pocket. It was something I had bought after three months of running small errands.

Marsha had nothing but one set of clothes. Because her adoptive father steals everything.

“I’m still a woman, but I need a mirror. Uncle is also very strange. I don't know why you have such a pretty daughter.”

Thinking that Marsha would like it, Freeman smiled. But his reflection in the mirror was never a smile.

Seriously drooping eyebrows.

Because of these eyebrows, I got the nickname crybaby from a young age, and after living like that for 10 years, I really became a crybaby.

“Is it that strange? That's good enough.”

Years passed and Marsha and Freeman also turned 17. 

Freeman was still a coward in the neighborhood, but he had a good reputation for his hard work.

But the only person he was serious with was Marsha.

The reason he saved the money he spent on living expenses was to buy a present for Marsha.

Of course, no matter how much she bought her, it seemed that her father would take it all away, but Marsha was really happy when she did.

Freeman was willing to spend any amount of money just to see Marcia smile.

At some point, she seemed to have lost her smile. She had a vague guess. The adoptive father had been harassing Marsha even more recently.

Of course, most of the children grew up in a similar home environment. 

Freeman also lives with his drunkard father calling him an idiot every day.

Then one day, Freeman finally found out. The fact that the stabbing inflicted on Marsha was of a completely different nature from what parents do to their children.

“Marsha, Marsha?”

Perhaps it was fate that I found Marsha's house that night. It was because she liked the fact that the face of Marsha, whom she met during the day, was much more gloomy than usual.

No matter how many times I knocked on the door, when Marsha did not come out, my anxiety increased.

Freeman had no choice but to climb through the window. Most of the windows were open in the summer because I had nothing to take with me anyway.

“Huh, Marsha? Were you in the room? But why answer... … .”

Freeman froze at the sight of the moonlit room. I saw a stunned Marsha on his knees.

A knife was in her hand, and blood dripping from the blade ran down the floor onto a corpse.

“Oh, Marsha… … .”

Freeman suddenly came to his senses and ran. I don't know where she got this courage, but it occurred to her that if Marsha let her mind go, she must do something of her own.

"wake up. What happened?”

After grabbing the shoulder and shaking it several times, Marsha regained her senses.

Shocking words came out of her mouth as she blankly looked up at Freeman.

“Dad… … They tried to run over me.”

Freeman was at a loss for words.

He couldn't talk and his eyes were dark, so I thought he was a pervert, but he wasn't his parents? 

Disgusting feelings rushed in when the unexpected thing turned out to be true.

“Let’s run away. Uncle is a mercenary. If my colleagues find out, they will come for revenge.”

Freeman was right. Clever Marsha came to her senses as soon as she heard the story. She had to get out of her house as soon as possible.

Marsha suddenly burst out laughing. She had never had anything, so she realized that she had nothing to pack with her when she left.

Freeman grabbed Marcia's wrist and left the house. The two of them ran to the entrance of the village without stopping once.

"omg! omg! That's it. I think you can rest easy for now.”

"huh. I won't be able to follow you all the way out of town.”

Marsha gasped and calmed herself down. Although fearful of her adoptive father's co-workers, she was confident that she would run away even to the ends of the world.

---------------------------------------