[193] 6. Anecdote (2)

"no. Even if their lives end, the subjects of Heaven do not die. Regenerated into a new life through the sake of anecdotes.”

“Then it is arithmetically incorrect. If everyone can live forever, why is the population the same?”

“The lifespan of subjects is under the control of Ra. Because the lifespan of the entire population is calculated under strict laws, we can keep a fixed figure.”

Eternal life and population limitation were words that could not go hand in hand.

In the end, the key lies in the sake of anecdotes.

However, like Guardlock, Kanya also avoided explaining. Whether it was a subject or a heretic, he had his own beliefs, but it seemed that that was not the case with Anecdote's sake.

contradiction.

The sake of the anecdote Sirone imagined was a huge contradiction.

From the valley of the whirling snake, through the forest of the profane, we reached heaven.

The group raised their heads to the sky.

Compared to the size of the walls, they were but dust. It was an extreme scale that humans could not create.

Kanya introduced this place as District 73 and added that there are 820 Districts in the 1st Thousand alone.

Giving up on her imagination, Sirone touched the wall. He thought it was stone, but it was metal.

Heaven's technology was beyond the common sense of Sirone and the others.

“Is it okay if we go in?”

"It will be fine. Because it's Nephilim. But it is unpredictable.”

“Then why don’t we jump over the castle wall instead?”

I thought it would be impossible to cross the wall that reached the sky, but there was no other way.

But even Kanya shook her head.

“No drone can fly in the airspace of Heaven except drones that are approved to fly. You will be intercepted. I've never heard of it before, but I've heard of it from his grandfather before. And it's impossible to sneak in anyway.”

"why? There doesn't seem to be anyone guarding the door."

“There is no restriction on entry. It's a matter of the law. The information that occurs in heaven is managed by the sixth heaven, where angels reside. Since it can measure the mass fluctuations of each zone and even the gaseous components mixed with the air, it is futile even if they come in from hiding. don't worry too much Because nothing dangerous will happen. This is not purgatory.”

Kanya, a subject, reassured Sirone that there was no need to plant bad feelings about heaven in advance.

As he approached the gate and thrust the gauntlet, a red beam emanated from the lens and scanned the surface.

The sound of the world shaking was heard as the gates opened. Even blocking my ears didn't help.

When the entrance to Area 73 was opened, Sirone and the others followed Kanya and entered Heaven.

The lens sparkled as the gates closed.

The information of the newly changed District 73 was transmitted to the 6th Heaven Jebul.

Total mass 49,739,498,847.3423 kg.

0.0000024 percent increase in carbon dioxide emissions.

@

Sharmain's first impression was heterogeneous.

The residences of the tribes were divided across the street, but the cultural styles were extremely different.

Norse buildings were utilitarian, whereas Kergoin's buildings were extravagant. And when they found Meccain's building, Sirone and Amy stopped and were speechless.

It was the magic warehouse, Estas.

Square boxes were piled up in layers, and they moved freely intersecting with the building next to it.

I didn't think that Mecca would visit the magic school. In some way, it was proof that Mecha's technology had flowed into the original world.

Kanya passed through the streets of Mecca and came out to the square.

The scenery of the plaza, where various races are mixed like a bridgehead of culture, seemed to see the international market of a neutral country.

“Sirone, look over there.”

Amy pointed to the statue of the giant.

It felt different from when I saw it at the Kergo Altar. Giants actually live here. He even fought a battle.

What is the reason why the giant who is admired by the subjects is wandering in Purgatory?

Kanya's house was the same size as the other Meccan houses.

If Kergo was for show off and Nor was for practical use, Mecha seemed to pursue standards.

Upon entering Kanya's house, the building rose to the fourth floor.

Unlike the inhuman form, the inside was cozy.

My parents, who were sitting at the table, jumped up.

I heard that the sake of the anecdote is for those whose lifespan is ending, but their faces are much younger than Sirone expected.

Kanya's mother hugged her two daughters and shouted.

“Where have you been? Do you know how worried her mother was?”

"Sorry. There was a situation.”

“Who are those children? You look like a Norse.”

“I went to Nord’s Shelter. to get this.”

When Kanya handed out the potion, her mother's eyes widened in shock.

never told anyone But how does his daughter know about this?

"you… … This… … .”

“It’s a stimulant, made with Nor’s magic. Drink this before drinking alcohol.”

“Lena! Why did you do this? Mom didn't want this!”

"So you're saying you're just watching? Even her mother went to Purgatory to give her medicine to her grandfather!”

"Who the hell are you talking to... … !”

“Grandpa told me! That's why Grandpa was able to drink anecdotes while laughing until the end! That's it! That's family!”

“Why are you really like that! Then you must know that my mother's lifespan was shortened while looking for medicine! How would her mother feel if her daughter did the same thing!”

Dad, who had been listening with a sad expression, interrupted.

“Both of you, stop. It's already spilled water. It's okay since we got back safely."

After drying his wife, he looked back at Sirone and the others.

“Then are you heretics, from Nord's resting place?”

Kanya introduced Sirone and the others.

"no. They are from the country of the land. You saved my life and Lena's life and helped me get this medicine too. If it wasn’t for those people, I might have died.”

There are no parents in the world who would treat their daughter harshly when they were told that they had saved their daughter's life.

Dad called Sirone and the others home.

While her mother prepared the meal, Kanya told her about her experiences in Purgatory.

When it was said that Sirone was a Nephilim, both of them knelt and the living room was in an uproar.

After the party's earnest request, the parents agreed to treat them comfortably.

“I see. Thank you for helping Kanya and Lena. But you'd better get out of here quickly. Even the Nephilim would not welcome those from the land.”

"no. We intend to go to the 7th thousand.”

Arabot, the sacred place of God, was such a holy place that it would be disrespectful to even dare to say that I would go there. However, since Sirone was free from the law, he was free to say the words that came to his mind.

"but… … There is no way to get to the Seventh Heaven.”

“You should think about that from now on. What I'm more curious about is the law here. What do you mean by shortening lifespan?”

“Literally. Subjects are given life span according to the law from birth. Kanya's lifespan is 62 years. Lena can live to be 73.”

"what? Lena is the younger sister, but she has a longer lifespan?”

“Life can change at any time. Lena got ten extra years of life for singing her hymn beautifully in her childhood. It's a good thing, but the problem is my wife. Her wife lived 43 years and 247 days. She only has one day left.”

Sirone's heart sank.

What kind of person in the world knows lifespan up to one day in advance? If he did, he was terrifying to imagine.

Even so, Kanya's mother was smiling. Because she is sure that the grace of Ra will fall.

“My wife's lifespan was cut short by 20 years for going to purgatory when she was young. So tomorrow she goes into the anecdote.”

Changing a person's lifespan is a cruel thing. No, I didn't think it would be possible.

If Ra rules the lifespan, how old is he?

It is said that the history of heaven is hundreds of thousands of years. Maybe Ra is really a god.

“What is the sake of anecdotes?”

“Hmm, I guess I didn’t tell you. I guess so. It's not a good thing to know. Above all, aren't the Nephilim free from the law? It has nothing to do with you.”

“I still want to know. If you know what it is, you might come up with a good method.”

“Hmm, if that’s the case… … .”

Just as Dad was about to speak, a clear voice rang out from outside the window.

“Everyone support me! Mecca officer Feofenira.”

Sirone and the others jumped to their feet.

Like sound amplification magic, the voice was reaching this far. Most surprising of all was that the language was automatically translated.

The ability to transmit mentally without going through a channel.

If it was magic, it was a high difficulty.

“In the end, what was to come had to come. It is a fairy.”

“A fairy? Is that the fairy I know?”

Sirone recalled the fairies living in the original world.

Kanya's father mistook the fairy he was talking about for a fairy here and nodded.

"okay. doers of the law. If a giant keeps the law, a fairy is a doer of the law. He can be said to be my vassal. It must have come because of Kanya and Lena's case.”

“What shall we do?”

“If you are a Nephilim, you don't have to worry. being free from the law. but… … I don't know if she'll take that into consideration. Because of her unique personality.”

“What are you doing! Citizens of this house, open the door!”

A fairy's voice came from outside the door.

This was on the 4th floor. And the fairy Sirone knew was never a flying being.

Dad opened the door and, contrary to Sirone's expectations, a dainty creature flew in.

It was a girl the size of the palm of my hand.

She had curly blonde hair, and she was so pretty that her features were clearly visible even on her small face. He was wearing ankle-high green boots, and his transparent wings were swaying at an invisible speed.

When Kanya's family knelt down, Sirone's party also followed them.

Floating in the air, Feope lifted her chin and said.

“I am Peope, the fairy of the spiral. He appeared in person to judge the subjects.”

Fairies, like jack-o-lanterns, are born from the heart, but they are not attributes of the natural world.

single concept.

Thus, fairies were rational and were able to dominate the embodied concept.

“So from now on I will enforce the law. Kanya and Lena, have you ever been to Purgatory?”

"yes. I have been out.”

Kanya's parents closed their eyes.

However, Kanya, the party involved, was calm. It was something he had been preparing for before he left heaven.

If there's just something... … It was Lena.

"sorry. I wanted to treat her mother with delicious food before the drinking of Ilhwa, so I hunted in the forest of the vulgar.”

Since Kergo can freely come and go to Purgatory, he wondered if his sins would be lightened if he made an excuse for hunting.

However, Feope pushed her as if she didn't care about the situation of her subjects.

“Hey, how dare you tell a lie. What use is food to a subject who will die tomorrow?”

Kanya's mother eventually burst into tears.

Even if the sake of anecdote is a blessing, is there any creature in the world who is not afraid of death? Such dangerous feelings were stirred up by Feope.

Sirone felt anger at that fact.

The subjects call Ilhwa's sake regeneration. However, the words from the fairy, the official of domestic affairs, were a clear death sentence.

The reason it wasn't a simple threat was because I couldn't feel any malice from Peope's words.

It was like an innocent child expressing his feelings honestly.

“Anyway, don’t judge. Kanya and Lena, I cut your lifespan by 40 years.”

Kanya had a stunned expression. If you cut 40 years, your remaining life will be less than 10 years. Lena is on her better side, but she will end her life at the age of 33.

Being sentenced to a 40-year cut for trespassing was the highest record she knew.

Same-age sales a year ago received a five-year cut. Uncle Kai, a Norse, was seven years old. Even the mother, who is known as the most unlucky case, is 20 years.

But cut 40 years? She says yes, but what about Lena's life?

---------------------------------------