End of History (2)

Kido said.

“Back off.”

I can understand it because I ate Havitz's leg.

'Everything about this guy is a joke.' but.

"It's no joke from now on."

I was seriously thinking of destroying something. In a sense, I threw my heart into this world.

“Uorin.”

A charcoal-black human raised his eyes. The chaos that always lingered in his eyes was compressed and compressed again and hardened into an atrocious hostility.

'Satan has no vanishing. But, maybe I don't need that anymore.'

Whether others realize it or not, Havits will do what it wants.

“Whoa.”

As Havitz exhaled, his body caught fire and the landscape around him began to burn.

A terrifying scene unfolded in the underworld, made of the viscera and remains of creatures.

Kido blocked Uorin's path.

'I burned the foil.'

Havitz's fire had gone out, but the embers were burning in the crevices of his body.

“Give me a chance.”

In fact, nothing like that remains.

“Give me Uorin. Then I'll kill you painlessly. I bet it wasn't a lie this time.

“It will really hurt.”

Those who heard those words imagined the maximum amount of pain that could be inflicted on them.

Kido said.

“I can’t.”

Since the chaos of Havitz has been broken, mankind has the means to resist Satan.

'It must be a history search. Perhaps to find the child from a moment ago.'

In order to find the wizard of supergong, future poetry was needed.

'The only place where all human possibilities are drawn is empty. It is there.'

Wizard.

“Choose.”

Every time Havitz took a step, the shape of the soles of his feet changed into intestines.

Even thinking it was bizarre for a moment, Kido made a decision and kicked off the ground and charged.

'Vanishing.'

Although it is difficult to maintain the state of chaos, Habitz has now lost his ability.

'I'll kill you in one shot.'

When Kido's spear struck Havitz's neck, the steel spear burned with a bang.

'what?'

The spear blade, which had turned into charcoal, continued to burn like a wick and touched his hands.

“Aaaaaaa!”

Vanishing dissolves, great pain

Sensing it, Kido trembled and stepped back.

Uorin's face went pale.

“Kee, Kido.”

Tears welled up in Kido's eyes as he checked his blackened hands.

'This is terrible.'

It wasn't tolerable.

However, the reason why pain is scary is that it does not think about the position of the person suffering.

“Huh!”

His hardened hands were so painful that he couldn't even shake them, but Kido energized them.

“Aaaaaaa!” The skin peeled off and the raw meat came out.

“Haha! Haha!”

Even that was not an acceptable pain.

"??????Satan."

While everyone felt the seriousness of the situation, Havitz opened his arms.

As his body caught fire again, even the landscape of the underworld burned black.

“This world.”

Aaaaaaaaaaaa!

Habitz spoke in the screams of the dead.

“It will turn to ashes.”

Law of Evil, Death Field.

Only death exists wherever his touch touches, wherever his feet touch.

“Only pain.”

Omega's final moments were a world defined by atrocities.

Tess was in tears.

“Ah, Amy.”

In the place where the incarnation of Dainichi Nyorai disappeared, not even a strand of hair remained.

Complete annihilation, emptiness.

“… … There would be no pain.” Two streaks of dried blood remained on Nane's cheek as she raised her head.

“Since this world is suffering, it should be closed. I will save sentient beings and achieve the life of the King of Paradise.”

Evil points to pain, and pain points to emptiness.

"I am."

A bright radiance like the sun spread behind Nane's back.

“It is Buddha.”

true buddha.

He became perfect by abandoning Amy, the only remaining obsession in this world.

and Sirone.

"this?… ”

Standing up with delirious eyes, he shouted at the sun.

“You bastard!”

A man's voice echoed wide in the silence where no one could speak.

“Aaaaaaa!”

Sirone flew up alone and rushed toward Nane at the fastest speed.

“Kill it!”

The previous Yahweh could not be found in his eyes full of murder and harsh words.

“Sermon.”

I scolded you.

"half."

The moment the red sword flew like a flash and pierced the pit of the stomach, Sirone's eyes widened.

"omg!"

Even during the fall with his whole body losing strength, he still didn't realize it.

'… … why?'

Miracle Stream doesn't activate?

“Sirone.”

Nane said with a calm expression.

“You are not Yahweh.”

If there is no one in this world who loves you more than yourself, how can you love someone else?

Sirone finally realized it, but she had no desire to regain her composure.

"Do not be ridiculous."

His expression crumpled fiercely again, and the immortal function broke the Buddha's sermon.

'Yahweh or something.'

Me, I will definitely kill you.

“Sirone! no!"

Miro shouted, but Sirone, already consumed with hatred, charged again.

“Photon Cannon.”

Thousands of spheres of light were born and all were shot towards one place.

“You foolish middle school student.” Looking at the flashes of light gathering like a vanishing point in perspective, Nane took the pose of class president.

“Get out of obsession.”

Qurrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr!

A tremendous explosion shook the atmosphere.

“What are you talking about?”

Shiina, who had been hiding in the cave, looked outside again. Two types of magic were intersecting in the sky as bright as daylight.

orb and sword.

Since she was also a wizard, she realized that there was no magic beyond that.

“… … Shiina.”

Turning around at the sudden voice, Ku An was approaching with a disheveled expression.

"I… … protect.”

Hearing those words, Shiina no longer struggled and smiled.

"are you okay. Because it has nothing to do with us. sleep a little longer You must be tired.”

Shiina pushed Kuan away.

Of course, it couldn't be helped that the backbone was spooky in the world they turned away from behind their backs, but it was crazy to bring Kuan, who couldn't do anything, into the battlefield.

“Shina, protect me.”

Quan insisted.

Even Shiina felt strange seeing her return to the cave entrance no matter how much she pushed.

"What's wrong?"

The next moment, I felt the trembling of the space, and a completely different landscape from that of the forest was born.

It was an underground dungeon somewhere.

'Space magic.'

It was a level of difficulty that only top-notch wizards could master.

"success."

It spat out words lightly, and what came out was something in the form of a human.

'person… … No, is it a creature?' It had a plastered white body and had no genitals other than that it was muscular.

"cotton."

Shiina's voice trembled.

It felt different from when I saw it in heaven, but rather, it seemed that even the least biological inclinations had been removed.

“Haha, I found it.”

With such a bright smile, Moo Myung approached Quan.

"Do not come!"

Shiina activated Spirit Zone, but a bad memory came to her mind.

'This guy steals the opponent's ability.' No, to be more precise, it would be learning, but I didn't want to call it that.

"are you okay. Because I am not interested in you.” The eyes of the unknown were only on Quan.

“You don’t have to beat everyone.”

Because if you defeat a high rank, you have defeated all beings in between.

“It will be different this time.”

The two arms of the nameless stretched out like oil paint and turned into two swords.

Moo-myeong tilted his head at the sight of Kuan not responding even in front of his opponent.

"weird."

According to the memories of the previous life, it must have been an unapproachable high level.

“There is nothing to learn.”

It was dull and clumsy, so it seemed that the bottom of the combat order would be suitable.

“You are incapacitated.”

Shiina's pride was hurt more than Kuan's.

“Don’t speak carelessly! This person sacrificed himself to protect me!”

"Protect?"

It reminded me of Moo-myeong when her mother gave birth to her.

“… … I don't know. That guy has a higher rank, so why is he sacrificing for you?”

'I can't understand the language.'

You can't even fight

Considering that Armin managed to block it with the stop magic, it is impossible to escape.

"Anyway, since I'm here, I'll beat you too."

As the nameless sword pointed toward Shiina, she could feel the goosebumps of life.

'I can't win.'

When assumptions turned into facts, Quan reacted and moved for the first time.

"I… … protect.” Anonymous said.

"Move. you don't have to kill With skills inferior to those I killed earlier... …

“Shina… … Protect. I… …

The brow furrowed at the fool's stubbornness, but Moo-myeong changed his mind.

"good."

For those who pushed themselves out of the ranks of life, a battle of revenge would be fine.

“You seem to have lost your intelligence, but take a closer look. This is a state beyond the old you.”

The ignorance that spread the etheric waves disappeared, and white swords protruded from all directions.

"how is it?"

A voice came from the left.

“They completely took over the space. Where do you want to escape now?”

continued from the right.

Kuan, who had been watching the scene with a blank expression, moved on with a limp.

"No! If you go wrong... … !”

When Shiina grabbed his shoulder, Kuan turned his head.

“Shina.”

The corners of his mouth went up in a bash.

"Smile."

The nameless twin swords rotated in a spiral shape and pressed the space where the two were sitting.

Clown Pierrot - Idiot.

The next moment, Quan, who was standing in a different space before he knew it, slapped his sword as usual.

There was no blood on him, but the head of the unknown standing behind his back had been torn off.

Just as Shiina shuddered, the face that had been rolling on the floor opened its mouth.

“Uh, how? There was nowhere to escape.” "that??????

Hehe, Kuan laughed for a while and said.

"It's your idea."

'okay?'

Anonymous blinked his eyes.

' I don't know.'

What the hell is that guy... … What did you see?

At the last moment when he came back, there was only one memory Moo-myeong could recall.

An existence born from the union of Garra, who is all about reproduction, and Adio, the angel of achievement.

'Mom, I'm sorry. Again... …

I didn't get 1st place.

No one said it was okay.

Maybe that's more painful than being the best, Anonymous thought.

Shiina, who was fascinated by the short battle, hurriedly came to her senses and ran.

“Quan! are you okay?"

"lol."

Quan seemed to be in a good mood.

“Kept. Shiina.”

I realized in that moment.

'I'm not stupid.'

any realm.

I thought I was protecting him who had become a disabled person, but instead, I was the one who was protected.

"thank you."

In a situation where the world was perishing moment by moment, the safest person was Shiina.

'Together until the end.'

With that thought, I grabbed Quan's body and led him, but I heard applause from the forest.

match! match! match!

Where Shiina hurriedly turned around, a woman with elf characteristics was smiling.

“It was an emotional battle. It’s a really good piece of lumber.”

"Who are you?"

If it were an elf, she would be on the side of humanity, but her eyes flashed with madness.

"well. How should I introduce myself?” male speech?

“Illuminati.”

The name of the body was Erin, and the name of the person who boarded her brain was Crown.

“Anyway, that… …

Crown pointed to Quan and asked.

“Looks like there are no passengers?”