[128] Island. Galliant(5)

"Hey! Stop!”

Sirone took a step and shouted. 

Garmoth looked back at Sirone with an absurd expression. I wondered if a guy who didn't know anything about anything jumped out, but he was a boy not yet twenty, and he was carrying a shopping cart in both his hands.

“What are you? Where does the child of a laborer grow up?”

“Please free her. Everyone is watching, and the security will come soon.”

“Puhahaha! guard? Do you know who I am?”

“If you know who you are, what difference does it make? If it continues like this, I will go and call the guards myself.”

“Hmm… … .”

As Garmoth relaxed her hands, the woman hurriedly escaped and hid behind Sirone's back. She was just a boy, but the only people she depended on were four, Shiro, in the crowd.

"Help me. that person me... … .”

Garmoth frowned and approached.

“Something like a beggar annoys people. Hey, kid, I'm a trader here on Galliant Island. That woman stole my things. She said that she also tried to steal fine porcelain and broke it and ate it.”

"yes? pottery?”

Sirone blinked. If the man's words are true, then the story goes that the woman standing behind her was stealing. 

In the end, it was said that he tried to get compensation with his body because he stole something, and it was enough to cover the right and wrong, but it was an ambiguous situation to take someone's side.

"okay. Of course, I used that as an excuse to ask for my body. But since I damaged the item, shouldn't I be compensated in some way? Even if she calls the guards, she says it's that woman who is being taken away.”

When Sirone turned around, the woman whose eyes met hurriedly averted her gaze.

“Is what he said true?”

“Yes, sorry. But I really needed that pottery. Really.”

"ha ha ha! There is no case in the world where pottery is absolutely necessary. money if you need it I was just trying to make money. You understand now, kid? It's better not to get involved with a girl like that. Of course, if you're looking for a one-night stand, it's perfect. Isn't that right, gentlemen?"

The onlookers burst into laughter along with Garmoth. It wasn't a situation that made me laugh, but it was because the tension that had been overlapped with various factors was relieved at once.

“It looks like you came to hang out with your friends, so why not cook some delicious food. This is what happens when you carelessly interfere in the affairs of adults.”

The woman waved Sirone's arm and ejaculated.

“Please don't go. You never know what that man will do if you go.”

“How about embroidering? Talk to the guard and it will be resolved.”

“Never. That man has a tight grip on this island. Please trust me.”

“How much does the pottery cost?”

"I don't know the price, but it's probably around 50 silver."

Sirone was lost in thought. It's not difficult for her to shell out 50 silver for a woman. But is it really right to compensate her for having money? Just as she had no right to condemn anyone's sins, she thought, she had no right to pardon anyone's sins.

Sirone made a decision and approached Garmoth.

“I will reimburse the price of the pottery instead. So please release the woman.”

Gamos narrowed his eyes in surprise. Of course, 50 silver is not a lot of money for nobles. However, what is the intention of protecting the woman even while confronting herself, who is in a powerful position in Galliant?

“Ahh, now that I see it, you intend to occupy it? Well, where would a kid like you get such a beauty for 50 silver?”

Sirone's brow narrowed. Well, I was offended by the words of Garmoth, who treated me as horny just because I could see something in my eyes.

“I don’t think so. Do you think everyone is like you?”

“Then why are you leaving? That woman was stealing. Just hand her over to the guards and she'll be fine.”

“It's not for me to judge what this woman did. Still, the reason she spends 50 silver is because she believes that she shouldn't pay a greater price for her sins. If she intends to add something of her own to this woman, she will take this money and finish it.”

The woman who heard Sirone's words lit up her eyes as if she had realized something. Gamos, on the other hand, snorted at her. I only pay 50 silver, so what's the point of thinking so complicated?

“Here, 50 silver. Please forgive her now.”

Gamos stared at the silver coin on Sirone's palm.

To be honest, I couldn't feel better. She was also a woman to be missed, and she didn't like Shirone's attitude either.

From his point of view, it looked like an ignorant kid who was enchanted by the beauty and turned his eyes away.

“There is no need for compensation. It's overflowing and overflowing anyway, because it's money. Instead, there is one condition.”

"condition? What is it?”

“I know you are a wonderful man who sacrifices himself for women. If so, can you apologize to me on behalf of that woman? It means to bow your head to me in front of everyone.”

The attention of the onlookers was focused on Sirone. It was not common to endure humiliation for others, but Sirone willingly walked out.

"all right. If you forgive me for that, I apologize.”

“Don’t just talk, keep your head down. I mean to offer a very polite apology.”

Sirone bent down deeply.

“I apologize on behalf of this woman for stealing the pottery. Please forgive me.”

“Hmm.”

The man arrogantly lowered his eyes and looked at Sirone. Then he burst out laughing, so he took a step and whipped out an uppercut.

Seeing the fist rising in front of her eyes, Sirone reflexively backed away. The back of the giant's hand passed in front of him, causing the sound of the wind.

“What, what are you doing?”

Gamos clicked his tongue as if he knew that and pointed at Sirone.

“Look. did you avoid it? You didn't really apologize to me. Maybe you could have saved that woman if you had been punched. but you avoided It's because I was afraid of getting hit. now you know The world isn't that kind. If you can refute, try it. You are just pretending to be nice.”

People agreed to Garmoth's words. If she really meant to save her, she could have shut her eyes and beaten her. But Sirone avoided it. After all, she was saying that she was faking it.

Voices of contempt flew from here and there.

“So it is. He took all the forms, and now he is revealing his true colors. I thought I was a great saint again, what is it?”

“Anyway, kids these days are so rude. That way, I know he looks really cool.”

Sirone couldn't understand people's reactions.

"What's wrong with my avoidance?"

“I still don’t know how embarrassing this is! Everyone watching here is disappointed in you. At one point, he acted like a great apostle of justice, and it was all a pretense!”

Sirone's face turned into an embarrassment.

“What are you talking about? Isn’t it better to do something good, even if it’s fake, than to do something bad like you?”

"what? that… … .”

Garmoth became mute after eating honey. Even those who had been ridiculing them could not hide their bewilderment.

The woman who stood back and watched the situation came to a conclusion close to certainty.

'My guess was correct. this child… … It's a wizard.'

The magician does not ask 'Who is the correct answer?' What they questioned was 'what is the correct answer?'

This boy doesn't rationalize himself. The method of acknowledging the facts and inferring the correct answer was a common thinking system among wizards.

The woman sneered at the dumb people who ate honey.

'Hmph, those who didn't even think of helping anyone but were only focused on degrading other people's good deeds, that's why you can't do it.'

In any case, it was time to move. It was best to get out of the gap where people's eyes were focused on Sirone and Gamos.

The woman, who moved slowly along the wall, quickly turned a corner and disappeared at some point.

Meanwhile, Garmoth's face was flushed. The boy, who has always offended everyone from his appearance until now, is now blaspheming his own outlook on life.

Even in front of a lot of people.

“Little boy, you seem to have touched the wrong person.”

Garmoth's voice sank heavily. It was her original voice after taking off the merchant's mask. Then, the quick-witted bodyguards pulled out the swords that were worn around their waists.

Living is just an idea, but it is a force that affects reality. This is because humans imagine death just by having a sharpened long sword in space.

“What are you looking at? Hurry up and beat it up!”

At Garmoth's instructions, bodyguards rushed from left and right. He wouldn't kill people recklessly, but he was prepared to cut down if necessary.

At that moment, dirt and dust flew in the eyes of the bodyguard. Then another stone flew in and hit another bodyguard in the forehead.

Sirone looked back at the spot where the stone flew. On the way into the alley, the woman from earlier was standing with a pile of stones in her arms.

She continued to throw stones at him. Then, as her bodyguards backed off, she grabbed Sirone by the wrist and ran down her alleyway.

“Let's run away! Follow me this way!”

"uh? excuse me… … .”

Sirone knew early on that the woman had left.

Even so, it was because I thought it was fortunate that I pretended not to know.

Gamos, who I had a direct conversation with, was a person who would make a woman pay much harsher than the punishment for her sins.

“Then why did you come back?”

"hurry! If you get entangled with them, you'll be in trouble!”

The two of them ran down the maze-like alleyway. Thanks to the woman penetrating the complex road, the figure of the two disappeared from the bodyguard's sight in an instant.

Garmoth's voice came from the market.

“Catch them all and catch them! I’ll throw out a very premature sentence!”

* * *

The warehouse was hot with the heat of violence. Falcoa's kicks mercilessly slammed into Jess' side as he fell to the floor and curled up.

It felt like my heart stopped every time I hit it. I was so terrified that I couldn't even remember where I was hit. Stimulation and non-stimulation were all that could be felt.

“A worm-like child. That's right, do you feel good? huh? You'll feel good. So be more correct.”

Ji's friends were kneeling in the corner of the warehouse. 

My eyes were swollen from crying, but the tears showed no signs of stopping.

“Please forgive me! We'll go out and earn it! I really want to die like this!”

"Oh yeah? Then, will you be right from now on?”

My friends' bodies stiffened. Falcoa's face, with her eyes wide open, looked like a demon.

If you put your mind to it, you could kill Jiss as much as you like. But Falcoa didn't purposely punch him in the face. That fact made me even more afraid.

Falcoa grabbed Jess by the hair and lifted it with all his might. Jess jumped to his feet even when his strength was exhausted.

He wasn't hit in the head, but his eyes were open. It felt like my brain was paralyzed just by the mental shock.

“Sah, save me. sorry… … .”

“Are you sick? it hurts? say it. it hurts? it hurts?"

Falcoa slapped Jess on the cheek. Even though it was not a particularly powerful attack, Jis convulsed every time he was hit.

Friends burst into tears again. 

'Oh, you crazy child. I'm going to catch a real person like this.'

Falcoa kicked Jess to the ground. There was no particular reason. 

If I had to question it, it was because I felt that the medicinal effect of the loop I put in my mouth was diminishing?

“You said you gave back 5 gold because your pride was hurt? nice You're so handsome, Jess."

"sorry! I won't do that again!”

Jess was embarrassed. he wanted to fight But he was too scared. Pride was useless in the face of Falcoa's madness. I felt like I could do anything if I could get out of here.

---------------------------------------