ugly (3)

Jincheon's 200,000 elite troops glared at the Gustav Empire, which stood across the huge border.

'I can't believe this is really possible.'

The two empires connected through the spatial distortion of the light celestiality could be said to be the height of magic.

'Princess... …

Rumors spread to the Jincheon army.

Everyone knew that Seong-eum sacrificed himself to create the present opportunity.

'I'm not afraid of death either.'

The reason the demons can fight without sparing themselves is because they are reborn in the fire of hell.

But now it was blocked by the voice.

And her sacrifice beyond death raised the morale of the Jincheon army to the realm of the demons.

Lian did not belong to any unit and stayed by Sirone's side.

'It will be a battle that will mark a stroke in history.'

This is because from now on, the number of all demons to be killed will be fixed as objective power.

'But Sirone?????

Lian looked at Sirone, who was glaring at Gustav with murderous eyes.

'Are you really going to be okay?'

The person Rian is looking at now is not Yahweh who saves the world, but a sorcerer with a vengeful spirit.

His anger was cold like a wizard, but he couldn't be 100% rational.

"let's go."

Before Jincheon's general, Oh Ryongjang, could give orders, Sirone crossed the border alone.

One step to jump over the whole huge sea.

Lian followed after Sirone, who cast teleportation and stretched out coolly.

“Whoa! Whoa!”

The appearance of rushing with the law of Maha was the same speed as flying in the sky.

Oh Ryongjang, who watched the two disappear in an instant, gave instructions to the troops.

“All troops sortie!”

With a huge shout, an army of 200,000 invaded the Gustav Empire.

“Sirone! too fast!"

Rian, who caught up with the speed matching the connection of teleportation, turned to Sirone and shouted.

"damn!"

He didn't expect an answer, but the moment he saw Sirone's expression, Lian was convinced.

'It's not Sirone.'

To be precise, it was as if two sirones with two different personalities were overlapping each other.

Yahweh who practices love for all things.

What a human being had to accept to contain that impossible state was anger that knew no bounds.

'Schizophrenia.'

It may not be a pathological symptom, but Yahweh cannot be lost unless the one mind splits into two.

'see.'

From the point where Gustav's imperial castle, Marsak, was left 100 kilometers away, the demon tribe's army was spread out.

The demon scout who discovered Sirone and Lian fell to the unit in a parabolic arc.

And after a while, the demon army began to spread like a huge ice cube boiling in one second.

4 I...

Another voice of her own was heard in Sirone's head, who had her eyes on the enemies.

'I wanted to become a wizard.'

think you worked hard

'Because it was something I liked and I was happy.'

Of course, I had the thought that I would succeed as a wizard and make money, and I didn't want to make my family suffer any more.

'I'm a human too.'

But I knew what was really important.

'Purity.'

magic itself.

Other than the thought of wanting to be the best at what I love, I had no desires.

'But when I came out to the world... … Rather than being good at magic, just breathing and living was the most difficult.

Things to be responsible for, things to handle.

A lot of cards to choose from, but none of them can be discarded.

'The only thing I can throw away is.'

I was myself.

'No matter how hard it is.'

Seriously, out of all the cards I had, I was the only one I could discard.

'I just need to be patient.'

Responsibilities are endlessly piled on my shoulders, and the things I have to handle grow like a mountain... … .

'I came to my senses at some point.' It means that I am carrying all mankind.

“Sirone! Get ready!”

When the demons reached 100 meters in front, Lian shouted, but Shirone did not respond.

“Sirone!”

Casting teleportation, he was only moving forward.

'I hope no one is having a hard time.' Of course, the world is full of people I hate, but I want them to be happy too.

I'm serious.

'I wonder where the bomb rotation started.'

Why couldn't I beat you?

To be honest, deep down in my heart, I think I desperately wanted it.

'If this is the case, I'd rather end it all.' let's blow it up

'There is nothing to be ashamed of. Stop when the world closes If everything disappears, nothing is difficult. Yes, it ends here.' it's over

“Sirone!”

At the same time as Rian shouted, Shirone's face crumpled terribly.

“Aaaaaaa!”

The sphere of light that floated in his right hand vibrated terribly and emitted white light.

"die! human!"

The face of the demons aiming at the spear and flying into it was invisible to Sirone's eyes.

Just a feeling, a certain feeling.

“Aaaaaaaaaa!”

I want to destroy it right now, it's terrible

Hateful feeling.

'Purity?'

The original intention of philanthropy has disappeared somewhere.

'It's like being in the middle of the universe.'

The planet I came from looks as small as a star, so I doubt that it is really my starting point.

'Because I even lost my direction.'

All I have left is the weak inertia of the first step I would have taken from where I started.

'I can't do anything.'

You can only hope that inertia will take you safely to your destination.

outside.

The moment a flash of light hit the demon, an explosion occurred that blew away a radius of several tens of meters.

"this… …

Receiving the shock wave, Lian stopped walking and hurriedly raised her arms to cover her face.

"explosion?"

Photon Cannons are not bombs.

'It's like it fell in the middle of the sea.'

If I don't push the water out, I'll drown, but there's no one to help me.

'You know what's really scary?' that you are alone

The fact that no one was there was so obvious that there was not even a voice asking for help.

'If you know there's no one... … Even the expression doesn't change.

Neither the frightened face nor the screams are meaningless.

Just struggling quietly in the silence.

The pupils are dilated, the face is frozen, but the mind is strangely clear.

'Struggling to try something... …

it was Yahweh

Balls of fire rose from all directions, as if space were melting.

“Kuaaaaa!”

Hundreds of photon cannons per second.

However, the difference from before was that the photon cannon's flash caused an explosion before reaching the target.

' light'?'

In the magical world, there is no way to distinguish the speed of light, which is divided into four categories, with human eyes.

However, Rian felt that Sirone's photon cannon was closer to the light than before.

“Aaaaaaa!”

Every time the shouts erupted from the weak wizard's body, the demons were burning up.

Another photon cannon floated in Sirone's hand.

'die!'

The speed at which a flash of light with mass extends beyond quasi-light speed and reaches sub-light speed.

'die!'

Compared to the speed of the photon cannon, the particles in the atmosphere were as if they were still.

Aaaaaang!

There were no demons standing still in the place where the entire area melted due to the high fever.

Realizing how dangerous the sub-light photon cannon was, Lian gritted his teeth.

'It's not magic that you cast while assuming a target.'

If it was literally a way to hit the entire space, even the civilians in the imperial castle could not be an exception.

'damn!'

Lian left Shirone killing the demons and flew to Gustav's imperial castle.

'Sirone, will you really regret it?' If you're not going to live mad forever, shouldn't you avoid the worst kind of life-threatening situation?

'I don't regret it.'

Even though he ruthlessly trampled on the endlessly invading demon army, his heart did not waver.

'I will end this war.'

Everything is in a mess, and now I can't guess the location even with my five senses.

'I'm feeling it.'

As much as the emotion of the moment he took the first step, it was still shining deep in his heart.

'I'm going back.'

When this terrible war is over, you will be able to return to the place of your innocence.

“Ataraxia.”

Hexagonal.

After passing through the colorful magic circle, Shirone's mental power expanded as if it would explode.

Recalling the number of demons perishing per unit area, Sirone felt thrilled.

'Asmodians are decreasing.'

kill and die

The fact that it can no longer be replenished is the core hope that Sacred Sound has brought to this world.

“Huh...

Sirone's face cries when he recalls the voice

turned into a prize

"what's this."

Does this sound come back?

“What is this? Aaaaaa!”

The moment when the width of the light that spread out with a rage broke through 200 meters in diameter.

Woooooooooooooooooooooooooh!

An explosion occurred in a radius of several kilometers.

Imperial Marsak.

“Commander! 200,000 troops of the Jincheon Empire are running towards the capital!”

"what?"

August Guy, the first commander of Gustav and Lian's older brother, wrinkled his brow.

“What nonsense are you talking about? The army of hell is occupying the sea of ​​Jincheon, but how... …

Gai stopped talking and was lost in thought.

'It is meaningless to investigate the cause of what has already happened.'

He immediately changed his expression and took the report brought by the messenger and read it.

“Is it spatial manipulation?”

But how?

Although he was not well versed in magic, he had never heard of a wizard who manipulated space to the extent that the sea collapsed.

'Genuine sound.'

If possible, there would be only her.

“How long does it take to get to the capital?”

“If you mobilize all the forces of hell, you can keep them locked up for at least 3 days.”

The Hell's army in Gustav's capital reached 50% of the total force.

Above all, it was a great strength that there were a large number of corps commanders who could open the Pandemonium.

"good. I will send a telegram to His Majesty. Fight all-out war until the general military orders come down.”

“Urgent! It's urgent!”

A second herald rushed in.

“A man presumed to be a wizard is approaching while annihilating the troops of the demon tribe before the Jincheon army.”

"Wizard? How many are there?”

"that… … According to reports, there is only one.”

Guy's eyes lit up.

'It's that guy.'

Yahweh.

If it was the army of the Jincheon Empire, they would have to come up with countermeasures with the army commanders since Yahweh came.

“Okay, now… … Just as Guy was about to turn around, a third messenger came in.

“Report! One swordsman is approaching the imperial castle, surpassing the demon army.”

“Are you a prosecutor this time?”

“It's not hitting too hard yet, but it has the fastest approach. At this rate, we will arrive in an hour.”

It was clear that he was not an ordinary person just by jumping over the army of hell.

“Hoo? who?"

"that is??????

The messenger sent over what was written in the report.

You paused for a moment.

“Knight of Mach.”

Guy's eyebrows twitched.

“This is a man named Ogent Lian.” Gai's expression did not change even after the report had fallen.

“Hmm.”

After wandering around the civil war, lost in thought for a while, he stopped and looked up.

“Here you come, my brother.”

Gai's eyes, which had been shimmering with madness, were filled with friendly feelings for a moment.