Participation in the war (3)

The elite soldiers of the 7th Corps of Hell's Army were guarding the entrance to Aganos, the imperial castle.

“Kill him.”

Gando, who was already seriously injured, stared at the enemies while lying on the wall.

“Kill?”

Vulcan walked through the demons.

“Do you see such an honor in you?”

Although the throne was inherited, there would be no one in Kashan who considered Gando as emperor.

'Until we catch Uorin, we must keep him alive.'

“Damn it… …

Realizing the miserable reality, Gando leaned against the wall and looked up at the sky.

'mother.'

It was strange how she didn't hold grudges even in the face of death.

'That is the emperor.'

A person who is born with the same life and enjoys everything that others cannot have, but takes it for granted.

'I'll never be able to do that.'

Did Uorin escape safely?

'Smodo went. It's only a matter of time before we pursue them.'

Poongjang and Kido followed, but Amon and the demons had a different temperament from the other corps commanders.

'It's not just strong. something strange... …

Before Jiando could think, a strange noise came from the outer wall of the capital.

Aaaaang!

The elite soldiers of the Asmodians trembled involuntarily at the echo that echoed through the sky.

"what?"

Vulcan looked back.

Although it is not yet visible, the seriousness of the crowd deception was able to be seen.

“Sick. What the hell is this?”

Crowd flag is a huge flow that reads each will on the battlefield in an integrated manner.

And the current that the Balkans are seeing was a form that could only be seen in the event of a natural disaster.

'Did a volcano explode?'

Even so, it was impossible for the crowd of demons to be so frightened.

'It's not a disaster. It's a feeling.'

anger.

Huge emotions were approaching, swallowing up the demons' speculation like a tsunami.

“Leave only the escorts and deploy all of them. Whatever it is, never let it come this far.”

excellent judgment.

Being able to read the flow of the battlefield has such a powerful advantage.

But after a while, Vulcan realized the illusion.

'It transcended the realm of emotion.'

As the image of the crowd was realized, Balkan's head gradually rose to the sky.

'Is this enough? No, it's bigger.' The shape of the monster cannot be captured even with the sky as the background.

'More thorough.'

It was armed with a strong will that could not be broken by anything.

the adjutant shouted.

“Soldier! excuse me!"

When Vulcan hurriedly lowered his head, the reality of the huge illusion came into his eyes.

A sprinkler equipped with the <Law Kill> as an engine was running towards this place with Sirone on his back.

The black thorns were stretched out like spears, and the demons burst out at the same time as the collision.

'Can you stop it?'

Looking back later, a pitiful question that would make you blush came to Balkan's head.

"Shit!"

If they had been able to stop it in the first place, such an abnormal crowd would not have been read.

Sirone shouted at the castle.

“Havitz-!”

As Elysion's spirit cast multiple beams, a curtain of light overlapped in all directions.

“Keuek! Kkeke!”

The bones of the demons were randomly twisted and turned into chunks of meat like crumpled paper.

'I can't stop that.'

Vulcan shouted while riding on the beast's back.

“I will go to His Majesty! Guide me!”

The demon with wings set out to find Havitz, and Vulcan kicked the demon's side with his foot.

"run! I do not have time!"

My stomach groaned as if I was about to vomit.

'Let's stay calm. Habits don't die.' No matter how many dice are rolled, no matter how much arrows rain down, no matter how powerful the enemy is in your way.

'The death itself doesn't happen!'

Then, what is the terrifying mob still chasing the Balkans?

Aaaaang!

When I turned my head to the monster's hallucinations, darkness as sharp as an awl encroached on my surroundings.

'The law.'

Power went into Balkan's eyes.

'The law is changing.'

Yahweh is also useless without Buddha?

'I came in after eating Buddha! this is my way... … !'

This is dangerous.

'Is it the so-called whirlwind? They must not like what we're doing.'

The law of the world and the chaos of Habitz were in a power struggle over one future.

'I can't tell. I can't guarantee this.'

The Witchbeast who burned the Vulcan moved his feet even faster.

“Kiddo!”

Amon's blow knocked Kido against the wall with a bang.

“Huh.”

I struggled to stand up, but my legs trembled because the shock had pierced my body.

"are you okay. I can still hold on.” It was a lie.

'Really strong. It's impossible for me alone. The 80 remaining Fungzhangs were currently traveling around the capital looking for an escape route.

'I have to buy time.'

“That’s strange.”

said Amon, slung the sword over his shoulder.

“I’ve killed a lot of guys who look like you. Did you say goblin? They had a lot more guts than humans.” “But you must hate humans? No, was it food? But why do you protect humans?”

Why?

I came to Kashan after receiving Uorin's offer, but there was no reason to stay aboard the sinking shipwreck.

'Why am I fighting for this woman?'

Humans are food for goblins.

No matter what kind of clothes or ornaments they were decorated with, it was just a wrapping paper that wrapped the meat in the end.

'It's like the height of pretense.'

To Kido, who is all about feeding and breeding, Urin's life is absurdly splendid and splendid... … .

'Do you know what he can be? You know what to eat and pack! How is it different from other animals?'

It was so beautiful.

'I dare to put a dog collar on the goblin king.'

Occasionally, when she was bored, Uorin would play with a rope around Kido's neck.

- Kido, look at meongmeong, meongmeong.

Actually, it wasn't too bad.

'That's just what being human is, well. I was dumbfounded so I stayed quiet. what fun is that... …

Kido smiled bitterly when he remembered Uorin crawling on his stomach.

'Damn it.'

Guess I'll have to die here.

“Kiyi!”

As Kido rolled on the floor and invoked the incarnation art, an illusion unfolded in which the ground swayed like a swamp.

'After tying it up with the Earth Binding Command... … !'

With Amon's legs stuck to the ground, Kido thrust the spear straight ahead.

'It stabs the heart!'

As Amon grabbed the blade, the iron glove clicked and sparks flew.

“Do you still have strength left? Give up. You cannot surpass me with your skills.”

The corners of Kidou's mouth went up.

“Is it really so?”

Incarnation - mastery of sources.

The spearhead, which he had been firmly holding on to, began to advance little by little, ignoring his physical strength.

"This??????

“Nothing to touch.”

The blade's atoms sliced ​​through Amon's atoms until they finally reached the pit of the stomach.

“Keuuugh!”

Amon's face crumpled in embarrassment.

'Caught.'

The moment he pierced through Amon's armor with confidence, a terrifying feeling swept over Kido.

'what?'

An indescribably twisted demonic energy was being transmitted through the window.

“Kuaaa!”

Amon, who broke the siege and threw himself, thrust his sword into Kido's abdomen.

“Ouch!”

Following the escaping sword, Kido, who shook his shoulders, grabbed his stomach and knelt down.

“It’s quite the way. To hurt my demonic body directly. I'm sure it's more than enough for a division commander.”

Kido, who fell face down on the ground, scratched the floor with his fingernails in excruciating pain.

'Damn it!'

Even Kido collapsed, and the blood drained from Uorin's face.

“Is it over now?”

Habitz moved on nonchalantly.

“Is this the first time since we met in the temple? I was indebted to before. It came almost to the top of my neck, but it was a pity.”

He knew that the black man who tried to kill Havitsu using <Law Kill> was Uorin.

And as a result, he became Satan at the cost of the person he loved most.

'Habits. villainy. chaos.'

Uorin's shoulders trembled as she felt the demonic energy emanating from Havitz.

It felt like being eaten by a giant snake.

“What do you think I will do to you? lets think. What do you think?”

'Everything you can do.'

But what really scared me was that whatever I could imagine would transcend it.

'I can't die like this.'

From the beginning of human history until now, it was a life that he endured only to meet Sirone.

Havits, who was looking at Uorin's resolute eyes after she had finished her resolution, searched for her arms.

“But now I wonder what that means.”

A look of bewilderment appeared on Woorin's face.

“So let’s make sense. Who is stronger between you and me?”

Harbitz took out two hexahedral dice and threw them at Uorin's feet.

The number on the die is 3 by adding 2 and 1.

“Roll it. If a number higher than me comes up, I die, and if a number comes out lower than me, you die.”

The odds were very favorable for Uorin, but her face went white as she looked down at the dice.

If you added 1 and 1 to get 2, you would definitely throw it.

'It's over.'

No matter what humiliation she suffered, as long as she had her life attached, she would be able to meet Sirone.

'I don't even care about human pleasure anymore. I can't be satisfied with that.'

What Havitz wanted from Wu-Lin wasn't just physical pain.

'I can't win.'

Even if you don't roll the dice, you can already see through the future what side will come out

was going

“Roll it. Before I just kill them.”

As Uorin's face showed a look of despair, Kido gritting his teeth and stood up.

“Don’t talk nonsense.”

“Your height?… ”

“I can still hold on. If you wait until the wind blows... … Gagging!”

A bowl of blood poured from Kido's mouth.

Havitz, who confirmed that all he had to do was wait for death, pulled out his knife and said,

“This is your last chance.”

Uorin slowly bent down and held out her hand toward the dice.

'The moment I roll this dice... … i die

For no will can change the chaos outside the law.

'The only way... …

To follow the will of chaos.

Uorin stopped moving and knelt on the ground.

"Help me."

Kido opened his eyes wide at the unexpected situation.

"you… …

“I was wrong. Please forgive me for being rude so far.”

Kidou's face twisted.

'What are you doing? Why are you begging for your life from that bastard? Aren't you the most noble woman in the world?

Harvits asked.

"why?"

Uorin raised her head.

“I have someone I love. I would like to meet that person. Please have mercy......

"stand up!"

Kido vomited blood and shouted.

“I mean stand up! I will never let you die! I said I'd protect you somehow!” Sumodo said.

“It's great to let go of your pride, but that doesn't change anything. No matter how much I beg... …

Harvits stopped talking.

“Love?”

" your majesty."

Uorin looked up into Harbitz's eyes.

'Cold and scary pupils of chaos.'

Translated into human emotions, absolute solitude was nailed to his pupils.