depression (1)

The army of hell split in two in the city, which could be called the heart of Kashan.

Natasha and Zeta command the 40 million troops headed for the Central Continent where the Crusade is located.

And the remaining 10 million charged towards the capital of Kashan according to the instructions of the Balkans.

A grand party was held in Aganos, the imperial castle of Kashan, ahead of the war on which the fate of the empire depended.

All the nobles of Kashan gathered in the grand hall where the musicians could hear exciting performances.

'They had a party in such a situation, their expressions were all dark, and their hearts became even more heavy at the news of the sad news coming in through the secretary.

“Is this a human party?”

Looking at the long table with so many delicacies that it was hard to find a place to look, Kido swallowed.

“Where shall we begin?”

He chewed and swallowed anything he could eat, and he had no particular favorite food.

The nobles frowned as they walked from end to end of the table and crammed in waguwagu food.

“What is that goblin?”

"They say it's the pet of the Empress."

"Pets? By the way, are you wearing a weapon?”

Kido's spear was very irritating because it was forbidden to summon weapons except for the Royal Guard.

“Fuck!”

As he burped, the noble women covered their noses and scattered in all directions.

“Even if you die when you die, you have to eat and die.”

Even for Kido, today's banquet was definitely unusual.

I am not interested in politics, but according to the rumors I heard, there was an analysis that Kashan would be destroyed within the next seven days.

'Is it like the Last Supper?'

After following Uorin to the imperial castle, she saw with her own eyes how much the empress of the empire had.

It was only natural that he would lose his mind, since all of that was on the verge of disappearing.

“The Empress is entering!” At the cry of the guards, all the nobles stopped what they were doing and turned toward the door.

The door opened slowly, and Uorin in a black dress entered with a bright expression.

Her face, adorned with diamonds and pearls, was so beautiful that the nobles were bewildered.

"wow?… ”

Even the goblin Kido, whose aesthetic sense was inferior to that of humans, didn't think of anything at this moment.

' beautiful.'

It was the first time I was obsessed with the form of life.

“Good night, gentlemen.”

Everyone paid attention to Wu Lin's words.

“You are probably curious. That’s why we hold a grand party now, when the war is in full swing.”

Kido looked at Gando next to Uorin, but couldn't read his thoughts from his expression.

“To put it bluntly, the war situation is not good. And maybe... … We may lose the war.”

It felt like something I had eaten.

“But don’t worry.”

Uorin gave a beautiful eye smile.

“Kashan never collapses. I will use all means to protect the empire, and I will continue to build a strong history forever.

all."

Since it was the name of Theraje, which had never failed since Kashan was established, it was believed.

“Enjoy it. Enjoy. It shows the world that we are not afraid.”

The nobles shouted in unison.

“Long live Her Majesty! Long live Her Majesty!”

The musicians quickly resumed playing, and Uorin approached, making eye contact with the nobles one by one.

"how is it? Is the party fun?”

“… … What are you thinking?”

Motivation is important

In Mankido's opinion, this war was somehow impossible.

"well. What do you think?”

Kido frowned as he remembered the only way Kashan would not be destroyed.

“Could you… …

Uorin held out her hand.

“Shall we dance?”

Kido, who was looking at the small and dainty hand, turned his head and snorted.

“Hong, what is the goblin dance... …

"Come on."

When Uorin pulled Kido by the wrist and forcibly entered the ball, the nobles looked shocked.

“Are you going to dance with your pet?”

The only people who knew Kido's identity were Gando and Pungjang.

I wondered if the empress had gone mad, but whoever she was with could not tarnish Uorin's beauty.

“I don’t know how.”

Uorin laughed and took the lead at Kido's voice.

"easy. Follow me around like this.”

Kido, who had been concentrating on the dance for a while, secretly raised his eyes and looked at Urin.

“Are you afraid of dying?” Wu Lin smiled sadly.

“If the armies of Hell occupy Kashan, Havits will be the first to find me.”

Even Theraje's bloodline, Uorin, couldn't imagine what kind of disaster he would bring.

“Even if death is the end of my eternal life, I can accept it. But there are still reasons to live.”

“Sirone?”

Uorin didn't answer this time either.

“I don't mean to hand over Kashan for free. I will have to negotiate Even if that is Theraze's downfall, Kashan will not disappear.”

“You can fight.”

Kido found himself feeling sorry for himself.

"I will protect you. No one will touch you, so don't be afraid and fight.”

Wu Lin shook her head.

“I can't win. It has to be Sirone. But Sirone will not fight for Kashan.”

'It has to be Sirone.'

As I savored Uorin's words, a part of my heart ached.

Tormia Kingdom Magic Association.

Rufist, the president of the association, put the documents that had arrived urgently on the desk and rubbed his temples.

'The holy war will not be able to block it.' The news was that the army of hell was suddenly making a detour and descending toward the Central Continent.

'I can't penetrate even Tormia.' He was thinking about that when he heard a knock outside.

“President of the association, we have brought a candidate for the next chief of staff.”

After Jane's death, the post of chief secretary had been vacant, but now that war broke out, he needed someone to assist him.

“Ask me to come in.”

The door opened, and a woman with blue hair that reached her waist entered.

It was Ravid Fleur, a certified 6th-class wizard.

"hello. This is Flu, the captain of the 3rd floor guard.”

Everything about the flu had already been confirmed through his profile.

It was not unreasonable to appoint a person with excellent judgment as well as magic skills as the chief of staff.

Just one thing to point out

thing.

"You've heard that Gaold is active, right?"

“Yes, I heard.”

The point was that she was Gaold's bodyguard who once fought against Heaven together with Gaold.

“Association and Zion, what is your priority?”

Flew thought for a moment.

Even that attitude would work against a quick promotion, but she had no qualms.

“I still respect Mr. Garold.”

Rufist's expression did not change.

“But, as always, what is important to me is the well-being of the Kingdom of Tormia. There is no room for personal feelings.”

'Looks like it.'

Rufist thought of Jane, who had passed away first.

If possible, he wanted to leave the position of chief secretary vacant while he served as the president of the association.

'There is no woman as competent as you.' The image that the world is heading towards destruction

It was a name that Hwang missed even more.

“How about a bed?”

Flew blinked briefly at the sudden question, then raised his glasses and said.

“Well, I haven’t heard anything particularly bad about it.”

Rufist laughed.

'Yes, anyway we are all... …

It is an accessory of the kingdom.

"Follow me. I have somewhere to go.”

Since the sun had already set, Flu asked with a puzzled expression.

“Where are you going?”

Rufist spoke briefly.

"flower garden."

Earth Temple.

“Are you okay?”

Due to Gaold's shock wave from the south, Taeseong was not able to come to his senses for a while.

Taeseong, the incarnation of a star.

Receiving power that exceeded the durability of the planet was the same as being directly hit by magic.

"it's okay."

Taeseong raised his hand to calm the stars.

“Currently, the South is relying on a team of only three people led by Gaold. As you can see, the power of the apostate is great, but they alone can't block all areas.” As the screen in front changed, Habitz's army was reflected again.

“Gaia's ability can see most things happening on the planet. This will definitely help in war. But before that, there are things we need to make sure.”

Taeseong finally got to the point.

“Everyone, do you agree with erasing the existence of demons from this world?” No answer came immediately.

“Asmodians are beings created by human emotions.”

Amanta, the Five Star of the Balance Department, said.

“It means that there is no reason to separate humans and demons. To add a little leap, eliminating demons is the same as eliminating humans.” said Minerva.

“But if we leave it as it is, demons will take over the world. The first thing we need to think about is the war against the demons. By mobilizing all the capabilities of the ivory tower... …

“Cheuk, bullshit.”

Minerva turned her head at the high-pitched voice.

A man in golden iron armor sat with his arms crossed.

It was Siegmund Fried, the fifth star of the System Inspection Department.

The armor that he is wearing as he has the nickname of the King of Greed is also the only armor set of the five masters in the world.

It was a state-of-the-art equipment in the magic world that exhibited a staggering 65% anti-magic.

"dog sound?"

Life welled up in Minerva's eyes.

“That’s right. No matter how evil Havitz is, does it compare to Minerva in her prime?”

It was the most painful part of Minerva.

“What does the young man say he knows about me? do you want to die?"

“I know one thing for sure. When you stick to Yahweh and shake your ass

reason."

Fried pointed at Sirone and laughed.

“Because only that kid can save you. You want to be forgiven, don't you? So what did you give in return? huh? tell me, baby Was it hot as rumored?”

As Minerva grabbed Jet, Sirone sighed softly.

"ha."

He slowly raised his head and spat out.

"it's annoying."

There was a coldness that made other stars freeze with just that one word.

'The author is Oh Dae-seong of the Integrated Space Management Department.' I had heard that he had risen to the level of Yahweh, but it was a little different from what I had imagined.

'What is this uneasy feeling?'

Like a time bomb about to explode at any moment, my stomach rumbled.

However, like the five great stars, Fried did not waver.

“Cheuk, the symbol of fraternity is rough-mouthed. What do you do when you're annoyed? Even if we stick together here... …

Before he could finish his words, Sirone jumped up and threw the Photon Cannon.

“Huh!”

After kicking off the floor, Fried stepped back, but was overtaken by teleportation in an instant.

'Are you really going to try it?'

Among the stars of the ivory tower, he was the only one who could handle sword and magic at the same time, but his speed was unresponsive.

'Let's see... … !'

As the effect of the armor set of the Five Masters appeared, the Photon Cannon moved away from it at a considerable distance.

'This is what happens!'

At the same time, Sirone, who arrived at a close distance, fired the Photon Cannon again.

As the sphere of light vibrated through 65% of the anti-magic, Fried's eyes widened.

'how?'

It is unavoidable at this distance.

As soon as the thought was over, the photon cannon was thrust straight into Freed's stomach.

“Keuuugh!”

The shock disappeared like a lie the moment the abdominal muscles were torn apart.

"uh?"

When Fried looked around, all the stars were in the same motion.

'I skipped the time.' As if nothing had happened, Sirone was just staring at Freed from where he was.