apostasy (4)

After entering the cabin, Lian simply packed up and prepared to leave.

“What are you guys going to do?”

Now, the Jive soldiers have retreated, but after Lian leaves, even the hunters cannot guarantee their lives.

“There are no vampires anymore.”

Even though not one Lord had awakened from hibernation yet, Xenia was confident that she would not be taken away.

“I will gather hunters and organize a death squad.

going to be. I will not leave a single vampire in this world.”

When that happened, Xenia and the Hunters would finally be able to live in this world.

“Yes, be careful.”

“You are. It's not just Jive that's targeting you. Maybe we have to fight against the whole world.”

Ryan smiled confidently.

"doesn't care. It's something you've been waiting for.”

Since he had already seen his inaction before his eyes, further words would be nagging.

“Lian??????

I was sure that each of us would go our separate ways, but we would never see each other again.

“How about going together?”

Xenia mustered up the courage to speak up.

“Come with us. The captain of Xinjiang said that there would be a big war in the future. Why don't we join forces and fight together?”

Lian shook her head.

“I have a place to go.”

Xenia remembered what Lian had said the other day.

“Who do you really want to protect? You said that person is much stronger than you.”

"of course. But now I can be your strength. and… …

Lian looked back at the sunset.

“It’s going to be very difficult right now.”

Unlike Lian, who was able to throw everything in order to become stronger, Sirone has to protect many things.

Now was the time to share the hardships as Sirone's sword.

“The descendants of Jin Horses have disappeared, but there are still countless horses in the world.”

Rian said, putting her shoulder on the shoulder.

“Let’s meet on the battlefield.”

At the words with many meanings, Xenia smiled and punched him in the chest.

“Don’t break too much.”

It is unpredictable, but Lian nodded and left the Hunters' hideout.

'I was going to go back to my hometown... … The place where the strongest swordsman was heading was the Ivory Tower.

heaven.

After the war that resulted in the sacrifice of countless angels, the appearance of Anke was hidden.

It was Archangel Ichael who had been entrusted with full powers, but she had been silent for a very long time.

Then one day, Nane's voice reached me.

- Permit the apostasy of all beings.

Angels, maras, fairies, giants, and immortals all knew how it would affect Heaven.

And now, for the first time since the end of the war, the meeting of the archangels, the White Watch, was held.

The archangels gathered in the pure white space were Ichael and Uriel, Satiel and Rayel.

“It was cut in half exactly.”

The archangels tightly shut their mouths at Uriel's words.

The concept of the eight sources that sustain this world.

But now each of them has lost his exact counterpart.

Amplification lost extinction, destruction lost birth, disintegration lost union, and light let go of gravity.

Rayel, the archangel of light, asked.

“In order for the archangel to be resurrected, Ankera's ability is absolutely necessary. But now it is not called. Why did you summon half a hundred whales?” “Ymir broke the ice barrier.” At Ikael's words, the heavenly body of the angels stiffened.

"special… … Didn't I say that the law works?”

As far as Satiel knew, Niflheim's icy sea was a world of absolute immobility where even the soul was frozen.

“It wasn't a place to confine Ymir anyway. The reason he was quiet was not because of Anchera.”

said Uriel.

“Because it doesn’t make any sense.”

If there is no target enough to destroy itself, Ymir doesn't have to do anything either.

Rayel looked back at Uriel.

“Then, now, do you mean that you have a meaning?”

“Something is happening. Somewhere other than heaven.”

Ikael was the only one who could answer, but she just kept her mouth shut.

"so… …

After a while, the moment Satiel opened his mouth, the space of the white whale began to vibrate.

"what?"

The asteroids of the archangels expanded into halos, and their sharp eyes scanned the surroundings.

“You’re here.”

Only Ikael was calm, but her eyes were cold, unlike usual.

As the vibration intensified, two hands burst into Baek Kyung's space.

Satiel jumped up.

“Who are you!”

Baekkyung is a place that was born from the gathering of the purest minds that only archangels possess.

No impurity could break through and enter the spirit.

“Big!”

As the clumsy hands opened the space between the white mirrors, the angelic bodies of light swayed from side to side.

“Who is that?”

The voice finally came in, and at that point everyone realized.

“Me right away.”

Ymir, the king of giants, pushed himself inside, tearing open the white watch.

“Huh!”

The wall healed in an instant, but the infiltration of a foreign substance called Ymir was extremely unpleasant to the angel.

“Are you crazy, Ymir?”

The reason why it can physically impact the spirit of an angel is that Ymir is a Gaian bond.

To him, power was pure energy itself beyond the brute force of living things.

“I knew you would be here.”

Ignoring Uriel's provocation, Ymir turned to Ikael.

“No matter how many times I call, there is no answer.” Finally, Ikael's lips opened.

“Why did you ask to see me?”

"War."

Ymir approached Ikael.

“Let me go. Can you do it?”

The man-made organization called Zion was still defending against the invasion of Heaven.

Of course, the one with the strongest defense was Adrias Miro, who guarded Miro's time and space.

"Don't be cocky, Ymir." Ymir's eyebrows twitched.

“I know what you are thinking. But it is unacceptable to start a war for your personal reasons.”

“For personal reasons.”

Ymir put his hand on Ikael's shoulder.

Three angels rose at the same time and tried to kill him, but Ymir's words came first.

“Isn’t that the same for you?”

Satiel was the first to dispel his hostility, and the other two archangels also turned to Ikael.

“Ankera’s Akashic Records passed to Nane. Then Heaven must find me as soon as possible. Still, you can't decide.”

Ikael couldn't resist.

'Sirone.'

A child with the will of a Guffin.

“I know roughly through Suoi. Ikael, you... … Did you get your memory back?”

Anke Ra erased Ichael's sins, but restored all his memories with great amplification.

“That's why I can't go. well, that's good But there is one thing I want to hear. Why did you give birth to a human child?”

With the three archangels taking their seats again, Ikael was obliged to answer.

Satiel glared at Ikael with hostility.

'I also loved Guffin.'

I didn't know who Guffin was anymore, but the longing for him was still in my mind.

'But even so, having a child is unimaginable.' Angel concept.

As ideas themselves, there was no reason for them to have human children who were only shadows.

“First of all, Sirone is not my child.”

Ikael said as if proclaiming.

“The child is already dead. at birth. She was not even given a name.”

“But it wouldn’t be unrelated, would it?”

Ikael didn't say anything about it.

“The reason why Ankera banned apostasy… … Because no one should know the secrets of this world.”

“Are there any secrets we don’t know about?”

“So it's a secret. Even Ankera. It's something you shouldn't even approach.”

Ikael raised his index finger.

“We are concepts, and therefore we exist forever. On the other hand, humans are material and mortal. Accordingly, they are subject to us, and are subject for eternal life.”

It was the law of heaven.

“But what if the other way around?”

"the opposite?"

“In fact, we were created by humans, and what if humans are the ones who have realized the secret of eternal life?”

The celestial body of the archangels shook.

“Maybe we just exist by human convenience. They are nothing more than accessories that support this world. If so, what happens?”

Baek Kyung's atmosphere became tense as if it would explode.

“We become mortal. When this world closes, it becomes nothing. Conversely... …

Ikael looked back at everyone and said.

“Humans are gods.”

Satiel jumped to her feet.

“What nonsense is that! Are those weak humans gods? It's human beings who struggle because they hate this world!”

"That's why it can be broken."

"ah??????

Satiel backed away.

“Apostasy is an exception to the rule. Some humans disregard certain rules of this world. And that would not be possible without the world outside.”

Ekael's face was filled with longing.

“This is the Guffin hypothesis.”

Satiel bit her lip.

“Guffin.”

"I don't know. As the archangel, I fought fiercely against the Guffin. But he listened to him and thought about it. If it's just a piece of information, why do we even exist?”

“So the child?”

"only… … I just wanted to continue.”

Like the Gaians who broke away from the photon world.

“But I couldn’t.”

The child died, and Ikael, who had committed the high treason of Anke, recovered all his powers.

Ikael, who had escaped from the flashback, informed everyone again with a solemn face.

“Ankera never allowed an apostasy. Even right before Heaven is destroyed.”

But now things have changed.

“Anke Ra asked Hexa. How can I not be a god? But Hexa's answer was different from what I expected. Even though he came from outside, he wants to protect this world.”

Maybe it's because it's from outside.

said Leil.

"That's why Ra chose me."

Nane is an existence trying to get out from the inside.

“At first I waited. Because we believed he would lead us out. But it was blocked by Hexa’s barrier.”

“There’s a lot of talk about what it is and what it is.”

Ymir said curtly.

“In the end, you have to go. Either destroy all humans or follow me outside.”

“There is Satan there.”

existence outside the law.

Satan, who was born from the flow of all human chaos, was the worst enemy of angels.

“But you allowed me to abort.” said Uriel.

"I'm not being taken care of like I used to be."

Ray El, who had been listening to the story until now, turned to Ikael and said.

“Now is the time to make a decision. If anyone except Nane succeeds in this world, there is no future for Heaven.”

Ikael knows that she has to go eventually, but the reason she is still conflicted is... … .

'Sirone.'

When he went to the office, he inevitably had to collide with Hexa.

While everyone was waiting for Ikael's judgment, she closed her eyes and was lost in thought.

“Form an army.” Heaven began to move.