[207] 3. Eternal Ra (4)

Ymir knew his time was over.

Indescribable resentment and anger were engraved in his eyes as he slowly turned his body.

If Ra is so, then it is.

But his intuition was saying something different to Ra. No, he was realizing the truth Ra was hiding.

'I'll have to check it with my own eyes.'

Ymir headed for Zebul, the city of angels.

@

Sirone entered Ikael's room and looked around.

It was different from what I had imagined. The scene of the room, with tables, chairs, beds and carpets, was no different from where humans live.

Still, I didn't think it was human.

The sun was shining on everything. As if isolated from the flow of time, not a single flaw was visible.

The feeling of seeing something completely flawless was truly bizarre.

It was a subtlety that could not be confirmed with the human eye. 

However, anyone present here will be able to feel the innocence close to perfection.

Sirone held up the teaspoon on the table and looked at his face.

As expected, it was frighteningly clean to be a human artifact. I wondered if this is what the holy things in the human world are like.

'what? Come to think of it… … .'

The most important Ichael was missing. Feofe said that it was clear that she couldn't go out.

Could it be that he deceived himself?

With a frightening thought, Sirone wandered around the room. Again no one All things are clean. It was perfection that bordered on horror.

Suddenly, a beautiful melody lingered in my ears. Sirone stopped and looked at the window five meters high.

A clear sound like a harp was starting there.

Angel's vibration.

As if possessed, he approached the window.

Sunlight from the window began to hit the form. When I woke up, a woman was sitting on the windowsill looking out.

It was a beautiful face that no painter could draw.

Sirone confirmed that an asteroid was floating above her head. It was a bright and warm feeling that was incomparable to the fallen angel Ikasawa.

As her figure was revealed, wings of light sprouted. The gigantic wings of light spread to Sirone's eyes.

“Welcome, Sirone.”

Sirone was convinced.

She was the Archangel Ichael.

The first causal entity. Among them, it is a symbol of nobility that God cherishes the most. Such an existence was in front of his eyes.

Ikael landed lightly on the floor. 

Being over two meters tall was daunting, but those physical features couldn't mask her warmth.

It was a strange feeling that cannot be described in words. Even calling her beautiful seemed to condemn her.

Is this what goodness looks like in form? If Jin was realized in the time and space of the maze, Ikael was good.

Ikael looked around where he was going to sit with a mischievous expression on his face that did not match his mature appearance.

However, I sat down on the seat as if it was nowhere to be found. 

Sirone looked at the sight of Ikael's skirt slowly sinking down in dismay. Then, Ikael, who was sitting with his calves pressed together, knocked on the floor and called for Sirone.

“Come, come this way.”

Sirone felt an irresistible temptation and clung to her.

They were so close that their skins touched each other.

Maybe she recommended the floor because she wanted to see it up close.

As expected, Ikael stuck his face in. The corner of her mouth went up as she stared at Sirone.

When Sirone lowered her eyes in embarrassment, she finally spoke.

“I wanted to meet you, Sirone.”

"yes? do you know me?”

Ikael scratched his eyebrows in embarrassment.

Her behavior was human-like. It was quite shocking to think that even the fallen angel Ikasa had reached the peak of arrogance.

“It doesn’t matter what you know or don’t know. How much you know matters. But you know, that's not something that can be explained in words, right?”

Sirone mustered up the courage to examine her face. As they sucked each other's eyes, a sense of unity sent electricity through their bodies.

Then he raised his head and looked at the asteroid. It was my first time seeing it up close.

It was a very strange sight to see the light floating above my head.

The thought of staring at it for too long made Sirone hurriedly come to his senses.

“Oh, sorry.”

Ikael shook his head as if he was okay.

“The Astral Body is the spirit of an angel. Humans enter the spirit zone through concentration, but the angelic zone is outside. This is called over spirit.”

Upon hearing the explanation, Sirone's Starlight looked different again. It was like maintaining the breakaway type of the four ways all the time. 

It is literally the spirit of an angel. 

it was all about her

As expected, Ikael added a comment, probably a little embarrassed.

“Originally, it was brighter than now. But because I made a mistake, Ra controlled the power of light.”

“What crime did you commit?”

As soon as the question was asked, Sirone hurriedly apologized.

“Oh, sorry. What am I doing... … .”

"are you okay. Even though I made a mistake, I still do not regret it.”

For some reason, Sirone found himself relieved. I don't know what he did wrong, but wouldn't it be shameful if the person concerned didn't regret it?

"excuse me… … .”

Sirone hesitated.

I know it's a ridiculous request. But when her thoughts went that way, she couldn't give up.

“Tell me. You can say anything.”

"only once… … .”

"yes?"

“Can I touch you just once?”

Ikael blinked, then burst out laughing as if he finally understood.

It was an unexpected request.

There is probably not a single person in all of heaven who wants to touch the luminous body of Archangel Ikael.

"is it so. touch it.”

“Hey, isn’t that rude? Just in case... … .”

Ikael shook his head as if he didn't mind.

Only then did Sirone feel relieved and stretch out her hand.

The asteroid that I directly touched was both light and energy. A pleasant sensation ran down the back of her hand.

“It’s warm.”

"That's because Sirone is a warm person."

"lol."

It was the first comfort I enjoyed after coming to heaven. She seemed to have no need to worry about her world if she was with her.

I wanted to be with her forever.

At that moment, Ikael's hand approached. Her stunned Sirone backed away, making excuses as she couldn't hide her bewildered expression.

"ah… … My hair is messy.”

“Haha, I ran hard. Actually, a lot happened.”

Sirone shuddered and brushed his hair. He was just surprised that his body would touch him in a state where his mind was not ready.

At that moment, Sirone's eyes widened. It felt like I had been hit in the head with his hammer.

How can I do this without going crazy?

I completely forgot that the most important thing was left.

“Oops! Amy!”

Sirone jumped up.

Do you think of your friends now? That said, meeting Ikael was impressive.

"help! Your friends have been captured! He said he would give birth to Nephilim with it, whether it be the wine of life.”

“Oops. It's a big deal.”

“They treat them like heretics or something like that, but they are absolutely not bad kids. No, even if it is, I can't understand why they're being held in this way.”

Ikael thought for a moment.

“Sirone, do you like your friends? Enough to risk your life?”

"yes! Sure!"

Ikael nodded as if that was enough.

"great. But Sirone, if you want to save your friends, there is a story you must hear.”

There seemed to be no story to be heard in the current situation.

However, since it was the words of Archangel Ikael, it was difficult to refuse. Above all, the words 'if you want to rescue your friends' were decisive.

“Is this what I need to hear? what is that?"

“About Heaven. And about a woman named Miro.”

Sirone was startled. Because she didn't know her name would come out of Ichael's mouth.

Adrias Miro.

When I first came to heaven, I thought she was just one of many unlockers. 

But the more I got to know her, the more I realized that she had a deep connection with heaven.

I wanted to know what kind of person she was.

“Do you know the maze?”

"yes. I've met you. i like her Of course she will hate me.”

Sirone was shocked. He said that Ikael and Miro had met. Especially she didn't understand that Miro hated Ichael. From his experience, Ikael was a good angel.

“It won't take long. So could you please let me brush Sirone's hair for a moment?"

Ikael's asteroid spread in the form of a ring. 

As the intense light rotated through the ring, a comb made of light was born in her hand.

Photon shaping. 

It was also an instant creation of a tool as delicate as light.

No matter how strong an angel's mental power is, the characteristics of light do not change. 

It was a tool that could only be created through a complex battery that was incomparable to the Shining Chain.

Sirone realized that all the answers were in the Astral Body.

It was also the moment when Ikasa felt an unapproachable aura, and the star light spread in the form of a ring.

“How did you shape the photon? Does it have anything to do with the Astral Body changing?”

“The halo can process a lot of information quickly. Call it Halo. For example, it's like the magic circle that humans use. The halo spins at the speed of light, assembling countless concepts.”

Ikael cited the magic circle as an example, but when he heard it, it was rude to even compare it.

It was literally a way to assemble concepts at the speed of light.

It was said that even if dozens of wizards rushed at it, it could not catch up with the speed of one with a tidal wave.

“Then let’s begin. Lie down, Sirone.”

Ikael pointed to his knee. It seemed that she couldn't bear to comb his hair.

Sirone assumed that there must be some meaning this time as well, and lay down as she told her to.

After all, where is this luxury?

As I lay down on the archangel's lap and looked up at the heavens, Ikael raised a comb and brushed through my hair.

'what?'

Sirone felt his consciousness become hazy.

As the combing continued, it felt like my consciousness was being pulled out in chunks. I didn't want to pass out. Friends are caught. If you miss the flow of time, it's the end.

'no. not… … .'

Sirone's eyes closed.

Ikael studied Sirone's sleeping face and looked up with sad eyes.

Many thoughts ran through her head. And she seeped into Sirone's spirit through the comb.

As if reading a fairy tale to a child, Ikael started the story in a beautiful voice.

“A long time ago… … .”

4. Heaven's Truth (1)

The Great World Exhibition in Jebul was Kariel's laboratory and an astronomical observatory that supervised the operation of the world.

Since the space was erased with a special function of the mecha system, no trace could be found, let alone entry, as long as the security device was in operation.

As befits a place with the Chinese character 殿, it was a vast space that could contain Alpheas Magic School.

The overall color was a mechanical indigo blue, and tens of thousands of electric signals were shining on the hemispherical ceiling.

A hologram of a globular cluster of stars was slowly expanding in space to the northwest.

At the center was a giant steel sphere, over 30 meters in diameter, with two belts rotating along its orbital and rotational orbits.

Amy's party sat side by side near the globular cluster with their wrists bound with steel handcuffs.

Ikasa, who kidnapped the women, expected the angel to be reinstated, but returned to the second heaven in Kariel's silence.

Since arriving here, that was the only enjoyable moment for Amy and her friends.

Conversely, other than that, everything was not good.

No way, I didn't know that someone of the level of an archangel would handcuff him.

---------------------------------------