[553] Power of the day (2)

* * *

D-63 days.

The winds of competition blew through everyone in the senior class, and Dorothy was no exception.

She was nicknamed the 4D girl because she always went to school with a bewildered expression, but her eyes reflected in the large glasses as she was disassembling the tin doll were clearer than ever before.

The name of the tin doll she is working on is Hickory.

To her, a manipulative joner, it was as precious as life and was the core of her magic.

'We have to evolve the algorithm.'

After completing the graduation schedule in the first half of the year, he climbed to the top of Class 2, but the threshold of Class 1 was still high.

I couldn't sleep at night thinking about how some of Class Three's freshmen had already been promoted to Class One.

Hickory, connected via the Spirit Zone, began to clatter around the room.

Dealing with an algorithm is about controlling the process before the result, so there was no problem in checking whether it worked without having to conduct a militant experiment.

Everywhere you look, Hickory, who looks like a piece of junk, floats his heavy body in the air and lights up his round eyes.

'Applied the Dorothy Algorithm. Version 4.3.'

Hickory's neck spun rapidly with a loud siren sound, and shortly thereafter he crashed to the ground with a vibration.

Dorothy's expression as she watched Hickory's broken neck changed to a thoughtless, dry look again.

“… … .”

Annoyed to the point where she couldn't stand herself up again, she went into bed and pulled the blanket over her face.

A strange moaning sound began to leak out of the blanket.

D- 61 days.

"more! sooner! too slow!"

“Aaaaaaa!”

The punching bag with a thick iron core shook heavily as the screamer poured in a series of blows with all his might.

The hit points were marked with circles on the leather containing the sand, and numbers indicating the order of repeated hits were engraved.

“Is that all! How are you going to become a champion with this!”

The screamer's father, Pyroker, who volunteered to be a coach, yelled into his son's ear.

Pyroker, who holds a key position in the heavy infantry of the Kingdom of Tormia, is a martial arts fanatic who even acquired a Colosseum pro license, and was a skilled fighter with a record of 21 wins and 2 losses in 23 matches.

However, due to the shock of losing to a wizard in an event match hosted by the kingdom, he was temporarily away from the fighting machine, and the anecdote that a screamer, who watched the match pathetically, said he would enter a magic school, was famous within the family.

"damn!"

Traces of pain were clearly visible on the face of the screamer who was carrying out the Tekken project created by Pyroker.

The 7 consecutive hits, which had to be captured in an instant, continued endlessly with thousands of cycles.

“Aaaaaaa!”

The impact sound of the repeated hits exploded lightly, but Pyroker rather got angry.

“Your accuracy has gone down! More Accurate, Faster, Stronger!”

Even moving an arm was an unreasonable request in a difficult situation.

“Don't stop! hit it! Once you get caught, you equip your instincts with multiple hits that will knock anyone out!”

As I repeated the same motion endlessly, certain parts of my body felt like it was being torn apart.

'How can I hit it faster here!'

Pyroker did not waver despite the fact that he was beyond the limit of pain and became irritated.

“Are you in trouble? But what should I do? Aren't I in pain at all?"

'Should we really stick together!'

“Shall I tell you the great truth? No one understands your pain People don't even care how hard you've been. A fighter who doesn’t produce results is just a punching bag!”

“Aaaaaaa!”

The screamer, who had lost his temper, stopped training with a strong shout, but the heavy punching bag did not even move.

“Heo-eok! Huh!”

I couldn't breathe, so I was going to regurgitate.

“Who told you to rest? Hit it fast!”

“… … 1 minute only. I will rest for one minute.”

Pyroc, whose expression was relaxed, spoke in a soft voice.

“You want to be strong? Shall I teach you how to become stronger?”

As the screamer looked up, his father's face turned into a demon again.

“Nothing like that, you idiot! Snooping on the method itself is an excuse! Do you know why? How to become strong is so easy that even a three-year-old knows! hit! get stronger! hit! Become stronger!”

'I can't move my arm... … .'

A minute's rest was rather causing muscle spasms.

“Can’t you? Then admit it cleanly! I mean, stand by and applaud the champion as he passes by!”

“Damn it!”

The screamer, who was bubbling inside, pushed the punching bag away and opened up the distance, then rushed in and opened fire.

“Don’t do it right! accuracy! accuracy!"

D-59 days.

Sitting cross-legged on a rock overlooking the stream, Sirone's face had dried up in a matter of days.

All she ate was grass porridge made by Maze, and her brain consumed all the nutrients she had obtained, so she lost three kilograms of her already light body.

'I can't think of anything.'

I want to take out the brain and put it in the trash.

Except for 3 hours of sleep, this was the only rest time.

At first, I wondered how helpful it would be for training, but recently I realized that it definitely helps.

If I hadn't been given even 4 hours of meditation, I would have died of exhaustion or committed suicide from madness.

'There is nothing insignificant. I just don't want to look into it.'

I looked at the scenery in front of me, reflecting on Miro's words, but I couldn't understand what the hell he was asking me to look into.

'The leaves are hanging. It shakes because the wind blows.'

I saw a spider building a web among the branches.

'What is that spider thinking?'

As I watched endlessly, the sun began to set before I knew it.

'It's nighttime, the spider must have eaten something.'

The spider must have eaten something too.

It's a very obvious fact, but it was quite interesting because I had never looked into it.

“Sirone, let’s start night training.”

As Miro's voice calmed down, it felt like my heart sank with a thump.

Four hours outside hell was shorter than one hour in hell.

“… … yes."

Sirone let out a small sigh and followed Miro to the training center.

D-55 days.

The outbuildings in the Tormia Royal Castle were as gorgeous and gigantic as the mansions of nobles.

The only royal pony in the magic school threw herself into the pool of a specially renovated outbuilding.

As she floated on the water wet, the maids held towels and stomped their feet.

“My lady, take a break today. What if I catch a cold like this?”

"are you okay. That's it for today, go in and rest."

"but… … .”

"It's an order."

Shocked by the cold words, the ladies-in-waiting gathered towels and left the pool.

“Whoa!”

Pony brushed her blond hair left and right in the direction of the parting, then entered the Spirit Zone.

As the propeller installed in the pool rotated, numerous rocks were created.

Her major is hydropower, and her field is rapids.

The goal of this training was to completely reverse the flow of water created by the machine.

'It will become stronger.'

The royal family is noble, and that is why they do not work.

However, that was only a privilege of the direct line, and it did not become the goal of life for Pony, who could not ascend to the throne.

'royalty. I don't need authority given by others.'

When the torrent magic was cast, the flow of water changed rapidly, and the focus of the eyes shook as the power of the mechanical device set higher than the limit was pushed.

'I'll make it! I establish my authority myself!'

The sight of foam rising to the surface was as if the water was boiling.

D-51 days.

Sirone's sequence has finally begun to exceed trillions.

After passing 1.2 trillion, Hwashin's light shimmered with brilliant brilliance, and Miro carefully observed the change.

'Changes are definitely being felt. But we're still far from reaching the singularity.'

When one reaches the level of one body, the individuality of the incarnation affects the law.

Until now, it is not possible to predict what the personality will be, but the range of change can be said to be quite large.

“Big!”

In the repeated training, Sirone's sequence continued to grow without knowing the end.

The breadth of growth beyond the first group to reach the second and third groups speaks of Sirone's talent, but it was still far from respect.

"omg!"

Screaming in agony, Sirone knelt down.

I felt like I heard a pop in my head, but then nothing came to my mind.

“Black… … .”

Unknowingly, his face turned into a tear-stain.

'it's tough. it's too hard.'

He has fought many battles, but fighting himself is completely different from the concept.

It must be because defeating oneself means killing oneself soon.

In a state where you can neither die nor live, you have to go even one step further than yesterday.

It was as dead as the number of three trillion, and now it was the limit.

“I don’t think I can make it in time.”

“Is that sound again? You said you don't have to think about it."

“My head is dizzy. Sleep a little and wake up... … .”

"sun!"

As Miro screamed, Sirone raised her head with hostile eyes.

Miro's beautiful face now looked like that of a vicious witch.

“You say you don’t have time and go to sleep? continue. All other thoughts are delusions.”

“I could really die.”

“I told you not to be silly.”

The corner of Sirone's mouth went down sadly.

“When you feel unreasonable, just remember this. Even at this moment, I am working hard with the determination that I don't care if someone dies. There are countless people who want to become stronger, even by risking their lives or selling their souls to the devil. There is no reason why you should claim the glory of victory while leaving them alone. If you don’t have enough time, you can reduce your sleep time.”

Even now, even though she only had 3 hours of sleep, Miro's words were as resolute as a knife.

“It’s okay, even if it’s shortened by about an hour… … .”

“Don't die! Don't die, Screamer!”

“Aaaaaaa!”

As if trying to erase Pyroker's voice, the screamer who was hitting the punching bag screamed.

But the more he did, the more intense his father's whipping became.

“Don’t cling to talent! Don't take pride in your efforts! I will fight only for you!"

“Aww! Aaaaaa!”

As the 7 consecutive hits were repeated non-stop, the heavy punching bag began to shake with a creaking sound.

'Become stronger! Become stronger than I was a second ago!'

Tomorrow's me will be stronger than today.

All the veins were coming up on the upper body of the screamer who clenched his teeth and stretched out his fist.

D-48 days.

Sirone desperately suppressed the idea of ​​losing her mind.

'4.3 trillion. 6.7 trillion. 11.9 trillion.'

There was a little joy on the face of Miro, who had been watching indifferently until now.

'It's accelerating.'

It was evidence that the mind and body had begun to withstand the current training.

After crossing the 12th row, Sirone collapsed with a thump.

"again. Start from scratch.”

“Aaaaaaaaa!”

As he was filled with vicious emotions, he screamed involuntarily, but his body was responding to Miro's words as if he were hypnotized.

“Sirone, success is the sum of failures. You build failures and jump over the wall of success.”

'14.4 trillion! 19.8 trillion! 24.6 trillion!'

Blood dripped from Sirone's nose, but Miro didn't even pay attention and looked higher than his head.

Where the haze of light rose, a golden angel spread its wings wide.

'The world is watching you. Die or die. You can do it, Sirone. If I can do it, you can too.'

Ten days after that, Sirone's sequence reached the first target point of 1,000 trillion.

The period left until the opening of the magic school.

D-37 days.

---------------------------------------