[165] Dangerous Transactions (2)

"huh? Is the government controlling access? But the Galliant government and the Aboriginal Autonomous District have different administrative bodies. If we say we will go in unconditionally, isn’t it inevitable?”

“Of course you do. It's just nominal control. But I think there must be a reason for blocking it that far. I'm sorry if I sounded useless.”

"no it's okay. because we didn't even know But my intention to go remains unchanged. Of course, Jis, if you guide me.”

"of course! Wouldn’t it be Jis as a guide?”

Jis, who confidently punched his chest, gasped in pain. It took a while for his pain to subside before he spoke again.

“Well, by the way, I don’t know if I’ll be able to walk around properly with my physical condition like this.”

“Don't worry about that. Tomorrow, I'm going to visit the recovery wizard Mr. Freeman introduced me to. Most traumas can be fixed by going there.”

“Whoa, a recovery wizard? It must be very expensive to treat it?”

Jess opened his eyes wide in surprise, and Amy looked at him mischievously and said,

“It will be cheaper than the cost of the guide you suggested.”

Jess scratched his head. He argued like that, and he could tell how much he was trying to rip off his skin.

“Haha, what happened all of a sudden? Take the past.”

Sirone buried herself in the soft sofa.

“Anyway, you'd better take a break today. Mental strength will recover after sleeping, but Lian and Tess will be inconvenient until they receive the recovery magic.”

"huh? no i'm fine Because the wounds are already healed.”

At Tess' words, everyone in the group turned to her. Clearly, the gum scars on her cheeks and arms had healed.

“Whoa, how did you do it? Is it similar to what Mr. Freeman did?”

"huh. I took the second schema as mitochondria.”

“Mitochondria?”

“It is a cellular organ that produces energy. If you use the mitochondrial schema, basic physical abilities such as quickness, regeneration, and endurance rise dramatically. That's why many less talented swordsmen opt for mitochondria as their default build. Perhaps kingdom soldiers or mercenaries will use a lot of mitochondrial builds.”

"I see. But what about the second build or the basic build?”

Sirone, who was lynched numerous times by the swordsmen while fighting the parrot mercenary this time, wanted to know a little more about the schema.

It was definitely different from the magic battle. It was better to collect as much information about the battle as possible, unless you know what dangers the ruins will face in the future.

“Build is a technique tree. It is often said to think of a virtual body when explaining a schema, but when you actually learn it, the sensation is different from that. As the cells that make up the body are awakened, the clarity is widened. So here's the problem. How do swordsmen nest multiple builds?”

Amy and Lian knew the answer but didn't answer. Since Tess was the person with the highest level of understanding of the schema, she thought of entrusting her solution to her.

"well. If it is a virtual schematic, wouldn’t it be developed by dividing it into parts like arms and legs?”

“I usually think so. Of course it's not impossible. But you can't balance your body that way. For example, if only the nervous system continues to develop, the muscles will explode. Conversely, if you only develop muscle strength, your fist may break when you swing it.”

“There was such a problem. Actually, I've been curious about it for a long time. I knew it strengthened the body, but how to balance it.”

“It will be like magic. Perhaps you too have a systematic way of dealing with the mind. It must be a special pattern.”

"huh. Call it four ways. There are also things like sequence formulas.”

“The same goes for prosecutors. That's what a build is. You can think of it as making several virtual schematics and continuing to overlap them. For example, something like this. Put the mitochondrial schema on the bottom, then the muscle strengthening schema on top of that, then lay the eye technique on top of it again, and so on. Since I ride the technique tree with the base complete, the risk of the body being destroyed due to a loss of balance is significantly reduced.”

"ah! There was a way.”

“The most efficient is the base schema. If the efficiency of the schema laid at the bottom is 100, the second chapter is 50, the third chapter is 25, and so on. You can change the order, but unless you're a master of the technique tree, it's hard to apply it right away in practice. However, there are a few exceptions to this, and there is a technique called reversal.”

“Isn’t that the technique Amy was talking about, Mr. Freeman, using? How do you do that? Are you making a specific pattern like the four ways?”

“No, schemas don't work that way. To explain it in an easy-to-understand way, the reason why reversal is possible is because you can change the point at which you experience the schema.”

Tess recreated the action of reaching out to the table and picking up and moving the paper.

“Let's say, for example, that we overlap three sheets of transparent paper. And looking down, our gaze will penetrate the paper in order. If you call it 1, 2, 3, the inversion is reversing the point of view so you see it from the bottom up. 3, 2, 1. Like this. In addition to this, there are numerous techniques related to the technique tree, such as exit, transmission, folding, and crossing. Building a schema with all of these things in mind is called a build.”

Sirone was amazed. I thought it was a swordsman to simply develop physical abilities, but now I see that it is technical enough to be comparable to a wizard.

"I see. So, Tess has uploaded the mitochondrial schema to the second technique tree. The efficiency is half that of the first one.”

"that's right. In fact, the mitochondria build is popular, but it is a waste to concentrate the activity of the body in a place where the schema efficiency can be 100%. Unless it's a literal battle of body against body. Therefore, those who practice the sword properly choose the scheme that best suits their skill. In my case, I chose the nervous system build. Because the most important thing in handling a sharpened sword is precision.”

Sirone also understands now. If they fought with the same three swords and the same schema abilities, the nervous system build would overwhelm the mitochondrial build.

“The fact that the mercenaries I met in the Accomplishment and Sacrifice Room was quite good also means that I didn’t choose the Mitochondria Build. The warrior seems to be a strength builder, and the archer must have been a sensory build.”

"huh? Are the nervous and sensory systems different?”

“It’s similar, but the reinforcement part is different. To put it simply, you can think of it as the difference between the inner and outer senses. A nervous system build like me is an internal sense. Therefore, you can perform the movements of the body more precisely than anyone else. Conversely, sensory system builds are external senses. Perspective senses, such as the eyes, nose, and ears, and kinesthetic senses, such as the tongue and touch. It is natural for archers to learn the original sense. That's why their sight, smell, and hearing are many times more sensitive than others. Of course, I also adopt the sensory system for the third build.”

“Well, that’s why you said that tailing is difficult when there is an archer.”

"that's right. Anyway, the important thing is to find the build that suits you. Of course, diligently polishing each schema is basic. Even if you adopt the mitochondrial build, if your performance is insufficient, there are cases where your physical ability is lower than that of a tester who selected mitochondria for the third technique tree.”

“I understand this, what kind of concept is a schema. Why is it called the human body schema?”

“In the end, you can see it as another self-image. For example, there is a phenomenon called hallucinatory pain. Even if an arm is amputated, if an object is placed in the space where the arm passes, unconsciously feel pain. That is the reality of the schema.”

Listening to the story, Amy, like Sirone, felt many things. At first, she thought the prosecutor's explanation would be easier, so she entrusted the explanation, but gradually, as the story progressed, things she didn't even know came out.

“So, Tess, how many schemas has my dad nested? When I was young, there were so many skills in my memory. If the efficiency decreases with each chapter, from about the fourth chapter onwards, do you build up?”

"that's right. Usually it is. But there is also a way. How to make the efficiency of the second technique tree 100.”

Sirone, who had already fallen in love with the schema, showed interest and asked.

"Oh really? What is it?”

“Prosecutors call it Acquisition. As I said before, to explain the schema, you just need to associate the shadow of your own appearance. Opening the schema would mean removing the black parts transparently. But honestly, how many of us have a perfect grasp of the body? In other words, a person who has peeled off all the black parts in one schema.”

“Well, that must be difficult.”

"that's right. It requires great training and genius talent. But there are people out there who have done it. It becomes completely transparent and eventually blends with your own body. Therefore, a person who acquires a particular schema ends up as if he did not have that field. For those who have mastered the five schemas, the efficiency of the sixth schema becomes 100. But it's a matter of time and effort. If you have the talent, you can shorten it.”

"Wow."

Sirone let out the breath he had been holding back. He dreamed of becoming a wizard since he was young, but he realized the infiniteness of the sword when he had a real sword fight with Lian.

sorcerer and swordsman. Spirit Zone and Schema. Indeed, there was a reason why it was called the force that divided this world into two halves.

"That's great, Tess."

Tess blushed at Sirone's sincere praise.

“Ah, what with this much? I know it because I learned it from a young age. Actually, I wanted to be helpful to you, the magic poet, so I tried to explain it in a lengthy way.”

"huh. It really helped me a lot. Now, even if a situation like today comes, I think I will be able to respond better than before. Then, Tess has already recovered, and tomorrow only Jis and Lian will need to receive the recovery magic.”

Sirone said it insignificantly, but Tess realized something in an instant and hardened her face.

Come to think of it, even though we were talking about the swordsman and the schema, Lian didn't intervene a word.

Tess glanced back at Lian. He listened calmly as usual, but his eyes stayed on his body.

It was literally a messed up body. 

In the end, he overpowered Falcoa with the imagination schema, but the weakness of not mastering the schema was great.

Even now, rather than recovering, it felt like the wound was getting worse.

'damn! why am i... … .'

Tess looked at Lian pitifully, but on the other hand, her heart raced with tension. My heart ached because I felt like I had hurt Lian unintentionally.

'You must have lost your self-esteem. The person who will be most upset is you.'

Realizing that his friends were staring at him, Lian hurriedly corrected his expression. As if she had never done that, she smiled brightly and thumped her chest.

"haha! are you okay. Even without healing magic. Because I am strong.”

Certainly, Rian's facial expression did not change, let alone the expression of pain, even though he was beating his body with great force.

But everyone knew. That he is enduring it with only superhuman patience. 

Of course, his mental strength itself was phenomenal, but if he couldn't heal his wounds, his combat power would drop significantly.

Even so, no one urged Lian to receive recovery magic again. It was because he understood the misery of being forced to show weakness.

But it wasn't Sirone. On this trip, Lian seriously performed the duty of a guardian knight. If Lian was serious, he thought, he should treat him with the same determination.

---------------------------------------