[281] 3. Late Night Ball (2)

Most of the black lines are wanted criminals. In particular, Madou 7 Girls are stigmatized as world-class heinous criminals, so they need an absolutely safe hiding place to stay in one place.

Working for such an inferior master, one would sooner or later end up hanging on the guillotine. When her thoughts reached that far, she couldn't help but worry about her own safety.

“Hmm, shall we organize this place soon?”

The reason why Arius has not been caught so far even when the bounty hunters of the Red Line turn on the light in their eyes and chase them is thanks to their sixth sense that catches hit and run in an animalistic way.

The senses that had been refined over 10 years of escapism were warning her that it was dangerous if she did not leave now.

'But I'm sorry to end it like this... … .'

Ataraxia. The best catch in a grave robber's life was caught in the net.

The reason he jumped into the robbery was to satisfy the intellectual desire of the unlocker, although material value also played a part.

In that sense, Archangel Ikael's abilities were definitely something to behold.

'Shall we pretend to be crazy and dive to the first level? No, it is impossible alone. Especially since the unconsciousness of wizards is much stronger than that of ordinary people. That's why I can't stick to Orkamp.'

Arius, who had rested his chin on his head and was lost in thought, slowly raised his head. Then he looked back into the empty hallway and said with a thin eye smile.

"What happened?"

When Ji-on's aide, an unknown official, appeared from around the corner, a cynicism was built involuntarily. The official is neither a wizard nor an assassin. But, as always, he didn't make his presence felt until he made his mark first.

“There is someone who wants to meet Arius-nim.”

Arius knows what Zeon is. However, the official did not disclose the owner's name.

It wouldn't be nice to know that Arius, an aide to Orkamp, ​​and Zeon, the core of the Theraze faction, secretly met and traded.

“It’s a nice suggestion to hear. Please guide me.”

As the official turned and walked away, Arius watched the old man's Achilles tendon.

They are walking without even making a sound. 

It looks as light as a cat, but the calf muscles hidden in the robe must have been extremely developed.

That doesn't mean he's a great master. To put it bluntly, is it the craftsmanship of a person who devoted his life to helping his master?

'Huh, it's a really fun place. royal castle.'

@

“Damn it! That son of a bitch totally blew me away!”

A glass bottle thrown by Ji-on hit the gallery door. The glass was shattered and the cat sleeping on the floor threw itself.

Either that or not, Uorin sat down at the table and put the cup to her lips and passed it over.

"why? i was good You were gorgeous.”

Ji-on glared at his sister.

Her dubious personality is usually cute, but when the situation was like this, she was hateful to the point of death.

“I have to go out on my own. You can't just leave Sirone alone."

Uorin said while stroking the chin of the cat on her lap.

“It was threatening. What would happen if I cast the magic towards the bleachers?”

Recalling the situation at the time, Ji-on blushed.

Just as Uorin said, it was terrifying power. No matter how high-level the bodyguards were, there would have been casualties.

"That's right! You declared war! It must have been revenge for my sword!”

“Do you think that went too far? It could be that he was just angry.”

“It’s the same anyway! The lowly thing ignored my suggestion! I won't let you go!”

Then someone knocked on the gallery door.

Sensing that it was Arius, Zeon calmed down and went back to the table with his sister.

"come in."

Arius opened the door and came in. It was the only place where you could meet Ji-on and avoid people's attention, but the atmosphere was unusual today. Jumping over the shards of glass on the floor, he bowed politely.

“It's been a while, First Prince. Oh, the young lady was there too.”

Ji-on gasped and snorted. In the current situation, even the title of first prince was nothing more than a façade.

“Sit down for now. I have something to tell you.”

Arius made a gesture of understanding and sat down on a chair, and Urin poured tea. 

Receiving the teacup with both hands, he turned to Ji-on and asked.

“What did you call me for? Are you tired of the object I brought you last time?”

Uorin waved her finger and corrected it.

“Ah, I didn’t save you. It was definitely sold for money.”

"haha! If you follow me, that's how it will be. But do you know that it is not something that can be obtained with money? It is an object.”

Ji-on didn't want to engage in trivial small talk.

“Objects are not the problem.”

“Oh, what if?”

“Don’t turn around when you know it’s obvious! now it's clear The reason why his father called Sirone to the royal castle. Is it to steal Akraxia?”

“It’s not Akraxia, it’s called Ataraxia. And what about robbery? If possible, please call it extraction.”

Ji-on took a deep breath and calmed down. If you got caught up in Arius' clever conversation, you wouldn't be able to get to the main point even after a day.

"so… … How far did that plan go?”

"Hmm, that's difficult even for the first prince. First of all, since I belong to Your Highness, I cannot disclose confidential information.”

Zeon held out his hand to the north. As Armand flew in and clung to his hand, he immediately swung it and aimed it at Arius' neck.

“Am I not kidding? You better speak straight.”

Arius took a sip of tea as if he only had time after the knife came in.

But there were many thoughts running through my head.

Ji-on is nothing more than a spoiled brat. Armand, on the other hand, was a cumbersome weapon. Although he had saved him, it was truly a waste of money for a lesser royal family to possess.

“If you ask me how far it has progressed… … Maybe 49 percent?”

It wasn't a lie. Everything is half started, and I haven't even started yet, so 49% is appropriate.

Realizing the meaning, Woo-rin burst out laughing, but Ji-on, as if he thought he had made significant progress, pressed forward with a surprised expression.

“Never stop. No, get rid of Ataraxia altogether. Would it be possible for a grave robber?”

Arius sighed.

He said he was like a pathetic guy. How can it be an archangel's ability that came over to the world, but only a king or something can remove it as a great number? 

Ataraxia was a treasure trove of mankind that should be analyzed someday, even if it was not robbed by itself.

“I will say it again, as a hired body of Your Highness… … .”

“I will give you any amount of money.”

Arius kept his mouth shut.

So far, he has made a huge amount of money trading with Zeon. Of course, he tends to enjoy robbery rather than money, but he broke up with Orkamp anyway. Lastly, if you make it big and carry it, wouldn’t it be possible to get a retirement pay?

“Hmm.”

Arius, lost in thought, finally revealed his true self.

When the cool snake's eyes were revealed, Ji-on got goosebumps even while aiming the knife at him.

However, the pupil hidden by Arius' slender eyes was not directed at Zeon, but at Urin.

'It's beautiful.'

It's not something you'd feel for a fourteen-year-old girl, but she was wonderful. In addition to her mysterious appearance, Terra Xera was a truly desirable fruit with her halo.

So far, I've analyzed the minds of countless people, but I couldn't figure out what Uorin was thinking.

When I first acted as a diver, I sometimes indulged in the fun of looking into the secret desires of humans.

Truly dirty, ugly, and even grotesque desires.

But after more than 800 dives, no human spirit feels new.

In such a situation, Woorin was a lumber that could show him a new world he had never experienced.

If I could dive one last time before dying, the target would be Uorin, not Ataraxia.

“First, let me tell you the exact progress. Currently, Sirone's Ataraxia cannot be extracted. Because it is encapsulated. But if you want, you can take out the whole ataraxia and give it to the prince.”

“Are you giving it to me? Ataraxia?”

"yes. The power of an archangel is to be possessed by the prince.”

Ji-on swallowed his saliva. At this moment, his face was pulled out of Orkamp.

No, anyone who confirmed the power of Ataraxia would have the same reaction.

However, he immediately recognized the error in his words, as if this was not the case for Uorin.

“Didn’t you just say extraction was impossible?”

“If it's the normal way, yes. Ataraxia is presumed to be staying in the depths of Sirone's consciousness. In a word, it is too deep. The deeper you dive into the psyche, the stronger the ego's resistance. If it's a deep-sea level, you'll be buried as soon as you enter it.”

Zion gathered Armand and asked.

“But how are you going to dig?”

“There is one way.”

Arius intended to do the same as the offer he made to Orkamp. 

But, unlike before, it was sluggish.

If the situation can be reversed, now is the last chance. The moment I bring out this proposal, I completely dislike Orkamp. He also said he had to leave Kazura as soon as the job was done.

"say! How can I have Ataraxia?”

As Zeon pressed on, Arius spoke in a cold voice.

“To harvest Sirone's brain.”

Not only Ji-on, but also Woo-rin showed a surprised expression.

“Brain… … Are you extracting?”

“To be precise, it is to collapse Sirone's unconscious. Consciousness is governed by the brain, but unconsciousness is connected to the body. Separation of the brain from the body thus significantly weakens the resistance of the ego, even down to the depths of consciousness. Of course, you don't have to open up to the skull. It just needs the top of the neck.”

Arius pretended to slit his throat with his thumb.

Ji-on nodded as if he understood.

“In short, you can kill Sirone.”

"well. Because I don't like inductive thinking. You don't necessarily die just because your throat is cut, do you? I'm not trying to kill Sirone, I'm just telling you how to safely infiltrate your unconscious.”

Zion was inconsiderate. It is unlikely that the remarks made today were not related to the assassination of the candidate for the first prince.

"You don't die by cutting your throat? Absolutely insane.”

Arius laughed as if he had been praised.

“There is something I learned while living as a grave robber, and there is no person in the world who is not crazy.”

Ji-on rejected the opponent for crazy words and went to the main point.

"If I bring Sirone's head, can I extract Ataraxia?"

“If you ask if it is possible, it is possible. However, too much time should not pass. You have to go in at the same time as the throat is cut. 'Just in case', when death is reached, the mind also disappears.”

“So fast? If your head is cut off, your life will last only about 10 seconds.”

“In the unconscious, time passes slowly. The door is set up, so go in as soon as you cut Sirone's head. From there you will dive to level 1. And then we dig the real Ataraxia. Then it will be yours.”

Ji-on inflates his cheeks and hoo! exhaled, and he walked around the gallery.

Even so, it's an overt assassination. Maybe it's too hasty?

no, this is correct As time goes by, the number of neutrals attached to Orkamp will increase. If anything had to be done before the paternity test results came out, today was the right time.

Arius read the killing spree in Zeon's eyes and smiled with satisfaction. He was certainly more of a king than Orkamp.

Arius asked as if he had already heard the answer.

“Then, how much would you like to buy it for?”

Ji-on also responded by not refuting.

The negotiating table is now set. After thinking it through, he offered a reasonable bid.

“2.7 billion gold.”

Arius asked with a slightly unwilling expression.

“Hmm, Armand’s transaction price was 3 billion gold, right?”

"So what? Are you saying that bastard’s magic is worth more than my demonic sword?”

The 2.7 billion that Zion assumed was the amount that came out of that.

---------------------------------------