[20] Learn magic (3)

“Sirone, how cold is it now?”

Shiina already assumed that Shirone was on the cold side and asked a question.

As expected, Sirone gave the answer she wanted.

“It is quite cold. No, it's just cold."

Anyway, I couldn't feel the cold more than the cold feeling at the test site 3. Shiina nodded her head in agreement and wrote a general review.

The gist was this. It is convergent, defensive, and has excellent durability. However, even so, the size of the zone is abnormally large.

Shiina wondered if this might be the case. For more than four years she practiced her teaching profession, but seldom revealed her mental inclinations and her diametrically opposite temperament.

However, this was an inevitable result of Sirone's selection and concentration. Just as he only bought history books to overcome his lack of knowledge, repeating only the practice of the Spirit Zone in an environment where he could not learn magic was what made him have such an excellent base.

"Thanks for your efforts. You can now step out of the Spirit Zone. I need to hold a meeting to set up a class, so could you wait outside for a while?”

"yes. thank you."

After getting out of the Spirit Zone, Sirone nodded and headed outside where children were huddled together.

As the doors to the exam hall closed, the teachers all started to voice their opinions.

“You are quite an unusual student.”

He refuted as if he did not like THAAD.

“Isn’t it rather well-balanced rather than unique?”

Shiina said.

“It is unique because it is so well-balanced. An 18-year-old boy who doesn't know magic has a john over 30 meters in diameter. Even though he is a convergent type.”

“The larger the zone, the thinner the density. However, the density of this student is still 86.7 percent.”

“I teach students how to increase density technically, but this kid showed this figure only on his own ability. If it is 86.7%, it is about the level of mental stability of a high priest practicing in the mountains.”

The teachers were all praised, and Sade was even more offended. Magic is the realm of talent. Therefore, most wizards had strong egos. As such, sometimes I felt jealous of the students.

“Anyway, it’s only at the student level. We will have to wait and see.”

“What do you mean? What is the student level? This is a school where students go to learn.”

Sade's face turned red at Shiina's cold voice. Even if her face wasn't pretty, she wouldn't have put up with this insult.

When there were signs of an emotional fight, the other professors kept their mouths shut. Sade of flame magic and Shiina of ice magic were famous enemies even at school.

Alpheas asked.

“So where would you like it to be placed? Speaking of Sirone.”

Shiina was the first to comment.

“Wouldn’t it be appropriate to be Class 5? I think it needs to be managed intensively because it has a high potential for development and has a unique disposition.”

Sade objected.

“But you don’t know magic, do you? You could put it on Class 5 and then get smug and go around thinking about it.”

“Some students can be like Mr. Sade, but not all students are like that.”

Sad raised his ax eye and stood up.

“Sensei Shiina! There is a limit to patience! To be honest, isn't Siani wanting to manage it himself? Because it’s a dedicated teacher for Class Five!”

“What do you mean? The teacher says he wants to guide the students, is there any problem?”

“It’s just that greed is too much. He doesn't know magic, and John's transformation is impossible. No matter how good you put it, Class 7 is appropriate.”

Alpheas also asked other teachers for their opinions. Some teachers said that it was better to raise them step by step, starting with class 1, and some teachers said to hold off on placement for the time being and wait and see.

A teacher resembling an owl came up with a mediation plan.

“In my opinion, Class 7 would be appropriate. Because of my age, there is a concern that I will lose my motivation to send it to the beginner class, and if it is class 7, it includes basic classes in the spirit zone, so wouldn't it be okay? If Sirone really shows his talent, he might even get an early promotion.”

Alpheas also thought he was right. In order to perfect Sirone's half-talented talent, it was necessary to further solidify the foundation.

“Then I’ll let you know and assign it.”

The entrance examination has ended.

* * *

Thanks to being assigned to Class 7, Sirone was able to set up accommodation in the advanced class dormitory where her peers stay.

Surprisingly, it was a private room. Since it was a school attended by aristocrats, it seemed to guarantee maximum convenience in terms of convenience.

Sirone's room was room 707 in the men's dormitory.

It was a simple room for a nobleman, but it was the size of the living room in Sirone's cabin. There was a bookshelf on the wall, and of course it was empty.

The staff who guided Sirone gave simple instructions. The class ended at 5:00 PM and after that it was free time.

Except for weekends, going out is prohibited, but the site is so large that most of the amenities are available on campus.

You can create and work on a research group in the field you are interested in, and if a certain number or more gather, you will receive a subsidy.

The library is open 24 hours a day in four locations in the east, west, south, and north, and as long as the deadline is met, the number of books borrowed is not greatly restricted.

Sirone was satisfied with everything. It was the best environment for studying.

The staff finally informed me of the contraindications. Except for the laboratory, the use of magic after work is strictly prohibited. In particular, if you study cheating magic, you may be punished.

A typical example of extramarital magic is the marriage ceremony of necromancers, and anti-magic was included among them.

Sirone asked why anti-magic was forbidden magic, but the staff just replied that they didn't know and left.

Sirone lay down on the bed and was lost in thought. I haven't learned anything yet, so I won't have to go to the study group for the time being. 

'I have to go to the library. I only studied history for two years, so I need to acquire a wide range of knowledge from now on.'

Sirone was confident. Wasn't he the backbone of knowledge created by suppressing curiosity? From now on, all that remains is for him to learn all the knowledge of the world.

* * *

Sirone was awakened by the sound of the piano playing. It was to spread the sound by etheric resonance, a type of sonic magic. It was a good performance to listen to, but it was not up to Reina's skill.

I already missed Sirone. Will Rayna be okay? Did Rihanna wait for her first class with a trembling heart like her?

Unlike dormitories where men and women are strictly separated, the cafeteria was the only place in the dormitory where men and women could sit together.

Sirone sat in a corner and ate alone. 

At one time, he was teased by the children of the slash-and-burn village because of his timid nature, but the students here did not care how others ate their meals.

However, the issue between men and women was an exception, so when a pretty or handsome student came in, everyone looked at them. 

In particular, Sirone was the main interest of female students because she was a new face and also had an outstanding appearance.

After finishing the meal as if running away at the sound of women whispering, Sirone returned to her room and took the textbook according to the schedule.

When I put the bag on, the weight of the book made my shoulders ache. Class 7 is also an advanced class, so there were a lot of things to learn.

Class was difficult. Compared to the aristocrats who thoroughly reviewed the preparations, the knowledge that Sirone knew was very limited.

However, thanks to the shallow and vast knowledge acquired through the spine of knowledge, I was able to follow through to some extent.

If you learned theory in the morning, practice was in the afternoon. In particular, the advanced class was conducted as an integrated class to practice the Spirit Zone.

The sight of 280 students gathering at the training ground and splitting into seniors and juniors was spectacular from Sirone's point of view.

“Senior, thanks to what you told me the other day, I passed the test well. thank you."

“Sir, this way! I have a seat here!”

Sirone, who did not know anyone, looked at how the students were doing. It was not uncommon to see an older student bowing to a younger student.

Whether public or non-public, when you go out into society, your position is determined by your grade, so there are strict barriers between seniors and juniors in proportion to your skills here.

In other words, it was a microcosm of the magical society .

Of course, yesterday's juniors could become today's seniors, but there was no senior who couldn't treat juniors carelessly because he was afraid of such things.

Rather, he proudly showed off his status, as if he were asked to do as much as he could if he could catch up.

Just being able to enter the magic school is the same as verifying their talent.

It was an arena where such talents gathered and competed, so the difficulty of promotion was beyond imagination, and it was a matter of picking stars in the sky to catch up with the gap that had once widened.

Spirit Zone's teacher was Etella, a certified 6th-class wizard. Maybe in your mid 20's? Her brown hair was tied back and she wore large glasses, giving her a benign impression that made it impossible to think of her as a wizard.

“Before class, new students came in. Sirone, get up and say hello.”

Numerous eyes turned to Sirone. Among them was Amy.

"oh! Isn't that the girl you saw yesterday? I guess her name is Sirone.”

Amy's friend Seriel said with a fuss. But Amy didn't answer. She must have seen a face somewhere, but she couldn't remember her at all.

"what! Senior, do you know him?”

A junior from Class 5 interrupted and said.

“This is a new freshman, and I heard that he was placed in Class 7 as soon as he entered. Teachers say you have great talent.”

"okay? I like it even more. Where is the family's son-in-law? Don’t you know your last name?”

“Damn it!”

Amy suddenly shouted. Seriel looked at her with her surprised eyes. It was the first time such harsh words came out of Amy's mouth.

“Amy, what’s wrong?”

"huh? Oh no. Nothing."

awesome talent. Where's the family's son? These two keywords awakened her memory. 

It was a boy I met in a back alley six years ago.

'He had talent. But he must be a commoner. No, even among the common people, the common people. But how did you get here?'

Sirone introduced herself in a calm voice.

"hello. This is Ariane Sirone. We got to take classes together in Class 7. I hope to go along well."

Students welcomed Sirone with applause. The seniors liked that the juniors came in, and the women liked that a handsome man came in. 

However, there were also eyes that looked at them with disapproval. It was a well-founded resentment toward his future competitor.

After the introduction of the new students, Etella proceeded with the class.

“Come on, everyone. What is the Spirit Zone?”

"The wizard's spirit."

"that's right. The Spirit Zone is the spirit manifested in form. The first shape is a sphere. Because that's what concentration is. However, its basic form alone is ineffective in practice.”

Ethella went into a magical device called the 'Image Zone'. The same smooth floor as when he took his entrance test was spread out, and countless magic circles forming concentric circles were drawn on it.

When the smooth floor disappeared and a black space appeared, Etella seemed to be floating. In that state, when a spirit zone with a diameter of about 10 meters was opened, the shape was surprisingly clearly revealed.

'This is the image zone.'

The image zone was a device that could not be made without a lot of magical engineering and a huge amount of money.

However, if you can see the spirit zone with your own eyes, the achievement of the class will increase significantly. It was not for nothing that Alpheas Magic School was one of the 5 most prestigious schools in the kingdom.

---------------------------------------