trigger (2)

“There! All-out attack!”

Watching the demons gather from all sides, Minerva held out her hand.

“Can you stand up?”

The moment Sirone joined hands, a popping sound was heard from behind her.

Her transportation jet was flying through the demons at a tremendous speed.

"damn! Don't let me run away!” The moment Minerva grabbed the jet with her hand, the bodies of the two soared into the sky.

“Ho-ho-ho! Let me catch you!”

Lately, flying demons covered the sky and flew in, but they could not catch up with the speed of the jet.

The two of them, out of the enemy's radius, hovered in the sky, wary of tailing.

With one hand wrapped around Minerva's waist, Sirone inspected the place where the sword had been pierced.

Minerva asked.

"are you okay? How did that happen?”

“I was beaten by Baal.”

“In order to stop the deadly cross, I had to hit one. But this... … Healing is not going well.”

If this was enough even with the Miracle Stream, other recovery magic had to be considered useless.

said Minerva.

“Is it the ability to teach? It must be because the intent to kill is embedded in the wound. In fact, it usually kills instantly.”

“Baal will return.”

“First of all, recovery comes first. Let's go to the hideout. There is a place used by subordinates.”

“… … yes."

Minerva, who escaped the trail, turned the jet into the deep mountains of Huig-occupied territory.

Shirone, who was walking down the hallway of the Delta headquarters, frowned and touched her stomach.

The wounds from the Ivory Tower throbbed.

"cadet."

In fact, there was no gum scarring, but the quantum aftermath was clearly felt.

'A finger injury does not affect other fingers. But pain is felt by the whole.'

When compared in that way, depending on the degree of injury, the whole may die.

“Whoa.”

Wanting to take a break, Sirone leaned her back against the wall and watched the sunset outside the window.

'The day is over.'

Although no one in the temple will be able to sleep anyway.

“Sirone.”

A beautiful voice was heard in the lonely hallway where most had left for dinner.

It was Miss Arachne, Barho Rangi.

'Come to think of it… …

Although he had a fairly close relationship with Sirone, the feeling of meeting him at the temple was completely different.

'Arachne's strength is beauty. And she stands at the heart of the ruse.'

why did you approach it?

As if he had read Sirone's caution, Rangi asked with a desperate expression on his face.

“Go to a quiet place. I have something to tell you.”

“… … great."

The Miracle Stream enveloped them and in an instant flew through the window into the sky.

Rangi, who arrived, shuddered.

"omg!"

The sun, the size of a gold coin, was resting beyond the cloud like a cotton blanket.

“No one here will hear.”

It was incidental that he was so dizzy that he couldn't even dare to promote lies.

said Rangi.

“I also attended Arachne's banquet. and… … The person I entertained was Gis.”

Sirone's expression became serious.

"is it so. The tracking article in the newspaper, I am the informant of the case.”

The reporter's name was Maykel.

“The reaction was more explosive than expected, but I couldn’t bring down the gas. Because it lacks credibility.”

Sirone was just listening.

“But if I step in, I can definitely take it down. Tonight, I'm meeting Mayle. An article with my name on it will spread through the newspapers tomorrow.”

“Why?”

As far as he knew, Jive and Arachne were allies.

“Arachne must have suffered the same loss as a result of that incident. While taking the damage... …

I realized in that moment.

“That’s why you were able to do it.”

"yes. From the beginning, Arachne planned to bring Jive down. It seems that strategy is important in winning or losing the world of beauty, but in fact it is not.”

Rangi smiled bitterly.

“The one with nothing to lose wins in the end.” “If Jive is destroyed, the reward on our side is certain. I can't tell you which country it is. the problem is… … Regardless of that, I'm going to die.”

It was quite predictable.

“They say it's an asylum or identity laundering, but I can't just leave someone who knows the truth of that day. They would either disappear without a sound or be murdered disguised as suicides. If you say it's a delusion, I have nothing to say... …

Rangi looked back at Sirone.

“The more insurance you have, the better. Just the fact that Mr. Sirone knows about it will make the pressure on me much weaker in my own country.”

“You want me to announce it?” "yes. Please lend me Mr. Sirone's name. If you put it in the article, I will take responsibility and bring down the gis.”

It might be a good result for Sirone, who was deeply troubled by the flu.

'But can I believe it? If there is an ulterior motive for approaching me like Geese... …

Sirone murmured.

“Mika.”

A voice stuck in my brain.

_yes.

'Is Mr. Rangi lying?'

-I cannot make value judgments. Her brain waves and heart rate are at a constant level.

Parasymmetry provides all mathematical information in real time, but interpretation is up to the observer.

For example, Mika can track all the keywords related to 'death' at this moment. However, it is unknown whether the emotion contained in the word 'kill' is sincere or a joke.

'Anyway, her brain waves and heart rate are constant now. We can detect changes based on this.'

Above all, destroying Geese was also good for Tormia.

“I allow it.” At sunset, Sirone returned to Delta and moved to the Tormia sector. When I opened the door to the think tank, Lufist was receiving a report from Fleur who had just arrived.

“After that conversation, we parted after dinner. The next appointment is tomorrow afternoon.”

The albino nodded.

“It seems to have crossed a certain level. It seems that the boundary still remains.”

Sirone roughly guessed the context of the conversation, but sat down without saying anything.

'The bomb explodes tomorrow morning. No matter what, Phi Plu's sister won't be able to meet Gis.'

Rufist, who didn't know Sirone's intentions, looked rather strangely.

'I thought you'd run like before. Could it be that you really understood and followed my words?'

No, it can't be.

'I'm not one to give up. There must be something new going on. Of course I won't tell you... …

The albino's expression was also unusual, so Rufist planned a strategy.

“It’s a spy from the NIS.”

He was thinking of scratching Sirone's insides.

“There is information about Geese's taste. It's kind of funny, but it's top secret. A pervert is a pervert. Read it. We will be able to devise action plans.”

Flew quickly skimmed through the papers.

It didn't seem that his emotions had changed, and it was a natural reaction to Lufist.

“There are always 20 guards guarding Gis. The same goes for sleeping with a waitress.”

Flew handed over the papers.

"height. Among the 12 temple bureaus, the guards are the most responsive. Assassination must be difficult.”

Even then, there was no response from Sirone, so eventually Lufist couldn't stand it and asked.

“Are you okay? I thought it would run wild. You really hated this strategy.”

“It is still the same today. But I can't help it. You won't even hear it dry. And regarding this matter, isn’t cooperation with Tormia postponed?”

Rufist realized.

'There is something.'

Drawing a line with Tormia means that it is comfortable to move personally.

'Actually, in the afternoon meeting, it was not confirmed in this way. Something happened in the meantime.'

I wanted to ask the question openly, but to hear the answer, I had to give up the world of beauty.

'Hmm.'

Rufist's thoughts deepened.

After introducing the sorceress Lyria to his subordinates, Dante immediately started investigating.

“Look at these papers.”

Lillia looked through the papers and immediately put them down.

“I don’t know, I have information.”

“So I explained everything. Classify which of the several patterns I suggested to you.”

She studied the documents carefully again and nodded as if she had finally realized.

“That’s it. You know the information has changed, but you don't know why?”

"That's right."

“But for this, there is the right person. Mr Sirone. He is someone who has mastered both the information and the law.”

Dante asked for a cigarette.

“It is, but you have to be able to believe it. No, I believe it, but I cannot believe it.”

“… … I know roughly what it is. But that's me too. I can't fight for the kingdom. The reason I came here is because of the peace of mankind.”

“It’s okay, as long as you categorize that.”

Since Lilia couldn't decipher the code, she was able to entrust her work with peace of mind.

I'd be lying if I said I wasn't conflicted, but... … .

'Yes, this is correct. If I leave it to Sirone, I'll decipher everything with Ultima.'

It's not an enemy, but what they pursued was different.

"okay. I'll try.” Lillia took out her pen and flipped through her papers.

“Hmm. This is auspicious, and this is when fortune turns to misfortune. In this section, a large road continues... …

If the information Dante had analyzed was perfect, Lyria's words would not be wrong.

'It's similar to predicting the weather.'

Dante pretended to smoke a cigarette and deciphered the documents she was analyzing.

'It was something like that.'

Finally, the meaning behind the incident was understood.

“At this point, there is a big twist. They say the magic is stuck, but the red line here.”

Lillia's hand, which was quickly flipping through the papers, stopped at a certain page.

After a long silence, Dante put out a cigarette and asked.

"what's the matter?"

"this… … It's a bust. A cataclysmic event so great that all the auspicious things that have been dragged along will dry up.”

“Give me a second.”

Sensing the seriousness of the situation, Dante snatched the document and read the code.

'It's an alliance code. The composition of the alliance of 11 countries against the kingdom of Moon. why is this good

You mean no?'

According to Dante's analysis, the most dangerous country at present was the kingdom of Paras in the Middle East.

Lyria added.

“As well as the great catastrophe, it is the first law that has undergone the greatest change due to the construction of the pyramids. information at the bottom. I don't know what it is, but it's raising my bad luck.”

Dante checked the place without a word.

'Alliance code... …

Kashan.

This is what the meeting of kings is called.

“Code One.” It was a different level of weight from code two, which is a way for officials to contact each other, to code four.

“Be fully prepared.”

Moonryong opened the door of the temporary barracks 20 kilometers away from Delta and entered.

“Welcome, King of the Doors.”

Uorin, who was sitting at the end of the round table, offered a seat across the table with a smile.

The cloud dragon gave a fist and said.

“Since the Empress personally came out to me, I stand on my side. Thank you for your courage.”

“To be honest, I was a bit surprised that the Kingdom of Moon would propose Code One. However, the ladies-in-waiting served alcohol.

“I was confident that it would not disappoint me. Because he has a large distribution.”

The corner of the cloud dragon's mouth went up.

“Have a drink.”

Kashan competes for the top spot among the 12 temple nations, but he was confident.

'I will never refuse.' huge breasts.