[456] The Beginning of Change (8)

After confessing to and being kicked by Miro, Gaold became the subject of ridicule by the students.

He wasn't particularly funny, but whenever the students saw Gaold, they burst into laughter and jokingly offered words of comfort.

Gaold paid no heed to their gaze.

Just as he fully embraced the god Yor when he accepted it, he did not distort or rationalize his mind.

However, what troubled him was the fact that the woman he had a crush on was getting along with the person he hated the most.

"what? Are they hanging out today?”

"I know. At the beginning of my senior year, I couldn't eat it, so I was impatient. Aren’t you dating according to rumors?”

“Then what about Gaold? It's really pitiful.”

Listening to the whispers of the students, Gaold watched Miro and Sain strolling side by side through the park.

Rumors were spreading that the two were dating in their senior year.

To be honest, I don't know why I hang out with Sein.

'No, it must have been the same for someone else anyway.'

Gaold turned away with a gloomy expression.

“Sheesh.”

Sein and Miro, I didn't want to run into anyone.

“The Supernatural Psychic Research Society?”

One day, when the distance between them grew farther away, Miro and Sain made a proposal.

Gaold did not know the reason for opening the study group in the middle of a busy senior year schedule.

What's more, the Supernatural Psychic Research Society?

It was a study group that did not fit Sein in the slightest, unless it was Gaold who lived by the power of faith.

'Hey, don't you have any backbone? Giving up your beliefs because of a woman?'

Gaold was bothered by everything.

"I'm not going in. Find someone else.”

Miro opened his eyes wide in surprise.

"why? I thought you'd like it It’s also the reason you go to magic school.”

"I don't know. I don't want to talk to you.”

Just as Gaold was about to turn away from his eyes, Miro asked directly.

“Could you, do you still have lingering feelings for me?”

Gaold couldn't say anything, just pouted his lips.

Miro, who had been watching the scene, said calmly.

“Okay then. I hate it, but I can't help it.”

Then Gaold's heart beat fast.

I thought it wouldn't be, but when she withdrew her decision, I thought it shouldn't be like this.

"good. I'll go in, study group."

It was a great courage for Gaold, but Miro smiled brightly as if he knew it.

“It will happen right away. Now, I can finally get my dues!”

“Did you ask me to come in because of that?”

"huh? no. In fact, it's a shame. lol."

Miro stuck out his tongue and turned to fill out the application form.

'If I'm going to do this, I'll just do it from the beginning.'

Gaold was flooded with useless regrets.

Gaold's work as a member of the study group was simple and ignorant work.

'Damn, why am I... … .'

The magic warehouse was to go around all the warehouses in Istas and record the coordinates.

Based on those coordinates, Sein calculated something and consulted with Miro.

Even when gathered in the study group, the feeling of alienation always belonged to Gaold.

Around a month passed like that, bad rumors spread around the school.

It was that Miro disregarded the senior year's rules and went out of school every night to go somewhere.

Some students said that they saw even first-class nobles riding in a carriage decorated with jewels that were difficult to purchase.

The conclusion the students came to was that Miro had a helper.

He could have predicted what Miro would give in return, even without speaking.

Gaold, of course, didn't believe that.

Miro is a genius. and freewheeling

If you were hanging out with wealthy old people for fun, you would hang out, not someone who wanted help.

However, the rumors grew like a snowball, and when Miro turned into a woman selling herself, Gaold could not stand it and went to Sein.

“Hey, you son of a bitch! What happened?”

Sain, who was writing mathematical formulas on the blackboard of the study group, was not shaken by Gaold's excited appearance.

"what?"

“The maze!”

Gaold shouted.

“Shouldn’t we step in and evolve the rumors? If you listen to it, it's no different than a whore!”

“How is that?”

“What, what?”

Gaold looked at Sein in bewilderment.

Even at that moment, Gaold did not know how much mental conflict Miro was in.

“You man! is that what you're talking about now? Can you still say that you love Miro?”

Only then did Sein put down the chalk.

“Aren’t you the one who doesn’t believe in the maze? No, in my heart I'd rather have Miro like that. Then you might have a chance.”

Gaold clenched his fists and trembled.

“Are you really dating Miro?”

“… … Why do I have to tell you that?”

“This bastard!”

Gaold grabbed Sein by the collar and raised his fist.

Said, sticking out one chin, as if asking Sein to hit it.

“It’s so low-key. Are you blinded by jealousy and abandoning your beliefs?”

A Yor religion that opposes violence and follows love. Gaold, who believed in Yor all his life, could not bear to swing his fist.

"it's okay. I would not have any business with a human like you.”

Gaold coldly untied his collar and left the study group.

A few days later, Gaold made a big decision.

They decided to follow Miro as he left the school gates around midnight.

"shit. Was it real too? what? what about jealousy A cold-blooded bastard.”

A huge wagon was standing where the maze was headed.

There weren't many people coming and going at this time, but it was a dignified figure nonetheless.

“Hey, you’re a person who has nothing to fear, right?”

Gaold sarcastically pursued the back of the wagon.

Casting magic outside of school is prohibited, but considering the situation in the maze that will soon be revealed, it was not the time to discuss this and that.

But my heart wasn't good.

Maybe the rumors are true, maybe not.

What if it's true?

Also, if he wasn't, he would just be a naive guy who pryed out behind other people's girlfriends.

'Oh, I don't know!'

Deciding on what to do later, Gaold pursued the wagon.

The carriage stopped in a plain area quite far from the school.

Thanks to the bright moon, I could see my son-in-law clearly.

A carriage more luxurious than the one Miro rode in was standing, and an old man who seemed to be close to 100 years old got off there.

'shit! Aren't you a kid and a grandfather?'

Disappointment with the maze doubled, but it was too early to make a hasty decision.

“Today is the last day we promised. So, have you made a decision?”

The old man's name is Gustav Havitz, 16 years old.

He was the emperor of the Gustav Empire, one of the Three Emperors of the Temple.

“… … .”

Miro didn't answer.

Sooner or later, a committee for 20 judges will be convened. It is only natural that Harvitz will become one of the 20 people.

Also, the power of the Three Emperors will act as a powerful influence within the committee.

“How beautiful it is. The noblest child in the world... … .”

We can carry the lives of mankind on our shoulders and not be trapped in eternal loneliness.

However, under the condition that it becomes a lovely doll of Gustav Havitz.

Still, it was a matter for Miro to think about.

Wouldn't someone's doll be better than the burden of carrying the lives of all mankind?

“From today you are mine. maze… … .”

Havitz stuck out his long snake-like tongue and approached the nape of Miro's neck.

After living as the emperor of an empire for the rest of his life, he has no more desires left, but Miro is different.

She is the noblest being in the world, and the only hope beyond all of humanity.

Having her would be the best final game for a man who ruled the world for the rest of his life.

“You can live. I can continue to be happy in the future. I will give you everything... … .”

Miro was just looking into the distance even as muddy breathing sounded like the breath of a venomous snake approaching.

“This bastard!”

Just as Harvits' lips climbed up the nape of her neck and were about to bite her earlobe, his face turned with a dull sound.

Havits, who collapsed on the floor with a loud noise, looked up in disbelief.

A young man with an innocent impression was looking down at himself with a spirited spirit.

Hitting the face of one of the Three Emperors.

No, more than that, where are the escort troops and what are they doing?

“Yeah man! How dare you know who I am and do something like this!”

“Who is who? Perverted inspiration! And Miro, I was really disappointed. No matter how much money and power you like, how can you be with a guy like this... … .”

Miro looked back at Gaold and blinked.

“What are you doing here?”

“What are you doing! Of course you... … !”

Gaold couldn't bear to be honest.

“It bothers me because strange rumors are spreading!”

Havits jumped up and shouted.

“Such an insignificant human being! What are you doing! Come on, cut his throat! No, catch them alive! I will torture you for three years and then kill you!”

Harvitz's voice echoed through the stillness and then permeated.

Only then did the emperor, who felt strange, panic.

Miro's eyes were cold.

“I will tell you for sure.”

“Ughhhh… … .”

Havitz's face turned pale at the sight of the suddenly gigantic maze.

It was the first time in my life that I felt such fear.

“I decline your offer. I am ready to sacrifice anything for the future of mankind.”

Gaold asked.

“The future of mankind? what future?”

Miro ignored Gaold and turned around.

"and… … You'd better keep quiet about your work today. There are things that even the emperor of the empire cannot handle.”

Only then did Harvits realize why the escorts hadn't been dispatched.

The moment she arrived, she was already trapped in a maze.

"Let's go, Gaold."

"huh? uh, yes.”

Gaold, who finally sensed that the atmosphere was unusual, followed the maze around.

The conversation was cut off for a moment, and Miro looked back at Gaold only after stepping out of the space-time force field.

The cold eyes from a while ago had disappeared, and she held her stomach and giggled.

“You are so amazing. Do you know who you just hit?”

“Sheesh. What do you know? who?"

“Emperor of the Gustav Empire, Harbitz.”

“What! The Gustav Empire!”

Gaold, who tried to protect his pride until the end, ended up opening his eyes wide.

to beat the emperor

This was an issue that would not only destroy the family, but also deal a direct blow to the safety of the kingdom.

But Miro shook his head as if there was nothing to worry about.

"are you okay. You won't be able to tell anyone.”

“What the hell is going on? the future of mankind? What the hell are you doing running around?”

Miro put on a gentle smile as if he was a bit troubled.

Gaold had hoped not to find out, but now he had no choice.

“Can I ask you something before you tell me?”

"huh?"

“If you had known that the person you hit was the emperor, would you have done the same?”

Gaold delayed his words. Not out of conflict, but to really think about it.

"of course. Such an ugly person is cheap even if he gets hit.”

Miro did not doubt Gaold's words. He was more than enough of the guy we saw in the hyperthermia of the survival test.

“But you used violence. Doesn't that go against the religious beliefs?"

Gaold only then realized and looked into his hand.

I hit someone for the first time in my life.

No, before that, if he was truly an emperor, how could he have come to this place without getting caught?

“Did you know I was tailing you?”

Miro turned away without talking about it.

“Let's go back to school. I have something to tell you.”

Even then, Gaold did not know.

The fact that the story I heard that day will completely change my life for the next 20 years.

---------------------------------------