[145] The name parrot (3)

“Hmph, yes, they are thugs. Don't worry and wait for us to come back.”

Jess confessed what he knew. He didn't want to scare them away to rescue his brother, but he couldn't bear the remorse of letting them go.

“They suddenly appeared and took control of the island in three months. It's not just an organization. According to Falcoa's subordinates, they were called the parrot thieves before coming to the island.”

“The parrot thieves?”

Sirone's eyes widened. Amy was also lost in her thoughts, as if it was unexpected this time.

The parrot bandits belonged to a man named Lucas who had invaded the school with Arcane.

Amy had watched a man named Lucas dance. As the effect of Abyss Nova faded, she remembered that she was a strong enemy who could not be helped even with Iruki and Nade's pincer attack.

If it hadn't been for Shiina's sudden intrusion, the situation where all the students would be safe would not have been possible.

In any case, knowing his identity did not change the situation. It was important for her to leave as quickly as possible, as the life of an innocent girl was at stake.

"are you okay. We once fought and defeated the vice-captain of the parrot thieves.”

Jess swallowed her tears and bit her molars.

"thank you. How could you do this for someone like me?”

So far, the aristocrats Jis met didn't even treat the gang in the back alley as human beings.

Maybe it was natural. Why would they, who monopolize the wealth and fame of the world, pay attention to people in the dark?

But these were different. He was trying to fight for himself, who had been thinking about getting ripped off with thin words.

“This grace… … How should I really pay it back?”

Embarrassed by Jess' continued gratitude, Amy put her hand on her waist and sighed.

"Because it's done. After all, you saved me. Rather, it is we who have been helped.”

“But such a dangerous thing… … .”

“There is no need to complicate things. I don't even know anymore. Besides, since you’re asking like a man, I’m accepting.”

Jess looked at Amy with an absurd expression.

How could the word manly fit the situation? Shouldn't it be the other way around?

“Sheesh, stop pitying me. What is manliness? What kind of man in the world would beg so servilely? My pride is all crumpled.”

"What are you talking about? You gave up on her pride to ask her to get her brother back.”

“Yeah, but… … .”

Amy smiled and lightly pushed Jess' forehead.

"That's what being a lead man is, you idiot."

As Amy left those words behind and walked away, Jess was about to burst into tears. But he seemed to have to put up with it. It was because I thought that if I cried already, I would pour cold water on their resolve.

Lian patted Jiss shoulder and followed Amy.

"don't worry. You saved my friend, so I'll be sure to save your sister too.”

Tess added.

“Instead, you should give them a proper tour when they come back. I will pay for your hard work.”

Sirone turned to Jiss in front of the door and said.

“Trust us. I will definitely bring her sister safely.”

In the end, Jess couldn't hold back her tears. He ran to the door, not minding his bandaged wound. Then, he shouted at the four members of Shiro who were walking away.

"be careful! You really have to be careful! If you don't come back safely, I won't forgive you!”

Sirone and the others did not look back. However, their gradually accelerating footsteps were a surer answer than a hundred words.

* * *

Sirone and the others borrowed four horses from the western commercial district. It was Tess's opinion that if they were chasing in a wagon with poor mobility, they would not be able to keep it in time.

Although he boasted to Jess, the actual situation was going against him.

Above all, the identity of the Freeman organization, which I learned belatedly, made my heart heavy.

Lucas, the vice-captain of the parrot thieves, was a B-class criminal.

The number of criminals is not only a measure of the seriousness of the crime, but also a measure of force.

Even if you are a serial killer who has disturbed the city, if you are not strong enough, you will not be locked in Inferno, the western prison.

Sirone had a hunch that she was involved in something quite serious.

Something was definitely wrong. After the Arcane incident, I heard that the leader of the parrot thieves is a Class A criminal and is currently wanted.

Then, who is the Freeman of the Freeman organization they have to fight now?

“Amy, is it really the parrot bandits? Don't you feel a little strange?"

“I thought the same thing. How did a wanted gang manage to establish a base in a tourist destination? The arcane gun must have strengthened the pursuit of the parrot bandits.”

Tess, who was riding to Amy's right, interrupted their conversation.

"It's not the parrot bandits."

"huh? Do you know something?”

“The parrot thieves are probably the name that changed when they moved to the kingdom of Tormia. Their original name is the Parrot Mercenary Corps.”

“Mercenaries? Were you a mercenary? Then what about Lucas?”

“I don’t know. But I know how they became bandits.”

“Why?”

Sirone immediately asked. But Tess was afraid to tell him.

In terms of content, it was a common story. However, in this situation where they had to fight fiercely in the future, I thought that information about them could break Sirone's fighting spirit.

“Tess, tell me if you know anything.”

When even Amy couldn't hold back her curiosity and asked for it, Tess couldn't help but start explaining.

“There is an incident that was quite an issue on the continent in relation to the parrot mercenaries. Do you guys know about the flower vase incident that happened in Iron Kingdom 7 years ago?”

"what? I know. I heard about it at school.”

What Sirone knew was this. At the meeting of nobles in the Kingdom of Iron, Valtes, a noble of the Senate, announced that he would give his prized vase to anyone who proves that he is more courageous than himself.

Then House Noble Moose challenged. The method he practiced was to throw the vase he had hung as a reward against the wall.

On the surface, it looked like an affair between drunken aristocrats, but a closer look revealed the political conflict that had been festering for a long time.

“Iron’s aristocratic system is bicameral. The Senate conveys the king's will and the House represents the common people. Thanks to that, Iron has become a rich country, but the conflict between nobles is at a serious level.”

Involving commoners in politics weakens the authority of the nobility. However, as the number of commoners with subjectivity increased, the nation's wealth was bound to grow.

“The power of the Senate comes from power, and the power of the House comes from taxes. After all, the fight between the two factions was already predicted. When Moose, a nobleman of the House, was arrogant, Balthes' stomach boiled. At that time, it was passed over, but the sediment would still remain.”

“But what does that have to do with the parrot thieves, or the parrot mercenaries?”

“Three months after the vase incident, a civil war broke out in Moose's estate. An unknown army invaded. From here on, I heard it through intelligence, but the person who caused the civil war was Balthes. He hired mercenaries, not private soldiers, to hit the moose.”

“Then, no way, the mercenary that belonged there… … ?”

"that's right. They are the parrot mercenaries. Of course, numerous mercenaries participated in the war, but the parrot mercenaries broke through Moose's defensive wall with overwhelming force. However, just as we were about to break through the resistance, Baltes' soldiers suddenly came from the rear and attacked the mercenary group by surprise.”

Sirone could guess the situation at the time.

Hire mercenaries to attack the enemy, then use private soldiers to attack the mercenaries. In that way, victory and innocence could be obtained at the same time.

“Baltes had no intention of punishing Moose from the beginning. Because the power of the House of Representatives, which is supported by the common people, is stronger than expected. I just wanted to give it a hard time. After all, the mercenaries were discarded from the beginning. Let them raid the territory and punish them again, a perfect strategy.”

"But if it ends like that, the House nobles won't be quiet either?"

“Of course, but it can’t be revealed on the surface. After all, the Senate are nobles who are protected by the king. Perhaps there was an agreement. The reason Moose doesn't bring up the story even after 7 years is probably because he was compensated to some extent by Baltes.”

After hearing that, Lian furrowed her brow in displeasure.

“Are only the mercenaries abandoned after all? I can't understand the thoughts of politicians at all. It's against chivalry.”

“It is natural to think so. But I've come across many more spies in my family than this. The world doesn't just go the way we think.”

Everyone was silent at Tess' words. They must one day advance to a place where the great power of the world operates. The Hwabyung Incident was not his business, but it was not someone else's business either.

“Whatever it was, it was abandoned. The mercenaries who attacked Moose's territory were all executed under the pretext of treason, and the parrot mercenary group was naturally disbanded.”

said Amy.

“But they survived in the end. That’s why he must have defected to the kingdom of Tormia.”

"that's right. The mercenaries have been disbanded, but a few skilled personnel have escaped the battlefield. It's an inference from here on out, but wouldn't it be difficult for them to maintain the mercenary corps after being accused of traitors? That’s why they fell into bandits and eventually flowed into the island when they were accused of being criminals.”

Tess' reasoning was reasonable, but Sirone was somewhat uneasy.

Above all, they needed their own capital, power, and a very outstanding leader to be able to maintain the name parrots fleeing for treason.

“Couldn’t it just be the same name? In fact, there are many guilds in the world, and the name parrot is not unfamiliar.”

Tess hesitated to answer. The situation she feared came to pass.

“Sirone, isn’t there the woman you talked about last time?”

"huh? Sister Marsha?”

After rescuing Amy from the palace, while having a late-night snack, Sirone briefly talked about Marsha.

Of course, it wasn't even a detailed anecdote.

More than anything else, I thought I would take the story of how I almost suffered from my adoptive father to the grave.

“When I heard Jiss, I thought it was speculation. But there's a reason it can't. I remembered the name of the leader who led the parrot mercenary at the time.”

“The captain's name? Aren’t you Freeman?”

“Clay Marsha. That's the leader's name.”

When Tess finally confessed, Sirone's expression went blank. Marsha, who was as friendly as her older sister, and Marsha, the leader of the mercenary corps, were not properly combined in her head.

“At first I thought they were the same person. But he was just in case because of the story that he was raised by a mercenary. Then, after listening to Jiss, I was convinced. Those who rule this island are the remnants of the A-class mercenary group that was betrayed in the Iron Kingdom 7 years ago.”

“It can’t be. How does Marsha noona... … ? I explained it then. I'm not one to do bad things like this.”

"Really?"

Tess glared at Sirone with intense eyes. Her usual her was different from her. He was the eye of a spy who could see through people's minds.

“You really think so? Marsha you think.”

Sirone bit his lip. I knew the truth. No matter how much he tried to trust her, his insight was already doubting everything.

"Sorry. You're right. For sure… … I think so."

If you look at it one by one, everything fits together. I could understand her reaction when she talked about the collusion between nobles and criminals.

---------------------------------------