[343] Main character of life (3)

Kang Nan took off his glasses and stuck them in his inner pocket. Then, as if in the image of a wolf, she raised her fists up to her face and brought her left foot forward, slightly swaying in rhythm.

Sirone and the others were bewildered. Even if Ram Muay didn't know it, it was possible to guess that it was a Baktu posture. However, it was rather comical because it was in front of the huge Thousand Arms Guanshi Yin.

Lilia, who was worse off, approached with a frown.

"Hey! what now... … !”

At the same time, Kang Nan's body became blurry. The high kick, which was so fast that you couldn't even see it, drew a trajectory along the dirt like a thread. The instep of her foot broke the face of her Thousand Arms Guanyin at a right angle and passed.

The Thousand Arms Guanshiyin's expression changed to a puzzled one. He rolled his eyes for a moment, then his hand movements slowed down. And finally, as if submerged on the surface of the water, he was sucked into the deep sea of ​​Jade King Park Yo-jin.

“Um, what is that… … ?”

The shock that Sirone and the others received was beyond imagination. Even though he was trapped in the Jade Wangbak Yojin, he was so startled the moment his kick broke his neck that his heart almost jumped out of his mouth.

Sirone looked down and saw her thighs, which had come down under the strong suit skirt. At the moment of her impact, the stockings on her instep burned and rolled in, exposing her right leg. Her muscles cracked and blazed like pieces. But she soon revealed her smooth legs as her soft subcutaneous fat returned.

'Who the hell are you?'

I thought it might be a government official. It was an insight that any department in their own country would have fully predicted the situation if a foreign priest came to visit.

“Whoa.”

Jiangnan sighed lightly. Then she took her glasses out of her inside pocket and put them on again. Sirone, who had been watching her, made eye contact with her friends and moved towards her.

“Hey, who are you? Maybe in the kingdom... … Ugh!”

When Kang Nan suddenly lifted up her skirt, Sirone's face turned red like a carrot. She rolled up her stockings and pulled out new stockings. She said as she changed her stockings, whether or not she was aware of the boys' coy glances.

“The enemy you are dealing with is a cerebral body code-named ‘The Lawyer’ that inhabits beyond the northern limits of Heaven.”

"heaven?"

Dante tilted his head. It occurred to me that there are a lot of really crazy people in the world. But Sirone and Amy couldn't hear Huhtu. Also, if you knew heaven, it meant that this woman was no ordinary person either.

“Actually, the lawyer is not that dangerous. It's just a simple phenomenon like the aurora. But when the environment changes, it becomes a headache. Golden time is 72 hours from the start of occurrence. From then on, it evolves exponentially. You guys got it just right.”

Kang Nan pulled up her stockings to her belly button, then slammed the skirt down to smooth out the wrinkles.

“Because you judged well, let me pass on your arbitrary actions. If the ruler of the law had expanded the radius of action, the army would have been dispatched. You have saved the lives of many people.”

Having said that, Kang Nan turned around and put on high heels. She went back and straightened her clothes when she kicked.

“By the way, can you tell me who you are?”

As Sirone took off his hood and approached, Kang Nan's eyes narrowed as he checked his face.

'The real thing is younger. To really beat the law... … .'

Even in the initial case, the awakened ruler is ranked in Phenomenon Grade B set by Valkyrie. Since the normal angels are Class A, it means that they fought against a powerful enemy comparable to the fallen angels.

'But how did you break the law?'

The <Magic Sword Armand> received as a gift from Princess Uorin would have been able to defend the law to some extent. However, I can assure you that I could never defeat the lawyer with that alone.

'no way… … .'

Gangnan could only think of one thing.

'Is it mental transcendence? No, it can't be. It's not something an eighteen-year-old can reach.'

According to Kang Nan, all living things eventually move toward realizing incarnation. However, because the period is so long, most die without finding themselves within the given lifespan.

It was heaven, if there were any exceptions.

There are humans who live for hundreds of years and plants that live for hundreds of thousands of years.

This was the reason why incarnation was called the art of heaven.

It is said that the time to reach enlightenment is different for each creature, but on average it takes humans 220 years, cats 400 years, monkeys 600 years, snakes 700 years, and foxes 1,000 years.

In the end, if Sirone realized the state of mental transcendence, it would have surpassed approximately 200 years of time.

'I don't think there was any exaggeration in the association's evaluation.'

Kang Nan is not an idle person. He was also one of the most trusted factors in the Association.

If it weren't for the instructions of Gaold, his immediate superior, he wouldn't have come to a magic school student simply for an interview.

Kang Nan recalled the situation at the time.

"If it's Sirone... … Are you talking about Aryan Sirone from Alpheas Magic School?”

"okay. The sickest junior at my alma mater. I don’t know why the school still hasn’t failed.”

Gaold shuddered, but Kang Nan saw through his superior's intentions and stabbed him sharply.

"You're not thinking of taking part in this project, are you?"

As expected, Gaold did not respond.

“I am against it. It's too risky. It's not a matter to decide by looking at Ataraxia alone. Are you thinking of wasting 20 years of preparation?”

Gaold, who had become serious before he knew it, opened his heavy mouth.

“I heard you grow fast.”

Gangnan responded with a snort. No one in her association knew more than she did about Sirone, she said.

“Of course, he is one of the promising players representing the kingdom. It's an unlocker that uses a battery that gives mass to light. If she works diligently, she will be in the 6th grade by the time she is 20 years old. Great managers are in short supply in any organization.”

Kang Nan narrowed his eyes and checked Gaold's reaction. As expected, I kept my mouth shut.

“Are you kidding me? Yes, it's 6th grade. Romi Etelado and Olifer Shiina, who are teaching the sirone, also got the official 6th grade at the age of 20. But they are not the youngest either. It's just that there are a few geniuses everywhere in the kingdom. If you don't intend to wait another 10 years here, it's right to give up Sirone.”

"I don't know. The youngest or what, I'm not a genius.”

Gaold leaned against the backrest with a cigar in his mouth and looked up at Gangnan.

“But am I the best right now?”

The intensity was undeniable. Ga Old, she knew, was not an outstanding student, she said. However, he was now the best wizard in the Kingdom of Tormia, both in name and reality.

"That's just an exceptional case... … .”

Gaold held up a hand to stop him.

“Ah, okay. Do as I say. It doesn’t matter whether you become a 6th grader when you are 20 or 6th grade when you are 40 years old.”

"no. The reality is that many scouts measure performance over time as a measure of talent. If that's not important, then what's important?"

With a cigar between his fingers, Gaold let out a roaring smoke and thought.

"Eventually… … It doesn't matter what you do.”

Kang Nan tried to retort, but kept his mouth shut. She's a crazy person, but sometimes she's speechless like this.

“It’s a mutt. Now that I've risen to the pinnacle of magic... … .”

Gaold raised his chin arrogantly. In fact, he was the only one who could call the last descendant of the wolf tribe a mutt.

“Being the best doesn’t mean being number one. It's a complete departure from the group of ranks. Of course, if it's a talent to quickly follow the path others have paved, then it must be a talent. But look at the world. Those we call the best shine a light in uncharted territory that mankind has devoted its entire life to. 1st place or 2nd place, it's not that level. It's something that doesn't even have anything to compare the rankings to. That is a very different matter from following a path that already exists.”

Gangnan chewed over Gaold's words several times.

“Do you think Sirone can become the best?”

“I can't say for sure. However, its growth rate is fast enough to destroy common sense, and it can use ataraxia. If these two things mesh at the right timing, it might be possible to reach it instantaneously under certain circumstances. Then maybe we can create at least one more variable.”

Although the project has been prepared for 20 years, the difficulty is still challenging the absolute impossible. In such a situation, one variable was worth getting at any cost.

But the violence was unacceptable. It was not good to have unfounded trust in an uncertain subject in a matter so serious that it was worth exchanging the lives of all mankind.

“I understood. But you know what? Precise timing, specific circumstances, instantaneously, at least. That most of what you just talked about is made up of families.”

Gaold raised the corners of his mouth, as if his tension had finally eased.

"know. So let's meet. See it with your own eyes. If we can increase the probability of success even by 0.1 percent, shouldn’t we use everything that is available?”

Kang Nan escaped from the flashback and said to Sirone.

“I am Ahoya Gangnan, the chief secretary of the Magic Association.”

“Eh, the Chief Secretary of the Magic Association?”

Sirone's eyes widened. His friends, who were watching from behind, couldn't hide their surprise. If he were the head of the secretary, it would be safe to say that he was ranked second in the ranks of the Magic Association. A person who would be difficult to face even if he lived his entire life as a wizard was standing in front of his eyes.

Sirone quickly lowered his head.

“Oh, hello. I am… … .”

Kang Nan was reluctant and spoke from the point of view.

“Sirone, this is a national emergency. There is someone who wants to meet you. Come with me to the capital.”

Sirone put on a blank expression.

It is said that it is a national emergency, but it was also strange to find yourself in such a situation as a mere student.

“Who wants to meet me?”

Kang Nan said indifferently.

“The president of the Tormia Magic Association, Mikea Gaold.”

"yes? Mikea Gaold?”

Sirone's heart beat fast. He was the name he had heard most often in his life that he had never met.

It's not just Syrone. In the kingdom of Tormia, there was no one who did not know Mikea Gaold among those who dipped their feet into magic.

Dante asked with interest.

“Why is such a high-ranking person looking for Sirone?”

Sirone was equally curious. But on the other hand, there was a part that I could guess.

“Is it related to the Ice Queen?”

"that's right. The Ice Queen is a heavenly being. Do you know what it means for such an existence to have descended into this world?”

Sirone's eyes widened. The first thing that came to my mind when I heard that the existence of heaven had descended was the final war.

"Stop, can't you?"

"okay. A crack appeared in the space-time of the labyrinth.”

If the only barrier blocking the army of heaven was cracked, Gangnan's words of a national emergency were understandable.

Lyria quietly intervened.

"wait a minute. Does the space-time of the labyrinth refer to the barriers of the law in the prophetic books?”

Gangnan, who was looking up and down at Lyria, asked.

“Is there a shrine?”

“Achaeans.”

"Right."

Kang Nan nodded and continued his explanation.

“For now, it is not a serious problem. It was a small crack and now it has been restored. But a rift is always the beginning of a collapse, so things can't get any better than they are now. We have to prepare for that.”

“Then Miro-san is now… … .”

Kang Nan raised his hand and cut off Sirone's words.

“This is all I can tell you. For the rest, listen directly to the author, who is my superior. Come with me to the capital.”

Sirone was deep in thought with a thoughtful expression.

---------------------------------------