The world we live in (3)

Since it was a life-or-death matter, Marsha carefully reviewed the items added to the contract.

'Sirone.'

who gave her a second chance.

'I want you to be happy. Because he is the one who gave me my family and my life back.'

therefore.

'I'll keep quiet. If it's what you want, I won't tell you under any circumstances.'

Marsha signed the contract.

Even behind the pillars of the main system, the distance from the battlefield was less than 50 meters.

However, she was immersed in conflict to the extent that even the noise of battle could be heard vaguely.

'What do we do?'

A file containing the history of Omega 999.

According to the contract, it should be sent to Fermi as it is, but the problem was that it was 83 percent.

'How much of the future of mankind is left?' What if 83 percent of the data only had records of the past?

'I need to check now. In order to send information to Fermi, the messenger must go out into reality. If this is tin information, it's a valuable opportunity to waste.'

Apocalypse and real time are different, so you have to wait a considerable amount of time once you leave.

'You have to see. The only chance to turn back is now. I just don't have to tell Sirone.'

Taking out an analog watch, she calculated the real time using the time difference.

'good. If there is information that is future than today, pass. Or mine again here.'

Marsha opened the file.

The records left in human language were written in chronological order.

'Pass it. Hand it over.'

The eyes barely contain the letters.

As she turned the page with the sole intention of checking the date, her face turned red.

' there is.'

It wasn't much, but the record had the exact date of today.

'it's okay. End here... … At that moment, a line of records caught my eye.

“… … what?"

Without having time to think about anything, my brain absorbed the entire event of a paragraph.

Marsha slowly raised her head.

Even while he was deep in thought with a stunned look on his face, his hand was turning off the equipment.

'It must have been this one.'

Fermi's words that you would be sure the moment you saw it were true.

'Sirone.'

My eyes grew hot.

'Is that so? Even knowing everything... … Did you erase your memory?'

At that moment, a roar erupted.

“Marsha!”

When I turned my head, numerous jets were being destroyed by the collapse of the operator.

“I have to leave now!”

When the bowway opened on the side of the elevator that Freeman pointed at, Marsha jumped straight away.

"hurry! Ride fast!”

Right before the elevator closed, the operator, who had returned to the form of a girl, got on board.

“Whoa, I thought I was going to die.”

“Nice job, sister.” Having said that, the lollipop looked up at Marsha and frowned.

“Please return it when you are finished. Don't touch anything else. It's a private secret.”

"uh? Oh yeah."

' what?'

Contrary to the fact that her eyes turned upside down when she was called an ajumma, her face was filled with sadness.

Smile Mark asked.

“Is there a solution? There must be a jet outside. I don't even have the equipment to pull up anymore.”

“We will stop you guys run away. Find a safe place and leave Apocalypse.” At one time, Sirone's discarded information, namely, that Lo Cine dismantled Apocalypse.

Fermi created an escape code based on the information at the time, and that is... … .

'Escape.'

Smile Mark looked at the pill in his palm with a worried expression.

'It takes up to 10 minutes to get out completely. Is there a place that meets the criteria?'

Upon reaching the ground, as expected, numerous jets were blocking the entrance.

'This is too much.'

The black circle mark raised its head as if it had discovered something and muttered softly.

“Game over.”

"sister! Unluckily, at the same time as that sound, a flash of light blew from the left side of the field of vision and swept away the jets in an instant.

Sirone landed in the empty space.

"brother!"

The lollipop ran away, and the mercenary parrot let out a big breath as if it was relaxed.

“Why are you so late? How long have you been waiting?”

"sorry."

Sirone checked the number of people in the party first.

“Is everyone okay?”

"okay. Let's get away first. We need one last check before escaping.”

Sirone, who swept the party with the Hand of God, flew straight into the sky.

Jet pursued, but it was not enough to catch up with Sirone, who was determined and ran away.

'There really is no end.'

There were only cities with the same pattern and the same scenery, but nature was nowhere to be seen.

“I can’t. Let's go down.”

Cirone landed at a point where the jet was nowhere to be seen and asked Marsha about the mining situation.

“How have you been? Did you succeed?”

Marsha, who had trouble managing her expression, nodded.

"huh. It's not perfect, but I've achieved the desired results. Send it to Fermi and you’re done.”

"thank god."

Sirone let out a sigh of relief and looked around.

“There is nowhere to hide. The jets are coming soon, so let’s get out of here.”

Of course, no one objected, and everyone took an escape pill.

Marsha asked.

“The order?”

didn't have to fix it.

“Go out together. I will move again and go out for the last time.”

"okay."

In the end, it's best for Sirone to take responsibility, but Marsha is saddened.

'why?'

The back of Sirone, who was wary of the distant part of the city, felt sad today.

'You take on everything and fight for the world... … why? Why can't you be happy?'

What Marsha saw.

'Sirone.'

It signaled the end of human history and Omega.

'Amy is dying.'

This will happen in the next 6 hours.

'I won't be able to stop it.'

It was such a powerful case, but if Sirone knew about it, the story would be different.

'But I... …

Marsha gritted her teeth and held back her tears.

'I can't tell you!'

The moment you become obsessed with someone special, Yahweh's standards will collapse.

'How heartbreaking must it have been?'

Even after hearing about Amy's death from Fermi, she erased her memory for the world.

How many tears have you shed?

'I must have asked again and again.'

In denial and in denial, you would search for every possible way to change the situation.

"sister."

Sirone turned around.

“Why are you so crying? Don't worry too much. I will go to a safe place too.”

Marsha swallowed the pill, averting her gaze.

"okay. I'll be waiting for you.”

Of course, by the time Sirone returns, the information will have already been passed on to Fermi.

"yes. See you outside.”

Marsha, who felt her mind wandering, suddenly opened her eyes and said.

"excuse me… … ! Sirone.”

"yes?"

My heart became even more disturbed at the innocent face that seemed to listen to anything I said.

'I have to tell you.'

Shouldn't it be?

'What good is humanity? that kid forgave me He gave me a new life. So me too... …

If the cost of speaking out was death, she would not hesitate to give her life.

But what Sirone chose.

In front of an infinite sacrifice that a criminal like her could not even imagine.

"just. Thank you.”

Marsha hid her emotions and laughed bashfully.

“Nuna will take care of you for the rest of your life, Tsar.”

"haha."

Marsha's body, to be precise, her mind melted away like a haze and disappeared.

“Anyway, I can’t dry it.”

Shaking her head, Sirone looked up at the sky and stretched.

“Shall I start too?”

Although the future controlled by the gods has not changed, Sirone is not frustrated.

'thank you.'

I had a heart here too.

Even if it is an error that will never happen again, that heart will create the future of humans through Sirone.

so that.

'hi.' Apocalypse.

“Mika.”

■The construction progress is 31.6548 percent.

The much faster working speed of Sirone Spear was only the price of pain.

“Huh!”

This is because methods and efficiency are meaningless in a construction project that transcends human knowledge.

'I can do it more, faster.'

After concentrating, I felt my brain burning, followed by the actual burning smell.

'… … Really?'

At that moment, the solar wind rushed in.

'Amy.'

Drawing the light with her transcendental telescopic vision, Sirone caught the collision of fire and fire.

Phoenix screamed.

“Kiyi!”

After all, since they are of the same nature, the stronger fire would devour the weaker fire.

"how… …

Phoenix glared at Amy, who was 3,000 kilometers away in an instant.

“Can you be faster than me?”

“Because it is the sun.”

The two incarnations, resonating with the sun, communicated words to each other through light radiation.

“Of course, that would be true of you too. but."

Amy grinned.

“I am a professional wizard.”

A unique battery, spontaneous combustion, allowed her to travel anywhere in the sun.

“The batteries are different. I know that? That on my planet you are a tier 2 creature.”

Of course, even that is not weak.

“… … is it?" As the Phoenix grew in size, its ferocious eyes were visible even from 3,000 kilometers away.

“Are mortals ignoring me!” The phoenix charged with all its might and flew up while swallowing Amy's body.

“Kurrrr! I am fire!”

Just as it was about to dive into the sun, a small whirlpool formed in Phoenix's chest.

"huh?"

In the next moment, the convection current rapidly increased, twisting Phoenix's wings and neck.

“Kuaaaaa!”

complete combustion.

The phoenix, wrapped in a pillar of fire, realized that the essence that formed it was being sucked into it.

"no! not… …

The whirlpool exploded, and Amy, burning in the form of a female body, stood up in the air.

“Ouch! Whoops!”

In front of her eyes, a bird that could not be said to be bigger than a man was staggering.

“Big!”

Phoenix, who did not have enough energy left to maintain his form, bowed his head as if resigned.

“Well, there is nothing to be ashamed of. In the phoenix... … Because now it's just you.”

"okay."

said Amy.

“And we will someday disintegrate again and become something in the universe.”

“Hehe.”

Phoenix raised his head.

“I never thought I would become a human from fire. Usually it's the opposite. Is it rude to say something like this? Why don't you rule the universe when you've risen to the level of an outsider?”

“Because I am not alone.”

Amy walked over to Phoenix.

“If I had existed alone, I would never have come this far. People who helped me, people who died for me, people who fought for me, people who hated me. I am just one human being who owes it all.”

I don't know why, but the faces of the people I've met so far came to my mind at the same time.

“I am not human. It is between humans.” As the half-melted Phoenix lay on her lap, Amy stroked her beak.

“You don't have to shine alone anymore. Come with me and spread the light to everyone.”

“Being human… …

Looking at the endless universe, Phoenix raised the corners of his mouth and closed his eyes.

"okay. That would be fine too.”

As the form of the phoenix melted, Amy's flame seeped into it.

It was a fire in the heart stronger than the law.