[340] Wave of Law (5)

“Fire call?”

Zokre scanned the direction the rock had come from. Amy was standing at a distance that made it indistinguishable from the scenery unless you looked closely.

“How dare you look down on us?”

Zocre raised his speed gear to level 10 while using teleportation. Amy hurriedly fired a fire call, but he, who could control his inertia, easily evaded it.

"ha ha ha! Is it just this?”

The corners of Amy's lips went up slightly. The moment Zocre felt puzzled, dozens of fire calls rained down from the sky and hit him.

“Ouch!”

A sniping angle of 88.97 degrees.

Even the speed gear could not block the attack that the Fire Call, which had been staying outside of the cognition, suddenly slammed down from a blind spot.

Amy rushed at Vivian without stopping. The radius of zero provides an advantageous environment for allies, but he has a fatal flaw that he himself is petrified. In the end, Vivian couldn't do anything and got hit in the stomach by Amy and came up with a span.

“Keuk! oops!”

As Vivian lay on her stomach and vomited up, Amy patted her hands and snorted.

"Heh, I'm glad it ended like that."

I wanted to scold him, but the situation was not on the easy side. While fighting Zokre and the others, an explosion of noise erupted from the sky. It meant that Sirone's long-term firefighting had begun in earnest.

“What about Sirone?”

Sirone floated in the western sky. The Ice Queen was nowhere to be seen, instead I could see clouds of cold gathering across her.

"huh? That... … .”

Amy's face was in shock. The Ice Queen revealed through her haze was beyond her imagination.

trinity (1)

Sirone swallowed saliva with a hard face.

As the cold clouds lifted, I saw the Ice Queen's huge eyes twitch.

It probably wouldn't be easy to find. It is also difficult for humans to capture objects smaller than their pupils.

Things like dust, mosquitoes, and hair.

I honestly don't know.

No, I didn't even want to know.

Watching the sight of pupils, pupils, and irises moving around at the same speed as human eye movements, my mind just went blank.

If the ice queen's eyes were the size of a man, her face was the size of a house. Cold air was leaking from between the neatly aligned teeth that were tens of meters long.

The fact that only the face had grown was the most bizarre.

A small body clings to a huge face. If this was a dream, it was my worst nightmare.

Why did you make that choice?

It's a pretty good tactic if you're going to startle it and stop your heart, but it certainly wasn't meant to be that primordial.

'I increased my brain capacity.'

I could only think of it that way.

For the first time, the ice queen's face, which had barely changed her expression, showed strong emotion.

fear and anger.

It was only when he experienced the crisis of extinction due to the continuous firing of the Photon Cannon that he reached the most intense emotion that humans can feel.

'Humans are strong.'

The Ice Queen realized through Sirone.

'Then I become stronger.'

Sirone's strength comes from his brain. That's why it should be bigger than Sirone. In a sense, it was an ignorant method, but on the other hand, it was the most intuitive and clear answer.

“Ooooooooooo!”

A chill spread from the Ice Queen's mouth. As the air contracted, the whole sky seemed to be narrowing.

The aftermath reached the ground. The ground froze and the air cooled so much that it was difficult to breathe.

Dante and Lyria shivered from the intense cold. Even the iron-clad monsters were losing their vitality. shouted Amy, who had bent Vivian's arm behind her, and came running.

“Dante! What happened to Yojin Park? If we don't do it quickly, we'll all freeze to death!”

Lyria shook her head grimly. The transformation of the Ice Queen's form was bizarre. Apart from her power, it didn't seem like she would be able to overcome such a monster. In that case, it would have been better to imprison the Ice Queen, even if it meant dying here.

“Amy! Free Vivian!”

Zocre and Ludvans came to their senses from the cold. However, even they noticed the change of the ice queen that appeared in the sky and stopped walking with a dazed expression.

"I… … What is that?"

There was no Ice Queen that Zokre knew. Only her face was a huge monster floating in the sky.

Amy shouted, leading Vivian, who was taken hostage.

“You understand now? What monster have you awakened? So stop surrendering and help us!”

said Vivian, struggling.

“What do you know! Zocre, attack!”

Zokre did not move. No, he couldn't move. The temperature was dropping severely. It's an attack or whatever, everything freezes to death at this rate.

“Eight! Stay calm!”

“Aww! hey! Handle with care!”

Amy, who was worse off, threw Vivian away and entered the center of the party. When I cast Fire Wall and surrounded the area with a wall of fire, warmth was transmitted for a moment.

“Zocre! Do something too! Are you going to die like this?”

Zokre is also a fire mage. Suddenly coming to his senses, he drew another barrier within the radius of Amy's fire wall.

But in vain. The fire made by omnipotence had a much lower ignition point than in reality, but it could not stand it and went out.

Extreme cold hit. His lungs froze and his eyes dimmed. It was as if the end of the world was approaching. Just like that day 800 years ago when the ice queen froze herself.

For the first time, Zokre felt the fear of death. His face turned into a tear-stain, and a desperate scream broke out.

“Sah, save me! I can't die like this!"

Ludvans grabbed his neck and knelt down.

“Keugh! I can't breathe!”

The current temperature on the ground is 120 degrees below zero.

Three minutes was enough temperature to kill everyone.

'Sirone, please... … !'

Amy looked at Sirone with longing eyes.

The only person who could withstand the extreme cold was Sirone, who was protected by the power of the Diamond Armament.

“Sirone! Everyone will die at this rate!”

Armand's auditory organ collected Amy's sound and transmitted it to Sirone's brain.

But even without listening, Sirone already knew.

It was an unbearable cold even though Armand was strengthening all of his body's heat sources.

The energy consumed per second reached a whopping 1 kilocalorie.

Even the organic robes that maximized the cold weather effect were hardened to the point that people on the ground would already have no energy to move.

'Is there no choice but to collide?'

Sirone threw her wings back and rushed at the queen.

As the headwind increased, the perceived temperature dropped further.

It was a suicidal attempt, but Armand did everything possible to maintain his body temperature without complaining.

But eventually even that reached its limit.

- Vivo tissue necrosis. Organic production impossible. time to maintain life activity. 4 seconds. 3 seconds. 2 seconds.

“Great!”

Sirone clenched his teeth and charged. It felt like his entire body had turned into a mass of cold stone.

And finally, the moment I was about to face the last moment of my life, I dug into the ice queen's mouth, the source of the cold.

Amy exclaimed in surprise.

"it's crazy! Sirone!”

Entering the ice queen's body was more insane than facing the extreme cold head-on. It doesn't just end with death. How could a human know what might be in there?

said Dante, breathing heavily.

“Amy. The temperature is rising. Cast the fire wall.”

The Ice Queen who swallowed Sirone didn't even blink. For reasons unknown to her, she seemed to be in a state of temporary inactivity.

As a result, Sirone's judgment was excellent. However, if he had intended to save everyone even at the cost of his own life.

Amy's expression when casting Fire Wall was not good. It felt like Sirone had already left the world.

“I will come back. Sirone will definitely come back.”

Dante did not give a hopeful answer. The probability that Sirone, who threw herself into an unknown world, would return was impossible to calculate.

“Once I bought time. I don't know how much room there will be, but we have to do something within it. Gather together, let's plan a strategy.”

While Dante and the others discussed the strategy, Zocre blankly looked up at the sky.

'That is the essence of the Ice Queen.'

The Ice Queen's gigantic face was terrifying. It was as if someone from outside the world was only shining her face through a magnifying glass.

And in that place, Sirone jumped in.

Maybe he could have held out a little longer. No, he has incredible flying abilities, so in the worst case scenario, he can just run away with his friends.

Instead, he threw himself into the limb.

You want to save the world? Wanna be a hero? If not, is this also an act of arrogance?

"why?"

Zocre sincerely asked, but Sirone, who was supposed to answer, had already disappeared under the ice queen's law.

* * *

Sirone was rich in the world of law.

Numerous stars whose distance could not be measured were exchanging signals while twinkling ceaselessly.

Light and dark are 1 and 0. A system of binary numbers was enforcing the Ice Queen's law.

However, it was not important information in the current situation.

The really important piece of information was that there was no air here.

-Residual oxygen consumption time 2 minutes 37 seconds.

Sirone was terrified. The time Armand delivered was literally his life span.

'Let's stay calm. I use a lot of oxygen when I'm excited.'

He tried to regain his cool, but that didn't change anything.

There is nothing but the signals of 1 and 0. That's why I couldn't create a variable to break the situation.

Will you die from lack of oxygen? Will it become a corpse and wander the cold world forever?

At that time, the speed at which the stars twinkled rapidly increased.

It was as if the slow-moving ants were speeding up like crazy when food fell to the ground.

Sirone felt his mind go hazy. The faster the stars went, the farther away they felt.

'Oh, I see.'

This was the digestive organ of the law.

If it hadn't been protected by Armand's law, it would have already disintegrated and permeated into the Ice Queen's law.

In fact, every time his mind fluctuated, Armand readjusted his concentration point to maintain his consciousness.

It felt like a rice cake thrown into the sea.

'Please hold on.'

Sirone prayed earnestly to Armand. I know it's just a tool, but it's my only lifeline right now.

Armand held up well.

The reason it doesn't tell you how much oxygen you have is because you've determined that fear makes things worse.

He probably thought so himself, but Sirone thought it was more frightening.

'Oxygen consumption. Let's just know.'

-Residual oxygen consumption time 2 minutes 1 second. 2 minutes. 1 minute 59 seconds.

'Two minutes left, my life.'

I thought it was easy on purpose. Otherwise, the rate of oxygen consumption would be twice as fast.

Of course, if you hold your breath, you can hold on a little longer, but from then on, you really enter the end of your life.

You have to find a way when you have a little bit of spare time.

"omg!"

Sirone vomited out the precious oxygen.

Suddenly a huge sound was heard. No, it was a signal that made a huge sound.

shake

Just as rice cakes that had been submerged in water met a storm and were released, Sirone's consciousness began to disintegrate quickly.

break up

'Uuuuuuuuuuuuuuu!'

Everything that had formed one was leaving waving the flag of independence.

Consciousness went away. Armand is trying desperately, but eventually the ice queen's law begins to eat away at his mind.

“Great!”

Sirone frowned. As the nerves around the eyes rose, the pupils began to darken.

In the depth level 1, a devastating explosion occurred, pushing the ice queen's law out.

Against the uninvited guest who infiltrated the mind, the guppin's seal opened and the demon was brought out again.

- Multiple Mental Body Detection. Overdrive operation.

Armand found the only hope to save his master and immediately contacted Behemoth.

---------------------------------------