only chance (2)

Marron Parts Shop.

The automatic door opened, and Sirone's data was transmitted remotely to the company.

“First of all, by purchasing power bombs in large quantities… …

As Destroyer 707 entered the shop while explaining to Sirone, the second floor became noisy.

"huh?"

A man in a tuxedo was hurriedly descending accompanied by robot guides.

"welcome! I am the manager of Maronsa Attogram!”

As expected, it was a robot, but it was so precise that it was indistinguishable from humans.

Users whispered.

“What, are you the branch manager? This is the first time I saw it in the early days of High Gear.”

"I know. Is there a discount event?” Sirone stared at the branch manager's smiling face.

'Maybe because of this.'

The serial number of the unlimited credit card was registered next to the golden ring guild mark.

God of Destruction 707 said.

“I’m trying to buy parts and some equipment. There are a lot of items. Are they ready quickly?”

“I will do my best to run.”

“First of all, 3 sets of 100 guns, 1 integrated marron, 14 boxes of armor-piercing shells for 100 guns, 1 auxiliary charging device. Please give me this.”

When the branch manager's eyes lit up, all the guides at the store scattered in all directions.

Users were bewildered.

“You buy a set of 100 cabinets at a store? It would be three times cheaper to buy from the user.”

“Look at Mark. It’s a golden ring.”

“Oh, yes. So, did you wash the code name?”

“No, it must be a new member. Because there is no reason for the ring of gold to wash the code name. Those guys must be the ones Aegis took from Freedom Square earlier.”

Before the conversation was over, the branch manager piled the ordered items in front of him one by one.

“Here it is. The calculation... … God of Destruction 707 said.

“I will.”

As soon as the words were finished, the credit card flashed and the payment completion sign appeared.

'The balance is also not displayed. It's really great.'

Literally a blank check.

I realized the scale of the ring of gold all over again, but the pressure of time increased accordingly.

'Level 100 in 2 days. driving me crazy.'

The Destroyer Demon God 707 came to his senses and urged.

“First of all, Yahweh 2 and I, Death Princess is a set of 100 cards, and the strongest code name is Maron All-in-one.”

When I touched the box, the 'replace immediately' sign appeared.

“Just approve. It takes time to resell existing parts to shops. It cannot be replaced immediately.”

This was to prevent errors due to mistakes in judgment.

After a while, the bodies of Sirone and the others changed, and the Marron package parts fell in abundance.

"let's go. let's go. I don't have time.”

As I left the store without even looking at the fallen parts, the manager bowed.

“Please come back anytime.” Users alternately looked at the broken parts and the exit with a bewildered expression.

“… … What are you so busy with?”

Mago's base.

It was a place where the average creature level was 20, and it was a place where hunting was difficult at the level of Sirone and the others.

“Listen. The reason I chose the hundred jang set is that although it is the most expensive, the basic firearm is shotgun.”

thump thump!

The bodies of the three were as heavy as heavy infantry armor, and their upper arms were inflated like balloons.

“Open firearms.”

As the forearms opened, the muzzle came out, and Sirone aimed at the front in that state.

The automatic aim calculated the hit rate according to the range.

"huh. The program changes automatically. The range is much wider, but the range is shorter.”

“Its power is also slightly inferior to that of a bolt gun. Of course, it was calculated with a single bullet.”

The strongest code name said.

"That's why they use armor-piercing bullets."

His aircraft, which chose the integrated Marron type, was more like an armored vehicle for transport than a person.

“Some types of live ammunition are expensive, but among them, armor-piercing ammunition is a high-end item. Even if there is no penetration test, it will pierce quite a few armors. So I usually buy a 20-round magazine and use it only in case of emergency. But we have fourteen boxes, or 1,680 rounds.”

Death Princess said.

“If we lure a creature, Yahweh 2 will catch it. The strongest code name is to keep supplying ammunition. Then the round trip time can be reduced. The problem is power... …

God of Destruction 707 said.

“Auxiliary charging devices are just a stopgap. It only charges up to 10 percent. In other words, it uses up all the power here and uses it to go back. 100% in mid gear

I have no choice but to do it.”

Solar warfare was an important reason.

"good. I understand."

When we arrived at the center of Margo's stronghold, the forest disappeared and a huge clearing appeared.

Numerous users were shooting mechanical gorillas coming from all sides.

Sirone immediately realized.

'It's a strong creature.'

At least in high gear it was.

Except for the fact that there was no ranged attack, the speed and durability of the armor matched those of the users.

“Let us begin.”

The Demon God of Destruction 707 moved with a stomp and raised its arm toward the outskirts of the forest.

'Spraying iron-piercing bullets with shotguns. Awarded, but... …

It was a reality now.

“Kang! kang! Kwang!”

As if turning a tape recorder over and over again, the Magos screamed and charged.

The moment when AI calculates the radius of the shot and Mago's body is captured by a large aim.

"launch."

kwaaaang

A roar erupted and the machine-made gorilla's body tore like paper.

"done! Operation Success!” Twenty users gathered in the empty lot stared at the Destruction Demon 707, which brought joy.

"what? Did you catch it in one room?”

The strongest codename said as he put down the box of armor-piercing shells.

“Then I will go back to Attogram. I will reach the target level once in the future.”

Maron's integral form quickly moved away, and Sirone and Princess Death, who watched the demonstration, joined the battle.

bang bang! bang! bang!

No matter where it came from, the shot was unavoidable, and it was undoubtedly an instant death.

'fast. The level has already risen.'

Every time I caught a level 20 Mago, I could see the experience gauge going up.

Originally, Mago's base was a hunting ground where users enjoyed the tension of a siege... … .

“Kwaaaang!”

Currently, the Margos have dried up, and most of the users are watching in awe.

“15 levels.”

The speed of growth was thrilling, but Sirone's expression was serious as he finished the calculations quickly.

'Is this going to happen? If the required experience goes up, 2 days is really tight.'

It should be more efficient than this.

At that time, a user who had just entered this place shouted at Sirone.

"hey! Let's go hunting too! What if you catch fifty when others catch one!”

A nearby user approached and stopped.

“Stop it, you idiot. They are gold coins. If you mess with it, we'll all be killed.”

"huh?"

After checking the mark next to Yahweh 2, he blinked for a moment and pretended to be strong.

“Sheesh, is it all about gold coins? tell me to kill you I just need to wash the code name.”

“That is your case. If it takes us... …

Sirone said.

"Sorry. because of circumstances I’ll go hunting for a bit.”

An engine sound was heard in the distance, and Choi Kang-ko put down an armor-piercing shell box on the floor.

“Is the time okay? Fourteen boxes.”

“It was close.”

After reloading the armor-piercing bullets, Sirone and the others hunted the Margos again.

“Level 20.”

The hunt is over.

“Let’s go back. How much power do you have left?”

“Two percent left.”

The Demon God of Destruction 707 opened the armor on his chest and said while attaching an auxiliary charger.

“In addition, 12 per cent is enough for the attogram. I deliberately calculated and chose this place. Fully charged in mid gear, you should be able to run 10km.”

Equipped with auxiliary batteries, Sirone and the others immediately left Margo's base.

“????? went.”

Only a box of armor-piercing shells worth 1 million galaxies left behind by Sirone and the others remained.

On the way back to the Attogram, Princess Death said.

“Suddenly buy a selective option. Since the turbo is activated at level 20, the hunting speed will be faster.”

Sirone bought a telecom and a turbo from an electronics store.

God of Destruction 707 said.

“Selective options have many functions linked to parts. In other words, even if communication is opened, it cannot be used if there is no communication equipment in the parts. The same goes for the turbo.”

"huh. But can I use both now?”

"of course. Its name is a set of 100 pieces, but that's the basics. But we'll have to consider that later.”

The strongest code name said.

“You guys go to turbo. I'll level up while Yahweh 2 charges in mid gear. The Death Princess serves as the carrier.”

After activating the turbo, Sirone felt the doubled output and jumped out like a bullet.

“Whoa!”

I could see the loss of power, but I seemed to be able to hold on until the attogram.

Upon arriving in the city, the Demon God of Destruction 707 found a mid-gear charging station and applied for rapid speed.

Death Princess spoke through the communication.

“When you enter mid gear, outside information is blocked. In a word, reset. Normally, we disconnect while charging, but we don't have time, so let's leave right away.”

“What do you mean come right out?”

“It is literally. A quick charge takes 20 minutes in a high-gear world, and you can skip that process. In other words, 20 minutes have passed since I went in and came out.” Sirone blinked his eyes.

'Is time passing fast? Maybe this world... …

Communication was cut off and when Sirone entered the capsule, a wire came down and connected to the aircraft.

-Do you want to skip the charging process?

When I chose to agree, my eyes went dark, and power surged as if I had become electricity.

- High gear charging is over.

"huh?"

The capsule opened without any time to think about what had happened in an instant.

Death Princess was waiting.

"did you sleep well?"

It felt like less than a second, so Sirone looked around.

“Twenty minutes passed?”

"huh. in high gear hours. let's go. Now I have to upgrade my parts again.”

God of Destruction 707 laughed.

“Hehehe, this is a real luxury at our level. No, should I say luxury?”

The place I arrived at was the most luxurious building in the shopping district.

Sirone confirmed each other.

'Metal Genome.'

When I looked through the window, I could see that users with high levels were shopping.

“It's a company with technology that covers up to level 300. It's on par with Hwayoungsa, because the minimum parts specification there is over level 40. Anyway, the highlight is the Kite Grim Reaper series. Covers from level 20 to level 60. Of course, if you fill up the level 60 bell, it won't be the best in its class, but it's a spec that you won't lose anywhere.”

“In short, you mean that the parts you wear at level 20 will work at level 60, right? That's great. Maronsa’s bolt gun was out of balance even with a 10 level difference.”

“So it’s luxury. expensive instead. No, it's not just expensive, it's too expensive.”

As I entered, shaking my head, the branch manager ran quickly again.

“Welcome to the Metal Genome!”

Five minutes after that, Sirone and the others replaced their body parts with Grim Reaper series.

The design concept was a black bee in the tropics, and the sleek body, thin waist, and functional legs harmonized.

"this… … Really good.”

The level of output, durability was 7,000, and the firearm was also a beam series of energy bullets.

"haha! You know why it's luxury? Until level 60, this is a death god. I can't touch anyone.”

Death Princess packed her equipment in her bag.

“Even with the same energy bullets, the beam series consumes quickly. I'll keep replenishing it. Now let's go to the hunting grounds.”

At that time, a communication came from 707, the God of Destruction.

“Ask for assistance. Hostilities erupt in area Destroy-02. 5 minutes before the opening, it’s the group.”

"okay. wait."

Destroy-02 was a large hunting ground, and the average creature level was 47.

'These bastards were hunting for a party.' After calculating the efficiency of the hunting ground, he turned to Sirone with a smile.

“Shall we do a performance test?”