The sun rises at night (2)

What you want to die for will be anger, but what you do not want to live for will be close to emptiness.

As Sirone looked at the procession of people who had regained their hearts, a sudden thought came to mind.

'Which is sadder?'

“Aaaaaa! why did this happen to me? give it back! Give it all back!”

Those who had just said they wanted to live were now consumed with anger.

What are humans?

“I don’t know.”

Ntara said.

'Is there anyone who really wants to live? Whether we live, or whether we live.'

“Lord, man is a handicap. No matter how much you fill it up, it's like pouring water into a bottomless pot. They don't care about the sacrifices of others. Because it's basically asking for it.”

“I am human too.”

Otherwise, it will be just a signal.

“Of course I am human. human sacrifice. that's what i want to say Are you really okay? If someone doesn't take out the trash, it will end up being a garbage dump... … Is that enough? We also have the option of ruining it all.”

Sirone knew too.

After this huge sacrifice, what comes back is the expectation of wanting more, the disappointment and criticism that come from it, and perhaps even higher expectations.

“I have someone I love.” If you finish all the homework given to you, you will be able to laugh at least once.

“That is enough.”

same human.

'Let's think of fighting for me.'

It was not a role and pain that I could endure with the thought that I was doing something great.

I looked back at the people called Eunta.

Those who experienced countless futures in the human wave and finally felt the futility of life.

'Can I turn it back?'

Even if you want to live, you will want to die.

Will they be able to give their heart to reality while embracing the anger of life again?

"I could."

Sirone had no doubts.

“You will live again. Even if it survives, you will find it again.”

something to love

“First of all, we build a shield towards Delta. When the foil is completely burned, the underworld and reality will merge into one. It's a full-blown clash between good and evil. And above all... …

An explosion erupted where Sirone turned around.

“Ymir.”

An indescribable gigantic monster was growing on top of the building.

Euntara asked with a blank expression.

“Ymir… … Called?"

Rather than expressing the form, it was a terrible feeling of despair the moment I saw it.

“Yahweh, tell me. Is that good or bad?”

"well."

Sirone couldn't define it.

But maybe that feeling... … I wondered if it was something closest to existence.

5 minutes ago.

Ymir howled.

“Gaaaaa!”

The tears that the King of Giants shed were different from the tears of other creatures.

His temperament was becoming violent, to the point where he couldn't even feel the slightest bit of sympathy.

"more… …

Ymir bent over.

“Doo oh oh!”

The two collided again, and each time they were hit, their eyes flashed.

“Big!”

Rian also began to surrender to his instincts in a half-forced, clouded consciousness.

“Aaaaaaa!”

At the same time as Daejikdo hit his side, Ymir threw out his fist.

“Whoa!”

Ymir endured, and Lian also turned back his head, which had returned to him with the power of divine transcendence.

his face... … .

“Big!”

It was the demon itself.

Ymir felt an eerie thrill and pleasure at the same time.

“Quack.”

Enlightenment?

“You’re fucking.”

We're just fighting.

'Victory? What do you gain by beating someone? wealth? authority? honor?'

Just for those things... … .

“You don’t have to be this strong, you idiot!”

The moment the fist was slammed into the big sword, the shock wave spread in all directions.

“Yeah.｝Ah!”

As Ymir's combo attack began, Lian began to be pushed back for the first time since the start of the battle.

'strong.'

The only image of Ymir that pops into my mind while I'm in a daze is Kang Kang.

And inside you don't even know yourself.

' are you okay.'

The yaksha's voice, which could have been muddy, was coming up like an hallucination.

'I am stronger.'

Divine Transcendence - Asurabalbalta.

The afterimages of Asura, which had been destroyed by Ymir's regime, differentiated into a larger number.

“Hehehe.”

I was quite afraid.

And in the next moment, a relentless series of hits that even blew away fear came rushing in.

Ymir's eyes darkened.

'fun.'

It was polished only for this moment. What remains for them is the utmost respect for an opponent who has reached the same level... … .

'I am stronger.'

It was all about the low biological desire to trample that great opponent mercilessly.

'We are the same.'

It's just a beast.

Ymir wondered if this feeling he was feeling right now was what others had been saying.

orgasm.

“Uh uh uh?”

Every time Lian's great sword struck his body from all directions, something condensed.

“Uh… … Aaaaaaa!”

Something was boiling from the bottom, foretelling a certain explosion sooner or later.

'Divine transcendence!'

At the same time as Lian rotated, he struck Ymir's bent right forearm with a straight sword.

Uh-jik, uh-jik-jik.

The sword that broke his arm bone engulfed Ymir with half of his torso dented.

And Ymir... … .

“Gaaaaa!”

The second time, he let out a cry of joy and flew hundreds of meters before crashing into the ground.

Tess, who was watching from afar, shouted.

"it's okay! Ryan won!” It must have been a huge boon to mankind, but no one in the room opened their mouths.

Probably because they are also prosecutors.

“Is it real… …

Feeling the disbelief stares around him, Rai looked at Lian.

'How does it feel?'

Being the best at something.

said Klump.

“Lai, everyone has their own life. Don't make yourself unhappy.”

“Unfortunate.”

Well, if anyone could become a great swordsman, he wouldn't be a great swordsman either.

“Why, Grandpa.”

Rai asked.

“Why can't I even dream? Why was it Rian and not me?”

Luck, hard work, talent, limitations?

"well."

Since Lai is also a precious bloodline, Klump chose his words carefully.

But no matter how much I think about it, the conclusion remains

O......

"love."

Rai looked back in bewilderment.

"yes?"

“You don’t like swords.” “To be more precise, I don't like fighting. Of course there must have been a lot of fun moments, but now it's a bit sullen. Why? Do you feel your limits? Is the training hard? Aren't you out of luck? no."

said Klump.

"little… … you're fed up to the sword.” That's it.

“It’s withered. In the current position, in the current honor and people's attention... … . That's because you craved position, fame and attention. The sword itself was not a purpose, but a means to achieve something for you.”

Klumph pointed at Lian.

“Look at that guy.”

Even as he exhaled heavily, he did not take his eyes off the place where Ymir was impaled.

"Talent? effort?"

Clump raised an eyebrow.

“You look like you’re going crazy because fighting is fun.”

that's yaksha

Rai, who had listened to Clump's words to the end, turned his head with an unorganized mind.

"??????uh?"

And at that moment, an ominous haze began to rise from where Ymir was imprisoned.

“Gaaaaaaa!”

Ymir's screams flew through the air and pierced their eardrums.

“Keugh!”

It was a kilometer away.

However, the visual impact was so strong that even the pain in the ears was forgotten.

“I-what is that?”

Ymir's body rapidly proliferated and was changing into a bizarre form.

It must have some color, but it just looked black as if it was absorbing even the light.

“… … Is it the end?”

form of that feeling.

Ymir, who was growing endlessly, looked down at Lian, thrilled at the new level.

'thanks.'

The limits he had crossed for the first time in his life made him feel why humans train.

'That I can become stronger.'

Ymir, who finally found a full life, stopped becoming gigantic near Skyline.

“Whoa!”

In the next moment, his body rapidly condensed into the shape of the idea.

“Goaaaaaa!”

The only unrestricted right arm surged toward Lian on the ground.

“Big!”

In the huge shadow cast on the ground, Lian also raised his sword in the form of a demon.

The two eyes collide.

'Buddha on the battlefield.'

Ymir recognized Rian.

'A realization reached after experiencing all battles. Yeah, that must be really cool.'

but.

'Did Ymir experience it?'

Because Ymir's strength, which transcended limits, would be unheard of even for Buddhas in previous chapters.

“I win.”

Woo woo woo woo!

The moment the huge fist struck Lian down, the ground rippled and ground.

Deed deed deed! Deed deed deed!

When an earthquake occurred in downtown Jive, citizens packed their bags and rushed out.

“Aaaaaa! Save people!”

But they were frozen in place, unable to move for a few meters.

thud. thud.

Mountain-like giants were crossing the human barrier and entering the city.

"uh?"

The moment someone tries to express their feelings.

thud.

Dozens of humans were trampled like ants in a single step, followed by screams.

“Aaaaaa! help me!" Under the giant's legs, Girshin, who was at least human in size, held out his sword.

“Wipe it all away.”

Ymir's contract with Louver was theirs, and the giant destroyed the city in an instant.

“Yup!”

They trampled on people, pulled out buildings like toys, and threw them into the crowd.

“Hey!”

That time when people who saw a whole house blown up froze in place.

'Hand of God.'

A hand made of light grabbed the building and threw it back at the giant.

perseok

The giant, who had been hit right in the forehead, frowned and looked over the ground for the first time.

Sirone was standing with the Warrior of the South.

“Yahweh!”

When the citizen recognized the face shouted, everyone clung to Sirone.

“Get out of the way! I'm first!”

I understand their feelings, but I couldn't properly protect the citizens in this situation.

“Get away!”

The southern warriors shouted.

“Slow back! Being here is not something you can buy! We have to run away!”

"shut up! What are you?"

How to run away from a giant that walks tens of meters at a time?

Most of all, even in the midst of this, Sirone was bouncing off all of the giant's throws.

"Yahweh."

Girshin's expression crumpled.

Ymir said it was not fun, but to Girshin, play was not important.

“I kill.”

When the only 7th stage giant started to become gigantic, the body began to grow infinitely.

The voices of the fighting citizens died down at the same time.

What they saw was a creature that had grown beyond imagination.

Woo woo woo!

In an unrealistic situation where a storm can be created just by moving your legs slowly.

“Oh Dae-sung!”

A familiar voice was heard.

"huh?"

Sirone hurriedly looked behind him, but saw nothing but the scenery.

“Here it is! here r

Sirone lowered her gaze again, and her eyes turned bright.

"mini!"

Mini, as small as a squirrel, was running towards me, waving one hand vigorously.

And the next moment, as he passed Sirone, her body began to grow.

“I will take care of it.”

Ivory Tower 2-star Resident Twelve Mini.

Nickname is Super Giant.