Black Victory (3)

Emotional Disorder Case, No. 4-312.

A vicious monster lives in the underground mountains surrounding the Tormia capital.

“Haha! Haha!”

A monster named Human.

"it hurts. It hurts, I'm going crazy.”

The murderer, Richera, was a heinous criminal who kidnapped and killed a total of 23 women over four years.

However, he, who put countless people in pain, could not bear his own pain.

“Aaaaaaa!”

The moment my foot caught on the stone, I felt a shock as if my toe bones were being crushed.

"it hurts! damn it!”

When emotional illness reaches the middle stage, pain is 200 times higher than normal.

Giving up what you love might put off the pain for a while... … .

“Huh! Whoops!”

All that was left of him in tears was his own body.

'I'm hungry.'

Even though I felt 200 times the hunger, I couldn't go down to the city where martial law was declared.

Climbing the Eonggeum Eonggeum Mountain, he put himself into a cave, his hiding place.

"Help me. please… …

The last victim, designated as emergency food, was shivering while being tied to a rope.

"shut up."

A knife blade clutched in a blunt hand with severed knuckles ended the hostage's life.

The pleasure of killing has long been forgotten.

“Let’s eat, something to eat?????

The moment when the flesh of the body flowing with hot blood is cut and delivered to the hungry stomach.

“Kuaaa!”

My throat was hot like it was on fire.

The memory of abandoning the early days of emotional illness by giving up human flesh flashed through his mind.

'no no!,

Feeling pain was proof that you still love human flesh, and in that case, the threshold for emotional illness rises sharply.

“Aaaaaa! it hurts! Please stop!"

His screams reverberated through the cave, and the echo pierced his eardrums like an awl.

“Hee! Hee!”

He knelt down, clutching his sword, in pain beyond his endurance.

'rather… …

The tip of the blade he brought to his throat trembled, and hot tears flowed down.

"no. I don't want to die.”

Just because you are indifferent to the lives of others does not mean that your own life is insignificant.

“Huh! Whoa! Bastards! I will kill them all!”

Richera lowered the knife, placed it on her knuckles, and cut it like a guillotine.

.......

I raised my head in pain that didn't even scream, and then a scream erupted.

“Aaaaaaa!”

Still, the emotional illness does not go away.

Severe enough to be irreversible with just one finger.

“Porridge, I don’t want to die!”

One finger, then another, and that's how Richera repeated the harsh self-injury.

“Aaaaaaa!”

Three days later, the World Health Organization, with the assistance of the Tormia patrol, handed over the body.

At the time, when Seriel confirmed it, Richera's corpse was said to be terrifying to see with his eyes open.

A scream came out of Son Yoo-jeong's mouth as she was thrown off the moon and crashed onto the planet.

“Kuaaa!”

Son Yoo-jung's angry face was so wild that it reminded her of a monkey rather than a human.

Looking down from the moon, Nane smiled.

“Get enlightenment and come.”

As Son Yu-jeong entered the atmosphere, a fire burned like a match.

The clothes started to burn.

“Kill it! If you save my friend, I will definitely come back and kill you!”

In the first place, the goal was to go to hell, but the battle with the Buddha had turned the top of his head.

Nane wiped the blood flowing from his mouth.

“You still can’t come to your senses.”

Then, shaking her head and turning around, Son Yu-jeong's eyes lit up.

"you… …

Cuckoo Cuckoo!

At that moment, the landscape of the world changed, and the blue sky overlapped with clouds of flame.

"hell."

The sword of the sermon stuck in the pit of the stomach shattered like glass, filling her neck with a golden belt.

“Big!”

The appearance of the hand oil well falling several kilometers intact looked like a meteorite falling from a distance.

Aaaaaaaang!

Residents who heard the roar could see flames flashing on the horizon.

“Aww.”

Yu-jeong, a hand lying sprawled in the center of the crater, could not lift a finger.

'Buddha. You bastard.'

It was a gigantic shock wave that even the incarnation of the stone monkey, which was said to have the strongest durability, could not handle.

'I want to fight again.'

While I was thinking about that, a human poked out from above the crater.

“People, people.”

It was the demon of Richera who died in reality.

When Son Yoo-jung raised her head, a group of people appeared behind Richera.

Someone whistled.

“What is it, fashion?”

It was a naked woman with only one golden ring hanging around her slender neck.

'Long orphan.'

One hair can make clothes, but there was no shame in raw instinct anyway.

It was just that the familiar metal feeling that was weakly pressing down on my neck was annoying.

'This dog-like Buddha bastard! Why are you fucking with me again! what the hell am i

It's broken!' - Get enlightenment and come.

The largest man in the group showed up and kicked Richera in the butt.

"What are you doing? Get down quickly.”

“Hey!”

The spectators rolling down the slope burst into laughter.

"ha ha ha! Dumb guy.”

Lysera slumped face down on the floor, clenched her fists and swallowed her anger.

'Let's wait.'

Even Richera, who was called a monster in reality, was only a meek sheep among monsters worse than him.

'If you get caught wrong by them, you will suffer terrible things. Even dying is impossible.'

Richera saw.

A vicious criminal who has been crawling on the floor for 300 years with his limbs cut off for no reason.

“Hey, pretty girl. Can we help you?”

As soon as she finished speaking, Son Yoo-jeong lifted her feet and landed with a tumble.

"what? Do you guys like me?” I couldn't feel the dignity of a human being in the sitting position with the women's clothing hanging down.

“Everyone is ugly. I'm in a bad mood right now, so let's just fight. If you win, I'll do anything."

A moment of silence passed.

“Hey, you’re a fun woman. Then where... …

Before he could finish his words, Son Yu-jeong's thighs split and swelled with the texture of the muscles.

“What, what?”

Before he had time to react, her body shot like an arrow and shattered the man's head.

“One at a time.”

Sirone pointed forward.

“That’s Laviette.”

A vast city far outstripped the other structures on the horizon caught their eye.

“The city of magic engineering. It's huge.”

"yes. Hell society can be roughly divided into two. military and domestic affairs. Most of the demons who invaded the human world were soldiers. Of course, the Supreme Commander is Satan.”

“Then, is my affair different?”

“No, Satan's power is absolute. However, from a practical point of view, there is nothing to do. The territories of the Underworld are ruled by the nobles of the Internal Government.” Sirone opened his palm.

“They govern a wide territory in order of baron, viscount, count, marquis, and duke, and among them, the dukes who cover cities at the capital level are called grand dukes.”

“Then what about Laviette?”

“It's a grand duchy ruled by a demon called Magritte. As far as I know, when it comes to magic engineering, it is said to be the best in the world. It is said that there is no secret in the world that he does not know.”

Ryan felt uncomfortable.

"It's nothing special for you to praise the demons."

It was a fact, not a compliment, but Lian's words made sense.

“It must have a different feel from the army of hell. They invaded us anyway. However, the residents here live their own lives in this hellish society, just because the system is different.”

Sirone continued.

“Of course, that is never a good thing. Because demons are demons. But since Archduke Magritte understands Hell best, he should be able to get information about the Chains of Gehenna.”

“It’s okay if it’s because of me. It's my karma, so if I can handle it, it's enough. however… …

Ryan looked up at the sky.

“It will get dark soon.”

Just as water evaporates and becomes a cloud in reality, the sky here is also the ascension of fire from hell.

However, when night fell, the flames dissipated, and what came next was a terrifying cold wave.

“It would be nice to rest in the city for a day or so. If you overdo it, it will affect your mental strength.”

Sirone was worried.

Lian asked again as the two speeded up to Raviette.

“By the way, what is magic engineering? Coming this far, it seems like a mechanical device

I didn't see anything.”

“As you can see from the Wailing Wall, the logic of the world behind it is different from reality. The difference between the card game and the chess game is because the systems are different. In conclusion, there is engineering here too. but… …

Sirone hesitated for a moment.

“You won't like it. maybe."

When he arrived at the gates of Laviette, Jarian was able to understand Sirone's words.

"This?"

A wall similar to the one seen in the Wailing Wall surrounded the city.

“Guardian, a human has arrived.”

However, it was much more standardized, and the patterns with human faces were also consistent as if they were taken by a machine.

Lian was dizzy when he saw the arched glottis resembling a specific human body organ.

'It's terrible.'

On the left and right of the gate, two withered legs were decorated in a bent state.

'Still, it's over 10 meters. Are you really human?'

I could see two arms wrapped around the arch of the gate, and in the center of the arch was the face of an old woman with her eyes closed.

'Overall, it's the form of an old man squatting with his head clutched. but… …

The sense of location, as if it had been severed and placed far away, was extremely unpleasant.

"Yahweh."

The gatekeepers, who realized the unique temperament of the demons, lowered their voices as they pointed their spears.

“Where do you dare to come to find this place? very off Right now, before you hit the sashimi.”

“We are on our way to the chemical industry. And to Magritte, the owner of this place

I have business to do.”

"haha."

I was dumbfounded and laughed.

"So what? Did anyone even ask? I don’t understand, but for whatever reason, you can’t go in.”

“I can go in.”

The gatekeepers' shoulders twitched.

“Hell has no enemies, isn’t that the doctrine of Satan? I want you to let me go quietly before I forcefully pierce it.”

“Sniff!”

At any rate, when it collided with Yahweh, it was Raviet City that suffered losses.

'It is my role to reduce the damage to the city. I'd better send it off and follow the instructions from the superiors.'

The fact that there was life here, the inhabitants of the Underworld differed from the army of Hell.

“Open the castle gate.”

In the center of the arch, the old woman's little face opened her eyes to reveal the patient.

“Kkoaaaa 1”

Then, the arms came down like needles and began to insert their fingers into the castle gate.

Lian's eyebrows naturally crumpled at the shape as if he were tearing through his body.

“Kkoaaaaa! Aaaaaaa!”

The sound of flesh being torn was heard, and dark red blood poured through the walls of the castle.

In that state, I pulled my fingers left and right, and the gate of the press opened wide, and I heard a popping sound.

said the gatekeeper.

“There are no enemies in Hell.” Or everyone is the enemy.

“But Yahweh, you are an exception. You won’t be treated well even inside.”

“… … Let's go, Lian."

As Sirone moved calmly, Lian, who followed behind, smiled bitterly.

“Now I feel it.”

where the hell did you fall?