Warfare (5)

Amon, who was buried under the rubble of a building, appeared by lifting a rock the size of a house.

“Quack.”

The area hit by the photon cannon was deeply dented, and all the surrounding bones were protruding.

“Abominable Yahweh.”

He lightly tossed the huge wreckage and spread his arms with his tattered body.

“Do you know who I am?” In the stillness, Amon's voice resounded magnificently.

“I am hell.”

Numbers 1 through 10.

The direct lineage of Satan is special because it goes beyond the realm of an individual and is close to a system.

They are called the 10 plagues of Satan.

The demons call the catastrophe the Devil System, the Demon World, and once the Demon World is opened, the individual's consciousness completely disappears.

'Does it matter?'

it will be a disaster

“Resent your foolishness.” When the Pandemonium was opened, worm-like tentacles pierced through Amon's skin and wriggled.

The demons fled in fright at the sight of them proliferating and growing at a terrifying rate.

“The Pandemonium has opened!”

On the other hand, the humans watched in awe, unaware of the impending disaster.

“I-what is that?”

Kurleung! Kurleung!

Amon's legs took root and penetrated the ground, extending in all directions.

The building collapsed like a domino, and the proliferation of the main body increased as fast as the roots expanded.

Uorin's head turned toward the sky.

"oh my god… …

A tree large enough to dominate Kashan's capital was growing, twisting its black trunk.

A hole was drilled along the trunk, and tens of thousands of mouths of different shapes and sizes opened simultaneously.

“Huhhhhh!”

Uorin's shoulders trembled at the sound that was not in the world.

'That's obviously... …

Demon beast Argantis.

According to Theraze's memory, it was a long time ago that the Magyesu descended into the world.

The era when dragons and angels were in conflict.

Magyesu destroyed 7 ancient nations and sought endless expansion.

No one cared about humanity, which was still in its infancy.

In the end, humans were able to defeat the disaster after organizing a world allied force and killing a third of mankind.

'It's different now. but… …

Looking at Argantis climbing through the clouds, I thought that there was no future anymore.

"Oh God."

The humans who gave up even running away knelt down one by one and prayed.

It was the only thing I could do.

“Huhhhhh!”

The sound the demon made was truly terrifying, but Sirone was imagining something more than that.

'No creature can be this big.'

This is because planetary energy is limited.

'thus… …

The Demonic Beast, which took root in Kashan's capital, sucked in all the energy from the ground.

“God, please let me… … Gagging!” At the same time, the dehydrated humans collapsed on the spot, drying up like mummies.

The bottom of the building was covered with sand, and a rumbling and collapsing sound could be heard from all directions.

The number of deaths is approximately 20,000.

Even more terrifying was the fact that the Magyesu, which sucked up nutrients, was gradually increasing in size.

“Damn it!”

Sirone spread his wings and rushed in. Although the situation at the Ivory Tower was unknown, it was certain that Taeseong's condition would not be normal.

'Angel's Punishment!'

He raised the incarnation of the light angel to the maximum, but it was not even 1/100 of the number of demons.

bang! bang! bang! bang!

The window of light crashed down without a break.

'He doesn't even budge!'

The base of the demonic tree, which was 20 kilometers in diameter, looked like a barrier to Sirone.

“Huhhhhh!”

second absorption.

Tens of thousands of humans were turned into mummies again, and the ground covering the entire Kashan capital collapsed.

Pusssss!

A dust cloud the size of a city rose, blocking Sirone's vision.

'If left as it is, the world will end.' Demon beast Argantis.

It was a system equivalent to drought among Satan's 10 plagues.

'We have to get rid of it before it's too late!'

If it was a technical difficulty, it would be covered by learning, but in this case it was meaningless.

“Kill Yahweh!”

The voices of demons were heard in the dust.

As they fluttered their wings and retreated, the clouds cleared and the flying demons attacked in droves.

'Ataraxia!'

The amplified information accumulated in an instant unfolded in a huge circle in front of Shirone's eyes.

The Photon Cannon passed through Ataraxia right before the demons filled their eyesight and threw their spears.

“Kiaaaaa… …

The flash fired with a roar wiped out the demons and hit the trunk of Argantis.

“Aaaaaaa!”

The flash, amplified with the highest output, moved horizontally and scratched the trunk of the demon beast.

Kwa-kwa-kwa-kwa-kwa-kwa-kwa!

'You can't do this! More, stronger!'

People crouched down and covered their heads as the sound of an explosion from Argantis shook the heavens and the earth.

“Huh! Whoa!”

I felt like I was already in hell.

The energy of amplification disappeared when the flash of the Photon Cannon moved about 10 kilometers.

"ha! ha!"

The tree that had been grooved by the shock wave of the flash began to tilt sideways, unable to withstand its weight.

“T-fall down!”

When the top tilted 15 degrees, black branches vomited from the mouth on the back.

"Kwaeeeeeeeeeeee!"

Hundreds of thousands of black branches extended from the direction of fall to support the weight.

It was fast, but in the eyes of Sirone from afar, it just looked slow, which made it all the more disgusting.

“Huhhhhh!”

The argantis, which took root in a position as if touching the ground with one hand, sucked in nutrients again.

As the ground sank further down, the imperial castle Aganos shook precariously.

“Queen! We must go now!”

Wu Lin, who was guided by Fengzhang and flew up into the sky, shuddered at the sight of the ground.

The whole city was drying up.

“Huh!”

Taeseong knelt down in the temple of the earth, where no one was there, and hugged him with his arms.

It felt like drawing blood with dozens of syringes at the same time whenever the planet's nutrients were sucked.

'I can't do it. I have to stop it.'

As Gaia's incarnation, she has the ability to block the planet's energy cycle.

However, stopping the giant planet's engine was a last resort.

Not only does it take time to circulate again, but many places rot in the meantime.

'It's easy to destroy, but difficult to restore. I can still hold on. Tae-seong's shoulders were still trembling.

“Aaaaaaa!”

The planet's energy was sucked out with a suction force twice as strong as before.

“Quickly, quickly…” In Taeseong’s eyes, who checked the ground with a haggard face, he saw the four Daeseongs rushing quickly.

As the demons were slashed by Freed's blow, Kashan's capital came into view.

No, can it be called a human city?

“Damn it! Is that the corps commander?" Civilization had disappeared, and only a huge, black tree stood crookedly.

Said Minerva, who rode a jet and flew next to the running Freed.

“No, that is a phenomenon. disaster. It's the demonic system you said it didn't matter.”

Fried gritted his teeth.

“… … Okay, so stop grinding.”

said Amanta, who was sitting cross-legged on the spinning world wheel.

“Since there is no Buddha, there are things like that. What are you going to do anyway? It's a little too much to do by force."

Certainly, there seemed to be no easy way to solve it other than Nane's sermon.

“What can I do? Gotta try it. Let's find a way after joining Sirone.”

“There is a way.” Thing, with dozens of afterimages attached to his tail, approached as he was standing.

“If it is my law, the growth of the demon tree can be suppressed for a while. Then blockade the capital and blow it up.”

“Let's blow up the city? Where do you get the firepower?”

Amanta agreed.

“World wheel. The firepower should be sufficient at the expense of the city's population.”

"Sirone won't allow it?" said Fried.

“The bigger the number of demons, the more troublesome it is. How much sacrifice do you have to make? Aren’t they all dying anyway?”

"It's not a matter of numbers." Sing said while the five great stars remained silent.

“I will try to convince Sirone. If you don't follow us, we have no choice but to fight each other.”

When they finally penetrated the city, a different level of hell spread out compared to what they had seen from afar.

“Kkoaaaaa!”

People were drying up every moment, and the sky above the buildings was filled with demons.

“Sirone!”

Minerva increased the jet's thrust and soared into the sky.

“Mr. Minerva!”

Sirone, who was struggling alone, looked back at her with a tired face.

“How is it?”

“No matter how much I pour, it’s useless. Even if it is shocked, it sucks up nutrients and recovers.”

Minerva looked over at Thing and said.

“There is one way. Go down for a while and sing... …

“I know how.”

Sirone said without taking her eyes off Argantis.

“But you can't stop it that way. No, you can't win against demons.”

“This isn’t the time to argue about that.”

“Listen.”

To Sirone's words, Minerva listened quietly.

A whispered voice escaped from the countless mouths of Argantis.

"I want to eat. I want to eat more.”

“I will eat. I will grow up won't give it to anyone Only me, only me, only me!”

Minerva gulped at the many voices hidden in the screams.

“It is a demon created by humans. If I turn the world wheel and destroy the city, that monster will surely disappear... …

The hatred of the people who were sacrificed here will become demons again and bring even greater disasters.

“I agree with that statement.”

Suddenly, Thing was approaching.

“But it is also true that if we cannot block it now, we will have to pay a bigger sacrifice. This is the best option.”

Sirone bit his lip.

“There are ways to destroy the city without sacrificing humans.”

Sirone turned to Thing.

“How long can you last?”

“At the current size… … Maybe about five minutes?”

Fried shouted as he slashed the huge roots exposed above the ground with his sword.

“Whatever it is, do it quickly! Keep growing!”

Any further thought was a luxury.

“Please leave it to me. I'll try.”

As Sirone and Minerva descended to the surface, Thing looked at Argantis.

“… … It is an illusion.”

With her eyes on the demonic number that revealed the size of her imagination into reality, she slowly raised her hand.

“Forbid drinking. It inhibits predation and inhibits digestion. Forbids activity, forbids freedom.”

The law of Singh began to crush the law of Argantis.

“Huhhhh!”

cringe cringe

When the nutrients were suddenly cut off, the huge branches twisted viciously, like bones breaking.

"blast furnace??????

Thing said, holding out the bracelet he was wearing on his wrist.

“I forbid all of you.”

law, enforcement.

"Quaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!" Those who lost their minds due to the screams that came out of the demon's mouth all at once appeared one after another.

“Big.”

Law is a seesaw game.

Singh's face was also slightly wrinkled by Argantis' miserable struggle.

While fighting the demons, Minerva looked at the situation.

'Anyway, I bought some time. But in what way is that monster O...'

She looked back at Sirone and her eyes widened.

'Ataraxia!'

With a huge magic circle floating above her head, Sirone frowned and calculated something.

"no way??????

Sirone's eyes widened.

'It's here!'

A huge red beam soared at the speed of light, piercing the sky and reaching into space.

As mass condensed at high altitudes, a grayish spear with a mass of 10 tons began to form.

“Shining Spear!”

Gaold called it divine punishment.