[13] The first step towards the dream (5)

Ryan spits out the water he was drinking. In the middle of the night, not even Hongdu, but Sirone is in danger. She was even more embarrassed because she was about to pick up a friend who was leaving in a few hours.

“Sirone? What is it?”

"that is… … excuse me… … .”

“Tell me quickly! What happened!”

“Looks like Deacon Lewis has sent a report to the head of the household. I don't know, but I heard that the young master and a boy named Sirone were like friends... … .”

“Damn it!”

Lian immediately picked up the clothes that had been dried on the rock and put them on. Kite, who was watching her, asked her.

“What is it? Who else is Sirone?”

“I am a friend. I didn't tell you because I'm a commoner, but Louis must have told me. Messy child! Master, today's training ends with this. I need to go to the mansion.”

"no. It can't be.”

Lian, who was about to leave the gymnasium, looked back at Kite with an absurd face.

“What are you talking about? Your friend is in danger.”

“Didn’t you say you were a commoner?”

“What does that matter? Master, were you that kind of person? Master did too! Anyone who can talk with a sword can be a friend!”

Kite clicked his tongue. The immature disciple ended up having an accident. I don't know the details, but since he's lived for a long time, a rough outline was drawn.

“What are you going to do when you go back? Are you going to make a mess? Or do you intend to change her father's heart with some tricks?”

“Master!”

“Rian, anyone can be a friend. But that's between you and the boy. The four friends were a direct challenge to the Ogent family's hierarchy. Fooling around is not going to work.”

“You mean to be still? I reached out to Sirone first. I don’t want to be a coward!”

Kite stared into his pupil's eyes. really nice eyes There is no falsehood, passion, and above all, pure. 

Kite released his beloved sword from his waist and handed it to Lian. As the sword approached, Lian's heart skipped a beat. I didn't know what to do with this, but the meaning was clear.

It was said that if you want to save your friend, you must be prepared to draw your sword.

“If you can enter the mansion with this sword, I will let you go. But if you're not that determined, don't move from here. It has already left your hands.”

“Master.”

A warm smile appeared on Lian's lips as he looked at Kite. As she respectfully bowed her head and held out her hands, Kite silently handed over her sword.

"thank you. I will never forget this grace.”

“Remember. To abandon a friend is to abandon another you.”

"yes!"

Rihanna strapped her sword to her waist and ran toward the mansion. Kite looked at him happily. Ended up with this. The time to say goodbye came a little early, but it was fortunate that we were able to part with a manly appearance.

May the student's future be prosperous.

* * *

A chilly aura pervaded the mansion. Work was stopped, and the butlers and maids remained in their seats without making a sound of footsteps.

Behind the sofa where the immediate family members were sitting, Louis, the butler, adjusted his glasses. Next to him, the sub-butler, Temuran, was glaring at Sirone with a twisted gaze.

It was Sirone, who was kneeling in front of her immediate family, receiving countless hostile and contemptuous glances. It felt like I was in the middle of the Colosseum. 

“Deacon, report.”

“Yes, my lord. Sirone, hired by Temuran, is accused of scorning the authority of the Ogent family while living there for a year and a half. Numerous butlers have witnessed Sirone get along with the youngest Bocchan, and I have also heard Sirone speak carelessly to the Bocchan. The detailed circumstantial evidence will be attached to the testimony of the butlers prepared by Temuran.”

Bischoff silently passed his hand behind his back. Upon receiving the papers Lewis delivered, he is good! good! Roughly turned over the folder. 

While her father was reading the documents, Reina sneaked up to Sirone and whispered to her.

“Sirone, don’t worry too much. I'll try to convince my dad. Nothing will happen.”

Sirone's face, which slowly lifted his head, was very unconcerned. So, I was rather appalled. Even in this situation, it was an expression that could not be found to be anxious.

'I'm not pretending to be calm. I'm not really afraid.'

Sirone was not afraid. Currently, his mind was floating outside the cliff. The future is just an illusion. Nothing has been decided yet.

After looking through the papers, Bischoff opened his mouth. As a black-haired person, he had a pale impression, and his voice had an aura that made people freeze.

“Arian sirone, is what is written in this document true?”

“Dad, Sirone and Lian… … .”

“Raina, I didn’t ask you. I will give you a chance to speak. Be still now.”

Reina didn't think it was easy. Bischoff, whose strength is based on principle and cool-headedness, was not a person who could be persuaded with emotion.

“There is something I would like to ask you.”

Sirone said in a calm voice. The butlers who watched the unusual calm were surprised, but it did not work on Bischoff.

“Tell me.”

“If me and the youngest son are friends, what will happen to the youngest son?”

Even though she was in danger of dying, Reina's face turned into a lovely one at Sirone's kindness, who worried about her friend first.

“It has no effect. Now, this is the place to interrogate you, a commoner. No matter what crime Lian committed, as long as it is a family matter, we will protect and protect Lian.”

There were thorns in Bischoff's words. He was telling me not to think that he would treat a nobleman's son the same as a commoner.

But Sirone was satisfied with that. She shook off all her worries, and with her bright smile on her face, she obediently told her truth.

“I'm glad then. Ryan and I are good friends. We have built a great friendship over the course of a year and will continue to do so.”

No one showed it, but Sirone's words caused a big wave. In particular, when the half-doubt turned out to be true, the shock of the butlers who lived together was enormous.

The son of a noble family and the son of a mountaineer have been friends for a year. Something that would only appear in a play actually happened.

“The family’s authority has fallen to the ground. Sirone, as the head of the Ogent family, I will execute you.”

"dad! Wait a minute and listen! You said you would give me a say!”

“I confessed to myself. It's pointless to waste any more time. butler.”

“Yes, my lord.”

“Execute Sirone's execution. Also, this should never leak outside.”

"All right."

Rayna was in a hurry. Even in this situation, the unconcerned Sirone was resentful.

But how can it be prevented? Until now, he had never once reversed the decisions his father had made as head of the household.

“Whoever wants to be executed!”

I opened the door of the mansion as if to break it open, and Lian stormed in. It felt like the temperature in the mansion was rising just by appearing.

It was because everyone knew Lian's personality, and that was the power of fire that Lian possessed.

"Who's going to execute a friend without my permission?"

"grow."

Bischoff cut it off.

“Why are you doing that? You didn't commit a mortal sin, you just became friends!”

“It is not necessary to commit a mortal sin to die. The situation of the nobility is complex. Because you are dealing with that complex situation, you too have grown up receiving preferential treatment as a son of a nobleman.”

"If it's a privilege to get by killing a friend, I'll refuse it!"

"You're immature, Lian. A friend is someone who shares sympathy on an equal footing. Will that child consider you a friend? how do you believe that For example, let's say you approached for money. Even so, you wouldn't know that. Are you saying you can still trust that child?”

“Sirone is not a child who does such lowly things!”

“So how do you believe that? Show me proof that Sirone is not that kind of kid.”

Reina, who was listening to the conversation, bit her lip. He was caught up in Bischoff's rhetoric. There is no evidence that Sirone is a true friend. Whether he approached with black feelings or with friendship, Sirone's attitude would be the same.

Lian also felt a chill at his father's logic. cold. Proof that you are her friend. It was so cold that I felt like I would freeze. 

Lian grabbed the jingeom he wore around his waist. Master's heat was transmitted through his hands.

"Ha ha ha ha ha!"

And smiled reassuringly. It was because he realized Master's true intentions. It wasn't a real sword handed over for foolishness.

"I can't stand Dad either. You almost skipped over it. evidence? i believe Even if Sirone doesn't think of me as a friend, Sirone is my friend as far as I believe. That is clear evidence!”

This time Bischoff was hot. Anyway, what Lian said was also true.

“So you're going to disobey the head of the household? It's not a father-child issue. If you disobey the family head's order, you may be expelled from the family.”

Bischoff camped in multiples. To have his son exterminated. Not only the butlers, but even the immediate family members were taken aback by this remark.

But Ryan didn't blink an eye. As if he were dealing with a superior who was not his family, he expressed his will with unprecedented courtesy.

“If I have to endure excommunication to protect my friend, I will accept it with a smile.”

bang!

Bischoff hit the floor with his boot. He couldn't tolerate it. A son who is only 17 years old, willing to risk excommunication? It was foolish. It's a shameless act. It is to use force to exploit the weakness of parent-child relationship.

“Pull out your sword. Suffering excommunication would mean abandoning one's own family, right? If you really want to be friends, risk your life.”

Ryan drew his sword. That action angered Bischoff even more.

“Are you really going to point a knife at Abby?”

“It is not a sword to cut my father. It is a sword to defend the faith.”

“Since when did you value your friends? You didn't even fit in with the aristocrats your age. It's because they looked shiny. You are taking solace by sacrificing a commoner who is inferior to you.”

"no. This time, my father was wrong. Sirone is a friend who shines brighter than me. I want to help Sirone shine more.”

Bischoff was devastated. What is that child all about? What kind of words did the simple ignorant son fall for?

“Is it you? Did you make Ryan like that? Did you convince me that commoners and nobles can be friends?”

Even though the family was on the verge of falling apart, Sirone remained calm.

"yes. I said so.”

Lian stood in front of Sirone and said.

“Sirone, stay still. I'll take care of it. No matter what happens to you... … .”

“Rian.”

Sirone interrupted Lian. Lian looked back with a puzzled expression at the cold tone he hadn't heard before.

“You are responsible for what you are responsible for.”

The tone of voice, the tone of voice, the attitude, the intention behind the words. Everything was cold enough to compare with Bischoff. Not only the family, but even Lian felt the cold.

"uh? that, yes of course."

"but… … .”

Sirone continued.

“You don’t have to take responsibility for things you shouldn’t be responsible for. We've always done everything together and we've come this far. We just have to overcome this time together.”

As if it had never happened, Sirone's face turned friendly.

"Even if I die, I won't regret being friends with you."

Sirone's last words caused Lian's heart to explode. Tears welled up. At this point, she was nowhere to be seen.

"That's right! Even if I get kicked out, we're still friends!”

The butlers began to stir. Cynical at first, they now had no idea whose side to take.

---------------------------------------