Fanaticism (4)

At Blitz's suggestion, the 11 apostles who were listening in the background did not object.

It was reasonable for them to prove their readiness to die or to fight all 12 apostles.

'Attack me one by one in order.' On the other hand, Miro was in a bad mood. I won't take it naked

However, there was no counterattack at the time the opponent attacked.

'If I refuse... … practice at that time.

It is to be hit and run with the 12 apostles.

'I want to choose the latter.'

Regardless of the outcome of victory or defeat, when will another opportunity come to experience such a battle as a single mage?

'But I have to go to the Central Continent right now. This is not the time to build up your ego.'

Having made a decision, Miro raised her hands.

“Okay, hit me cool. I'll get you right.” Zulu has arrived.

"maze."

“Stand back. you know He's not an opponent to provoke by breaking the rules clumsily.”

As true as it was, Zulu gave up the claim and took a contingency plan.

'12 apostles. They were once against the archangel. At least make it a getaway... …

He flew long distances with Kydra, but he still had the mental strength to cast Posmetry once.

It was unknown whether it would work for the 12 apostles.

"What are you doing? Have you already learned philanthropy after singing Sirone's song? come in." Blitz looked back.

“Who will go first?”

"I'll do it."

It was a woman who shaved off half of her red hair and wore three piercings on her left lip.

She was wearing leather tights that showed off her voluminous body, and a long zipper was visible along the centerline of her body.

Miro's eyes watched her.

"maybe… …

The Fire Dragon, Infercus.

It was a dragon that was also the model for the last 10 steps in Sirone's graduation exam.

How many spectators at the time cursed the developer who set up Infercus as a pervert?

'It's not a pervert. Rather benevolent.'

Even though she transformed into a human, the energy she faced in real life was at a level that simulation could not materialize.

'That monster hit me?'

Infercus, who had jumped down the rock, suddenly stopped and looked back.

“I’ll do it first, don’t you have any complaints?” The light dragon Phaeton winced.

“What if I have a complaint? If it's not first in the order, you're going to fuck again, right?" Inpercus moved again.

“That's why I asked. It’s better to do it now than to do it later.”

Approaching the maze, she said.

“Let’s do it quickly. Because each other is busy.”

Miro's cheeks trembled as he raised the corner of his mouth, and the incarnation of the Thousand Hands Guanyin unfolded.

The 12 apostles raised their heads at the sight of Guanyin soaring to the top of the sky.

All of them are masters of battle, so the fact that you can realize is... … .

'Certainly that must be tricky to attack.'

Poine, the venomous dragon, spoke in the soft voice of an old woman.

“When you fight an opponent you don't know, you usually start with your senses. Either open the door with what you do best, or attack the weak part of the opponent for some reason. But that Kannon... …

Poine laughed happily.

"You're making me not even think about it."

There are no blind spots.

It's perfect in every direction, no matter what standard you put in, so you don't even want to attack first.

Zulu murmured.

“All-sky projection.”

Bake all things at the top of the universe

It was the sight of the Thousand Arms Guanyin.

"anyway… …

Inpercus raised his fist in front of his eyes.

“Can I do it?”

Then, as he spread his fingers, a huge stream of fire erupted, and a hot wind that seemed to cook his skin swept everywhere.

Miro took a deep breath.

"are you okay. It's not a breath."

There were no specific rules, but it seemed that Inpercus was not going to solve the shape transformation.

"Goes."

Manipulating a ball of fire that burned like the sun at the top of the sky with the palm of his hand, Infercus took a step forward.

“Great!”

Miro's nose wrinkled. A pillar of fire fell from the sky as if the world had been turned upside down.

30 minutes later.

The place where all the 12 apostles left was no longer a rocky area.

Gangnan and Zulu threw themselves as layers of soil, which must have been accumulated tens of thousands of years ago, were revealed.

"maze!"

The two who arrived were speechless.

Miro, who was sitting on one knee, was trembling with his face covered with both arms.

His sleeves were burnt, his arms covered in blood, and one foot buried deep in the ground.

“I lived.”

I was trembling at the current result because I had watched all the attacks of the 12 apostles while biting my lip until blood flowed.

'I threw it away. He said he endured.'

I honestly don't like her, but I feel awe as a human being when this happens.

“Mr. Miro.”

The moment you approach her while using honorifics for the first time in a while.

“Aaaaaaa!”

Miro jumped up and screamed.

“You bastard lizards! Kill them all!”

The moment Miro kicked off the ground and ran, Kang Nan hugged her by the waist.

“Hold on! Be patient!”

“Let go! I can't live being beaten up like this! I will go and pay you back!”

As the maze fell forward, the weight carried on it made it possible to know the strength.

He was no longer in a state where he could fight.

'Well, I couldn't do anything and just accepted it.'

When I looked at the maze without expressing myself, tears welled up in her eyes.

“Huh, Mr. I'm really sad.”

The reason why Miro under the world endured it to the end even though she was angry enough to bring tears to her eyes... … After all, it will be humanity.

'It's a polar line.'

Until now, I had hated Miro for not understanding Gaold's feelings, but now suddenly.

'Because she's like this.'

I wondered if Gaold was trying to help her, even enduring the terrible pain.

Gangnan said softly.

“Go to the Central Continent.”

“… … It happened like this.”

Iruki, who had been listening to Miro's story in a daze, came to his senses after a while.

“So you're late? Because you were hitting the 12 apostles one by one?”

"okay. I was going to come quickly, but there was no place where my socks didn't hurt. I guess I'm getting old too.”

Miro, who had been pretending to be sick, corrected her expression.

“Anyway, I heard about it. elemental bomb. He's definitely a friend of Sirone's. You came up with a really cute strategy.”

A shadow fell over Iruki's face.

“If Sirone knew, he would be angry.”

Miro did not deny it.

“So do you regret your current choice?”

"no. I will. The resolution is already over.”

Miro nodded.

"good. After all, isn't that the only way to defeat evil? During World War II, human power was extremely weakened. Let's take a walk here. I will help you too.”

The reason why it is easy to speak of a terrible tragedy is that you are included among the victims.

“So, there is something suspicious about it.”

Iruki pointed to the map of the battlefield.

“As long as Mayray is there, information will never leak out. Mudeungryong's log is only handed down to Sirone. Until then, no one could read it because it was in eternal sleep.”

“Hmm. however?"

“We are going according to strategy. But what to say, backlash? There is such a reaction.”

Iruki squeezed his index finger with the other hand.

“It feels like something is beating inside the enemy, as if you can feel the pulse in your veins.”

“You mean you noticed?”

“It’s embarrassing because it’s not to that extent. Harvits has two paths. To go straight ahead, bypassing Tormia. Bypassing and hitting the baska. Going straight is good because it's convenient, and if you take a detour, there's a toy called Bashukara. In my opinion, with a slight shock, the armies of hell should be redirected to Baska. However, the bending feeling is smaller than expected.”

“Hmm. It's subtle, right? Doesn't shocking them cause backlash, and it doesn't seem like they're refusing to go to Basuka?”

"yes. Looking at the military as an organism, the current emotion is close to conflict. It could be that there is a disagreement internally, or it could be that you have a gut feeling but only a few know.”

“Then now is the time. The more suspicious the opponent is, the more difficult the inducement is.”

Iruki thought it was a relief that Miro didn't need to explain.

"yes. this place."

The baton pointed to the north of the flower field.

“Please make a shockwave here. It should be bent at least 11 degrees.”

Miro laughed.

“Is it an analogy?”

"yes."

It is not a strategy that can only be explained from an angle.

“It’s good because it’s intuitive. Got it. Me and Zulu, if it's Gangnan, 11 degrees or more will be possible.”

Miro stood up.

“Then, work hard.”

Iruki looked at Miro's back and asked.

"why?"

Miro turned around, but the next words came a little later.

“You don’t say anything, do you?” “I know you hate evil. But good people die too. Why? no way? Because you will die too?”

"I'd like to grab a straw."

Iruki's eyes twitched.

“You probably want to hear something similar to the correct answer. Even the words of a psychopath. No, I'd rather hear the full amount of criticism.”

The maze moved as if taking a walk.

“But there is no one to talk to, and only silence surrounds you.”

Iruki's head slowly lowered.

“Also, that is my answer.”

When Iruki raised his face again, Miro gave him a pitiful look.

“I did too. When the 20-member committee met, most people were silent.”

Only Gaold shouted incessantly.

“It was sad and savage. Humans look like monsters. But after being on the dimensional wall for 20 years, I suddenly thought of this. Maybe mankind was quiet for the first time then.”

silence.

“I hate to admit it, but there are some questions that cannot be answered. It is human arrogance to believe that all problems can be answered. At that time, humanity and intellect were pale. Before a question without an answer.”

Miro smiled as if letting go of the sadness of the past.

“From the start, there was nothing to resent or get angry about. If I had rejected the committee's decision, it would have gone that way again. So, would mankind perish? It's unknown. It's just the past."

Miro kissed Iruki on the top of his head.

“Right now, you are standing alone in an unknown world where no one has ever set foot. It will be painful, but there is no need to be afraid. Wherever you go, it will become a road, and people will gather along that road to open a new world. That's why I, too, as a human being... …

Stepping backwards, Miro kissed the index and middle fingers and held out to Iruki.

“I am silent about your choice.”

Iruki's two fists spontaneously gained strength.

"thank you."

What a blessing it is for those who have experienced the unknown world before to exist in this world.

"remember. Now you are the master of the world.”

The door closed, and Iruki calmly closed his eyes.

The silence Miro spoke of did not mean support, opposition, or neutrality.

'A choice only for me.'

Whatever you choose will be the first, and a new future will be born from it.

“Whoa.”

As the overheated brain cools down for a while, Iruki sleeps for about 3 minutes for the first time in a long time.

could take