[334] Midwinter Night (5)

Sirone squeezed Amy's hand tightly.

“Amy, you are strong. than anyone I know. I will definitely find a solution Because it has always been that way.”

Amy looked back at Sirone's face. She felt electricity run through her body the moment their gazes collided.

The sight of the moonlight, the sound passing through the walls, and the touch of Sirone through her hands made her heart beat.

Just as if the things that made you shudder at the mere sight of your eyes a moment ago were lies, hot courage welled up in the hearts of the two.

'Sirone... … .'

Amy had to make a choice.

Another hellish year was given.

Having already experienced one defeat, the only thing she had to worry about was the achievement of magic.

However, it was the first time since I was born that I wanted to rely on someone so much and wanted to lean on them.

I had neither the strength nor the confidence to overcome it alone.

Even at this moment of silence, Sirone is looking at herself with an unwavering gaze.

You have to cross the river of no return.

If he turned his gaze away even here, Sirone would have left his side.

In order not to lose Sirone, you must accept it.

Amy thought she had finished her resolution. But at the same time, a new wave of hesitation flooded her.

selfish thoughts.

Even if you don't choose anything, even if you coldly pretend you don't know, is it greed that you want me to stay by your side like before?

'Only one year... … Can't you just give me one more year? Can't you just stay like this until then so that I can make a careful decision?'

Amy slowly withdrew her hand. If this disappointed him, it was a hand he would never have let go.

Amy's heart was filled with ridicule.

'what? Are you done with your commitment? liar.'

I knew the truth.

That Sirone would wait.

I couldn't help it even if I cursed at him for being selfish. Graduation exams and sirone, none of which Amy could not give up.

“Thank you, Sirone. I'm glad you're here.”

After spitting out the words, Amy wanted to hide somewhere.

The choice of words is such an insincere answer.

However, Sirone smiled kindly, just as Amy had expected.

“That goes for me too. Let's work hard.”

Sirone gave Amy a firm grip on her shoulders and went back to her seat, laying the sleeping bag on the floor.

Amy was relieved. She felt as if she had returned to a past where nothing had happened before.

However, Sirone's eyes with red eyes reminded him that it was reality.

How long can you wait for yourself?

Contempt for herself and apologetic feelings for Sirone were tangled in Amy's eyes.

* * *

past midnight.

Zocre and the others were in a drunken state.

Still, he wasn't satisfied, so he bought a large bottle of wine and snacks from a store and settled down in an empty lot around the fortress.

Zocre opened a bottle of strong whiskey and poured it into the glasses in front of Ludvans and Vivian.

Finally, having filled his glass, he passed the drink without even toasting.

“Wow, that’s very poisonous. What are you doing? Aren't you going to drink?"

Ludvans asked anxiously.

“Aren’t you drinking too much? What are you going to do tomorrow?”

“Tch, if you feel sick, stay at the dorm.”

Vivian dipped her lips in her glass and looked up at the night sky.

“Haa, there’s nothing wrong with graduating. Before graduation, I thought I could really have a lot of fun. Not even men are twisted.”

Zokre pointed at himself with his thumb.

“We are men too.”

“Oops, Arthur. Are you going to hit me with that face?”

"haha! Vivian, you're not pretty either.”

Ludbarns agreed.

“Yes, pretty should be as good as that Amy.”

Zocre's expression crumpled.

"shit! I remembered again! How dare you ignore us? They haven't even graduated yet!”

“By the way, what happened to you and Amy? She didn't have to chase her to the rink. Such trivial actions are looked down upon by them.”

Then, Vivian also waited for an answer as if she was curious.

Certainly, at the skating rink, Zocre was more excited than usual.

Zokre intended to carry the events of his 13-year-old life with him to his grave. But when the alcohol got in, his mouth itched.

In fact, it was not a big deal to others, but it was an unbearable humiliation to the person concerned.

“I confessed to Amy right before I transferred to Eins.”

Vivian made a fuss at the unexpected words.

“Oh, really? so? So how did it go?”

“I don’t like it.”

“No, no?”

"okay! They say they hate me! Thank you for your heart, but it's not a word that starts with , you're a good kid, but it wasn't. It wasn't even a lie that there was a guy I liked! They just hate it!”

"Oh my, that's really mean!"

“You are arrogant.”

Vivian and Ludvans threw one word at a time.

Zokre recalled that time and clenched his fists.

“You know what annoys me the most? That's what I answered at the time. 'Yeah, I'm sorry.' I will never forget the humiliation of that time for the rest of my life.”

Vivian clicked her tongue.

“Anyway, the smooth-faced kids only know themselves? hey hey! rather good How big is the kid? We became wizards. Zocre! you won! now! drink."

Zocre passed the whole bottle Vivian was pouring. His throat felt as if it were burning, and a fire welled up in his stomach.

But I felt fine. Still, the only people he could rely on were his friends.

What if it's not a prestigious school?

I met a person I could relate to, so I had no regrets or remorse.

Zocre and his party served as a side dish for Zocre's gruesome past, and continued to drink.

Then the world started spinning.

The winter wind howled and passed over the snowfield.

Suddenly, no one spoke.

Everyone knows that no matter how comforting you are, the truth will not change in the end.

Zocre couldn't beat Amy.

Vivian bent back and touched the ground. Her eyes looking up at the sky were already open.

He let out a breath full of heat.

“Actually, what? Alpheas Magic School is one of the 5 most prestigious schools in the kingdom, and once you graduate, you can at least get a job at an authorized institution.”

Zocre and Ludvans silently agreed.

Becoming a wizard does not mean that everyone gets a job under the same conditions. The rank and connections of the aristocracy cannot be ignored, but since it is a merit-oriented society, the treatment is stark according to origin.

Anyone working in the wizarding community knew that there was a difference in competitiveness between prestigious schools and regular schools.

So it was only natural that the treatment was different.

said Ludbarns.

“Anyway, we graduated from magic school and became wizards. That's great too. Wizards who didn’t even graduate from school and just learned a single spell are all over the world.”

Whether you graduate from school or join a guild, the certificate you receive is non-official, so there is no difference.

Even so, the reason why students put their neck on the school was to engrave a line of school name in the khan of the license.

In fact, the level of magicians whose guild name was engraved in their place of origin had fallen to the point that Zocre and his party could make fun of them.

But that fact was no consolation.

On top of those from school, there are those from prestigious schools. And their ground task was a certified wizard license.

The wizards of the guild are also treated as pros because they make money with magic, but the only way to be recognized as a wizard in the kingdom was to obtain an official license.

However, not everyone can obtain a certified wizard.

Because it is one of the five major exams in the kingdom, the competition rate is enormous, and all talented wizards from all over the country gather.

Admission to a prestigious magic school, promotion every year, passing the graduation exam, taking the certified wizard exam and passing. You have to take this course to be treated as an elite in the wizarding society.

So, from the starting point, it was impossible to flirt with the other Zocre and his party, saying that they were only above the guild wizards.

Zokre shouted as he drank from the bottle.

"shit! We don't care if others get licenses from the guild or not. After all, everyone at work is a wizard. Besides, our boss must have graduated from a prestigious school. look at dante He said he broke professional wizards ever since he was in the Royal Magic School.”

“But isn’t that just gossip in the journal submissions section?”

Zokre's tongue gradually twisted.

“What do you know? It's the same anyway. We have to compete on resumes with the top 5 kids in the kingdom. Would you vote for us in the association's main body? Besides, we're not even the highest aristocrats. In the end, you become 9th grade while chasing others, work like a dog and become 8th grade, and after about 10 years like that? All of the graduates of prestigious schools have already reached the 6th grade and will be sitting in the manager’s seat.”

It was a word that came out while drunk, but it was not a lie. In the end, accepting the reality, Vivian nodded his head.

"but. Besides, prestigious schools are not the end. Even there, the kids who graduate with the highest grades rise to the 6th grade within 2-3 years. What are you saying to us?”

Zocre said while pointing his finger.

“You know what annoys me more? Such geniuses eventually become teachers and are assigned to prestigious schools? It's the inheritance of talent. Because genius teachers teach, geniuses come. In short, we cannot even dare to intervene.”

Little by little, the elixir began to mix with Zocre's words, but they weren't entirely wrong.

Of course, there are those who have risen to the top of the wizarding society among ordinary school graduates.

However, such singularities lose their meaning in the face of the magic of average.

Those who graduated from ordinary schools are inferior to those from prestigious schools.

This was the only orthodoxy recognized by the world.

The pessimistic stories that sprang out of the mouths of Zokre and his party continued to hover around the drinking party, not going away even in the wind.

When I was in school, I thought it wouldn't matter if I became a wizard. However, once he became a wizard, his earnest heart disappeared like a mirage and a new worry arose.

Looking at the stars, Vivian said a thought that came to her mind.

“Have you ever thought about this? It's as if this world is a play. We live our lives, and someone is watching us.”

Zocre and Ludvans turned to Vivian.

“If that were the case, I would never be the main character. The audience will never want my success. You probably won't even be interested. Get out of here, no, maybe you want me to die.”

Zocre looked at Vivian pitifully.

He was a sensitive friend since childhood. But what was truly heartbreaking was the fact that these remarks were not just out of drunkenness.

Maybe what she said is right.

“What are you worrying about? Life is not a play. that no one knows And no one cares about you.”

“But it is. Sirone, Dante, and Amy. Do they know how much we wanted to be like them? I don't know. They just get along with each other. Maybe we didn't have a place to intervene in the first place. Like an extra in a play.”

The atmosphere at the drinking party became extremely depressing.

In particular, Zocre couldn't stand it because he was so pathetic that he couldn't refute Vivian's words.

"shit! what! It's a graduation celebration trip! We passed! You became a wizard! I mean we won! All in all, meet the unlucky children!”

Zocre put the spout of the bottle in his mouth and blew on the nabal. The strong drink flowed down his throat.

---------------------------------------