[28] What Money Can't Buy (3)

Amy was also satisfied with that part. Rumors spread that she had not only dated her, but even had her lips stamped, so men were probably shocked.

“What are you going to do today? When are you going to see Sirone? huh? huh?"

"I don't know. We decided to focus on studying for the time being.”

A feeling of sadness came out of Amy's tone.

'No matter how fake the relationship, rumors spread like this, how can you be so calm?'

Her pride was hurt by Sirone's wooden-stone attitude. He's not a princess, but every time he looks in the mirror, he thinks that this isn't the kind of look he's going to fall for. However, Sirone seemed to be completely uninterested in her studies. Even if it's a fake relationship, it's definitely an official couple. She herself is a woman, so even so, shouldn't a man be a little conscious?

"I don't know! I wouldn't mind either. I have a lot to do, so where are you selling your mind?”

“Are you sad too? Actually, Sirone was too good. How can you leave such a pretty girl behind? If it were me, I'd stick around all day. Aww! Maybe that's what moved Amy's impregnable heart?"

“Seriel… … .”

Seeing Amy's eyes burning red, Seriel shook her hand in a cold sweat.

"haha. okay. now stop!"

Amy let out a snort of anger. In a sense, Sirone was correctly grasping the situation. If you're distracted by a strict place, it won't be worthwhile to kick men out while dating undercover at best.

"oh! Amy, isn’t that Jake over there?”

Jake was coming down the hill. A duck-gee duck-gee bandage was attached to his face, and a large backpack slung over his shoulder.

Due to the decision of the disciplinary committee, Black Magician was placed on probation for two years. It was a condition that he had to apologize to the students who dropped out, but it was clear that he was exceptionally lenient.

"Howdy! Long time no see, Amy.”

For someone getting kicked out of school, Jake's face was bright.

“You haven’t left yet? Anyway, messing around.”

“Quack! There are so many places to say goodbye because you did so many bad things.”

“Did you at least do something that didn’t suit you? Arthur. How easily can a person’s personality change?”

“What is it? But there are people who believe in even a guy like me. So now I won't do anything bad."

The story of Shiina struggling in the committee to lower Jake's disciplinary level was famous among students. If it weren't for her, Black Magician would have been expelled from school.

“What are you going to do next anyway? If I take two years off, my class will drop.”

“You have to blame the kids who dropped out. I probably won't forgive you, but I'm prepared. Won't you remember what to do after you put everything back?"

Amy didn't think it would be easy. Most of the children Jake suffered were first-class nobles, and they suffered incurable wounds.

The possibility of being beaten to death could not be completely ruled out.

Jake would have known that better than anyone else. But far from being afraid, he was rather relieved.

“I have to stop. By the time I get back, you'll be graduating. I don't know when the opportunity will come, but when the time comes, I will do my best. Be well. good love.”

Jake waved and turned around, and Amy responded with a rotten smile. She found it absurd that even Jake, the party involved in the case, thought she was dating Sirone.

Anyway, it was bittersweet as a fellow student to see him being kicked out in a shabby way. She thought for a moment, then remembered something of hers and she called Jake.

“Hey, Jake.”

Jake looked back.

“Two years go by so quickly. Do not give up."

"haha! Call me when you're having a hard time. I will lend you any amount of money.”

A resourceful man who boasts of money until the very end. But on the other hand, I thought he was like Jake. He honestly might have gotten his fists out if he had even bothered.

“Two years… … . Yes, nothing really.”

Amy thought as she watched Jake walk away. She can't go to school for at least 2 years. But what does she mean there? If she didn't have any skills anyway, it was a magical world where she would rot in place for the rest of her life.

"Seriel, I've made up my mind."

"huh? Are you going to see Sirone?”

“I’m applying for a promotion to my senior year class.”

"what? already? Are you too fast?”

Upon entering Class Four, students are automatically eligible to apply for the senior class. However, a battle of nerves was fierce from the beginning of the semester because if you failed the promotion exam, you could not apply again that year.

Even if you pass the promotion test, graduation is far away. This is because only the most outstanding talents can enter the magic school where geniuses gather in the graduating class.

Graduates of magic school look back on their senior year as a battlefield that was more fierce than society. It was a place where friendships from school days were put aside for a while and only 30 prospective wizards competed for survival.

Some criticize this infinite competition system, but considering the specificity of the job, it is unavoidable.

Alpheas Magic School is a government-designated institution, so when you graduate, you get an unofficial license, so you are recognized as an official wizard. In a word, it meant 'immediate sense of power' that was put directly into the social front.

In the worst case, it was the common opinion of the teachers that strict standards should be introduced in the senior class as they have to cross life and death on the battlefield.

“Why don’t you wait a bit? The quota is still empty, isn’t it too late to apply after analyzing the level of seniors and trends?”

“No, I don’t want to hesitate. Right now, I just want to run looking forward.”

Knowing Amy's stubbornness, Seriel couldn't stop it. On the one hand, she was excited to see how far her genius would go in her senior year.

“Yes, I will support you. You can do it.”

"thank you. I'll go upstairs and take a look at the atmosphere.”

“Hehe, actually, I’m a little nervous, so I’m thinking of gathering information first. Anyway, let's do our best.”

"okay. I will help you too.”

Amy looked up at the blue sky with a relieved heart.

Dreams are as far away as the sun. However, it illuminates itself with a light as brilliant as the sun, guiding the way to all who look up.

'I will definitely become the best wizard.'

thorn in the eye (1)

The advanced class integrated class time is back.

Even while the seniors and juniors were exchanging exchanges, no one approached Sirone.

Sometimes, too much splashing was also a problem. 

Surprised the teachers in the entrance exam, and succeeded in four ways in the first class. She crushed the Black Magician and became the official lover of Amy, the object of her envy.

In a short period of time, Sirone left a significant mark. Even so, he belonged to Class 7, the bottom of the advanced class, so his classmates couldn't help but feel complicated.

"what? There you are, Amy. your boyfriend. Sirone!”

Seriel waved her hand from afar. Sirone broke through the crowd and approached. Amy stood with her arms crossed, pouting.

“Hello, senior.”

“Ho-ho-ho! he is Are you still a senior? We're not strangers, and we're the same age anyway, so let's talk comfortably, let's talk.”

Even while Seriel's pimp temperament was activated, Amy's reaction was pouty. From some point on, she had the feeling that Sirone was avoiding herself beyond being indifferent.

I'm not proud of it, but if it's Karmis Amy, there's no boy I'd refuse at school. On the one hand, if Sirone comes to you sincerely, he has been thinking countless times about how to deal with it.

But what about sirone? She drew a line as if she was no better than her friend, and didn't even pay attention to anything other than businesslike conversation.

"haha! I can't do that though. You are definitely a senior.”

Sirone's nonchalant reply made Amy almost use her fist. But she persevered. She was here admitting she was unattractive when she got angry.

“Just call us comfortably when we are together. It's ridiculous to call you a senior even though you're dating."

Amy's trembling voice made Seriel realize the power of love. That she, who is her corpse except for her pride, resents her by trying to buy her sirone's favor. Originally, it was impossible.

“No, it's fine. Then I will go to class.”

When Sirone returned to her seat, Amy was so upset and embarrassed that she was on the verge of tears.

"it's okay! do it yourself! If you don't like it that much, don't do it!”

Seriel chased Amy away. She said that even for her own sake, Sirone's attitude had been strange lately.

“Amy, did you fight with Sirone by any chance?”

"I don't know! I don't care anymore! I know you are very proud of yourself!”

Sirone suppressed her apologetic feelings and returned to Class Seven. Amy is a good person. However, she had too many obstacles to get along with the first class of Class Four.

As Sirone sat down, her classmates whispered.

“It’s fine, it’s fine. Do you want to brag like that?”

“Are you dating in class? Did you believe in the face that your skills are insignificant and entered the school?”

Their jealousy was much worse than Sirone expected.

The average age of Class 7 is 15 years old. He was on the younger side compared to Sirone. In particular, in this age group, immature things often happen as there is a big difference in the age gap.

The children didn't like that a freshman who just entered school was chosen by Amy, who was the first in the whole school in the advanced class. With the crowd psychology working, now even the female students were gossiping about Sirone.

“My eyes are swollen. Aren't you totally crazy? I don't study and only date, so I still can't use a single magic.”

Sirone decided to stay away from Amy. It was because she could deal a fatal blow to her image.

I'd be lying if I said I didn't feel bad about the numerous accusations. It's gotten worse lately, and I'm starting to get annoyed.

However, whenever that happened, he remembered Temuran's advice and endured it. All I could do now was to go up to the top class as quickly as possible.

“From today, we will reduce theory classes and focus on practice. Practice your four-way mastery for an hour, then spend the remaining time practicing pattern changes.”

Under Etella's instructions, the students gathered and practiced the four ways. But Sirone couldn't mix with them. 

In the early days, I had the experience of inadvertently opening the Spirit Zone and being disappointed. The children hated Sirone's Spirit Zone, which was transmitted through synesthesia, as if it were filth, and avoided the place.

Sirone moved to a more secluded place. He had the largest spirit zone in Class 7, so this was the only way he could practice comfortably.

After practicing the defensive type for an hour, Sirone practiced the remaining three patterns. He was not as good as the defensive type, but the offensive type was quite good, and the target type was difficult.

The biggest problem was the breakaway type. He couldn't even imitate the level of difficulty.

'It's really tricky. How the hell do I have to break away?'

I tried to deviate the spirit zone to the right, but the shape was all distorted. It was not an exaggeration to say that even the top classes can be counted among the students who use the breakaway type.

'center. The key is to shift the focus.'

Sirone corrected the error and tried again. While the shape of the spirit zone was fixed, the center was slowly moved.

I was wheezing and feeling dizzy. Is this how you feel when your soul goes out? Consciousness was dimmed and the senses were distant. Then, right before we broke away, the spirit zone burst like air bubbles.

“Whoa!”

I just thought it was too difficult. Losing one's mind is not a natural phenomenon. Therefore, a very technical approach had to be taken.

'Should I rather move the center first? No, the first method is correct. If the shape isn't perfect, the center won't move.'

When Sirone struggled, Etella approached him personally.

“Sirone, how are you?”

“It is difficult to break away. It is not easy to shift the center of gravity.”

“Perhaps. It's a contradiction to you, a convergent type. The four ways is a natural phenomenon, but the departure type is an unnatural phenomenon. By the way, how about the other four ways?”

Etel also did not expect Syrone to break away. Because what she expects is Sirone's natural insight, not her artificial computational powers.

"hmm. rest of it… … I don't think there's any particular problem.”

Sirone answered honestly. He was becoming more proficient at changing patterns in all directions to the extent that he thought he was satisfied.

---------------------------------------