[12] The first step towards the dream (4)

Reina stared blankly at Sirone, who was breathing heavily. I can't evaluate her sense of pitch because she's not what I would call playing, but her insight into realizing her essence was beyond my imagination.

'Who are you? Why is this child a butler... … .' 

“Oh, a little noisy! You devil!”

Sirone and Reina looked back towards the hallway at the same time.

“If you come, wipe your feet and go to sleep, or even sing a lullaby! Get hit in a harsh place and get hysterical!”

frizzy hair. Half-closed, grim eyes. Lian, still asleep, entered the room, scratching her washboard abs. Then she saw Sirone sitting next to her sister and tilted her head.

"what? Sirone, what are you doing here?”

“No, there… … .”

It would be a big deal if Rayna found out that she was friends with Rian.

However, Lian mumbled something as if he hadn't thought about it, and then suddenly grabbed his stomach and smiled.

“Puhahaha! can you Are you here to get it?”

Sirone's face burned with unbearable shame. How will Rayna see herself if she learns of the crime Rihanna committed? Also, how embarrassing would she be?

"no! It's because I came in for a while.”

“No what? Congratulations Sirone. You have finally become a man.”

Ryan was unstoppable. Of course, underwear was probably as insignificant as a dishcloth among family members. However, it was a burden that Sirone could not handle.

"what? Did you guys know each other?”

“Sirone? uh, my friend.”

“Rian! What are you talking about?”

"ha ha ha! are you okay. That witch has a nasty temper, but she doesn't care about that at all.”

Is it really so?

I know she has an artistic and open personality. However, this was the most serious situation that could happen between nobles and commoners.

“Your name was Sirone. don't worry. Because if Rihanna is a friend, she is a friend. Although she is a pathetic younger sister, she is not one to play with people.”

Sirone didn't look suspicious. It could have made her feel bad as the victim, but Reina rather accepted Sirone's attitude favorably. Because true trust grows out of doubt.

“But you are very special. How did you do that performance earlier?”

"what? Was it Sirone? I thought my sister’s hysteria was triggered again.”

Sirone's brow furrowed. She didn't understand why she would label such a pretty and affectionate older sister a witch or a hysteria.

“Rian, why did you lie to me? You are a kind and nice person.”

“Sirone, you must not be fooled! This woman is a witch! She might eat you someday!”

Lian grabbed Sirone by the shoulder and shook him. Lian's expression was too serious to dismiss it as a joke.

“Whoops, I’m sorry. My younger brother is so immature. Still, it's reassuring to have a friend like Sirone. I'm a pathetic and ugly younger brother, but you take good care of me.”

Ryan walked over to the table and poured water. In any case, between brother and sister, no matter what they said, it would not go into their ears.

“Oh, no. what am i... … .”

Reina stared at Sirone, who was shyly scratching her head. She would have been all grown up when she was 17, but she was such an innocent child.

“Whoops, you are so cute.”

“If you’re that cute, your sister lives with you. If Sirone becomes a family, it's good for me. Hahahaha!”

At Lian's joke, Sirone's face turned red. Even so, the reason she didn't feel bad was that she had a crush on her, knowingly or unknowingly.

"Oh my goodness! You seem to be close enough to give up your older sister.”

“What are you talking about? Of course, Sirone is like a brother, but he doesn't mind giving a witch like you to anyone. Rather, Sirone is a waste.”

“Aha, is that so?”

Reina's body flew up. Shirone's mind was dazzled by her leaping power, which easily exceeded the height of a person.

Landing in front of Lian, Reina pulled her brother's ear hard.

“Ouch! it hurts! It hurts!”

“You got it, you culprit!”

“You are the culprit! What are you talking about?"

“The guy who played with my underwear. is it you?”

"no! Why put it on a strict person!”

“You and Sirone are the only two hot-blooded men on the second floor, and from what I have seen, Sirone is definitely not that kind of guy. So there is only you Will you admit it now? Why did you take interest in your sister's underwear, which you hate so much?"

Reina was once a master of swordsmanship on par with Rai. As such, the power concentrated in his fingers was truly enormous.

Rian looked at Sirone with the feeling of being quenched by hellfire. There is only self-destruction beyond this. If you're going to die anyway, isn't it better for even one person to survive?

“Yes, I did! I was trying to put it on because my underwear fell off! You can't even give your sister a pair of panties! Aaaagh!”

When Reina mercilessly pulled her ear, the huge Lian couldn't move and stepped on tiptoe.

“Are you saying that now? If you don't tell the truth, your ears will be ripped off.”

“Kill, kill! I have nothing more to say!”

Sirone was restless. No matter who took the lead, it was the same thing, so I couldn't let Rian suffer alone.

“Hey, actually I did.”

“Sirone, no! You don't know the fear of this witch! Run quickly!”

“It happened because Rihanna was playing a joke. There was no malice. But I'm really sorry.”

"Hmm, that's what I mean."

Reina slowly opened her eyes and looked at Sirone and Lian alternately. Then, she chuckled and hit Lian's head.

"ouch!"

“I think I saved my life because of Sirone. Just one more time and then I'll make you truly deaf.” 

Lian stroked the top of his head and muttered all the time. What kind of wind blew this witch into her house?

“Why did you come back? Have you taken a vacation before?”

"huh? haven't you heard yet? Rai news.”

“When did you see we cared?”

“This time, Lai is taking the official inspection test. That's why I came to pick you up. She started out with her grandfather from Wangseong, but he said he was coming to meet some friends along the way.”

“An official exam?”

Ryan's eyes widened in shock. The difference in skill was acknowledged. Because his brother was a genius.

But did it happen like this?

The official license was the dream of everyone living in the kingdom of Tormia and the criterion to measure the rank of the nobility.

The exam is held once a year and the number of applicants reaches as high as 1,000.

However, among them, there were not even 30 people who could obtain official recognition.

There was an unofficial license as the target for comparison. It was issued by an institution designated by the royal palace. Taking the city of Creas as an example, there was Alpheas Magic School as a representative.

After graduating from magic school, he becomes an unofficial 10th class wizard, and then raises his level by performing various achievements through associations or guilds.

The difference between public and non-officials was whether or not they were recognized by the royal family. Therefore, even among non-officials, there are talented people who do not lag behind public figures, but people tend to flock to places where money and honor follow, so the overall level could be said to be much higher than public figures.

The difference was also evident in the fact that more than half of those who obtained non-official licenses in the annual official exams took place.

“Heh, that would be nice. Geniuses are different. They push you hard at home too.”

Reina looked at Lian sadly. She was the cute little sister, with or without talent. She hoped that this incident would not hurt her.

“I have to go prepare dinner. It's seafood airlifted from the royal palace, so you have to clean it yourself. Sirone, nice to meet you. Let's say hello next time.”

"yes. goodbye."

Sirone put her regret behind her and lowered her head. As he left the mansion tomorrow, there was no way he would see Reina again. But he would never forget her exhilaration of the moment he played her piano with her.

“Lian, maybe your sister.”

"huh? Why is my sister?”

"therefore… … Do you have a boyfriend or something?”

Sirone regretted it as soon as he said it. Emotions are like beasts imprisoned in an iron cage, and if you let go, it can lead to uncontrollable consequences.

After blinking for a long time, Lian smiled, showing her teeth.

“Sirone, can you?”

“Oh no! just forget it! I'm just… … .”

“Puhahaha! sister! sister!"

When Lian ran out of the room, Sirone, who was blushing, chased after him. Even going down the stairs was a waste of time, Ji Lian pulled her face out of the railing and shouted.

"sister! Sirone asks if you have a boyfriend... … !”

“Aw, stop!”

Sirone, who barely kept her mouth shut, grabbed Lian by the waist and dragged her into the room.

"huh? What are you talking about? boy friend?"

The maids working in the kitchen looked up at the second floor. Reina, who prepares the seafood, said with a smile in her eyes.

"It's a joke with the kids. Now, all you have to do is steam it. The poison has been removed, so please cook according to the recipe.”

“Yes, lady.”

As soon as the full-scale cooking began, the ladies-in-waiting again immersed themselves in their work.

However, the young man in charge of the mansion's business was frowning at the voice from earlier.

Chief Louis.

He was the youngest person in the history of the family to become the head of the butler, thanks to his natural calculation skills and thorough personality. He was wearing rimless glasses that accentuated his cold expression.

“Sirone?”

The ladies-in-waiting may have never heard of it, but it was clearly embedded in his brain as the butler. He was a contract boy brought in by Temuran for work before the Great Library.

“Why is it that the youngest boy and… … ?”

It was a matter that could not be overlooked for him, who had sworn to dedicate his life to the prosperity of the Ogent family. It was clear to him that something was going on that he didn't know about.

His eyes flashed, and he called the butler and gave instructions.

“Tell the sub-butler to come to my room right away.”

* * *

From early morning, the sound of cheers resounded throughout the large parade ground.

Lian raised the intensity of training more than usual. The talk of Rai taking the official exam added fuel to his embers. He will surely catch up. With that thought in mind, he repeated the cut countless times.

Kite looked at his pupil's exciting sword dance and was convinced.

'It definitely increased.'

stamina, stamina, skill. It was a breakthrough in every way. If you have this level of skill, you will be able to subdue the gang of bandits near the city without difficulty.

However, assuming a confrontation between those who have formally learned swordsmanship, it was still far, far away. The problem was the schema. Lian's greatest strength, recklessness, was working as a weakness this time.

Lian's swordsmanship was hectic and intense. Even though there are times when you need to make your mind cold and realize the essence, he only emphasized moving forward.

'Everyone has their own way. The downside of not being cool is nothing compared to that hot firepower. It is clear that there is no choice but to go on like this. One, it's a pity.'

“Taha! Taha! Taha!”

He wielded a club twice as heavy as a longsword with brute force alone. Considering the air resistance, it was a power that was comparable to holding a greatsword. I was already looking forward to how much efficiency would be maximized if I could learn the schema.

"stop! 10 minute break!”

Lian gasped and returned to Kite. 

Kite found the burning passion in his pupil's eyes. I had eyes like this on any day a year ago.

It went off quickly at the time, but this time it was different. Rai goes to the palace. Lian's flame would never fade again.

“Youngest boy! The youngest boy!”

The average butler working at the mansion came running in a hurry. Arriving in front of Rian, who was drinking his throat, he spoke without even holding his breath.

“It's a big deal! The lady wants you to come to the mansion quickly!”

“Your sister? what's going on all of a sudden I'm not interested if it's because of my brother. Do it yourself.”

"It's not like that. A contract boy named Sirone is now in danger of dying."

---------------------------------------