[149] Forced Breakthrough (4)

When the operation was about to begin in earnest, Tess, who had been lost in thought for a while, suddenly spoke up.

"wait for a sec. There is one thing to check before we depart.”

"huh? Are you sure?”

“Perhaps, if this operation succeeds, there is a high possibility of an all-out war with the enemy. So there is something I want to confirm with Lian.”

"What? Is there something wrong with me?”

Ryan made a puzzled expression. Then Tess asked, looking back at him with a serious look like never before.

“Rian, have you ever killed a person?”

The son-in-law became as quiet as a mouse. Rian was only blinking her eyes as she wore the sword.

To be honest, I had never thought of it like that. No, do I really have to think about it?

Every knight has a vague promise. A sword is a tool for cutting people. I thought that if I was prepared to wield such a tool for the rest of my life, there was no need to worry about other secondary problems.

“No, I don’t have one. you?"

“A few times. When I went to subdue bandits with my father.”

"okay? But what's wrong with that?"

“Rian, the determination to die and the determination to kill are completely different. The same goes for wizards, but especially we have to cut people with our own hands.”

The enemies Sirone and the others were dealing with weren't the local gangsters. A parrot mercenary group that made a name for itself in other countries. All of them were professionals who had experienced countless wars.

“Of course I believe in your courage. It doesn't make sense that a swordsman never gets blood on his sword for the rest of his life. But if today is your first time, you might be shaken during the battle.”

Ryan sighed and thought.

shaking during battle Of course, cutting people doesn't feel particularly good. But at the same time, I thought it didn't matter.

“Tess, murder is a dangerous and complicated matter. So I understand your concern. But I will never waver.”

"You fool, you're saying it's not that easy. Killing people... … !”

“I always kill.”

Tess' eyes twinkled. Rian continued her words as she looked at her own reflection in her direct view.

"and… … I have seen death countless times.”

At that moment, Lian looked back at Tess with intense eyes.

“Even when they told me to give up the sword because I had no talent, even when I really wanted to give up, I swung the sword. In the process, I killed countless enemies and was killed by countless enemies.”

Lian's straight sword extended toward the north. If Rian were a statue, he would have fallen forward under the weight of his sword, but he did not budge, as if rooted to his legs.

“Tess, okay? I've never held a sword with clumsy determination in my entire life. Regardless of whether there was an enemy in front of me or not, I always swung my sword desperately.”

Everyone could read the determination in Lian's words. Lian smiled as if she had never done that before and stuck her straight sword behind her back.

“Never waver. I am Sirone's sword. She only cuts down to achieve what Sirone wants. So no need to worry.”

That was the reason why Tess chose Lian over many people with sword skills.

Rihanna is insensitive. That's why he can't even open the schema. However, the human determination that comes from the weight of life itself was not something that could be achieved with talent or skill.

Tess, who had been looking at Lian for a while, looked back at everyone with a satisfied smile.

"good! Now my worries are gone Then let's begin.”

Tess' words set Sirone and Amy on fire as well. Lian's words aroused fighting spirit.

"Then Amy, we'll go first."

Sirone grabbed Lian and cast photonization magic. In a flash of light, the two disappeared into the woods, followed immediately by Amy and Tess.

The sight of two flashes passing through the dense forest was the height of splendor. As if reflected in a mirror, it went through the forest with irregular movements, going back and forth between acute and obtuse angles.

I don't know the location of the magic circle, but I got an approximate distance by calculating the enemy's movement. 

After wandering around the forest for about 10 minutes, I found the location of the first magic circle.

The magic circle is also a magical body, so if you come within the radius of the spirit zone, you can clearly feel its presence.

Of course, if the Stealth enchantment is enchanted, the difficulty of the search will be extremely high. However, no matter how much money the mercenaries had, it was impossible to maintain them there.

Even if all the wizards mobilized for the middle class magic circle were combined, it was not even 1/10 of the cost of hiring a stealth wizard, so in the end, it was impossible to do business with a belly button bigger than the stomach.

When Lian cut the thick bush straight and opened the road, he saw a magic circle drawn on the grassy clearing.

Seeing the magic circle for the first time in real life, Sirone was surprised at how much bigger it was than she had imagined in her head.

Amy looked around and nodded.

“As expected, it is an intermediate level magic circle. I must have had a really hard time making it.”

The magic circle with a radius of over 5 meters was emitting red light as if reacting to the spirit zone.

The circles of various sizes spread like ripples inside were engraved with beautiful schematics that could be considered works of art.

"wait. I'll take a look.”

Amy, who had acquired some knowledge in her senior year, looked closely at the magic circle.

The evaluation items of the magic circle could be divided into three major categories.

The first is the color that represents the strength of mana. The second was the degree of integration of functions, and the third was the connectivity of the magic circles drawn inside.

From Amy's point of view, the color and density of the magic circles here are a bit low, but the connectivity itself is excellent. In other words, it was highly likely that he borrowed the power of an authorized organization.

“Whoa, this is a headache. It looks like it was engraved by an officially registered magic company. Since it was illegally earned money, I thought he must have recruited a wizard from the shadows.”

“Is that an important issue?

“The characteristic of a formal company is that it has good connectivity because it is designed according to the standard. In other words, the durability of the magic circle is high. Can you really do it in 10 minutes?”

“I guess I should try. The truth is, I don't know if I'll be able to succeed.”

“What? What if I come and say something like that? It was a plan that I executed because you had an idea.”

"sorry. But I have some certainty. And if successful... … .”

“What if I succeed?”

Sirone raised her head for a moment and calculated in her head before revealing a rough figure.

“Maybe we can destroy it in one minute instead of ten.”

"what? 1 min?"

Amy's eyes widened. She was none other than an intermediate level magic circle. It was next to impossible for her to neutralize her magic circle in one minute unless she was a professional dismantling squad.

The strength of the magic circle that is mobilized and engraved by an official company is durability. Therefore, there was a possibility that the concept would not disappear even if the ground was pulverized to the size of pebbles by casting powerful physical magic.

When Amy thought, she had to plow the ground at least to the size of a pea, but she knew that there was no magic that could exert that much power on Sirone.

“What are you planning to do? Are you sure you know Breaking it in moderation doesn't work. No, if that happens, the magic circle will disintegrate and it could be even more difficult.”

"I see. I'll try it.”

Amy became increasingly anxious. When she heard the answer, it was clear that she hadn't even thought of it that far.

Can you do it? If I failed here, I would have wasted my time unnecessarily.

Sirone took her place in the center of the magic circle. Considering her power, she tilted her head at the unexpected appearance of Amy, who knew how to launch a vertical attack from the sky.

“What are you going to do there? You mean you can create an impact in place?”

"huh. But since it's the first time, it can be dangerous. Stay out of range.”

Following Sirone's words, the three of them stepped back.

I was anxious, but the anticipation was just as good. This is because, if successful, the unfavorable situation can be reversed in an instant.

As the magic circle was destroyed, the enemy's activity radius would gradually narrow.

In that case, it was possible to end the battle quickly because the side with two wizards was far ahead in terms of firepower.

Sirone closed his eyes and took a deep breath. With his legs apart, he slowly bent his back and pressed his fist into the ground.

There were no immediately noticeable changes. It was such a peaceful atmosphere that I wondered if it was okay to be so languid on a fierce battlefield.

But Amy was different. 

At first, she watched Sirone with skepticism, but her eyes were filled with shock and her shoulders trembled before she knew it.

“Sirone you… … .”

Tess looked back at Amy strangely. She obviously couldn't see anything in her own eyes, but her Amy's face was pale as if she had seen a monster.

“Amy, why is that? What is Sirone doing now?”

“I don’t think you could use that… … . No, come to think of it, there was such a thing.”

“What the hell is it? I'm curious, so please explain."

“I’d rather get away from you for now. Because that could be really dangerous.”

As Amy stepped back, Lian and Tess followed her and moved from place to place.

Even in the midst of that, the prosecutors felt puzzled. Because Amy's retreat was twice as far as hers a moment ago.

“Now explain. What the hell are you seeing?”

“It’s not what you see, it’s what you feel. The changes that happen to Sirone.”

“Feel it? What do you feel?”

“Spirit Zone. Right now, Sirone's Spirit Zone is moving at breakneck speed.”

Amy couldn't believe what she was saying. How strong must the durability be so that the Spirit Zone can repeat expansion and contraction so quickly?

'It's definitely a mental beat. But it's too fast. At this level, no matter how bad it is, it's at the level of Teacher Etella.'

Currently, Sirone's heartbeat Amy feels is exceeding 10 times per second.

But Sirone couldn't be satisfied with this. 

The score obtained in the mental pulse test of Class Five is 410 points. I once ran 30 seconds at 13.6 times per second.

Then I figured it should be at least twice as fast as this. because the radius is different.

At that time, if the maximum expansion radius was 20 meters in diameter, now the diameter of the magic circle was 5 meters. The shorter the round-trip distance, the faster the heart rate was normal.

The question was whether the mental strength could withstand it.

'I have no choice but to do it. Let's make more precise adjustments.'

As Sirone frowned slightly between her brows, Amy, who immediately sensed the change, spoke in a trembling voice.

"oh my god. It is getting faster and faster.”

As the radius narrowed, the number of mental beats began to exceed 15 per second. 

Knowing that counting from 1 to 15 in one second was impossible, you could guess how fast it was.

If you're a normal wizard, your mind will collapse before you even get here. 

However, Sirone's durability using diamond steel was currently unmatched.

Finally, the maximum expansion radius of the Spirit Zone coincided with the border of the magic circle. The remaining process was to cast magic while maintaining the current rhythm.

A high level of concentration was required to endure the double whammy of mind beating and magic casting. Sirone gritted his teeth and tried the magic of conversion that he had only envisioned in his head.

'Broad!'

When the pulsating spirit zone was filled with mass-bearing photons, a surprising phenomenon occurred.

As the color of light was applied to the Spirit Zone, I was able to see with my own eyes how the spirits of Lian and Tess also moved.

Kwa-kwa-kwa-kwa-kwa-kwa!

As the sphere of light repeatedly expanded and contracted, the ground gradually cracked. Eventually, it splintered into a huge boulder and then shattered into thousands of chunks again.

---------------------------------------