[521] Unknown swordsman (5)

For a while, the battle fell into a lull.

Dozens of deaths had already occurred, and the thieves were so excited that they were close to madness, but the incident where Lian cut the fireball was surprising enough to cool their fighting intentions in an instant.

The yaksa's anger transcends the law and is expressed in action.

Axing collectively.

Among them, Denai was Lian's unique skill to break the opponent's will with his own will.

To put it bluntly, it denies all the principles of the world by endlessly overlapping the law with the feedback of the thesis, which is implied, 'If you must do it, you must do it.'

“How can magic… … .”

Breeze still couldn't face reality.

Of course, Fireball, which combines omniscience and omnipotence, can be cut with a sword because it works like real fire in the Spirit Zone.

However, the problem was not that the fire was cut, but that the magic itself was extinguished.

The sudden disappearance of magic, like a candle being blown out, was not a normal phenomenon even to outsider thieves.

“Is that so… … .”

The red spear facon rose from his seat.

It was still impossible to understand the immediate outcome, but if you expand it to the category of bizarre events, it wasn't that you couldn't guess at all.

On the battlefield, numerous rumors that cannot distinguish truth from lies circulate, and among them, the ones that are often heard are tests of transcendental abilities that can never be realized with schemas.

“I wondered what he believed in when he was young and invaded the living.”

Facon gripped the red spear leaning next to the stone chair.

“Kill him with all your might. He is a different human being than the prosecutors we know.”

Following the leader's words, the officers lined up on the left and right took out their weapons and glared at Lian with ferocious eyes.

"let's go! It's an all-out attack!"

As Facon swung his spear and jumped off the podium, the dumbfounded thieves regained their senses and charged Lian.

Lian looked at her enemies with a calm gaze.

'Let's not be obsessed.'

Lian put all his will into moment-to-moment judgment, and enemies were cut away with each swing of the greatsword.

It was a mechanical severance, as if a ruler was placed on paper and cut with a knife.

Also, that was the fingerprint of the unique sword that made Lian known as the Mach Knight.

When the number of bandits fell below 50, Lian began to gain momentum for the first time.

How absurd it is for one life to reap 70 lives.

The thieves trembled in fear, and their hearts stopped even if they met Lian's eyes.

"come here! Baby!”

Facon swung a red spear and charged Lian.

The moment the sword and the spear collided, Lian's spirit, which had fallen into a trance, returned to reality in an instant.

The sensation of colliding with an iron wall, not a person, passed through my fingertips.

'The interest is the paycon.'

Even if it wasn't a red spear, Faken's skills were by far outstanding.

The order of the technique tree is muscle strength, nerves, and mitochondria.

In particular, the strength of the base, which is the base, was multiplied in efficiency through the technique of folding.

“Ha ha ha! is it just this? Run amok like before!”

Lian was pushed back in succession by Facon's spear thrusting in without giving him a chance to rest.

If it was one-on-one, he would be able to do it, but fighting a master while surrounded by bandits was unreasonable.

Above all, the skills of the executives who assisted Facon were incomparable to those of ordinary people.

'Grandpa, how the hell did you think of doing this?'

Ogent Klumph automatically came to Rian's mind, who fought with all his might.

Even when he was living under the extreme care of his parents and siblings as the youngest son in the family, he thought that subduing bandits would be a difficult task, but when he actually experienced it, he realized to the bone how self-indulgent he had been living.

'As expected.'

Faken narrowed the gap with his eyes shining.

Every time a crisis hits, the shaking is big.

Of course, I would like to give points for overcoming the crisis in the end, but the lack of experience was evident at a glance.

'I'm just honest, but my sense is too low. How the hell did you get to this point? I should have died a long time ago.'

That was the diagnosis of Facon, who had lived in the world of swords for a long time.

“Keugh!”

As the blood-stained spear rushed in like a severing lifeline, Lian swung his greatsword wide.

It was a counterattack that would have worked at any other time, but Facon was perfectly expecting Lian's breath from a short confrontation.

'Avoid... … .'

The greatsword brushed the tip of Faken's nose and went up.

'Poke.'

pop!

Twisting his arm, the tip of his spear pierced Lian's side the size of a fist and passed away.

'what?'

Since it was the heart he was aiming for, Faken's eyebrows lifted slightly.

“Big!”

Lian's pupils, who were clenching their teeth and enduring the pain, curled upwards, and the afterimage of the incarnation appeared again.

Facon was embarrassed, not befitting the name of a veteran.

It won't actually look like it.

There is no limit to space if a certain energy emanating from Lian passes through the brain to form a special image.

huge.

I don't know what the biggest thing in the world is, but if there is one, it's a gigantic figure with teeth baring.

At the same time, a sound like noodles being pulled out of water was heard, and black lines protruded and intertwined on Lian's side, quickly filling the empty space.

'Wounds regenerate?'

It was a strange phenomenon that could not be explained even with the schema.

“Aaaaaaa!”

Lian rushed forward with the egg whites lifted up.

Refined anger and other seething emotions exploded and I couldn't control my body.

The essence of emotion is belligerence.

The desire to fight, to fight against someone stronger led Lian's sword.

- Smille. Smille.

“This is your chance! Kill!”

If the firepower was increased while ignoring the preservation of the body, the defense would have been lax.

'No, this isn't about flimsy.'

They are attacking like a lifeless person.

“Poke! Stab it unconditionally!”

You can kill it now.

However, among the thieves, only Facon was the only one who could hold out his sword in front of the explosive force like a god of war.

“Stupid children!”

There are 22 people left.

If you lose more here, then there is really no turning back.

Perceiving Lian's motives for targeting the wizard Breeze, Facon used a subordinate as a sacrifice to close the gap.

As he continued to puncture Lian's body with his flashy spearmanship, he heard hallucinations again.

- Smille. Smille.

Rian regained consciousness at the sound of a voice that sounded like the sound of wind swirling in a deep valley.

'scary. It's too scary, Sirone.'

Why did this happen to you?

Even when he ate Ymir's arm and regenerated his right arm, and even when he obtained <Idea> and fought numerous battles, no hallucinations were heard.

From one day, I heard

It was probably the first time he suffered a near-death wound.

But the problem is, Klump heard the same hallucinations only once in his life.

But why does this hallucination not go away from himself?

The only thing I could know was the certainty that this wouldn't last forever.

Lian gripped the greatsword tightly.

'doesn't care. If only I could fight now!'

Kwaaang!

Facon, who blocked Lian's attack, distorted his expression at the impact that felt like his whole body was being crushed.

“Hehe!”

Laughter leaked out in fear.

“Hehehehehe!”

Kakacak!

Lian's charge stopped when he pressed his body close to the spear pole.

Between the crossed arms in the shape of an X, Faken revealed his face of madness.

“Do you want to engrave your name in history? yes? Do you think it will be that easy?”

Who the hell started first?

A person who did a crazy thing to make his name known by defeating the thieves.

"it's over. Your future will at best be a corpse and food for birds.”

Faken shook his head and shouted.

“What are you doing! Put an end to it!”

No one answered.

'no way… … .'

Feeling uneasy, Facon hurriedly looked around.

No one was standing.

In three hours, all 120 bandits were cut down.

'Maybe this guy too... … .'

I don't know if I'll go down in history.

As I turned my head thinking about that, Lian said.

"die."

oh i'm dying

There was so much overwhelming power in his voice that it made me think that it must be so.

"this… … .”

The moment Facon was about to leave his will, Lian's arm rose very slowly.

Seeing the completely empty torso reminded Facon that he could live again.

'If you stab me in the heart... … .'

But at that moment I realized.

Let alone the body, even the tongue that was spitting out the words was not moving.

The time gap according to the transcendental relative speed.

In reality, Lian's arm was moving faster than Faken's tongue.

The two arms that had been denied were swung downward several times faster than they had risen.

Aaaaaang!

The greatsword hit the ground, and Facon's body split in two with a shudder as if the world was splitting.

“Great!”

Rian frowned and withstood the impact of the body that was raised to an over-face.

As the muscles all over my body twisted, I felt as if I was transforming into another creature.

“Whoa.”

After about five minutes had passed, Lian was able to lift her back.

'I'll be sick for two days.'

survived anyway And with this, he was completely relieved of his responsibility towards Sylvia's family.

'I won't be shaken anymore.'

It was a fight in which death was closer than life, but it was a great fruit for Lian, who learned from actual combat.

“This is lucky. I really thought you would be here.”

Lian turned his head at the voice he heard from the entrance of the sanchae.

“What are you?”

A tall man in black iron armor was scanning the corpses with greasy eyes.

Judging from the fact that the squire standing behind him was holding a pen and paper, it was clear that he was a nobleman practicing knighthood.

However, there was a feeling that he was too old to practice now.

“Are you a knight of Mach? I've heard the rumors."

“A Knight of Mach?”

Lian tilted his head at the title he heard for the first time, but the man didn't care and drew a sword as long as his height.

The sword was also black iron and was embroidered with sophisticated patterns.

“As I've heard, you're a dubious man. But what you see in front of you is the clear proof.”

When the man's eyelashes opened like flower petals, blood came out, and Lian's body reacted by itself.

It was a master I had never met before.

“Subjugation of bandits. Well, when I was young, I did it whenever I was bored. Now that I see it, I miss it.”

When there was no reaction from Lian, Ramdas swung his sword and returned to his stance.

"What are you doing? Come on. You're not waiting to die without knowing what you're doing, right?"

It is common for Ikito to come in during the knight's training.

However, at present, Lian had just destroyed 120 bandits, and the aftermath of Denai had not completely disappeared.

“Of course I know.”

Lian turned to Ramdas with a smile.

The two prosecutors faced each other at a distance of 20 meters.

It was a distance much farther than the sword, but considering the movement speed of the schema, it was a distance that could never be said to be far.

'come. I'll expose your true identity.'

As Ramdas thought, Lian's figure disappeared.

All I could see was an infinitely long horizontal flash in the realm of thought.

As if the three-dimensional body of Ramdas had been cut into two dimensions, the waist, wrist, and sword made of black iron were cut at the same hardness and fell to the floor.

“… … .”

The servant stood with his mouth open in a daze, unable to transfer a single word to the paper.

As I slowly turned around, I saw Lian walking down the mountain with her greatsword hand outstretched.

Pupperpuppung!

Muscles burst from Lian's shoulder to wrist, revealing bone, but his fingers were still gripping the greatsword.

- Smille. Smille.

Feeling the muscles in his right arm reconnect, Lian moved away from the servant's vision.

will be strong

will come to the end of the world

'Because that's right next to you. Right, Sirone?'

Only after Lian disappeared completely did the servant swallow the saliva in his mouth.

The owner who served for 10 years passed away, but rather than feelings of condolences, emotion surged first.

“Rumors... … It was true.”

The trembling pen tip glided slowly across the paper.

Mach's Knight

(end of volume 21)

---------------------------------------