[226] 2. Waiting for school to open (4)

“We lost. Please, keep this a secret.”

"ha? When did they say they would expel us by flattening the bridge of our noses?”

My body shuddered with humiliation, but the leader of the mercenary army was a person who knew how to face reality.

You have to be patient for the future of yourself and your colleagues.

"sorry! Help me just once! You too will become a wizard. Still, you have a good name, so there’s no need to break the rice bowl, right?”

Dante shook his head in dismay.

The mercenaries blushed when they realized what the boy was asking for. In the end, even the four people standing behind me politely bowed and apologized.

“Look at the situation. Shouldn’t we also have to eat?”

Finally satisfied, Dante put his hand on the leader's shoulder.

"Do not worry. Because I was free during vacation, I only played for a while. Aren't you too careless anyway? I don't know how he got his official license?”

At that moment, the door opened and a woman entered. The mercenaries reflexively straightened their bent backs and acted as if nothing had happened.

"oh! It's already over. Alas, sorry.”

It was a woman with curly bobbed hair stuck to her cheeks. Her playful face made her look as young as in her early twenties, but she was actually over thirty.

"you are… … A kill line?”

She was a correspondent who traveled to magic schools across the country to write reports as a woman who worked in the academic journal compilation department under the Teachers' Association.

The articles she writes are included in the magazine <Spirit>, and since they are distributed to magic schools nationwide, it was only a matter of time before they became famous once they were published.

“I heard rumors and came here, and you did a great job. Dante, did you make all of this miserable scene with your own hands?”

As Killline showed off her exaggerated gestures, an accompanying photographer took an optical camera.

The mercenaries did not know what to do in the embarrassing situation.

Give them a <Spirit> The magazine is just a memory of the past, but it was also a major magazine distributed nationwide. If their ugliness was published as an article, it would be a disgrace to the family.

"no. How can you defeat them alone without the help of your seniors? She wanted to do real combat training, so I asked for a favor, and she readily agreed. she learned a lot Thank you, senior.”

When Dante turned around, the sad wizards quickly corrected their faces.

"haha! what is this Still, it was great. After all, he’s the biggest star in the kingdom, isn’t he?”

Killline turned around with her eyes shining.

"oh! Do you know Dante? As expected, the promising prospects that the kingdom boasts are different no matter what. You're still a student, but rumors are spreading even among front-line wizards.”

"Sure. Sometimes I talk about Dante with my colleagues. I believe that one day Dante will become a first-class archmage.”

Killline meticulously transcribed the leader's interview.

<Spirit> is originally a popular magazine, but on the day an article about Dante is published, the number of copies sold jumps 1.5 times.

Dante's appearance was beautiful enough to captivate the hearts of girls, and the jealous interest of men would not be without effect.

'Aww, that's cute. You've grown up really well, our Dante.'

It's safe to say that Killline, who had dedicatedly interviewed Dante since he was a child, was promoted alongside Dante. It was thanks to Dante that he is currently on the rise as the best reporter in the kingdom.

“Now, since the coverage is over, let’s go to the after party. I'll shoot you hard at the Teachers' Association!"

When Dante left the hideout, Air servant's butler, who was waiting outside, approached with a box.

“Brother Dante, Olivia sent a package.”

“Master? What happened all of a sudden?”

"That's me too... … . However, the head of the household told me to tell it directly.”

Even Dante, who had nothing to fear in the world, would have died at Olivia's horse. He was a teacher and benefactor who recognized her talent from an early age and enrolled her in the Royal Magic School. So did she, as well as her motives, Closer and Sabina.

"okay. Give it to me.”

When I received the parcel and unwrapped it, a thick application form came out. Dante's eyebrows deepened as he read each chapter.

"what? Is it a transfer application?”

Closer and Sabina looked over their shoulders. Dante's profile as well as their own were attached.

The kill line stuck.

“What is it, Dante? huh? What?"

“Um, that… … This is a transfer application. This time, Master said that she has temporarily assumed the position of principal of a certain school. So, if you want to study together, come... … .”

Closer said.

“Then you should definitely go. Master is leaving, so can we not follow?”

Sabina said.

“Where is it? Is there no school listed?”

“No, Alpheas Magic School. By the way, where is this school attached?”

Students living in Baska were not interested in local information. The only information that Dante and the others knew was that it was one of the five most prestigious families in the kingdom.

Killline smelled the scoop and her eyes lit up.

“Oh, Alpheas Magic School? Besides, Mr. Olivia is the temporary principal? This is a huge case. Alpheas Magic School is ranked 4th in the magic school hierarchy. It's in Creas City. The most famous graduate is Mikea Gaold, the current head of the Magic Association.”

“Oh, Mr. Garold is from here.”

He was taken aback when he heard that he was ranked 4th, but when he heard the name Gaold, his eyes changed. If there were only five officially recognized first-class archmages in the kingdom, it seemed like they could save face even if they transferred schools.

Closer said.

“Let’s go. After all, schools are opening all over the country. I can transfer school accordingly.”

"yes. Master will also be appointed at that time.”

Dante took the letter and entrusted it to Sabina. You will have to meet and hear about the details, and it felt good that something interesting happened to my boring daily life now.

Dante, watching the sunset falling down the mountain, looked back at his friends and smiled.

“Would it be fun? Alpheas Magic School.”

3. Where is Sirone? (One)

The second half of Alpheas Magic School has begun.

From the morning, the front gate was filled with people with wagons carrying students.

A rare scene was created in which young students accompanied by their parents did not want to go to school.

On the other hand, adolescent boys crossed the front door with indifferent expressions, as if they were embarrassed to even receive help from a butler.

The entrance ceremony was scheduled for 11:00 am, and the students went back to their lodgings and unpacked their belongings.

Sirone, who arrived early in the morning, put the books he had brought into the bookshelf and arranged clothes and daily necessities.

“Sirone!”

My friends burst open the door and came in.

“Nade! Iruki!”

Sirone also ran away with a big smile. We were only 30 days apart, but it felt like we hadn't seen each other in a year.

A lot of things really happened. What would the two people look like if they knew they had gone to heaven?

They held each other's hands and shouted in unison.

“I had a great job!”

And we stared blankly at each other.

I don't know what happened, but it was predictable that today's day would be short.

"good. Let's set the order. Sirone, tell me first.”

"okay. I went to Galliant Island with Amy... … !”

Suddenly, Ned grabbed his collar.

“What! you then... … no way… … that… … ! Holy shit! You traitor! i envy you!"

Sirone's face turned red.

"no! It's not like that, just keep listening.”

“Aww! Nonsense. I thought that no matter how much I was born as a solo artist, I would be faster than Sirone. how… … !”

Nade was on the verge of going insane.

Seeing that even Iruki's pupils were shaking, it seemed that the problem with that was the biggest dilemma for a man.

Sirone was able to start talking only after drawing a clear line.

An hour passed quickly. But no one knew how much time had passed.

"wow. you really... … dead and alive It was a very dangerous situation.”

“That, too, is the final war. It's like, it's so serious that it doesn't even sound serious.”

The impression of heaven was so strong that Nade and Iruki pondered for a long time.

On the other hand, Sirone, who felt relieved after confessing, wanted to hear how the other friends were doing.

“Now you tell me. Did something great happen during the vacation?”

The two looked back at each other and said, starting with Iruki.

“I had crayfish-flavored ice cream.”

“A spider the size of a fist appeared in my studio.”

"haha! I really enjoyed it.”

It was funny just imagining it. The ice cream tastes like crayfish. Besides, it was creepy to think of a spider the size of a fist in front of me.

“Damn it!”

Nade pushed Syrone's cheek with his power.

“Aww! what's the matter?"

“He spent an exciting vacation by himself! And with Amy, who is very pretty!”

“I almost died! And what else is super pretty Amy? childishly! Aww!”

While Nade pushed Sirone in the face again, Iruki was regretting hitting the ground.

“It’s really too bad. She shouldn't have acted crazy and gone back home. I'm also curious about magic that does ataraxia or something. Can you show me?”

"huh? Ataraxia?”

Demonstration can be done at any time, but the situation was not convenient. It was also a problem that mental power was exhausted, and if it was cast in a place where there were people, it would only complicate things for no reason.

“I want to, but next time. I'll show you when I get a chance."

“What? do you care Alright then, I will also hide the new magic for the time being.”

Sirone's eyes lit up at the word new magic. If it was Iruki of the Servant Syndrome, the level of the new magic would be different from that of other students.

"What? huh? What kind of magic is it?”

"it is a secret. If I were to give you a hint, would it be a secret weapon that can defeat you?”

Having said that, Iruki turned to Nade and asked.

“How are you anyway? I bet it wasn’t just playing during vacation.”

"Oh, I've been crazy busy. I'm studying alchemy these days. I reinforced some of the magic needed for that class.”

Alchemy is also a large branch of magic, but it was not a field taught at magic schools. Alchemy is a huge discipline, and the Alchemy Foundation was training alchemists separately.

Iruki was worried. After all, Nade was focusing on a part that was far from class during vacation.

“Are you okay? If you're going to become a magic engineer, a wizard license would be more advantageous.”

“Of course, but I also want to learn materials science. Because function begins with form, and the beginning of form is original. I thought I should learn the basics of alchemy.”

A voice was heard from the hallway.

“The entrance ceremony begins. Students, please assemble at the central venue.”

@

All students from Class 1 to Class 10 gathered at the training ground.

Sirone looked for Alpheas on the podium, but for some reason he wasn't there.

"what? Can't you see the headmaster?"

“Six months honesty. From today, the temporary principal will come. I don’t know who it is, but please make me study moderately.”

Nade closed his eyes and prayed. It was a dream to become a magic engineer, but first of all, it was not a pleasant thing for the class to be difficult from the position of graduating from magic school.

When the newly appointed principal appeared on the podium, whispers were heard from here and there.

Iruki's face became serious.

"this… … After all, that person is the principal.”

"huh? Do you know who it is?”

“Jerome Olivia. I was the headmaster of the Royal Academy of Magic. He's probably a certified second-class archmage.”

Sirone looked closely at Olivia. She looked much younger than her age and, above all, was beautiful. Her teachers were lined up on her left and right, but all of them couldn't hide their tension.

'You're a great person. The principal of the Royal Magic School... … .'

Olivia waited until the students' clamor had subsided before she began her speech.

"hello. This is Jerome Olivia, who will be the new principal starting this semester. Although it is a temporary job, I promise to do my best to teach students during my tenure.”

---------------------------------------