[732] Two gazes (1)

Ivory Tower artificiality.

The seven stars called by Taeseong were talking about the world, forgetting the time.

“Yes, I will.”

Numerous issues were dealt with.

"however… … .”

From ancient history to the present, Taeseong seemed to know nothing, and the questions of the stars finally approached the essence.

“What does Ra really want?”

At Zuoi's question, the six stars were lost in thought.

"You're trying to become a god."

Heukangshi's words were close to an incorrect answer in that they did not resolve the question.

Minnie asked.

“What is the justice of God? Creator? Then Ra cannot be a god.”

Borbor, who was still lying face down like a spider, raised her gaze to Mini who was sitting on the top of her head.

“The fact that we exist means that there is someone who has already created it. God is God, meaning we can't be God.”

God is God.

The ghost goblin Arte fluttered his fan.

“If we can create something, then we are no different from God. It's just a cowardly thought. Wouldn't a true god be something beyond cowardice?”

Mongin Louver looked back at Taeseong.

“I would like to hear it at this point. Taeseong, what do you think Ra wants?”

“Right.”

Taeseong raised his index finger.

“If God created the universe, it means that God is absolutely right in this universe. Whatever he does, it is right. Therefore, if Ra realizes that he is absolutely right, he can also be called a god.”

“God is absolutely right.”

Louver raised his head with a faint look.

“Everyone is right when they dream. Maybe God is a being who dreams a dream that never wakes up.”

"that's right. Our integrity is there.”

Taeseong got up for the first time and looked down at the shining planet under the glass floor.

“From the universe to the natural world, from the natural world to the living world. In the cosmic hierarchy, we are infinitely weak. But a dreamer.”

Taeseong looked back at the stars waiting for his words with benevolent eyes.

“We can dream of our own universe. Even if this place is God's dream, we must keep dreaming.”

Taeseong, who had closed his eyes for a while in the solemn atmosphere, slowly opened his lips.

“The time when that dream is broken is approaching.”

* * *

In the world of nothingness outside the gates of extinction, Nane came to establish numerous thoughts.

La Enemy's body still didn't move as if he was dead, and at some point his case came to mind.

“Are your thoughts organized?”

Nane answered Ra Enemy in the past.

"already."

“Then why are you conflicted? What are the remaining attachments of you who have realized Gong?”

The world Nane realized was a series of suffering, and what remained at the end of that suffering was eternal nothingness.

“Extinction is always right. just one thing... … .”

Nane approached the body of Ra Enemy.

“Except for irreversibility.”

There is no hesitation in accepting La Enemy's proposal, but there is no turning back.

“It is absolutely right because it is irreversible.”

that's also true.

“To save sentient beings groaning in pain. If that's the last mission left to me... … .”

La Enemy was told.

“Swallow my dream. Become an irreversible right and save the sentient beings you want.”

Since it does not exist in the first place, it is empty.

'Why do I suffer?'

No pleasure, no pain, no misfortune, no happiness, it's just an illusion in a dream that doesn't even exist after it passes.

“Wake up.”

Nane decided to become a Buddha herself and enlighten the mind of the people who are suffering in the world.

“It is your dream now.”

As La Enemy's body was released into light particles and permeated into Nane, the Kar value began to increase endlessly.

Kar value: 99.9999999999… … percent.

From Nane's body, which had taken the seal of the sermon, a near-infinite blade spread out in a circle.

“Only those who understand are free from the cowardice of pain.”

You are almost right.

Thus, his words become powerful truths that have an impact on the world... … .

“Open your eyes.”

The moment his tongue moved, the world of nothingness exploded into pieces creating a crack of light.

“I-what is that?”

The moment Canis widened her eyes, Harvest grabbed him and Arin and moved away at breakneck speed.

Even so, Canis couldn't take her eyes off her.

“What the hell is going on… … .”

The energy field mixed with red light and black light was expanding endlessly in the form of a sphere.

As the explorers stationed near Pytharos spread everywhere, Arin told the shocking truth.

“Kanis, the boundary… … They are disappearing.”

“What boundaries?”

“Boundaries of menarche. I see something peeling off. Perhaps the sight you see now is the same as mine.”

Arin's menarche penetrates the veil of the underworld in that it grasps the nature of matter.

'That means... … .'

Reality and unreality were merging.

“Canis, is something coming out of there?”

The size of the energy field pointed out by Harvest was huge, over 100 meters in diameter.

"Shit! It's a demon! Everyone ready for battle!”

In that huge space, the hideous-looking inhabitants of the other side appeared, uttering incomprehensible words.

“Imprint our fears! Conquer this world!”

It was the gunfire that signaled the beginning of the Great Purification Period.

* * *

'It's finally here!'

Oh Dae-seong, Buddha Mahagaruta, who guards Taeseong's room in the Ivory Tower, raised his eyelids.

His pupils, which appeared as the brilliance that emitted brilliant light calmly subsided, were completely different from those of humans.

“Is it about time?”

After he loosened his cross-legged seat and put his legs on the floor, he looked up at the sky and the scenery around him poured down like a waterfall.

“Oh Dae-seong?”

At the sight of Mahagarutha entering the artificial castle, the seven stars gathered in the seat turned their heads.

'Mahagaruta? No, you're not human, are you?'

Mahagarutha's pupils, which had no guns in their eyes, had two pupils in one eyeball.

“You are welcome, Mahagartha.”

Taeseong smiled sadly and Ban Kija Mahagarutha put his palms together and bowed his head.

“A little while ago, you became a Buddha.”

"yes? I beg your pardon?"

Tsuoi stood up, and Borbor and Mini opened their mouths in disbelief.

Taehyung calmly replied.

"okay. now… … Are you leaving?”

“Two rightnesses cannot exist in one universe. That is the order of the match.”

Nane had conquered the whole world, and there must have been Mahagaruta's rightness in it.

Arte asked.

“What about the altar?”

“Nane swallowed the dream of Ra Enemy. Sooner or later, altars around the world will be opened, and reality and unreality will no longer be separated.”

Mongin Louver said.

“Wake up from each other’s dreams, and only dream of mine. It will be a nightmare. A lot of people will suffer.”

“Even if it’s a nightmare, a dream is just a dream.”

Mahagartha understood me.

“If I am one right, you are another right. He chose to free the dreamers from the suffering of this world.”

Tsuoi said.

“I don't want to. I just want to suffer and live.”

“That, too, is an illusion created by pain, and you only realize it once the pain is gone.”

The moment it cannot be turned back, it becomes the truth.

“Nane is the one I looked at from the farthest. Life cycles endlessly and suffers endlessly. From a distance, this universe is, after all, a living organism. That creature is wandering in eternal torment. without any meaning.”

Mahagaruta looked back at the universe.

“It is not wrong for someone to cut you off. Extinction is always right. Except that there is no turning back.”

Because there was no turning back, Mahagaruta could not choose.

“Now my rightness will disappear and my rightness will lead the world. I can only hope that his 'rightness' is right.”

Taeseong said.

“If I am wrong… … .”

It was the only case where I was wrong.

“What would happen if all living beings formed a unified mental system and rejected him with one will?”

Seeing Taeseong still not giving up hope, Mahagarutha made a puzzled expression.

Having life means being selfish, so we can never be one.

“… … Find a new star. There must be someone to take my place.”

Taeseong's eyes turned moist.

“I will miss you.”

A kind smile appeared on Mahagarutha's lips, and for the last time, a radiance flashed in his eyes.

“… … .”

As if it never existed from the beginning, the stars became complicated as they looked at the spot where the Buddha had disappeared.

'Where did it go?'

A world of nothingness, or somewhere else that transcends even that.

Arte asked.

“Taesung, please teach me. What should the ivory tower do?”

“Let’s look at the ground.”

Taking a deep breath and calming down, Taeseong looked down at the planet under the glass floor with keen eyes.

'What's going on?'

Taeseong's body, which had gradually become blurry, finally disappeared as transparent as air.

The two-star residents opened their mouths in a daze.

'This is Taeseong's ability.'

She could feel every event taking place on this planet as if she were in direct contact with it.

'Gaia.'

Because she is this planet.

* * *

Ymir's presence was overwhelming.

“Hahaha! Exciting!”

Ignoring Sirone and Jin Seong-eum, Lian and Kido's pincers, the cave walls were blown apart by their fists.

'It's not a fuss. The wind pressure alone will kill me.'

The ground spirit's denai was crushing the floor like a swamp, but Ymir didn't even pretend to escape.

“Poor things… … !”

Ymir pushed his body buried up to his waist as it was, but Lian's fist struck him in the face.

'Yes, this is it.'

Ymir shuddered at the spark that exploded in his head.

'This is how I feel alive.'

What if we had to live in a world where no matter was heavier than ourselves?

What if the most powerful stimulus is just a gentle breeze tickling your skin?

'I felt like I was going crazy.'

To Ymir, Lian's fist was a pleasure even if it was painful.

“Goaaaaaa!”

Mungyeong trembled at the battle of the monsters knocking each other without any room for Shimta.

'Damn it! I can't even intervene.'

It hurt his pride that even the insignificant goblins helped control Ymir's actions.

"more! Pour more!”

Ymir's fist, which he threw out in excitement, suddenly disappeared and struck him in the face.

“… … .”

The shock was truly enormous, but his body also had durability that transcended the limits of living things.

“It’s not like this… … .”

Where Ymir's gaze turned, the vocal sound that developed etheric waves was gasping for breath.

'It doesn't work. What happened to the body?'

Ymir, who hit Lian's stomach, turned to Seongeum and strode closer.

"That's why we have to deal with it first."

Fighting like this was no fun.

“Sirone, I will tie up Ymir, so attack. If the two of us work together, we have a chance of winning.”

Instead of answering, I heard a loud kneeling sound.

“Huh!”

When Seong-eum turned around, Sirone's teeth were clenched and both hands were trembling.

"what's the matter? Being attacked... … .”

The voice's heart sank.

'It explodes.'

The moment Sirone's face transcended paleness and shone transparently, the entrances to the 19,000 worlds began to vibrate at the same time.

'come. so huge... … .'

insight.

The wheel of cowardice was coming to an end.

---------------------------------------