Age of Chaos (4)

“It starts now!”

After confirming the quality of the meat by beating it on the guard, Benoff launched an attack in earnest.

Unlike the jab, it seemed as if the hammer flew and crashed, and Lian's upper body swayed as it was buried in the ring.

'Schema.'

It was also quite high.

'Can't I do it in moderation?'

Meanwhile, Venoff's fists were pounding the guard like a shower.

'It's like an iron wall.'

Even if he had solid subordinates, he would have broken his bones and written a letter of resignation if he had hit him like this.

“Let’s see!”

Benoff's legs came up to his head.

"If you break it, it's enough!"

When the impact came from the side, Lian's body was staggered along the line.

'The guard was opened.'

Sensing the shock, Venoff attacked, but Lian's fighting had only just begun.

'Is it slowly boiling?' Many of the practical skills he learned while fighting the demons were hidden deep inside.

'Let's stick together.'

As they exchanged fists, a sound like hitting a leather water bag echoed through the security guard.

“Wow, to be bold and close.” The battle without hesitation in extending their fists made everyone mesmerized.

“The technology is great. I am not allowing a straight hit.”

An iron-heavy fist passed by his shoulder and every time he lowered his stance, an attack pierced the air.

"friendship! friendship! friendship!"

Benoff pushed in and stabbed a left hog into Lian's side.

“Keugh!”

I wanted to feel a stiff feeling, and then a light straight approached me.

Reflexively twisting his body, Lian grabbed Benoff's arm and tried to throw him away.

Benoff, who fell over to the other side as if to stop him, fell sprawled with a thud.

“This child… … !”

As soon as he straightened his upper body, Lian went behind him and placed a triangle choke.

“Come on, let’s try…” …

Benoff, who bounced his upper body, got out of the choke and tackled with Lian's arms.

“This is it!”

For the next 2 minutes, the two giants rolled on the floor with countless ground techniques.

'shit! What kind of power is this?'

I trained my muscular endurance every day, but after only two minutes of facing Lian, I felt cramps in my muscles.

“You give up. Fighting while weary is dangerous.”

“Hahaha! A kid!”

Venoff's muscles twitched.

“Then did you think we were playing house?”

As I squeezed the strength I had been sucking on to release my restraints, Lian hugged him around the waist.

'idiot! Your face is blank!'

Just as Venoff twisted his back and was about to swing his elbow, both legs popped up.

“Huh?”

As Lian's upper body arched backwards, the guards closed their eyes.

'German Suplex! finished!'

It must have been a shock to the point of breaking his neck, but oddly enough, there was no sound of beans.

“What, what?”

The guards who opened their eyes opened their mouths in a daze.

“Big. you you… …

Benoff's head floated about an inch off the ring floor.

“Are you capable of being human?”

The fact that he stopped moving in the middle of a German suplex could not be explained by brute force.

“… … How can this happen?”

Benoff asked with his butt pointing to the sky.

“It is the prosecutor’s conviction.”

It was the strength of the will to endure in this position.

"belief?"

Benoff, lost in thought, cried for a moment, then revealed a bright smile.

"lost. Stop it.”

Benoff rolled upside down on the floor and stood up, while Lian leaned back and raised his upper body.

Benoff, who was watching the wonderful process, said.

"how is it? Aren’t you feeling refreshed by sweating?”

“Yes, thanks.”

It's been a while since I've been stressed out.

"I'm sweating, so I need to wash. I heard you washed up a while ago, would you like to come with me?”

“I see. It’s okay to take a few baths.”

It was a lesson learned from coming here.

the next morning.

It would be rude to compare a security guard's bed with an underground pit in the desert, but Lian's eyes opened early in the morning.

When I went outside, the guards who couldn't see if the early morning work was over were sitting in their seats.

“You woke up early. Has your travel addiction gone away?”

Marshal Venoff had no day or night.

"yes. We have to leave early.”

“I said I was going back home. Is there anything else left to do besides that?”

"no. not sure... …

I was curious about the current situation of my family.

"Right. I'm sorry, but I need to say something to hold you back. I was wondering if you could help me, since this is also a romantic relationship.”

“You mean serial murder.”

“I heard you, so you should talk faster. follow me at once Let's talk as we go."

Heading to the morgue, Venoff confided a story not unlike the one he heard from the guard the day before.

“The general public is not allowed to enter, but if you're trustworthy, I'll show you. This is it.”

When the coroner moved away, Benoff grabbed a handle that looked like a cabinet and pulled it out.

“Hmm.”

Ryan's face contorted.

“Can you feel it?”

The blood-dried, completely shrunken corpse was like a mummy, with its mouth wide open.

I couldn't tell if it was fear or ecstasy.

"vampire."

Venoff nodded.

“A potent dragon species. In fact, it is not that vampire attacks have not been reported in Jive. But this time it's a bit special. I don't suck blood to this extent.”

Even in Lian's opinion, it wasn't normal.

“Even if vampires use blood as their staple food, isn’t there a limit to their camouflage? So it's ambiguous. Maybe it was the work of a human disguised as a vampire.”

"If you're a human, you're definitely perverted."

"yes. The royal castle is gradually realizing the seriousness. But I want to do it with my own hands. It's not out of sympathy, but to be honest, we have to catch and smash this guy.”

“It could be a vampire. Because he is a glutton, he may need a lot of blood.”

It wasn't denying it.

“I have both in mind. If you're really a vampire, things get bigger. If you're a pure-blooded vampire, the Police Department can't handle it. It should be at the level of the ‘kidney’ of the Guards.”

I knew why Benoff was asking.

'A vampire... …

There was nothing to do except go home anyway, and vampires were definitely demons.

"All right. Anything I can help with.”

Benoff tapped Lian on the shoulder.

"haha! You would have known that. I'll make a temporary seat in the department, so wait. You probably won't be sitting at a desk anyway.”

Ryan unpacked again and waited for several hours in the seat Benoff had assigned him.

The call came after lunch.

“Get in the carriage. I have somewhere to go quickly.”

Benoff's face was worse than in the morning, but Lian got on the carriage without a muttering.

The place he arrived at was a mansion that could tell at a glance that he was a wealthy man.

Although the site was not as large as that of the Ogent family, it was too large to be built in the middle of the capital of Jive.

"here is?"

“The first class of Jive, the Bark family. After reporting Mach's knight case to the upper management, a call came.”

“Is it something related to vampires?” Being called out for political work was undesirable.

“Maybe, maybe not… …

The butler opened the door.

"welcome. I received a message from the head of the household. Your lady is waiting for you.”

Upon entering the mansion, a teenage girl was escorted by knights, arms crossed.

“Ah, what! I have to go shopping today! Why are you not letting me go out?”

It was Barque Irene, the only daughter of the family head.

“My lady, don’t you know? Recently, an embarrassing incident has occurred and I am told to refrain from going out... …

“But what if I can’t go out during the day? Daddy is really great!”

“Oh, I have something special today.

It is like that.”

The butler looked back at Rian and Venoff and introduced them again while lowering his head to Irene.

“This is Ogent Lian, the Mach knight who will escort the lady from today. The best master of swordsmanship... …

"it's okay! Enough with my knights now! How much do you plan on suffocating me?”

Even Ryan didn't expect this situation.

“To escort civilians?”

Venoff scratched his head in embarrassment.

“Strictly speaking, they are not civilians. Because she is the daughter of Minister Wang Seong. The hostess is an advisor to the economics department.”

Even so, I didn't understand.

“The other day, I got a warning letter anonymously. It was about beingware of vampires. I don't know if it's a joke or not, but it's a problem that can't be ignored."

It was the reason he kept quiet.

“Look at my circumstances. I'm going to organize a riot squad to find the culprit. Just stay for a while.”

Irene, who overheard the conversation, said with a friendly expression.

“So what, am I black now? It's ridiculous. Hey, Mr. Do you know who I am?”

“The minister’s daughter.”

Irene snorted.

“I know. But I don't carelessly go out with men, right? And I hate big people. With that alone, you have already failed the audition!”

"audition?"

The people who guarded Irene's back were all handsome and slender.

“Hey, kid. First of all, I am not a Jive citizen. And just because you have a good body doesn't mean you have strong fighting power. Finally, I am not a mister, I am an older brother.”

“Puhahaha! he's a brother How old are you?”

Rian replied confidently.

“Twenty-two.”

“Ugh, you’re completely no land.” In other words, I didn't want to be here.

“Hey, Macha knight. Get out if you don't want to. Lady, we are enough.”

A knight dressed in a suit waved his hand and pretended to leave.

She was none other than the minister's daughter, so life was solid when she received attention here.

'More than anything… …

If it hits the eye, it's a jackpot.

“No, fine.”

Irene took a step forward.

“I will hire you. It was because there was a shortage of manpower. Protect our Tonas.”

“Who is Tonas?”

Irene shouted outside the mansion.

“Thonas! Come on!"

A doberman with black fur came running to Irene's arms sticking out her tongue.

“I’ll be thrilled.”

While Benoff touched his forehead, Irene pointed at Lian with a confident look.

"ruler! Keep it!”

Ryan was adamant.

"no. Apologize for the rudeness and take my escort, or I'll just go back.”

"joy! Who do you decide? Didn't you come here on my father's orders anyway?"

“You don’t want to die either.”

Irene flinched at Lian's cold eyes.

“My father called me because he lacked the manpower to subdue the vampires. Since you’re guessing, you’re only holding on by calling in smooth people like that.” Most of the victims of vampires were beautiful.

"Uh, what...

While Irene rolled her eyes, the knights standing in the back gathered in a rush.

“Hey, muscular. You've been pissing me off since I wanted to hear it, but since we're good-looking, did you add anything?"

“The pyramid is missing.”

“......Lady, we auditioned instead of you.

May I take a look?”

Irene hurriedly came to her senses and shouted.

"good! Jailbreak!”

The knights were touching their fists and trying to move a step, but Lian's eyes widened.

Divine Transcendence - Shim Kwon Nanta.

heart strikes first.

- Shim Kwon! Shim Kwon! Shim Kwon! Shim Kwon! Shim Kwon! Shim Kwon! Shim Kwon! Shim Kwon! Shim Kwon! Shim Kwon! Shim Kwon! Shim Kwon!

There was no need to act.

"What are you doing? Hurry up, that cheeky old man...

Irene, who looked behind her with a frown, opened her mouth blankly, doubting her eyes.

“Huuuuu...I”

The knights, who felt as if they had been hit by dozens of fists, were all on their knees in a cold sweat.