Dark Organization (4)

Anyway, since the ronins were also being chased by the 3 major gangs, there was nothing to hide.

“The most influential is the Desperado organization… …

After explaining the power chart for about 10 minutes, he even revealed the number of members and the name of the leader.

Eden said.

“The bosses are wanted in reality. But how do you not run out of food while fighting a war every day? The corpses of the deceased would not be enough.”

“I don’t know that far. It seemed like they were getting food from somewhere.”

The leader pointed to the sea.

“This area is all garbage, and the pollutants are spreading, so the only thing you can catch is rotten fish. The distant sea doesn't even exist. But strangely, there are occasional large ships docked there. It seems to be getting supplies from there. actually… … It is not an exaggeration to say that the war between gangs is to occupy this place.”

"Ship?"

The outer tracks are space-separated, so no means of transportation is required to go anywhere.

'The organization of darkness. also… … Someone here is making contact with the manager.'

the leader spoke.

“In fact, food is incidental, and the real supply is weapons. They call it a machine gun.”

“Machine gun?”

"yes. This is very strange, but the sound is very loud. All you have to do is pull the trigger... …

Watching him make a tu-tu-tu-tu sound with his mouth, Sirone thought of high gear.

'It's a firearm.'

An item that does not reach the essence of magic, but can kill people without any effort.

Even the feeling of guilt weakens.

'When things change, the philosophy of the times also changes. It's a perfect fit for Melkidoo.'

Nade asked.

“I understand the situation roughly. But why are you guys betraying like that?”

“I was good at one time too. Until they were all robbed at the gambling house. I evaded security, but this is just food unless you join a gang. So I was forced to sign up. So, once I signed up... …

“Did you?”

“I was so scared that I ran away.” “Those guys are not people. If it's wrong, just pull it out and throw it away. At first, I joined Desperado, but it was too bloody, so I switched to Red Union. But it was also a den of madmen. So I went to the Johan Cartel... …

The leader's face turned pale.

"just… … Hell. All three gangs are hell. Do you know? It wasn't betrayal, it was running away. If you move on to another organization, that organization will protect you, but now you have nowhere to return to. That's why I live here.”

“Is that more pathetic?”

"haha!"

He suddenly straightened his shoulders, as if he remembered the days when he had the power of the gang.

“7} You will know why you had to run away. I warn you, those guys...

The leader showed his face to Nade.

“They are real bad guys.”

Nade slapped him in the face as he strained his eyes as if he were the bad guy himself.

"ouch! Why are you hitting me!”

“You are laughing. How are you guys different? Just a little while ago, robbery was going to be done.”

Nade got up from his seat.

“What are you going to do? Shall we rob Desperado first? They say it's the biggest of the gang.”

Eden said.

“That's nice too, but you don't know where Mr. Pena is. Let’s go in and see the situation.”

"but."

Nade said to Rongin.

“You guys, stop going. Don't do bad things in the future. Just roll the dice and get out.”

"excuse me??????

The leader approached, kneeling.

“I have a good idea, would you like to form a gang? I will take you as my brother.”

The power of the machine gun was great, but it was nothing compared to magic that handles electricity.

'If you use these guys, it's not a job to take control of all three gangs. Then me too... …

Nade crushed his hopes.

"it's okay. We'll take care of it.”

“Stop that and listen to me. If you use my quick information on the 3 gangs... …

"I'm warning you."

Nade stopped talking.

“Never see me again. We're a bit busy with our schedules, so we're just letting it go. Go quickly.”
The leader bet on the match here because he was the one who had to dig through the garbage 
anyway .

“This kind of food is not good. Because we are the ones who have nothing to lose. can you handle it? In the future, with all sorts of schemes and schemes, you... …

“Can’t you turn off soon?”

Electricity came into Nade's eyes.

“Aaaaaaa!”

The screaming ronins twisted their bodies at the same time and ran as if they were crawling on the sandy beach.

Nade said, straining his eyes.

“Things that don’t make sense, anyway, learn only the bad things. You should do it to someone who can work through threats.”

Nade, Iruki, and Eden were also strong, but Sirone was the strongest magician in mankind.

"it's okay. let's hurry. Because I am hungry.”

While Iruki led the way, Eden, who was following behind, added a word.

“I will not eat meat.”

After passing through the garbage heaps and entering the island, the grim scene of the city greeted me.

Bullet marks were engraved on each building, and some buildings were left half-collapsed.

The main streets were occupied by armed men, while the alleys were huddled by vagrants.

“I guess each gang has a separate area to manage. You can see the Red Union emblem in common.”

"I know. Some have 2 or 3 engravings. It seems there are a lot of the same type as the ronin.”

“How is it over there?”

When I pointed to a signboard that had a neon sign shining from daytime, my friends agreed.

“Because a bar is like a public facility for a gang. I want you to sell something to eat.”

“You can’t use points here. They say you need to provide items or equivalent labor.”

“Let’s go. You can trade for cheap items.”

As I opened the door to the bar and entered, the shirtless gang turned their heads at the same time.

“What is that?”

It was the first face I saw in Corcoras, and the fact that I was young removed my guard.

'It's my turn to step out.' This time, the newly joined Red Union newcomer aimed a machine gun at the party.

“Hey, what are you guys doing? Where do you belong?”

“I have a question for you.”

When Sirone spoke directly, the newcomer raised a corner of his mouth wickedly.

“Keuk, then you’re welcome. Ask anything. However, the price will be a bit high.”

He looked back to Eden.

“Okay, the price I want is… …

“Whoa.”

Thinking that it was not possible to solve the problem through dialogue, the moment Ned was about to step out, he heard a voice from the second floor.

"stop."

The Red Union's action leader was looking down the hall with a displeased expression.

“Ah, brother. Are you here?”

The newcomer greeted politely, but the action commander's eyes turned to death.

“Brother, why… …

"it's okay. take it this way Please come up.”

When Sirone and the others climbed the stairs and entered the room, the newcomer returned with a tilt of his head.

“Why are you angry, brother? evil!" The senior I was waiting for was slapped on the back of the head.

“Senior, why are you like that?”

“Shut up, sit down and have a drink. You are using the best luck of your life right now.”

The newcomer touched the back of his head and asked.

“Do you know someone?”

"I don't know. It's the first time I see your face But shouldn’t you know that if you touch it, you will be fucked?”

“They just seem like docile kids.”

“Don’t look at the face, look at the eyes. Guys like us will do anything to make a living. There's nothing I don't like, nothing dirty. Do you know what eyes are called?”

"well. gang?”

“Eyes of the Beast.”

The senior passed the strong drink at once.

“You have eyes that are cloudy but sad, cold but frustrated. But they are different. Those are the eyes of those who protected them to the end. It's not that they give up just because it sucks, they're the ones who got through it and climbed up.” The old man laughed bitterly.

“Wild dogs like us have to be careful with those eyes. Even if there is nothing scary in the world, you should be afraid of the world itself, bastard.”

The newcomer turned his head.

“What does that mean?”

The senior kept his mouth firmly shut and just filled an empty glass with alcohol.

“Forgive me for the rudeness.”

In the special room on the second floor, the Red Union's captain poured alcohol for Sirone and the others.

“The best drink in the store.”

“Did someone named Pena come? No, has she ever recruited a woman lately?”

“Are you a cop?”

When Sirone and the others were silent, he continued.

“I did not join the Red Union. Also, according to my information, no women have recently joined any of the three major gangs. If you lied about your gender, you wouldn’t know.”

“Hmm, it doesn’t seem to be in the gang.” the action leader said.

“I will prepare dinner. The captain will come and see you. I will serve you properly.”

There was no time for that.

“That’s all right. There's one more question I'd like to ask you. About the buyout program.”

The action leader smiled.

“I have nothing to say about that. Let's talk to the captain.”

That would be a good method, but more than anything, I was worried about Pena's safety.

'Not being in a gang means being on the streets. If you've been hiding for three days already... …

Sirone stood up.

“I will go back today. Come back.”

Knowing that there was no way to stop them, the commander of the action bowed down.

“Please stop by. And if I ask you one thing, don't even think about joining hands with other organizations.”

he raised his head

“I know you are strong. But the fire moth prefers fire over life.”

It meant fighting to the death.

“I will think about it.”

Sirone and the others, who did not listen, left the steamy cups and left the room.

The action leader with his upper body erect took a cigarette.

"shit."

From a very long time ago, a religious message from Corcoras came to mind.

“Why is it now?”

Sirone and the others walked the streets.

“What happened to Pena-san? Didn't she come in the first place? I'm scared.”

There was no possibility at all.

“It is not the time to make hasty decisions. If you're not in a gang, look for bums...”

"you!"

The hooded person grabbed Sirone's arm.

"Ahh! It's a surprise!"

Frowning at the terrible stench for a while, Sirone looked at the face inside the hood.

“Mr. Pena?”

Pena's face turned into a tear-stain.

“Hey, why are you so late? I thought you were afraid to die.”

“… … are you okay?"

It must have been hidden in a pile of garbage, and not only did it smell bad, but it also had grime all over its body.

“You look okay! I haven't eaten anything for 3 days. Menstruation was just done on clothes.”

Nade asked absurdly.

“Why did you do that? I have to go to the bathroom.”

“And what if you get caught? It is best to do nothing at this time. It's the same as dying if you guys don't come anyway. I didn't move anything except my fingers and toes." It is the survival method of the weakest in nature, but being able to do it was also strong.

"thank you for your effort. Come on.”

“I’m really sad. I need to buy you something delicious. I heard a lot of advanced information. huh? Can I order something expensive?”

said Nade.

“Shouldn’t you wash up before that? Even the appetite I didn’t have seemed to run away.”

"There's nothing I can't say to a lady."

When Pena threw off her coat, Nade, covered in the cloak, struggled like a ghost.

“Aww! Why don't you take this off!"

“Puhahaha!”

It was fortunate that Pena was unharmed.