[322] Ephemeral Rift (4)

Ordon's mouth moved nonstop as he made his way to the top floor. Most of them were nonsense, but Kang Nan did not show any signs of being bothered and answered her words.

“What is the percentage of graduates of the magic school in Tormia?”

“I know about 72 percent.”

“Oh, it’s similar to a yakma. Good judgment. You can trust that you are from school. People from the bottom of the street can only do one thing. Their application skills are also poor, so should we use those guys?”

Gangnan felt bad when someone who had nothing to do with magic started arguing about the association.

“However, wouldn’t it be better to improvise in actual combat?”

"haha! Temporary response? That must be petty.”

'Dirty bureaucracy.'

Gangnan's lips twisted.

It wasn't like she wasn't from school either. Well, how can a person who sees only numbers written on documents know reality?

Kang Nan opened the door to the reception room and looked around the room before sighing. An envoy from another country has arrived, but the person staying on the same floor has yet to arrive.

“Please wait here. I will bring the president of the association.”

Kang Nan, who calmed down the situation as if it were a set procedure, closed the door of the reception room and left.

From then on, her steps quickened.

The sound of high heels that made me feel alive cut off. Turning her body at a right angle to her, she knocked on the door of her president's office.

“It's hard. I will go in.”

No answer was heard. Kang Nan, who was not expecting it anyway, vigorously turned the doorknob and entered.

The smell of sweat wafted through the room full of heat. The figure of a man sitting on the sofa terrorized her eyes.

It was not enough to wear boxer shorts that exposed the irregularities of the crotch, and her legs were spread wide in embarrassment.

The man staring at the ceiling with a cigarette, a taboo for wizards, and a cigar, the most poisonous, between his teeth, felt his heart rise and fall as if he had just finished exercising.

A wide chest and a thin waist like a tiger that don't match wizards at all. Her thighs were rocky, and her calves dropped sharply.

However, other women, other than Kang Nan, would scream if they saw a man's body. As if hundreds of earthworms were crawling, every part of her body was covered with wounds.

“What’s up, mutt?”

The impression of Gangnan was fiercely crumpled.

When the wolf tribe was wiped out and he wandered the world alone, he met this man and started a new life, but now he was not a benefactor, but a former enemy.

"What's going on? I told you that an emergency messenger is coming from Yakma. I'm waiting in the waiting room, what are you doing here?"

The man's head leaned over the sofa slowly rose.

Unlike his muscular body, his face was so strong that his cheekbones stood out. The scar that ran vertically through his left eye stood out, and there were only scars all over his lower body hidden by his beard. It gave me an idea of ​​how long he had suffered.

Mikea Gaold, president of the Tormia Magic Association.

He was a first-class archmage, the highest rank of the Red Line, and one of the founding members of the Supernatural Psychic Research Society of Alpheas Magic School.

“The death god… … You said you came?”

“Don't you remember? You said it only an hour ago! Go get it quickly.”

Gaold thought.

I didn't remember. Lately, it seems that the number of times I lose my memory has become more frequent.

How are you?

He took a cigar and inhaled deeply. And he said briefly.

"no."

Gangnan closed his eyes. you have to be patient

Thinking of saving a poor lung, she opened her eyes again and took out an official document with the royal seal on it.

“This is an order given by His Highness Adolf himself. The matter is serious, so it is said to cooperate regardless of the situation. If you don't like it, I'll take action according to the law."

Gaold put his head back on the couch as if he didn't care. He, who had been smoking a long cigar, said annoyedly.

“You are so annoying. He won't let you go even for a second.”

“When it comes to hospitality, every second is disrespectful. Please don't be like the ugly duckling.”

Kang Nan, who had finished speaking, muttered with tears in his eyes.

“Duckling… … .”

Gaold raised his face.

“What is it, man?”

“… … Don't be like me.”

"That's what you said earlier!"

“It was emphasized.”

Kang Nan put on his horn-rimmed glasses with a calm expression and walked to the closet. When I took out the clothes of the president of the association, the old man had no choice but to hit her knee and get up.

“Sheesh! It's not a big deal, just do it. I’ll give you a bowl of muk.”

I wiped the sweat with a towel and changed my clothes.

Gaold threw the cigar on the floor and left the room, striding toward the reception room.

When I opened the door, Ordon greeted me with a bright color. The attitude towards the chief of staff and the president of the association could not be the same.

After the greetings, Ordon moved on to the main topic. Still, he was the best messenger, and once he got to work, his eyes were different.

An attendant brought a portable video recording device to the table. Then a small safe arrived, and Ordon unlocked it himself. When I opened the safe, Obscura B was inside.

“Currently, abnormal phenomena are occurring all over the world, including Yakma. Watch the video first.”

When Obscura B was connected to the device, a video appeared. The scenery of the provincial town, which still retains the ancient style, appeared.

Gaold, who had been watching intently, suddenly showed interest with his eyes shining.

People who wandered around with dozens of tongues in their mouths were eating other people.

Following the screams, the National Guard was dispatched. However, the situation escalated out of control as the guards bitten by the mutant caused the same mutation.

“It's an incident that happened in an area called Kuberin. I couldn't get any videos from other countries besides Yakma. But rumor has it that a similar disease has spread. It is said that there are ghosts in some areas.”

Gaold focused only on the video.

In the end, Wangseong's special forces mobilized and suppressed the mutants. Some of the swordsmen were people whom Gaold knew by name.

The wizards who took the sample cast a huge flame and burned the entire village.

“I dissected the deceased right after the incident. Mutations of any kind are based on pre-existing properties. But the mutations of the deceased did not match the characteristics of any creature here.”

Gaold returned to his languid attitude. And he said, yawning profusely as if he was not interested.

“So what, are you saying this came from outer space?”

The video Ordon showed you would be Yakma's first-class secret. Showing it to a wizard in another country and providing key information meant that the other side had something to gain as well.

There was no way that Ordon, the best diplomat in Yakma, could not fail to notice Gaold's change.

But today I wasn't here to set the negotiating table. It was a transnational issue, and countries around the world were paying attention to this event.

“In the space-time of the labyrinth… … Something seems to be wrong.”

Gaold's eyes, which seemed to be tired, lit up for a moment. However, it was only a momentary change, and she quickly returned to her calm face.

"So what? What are you asking me to do?”

“I want to investigate the space-time of the maze. But as you know, it is a place that can only be reached through the kingdom of Tormia... … . Of course, I'm not asking for independent opening. Valkyrie's approval has already fallen off.”

“To be exact, it’s Alpheas Magic School.”

Gaold expressed his displeasure.

Even if I become a crippled person whose memories are blown away at any time, there are memories that I will never forget. The vivid memories in his mind, like reality, were still sadistically whipping Gaold's mind and body.

Gaold leaned over and crossed his legs. Manners were no longer in my head.

A strong sigh was heard. But I didn't even care about that.

“I will think about it. Go back at once.”

Ordon's expression changed to bewilderment at the unexpected answer.

“Would you like to think? Do you think the reason I came here is to ask you a favor? This is cooperation between countries. I know that His Highness Adolf has already agreed... … .”

Gaold's facial muscles twisted abnormally. As if the devil's spirit had dwelled in Gaold's face, two extreme expressions were revealed at the same time.

“Did you think I would lower my tail if I told you the name of the king? Adolf? What kind of child is that? No one can go without my permission.”

As the air grew hot, the furniture in the reception room began to stir. The mental waves generated by the conflict between the emotion to kill Ordon and the emotion to suppress it are moving things.

This was a self-denial that far exceeded human limits. This time, I couldn't even go strong and swallowed my saliva.

Ordon had hallucinations.

The reception room was gone, and only Gaold and himself were seated facing each other, all around in hellfire. I could smell sulfur and heard the screams of demons beyond the wall of fire.

What kind of life has this man lived? He had met many poisonous people in the world, but he was the first one to terrorize him.

'The head of the Tormia Magic Association said he was a madman... … .'

He seemed to know why Kang Nan had not been kicked out of the association even after beating numerous nobles. The head of the association was an idiot who was unmatched by humans.

"go away. before killing them.”

He was a man who called his country's king his son. Realizing that there was no lie in Gaold's words, Ordon screamed out of the reception room as soon as the hallucinations dissipated. Urine dripped down his pants and ran along the floor.

Since an incident that has already happened cannot be undone, the reception room was enveloped in heavy silence.

When Gaold's life subsided, Gangnan sat down in Ordon's seat and said.

“Did I have to do this? You can return it with a nice word.”

“You are an unlucky child. You were refreshing too.”

"what… … I cannot deny it.”

Gaold took a cigar from his pocket and asked. When he snapped his finger, sparks ignited it.

Gaold was the only one who could use magic in the association where the magic controller was in operation.

“You're going to investigate the space-time of the labyrinth? Why don’t you stick out your neck and tell me to break the back of your head?”

“But what really happened? If there is a problem with the space-time of the labyrinth, Tormia should be the first to appear.”

“Perhaps. It just hasn't materialized yet. Didn't I say that the tongue monsters haunted Kuberin? It is where the ancient Colosseum was.”

“What does that mean?”

“It is not a creature. sort of... … It should be like a concept. That concept came over here and took its place in the area where human thoughts were concentrated.

Kang Nan nodded his head meekly.

If it was Gaold, then so it is. None of Valkyrie's leaders knew more about the labyrinth and heaven than Gaold did.

“Why did that happen?”

“The creature couldn’t come over. The most likely assumption is that the labyrinth's construction has more than a certain level of cracks. If it's a labyrinth, I'll be able to recover that much. But it won't last long.”

Gaold leaned back on the backrest and put the cigar in his mouth between his fingers. Acrid cigarette smoke filled the reception room.

“Kangnan, you should go.”

Kang Nan straightened his back and placed both hands on his knees.

“Please tell me.”

“Sooner or later, something similar will happen here. Investigate everything. Concentrate on finding places where ancient thoughts can gather. Places like historical sites, the Colosseum, and castle ruins.”

After writing Gaold's orders in his notebook, Gangnan left his seat and headed for the door. He didn't need to operate a wagon if it was a solo mission, so it wouldn't be too late no matter where the incident happened in the kingdom.

“Oh, and while I was walking around, Creas also went.”

Kang Nan, who was about to open the door and leave, turned around.

“The place where the magic school is? Do you have something to say to Alfeas-san?”

Gaold tapped the sofa and thought.

There is no sense of early, but there was no time to delay if there was a problem with the construction of the maze. It was time to put the plan I had dedicated my life to into action.

“Sirone… … Meet the child called.”

(end of volume 13)

---------------------------------------