Satan's proposal (2)

Jincheon Empire Sector.

Jin Kang, who was hit by the flesh of the kingdom of Moon, was in a cross-legged position, fighting the spirit of the ghost.

Although the body was already irreversibly weakened, the emperor's coming was firm.

'Cloud dragon.'

Jin Kang's brow crumpled.

'How dare you kill me?' The servants who were lying flat in front of Jin Kang raised their heads at the cool energy.

“Oh, oh!”

Anchal's eyes shone.

'Aura of the blue dragon.'

A bluish energy rippled through Jin Kang's body, and he heard a woman's scream.

"your majesty! The demons are afraid! Give me a little more strength!"

The vision of the ghost was revealed in the blue energy, and Jin Kang finally opened his eyes.

Aaaaaaaaa!

At the vision of the ghost flying like an arrow, some of the servants fell back.

“Hey!”

The ghost, blinded by the resentment, turned away from them all and ran out.

“Cool!”

When Jin Gang vomited blood, Anchal supported him.

“Your Majesty, are you okay?”

"??????okay."

Successful killing did not mean that the already damaged body could be restored.

" your majesty."

“Don’t worry. Because I won't die right now. I can't miss a good sight because I'm a rook like Moonryong.”

Jin Kang's eyes lit up.

“My daughter's enemy. I will see with my own two eyes the sight of his kingdom being razed to the ground.”

Moon Kingdom Sector.

"Ahh!"

The cloud dragon went black, emitting a shrieking sound that could not even feel the dignity of the king.

"majesty!"

Convulsing his limbs, his face turned blue, revealing dark red blood vessels.

“This, this?”

“Reverse kill!”

"No way! Your Highness' residence is a completely flawless shamanic defense zone! How the hell... … Gagging!”

The fortune teller collapsed, coughing up blood.

'Damn it!'

The head of the Heavenly Gate realized.

'It was an age that could not be stopped from the beginning. That's why we forged an alliance with Kashan. If the backfire happened, it's no wonder we can't stop it.'

But it's a contradiction.

'It's an unstoppable age. He even amplified the extreme bitterness by borrowing the power of Satan. But how does the reverse force kick in? The resentment that was stronger than this, the chief's expression became calm.

“Jinjiang.”

Was it that much?

The astrologers of the Gate of Heaven shouted.

“Measures must be taken! At this rate, the flesh will spread and we will all die!”

'To be immature. Will I lose my reason in the face of death even after studying the principles of the world?'

It's already late.

" majesty."

The head of the Heavenly Gate lowered his head to Moonryong.

“Sleep in peace.”

The moment I slowly closed my eyes after those words, blood flowed backwards from the inside of my stomach.

“Cheer up!”

more amplified flesh.

The head of the Heavenly Gate collapsed, and all who remained in the room were fed up.

'I'm sorry.'

The head of Cheonganmun was on the verge of death and tried to understand the situation of Godo.

'Why did this happen?'

A woman's hateful face came to mind.

'Uorin.'

everything according to her plan.

'I didn't believe in Theraze.' power surge.

Just like a crime scene where no evidence can be found, only corpses were left in the Undragon's habitat.

Kashan sector.

While Harbitz left the room, Uorin stayed up all night with Kido.

Kido asked.

“Jibakryeong… … Can I not put it on? Harvits might still be staying.”

Uorin, who had a strong drink in her hand, smiled as she twirled the ice.

"are you okay. I won't be coming for a while. I think I found something much more fun than I did.”

On the one hand, it was bittersweet.

'Is it really for the time being?'

I was worried that maybe Havitz's new game could reverse the words I saw.

"ha. There are only a few hours left until morning.”

Uorin, who was looking at her reflection in the window, raised her glass as if toasting.

“It should be over by now.”

The Moon Kingdom's sector would have been devastated.

“You were planning to overwrite the Moon Kingdom from the beginning, right?”

Sensing Kido's mischievous gaze, Orin Wu smiled and turned his head.

“You covered it. The Moon Kingdom is the culprit, right? This is called winding good punishment.”

At the Code One meeting, the Cloud Serpent gave 10 minutes to design the strategy.

“I really didn't even think about it. After all, the culprit will be the Moon Kingdom. They actually did it, so there's no room for manipulation. Is there any simpler way than this?”

Kidou pursed his lips.

“Jin Kang was absolutely necessary for the reverse kill, and Paras wanted to see his reaction. It will be revealed in the morning The rest, I put in because I needed it.”

“Sirone would hate it.”

Pony, the king of Tormia, was also killed.

"are you okay."

Wu Lin said.

“Creatures feel great sexual desire in situations where their lives are at stake. The instinct of breeding. If death rises to the bottom of your chin, you will gain energy that you didn’t have before.”

“So you're going to put Sirone to death? Do you really think she thinks it's love?"

“If you don't define it, you'll get what you want, Havits told me. That's actually true. All failures in this world come from defining things.”

Kido thought.

If she didn't define herself, wouldn't she be able to make love with a goblin too?

Wu Lin looked out the window.

“Nothing like that.”

“Sheesh! Who said what?”

"It's obvious what the goblins are thinking. To be honest, am I more on the side of hating you? A goblin wearing glasses and reading a book? Just thinking about it.”

“You are really cruel.”

“Huh, try your best. From tomorrow, my life is at stake. do you know If death comes to the tip of my chin, I might get a boost of energy that I didn’t have before.”

All the kings of the temple would have had their necks wrapped.

“What are you saying so hard? You can just ask for help. I am the captain of the guards.”

"no."

Kido wasn't offended by anything Uorin said, but his heart ached at times like this.

'I'm not asking for anything.'

As if it doesn't matter if an existence like you leaves me at any time.

Uorin looked at Kido's sullen reflection in the window with cold eyes.

It's a face that can never be called beautiful by human aesthetic sense... … .

' Intelligence.'

Eating people's memories, Kido has a superior intellect than any scholar.

It was not an illusion that the translucent silhouette overlapped with Uorin's face.

'Why do you hate me?' It may be because Kido's appearance reminds her of her past, when she lived in the age of barbarism.

'A savage age when eating and breeding was everything.'

but.

'What's different now?'

the next morning.

Even before dawn, morning newspapers spread throughout the capital of the Jive Kingdom.

“These beastly bastards!”

According to Rangi, who represents Arachne, there was a secret reception.

The problem is that it was a terrible SM party where one of the female guests died.

Rangi said:

“Most of the high-ranking officials in the temple believe in Satanism. But when you see what they do, even Satan shakes his head.”

The testimony was specific, and the authority of being the winner of the world beauty contest could not be ignored.

And she... … .

“My partner that night was Kish, King of Jive, the country that hosted the temple.”

It delivered a definite decisive blow.

Jive Sector.

“What, there are all these dogs! Ah, what is Rachne doing without taking care of a child like this!”

Aide Myron, who was hit in the face by Geese's newspaper, hurriedly answered.

“Looks like I made some numbers. Shirone's air. This is unexpected.”

It was written that Sirone, the Five Stars of the Ivory Tower, was facing this problem.

It was an unspoken pressure sent to the kings of each country.

"ha! Blood pressure rises in the morning!” Geese wasn't stupid either, so he admitted that he couldn't help it.

Myron took the appropriate attitude.

"sorry. But this will be the last one. I will fix it until the sun goes down.”

"late. The press conference is at 3pm. End in it.”

"All right."

“I mean for sure. I have a lunch appointment, so I'll be right there after that.”

“Are you Mr. Flew by any chance?”

"however?"

"Would it be okay? Like today's article,

You have to maneuver well in this situation and say, “You are talking nonsense. How many people do I have lunch appointments with, and is that all shit? At times like this, if you don’t take care of yourself, you will be more suspicious.”

"but… …

“It's on a different level from things like Rangi. I'm the Chief Secretary of the Magic Association. Do you think I'll be ruined if I get caught? Tormia is also the last chapter. Nothing happened. don't worry."

Tormia Sector.

Flew, who had been closed for about two hours, sat down in front of the dressing table after removing the swelling with hot water.

The Jive morning newspaper was open.

'This is what Sirone was aiming for. Gis is cornered. I need to wake up too.'

Applying toner, she looked at her reflection in the dressing table mirror.

Born as a woman, trained for ten years.

'Before being a woman, you are a professional.'

He is the chief secretary of the Tormia Magic Association who sacrifices his life for the country and its people.

'Let's not complicate things. I'm the only one who can carry out this mission.'

I will definitely attract Geese.

As he was about to finish cremating, an agent from Dante's department delivered a coded note.

Geese, press conference. 3 p.m.

Crumpling up the note and putting it in her mouth, she smiled coldly as she looked in the mirror.

'You're still going to meet me?'

He thought it was safe to meet the chief secretary of the Tormia Magic Association.

'It's a political decision. But Geese, you are mistaken. Of course, I must have risked everything to get to that position. Killing his pride like a worm, and even abandoning his family.'

The only reason great people stumble is because the mind is bluffed.

'I'm sorry, but what we're trying to do is war.'

Fleur tied her hair up in a ponytail.

'A war without limits.'

Delta headquarters.

Seriel, who had been busy with work since morning, found Fermi walking down the hallway.

"hey! hey! Fermi!”

The steps seemed to stop abruptly, but Fermi moved again as if he had not heard.

“This bastard is real!”

Seriel raised her ax eye and approached.

“You promised to send me the angel recipe and chemical formula! Why is there no message?”

"sorry. next time."

Fermi, who answered briefly, continued his thoughts.

'There were assassination attempts in six countries overnight. It must be hidden with the highest level of security that one country can operate. However, once practitioners start processing the work, information inevitably leaks. About two hours or so.'

This means that by the time the holy war opens, all nations will be aware of the situation.

'According to the mined information, the Moon Kingdom will face a reverse slaughter. It's annoying. I have to kill him.'

Seriel jerked Fermi's shoulder.

"hey! Are you ignoring people? I keep asking! How many patients are there now...!”

For a moment she was terrified.

“What are you doing?” It wasn't that Fermi was frowning or giving a hostile glance.

'The expression was like this even then.'

Even though there is nothing particularly different, the strange feeling that I am about to burst into tears at any moment.

Also, that expression.

'So I want you... …

It was also Seriel's only weakness against Fermi.