[89] Group (5)

“I was in an accident when I was young. So his intellectual age is about 10 years old. How did you come to the party when you said you couldn’t leave the room?”

Alpheas looked back at Erina with a complicated feeling. However, she was greeting her youth with an innocent smile, not caring about the eyes of others on her.

As is often the case at proms, she seemed to be looking for a partner. But no one gave her her good-natured smile. With a rather awkward expression on her face, she was busy avoiding her seat after only saying hello once in a while. Even that was possible because of the authority of the Bastard family.

Alpheas glanced at the cap on the other side of the table. As expected, his face was flushed and he was purging. Then she couldn't stand it and shouted at her wife.

“Did I tell you not to bring Erina? Bring it out right now!”

“Honey, hold on. Erina likes to party too. It would be a waste if you try to bring it down and make a fuss. If you leave it alone, I will take it without anyone knowing.”

“Eh! I'm shy. Shame on our family, shame!”

Alpheas pouted his lower lip. I understand how you feel, but it's a disgrace to her daughter anyway. Of course, I am well aware of the position in society of the first-class nobility. Alpheas was also born into a first-class family and was even given the chilling nickname of Mirhi's Light.

'It's just like looking at my old house. Anyway, nobles.'

Alpheas did not take his eyes off Erina until the music changed three times. What I found out was that she was purely enjoying the party. She seemed satisfied with just the fact that she was greeting people.

But what kind of people are wizards? They were arrogant servants who regarded ignorance as evil. I could see him laughing from the front, but then turning around and mocking Erina, who had fallen less.

“Clump. hold on for a second No, you drink.”

After passing the glass, Alpheas turned to the ballroom, and Clump hurriedly called and stopped him.

“What else are you going to do? Please don't make an accident in a place like this."

“The lesser ones are rejecting the favor of the lady because they learned a little texting. As the most popular person in Basuka, I have to step in and raise her status.”

Clump's bear-like strength turned Alpheas back.

“Alpheas. you, that's bad To Erina-san, her sympathy might be taken as a mockery. enough of these people Don't make her miserable anymore.”

Clump was sincere. The usual dark eyes disappeared, and the eyes glowed with justice. Alpheas smiled and patted Clump on the shoulder.

“Anyway, it’s simple. Do you think I don't even know that? So far, I've never lied to any woman. All sins arise from discrimination. don't you know this word? If you start caring, her life will become a caged bird. I have thoughts, so leave it to me.”

“Are you serious? are you really going to do it Hey, hey!”

Alfeas, who was crossing the ballroom, looked back at Clump and gave him a killer smile that everyone recognized.

"don't worry. Because I am everyone’s lover.”

When Alpheas arrived, no one was around Erina. Unknowingly, all of them had left his place. However, she was enjoying her apple without even looking depressed, as if it was her daily life for her.

"hello? It's a fun ball.”

Erina stopped munching on an apple and blinked while looking back at Alfeas. She could tell just by looking in her eyes that she was less intelligent, before they even spoke.

But it was pure. 

It was so pure that it felt like I was projecting the emotions of others like a mirror. Maybe this is her real reason for her people to avoid her, I thought.

"ah! hello! It's Erina!”

Erina greeted with a bright smile as if she realized something. However, her reaction was definitely different from when she watched from a distance. She was afraid of something unknown. & nbsp;

'but. He'll be the first to talk to you first.'

Alpheas bowed politely and greeted. 

“My name is Wizard Mirhi Alpheas. I'm lost in my beauty, so I'm finally here to say hello. If you'll excuse me, would you be my partner at the prom today?”

Erina blankly opened her chin. A piece of her apple rolled into her mouth. No matter who saw it, the emotion of 'what happened to this?' was revealed as it was.

Suddenly, Erina lowered her head. She then, without a word, turned her body and passed Alfeas.

Alpheas was bewildered. To put it simply, the expression 'it was blacked out' was accurate. Was it too close to the standard of a normal person? After coming to his senses, he hurriedly threw his body and blocked Erina's way.

“Now, wait a minute. Was I in too much of a hurry? sorry. It was because I wanted to get close to Erina-san.”

Erina still had no answer. She was just staring at the ground and stamping her feet to find her way out.

But this time, Alpheas did not give up either. He blocked every corner she was trying to get out of and talked to her incessantly.

"all right. If you don't like dancing, we'll talk. Let's talk. I'll tell you a very funny story. Are you interested in constellations?”

“I’m going. I want to go into the room Are you scolded by your mother?”

“Why are you scolding your mother? No one scolds you for her. You came to the party, and this is how I apply for a partner.”

“I told you not to tell me. When he talked to me he said he was a bad guy. I want to go into the room.”

Alpheas was frustrated. No, I was nervous. The technique that won the hearts of many women was gone, and the only thought was that he wanted to make eye contact with Erina one more time.

“I am by no means a bad person. Look at my face. How is this the face of a bad person?”

Alpheas grabbed her shoulders with both hands. At the same time, Erina let out her scream as she raised the game.

“Kyaaaagh! no!"

All the nobles in the hall turned to Erina. It was a spectacle of Alpheas committing atrocities no matter who saw it.

"mom! Help me! mom!"

“Erina! look at me! I'm not trying to hurt you!”

"mom! mom!"

Among the wizards invited was Alpheas's rival, Sarov. While watching Alpheas' absurd acts, he was speechless. I knew he was crazy, but I never imagined that he would be such an idiot.

“It's not enough that you grabbed all the Basuka girls, so now you're even going to seduce a retard? I went crazy because I wanted to succeed.”

Most nobles thought the same. Even if she had less intelligence, she was the eldest daughter of the Bastard family. If she seduced her, her future was the same as mine.

The only person who knew Alpheas's heart was Klumph, but when things got to this point, he let go too.

'Ah, a psychotic bastard. It's shit you made, so clean it up.'

Erina was struggling, close to having a seizure. If she was a warm-hearted person, she would let her go in front of her family, but Alpheas clung to her shoulder.

“Erina, wait a minute. look at me See me.”

"mom! Scared, Mom!”

“Erina!”

When Alpheas shouted, Erina's movements stopped. But a trembling that was much more fearful than before came through.

“Please look at my face just once. I will ask you this.”

Erina slowly turned her head with a terrified expression. I could see the burning eyes of Alpheas. The hot energy was sucked in and even her heart seemed to heat up.

“Well, how are you? Nothing happens. I'm not a bad person. I won't do anything if it's something you don't like. But it's a party. Don't you want to dance?”

Erina's expression was filled with excitement that could not be hidden. Particles of light breaking on crystals, the sound of music by musicians, and the sounds of many people chatting and chatting. She just wanted to laugh like everyone else.

“Miss Erina. i want to be with you Please be my partner tonight.”

There was no answer, but I had no intention of listening. Alfeas, holding Erina's hand, walked to the center of the hall. She was toddling like a baby just taking her first steps. And for the first time in her life, she was held in the arms of someone other than her family.

As the cunning musicians resumed playing, Alpheas started dancing, leading Erina. The nobles looked stunned. Even her Erina's parents looked at her speechless.

Alpheas didn't care. Because Erina doesn't care. I entrusted my body to the music as if only the two of us existed. It was a dance that was far from dignified. But it was instinctive and passionate. Spinning like a top, he often lost his balance and collided with people. The more she did, the louder her laughter grew. By the time 10 minutes had passed, Erina was able to become the host of the party for the first time.

* * *

Playful laughter echoed through the garden. Alpheas and Erina, who almost ran away from the party and ran away, ran frantically through the forest.

Alpheas, who had reached the end of the garden, stuck out his tongue and breathed heavily. Humiliatingly, Erina didn't look very tired. She said her stamina was weaker than that of a woman. Thinking that she should cut back on her drinking, he looked up at the sky & nbsp;

It was a night where the stars seemed to pour inexhaustibly. 

Erina had a surprisingly quiet personality. But according to her words, isn't she the well-known Alfeas in Baska? She continued the conversation without stopping so that the atmosphere did not have time to cool down.

As time went by, I got the illusion that Erina was telling the story. No matter what topic was brought up, she listened silently. Sometimes, when she smiled as if she understood, Alfeas became more excited and poured out her words like a waterfall.

In the end, the story went over to the question of the identity of the photon, which has been a concern lately. 

Is light a wave or a particle?

Sarov defined it as a wave, but Alfeas was convinced it was wrong. But that didn't mean advocating granularity. 

To be honest, I don't know. All I had to do was start by admitting I didn't know what I didn't know.

“Isn’t it very rare? Light is a really strange property. Interference experiments reveal wave nature, but on the other hand... … .”

Alpheas stopped talking when he realized that he was too absorbed in his story. Since he was talking so frantically, he didn't even pay attention to the fact that it was Erina who was listening. She was squatting on her lawn, looking down the garden. But the smile on her lips was still beautiful.

"ha ha ha! Did you talk too much? I think it's the first time we've talked like this for a long time. I usually get tired of it.”

“You are a good person.”

Those were the first words Erina uttered. And Alpheas blinked as if he had heard such a story for the first time. He couldn't figure out why his heart rate suddenly increased.

My mind was confused.

why am i here What the hell am I expecting from this woman?

It was an unknown world. A world where you can't judge anything because the desire to enter and the fear coexist.

Alpheas turned away. She went on with her story as if she hadn't heard her.

"haha! It's embarrassing, but I have to write a thesis because I'm a wizard, but I don't know anything about it. I don't know which way to take the strand. What do you think of Erina? Is light a wave or a particle?”

Erina wasn't disappointed with Alpheas' attitude. She said as she stood up from her seat and looked up at the stars floating in the sky.

---------------------------------------