[76] Return of the Archmage (3)

Iron Krung. Iron Krung.

As I was thinking about that, I heard the sound of chains from the prison cell at the end of the hallway. When a man resembling a wolf appeared, Arcane's eyes lit up with interest.

His thoughts were different from those who jumped out without covering their heads just because a barbed wire was opened. Besides, I liked that he was handcuffed in addition to the shackles.

“There is still one more left. Did you hide your presence? The schema is quite good.”

The man inspected the faces of the fallen prisoners and let out a dejected laugh.

“Heh heh heh, I’m stumped. do you know where this is? West prison called Inferno. Are you thinking of treason?”

“Treason. It's fun. Will you join us?”

The man shrugged.

"There's nothing I can't do if you let me go."

“Even if you couldn’t see, your ears would have been open. There is no freedom unless you defeat me.”

“Haa, that’s tight.”

The man raised his handcuffed arms and scratched his head. The moment the eyes shining through his forearms shone sharply, he flung himself without even warning.

When he swung his foot with the leaping power of the schema that surpassed even the weight of the iron ball, the iron ball was thrust straight into Arcane's face.

“Master!”

pop!

The man bent his knees and landed with a tired expression. He hit a person and this sound came out.

"Sheesh, that's annoying magic."

Arcane didn't budge. The half of the face hit by the iron ball was covered with a black shadow. It was dark skin magic that absorbed shock by maximizing the absorption power of dark magic.

“It’s quite usable. You pass.”

As Arcane cast the power of darkness, a shadow rose from the floor and grabbed the man's shackles and handcuffs.

“Don't move. Your limbs might fly off.”

Before the man could reply, the shadow rose like a blade and spun rapidly. The chain broke in an instant, and the man's skin was not damaged in the slightest. The limitless molding technique and delicate manipulation were the essence of dark magic.

“It would be nice to be free. follow me I have work for you to do.”

“Why are you doing this? Didn't you ever say you'd join?"

The corners of the laughing man's mouth trembled. 

You already know how strong your opponent is. But wouldn't it be meaningless to have escaped if you were led like a cow?

“Money is what drives you. If you help me, you will be able to touch a lot of money.”

It is common knowledge among common sense that wizards are rich. 

In addition, men were also human beings who would do anything to make money, so there was no reason to refuse.

“Whoops, that’s a lot of money. If it's an in-between amount, I'll quit halfway."

The man followed Arcane and left the prison. That's how one prisoner escaped from Inferno.

* * *

Sirone and the others rented an inn after organizing the materials they had collected at the library in a notebook. After two days of discussion, we were able to outline the principles of the Photon Cannon.

“Why does mass exist?”

If there is no mass, nothing changes. And it was a good world in its own way. Isn't it a big deal just because today is the same as yesterday?

But in the beginning there was mass. As if this world should be filled with some new things. 

“Mass is not weight. Weight is a force that acts in the direction of gravity. There is no direction in space. So what is mass? cohesion? But I don't think even that is a complete explanation.”

Nade asked.

“Then what do you think?”

The feeling in my head was clear. But it was clear but not clear. 

“Existence.”

"huh?"

“Proof that you are in this space. Isn’t that what mass is?”

Life is the code only for living organisms. Perhaps mass is the true proof of existence that is used throughout the universe.

“Hmm. I hear it and it seems so. Like the will or breath of the Creator, for example.”

Upon hearing Nade's words, Iruki snapped her fingers.

“God Particles.”

"huh? what?"

“God Particles. isn't it okay The particles Sirone discovered are called God Particles.”

“Oh, are you okay? Sirone, what do you think?"

Sirone always nodded. It was as if he had excavated something original rather than a word created by Yiruki, and he felt like it fit exactly into the omniscience he was feeling.

“I like it very much. And it matters.”

"that's right. Because the wizard's omnipotence is linked to feelings. It is better to use a name that you like.”

In that sense, God Particles was an excellent choice.

When the discussion was over, Iruki lay down on the bed. His eyeballs were about to fall out from digging through books all day.

“Whoa, let’s finish the analysis with this and go back to school tomorrow. Classes will start normally from the day after tomorrow, so let's prepare our minds. Surely you haven't forgotten your promise already?"

Nade chimed in.

"of course. Going up to Class Four this semester. From now on, I will study like crazy. In the worst-case scenario, Sirone could graduate first.”

Maybe.

At first, it was a joke, but Nade and Iruki's faces became more and more serious.

At this rate, Sirone might graduate first. To that extent, the discovery of God Particles was a great achievement.

“Sirone, do you have any plans to attend one more year after graduation?”

"haha! What are you talking about? In the current situation, I am the one with the greatest chance of not keeping my promise. At least you guys are at the top.”

Sirone's words were not wrong, but considering the growth rate alone, it was enough to make her feel a sense of crisis. It was a situation where a student who did not even know how to do it was assuming graduation in half a year.

“I can’t sleep. I'll study and sleep.”

"uh? That, then me too!”

When Iruki got up from bed and opened the book, Ned took a seat at a table in the corner and began to study.

Even if the end comes tomorrow, Sirone was dumbfounded when the friends who wanted to play and see each other burned their passion for learning. However, he soon looked at them with warm eyes. 

'I met some good friends.'

Sirone was the last of the three to open the book.

* * *

Kingdom Education Academic Society Teachers' Association.

The Kingdom Academic Conference, hosted by the Teachers Association, was a place where social and cultural workers such as magic schools, swordsmanship schools, monks of each denomination, schools, alchemy foundations, and the 99 elite artists gathered to present a vision of the kingdom.

Saad attended the academic conference as the representative of Alpheas Magic School. He was on the verge of losing his mind in a situation where discussions on the harmful effects and positive functions of infusion education continued for several days.

'Oh, damn it. Don't they even sleep? Let's go home.'

I attended because I was caught in the lottery, but I really hated it. He was a bully from his school days, and he was self-willed and nabal, and he was careful that he had nothing to do with education.

The fact that there were many decent female teachers was the only consolation. In particular, the woman sitting at the round table across from him was the perfect ideal type.

Everything was attractive, from the flowing blue hair to the playfulness that could not be hidden even in a suit.

'It looks good. Did I say Ogent Reina?'

He was a member of the 99 members, the best group of artists in the kingdom, and was a musician who attended as a disciple of melodious pianist Merhen.

The discussion ended at 7pm.

When an evening party hosted by the teachers' association was held, the enthusiasm for discussion disappeared like a lie. The attendees were busy sipping wine and interacting with people from various fields.

In particular, there were high-ranking figures around Reina that even those who were not interested in the Teachers' Association would have heard of.

'I guess the phrase 'beauty is painful' is used in times like this.'

Saad listened to their conversation while waiting his turn to speak. Most of them were cringingly authoritative words or jokes.

Reina responded kindly without losing her kind smile. She was an unexpected figure to Sade. It was because she had a bright personality that did not match the notoriety of the 99 members.

Art is a technique to deal with emotions, so the power to dominate the public was not at a level that even those in power could ignore.

In particular, due to the nature of the critical function of art, there were quite a few stubborn people among artists.

However, Reina was happily hanging out with people from all walks of life as if she had nothing to do with those rumors.

'Haa, it would have been nice if Shiina-sensei had only half of that personality.'

As I was sipping wine while thinking about that, Reina, who had finished the conversation, walked towards Sade.

“Hello, Mr. Sade.”

"Ah yes! what? But do you know me?”

"sure. You are a teacher at Alpheas Magic School. Ogent's home is in Creas.”

"aha! Yes. I was blinking Nice to meet you."

The two of them talked for a long time in the joy of the trend. As Saad predicted, Reina had a bright and fun personality.

“By the way, is Sirone doing well?”

"yes? How does Reina-san make Sirone? Oh, I see."

Sade, who was the grading teacher for Sirone's entrance test, recalled that the Ogent family was written where he was from.

“Sirone was a guest of the Ogent family. As expected, you have an excellent eye for people. Sirone is doing well. Well, although she had an accident recently.”

"yes? Are you buying? What kind of accident?”

When Raina opened her eyes wide, Sade felt sorry for her. Her pride would crumple when she found out that the Ogent family's pushy student had been suspended.

“Ahaha! No big deal. Since he is an outstanding student, even the smallest things are widely known. It’s an accident in that sense.”

“Aha, that was it.”

Reina let out a sigh of relief. Even after hearing Sade's story, she could guess what kind of life Sirone was living.

“I'm glad you're doing well. Do you have many friends?”

"Sure. It is popular with both men and women. Sometimes I'm too envious. ha ha ha!"

“Hoo. Then maybe... … .”

Reina, who was about to ask if she had a boyfriend, shook her head. As her supporter, it's a question she can do enough. However, the questioner in the heart did not borrow only the name of the sponsor. 

"yes? Any questions?”

"no. I'm glad you seem to be doing well.”

"haha! Do not worry. It's hard to say this with my own mouth, but Alpheas Magic School is prestigious. You can leave it with peace of mind.”

“Huh, that’s right. I'm off topic. sorry."

"no. Rather, I was arrogant. How about going to Creas with me? I'm planning to leave in the morning. I will treat you to a nice lunch.”

Raina shook her head with a regretful expression. 

"sorry. I think I will have to go back to Baska because the performance is scheduled.”

"Oh, I see. this… … .”

THAAD could not hide its regret. As usual, she would have let go without regret, but she was truly a woman to be missed.

“I can't help it. But I really want to see the performance. Would you mind giving us your schedule? I will go to Baska.”

“Oh my, this is an honor. Actually, I was worried. I was wondering what to do if there are many vacancies because bad things happen in the capital.”

“Oh, what happened to Baska?”

“They say that a dark mage raided Inferno and escaped a Class B wanted man. Right now, the capital is in a state of security that is comparable to martial law.”

"dark… … Are you a wizard?”

Sade's brow wrinkled. It may be one of many news, but if you think about it, it was a rare event.

Dark wizards are hard to find in the world these days. Besides, did you have to attack Inferno? And that's just to get one Class B wanted man out?

Dark Wizard, Inferno, B-Class Wanted. 

A scene from history flashed through Sade's mind.

---------------------------------------