[530] INDERCODER (1)

The carriage that arrived in Basuka, the capital of the Tormia Kingdom, turned quickly and ran towards the underground mountain range.

Miro and Lian were riding in the carriage, and the two continued their conversation while facing each other.

He ran from Biden to this place without stopping for an hour, but hearing about what Sirone had gone through through Miro's mouth, there was no time to even feel tired.

It occurred to him that he might have been caught by a great swindler who was on a different level than Alf, but Miro's ability to shatter Alf's sword was clearly not a skill created by humans.

Also your skills.

'The divine transcendence Yashara... … .'

Lian, who was lost in thought while looking at the scenery outside the window, asked.

“Do you know what the word smille means?”

"huh? Smille?”

Lian finally brought up her own story.

From the first time he reached divine transcendence in heaven, to the anecdote of eating Ymir's arm, to the anecdote he heard while receiving <idea> from his grandfather.

“When you hear the hallucination of smille, the wound seems to regenerate quickly. She's already made up her mind not to care about her, but I still want you to know what it is.”

“Hmm, yes… … .”

Intrigued by Lian's words, Miro searched for knowledge in his head, but had never heard of Smille.

'Theraje might know... … .'

Anyway, since he wasn't here, I had no choice but to make an analogy based on what I heard.

“Ymir is said to be the apex of a creature that has reached the final stage of anecdotal art. If you ate the arm of such a giant, you might have the ability to regenerate. But I think a little differently.”

Lian raised her head.

“Rather, I am the <idea> I wonder if it has anything to do with it.”

"You mean the sword's ability?"

“Rather than that, would you say it’s an action that gets involved in something deeper? Grandpa probably extracted an object called <idea> in his dream. But as far as I know, objects are not so easily extracted. According to the guy I take with me, I have to go through very complicated and difficult steps.”

“Then how did Grandpa… … ?”

“I think the village where my grandfather stayed for a while will be a hint. It will also have something to do with the 80 million gold you paid there. In other words, the <idea> had already been extracted, and the grandfather only paid for it and brought it back.”

“But I don’t think he would have carried such a large sum of money while fighting bandits.”

“The person concerned will not be able to know exactly where Drimo came from. Perhaps the legitimacy of the dream intervened. Above all, if your grandfather doesn’t know the world of Drimo, then you have no choice but to understand it, right?”

“Hmm, that’s right.”

Miro raised his index finger as if to emphasize it.

“The important thing here is who the hell did the extraction if not my grandfather. First of all, the possibility that someone else was involved in the dream is slim, and if so, there is only one possibility left.”

Lian swallowed and waited for the next words.

“Pedigree, or lineage. Thoughts that have been accumulated since the predecessors' predecessors created <idea>, someone extracted it from some generation, and the grandfather paid the price and brought it to reality. For now, this is probably the closest guess to the truth.”

"lineage… … .”

“I heard that the Ogent family has both blue and black hair traits? Perhaps the truth is hiding there?”

When I heard Miro's words, I felt like I had found a ray of light in a dark cave.

“Also, that's why I said that the ability to regenerate is related to the <idea>. Isn't it strange when you think about it? A sword that will never be destroyed.”

“Is it strange?”

“No matter how you look at it, it’s not the realm of durability. Therefore, it is the realm of concepts. In other words, the ability of <idea> is precisely this. The information that makes up the sword is never destroyed.”

Miro pointed to Lian.

“If complete innocence was the will of our ancestors, it will also be embedded in the traits of our descendants. If bodily information is compromised, she quickly restores it to its original state. So it also explains why her hallucinations, called Smille, were heard by her grandfather.”

Ryan shook his head in genuine admiration.

Having approached this far with only a small amount of information, I felt like a wizard.

“I think I know something. thank you."

Miro's face was still serious.

“You have to be careful, Lian.”

"yes?"

“Even if <idea> says so, your body is not an object. If the action that happened only once at the moment Grandpa extracted the <idea> is still happening to you, then Ymir's arm may have played a role. But even Ymir is a creature after all, and a creature has no choice but to have limits.”

This was the part that Lian was most concerned about.

“Axing called Denai denies the law. That's why transcendental movements are possible without using the limits of muscle strength, but it's the same as if your body breaks if you're greedy anyway. And when that happens over and over again... … .”

In the end, it cannot be revived and the body is destroyed.

Living with that terrible outcome in one's heart is something that only the person concerned cannot feel, so Miro reduced his words.

"Sorry. Hearing it would have only disturbed me.”

"it's okay."

Ryan smiled.

“There were times when I was terrified, but I’m fine now. Even if the limit is next, I will wield it with all my might. It is the path I have chosen.”

Miro nodded his head reverently.

'Is it a big sword?'

It seemed that the Ogent family's family tradition of overcoming any obstacles was intact in Rian.

“You have arrived at your destination.”

The coachman announced from the middle of the mountain range where the road was cut off.

From then on, it was around noon when I reached the Ardino family on foot.

Miro knocked on the door, but no one came to meet him.

Raising her eyebrows at the sound she heard from inside, Miro turned the doorknob and the unlocked door opened with a creak.

“Puhaha! That's why, when I was young, I was very good. When I go out in town, women can't take their eyes off my face, and I've been hit by a carriage.”

“Oh my, the appearance that God only heard about in rumors is jealous of?”

"uh? Ah oh! yes! Ha ha ha ha ha!"

Miro looked at Enrique and Marsha laughing and chatting excitedly with wide eyes.

Only then did Enrique, realizing that the maze had arrived, suddenly cleared his throat with a serious face.

“Hmmm, are you here? They said it would be very late."

Miro ignored Enrique and approached Marsha.

“When did you arrive? A lot faster than expected?”

"huh? no. I came an hour ago.”

“… … .”

The sight of eating and sleeping together for at least three days passed through my head.

No matter what, the affinity could be said to be outstanding.

“When you want to look good to someone, embrace your parents first. It is the basics of socializing.”

After whispering that, Marsha waved her hand at Lian.

"long time no see. But you've grown a lot bigger than before?"

“Thank you for helping Sirone.”

Ryan spoke the words he had prepared in advance.

Seeing Sirone's work as her own, Marsha thought that the only thing that had changed was her size.

“What is gratitude? It’s not something you do for free.”

As we entered the second floor room along the maze, Fermi, who was talking to Arius, stood up.

“It's fast. I am also your aunt.”

There weren't many people in the world who could find the two unidentified people so quickly.

"I'm busy too, so here's the contract."

Miro put the depreciation contract on the table.

On the buyer's signature line was the name of an archmage named Millward.

Once sold, the chips can be transferred to others, but Theraze was not stupid enough to put his signature on someone else's eating out.

“Good. Then, now only Sirone's signature remains.”

Marsha interrupted as Fermi held up the contract.

“Wait, show me too.”

Marsha was also once used to extracting other people's magic, so it was natural to be curious.

After examining the depreciation transaction contract carefully, she nodded.

“Well done. By digesting chips, battery and omnipotence are activated. You twisted the concept of intake into learning.”

In case there would be a need to take advantage of the depreciation trade, Fermi made his own chip and threw it to Marsha.

“It is a clay chip according to the Tormia official standard. The picture engraved on the inlay in the center contains the type of battery, and the mold pattern on the outside contains omnipotence. Once the chips are taken out, they have a shelf life of three days, after which they corrode.”

“Hoo.”

If it is applied from the moment the chip is taken out, it can be said that Fermi has no expiration date.

You can take it out and use it when you need it.

On the other hand, sellers and buyers must be able to contact Fermi within three days.

“Can I just swallow it?”

"yes. The cells and omnipotence contained in the chip are digested in the stomach for the duration of the contract and eventually disappear. However, as digestion progresses, the balance between omnipotence and omnipotence subtly shifts.”

“It means that the efficiency is low.”

"Yes. When it is digested by 30%, it requires 1.03 times more concentration than at the beginning. 60% is 1.07, and 90% is 1.12.”

“Isn’t it significantly deteriorating?”

“You hardly feel it with a single cast. However, in terms of the total period, it is not negligible. Also, if you shoot continuously for a long time, there will be a difference in fatigue to some extent.”

It was a problem that could not be called a disadvantage compared to learning magic only by intake without any restrictions.

"now! That aside, now it's Fermi's turn. I've prepared everything, so tell me how to get into Under Coder."

“Ah, that was the condition.”

Fermi picked up a glass bottle placed on the bench.

It contained dozens of red pills that looked like beans.

“<Undercoder> is a realm that exists outside of dreams. The reason why I can't go normally is because the moment I try to escape, I wake up from my dream. Therefore, we need drugs that have special effects on the brain.”

“Is that medicine in a glass bottle?”

"yes. It's a stimulant called 'Dream Star'. When the medicinal effect is activated, the brain is awakened and connected to the senses of reality just enough to not wake up from the dream. So you can leave the dream without waking up.”

Miro grabbed the vial and shook it.

“This is absurd. Do you think such a drug exists?”

“It is extremely difficult to formulate because you need to awaken just enough to barely cross the line between reality and dreams. It's quite expensive, and it's not something you can get with money.”

“Are there any side effects?”

“It can’t be because it forces the brain to wake up. Being addicted can be hard. But a few times should be fine.”

"good. Any detailed plans?”

Fermi turned to Arius and said.

“Four people must have the same dream to carry out the operation. This is called 'address matching', and for now, Mr. Arius has agreed to play a role in tuning the mental frequency.”

If it was Arius, who was quick with the human mind, he could trust him.

After all, he had no intention of endangering the maze.

“Okay, then preparations are complete.”

“I warn you in advance, but the final destination is The Abyss. <Under Coder> is just a passageway to get there. If the incarnation is destroyed, you may not wake up forever.”

Since they had already come this far with that much determination, no one was shaken by the life-threatening warning.

"It doesn't matter, as long as I can save Sirone."

Hearing Lian's solemn resolution, Fermi smiled.

'It will be a fun trip.'

---------------------------------------