[704] Desert God (3)

Sirone stared at the girl's face.

'You're not from the Middle East, are you?'

Judging by the crystal ball on the table, it was evidently an astrologer, but he was white and had blonde hair.

“I understand why there are no guests.”

Sirone sat down in a chair and said.

“Because the Akkadian Desert is the source of astrology. If you are not Middle Eastern, you will not be trusted.”

Her courage in deciding to pitch a tent at Vanguard was immortal.

“Then why don’t you get up even though you sit down and talk like this? They tell me to dream of making a lot of money.”

The lack of trust was the same for Sirone, but since they were from the same country, the spirit of sympathy worked.

“I’ll just see you here. Maybe you are good at it, but you are discriminated against because of your race.”

Sirone cleared his throat as Kido and Lian brought chairs and sat down on either side.

“Hey, I’m a guest.”

A soft snoring sound replaced the answer.

"hey! A guest has arrived!”

When Kido banged on the table, she trembled as if she had been electrocuted, and opened her mouth.

"sun… … .”

"sun?"

“Seafood Pasta?”

It was a continental language.

Not yet awake, she looked at Sirone and the others, then hurriedly came to her senses and corrected her posture.

"oh! welcome!"

Sirone said as he hurriedly put on the face covering spread across the table.

“Take it slow. I've already seen your face.”

“Ho-ho-ho! sorry. I haven't been able to sleep all day. Originally, an astrologer shouldn’t show his face.”

Personality seemed good.

“Come to think of it, you use the common language of the continent. Where are you from?”

“It’s Tormia.”

"nice to meet you. I am from the Merhen Kingdom.”

It was Chagall's hometown in a country attached under the Mediterranean Sea.

“Since I was young, I have been interested in astrology, so I studied abroad in Kashan. I studied with Mr. Rosie.”

It was a name I had never heard of.

“Because he told me not to come back until I earned 10,000 gold in Vanguard. It is a kind of training.”

“How much do you get paid for fortune-telling?”

The girl stuck out her tongue.

“Two gold. I earned 360 gold in two months.”

Compared to the city, it was a decent income, but the environment of living in the desert also had to be considered.

“Maybe, I might not be able to leave.”

“Huh, it’s okay. Customers line up when word of mouth spreads. At that time, 10,000 gold is just right.”

“Wearing a face covering will help.”

Understanding Sirone's meaning, she laughed.

“There is a part of that. But there are also customers who come for fun. Of course, now the footsteps are cut off.”

the girl sighed.

“Because I’m a bit lacking in resourcefulness. Customers like it when it is interpreted in a hopeful way, but when you immerse yourself in it, you get so emotional that words come out without your knowledge. That's probably why Rosie also asked me to work at Vanguard.”

Anyone who has formally studied astrology would have expected it.

“Then, who should I tell you about?”

Sirone handed over 2 gold and said.

“I'll do it first. They say astrologers can foresee the future.”

Isn't this the beauty of astrology?

"Sure. That's my job.”

The girl adjusted the pedestal of the crystal ball so that Sirone's face could be seen through it, and put both hands on it.

“Then let’s begin.”

In the way he stared fiercely at the crystal ball, I couldn't find the slightest bit of sloppy tricks from a while ago.

“Is the future reflected in the crystal ball?”

"no. It's a feeling. When you concentrate, your face disappears like a wave and conveys a special type of emotion.”

After watching for a while, she tilted her head.

“Um, that’s strange. Why can't I feel anything? This is my first time ever.”

I thought it might be a scam.

"what? Now I feel... … .”

She stopped talking abruptly, stared intently at the crystal ball, and trembled as if in shock.

“Ah, ah.”

Even after the wisdom was over, she had been in a daze for a long time, and she threw off her face covering and said.

“I’m sorry, but I think there are futures in the world that you don’t have to know about.”

Every time I said I wasn't resourceful, it was quite plausible.

"haha! are you okay. Just tell me the truth. I will never be angry.”

“But it's not on that level. This… … .”

Biting her lips and contemplating, she began to convey her wisdom as if she had made a decision.

"great. You are in great despair for the future.”

it's despair

“It's a dark place where you can't know anything and can't do anything. That is all the future I saw in you.”

It was at the level of curse words, not foreknowledge.

“A great enemy will ensnare you. Then finally... … I will strangle myself to death.”

"what? You say Sirone strangles her?”

Not only the person concerned, but also Lian, who was listening, was dumbfounded.

If you die fighting, you die, but the person who was the farthest from suicide was Sirone.

"sorry. But I have nothing to say.”

'Is that all?'

It was true that he was not resourceful.

“Kick-kick-kick! What an amazing future!”

In line with Kido's laughter, Sirone also raised the corner of his mouth, but to be honest, his legs were a little wobbly.

Ryan came out.

“Would you like to see what my future holds?”

When Lian put 2 gold on it, the girl shook her head left and right, trying to control her feelings from earlier.

'Sigh, but? I'm in really good shape today.'

so i was anxious

"let's begin."

Her eyes calmed down, and the blood drained from her face after staring at the crystal ball for over a minute.

“Oh, this can’t be… … .”

Ryan frowned.

"why? what else?”

“You will suffer endless pain. You will struggle, but you will never get out.”

“Hmm, that’s fine. So what happens?”

"nothing. Just pain, endless pain. Eventually, they die in the most horrific condition.”

It seemed that he was impatient to write harsh words.

"I… … die?”

I thought that one day I might not be able to hear Smille's hallucinations, but honestly, it was hard to believe.

“Puhahaha! Is it creepy? Now, is it my turn this time?”

Kido scatters the gold coins he received from Uorin.

“Look at me too. How will I die?”

Taking a deep breath and calming herself down, the girl peered at Kido's face reflected in the crystal ball.

Just like that, about 5 minutes passed.

Kido yawned and banged on the table, but the girl still did not move.

“Hey, what are you doing? A goblin's end is to make up... … .”

The girl's face moved slowly.

“Why, why?”

Tears trickled down from one of her eyes as she looked at Kido with huge pity.

“Aye! what are you doing? Why are you crying!”

"you are… … .”

The girl squeezed out her weeping voice and said.

“I love you so heartbreakingly.”

"love? What do goblins love?”

Goblins were a fun race.

“A love that tears the heart apart. so it dries up It twists and rots. Still, you can't give up... … .”

The girl was speechless and covered her face.

“Is this crazy! That I die for just that? And if you're sick, I'm sick, why are you crying and fussing?"

that was more ominous.

The girl who had been pouring out tears with her shoulders trembling suddenly came to her senses and lowered her hand.

“Oh, sorry. I must be crazy.”

She slapped her cheek and said with tears in her eyes.

“I really can't? Am I not talented?”

“… … .”

I didn't even know how to respond.

“Ah, this! Get ruined! is that astrology? If it's double desire, I can do it too!"

Kido, who left the tent, shouted so that the girl inside could hear him.

"stop. business must be suspended. don't take it too seriously Honestly, what could be like a happy death?”

“Hey, who is afraid of dying? That's because it's ridiculous. Are you saying you're going to strangle yourself to death? How many people commit suicide like that?”

Sirone was also disturbed.

"it's okay. let's forget everything Where do you want to go and have a drink? When you wake up, you won't be thinking about anything.”

Sometimes, Lian's simple solution was needed, and Kido strongly agreed.

"okay! Let’s order the strongest drink!”

The place I entered was a bar on the first floor of an apartment building.

Dizzy music was heard, and dozens of dancers with their faces covered were dancing on the podium.

“Expensive and delicious! The most poisonous drink! hurry!"

Lian translated Kido's words, and after a while, a delectable feast was prepared to the point that the table collapsed in front of him.

“Okay, snacks are complete. Let's forget it!”

Kido drank the poison as if to wipe his brain with alcohol, and Sirone and Lian also drank too much today.

"I'm a cheater, a cheater!"

Kido knocked the glass down.

"It's just that he's talking about himself in his own excitement. It feels like yeji. Anyway, what is the delusion of humans?”

There was no possibility of that.

“Hey, you guys. Did you see Clarisse before?”

A drunken man at the next table pretended to know.

“Clarice?”

“The astrologer who predicts with a crystal ball.”

"yes. But why?”

When Lian translated Sirone's words, the drunkard burst into laughter.

“Puhahaha! That's why it was a shit-chewed face! Known for being vicious in Vanguard. No one believes her foreknowledge. So never mind.”

“I really love this woman!”

The drunken man raised his hand to stop Kido.

“It's best to just forget about it. Come to think of it, I'm drinking a good drink. I'll give you a drink too.”

As Sirone poured a drink, the drunkard hinted.

“Forget everything and have fun. You seem to have a lot of money, so give the dancers a tip. You will be able to see a great dance.”

"If it's money, it's overflowing!"

As Kido stuck his hand into the gold coin pocket, Sirone said worriedly.

“Height is not good for emotional consumption.”

“How are you? I'm going to dry up and die anyway. let's have fun Suicide reservations should watch.”

The gold coins Kido scattered rolled around the platform.

“Okay, take it! Let’s have fun today!”

The dancers who picked up the gold coins rushed over and bowed to Kido.

Applause from the drunkards exploded, and the dancers' clothes gently flowed down the floor.

When the dancers, who only covered their faces, took a pose that made them feel hot, Kido laughed with his tongue hanging out.

“Khehehe! Was it like this? hey you guys... … .”

When Kido turned around, Sirone and Lian were frozen, unaware of the liquor leaking out of their mouths.

“What is that reaction? Is this your first time seeing you?”

It was the first time in my life, and it was really strange.

'You're completely different from men.'

“Anyway, let’s be gentle. Where would you like to travel with this?”

Sirone wiped his drink and averted his gaze.

“Who, who is the first? It’s because this is unfamiliar.”

It's normal to see a woman's body on a life-and-death battlefield, but it was nothing compared to the current shock.

“Ho-ho-ho! Today is also great!”

Momodo, who watched from a distance as the alcohol was being sold, covered her mouth with a fan and burst into laughter.

Selling pleasure in the middle of futility.

That was the significance of Vanguard's existence.

“Sir, Northcarta is coming in an hour.”

“As of this time, we are closing Vanguard. Activate the drainage system and drain Luna. Don’t forget to block the source flow underground.”

A soldier from the watchtower came down the ladder.

“Manager! About 40 people are coming down fast from the north. It will take about 10 minutes.”

“You’re late. Lucky for you. Please let me in.”

"however… … It is not an idea.”

“Not a merchant?”

“Looking at the flag, it looks like the Magan bandits.”

Momodo's eyes grew cold.

“Hoo?”

Recently, it was the most famous bandit in the central Akkadian desert.

---------------------------------------