After all, humans (3)

Abyssal Cliffs.

The area where the 12.4 magnitude earthquake swept through was no longer a valley.

As the land swept away by the waves was torn apart, endless cliffs were formed.

“Big!”

At the bottom of the deep cliff, Yu-Jung kicked up the air and jumped.

Her golden eyes gleamed terribly in her eyes covered in black dust.

“Sir… … Wow! Kuck!”

Air leaked from the cut in the throat.

'Where are you?'

The corpses of demons filled half of the landscape, but Satan was nowhere to be seen.

After shaking off the dust, Yu-jeong pulled out a strand of hair that was shiny like a wild horse.

'Healing line.'

The hair in the air began to vibrate rapidly, emitting golden light.

As the string of light created a new phenomenon, Yu-jeong's throat slowly healed.

“Huh!”

When the hole in her neck disappeared, she was the first to take a deep breath.

“You son of a bitch!”

He opened his eyes and let out a roar.

“Don’t hide, come out!”

Meira of swear words spread all over the place, but the corpses of the demons remained silent.

“Sheesh! Did you run away?”

Just as Yu-jeong was about to pursue Satan, swinging her yeoui-bong, footsteps were heard.

"huh?"

As she turned her head indifferently, a tension she did not even know existed appeared on her face.

Tess was looking at the oil well through a 20-meter-wide crack in the ground.

“Are there any survivors?”

She is the daughter of the spy family Elzain, so she is the right person to look at the size of the earthquake and the trend of the demons... … .

'It's not that woman.'

The person who sent chills down Yu-jeong's spine was Rian, who had just landed next to Tess.

"huh? Are you human?”

Yujeong blinked and stared intently at Lian, who was looking this way.

'Hwaangeumjeong.'

When I saw the truth of the world with penetrating eyes, I was able to realize the true nature of the horror.

'It's the same as me.'

He was the one who realized the idea.

“I am not human.”

Rian tilted her head at Yoojung's words.

“Then is it a demon?”

“It’s a stone monkey.”

Tess turned her head with a puzzled expression.

"What do we do? You seem to be in shock.”

“No, it must be true.”

She was a woman with such a huge presence that I couldn't help but believe her no matter what she said.

“Did you cause the earthquake?”

Hearing Ryan's question, Tess frowned.

“What nonsense… …

An earthquake of magnitude 12.4.

As the entire cliff in the abyss collapsed, the dynamics of the demons could not be confirmed.

'It's not something humans can do.' Yoojung said.

"huh. did I?” Tess's face went blank, and Lian and Yu-jeong, who were staring at each other, asked at the same time.

“Who are you?”

Static again.

This time, Lian spoke first.

“We have to investigate what happened here. Could you please cooperate?”

“Hmm, cooperate.”

Tess' face turned red as Yoo-jeong put her hand in her pants and scratched it.

'What is a real monkey?'

Yoojung said with a smile.

" Nope?"

“Then I have no choice but to ask.”

The moment Lian grabbed the Daejikdo, an afterimage of Yujeong appeared in front of him.

'Fast...

Before he could even begin to think, Yeoui-bong rushed into Lian's forehead.

Lian, who avoided the attack by turning his head, aimed at the enemy's waist and brandished a great sword.

Kurrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr!

Macha's single sword split the world horizontally.

'I avoided it.'

Ryan's gaze turned to the sky.

It didn't feel like she was faster than Natasha, but her reflexes seemed to surpass her.

Yoojung's eyes twinkled.

'You're attacking information.'

Immune to physical force, she realized why she was decapitated by Havitz's sword.

"then… …

After she pulled out her hair, a Buddhist string phenomenon occurred, resulting in numerous alter egos.

“What is that again?”

Lian gritted his teeth and raised his sword at the sight of him falling, filling the sky.

As a huge flash passed, the field of view opened, and the substance of the oil well crashed through it.

“Kiyiyi!”

The moment Yoojeong swung her Yeouibong vertically, it increased in length and hit Lian's great sword.

“Big!”

What I realized at the moment of the collision was that it weighed several tens of tons, and it was even increasing.

“Is this all?”

At that time, Lian, who had both legs buried in the ground up to the knees, lifted the great straight sword.

'It has no weight.'

Yu-jeong, who reduced Yeoui-bong to the speed of light, landed on the ground and rotated once.

“Lilacing the Ecriture.”

When I stretched out my legs wide and held out the yeoui-bong, an afterimage spread out like a shotgun.

Puff puff puff puff!

Dozens of holes burst through Lian's body.

w twist 99

The moment she looked back at Tess with a meaningful smile, Yoo-jung's expression froze.

Even in front of the death of a colleague, it was a moment to feel strange at the calm face.

“Whoa!”

Feeling goosebumps, I looked away, where Lian, whose body was regenerating, was standing there.

Wood deok! Wood deok!

As the muscle fibers twisted, Lian, who had suddenly transformed into the body of a yaksha, struck down the straight sword vertically.

' I have to stop... …

Yu-jeong withdrew her pole and tried to defend her head.

'what?'

As if in a dream, time passed slowly and the arms did not rise.

'uh? uh? uh?'

As the world opened from behind Lian, the will to cut was rushing in.

Yoojung screamed evilly.

“Kiyaaaa!”

The Daejikdo strikes the center of Yeouibong, which was barely timed, like a thunderbolt.

“????????

Yu-jeong's pupils shook, and indescribable power rushed into her arms.

jump.

At the time when one thousandth of a second was divided again into a thousand, I could see Yeouui Peak splitting.

' iced coffee.'

A strikingly beautiful blow.

'If it fits over there... …

Just when I felt my hamstrings tingle, Daejikdo stopped in front of my forehead.

“Why not avoid it?”

"huh?"

She, who had opened her lips like a monkey, came to her senses and stepped back.

“Oops.”

He was so absorbed that he forgot that Rian's sword could destroy him.

“It’s embarrassing.”

Yu-jeong, who bent her waist awkwardly, continued to rub her thighs back and forth.

After roughly finishing the arrangement, she threw away the half of Yeoui-bong, which had been split in two, and aimed at Lian.

"what is your name?"

“Ogent Lian. you?"

“I am Son Yoo-jung.”

It seemed like the name of the Jincheon Empire, but there was no way that such a strong person would not be known.

“Where are you from?”

Yoojung pointed to the sky.

“Heaven. I like you in particular, so I'll tell you. Heaven's army descends... …

A huge voice exploded from the sky.

“Son Yu-jeong!”

Raising his head at the voice that pierced his heart, the archangel Ikael frowned.

Yujeong raised her head and bared her fangs.

“Sheesh, why did that lady come? I'm trying to play properly from now on.”

“Son Yu-jeong. Indulgence is understandable, but breaking the laws of the Heavenly Way is unacceptable.”

“What if I can’t tolerate it?” As Ikael's eyes widened, Yoo-jung's body began to harden like a stone.

“Great!”

“Even if you are not a Buddha, there are many ways to redeem your freedom. If you go against my wishes one more time, then I will disqualify you as a creature.”

Yujeong's eyes turned to Lian.

“It’s embarrassing… … !”

Get stuck here?

“That’s how it happened.”

Rian looked up at Ikael and asked.

“If Heaven's army has infiltrated, does that mean that Ymir is also here?”

At that moment, the restraint of Yujeong was released.

“Kiyi! sure just... …

Her body was hot and she was about to soar into the sky, but Ikael opened her mouth.

“Are you Lian?”

"huh?"

Yu-jeong let go of her murderous intention and asked.

“You know this guy?”

Ikael remembered the blue-haired boy who had blocked Ymir's alter ego with physical bullets.

'It's been a big deal.'

At the time, they were mere humans, but now they were the first priority of the heavenly army.

‘I’d like to deal with it now if possible, but… …

Making hasty judgments before finding Buddha would have a negative impact on the future.

“Wait, Lian. Ymir will find you even if you are not in a hurry.”

Yoojung's head turned around.

“Ymir? Are you going to fight him?” There was no answer, but it was a fact that could be known just by looking at Lian's eyes burning with fighting spirit.

“Oh my.”

With a meaningful smile on her face, Yu-jeong flew up into the sky and stood next to Ikael.

“Let’s fight again next time, funny man.”

“Those… … !”

Tess stepped forward and tried to shout, but Lian raised her arm to stop her.

“Let’s send it for now.”

Ikael's wings flashed, and at the moment of the flash, his body stretched out at a terrifying speed.

Lian, who was watching the long clouds created by the oil well, turned to Tess.

"are you okay? Where are you hurt?”

“At least the shrimp didn't burst in the whale fight. Anyway, let's go back and see.”

"okay. In this amount of time, the temple would have already figured it out. All that remains is an all-out war.”

Ymir is coming.

“Are you okay? Hell's Army

do… …

Tess stopped talking when she saw Lian, who was trembling with a flushed face.

'Well, since I've been chasing after his afterimages until now.'

Because she was also a prosecutor, she could understand Lian's complicated feelings.

“No need to worry. You are the best swordsman in the world. Even the king of giants is no match.”

Ryan smiled eerily.

"come."

For the first time, it felt like time was passing slowly.

“How was it?”

Ikael, who had not spoken a word since escaping the cliff of the abyss, asked Yoo-jeong.

"huh? what?"

“A person named Lian. I bet you, crazy about fighting, don't have any thoughts.”

Yoojung showed off her bright colors.

“Of course it was awesome! It's been a while since I've been there! Oh, I want to fight again. If it's that person, I don't think I'll get tired of fighting for 100 days."

That wasn't what Ikael wanted to hear.

“Of course it is. Because they are descendants of Ogent.”

"huh? Ogent?”

Yu-jeong, who had been searching for memories for a while, suddenly raised her eyes and shouted.

"what! Ogent!”

The one who stood up against Ymir with a human body.

"that's right! Come to think of it, he said it was Ogent Lian! ah, that's right Whoa, a descendant of Ogent?”

Yoo-jeong is proud of her bloodline, but there was a feeling that Ogent was slightly pushed aside.

“So I am asking. You too have competed with Ymir. What if the two fight?”

If Rian had surpassed the power of his ancestors, Ymir could be in danger as well.

“Is it really Ogent? Wow, check out that legend. what a waste! Ikael, who would have at least heard of Ogent's exploits if he knew sooner, frowned.

“Son Yu-jeong!”

"huh? uh, why'?”

“Aren’t I asking, which side has a better chance of winning if Rian and Ymir collide now?”

Yoojung blinked her eyes.

“What are you talking about? Of course, I heard that a person named Ogent was the strongest in the history of Heaven... …

As she judged Rian and Ymir, she laughed and raised her index finger.

“Of course, Ymir is no match. It will probably turn to dust in 3 seconds. Oh, if it's the main body, of course.”

“… … is it."

She felt old because she had a history of humiliation from Ogent, but there seemed to be no need to worry.

“In addition, I am the only person in the universe who can defeat Ymir. Of course, right now I'm not willing to stay still, but if I want to... …

In spite of the endless chatter of Yujeong, Ikael only urged his way.