[729] Body (2)

* * *

Labyrinth Andre - World No. 19000.

Andre's last world sealed by Guffin was a place that Sirone couldn't understand with common sense.

“Ooooooooh.”

An innumerable number of human beings were groaning bizarrely while clinging to each other naked.

'damn! Where the hell are you?'

It had been pushing through people for six days already, but it was only filled with humans, humans, and human bodies.

I was about to lose my mind.

“Aww! Aaaaaa!”

There were men and women, children and old people, even newborn children, but there was nothing to learn in this world.

'I'm not human.'

In fact, the humans here had no idea.

'If I had an idea, I would have gone crazy.'

It was all about repeating feeding and breeding while living limply like a brain-paralyzed creature.

'I have to find an exit.'

The most serious problem was that even after crawling through people for days, there were only walls made of steel.

'I can't do that. Because nutrients are supplied from somewhere, living things can live.'

As cold water dripped onto her head, Sirone cast Shining Magic to illuminate her surroundings.

'Is this again?'

It is presumed to be the only form of food for people in this world, and when you look at the taste, it is richer in nutrients than water.

After staring at the people drinking the liquid, Sirone turned over and headed towards the ceiling.

'Liquid supply is about 1 minute. In the meantime, I have to get out.'

It was probably the only way.

“Turn it off!”

Finding a gap where the limbs were intertwined, Shirone pushed her head in and climbed through the swamp of flesh.

'hurry! hurry!'

Finally, light came through the crack in the iron door in the ceiling.

“Whoa!”

The iron door began to close again when the focus was shaken by the fresh air tasted in a few days.

Shirone, who threw herself and rolled on the floor, confirmed the identity of the place she had been staying so far.

“That… … .”

It was a steel structure connected to the underground like a waterway. The instructions engraved long ago remained blurry.

human storage. Building D, Room 274

“Human storage?”

On top of the protruding steel structure every 100 meters, ball-like spheres were flying and spraying water.

"drone?"

It was the first object I had seen, but strangely familiar.

'Have you ever been here?'

No terrestrial life was visible, and the sky was covered with electrical clouds.

-It's been a while, Sirone.

A drone flew in and opened the lens in front of Sirone.

“How do you know me?”

-Because we met. It's been about 600,000 years.

The surface of the drone was heavily rusted, and the voice leaking out of the broken lens was also bizarre, mixed with noise.

As if reading Sirone's emotions, the drone pulled out a thin hose and pretended to wipe herself.

-Do not worry. Repairs are still possible. I realized the concept of indolence. That's efficient.

Sirone pointed to the human storage.

“Did you lock people up there?”

- Efficient management. It is to maintain the object in a direction that minimizes the waste of power. My power source only has 100 million years left.

said the drone, looking up at the electric cloud.

-I like that sky. You probably won't like it from a human point of view, but it doesn't matter. No one wants to get out of the barrel anymore.

“Aren’t there any normal people?”

-Everyone is fine.

The drone's hose pointed at Sirone.

-If you're talking about people like you, well. That's something I can't figure out either. The Utopia project was perfect. They still enjoy eternal life.

The drone shuddered and malfunctioned.

- There is no one in utopia. enjoying eternal life But why is there no one there? coward? infinite?

Argo, the manager of Utopia, went mad while calculating cowardice and infinite contradiction.

- The population continued to decline.

Leaving posterity was not an important issue for those who were endlessly digging into the virtual world.

- The project was perfect. death cannot exist. why does it decrease to prevent extinction of the species.

The drone hurriedly looked back at Sirone.

- You don't have to think about it. You just don't have to realize that you're alive. You are working hard.

Sirone captured the ruined gray landscape in her eyes.

'This is the last world... … .'

mental end.

No one would know that the universe existed here anymore.

'And this... … .'

The last point the concept of cowardice can reach.

-go.

said the drone.

-Do the same thing as last time. I'm not doing any new operations anymore. Sloth is efficient.

Argo will not find a better solution.

“Same thing as last time… … .”

guessed what

'It's liberating.'

Sirone's eyes filled with sadness when he remembered the people in the human storage.

As Sirone slowly closed her eyes and opened her arms wide, Argo said goodbye.

- Utopia project is perfect.

* * *

"ha! ha!"

Leaning her back against the building, Lian desperately lifted her staggering, bent knees.

'I can't fall asleep.'

He hadn't slept at all for six days.

- Smille. Smille.

The fact that you can hear the hallucinations of Smille even though you are just breathing means that your body has already reached death.

The building collapsed with a roar, and Bak-nyeo approached in a naked state with a sword hanging down.

'How are you holding up?'

Lian's eyes were indifferent to the woman's body.

According to Tsuoi's theory, if you keep your spirits together, you won't be able to see your underwear.

“Krrrrrr.”

A harsh moan escaped from the woman's mouth.

'It's not normal.'

At the same time as Rian, who was the only comforter, bounced her back off the wall, Bak-nyeo rushed.

'My legs don't move.'

Rian, who jumped out at a terrifying speed, struck her sword straight.

'My arm doesn't move.'

A great straight sword descended like a flash toward the crown of Baknyeo's head.

“Yaaaaa!”

In front of the vision of the world splitting in two, Park Nyeo rolled her eyes and went behind Lian.

“Keugh!”

Without even jumping, she turned upside down and landed on Lian's neck with her knee, knocking her down.

'choke!'

It was a strategy that Park Nyeo found after six days of fighting.

“Big!”

With her face buried between her legs, Park Nyeo squeezed Lian's breath and curled up like a cat.

“Kreur! Krrrr!”

Then he lifted his elbow and started hitting Lian's head like crazy.

Hearing the sound of his skull breaking, Lian felt his consciousness fade away.

'no! If you lose your mind, it's the end.'

If you can't breathe for a long time in suspended animation, you may never wake up.

'I have to get out now!'

As Rian, who got up, ran with her head in front of her, a lot of cover hit Park Nyeo.

“Krrrr… … !”

Nevertheless, Baknyeo hooked her legs like a padlock and continued to hit Lian's head.

Finally, Lian's consciousness is cut off.

- Smille.

For the first time, the hallucinatory voice was heard clearly.

'what?'

With his brain crushed, what Lian was looking at was an ancient man with long black hair.

"brother?"

At first glance, his appearance reminded me of Ogent Lay, but his eyes were even colder than that.

"who is this? Where is this?”

"flesh."

When the man passed his hand behind his back, a large straight sword similar to Lian's appeared and descended in an arc.

'That's... … idea?'

I wondered how a man could own an object that was only one in the world.

'No, where did you come from?'

"mental."

The man who spat that out strode forward and swung a great sword right in front of Lian's eyes.

“The body drives the mind.”

A vertical flash of light penetrated Lian's forehead and expanded to the left and right, opening the world.

At the same time as Rian's eyes opened, Park's monstrous sense foretold danger.

'what?'

As soon as they moved away, the big straight sword drew an oblique line and Lian jumped up.

“Heo-eok! Huh!”

As Lian's broken brain regenerated, consciousness returned as if a film had been connected.

'It was cut.'

Bak-nyeo's right eyelid was torn diagonally, and blood gushed out.

'how?'

Bak-nyeo was already convinced of the danger before Rian swung the sword.

However, as if time had slowed down, his body did not move even when he saw the sword flying.

“It is not a sword.”

Lian, who was recalling what had happened while in suspended animation, muttered with enlightened eyes.

“What the body wields is the mind.”

- Do you understand?

What Quan had shown in Radum, the true intentions contained in the sword rushed in, and a shudder arose.

“Is it a sword?”

Park Nyeo, who was in the posture of a beast, stood up and a V-shaped incarnation was born as if it were about to explode.

"to the end… … You came.”

Bak-nyeo's figure disappeared as if evaporating, and Lian's mind moved faster than he was aware of.

'Cut!'

My heart first cut Bak-nyeo.

'death.'

Lian's arm didn't even move yet, but that was nothing more than an instant stretch of time.

When I saw Lian's sword, which started late, I twisted my upper body as much as I could, but it didn't move even one millimeter.

'How fast is it?'

Perhaps the speed of thought.

Lian's arms burst open with a thump as a flash of change split the world apart.

“Aww!”

The big sword fell to the ground, and Lian, whose arm had disappeared from the shoulder, frowned.

“Is that your own sword?”

The moment she lifted her head, a line was drawn from her stomach to her navel, and blood gushed out.

Even though 11,200 years of life were coming to an end, the eyes waiting for death were calm.

“Clean up well. It's a good technique.”

“… … Do you have any last words?”

They met as enemies and fought for their lives, but I thought I could listen to their will.

It opened softly in the mouth of Park Nyeo, who was staring at the sky.

“I think he had a son… … .”

It was a very old story.

"okay? How did it go?”

“How is it… … .”

Park Nyeo's eyes slowly closed.

“He is dead.”

Lian wished Park Nyeo rest in peace.

'Living, facing death.'

Isn't the eternal life of an eternal life so simple when you get to the goal and look back?

“Sirone.”

Since the battle wasn't over yet, Lian lifted the great sword as soon as his arm regenerated.

"I hope it's not too late."

As I ran toward Andre's entrance with a tired body, I saw Kido burying his face in the soil.

“Kiddo!”

Rian, who hurriedly turned Kido's body, patted his cheek while brushing the dust off his face.

"Wake! Kido!”

"eww… … .”

Kido's pupils moved left and right as his trembling eyelids opened softly.

“Lian?”

Kido, who came to his senses, suddenly stood up.

“What about Sirone? What happened?"

"I don't know. I just finished the battle. What about the Magan bandits?”

Before Kido could answer, Rian checked the body of the vice-captain who had collapsed at the entrance and nodded.

“Here it is. I will look for Sirone.”

"What are you talking about? Of course I have to go too.”

As he raised himself up holding the broken spear in both hands, a scream was heard from inside Andre.

"what? The Maga bandits were wiped out... … .”

Before Kido could finish his words, Lian kicked off the ground and jumped into the labyrinth.

---------------------------------------