[652] Air of Life (1)

“Uh, how… … !”

Austin is a veteran.

The proof was that he had completed numerous requests for 30 years and was still playing active duty.

It wasn't a great adventure, but ugly and disgusting things are rather hiding in the curtain of ordinary life.

If his life were compiled into a book, ordinary people would dismiss it as a madman's diary or a pornographic novel, but the things he went through were definitely real, and his heart didn't even respond to quite a few things.

For example, if a friend of 10 years stabbed him for no reason, he would undoubtedly slit his throat with the dagger hidden in his sleeve.

'Is it a monster?'

When he saw hundreds of pupils popping out of Sirone's robes, Austin felt his heart beat faster than in the first time in a long time.

My ribs hurt, and unfamiliar nerve action disturbed my brain, causing me to feel dizzy.

“Big! this… … what… … !”

When the spear and death thieves, who had been swaying on the floor, stood up with their arms trembling, Sirone realized that their skills were not normal.

'It moves in an antithesis state?'

Although he split the power into hundreds of minutes and radiated it, it was normal for bandits with his common sense to not be able to lift a finger.

“There! Kill that guy!”

Another group of spearmen jumped down from the hillside on the other side.

Just looking at the height of the leap, it was possible to know that he was a master of the schema.

Austin shouted, burning flames in his hands.

"be careful! Spear and death thieves!”

Composed of only spearmen, they were anti-Kazra infiltration spies secretly trained by the Tormia NIS, but they were combat elites who resented being turned into a phantom unit due to diplomatic issues and transformed into bandits.

“Cut those eyes!”

True to the mindset of a soldier who values ​​results, they found a solution, desperately overcame the antithesis and built a human barrier.

As the troops of the rearguard pushed their spears through the gaps between their comrades, 20 spears crossed like the combs of a wagon and penetrated Sirone.

'Damn it, it's over.'

As Austin, who had already left his seat, thought so, an extremely fast curtain of light exploded in the place where the spearmen were gathered.

“Aaaaaaa!”

The bodies of the spearmen who had been caught in the multiple beams twisted at will, and Sirone, who was still nailed to the spot, lowered her center of gravity, and huge wings of light fluttered from both shoulders.

“Shoot! I mean pour it all out!”

Sirone's gaze was aimed at the thieves floating in the sky.

They were equipped with various fighting methods using the terrain and features of the Underground Mountains, and the magic bullets fired from the sky were clearly threatening.

Mountain roads were destroyed by magic bullets pouring down like rain, and finally, when the explosion completely covered the landscape, Sirone flew up with its wings flapping.

“Shoot! shoot! Shoot!”

As the leader of the Dark Ear fired a series of shots at the flying Sirone, dozens of magic bullets followed.

As the light wing fluttered forward and stopped, the magic bullet exploded at the midpoint due to the wind pressure that became almost solid.

“Uh-oh… … !”

The aftermath of the wind shook even the hang glider unsteadily, followed by dozens of photon cannons that stretched out like flashes.

Puff! Pupperpuppung!

With the power of being driven by iron balls, the bandits died before they hit the ground, and it took less than a minute for their 60 troops to be annihilated.

“What kind of magic is that?”

Austin, who was staring blankly at the flashing air battle, suddenly felt his feet lift.

Then, the claws of the Beast Cat Bandits, running like beasts, passed in front of my eyes.

Looking back, he realized that Rian was holding on to his waist and was running.

“Let me down! I have to fight... … .”

“Stay still. Not at that level.”

The wild cat's movements, which had nested in the rough terrain of the Underground Mountains, were animalistic and fatal to wizards.

Lian swung the straight sword with only one hand, and the sound of flesh and bone being cut interrupted each time the air cracked.

“Kill! Don't miss it!”

It was a beast cat that arched and leaped like a cat, but Lian retreated with a movement that defying inertia and defeated the enemies in front of him one by one.

After stepping back 100 meters, the corpses of the Beast Cat Bandits were lined up in a row.

The overwhelming difference in ability rather made every battle seem easy, and Austin was appalled by the consequences of ignoring the science of numbers.

'This is just a massacre.'

“Oohhh!”

As Austin raised his head in a spirit so great that his eardrums burst, Alphasa, the vice-captain of the Red Blade Thieves, was charging at him brandishing a large axe.

'This guy is different.'

An orthodox style that does not rely on miscellaneous skills and fights only with schema abilities.

As Lian set up a straight sword and took the blow, Alphasa screamed again and pushed in like a rhinoceros.

“All stuck!”

Then, as the 10 members pressed close to Alpha's back, Lian's legs dragged to the ground as the arm holding the big sword bent.

“Huh!”

When the charge was over, it was after being pushed back by a whopping 20 meters.

'What kind of children do you have?'

Alpha Corporation looked in wonder at Lian, who supported the weight of 11 people without even leaning on the support.

'It's not human strength.'

Although it was an Alpha company that had never been matched in terms of strength, it did not even feel repulsive to admit the difference.

As Austin started to cast his spell, Alpha's gaze focused on him.

“Keugh!”

Technical pressing of the eyes.

It was certainly powerful enough to be the vice-captain of the kingdom's three major thieves, and a tense confrontation took place in that state.

“Push! Keep pushing!”

When someone shouted, the members activated the skill folding of the schema.

When the base schema was folded in half, the muscle strength doubled, and the tremendous power surged.

“Great!”

The one who suffered was Lian, but the one who was afraid was Austin.

'Damn it! How do you hold on?'

The fact that I finally realized is that it may not be my strength.

'Push it away.'

As the will of divine transcendence took over Lian's body, his arms began to open little by little.

The sight of Lian pushing away the bodies of 11 people who had activated the fold with only one arm sent a shudder down his spine.

'Cut it!'

Suddenly, the sound of the teeth of a large ax breaking was heard.

And finally, Lian's sword began to slowly descend as it sliced ​​through the ax blade.

Alphasa screamed in her head.

'Nonsense eh eh eh!'

Is it physically possible to cut blades while holding weapons against each other?

'No, why is it that only my ax cuts?'

If it's the same power, Lian's sword should also have teeth.

Alphasa lost her mind as the great straight sword cut through the ax and approached as if slowly cutting paper.

With death on the verge of death, all senses opened up and visions that could never be seen with the naked eye began to be reconstructed through the sixth sense.

'It's not about splitting an axe.'

Lian's figure disappeared, and I saw an endless world.

As the world split left and right, it was being pushed at a tremendous speed.

'The world is splitting.'

Divine Transcendence - Zhejiang.

“… … mind."

By the time the great straight sword cuts through more than half, the fragmentation of the world came in front of my eyes, and Alphasa shouted in a hoarse voice.

“Don’t push, you fools!”

Mach.

When I saw the gigantic will split the world in two, Alphasa's body was actually split in two.

thud! As the Daejikdo fell to the ground, two more members split.

After dropping Austin, Lian grabbed the sword with both hands and drew it diagonally, causing the remaining 8 people to be cut into pieces at the same time.

“Whoa.”

Austin's face turned pale at the sight of Lian's breathing.

“Now, who the hell are you?”

He would have nodded if he answered that it was a ghost, but Rian just put the greatsword over his shoulder and watched the battle between Sirone and the Red Blade bandits come to an end.

'It's over.'

The wizard Banker was lying on his back with no face, and only Captain Cold Park was fighting wielding a sword.

“What wizard… … !”

Is it possible to avoid the schema sword attack this flexibly?

With the addition of Armand's strengthened nervous system and Kuzen's metabolic activation, Cold Park's sword couldn't even brush Sirone's collar.

The remnants rushed and surrounded them, but Sirone had already left.

When the Photon Cannon was compressed through magic amplification in Sirone's right hand, which spun and retreated, a sphere of light the size of a human torso was born.

As I swung my arm toward the bandits, whose blood had disappeared, a thick flash of light flew and landed on the floor.

Aaaaaaaang!

Vibrations transmitted through the ground, and no one stood where the debris splattered.

“Now! Attack!”

The Blood Juice bandits, who were watching the battle from the top of the cliff, aimed at Sirone with the 7 wizards and 48 archers who made them.

The arrows, which were twice as heavy as the average, hit the ground first, and the magicians reached out their hands toward Sirone, who flew up into the sky.

“I-what is that?”

The magic that blazed with fire and cold weakened even before it was fired at the gigantic angel of light that rose from Sirone's body.

Incarnation - Angelic Punishment.

“Shoot! I mean sting, you idiots!”

The head of Blooduiju gave an order, but the arm of the angel holding the huge spear swung faster than he did.

"ah… … .”

Austin looked closely.

A single flash of light that was the clearest and then scattered like dust.

Woooooooooooooooooooooooooh!

I was blown away by the roar, and I didn't think about anything for a while.

And when he came to his senses again, he realized that a cliff that had stood in front of him just a moment ago had disappeared entirely.

Some of them may have escaped, but 90% of the thieves who numbered over 300 remained here as corpses.

'Am I dreaming?'

The 30-year experience of living only for survival could not accept this moment as reality.

The Red Blade thieves were one of the three major thieves in the kingdom, and the Underworld Demon, Beast Cat, Spear and Death, and Blood Judgment thieves were also a class A criminal group in the capital.

Is it possible to annihilate 5 giant bandits with just 2 people?

- Mr. Austin. Have you ever seen the Archmage?

It was no coincidence that Estera's voice suddenly came to mind.

'No, you're wrong.'

The archmage she actually confirmed was beyond her imagination.

'Estera, we made a mistake. There's no way to catch that boy.'

Unless you dedicate the whole guild.

While Austin thought about that, Lian approached Sirone and put his hand on the shoulder.

“Sirone, are you okay?”

"huh. I'm fine."

Sirone looked back at the corpses strewn everywhere.

It might be a way to get used to it now, but whenever I went into battle, I kept asking 'why?'.

“It is a great destructive power. It’s different from the 2,000 times.”

Sirone confirmed the spot where the angel's punishment had been placed.

It was too easy for him to raise the incarnation and throw the spear of light.

“It was clearly aimed at me and attacked.”

The spearmen said it was 6 billion gold.

“The information about Armand must have spread. If I had known in advance, the battle could have been avoided.”

They did not think of the people they had hurt and the people they would harm in the future.

As always, Sirone saw that humans were not qualified to judge humans.

Because being qualified and being driven by necessity are completely different concepts.

“I have something to talk about.”

As Sirone and Lian turned around, Austin took a note out of his pocket and said,

“I guess my mission ends here.”

---------------------------------------