[33] Teleport(4)

It takes less than 1 second to get from point A to point B. It is quite difficult to calculate the variables in your head. Above all, due to the nature of teleportation, short distances had to be repeated several times, so the more the number of times, the more confused it would be.

"Oh, I see."

Sirone slapped her palm. You can't calculate it with your head, but you can feel it with your intuition. 

Just as the number of leaves on a tree can be counted through the Spirit Zone, the speed of light is also recognized through insight.

This was exactly what Alpheas wanted. Magic that anyone can learn, but the level of skill varies greatly depending on the talent.

Sirone gained confidence. Although he lags behind in omnipotence, if he is omnipotent, he has been honing every day since he was 12 years old.

30 days until the exam.

Sirone did his best to make Kergos' theory of photonization omniscient. After class, I read books all night at the dorm. So, after 20 days, he had no more to study by reading books by himself.

From that day on, I visited a training ground dedicated to Class 7. All of his classmates seemed to be having a private training session, so it was quiet and empty.

Sirone combined the cells of the photonization theory with the omnipotence of the Spirit Zone. It was difficult to find a sense because it was the first time I tried it.

Sirone stands between omniscience and omnipotence. In that state, the moment Sirone was erased, the omnipotence and omnipotence were attached and the magic was activated.

Sirone cast magic in a state of trance. A light flashed as I felt my body disintegrate. As I nodded to move forward, the melted world attacked me.

“Aaaaaaa!”

After moving a distance of 5 meters, Sirone rolled on the floor as soon as she arrived. It felt like all the bones in my body were breaking.

“Ugh… … .”

Even as I gritted my teeth and endured the pain, the word failure was engraved in my head. If the mass was not completely dropped by photonization, the impact force that advanced at the speed of sub-light would come in intact.

It was too dangerous magic to try alone. 

However, Sirone, who had no seniors to ask for advice, let alone a private tutor, had no choice but to learn by bumping into her body.

'I'm not giving up. I will definitely do it.'

From that day on, Sirone corrected the error through numerous trials and errors. It is an ignorant method at first glance, but in the end, only memories learned through the body remain.

A few days later, an unknown person appeared at the training ground and looked at Sirone. It must have been a spy sent by someone, but he didn't care. After all, there was no other place other than here.

How many times have you rolled on the floor and stamped your lips on the ground? Her whole body freezes and her bones ache every morning when she wakes up.

So the last day has come.

With ten minutes left before midnight, Sirone stumbled back to her place.

"never… … don't give up... … .”

I inhaled the dust and my throat was sharp. With half-closed eyes, he stood in the center of the training ground. 

Most of the errors have been fixed. What was left was the persistence to overcome pain and the will to overcome fear.

Sirone couldn't move. I was too afraid to cast teleportation. His stamina dropped as he fell, and now even his bones were bruised and throbbed just to the touch.

"let's do it… … . I have to... … .”

Sirone murmured in disbelief. Maybe it was a good day. You'll be able to forget me on your own without any effort.

"Moment… … movement."

At the extreme differential point where the upper body tilted, Sirone's body stretched out 10 meters. It wasn't comparable to light, but to the human eye, it was as fast as a flash.

Arriving at her destination, Sirone hurriedly grabbed her upper body, which was about to spill.

“… … .”

stood like that for a long time I don't feel it. There was no excruciating pain this time.

“Hehe, I did it.”

I heard the bell ringing at midnight.

Hearing that reverent sound, Sirone collapsed to the ground in the same position as she was standing. The smell of earth tickled the tip of his nose.

In 30 days, the distance traveled by teleportation was only 10 meters. But it was the first 10-meter jump.

'How far can I go with this?'

You need to cast at least 70 teleports to cross 700 meters of the impassable bridge. Furthermore, if it was a race, I had to pay attention to my stamina.

Casting teleport once is much less efficient than casting attack magic once. 

Because if you cast Teleport to move 10 meters, you'd rather run fast.

Ultimately, the key is connectivity.

If you can't cast without resting, teleportation is a magic that's worse than not doing it.

When you arrive at your destination with perfect photonization, the inertia disappears. Thanks to this, the magician's body is not destroyed, but the linkage requires the same concentration as the first time.

'I don't have time for this. You shouldn't lie down. You need to practice a little more. At least we need to reinforce the connection part... … .'

The will was the same, but I couldn't lift a finger. His consciousness was sucked into the abyss, and Sirone's eyelids slowly closed.

So the next morning was bright.

* * *

Mark opened the window and caught the fresh morning breeze. He stretched out and went into the bathroom to wash his face. While changing clothes, the smile did not leave. 

Today was to be a historic day in his life.

'High-speed promotion in Class 7. Hehe. I can't wait to see what the Class Six kids will treat me with.'

Mark was so strong that it was hard to believe that he was 15 years old. In the wizarding world, the body is not very important, but young children are often intimidated by the size they see. In addition to that, since he was born with magical talent, no one in Class 7 could touch him. Thanks to him, he drove Sirone to this opportunity, and his pride grew stronger.

“Bocchan, how are you feeling?”

A slender man opened the door and greeted me. He was a wizard who tutored Mark in teleportation for a month. He was hired in a hurry because he was competing for the village, but he was a certified 9th class wizard and was good at copying.

"are you okay. How about Sirone?”

“It remains. Although teleportation is easy to learn, there are limits to doing it alone. Even if you take the promotion test, you won't be able to compete with the young master.”

"hmm. Still, you can't be careless. Spirit Zone is bigger than me.”

Mark was satisfied with what he had just said. Isn't it often said that the weakness of genius is laziness? But he himself is different. Since he put effort into his natural talent, he couldn't be defeated by Sirone.

“By the way, how many kids are participating in the operation?”

“From what I heard until yesterday, there are four of them.”

“It is quite small. It's rare to get a chance to receive personal guidance from a certified mage.”

“It must be greedy without knowing the subject. Maybe it's petty pride.”

Mark sneered at the memory of the students who refused to participate in the operation. Those who had little to no talent were blinded by the opportunity to be promoted early, and kicked the fortune with their own feet.

'You know what to do. After all, the promotion is for me, the slider mark.'

The Slider family is the 3rd rank of the nobility, which is not a very high rank, but since most of the family members work for the Magic Association, they have considerable influence in the magical society.

The high-nosed first-class children will snort, but they won't go to school unless they're confident in magic anyway, so they don't stay in places like Class 7 for long.

In any competition, if there is a top rank, there will be a bottom rank. Mark decided to organize a strategy team by attracting children with mediocre grades. When he offered to help him get a job with the association after graduation, he was passed over by a few. It was judged that it was more realistic to make a deal than to go through the eye of a needle with only one successful candidate.

“Four people is enough. You can step on it in the beginning.”

“How about teleportation?”

Mark gave a thumbs up as he opened the door and left.

“Perfect. I’ll close my eyes and cross over 700 meters.”

“I wish you good luck, young master.”

The certified 9th grade wizard respected Mark until the last day. From his point of view, he is a distant junior, but he was hired by his father, a technical advisor to the Magic Association, so he was also the son of his employer.

Mark headed to the advanced class building. Because it was the day when the promotion test was scheduled, there were no classes, but students who did not participate in the test stayed and studied on their own. Mark also visited this place once to have a meeting with the operation team.

As expected, the expressions of the children studying on their own were not good. It was because of a sense of shame that he did not even qualify to take the exam.

Mark enjoyed a sense of superiority as he examined their faces. Thinking that those who remained in the classroom today would probably be in a position to shine their own shoes even after going out into society, I burst into laughter.

“Hey, Maria! Are you giving up on the exam too?”

Mark raised his hand toward Maria, who was approaching from afar. Then her Mary's face turned pale. After accusing Shirone of the bullying incident to Shiina, she also became her bully.

Mark looked at Maria, who was helpless, with disgust.

'Sheesh. bat girl. When bullying together, when do you get out of it by yourself? I'm old, but I'm really useless. Why the hell do you go to school like that?'

Maria, terrified, spoke first.

“Mark, didn’t you go to the practice field? Are you going to study on your own?”

"haha! Could it be? I'm not even you I came here to meet my friends because I had some time left.”

Maria's feeling of being treated badly by Mark, who is 4 years younger than her, was depressing. However, because of her low skills, she couldn't blame anyone.

“What are you doing in a place like this? What's different about studying today? So, no grades. Come up to the training ground and take a tour, a tour. Watching and learning from people who are good at it is also a study.”

“Yeah, right… … .”

Even as she listened to Mark's admonition, Maria stuck to her awkward smile. She just wanted to quickly end the conversation and leave her seat.

“Well then, do your best. I hope you pass.”

“Kick! Do you really think so?"

Maria's heart sank at Mark's arsenic.

“Until now, I put up with it because I was a classmate. But if I become a senior, then be prepared. I won't forget what I told the teacher.”

Maria tried to make an excuse out of urgency, but her mind went blank and no words came to her mind. Finally resigned, she lowered her head and walked away with her trot.

Mark snorted and went into the classroom where the operation team had gathered. Four classmates were waiting in the empty classroom.

Three men, one woman. They were students who had been training for a month to interfere with Sirone. The part that I especially focused on practicing was the situation that took place within 100 meters.

Sirone must have known that he was being held back, so he was going to hit it early. The key was to somehow get them eliminated before then.

Deliberate collisions can be punished, so you have to be careful, but from Mark's point of view, it didn't matter if he drove in. It's because it's enough to compensate for the sacrifice.

"how is it? Did you set up the operation correctly?”

"huh. As soon as they leave, the two of them will cling to Sirone first. In the meantime, the remaining two will protect you. If Syrone gets out of there, I'll have to use the last resort.”

The chance to drop Sirone was limited to two at most. However, it was a satisfactory number for a match within 100 meters.

Perhaps the standard leap distance of Sirone is 10 meters. If so, the operation team should crash the sirone within the first 10 times.

“I will not forget today's help. If I get an early promotion, I will guide you guys.”

"okay. We will only believe in you.”

Mark was satisfied. Everything was going according to plan. The proud protagonist of early promotion to the two classes was to be himself.

"good! Shall we start?”

---------------------------------------