Weight of Existence (3)

Hall of Evil.

After hearing about the birth of good and evil, Sirone and the others left Lilith's room and walked down the hallway.

“How many evils are there?” Cain said.

“In these halls, evil exists from the beginning to the end. I don't intend to rank it, but it's kind of like a ranking? Most evils only have one line of record.”

Every room in the hallway was a study, and the size of the room could not be judged through the door.

“The really powerful evil has a special solitary confinement, but oh, here's Harvits too. Quite high. Ranked 7th. If this is enough, my mother will be able to do it.”

The group didn't answer.

“Usually recorded in rooms arranged in chronological order. It would take quite a walk to see the evils of our time.”

Sirone found another solitary portrait.

'Mr. Minerva.'

I don't intend to rank it, but it was ranked 87th in the order of the rooms. Iruki said.

“We don't have time.”

"know. You must be meeting Gyorgi. That guy is holding onto a woman named Seina.”

Now that the world is being engulfed by Lamie religion, Seina is absolutely necessary.

'A person who will certify the whole story of the Holy See.'

Cain turned.

“Are you okay? I don't know, but Gyorgi is eager. to kill you.”

Sirone said.

“It's something I'm responsible for. Giyorgi is a demon born from my emotions.”

“It’s your responsibility.”

It was a word not befitting evil.

“Definitely resemblance. Somehow, Giyorgi didn't look like a demon. well, good I will watch.”

end of an era.

“Now, this is the era you all lived in. Wait, was there one of them?”

Cain turned to Curtis and pointed to the room.

“Anyway, since you came to the core, you should get an award. Why don’t you go in and erase your criminal record?”

When there was no answer, Sirone called.

“Mr. Curtis.”

“No, it’s okay. 'Cause now it doesn't matter let's just go Whatever you want to punish.” As the group stubbornly stayed in front of the room, Curtis shouted with a frown.

"okay! damn! i killed it! I killed those flowery children! Are you disgusted? Then hate it!”

said Pena.

“You really love those girls… …

“We were in love!” He knelt down and tore his hair.

“Me and Nia were really in love. yes, cheating A man with a wife played with his daughter's friend, so he wouldn't look human! But my life... … !”

“Why did you kill him?”

Sirone asked the main point.

Realizing that anything he said was just a rationalization, Curtis dropped everything.

“Edrina, Nia, Belita, and Daisy have been friends since childhood. I was having an affair with Nia. But her daughter found out about her thread. It was Nia's fault. There was a small argument, but in a fit of heat... … You have spoken her words.”

Perhaps she too wanted to give up the opportunity as an excuse.

“That was the day of the trip. Actually, I was supposed to meet Nia on the trip. I told her wife to patrol the area. Because it's common for detectives. But in the end, Edrina found out everything... …

“You didn’t go on a trip.”

"okay. I separated from her friends and went to the square. I went looking for the villa address written on the bulletin board. And from there... … He died by hanging himself.”

“How do you know? According to a fellow detective, he couldn't have committed suicide... …

“Knot.”

Curtis's hands trembled.

“It is not a noose tied with a hunting knot. It's a knot method where you twist it once more and put a loop on it. First, I would have stepped on the footrest and tied an old rope to the ceiling pipe. Then hang it by hand to break the line. Remove the scaffolding again and lock the warehouse door from the inside. That’s how the secret room is completed.”

A scene flashed in the mind of the group.

“Edrina would have settled down and lay down as if she had fallen. And if you tie a rope around her own neck with that knot and pull it hard... …

The line does not come loose.

“I left like that. my daughter... … Curtis imagines again.

I saw my daughter lying on the cold floor of the warehouse, waiting for death with her neck strangled.

A single tear she must have shed.

"I… …

Curtis turned his head and burst into tears.

“This is the knot I taught you.”

“Ever since I was little, Edrina liked that I was an older brother. She must have thought that she would become an apostle of justice who beats up villains. In reality, she is just an old man who does all sorts of chores to somehow live a decent life.”

The moment he first found Edrina's body, he remembered memories of his daughter's eight years old.

“My daughter, come here.”

“Why, Dad?”

“Come on, hold out your hands. I'll teach you something fun.”

After tying the little white wrist in a knot, Curtis twisted it once more into a loop.

"Voila!"

"uh? what? Why can't this be solved?"

"ha ha ha! how is it?"

As Curtis tickled his side, Edrina, who had been laughing so hard, agitated.

"stop! release it quickly! They scolded me!”

“Now, look at this.”

With her daughter on his lap, Curtis used his thumb to free the loop caught between the knots.

“Just bounce it once like this and it will come loose. It's called handcuffs. It's what magicians use.”

"wow! Dad, teach me too. yes?

huh'?"

"good. Then shall we try again?” “… … I was able to solve it.”

Curtis felt his soul shattered.

“If I had changed my mind at that moment, I could have easily solved it. But why... … Aaaaaa!”

Iruki, who had been watching for a while as he hit the ground and sobbed, raised a question.

“The detectives couldn’t find the knot…

“I solved it.”

When the body was first discovered, Curtis's hands had undone the handcuffs of their own accord.

“I didn’t try to cover up my sins. What does infidelity have to do with the yard where your daughter died? I don't know. It's so sad, I just need to untie that knot. I couldn't believe it, so I wondered if my daughter would survive... …

“But you killed him.”

Edrina's friends Nia, Belita, and Daisy.

“When my daughter was dying, I was waiting at the destination where I was going to meet Nia.”

It is an incident in another place.

“We were supposed to meet separately, but he brought all his friends. I was annoyed, but now I see that my daughter is gone. She asked what happened and she said Nia was done.”

Curtis turned his head.

“How do you think you felt then? The father's feelings when his daughter was caught playing with her friend. I was very angry and got into an argument with Nia. Nia threatened my wife. She will tear my family apart.”

Although the end of an affair is always like that.

“I thought I should meet my daughter first. But she couldn't leave Nia alone. her friends too. That's why I locked him in the attic of the villa. When I came back, I threatened to not leave her without her, and she seemed to be a little scared.”

“Even so, I could have gotten out.”

“If you really felt a threat to your life, what? It was on the second floor, but the windows were open. But it was just like that. We had a burning night until yesterday, and it was always a verbal fight. This time, it was just a little more serious because the family was at stake. Nia must have been thinking of waiting too. Because it's a vacation home that I paid for and rented. Talking gossip about me with my friends. Belita and Daisy must have been exciting.”

Sirone said.

“But in the end you never met your daughter.”

“I went to Seef Square, where we had met. A merchant I know said he was looking nervously at the bulletin board. It was an ad for renting a vacation home. It was a little strange because it was empty, but on the other hand, I thought it was the only place for my daughter who had no money to stay. Maybe it's because she's the daughter of a detective, so she wasn't afraid and had a peculiar corner. So I called my friend Liber. I can't talk about the details because I'm embarrassed, but I can make up an alibi that I really went to patrol the area. But what we saw in that villa... …

It was her daughter's body.

“After that, there is no need to explain. I won't make any excuses for not being crazy. It was impulsive at first. But then there was some temptation. I wonder if I can turn things around that didn't exist. i'm just a killer A murderer who knows how to avoid being investigated.”

Curtis leaned against the wall and took out a cigarette.

“All common American cases are like that. Coincidence outside of probability. The obsession with life is enormous. When it was treated as an unsolved case, I wondered if I should still live. I don't even remember how it was. and then… … A letter came to the place where I work.”

Chick, lit a cigarette.

- It's not your father's fault.

“Whoa.”

said Curtis, who blew smoke toward the ceiling.

“It was so embarrassing that I couldn’t stand it. I just wanted to forget I just need to die, but even if I'm gone, it seems like what I've done will still remain. I came to Melkidoo because I was so uncomfortable with it, and I wanted to erase it altogether.”

It was the whole story of the Edrina incident.

“Stop going. 'Cause I'll stay You don't have to worry about the penalty. Because there is only one thing left for me.”

He intended to expunge the records and end his life.

With the handcuff method of her daughter's death.

'Is that all right, Edrina?'

Curtis threw a cigarette butt into the Hall of Evil.

“Life sucks, really.”

“Then live.”

Pena approached.

“What will happen if I die? There are things in the world that death cannot be held responsible for.”

Curtis didn't know either.

“So what? Do you think you’ll even blink if you rot in prison for the rest of your life?”

The prison in Parme, the capital city, was a good place to live compared to Curtis' guilt.

“… … don't know so it's a sin Because I can't take responsibility, I shouldn't do it.”

Pena continued.

“How did you feel when your daughter died? you're doing the same thing now If you die like that, what will happen to us who leave you behind? If you're going to die, die alone in an unknown place, man. Please take some responsibility.”

She looked back at Sirone and the others.

“I will stay. Don't worry and go. I will never let you just die.”

After thinking for a moment, Sirone turned around.

"let's go."

As the group disappeared, led by Cain, Curtis, who was left alone with Pena, spoke.

“It was a good performance.”

"what?"

“Expunge the record and run away. Core is real. You can get on a boat or whatever and find a new life.”

It's not that I haven't thought about it, to be honest.

"it's okay. I want to stop.”

"what?"

Pena sat next to Curtis.

“There must be many people who have been hurt because of me. What I felt after coming here is that there is no such thing as a new life. If I don’t change, my life will be the same no matter what happens.”

There is no such thing as a holy place for demons.

"then… … What now?”

“Let’s stay still. Let's not think about what to do. we screwed up You accept whatever judgment the world makes. with a heart of atonement. Nothing will change, but... … Pena spoke while holding back her tears.

“You don’t have to take responsibility for the sins you didn’t take responsibility for.”

guilt not accountable.

“… … Right."

In the Halls of Evil, Curtis turned to heaven.

'I'm sorry.'

I ruined everything.

'So, my God.'

If there really is such a thing as a god, if that god has a mind like a human being.

'please??????

don't forgive me