[257] The Truth Revealed (2)

“Come to think of it, today is the publication date. The story of our school must have come out well, right?”

Olivia asked as she handed over the magazine.

When the word “our school” came out of her mouth, Alpheas smiled happily.

However, the good atmosphere disappeared the moment I saw the cover.

The headline article contained shocking information.

Blitz! Interview with Sirone's parents!

Is the student who defeated Dante the son of a mountaineer?

Olivia tilted her head.

It's not Sirone, it's an interview with your parents. Besides, what is the son of a mountaineer?

Killline was venomous, but she wasn't stupid enough to post ridiculous distortion articles.

A cold sweat ran down Alpheas' spine.

It was a fact, not a distorted article.

At present, only a few people at school know about Sirone's origins.

Of course, if the kill line is determined to track down the identity, it's a very easy thing to dig out. With the reporting skills of a professional correspondent, Sirone's parents couldn't stand it.

Olivia opened the magazine and read quickly.

The process by which Sirone subdued Dante was described in detail and even included photos.

I heard that the Obscura was broken, but it must have been a lie.

But the article was not a lie.

There is a degree of distortion, but if you wrote an article like this as a fabrication, it would have been a feeling of being kicked out.

'Is it true? Sirone... … A mountaineer's son?'

Olivia looked back at Alfeas as if asking for an explanation.

Alpheas nodded with a bitter expression.

"It's true. Sirone is the son of a mountaineer. However, on the recommendation of the Ogent family, I was admitted through a special screening process. Even the teachers don't know. Even THAAD didn’t know.”

Olivia showed her sad feelings.

“It doesn't matter. Why did you hide it even from me? At least I, the principal, should know.”

Alpheas also had an unfortunate part.

He knew better than anyone that Olivia was a prudent and heavy-mouthed person. The problem is, I didn't know that this would happen.

“I hid it and slept, and I didn’t even keep it in my head. It's been a year already, and no one has ever wondered about Sirone's origins.”

When Alpheas spoke with a teary face, Olivia also stopped resenting and fell into thought.

Sirone's human figure certainly has a unique corner. It was also true that he was not very interested in his origins when he hung out with him.

But where there are a lot of people, anything happens.

“Anyway, I was naive and fell for it. No matter how many allies Sirone has, there will always be students who are jealous. You don't have to be thinking all the time. If I had known, this would never have happened in the first place.”

Alpheas also had nothing to say this time.

He excelled at caring for students, but had no talent for politics.

Olivia crossed her arms and pondered, then made a decision.

“Mr. Sade.”

“Yes, Headmaster.”

“Call the kill line right now. As soon as you receive the message, come to me. If he doesn't come within 24 hours, tell him I'll come find him myself.”

"All right."

Saad lowered his head and turned around.

@

When Sirone's origins were revealed, Alpheas Magic School was turned upside down.

Teachers were also shocked, but as expected, it was the students who spoke out.

Olivia's prediction was correct.

Everyone seemed to like Sirone, but there were a handful of students who were swept away by the public flow and couldn't express their opinions. It was the kind of person who envied Sirone's talent.

Then, when this incident broke out, they began to sell Sirone like a fish out of water.

After class, the canteen on campus was full of students.

Although the advanced class practice test is over, there is some time to spare, but the library is not suitable for talking about Sirone, which is becoming an issue.

In particular, the middle-ranking group of Class Four, who occupied the table in the corner, were zealously cutting Sirone down as if they were paid money to move.

“Sheesh! does this make sense? To think we went to school with commoners.”

“A commoner is not just a commoner. You are a mountaineer I can’t go because my level is low.”

“For some reason, I sometimes see a dull spot. You can't lie about where you're from. It's only been a year since you learned magic. That's why I couldn't even cast basic magic.”

Of course, they were ignoring one fact.

The point is that such a sirone became the top of the advanced class in one year. No, the kingdom was the best.

Everyone felt the contradiction about it, but no one said it out loud.

What they want is to take this opportunity to completely crash Sirone, whether he is a genius or not.

Closer, who was leaning back on the keyboard of the concession stand, grumbled at their chatter.

“It's not too crazy. Even without Sirone, things you wouldn’t be able to go to first place.”

Sabina didn't like the way she hid in a corner and wentssiped about someone.

Of course, even to her, Sirone is an enemy she cannot like. However, the pride of competing head-to-head with the best group refused to compare them.

“Dante, how are you?”

"what?"

Dante was watching the menu on the keyboard, paying no attention to Sirone's gossip.

“I mean Sirone. Actually, it's shocking. You weren't a noble.”

Dante blinked and looked back at his friends.

“Hey, what do you guys want to drink?”

Sabina raised her hand and said.

“I like orange juice. My skin has been rough lately, so I need to take some vitamins.”

"okay? Then I'm thirsty, iced coffee. Are you a closer?”

Closer stared at Dante.

The day after losing the 2,000 match, Dante took a break without even going to class. The anti-magic was properly applied, so the school was considerate, but in fact, the injured place must have been the heart, not the mind.

A day passed like that, and the next day, Dante appeared in front of people.

It was natural that the eyes of the children were focused on him, but he took the class with the same attitude as usual as if nothing had happened.

'Dante, are you really okay?'

I don't know what he's thinking.

If he planned revenge, he would prepare a match, and if he acknowledged Sirone, it was right to leave school. The semester was coming to an end anyway, so it was time for him to pack up.

However, Dante did not say anything about further matters.

“Hey, Dante-senpai… … .”

A girl from Class 5 approached Dante with a flushed face.

"huh?"

Dante looked back at her as he bit into the straw in his iced coffee.

“Hey, I was really impressed with this match.”

Closer and Sabina felt their hearts drop.

Even if you don't notice, it's enough, and you spit out what the person concerned is silent.

However, the immature girl seemed to believe that if she was sincere, she could say anything.

“Even though he lost, I don’t think Dante sunbaenim lost. Why, there is such a thing, eternal rivals. In the next match, Dante will be able to win.”

Sabina secretly studied Dante's eyes.

Contrary to expectations, Dante blinked his eyes without revealing any particular emotion, then spoke indifferently.

"Ok, thanks."

Dante's friends are shocked.

Dante thought that one defeat was death. Such a calm response was rather unusual.

'Certainly, the shock of the defeat didn't make my head go crazy, right?'

After hearing Dante's thanks, the girl went back to her friends' seats excitedly.

Come to think of it, all the students were watching this way. The voices stopped before I knew it, and the canteen was silent.

Only then did Dante realize that all eyes were on him, and he looked around. Then, as if she didn't care, she sat down at an empty table and sipped her coffee.

Closer brought the same coffee Dante ordered and slammed it on the table. Then, sitting across from him, he asked in a whisper.

“What the hell are you doing?”

"what?"

“I mean Sirone. No matter how much I think about it, it's strange that you don't say anything.”

“Then what are you talking about?”

“Sirone, say yes. But now that the confrontation is over, something needs to be said. Are you really going to sit down like this? You don't have to take back the title of the best student in the kingdom.”

Dante laughed. It was a self-deprecating laugh.

“The best student in the kingdom? well… … .”

Closer, frustrated by Dante's lukewarm response, tapped his chest.

It was clear that he was in a serious slump.

The shock of losing to Sirone was so great that his motivation and passion disappeared.

"you really… … !”

The moment the impatient closer was about to raise his voice, the door of the store opened and two people entered.

Coincidentally, it was Nade and Iruki.

The eyes of the students were naturally focused on it.

It was a situation where the parties who had been in a fierce confrontation for three weeks were reunited.

It was regrettable that Sirone could not be seen, but on the other hand, I wondered why he would carry his head high.

All students in the school have a higher rank than Sirone.

They were nobles, and Sirone is a commoner.

According to social norms, Sirone was the one who had to lick her toes without muttering.

Of course, as an intellectual, I knew that wasn't exactly right, but I had no intention of giving up the advantage I had been given since birth.

The atmosphere in the store was strange, so Iruki looked around and found Dante.

Dante also met his eyes without avoiding it.

The students waited for the encounter between the two without even breathing, but contrary to expectations, the words spoken by Iruki were bland.

“Are you here? It's a big deal. I thought you wouldn't go to places like the canteen.”

Dante held up the coffee.

“I am thirsty. What are you doing?”

Since Iruki was young, he had a peculiar taste, so he did not buy food unless it was a special occasion. Because he thinks it reduces brain function.

At the time, because he was young, his classmates looked at him strangely, but Dante thought it made sense.

That's why I remembered Iruki's eating habits even after a long time had passed.

Iruki shrugged his shoulders and walked to the keyboard.

“Sirone didn’t eat dinner. I want to buy you something.”

Dante nodded as if he understood.

"okay. How is Sirone?”

"what… … just like that I think I was a bit shocked though.”

"okay? That is surprising.”

Dante was sincere.

He was the one who personally experienced how huge the size of his thoughts was while exchanging super-fast information in 2,000 confrontations. I thought that I was never the type to go out of my way over something like this.

"that is… … Sirone thinks horribly of her family. Killine must be upset that she took an interview of her parents without permission.”

Dante thought of the kill line.

If it was her, that was enough.

Parents' guilt would be indescribable if they knew that the school was turned upside down.

Sirone didn't like that, and that's why she was waiting for this situation to pass as quickly as possible.

“Hey, Iruki, would you hang out with Shirone in this situation?”

James, one of the boys who had been gossiping about Sirone, jumped up and pointed at Iruki.

The middle-ranking group wanted the faction of Dante and Sirone to confront each other. This is because if the exhausting struggle continues to the end and they self-destruct, they also have a chance to hit and rise.

However, when the expected collision did not occur, he decided to go ahead and provoke Iruki himself.

“If you are a Mercodyne, you are the best family in the kingdom. Don't you feel betrayed? Even though Sirone is far below you, she is disguised as the same class as you. But does it make sense that you're running errands for that bastard's bread?"

Iruki shook his finger as if he was rather proud.

“Why can’t you talk? First of all, Sirone is my friend. And now I'm hungry. After all, we already knew where Sirone came from. Isn't it natural that we're friends?"

“What, what?”

James opened his mouth with a puzzled expression.

Since the three Musketeers stick together every day, there is a possibility that Sirone said something. But knowing that, how could we be friends?

---------------------------------------