[489] New variable (2)

Six hours before Sirone enters Arabot.

Etela received a special order from Sein and arrived at the deep forest in the first thousand Sharmain.

'It's late. If you don't come... … .'

Gaold asked the leader of the night army, Frankwine, to save an item, and in return, the night army was allowed free access to the 2nd Rebel Command, where Raysis was the commander.

The object that Gaold wanted to obtain through Night Blindness was an ancient artifact called a disk.

As the space-time of the maze disappeared, the coordinates also changed.

The old Metagate was rendered useless, so Gaold devised a plan to extract new coordinates from the Akashic Records.

Even if the parts change, the whole is perfect.

Therefore, as the space-time of the labyrinth disappears, new and accurate coordinates must be recorded in the Akashic Records.

It was a disk called Guffin's relic that could extract the coordinates and input them into a new metagate.

After the erasure of the Guffin, no remains of the Guffin remain in Heaven.

However, some relics used in the ruins were still spread throughout Purgatory.

'If I can't get the disc, I'll have to be stuck in heaven until humanity does something about it.'

Ethella also knows how difficult the mission is because she has done countless hunts in Purgatory.

Nevertheless, the reason Gaold made the proposal was because they were the Night League, the best organization in the community of Purgatory.

If they can't do it, nobody can.

“I was wondering if someone was coming to meet me, and they sent such a beauty. She sure knows how to do business. A guy named Gaold.”

Deep in the forest, Frankwine's voice was heard.

When Ethella turned her head, the shrubbery opened like a door, and Frankwine and Meatgun approached side by side.

Time was running out, so Ethella got to the point.

“Did you get anything?”

Meatgun took out a palm-sized square stone slab from his inner pocket and held it forward.

There is no way to confirm whether or not it is genuine, but the stone slab was engraved with henna and gave off a faint red glow.

'There's no reason to trade lies when you've already got everything you've got. I have to go to Jebul with this quickly.'

Perhaps by now, Armin, Shiina, and Quan and the others should have been heading to Ingris of Jebul.

It was Etella's mission instructed by Sein to deliver the disk there.

"thank you. Thanks to work... … .”

Ethella, who was approaching Meatgun, stopped abruptly.

An unusual murderous feeling penetrated straight into her heart, causing her heart to sink.

With the sound of a strong wind, Frankwine's fist cut through Etella's temple.

Leaving behind an afterimage, Ethella bent her back and stepped back, unable to properly balance herself.

“What is this… … .”

The moment she looked at Frankwine's face, Ethella had a hunch.

“Who are you?”

“Quack, well. Who is it?”

Frankwine's temperament was different from before.

Of course, the fact that he is more like a bad person than a good person has been felt since the first meeting.

But this time it wasn't just that.

It was so lopsided that it was rather plain, and a clean evil energy was spreading out.

'How can humans... … ?'

The moment she saw a small dot wandering around in one of Frankwine's pupils, Ethella took a combat stance.

fly.

A fly hovered around Frankwine's eyes as if trapped in a glass globe.

“You were not human.”

“Keuk, know with honor. Because I chose you as the flare of my resurrection.”

With a bang, the soil on the floor exploded, and Frankwine's body rushed towards Etella.

'Schema?'

A physical ability different from that.

The night-blind people came from a different place from Sirone's world, and the way they used their powers was also different.

If Meat Gun distorts the three fields of time, space, and spirit to activate special abilities, Frank Wine was classified as a warrior who only strengthened physical abilities.

It was straight, but since it only aimed at vital points, Etella couldn't find room for a counterattack and was in a hurry to defend.

It would not be an exaggeration to say that Yin-Yang Wave Fist had all its true intentions in the final destruction, but the techniques that reached that point were being crushed by Frank Wine's momentum.

As they retreated down the hillside, Frankwine approached, closing the distance.

Ethella crossed her arms and raised her guard.

At the same time, Frankwine grabbed her by the wrist and opened it wide to face her.

The moment I saw the wickedly torn corner of my mouth and the fly clinging to one of my pupils, I got goosebumps.

“Hehe, what should we do for our pretty girl?”

Ethella furrowed her thin eyebrows and swung her shin, striking Frankwine in the crotch.

Frankwine's eyebrows twitched as he heard the sound of something being crushed.

In that state, the two couldn't move for a long time, and finally Frankwine's head slowly went down.

Dirty water was leaking from between the legs.

'finished.'

Since vital points among vital points were destroyed, even the strongest would have no choice but to lose consciousness or die.

However, to the dismay of her expectations, Frank Wein's head, looking down, slowly began to rise again.

“Hehe, it’s different from what it looks like. I don't hate this again.”

Ethella froze, staring straight ahead, not even knowing that Frankwine had already let go of her wrist.

Even though it had only turned half a turn, the figure of Frankwine twisting his back looked like a whirlpool.

'I have to stop... … .'

Realizing it belatedly, her arms came down to her abdomen again, but Frank Wein's fists were already pressing down as if they were about to pierce the stomach through the border of the guard.

“Ouch!”

Etella's body, which uttered a muddy agony, was shot away like a cannonball.

Even after breaking down several thick trees, the speed of flight did not drop, and finally, a thud was heard from outside the line of sight.

“Are you okay?”

Meat Gun approached with a crooked head.

It would be presumptuous to worry about Frankwine, who boasts strong leadership to the extent that he swears absolute obedience, but since the affected part was the part, human sympathy was felt.

“What do you know? Whether it explodes or not.”

Frankwine grabbed his crotch, which was damp as if he had urinated on his pants, and shook it, then turned around.

“I’ll be going to Jebul, so finish it and come. I must be busy to take over heaven.”

Mitgan kept his head down until Frankwine had left, then watched his back as he walked away.

'Satan… … .'

After many twists and turns, when Frank Wine arrived at the 2nd Headquarters with the disk in his hands, there was someone waiting for him.

A middle-aged man wearing a bowler hat and one-eyed glasses, holding a cane with both hands, introduced himself as Satan and asked Frankwine for a deal.

-Are you satisfied with being the ruler of purgatory? sell me your soul Then I'll give you the whole heaven.

Selling one's soul and eating heaven are things to think about, but Frankwine didn't worry for a second.

Even in the original world, to him who sold anything for profit, the soul was nothing more than a useless currency.

Satan held out a fly in a small vial, and merged it with Frankwine through the Fusics Machine in the headquarters.

As Mitgan knows, the anecdote's liquor is a method in which multiple creatures are melted and reborn into completely new forms, but strangely, the fly did not melt into Frankwine and settled in the pupil.

'It's just that they didn't mix...' … .'

Thought.

But that was the key concept and huge potential to eat heaven whole.

'Follow the will of the boss. That's the only fate of the second person.'

After thinking about it, Mitgan slowly moved to the spot where Etella flew away.

Etela sprawled out under the place where the ripple was created on the huge rock wall.

Seeing that there was no movement, it was highly likely that he had stopped breathing, but he had to finish as Frank Wein ordered.

“Don’t be resentful. Everyone dies.”

Meatgun, who was sitting next to Ethella, took out a dagger from his bosom and raised it up, aiming it at the soft nape of her neck.

“It’s all about living.”

The moment he thrust the dagger down vertically with all his might, Etela's two hands, which jumped up to her feet, grabbed her wrists from left and right.

* * *

Fifth Thousand Matei.

The rebels were fiercely advancing in the city of huge giants that made both legs tremble just by looking at them.

Aboard the Titan Unit 1, Crude collapsed the wall with a thermal flash cannon under the cover of numerous Kuroi troops.

You cannot enter Arabot by narrowing the siege.

The key was to somehow create a detour and gather the rebels, and the giant troops who realized that fact were punishing the rebels more violently than before.

The giants currently fighting the rebels were powerful warriors with a height of 15 meters who had reached the 4th level of anecdote.

Even Guro, who belonged to large-scale equipment, was only a child in front of the giant's size, and the steel plates were being torn like paper by the iron swords they wielded.

'It's also hard to break through. I can't go any deeper.'

Making a decision, Crude rapidly rotated the Titan sideways and began advancing toward the wall.

“Make a road here! All troops, follow me!”

The troops that received the radio communication began advancing toward the wall in a huge torrent.

“Damn it! damn it!”

Crud gritted his teeth.

The reason why the rebels throw everything at once and fight is to win.

to win and return home.

But Crude couldn't give them a future.

The closer they got to Arabot, the more approaching was the end of tens of thousands of lives and the infinite possibilities they carried.

“Fluuuuuuuu!”

Crude, unable to handle the raging rage, called out her name.

Wizard? cold-hearted reason?

Enticed by such things, the anger toward himself, who had once given her heart, came belatedly.

she was a witch

A witch without blood or tears.

Does Crud know?

In the world where Flew lived, long ago, wizards were called witches.

“I will not forgive you! When this war is over... … !”

not afraid to die

But no matter what death comes, then her life will have to be with her.

The spectacle was unfolding as a huge army of machines flowed into Jebul through the collapsed walls.

The sixth thousand offerings.

Not a single ordinary angel was seen wandering around Jebul, putting the name of the city of angels to shame.

At the end of the gateway to Arabot, the archangels Methiel and Satiel stood side by side in the air, looking at the battlefield.

The walls are collapsing and the rebels are pouring in, but at present there is no force to stop them in Jebul.

absence of angels.

It was the biggest factor that made the war, which was thought to be easily pacified, sluggish.

The two beautiful archangels with flowing blonde hair did not look at each other.

The two concepts are strong and weak.

Their concept of origin, implied by the nuclear force, was huge enough to form the basis of all matter in the universe.

So two and one.

Their relationship was always not good because their nature was different from that of birth and destruction, Kariel and Uriel.

“The cheeky humans… … .”

Satiel's face contorted.

Methiel's personality wasn't that good, but Satiel was much more tyrannical and cruel.

“I don't understand. Why did you ban the activities of the angels? If the war is lost, there may come a situation where we have to obey humans.”

“I think it has something to do with Ikael. I don't know why he suddenly reinstated her while her angelic activities were banned. And Ikael has a deep relationship with Sirone.”

“Hey, Sirone? What is there to be afraid of like the Nephilim?”

Mattiel's eyes calmed down.

Satiel is like a twin brother who has been with her since birth.

That's why I knew exactly when she started to go beyond being cold and cruel.

“Aren’t you jealous?”

When she turned to Methiel for the first time, Satiel's eyes shook with murderous intent.

"what?"

“I mean, don’t be shaken. It's already over. Guffin chose Ikael, not you. … .”

Aaaaaaaaaagh!

Satiel's judicial halo unfurled with a frenzied sound.

"Say it again. I will destroy it right now.”

The archangel's divinity could not be sensed in her expression, with her eyes wide open.

---------------------------------------