[796] Complex (1)

"excuse me."

After breakfast, the members of the J-Steen Guild, who were about to leave for the event, turned to the uninvited guests.

“If I have something to do, I should excuse myself. But who are you?”

It was a woman with a stern impression that looked good with big glasses and bobbed hair.

“Isn’t this the J-Steen Guild?”

Aekku acted as a representative.

“Of course, this is J-Steen… … Ugh!”

I was going to joke about it, but when a pale man with shaved eyebrows entered, I hurriedly backed away.

“What are you doing in a place like this?”

As Freeman looked around, four top officers of the parrot mercenary entered one after another.

'Coriander.'

All prayers were unusual.

In the end, Jasein got up from his seat and asked questioningly.

“What are you guys? They've been attacking other people's guilds since morning.”

Marsha burst out laughing.

“Anyway, if you called someone, you should have organized the ranks. Miss, do you know who we are?”

“I don’t know, but I think I know. I've never seen a proper guy for a human who speaks those lines.”

Marsha raised her index finger.

"sympathy. But make an exception this time. If they are also people who live in the same world as us.”

“Hmph, that sound… … .”

Just as J-Steen was about to start walking, Sirone opened the back door and came in after taking a bath outdoors.

"uh? Marsha's sister. When did you come?”

Marsha narrowed her eyes as she watched as she ripped off her hair with a towel.

“Hmm.”

Undercoder's Sirone was just a copy of the information, so after all, it's been 4 years since I broke up with Galliant.

'It's grown a lot.'

He had the naive impression of a seventeen-year-old, but his temperament was much sharper.

Sirone, who hung the towel on the chair, rushed over and took Marsha's hand.

“It’s been a while.”

Marsa put Syrone's neck around her arm.

"you! You called me in a strange way! What the hell is it? Even if you try to refuse, you don’t get a reply!”

“Aww! There was a situation!”

Marsha, who pulled Syrone by the neck, looked back at Freeman and smiled.

"circumstances? All the stars say that this is all big.”

The Jaysteen mercenaries, who were watching the commotion, narrowed their eyes as if they had come to their senses.

“No way, parrot mercenaries?”

Marsha said to Jaysteen.

"okay. I came because there was someone who wanted to see me like crazy. Who is it?”

“I meant to see you. I have something to ask of you.”

While Sirone was conveying the whole story with a voice of arrogance, J. Steen stared at Marsha.

'This woman... … .'

Our Lady of All Outcasts

'I have a nasty personality.'

I don't know what kind of relationship he had with Sirone, but the magnanimity of wielding the Five Stars like a gangster wouldn't discriminate against anyone.

“Hmm, that’s how it happened… … .”

After hearing the explanation, Marsha approached the table, and everyone at the table moved away.

Sitting alone in a chair, Marsha took out a cigarette, bit her lips, and waved her hand at Sirone.

"fire."

There was a debt I owed from Undercorder, and since I was in a position to ask for help, I couldn't help but listen.

'Really, this older sister never changes.'

Marsha, who lit a cigarette on the fire Yahweh had made, put it between her fingers and let out a long puff of smoke.

"good. Jaysteen Guild, accept it. Whether it’s Harvits or whatever, if we become a family, we’ll go all the way.”

“Thank you, hehe.”

Marsha had no choice but to burst into laughter at the unprecedented Nucksal.

'This guy is now an adult too.'

Still, he was like a younger brother.

“In exchange, there are conditions on this side as well. It's not particularly great, but I think it'll be faster to go through you."

“What is it?”

Marsha's expression became serious for the first time.

“Do you know about Fermi?”

It was not strange for Marsha to know since they had a history of fighting together in Undercoder.

"no. I only heard that you left after the graduation exam. What happened after that... … .”

“He, do you know what an alias is on this floor?”

Marsha lit a cigarette.

“Shin Hong drug lord.”

Sirone's mouth gaped blankly.

“The central continent has already been eaten and it is spreading to the southern continent. The lower the addictiveness, the higher the unit price. Surprisingly, this worked. Ordinary people also get their hands on it. It was to attack the people's fear of demons."

“But why drugs? If you need money, you can do it with a transaction of depreciation... … .”

“You fool, it’s because you don’t know this floor, it’s not at that level. The down payment I made with the Empress of Kasan is already paid off.”

Even so, it was something I couldn't understand.

'Is it broken?'

Did the magician's faith and Yogi's will be lost due to the shock of the graduation exam?

“How did you know, sister?”

“As the power of the parrot grows, people of all kinds come in. A few of them seem to have dabbled in drugs. As you know, our mercenaries are strictly prohibited from taking drugs.”

As Marsha beckoned, a dark-skinned man with wide shoulders approached.

It was Shake (Rat, Tiger), leader of the 3rd Division of the Parrot Mercenary Corps.

"nice to meet. It's called Shake.”

After a brief introduction, he rolled up his forearm and showed the hieroglyph meaning rat engraved on his left arm.

“I am a warrior of the Wen people. Selected warriors can have two of the twelve animals engraved on their bodies.”

It was a kind of shamanism.

“To be exact, one out of six for combat and one out of six for support. Rats can trigger tunnel sights. It can bend the direction of light.”

I thought it was amazing.

“I can see inside this ceiling, for example. It's not clairvoyance. Follow the crack in the floor, climb up the drain and go through the ventilation system to see it. In any case, in this way, suspicious subordinates were carefully monitored. And I found the coins of the drug dealers. It looks like this.”

Shake took out the coin and noticed it immediately.

“The golden ring… … .”

Ting and flipped the coin, he snatched it in the middle.

“I know too. It took me a month to find out where this sentence was used. It is the pattern he used at the magic school in Tormia, that is, Fermi's alma mater.”

It will be Fermi.

'It's not like someone stole it. She can't expand her drug routes at this rate unless it's him,'

Sirone clenched both fists.

“Fermi, you really… … .”

No matter how bright it was, I didn't know how to do business using drugs that lead to human destruction.

Marsha said.

So our condition is this. Currently, neither the drug manufacturing plant nor Fermi's whereabouts are known. If you see Fermi, give me a place.”

“What are you going to do to meet me?”

“Appeasement, or partnership if you want. Of course, it's not like drug trafficking, but... … Because Fermi is great.”

That was what I felt at Undercorder.

"all right."

Because Hexa could exist because of Yoga, I thought I should meet Fermi at least once.

“Is it sorted out then? Jysteen's mercenaries pack their bags. Because there are things I want to entrust you with.”

Sirone stopped Marsha.

“Before that, there are things left in Arachne. Let’s finish that and leave.”

Although it achieved its original goal of being a beta fish, it could not leave the world beauty pageant behind.

“What’s left? What happened?"

Sirone sighed.

"that is… … .”

* * *

When Sirone arrived at the venue, there were more bodyguards around than spectators.

At the time of the terrorist attack, box office success was over, but it would be possible to promise next year only after completing the competition.

'That person came today too.'

The man I saw at the parade was volunteering by distributing flyers today.

“Barho Rangi representing Arachne! We look forward to your love! Rangi as the winner!”

However, the slogan has changed.

'It's not the time to worry about others.'

Early in the morning, the contestants moved from the bunker to the competition site, and it was now up to Sirone to ensure everyone's safety.

'I don't have the talent to appease.'

I took a deep breath in front of the door and knocked, but there was no sound to come in.

“Hey, this is Sirone.”

There was no response, so I turned the doorknob, and the door opened by itself, opening a gap.

“I will go in.”

Countless women were waiting in front of Sirone, whose face was sticking out.

"surprise!"

Paper firecrackers exploded and paper dust fluttered down on Sirone's head.

“Are you surprised? Here's our welcome ceremony! Come in quickly!”

Miss Old Hill, whose skin was like snow, pulled Syrone away, baring her teeth.

All the participants were gathered, and among them were women in only underwear.

“Uh, there… … .”

Pony met her eyes and sighed.

"sorry. It's because of me. Yesterday, while talking to Mr. Rangi, you came up... … .”

Rangi approached with an apologetic expression.

“I think it would be safe to have you. I spoke frankly.”

“That's fine. Because nothing is more important than safety. But this is a bit... … .”

The voice of the official was heard.

“Twenty minutes before the competition.”

As soon as the talk was over, some participants took off their underwear and started changing into swimsuits.

“Aww!”

Shirone, stricken with great fear, hurriedly turned around, and the women burst into laughter.

“Sirone is naive. It's okay to be comfortable. For us, this is our job, and there are many male designers.”

It wasn't just wizards who didn't see their panties.

“Of course, not everyone is allowed to enter. But Sirone is not insidious... … .”

Rangi shyly turned around and prepared to change clothes.

“I'm not fine! hey! Get out of here!”

It was then that Pony, whose face was as hot as persimmon, pushed Sirone on the back.

'Living?'

As I hurriedly turned around, my energy disappeared like a lie.

“Hey, hey! What if you turn around like that!”

'Didn't you feel Pony?'

It was only hostility toward Sirone, and the women who didn't know why laughed.

“Ho-ho-ho! how is it? Seeing it, there's nothing wrong, right? Still, since I had a good time, should I keep watching until the end of the tournament?”

There was nothing special at all, but there was only one thought that came to Sirone's head.

"ah… … .”

Pony shouted even louder at Sirone's moan.

“Get out!”

Why couldn't I have thought of it?

'I didn't check the face of the terrorist. And if her diet is to steal a part of her body... … .'

This means that you can replace it with your own face.

'Wouldn't there be traces left?'

I looked closely at the women's necklines, but I couldn't find the slightest sense of incongruity.

'Even if it's a mental change... … .'

If only the appearance of the face had been replaced, the brain would have belonged to the terrorist, but it was impossible to confirm because the participants' personalities were not known.

'It was probably a mistake to lose my life.'

If the terrorist is here, the further away Sirone is, the greater the risk of getting hit.

“Don’t worry, Pony.”

Sirone said seriously.

“Because you see with your eyes, you don’t really see.”

The contestants turned their heads to Sirone, and Pony shook her shoulders with a dazed expression.

“… … What kind of crazy is that?”

Grabbing Sirone by the ear, she opened the door and dragged her outside.

“Get out, you pervert! get out quickly... … !”

"wait for a sec."

Sirone pulled her wrist and whispered in her ear as she closed the door.

“Hasn’t there been any contestants who have gotten a little weird since this morning?”

---------------------------------------