[252] Another Sky (2)

Mark made a fuss while looking at Sirone and Iruki.

“Sirone-senpai has an advantage, right? Yes?"

“It's a similar situation. If time passes like this, Pascal will become overloaded. If you can get there, the win is the starting point. Because Dante has lost his strongest weapon.”

Mark was so happy that he cried.

Until just a moment ago, I thought that Sirone's defeat was a fait accompli. He was even thinking that it was great just to compete with Dante, the best prospect in the kingdom.

However, Sirone turned the tide of the battle as if to show off.

“As expected, Shirone-senpai. You mean she surpassed Dante-senpai in information processing, too?"

Iruki didn't answer.

When Mark turned his head with a puzzled expression, all the seniors sitting in a row were watching the confrontation with serious eyes.

Iruki continued to scratch his chin. 

It is true that Sirone saw through Dante's system, but he did not know how that was possible.

If Dante's automaton had been so easily analyzed, Sirone wouldn't have struggled from the beginning.

Amy gave up and asked.

“How did you analyze the pattern? To be honest, I don't even know how Dante's automaton works. I can't even feel it Nade, how are you?”

"So do i. It's not complicated, it's because the system is too big. You can't just look at an elephant's legs and think of an elephant's shape.”

Amy thought Nade's analogy was perfect.

"That's right. It's not a system made just to deal with Sirone. Depending on the opponent, the range of transformation is extremely wide, so how can Sirone read the whole thing?”

Iruki presented a hypothesis.

“Maybe it’s not mathematical.”

Mark tilted his head.

“Isn’t that math? Then what?”

Iruki frowned and chose the right word.

"persimmon… … should I say

“Persimmon, persimmon? You mean intuition or something?”

Mark was bewildered. Dante's system was the darling of cutting-edge information magic. If you understand such a system with your senses, what is the need to live in a difficult world?

But Iruki was sincere. No matter how much I thought about it, that was the closest to the correct answer, and it wasn't as easy as Mark thought.

“Intuition is not superstition. Rather, it is an evolution of an inductive logic system.”

To prove that humans have two eyes, you don't have to count how many eyes everyone has. 

Most people are convinced that human beings have two eyes because family members and friends do not have three eyes.

said Amy.

“Sirone's insight is transcendent. Because you understand the whole thing with only a small amount of data. But even that has its limits. A certain amount of information has to be collected to be possible.”

Iruki said.

“But there are exceptions. So, the quality of the data. You cannot imagine an elephant just by looking at its legs, but if you collect the skeletons of an elephant, you can expect a powerful form.”

Nade also thought that Iruki was right.

“It seems that Sirone has collected special information that can only be confirmed by infiltrating Dante's system at the risk of his life. Based on that information, we analyzed the entire system.”

Mark recalled what Principal Alpheas said as a habit. Insight is faster than effort and more accurate than knowledge. If Dante had the ability to read channels, Sirone had insight that penetrated all things.

Every time Sirone moved, the 2,000 bracelets were heating up. It is said to have a safety device, but if you keep wearing it, you will get first-degree burns.

Dante was shocked to see Sirone surviving for over five minutes in the Pascal system.

It was an automaton that would crush any opponent with firepower within 5 seconds once bitten.

It is in the middle of the hell realized by the system.

A normal human being was running around like a playground in their own house, where even a normal human would not be afraid.

'why? Why are you not shaken?'

Insight is the ultimate in inductive logic systems, so it does not give 100% accurate answers. That's why there is a high probability of being anxious about the uncertain future.

However, Sirone did not lose her composure. It was the spiritual power of Geumgangtae that does not change form under any circumstances.

When Pascal was overloaded, Dante's nose grew cold. If you hold on like this, you will self-destruct with the magic circle.

But he didn't stop.

At the bottom of the cliff, the first defeat in life awaits. As the number of victories piled up, the blade in his heart became sharper, and that blade would cut himself with a single defeat.

'I can never lose!'

Dante rather increased the calculation speed of Pascal.

When I stepped into an unknown world I had never experienced before, the wall collapsed again and an amazing world unfolded.

The light of the Pascal magic circle burned intensely and the speed of the mansion increased.

A long procession of binary numbers flowed through my head like a torrent, cutting through my brain.

Pascal's change was immediately noticed by the students. Functions that were at least two tempos slower than Sirone were catching up to Sirone's speed.

Dante was sure.

'can do! I can still do more!'

Pascal doesn't have to process everything in parallel. If the most important computations were processed intensively, the local function could be increased several times.

'From Slow Mansion. Then fire, bolt and press in that order.'

Dante first calculated a specific address among the cells listed in Pascal's memory. It skipped from the 352nd operation to the 2,987th operation, and so on. Finally, when it reached the stage where it went from end to end at once, a roar erupted from the Pascal magic circle.

'This is it! This is what I wanted!'

Dante felt the freedom of consciousness flying away.

He could no longer see Sirone, and he could no longer hear the sound of gunfire on the battlefield. Only an infinite matrix of 1s and 0s passing at an electric speed filled my head.

Olivia trembled with emotion.

'Dante... … .'

I thought that one day I would jump over the wall. I didn't know that the trigger was Alpheas' disciple, but it didn't matter.

Dante, who reached the state of local computation, achieved astonishing growth as a chrysalis turned into a butterfly.

"ouch."

Dante removed his finger from holding the ant down. The ant that had bitten its index finger struggled and fell to the ground.

Olivia glanced at the ant on the floor and asked.

“Oops. It must have been bitten. Are you very sick?”

"haha! are you okay. It always happens.”

Dante put his finger in his mouth and sucked it, examining the ant. The 1111th ant, having lost its purpose, was spinning around in place, not knowing what to do, as if realizing the collapse of the kingdom.

“The channels are all connected. When a particular channel breaks, everything collapses. but… … .”

Dante gently held the flustered ant and examined the situation in the confused kingdom. Observing closely, he put the number 1111 down somewhere, and it gradually began to regain stability around that place.

Dante did not stop there and placed several ants on the elements. The sight of a kingdom that was on the verge of destruction quickly being built into a solid system gave Olivia a sense of wonder.

"lol! I'm sorry, ants.”

Dante looked up at Olivia and smiled brightly.

“I’m fine now.”

Olivia looked at Dante with a smile. Staring into the clear, transparent eyes of the boy as if trying to pry something out of her, she finally made her decision.

“Dante, why don’t you learn magic?”

It was the day Olivia and Dante's relationship began.

Olivia never doubted that Dante would become the kingdom's greatest wizard ever since that day.

It is not just a machine that processes information. He was a determined human being who could break through any limit.

Sirone is obviously a great kid, but there would be no one in his class who could beat Dante who jumped over the wall.

“Big uh… … !”

Dante did his best to keep his spirits up. The speed of information processing was accelerating to an unprecedented level.

The magic spewed from 86 mansions has now spread out in all directions to the point where even the direction is meaningless.

Even if Sirone's judgment was slightly off, the game was over, and now even the students couldn't be sure who would win.

Dante's mental power is rapidly declining, but Sirone was also linking more than 2,000 teleportation times.

'damn! why? Why doesn't it fit?'

Dante was stunned.

Even though Pascal's functions were raised to the limit, Sirone was still roaming around the system. It was clear that his thoughts were accelerating with the gear he had raised.

Dante's five senses were completely open, and it was impossible to distinguish which information was visual and which was auditory.

It was an amazing experience.

As Sirone's information was mixed, I felt a sense of unity, as if my body and mind were united.

'damn! It's not allowed to do things like this with a man!'

Whatever the emotion, Dante tasted the highest level of elation. The reaction speed of thoughts reached a level that had not been achieved before, and all information of Sirone was dismantled and flooded with signals.

The two had an existential conversation. A raw rapport with no lies or truth. At that point, Sirone and Dante were thrilled. A flash of light exploded across his vision as if it had turned into electricity.

The conversation between the ultimate talents of induction and deduction was transmitted to all who watched, in the form of magic. The students watched the battle between the two without even blinking.

A battle is a conflict. But now the two seemed to be dancing. It was a dance that was mixed with all sorts of magic and knowledge.

Alpheas smiled.

“You have to come a long way back to know what is right. Only when certain, denied, and then certain again does the spirit dwell in the body. You can agonize to your heart's content. Isn’t it another sky anyway?”

Olivia's eyes calmed down.

The combat simulation system Icheonbeon was an opportunity for students to experience actual combat in advance and a space for showing off their superiority. 

But would the Jacobin, the creator of the 2,000, think so?

Perhaps he gave the students the freedom to fail as they please.

Olivia clenched her fists in her lap.

Alpheas's philosophy was certainly correct. But he didn't want to come this far and compromise. Only the victors, as long as they entered the battle, are recorded in history. Dante wins. You must be a disciple who is proud to be the best in your teacher's life.

The exchange of information between Sirone and Dante reached the limit, and the students twirled the unbearably hot bracelets.

86 mansions and a flash of light.

Looking at the exchange of information hundreds of times per second created by that combination, it felt like the world was spinning.

Maria's eyes were wet. A talent that transcends the human realm. When two people with that talent get tangled up, this absurd scene unfolds.

“Senior Dante… … It's really great.”

Mark turned his head with a surprised expression. If it was Maria, he would of course support Sirone. Aside from personal feelings, he would never be able to forget the incident of being insulted by Dante's group.

“Maria, what are you talking about?”

"Perhaps today's confrontation will be recorded in history."

Mark realized something and shut his mouth. As Maria said, the confrontation between Sirone and Dante was beyond the level of practice.

“I used to hate competition so much.”

Mark knew too. He couldn't overcome the pressure of the competition and even activated the machinery of the bridge that he couldn't cross.

“But now… … I think it's a really cool world. Sirone-senpai was just a genius. You just had to look up without thinking. But Dante-senpai is making your senpai fight with all her might with a poem like that.”

Mark looked back at Maria with a sad heart. Her heart penetrated and melted her longings.

The same was true of himself. But it shouldn't be like that. If you think about it that far, you will never be able to stand up again.

Maria bowed her head sadly.

“Perhaps I… … You will never experience something like that in your life.”

Mark gritted it. Sirone's appearance matched the ideal of a wizard she dreamed of.

How do you feel? Showing off one's talents in the realm of heaven is. The feeling of holding on to the best opponent and falling to the edge of hell.

I couldn't even guess, but it must have been the greatest joy a wizard could feel.

---------------------------------------