[784] Alpha fish(2)

The place where Amy arrived was the parade ground where you can see the accommodations for female applicants to stay.

Male applicants were crowded across the barbed wire, but the distance was too great to see properly.

'Are they training separately? If so, Valkyrie was a little disappointed.

“The commander is entering!”

A tall man with dozens of scars carved on his face like a medal came walking with an instructor.

“Salute to the commander!”

While salutes and slogans from different countries exploded simultaneously, some volunteers did not move.

Either way is right.

Even so, Gomez, the commander of the Valkyrie Recruitment Platoon, growled like a tiger.

"You're such a ragtag! ok? What a mess!”

Among the close to 100 women standing in a row, none showed off their displeasure.

“From now on, you guys will experience horrendous sexism! Because I'm a damn serious sexist! There is only one reason! Because I am a man!”

Gomez punched the first applicant in the face.

“Are you feeling bad? ok? Answer me!”

"no!"

Another voice rang out.

"It's a confirmed elimination! I have no pride in this! Why did you crawl all the way here to wage a war?”

Gomez, who moved away before the first applicant could even refute, asked the person next to him again.

"how about you? Are you feeling bad?”

"yes! I feel bad!”

"shut up! What if you feel bad? I'm the boss, you're just a pawn! If it sucks, be the commander too! So do your best to discriminate against men! Got it!”

"All right!"

Gomes turned to the instructor.

“As you all know, this place is hell! And especially hell for women! I am a male chauvinist with a bad temper, and I have severe anger control disorder!”

After opening the box containing the letters of recommendation, he took out a bunch of documents and waved them to the applicants.

“You know what this is? A letter of recommendation with the seal of the king. Of course I didn't even read it! is this kindergarten? What are you asking me to do by throwing away just one of these things?”

The letter of recommendation was ripped from the top of Gomez's head.

“No need for shredding paper! Do you know what a demon is? They're just like me! If I see fuzzy kids like you, I'll go crazy wanting to bully them! So tore the demons apart... … !”

Gomes, who was giving a long speech, looked at someone and stopped talking with an absurd expression.

“Hey, you.”

At first, no one responded.

"you! Red hair!”

Amy looked away, confirmed that they were pointing at her, and took a step forward.

“Admission Crew Karmis Amy!”

Gomez, who was silent for a long time, asked.

“… … What are you wearing makeup on?”

Amy was a bit taken aback, but immediately came to her senses and raised her head.

“No makeup!”

"Oh yeah?"

Gomez came closer and inspected it.

"You're not wearing makeup, are you? Absolutely awesome! The demons will be very excited! Why the hell did you come here? Did you come to seduce me with that face!”

"no!"

Sparks flew in Gomes' eyes, and he punched Amy in the face with a fist.

Falling to the floor, Amy struggled to comprehend the situation, but she stood up first.

“Ask again! Are you tempting me?”

Amy came to be a general.

"no!"

Gomes, whose face was distorted, hit Amy with more force than before.

"wake up!"

Amy stood up like a tumbler

“I will ask you one last time! You better answer well if you don't want to be the first one to drop out! Are you going to seduce me?”

An angry shout erupted

"no!"'

The moment he clenched his jaw and closed one eye, Gomes returned to his seat and shouted.

“Now listen carefully! All I ask of you is one thing! just die! That is our job!”

Everyone was in high spirits.

“Where is the person in the world who wants to die? That's why we need you! It is a soldier who gets paid to die on their behalf! let's do our thing! Death is the most sublime!”

100 women also came to this place through fierce competition, but their eyes were different from when they first came.

"more! Enter the inn and get supplies! As soon as we eat lunch, we will start the word-of-mouth news!”

Gomes, who gave the instructions, headed towards the male cadets, and the instructor followed and asked.

"How is it? I was worried about the situation in other countries, but when I read the recommendation letter, there were many more talented students than I thought.”

“Tell me what are you doing? War is the enemy. Did those flower-like kids come here because they wanted to die?”

Gomez was also a pathetic father of two daughters at home.

“These are resources that will be the core resources of Valkyrie in the future. Dealing with demons is completely different from dealing with humans. Train it harshly to the point of shedding tears of blood. Otherwise... … .”

Life flashed in Gomes' eyes.

“Because you will shed bloody tears on the battlefield.”

When the instructors left, the women finally relaxed and let out a sigh.

“I asked what it would be like as a world army, but there is nothing special.”

“Because there is a limit to holding it with military force. It doesn’t matter what kind of training you receive.”

Amy caressed her tingly, swollen cheek and listened attentively to the conversations of the other applicants.

“Looking at the last Valkyrie call-up notice, in addition to noncommissioned officers and officers, they were recruiting generals as well? It’s a great opportunity to learn from talented people.”

As expected, thinking that no one is weak, Amy made up her mind, but someone touched her shoulder.

"uh… … !”

Amy's eyes widened at the unexpectedly welcome face.

“Tess! Did you apply too?”

Tess of the Elsaine family.

Lian's friend and member of the trio with Amy and Arin in heaven was smiling brightly.

“Hey, Amy. Did you get attention right from the first day?”

Amy smiled bitterly.

"I know. I must have been completely captured.”

“He must be a pervert. If I had hit him one more time, I would have come forward and beaten him.”

If it was Tess's personality, it would remain that way.

are you okay. Even though it was hit with a fist. If I had slapped him on the cheek, I would have beaten him too... … .”

will be strong

If I go higher and become a general, then I will be able to meet Sirone with confidence.

Tess, feeling the aura from Amy's calm expression, smiled kindly.

"okay. Let’s make sure to pass and show our example.”

Amy, suddenly aware, asked.

“By the way, what about the swordsmanship school? Do you have any motivation for suddenly supporting Valkyrie?”

Tess' face darkened.

“My father passed away. It looks like you were attacked by the demon army while protecting the colony when the altar was opened.”

Amy's eyes darkened.

"ah… … .”

"are you okay. because it's not sad His father was only carrying out his duties as Commander of the Occupation Territory. However, his demons cannot be forgiven. So he read the official document and applied for the post of noncommissioned officer.”

“A sergeant? Aren't you an officer?"

With Tess' swordsmanship skills, she could have become an officer in the Valkyrie Army.

'So you want to fight.'

to avenge his father.

“Amy, are you an officer?”

"huh. The Valkyrie Magic Squad didn't pick a noncommissioned officer. Even if it's an officer, the deployment is the same anyway.”

Since magic mastery belongs to a special class, it is inevitable that the scale is smaller than that of infantry.

That's why the promotion is fast, but there were many cases where even a lieutenant colonel was directly put into hand-to-hand combat.

"however… … .”

Tess asked hesitantly.

“Have you heard any news about Lian?”

"no. Totally two pieces of news. It seems that even the Ogent family doesn't know about it. Haven't you contacted me either?"

Tess responded with silence.

“To be careless. I will give you a message.”

My heart hurt more because Lian would be the only person who could fill the loss of my father.

"are you okay. You're that kind of guy Now that you've gotten stronger, you'll be eating well and packing well, no matter where you are."

Amy had a boyfriend who couldn't read women's minds.

"joy! It's enough without such an idiot. You have Amy now, right? If the night is lonely, I can go out with you.”

Amy's face turned pale as Tess wrapped her arms around her body.

“Wait, what did you just say… … .”

“Uh huh, you don’t have to take it off like that. After all, this is an army. We have no choice but to be self-sufficient.”

Amy, who was moving along with Tess, who was pulling her by force, asked nervously.

“Tess, are you kidding? huh? This must be a real joke... … .”

“Ho-ho-ho! I don't know! How will I change too!”

Tess' laughter embroidered the parade ground among the applicants who were still face-to-face.

“Who laughs like that?”

As the window of the command and control room opened, the general who personally attended the entrance ceremony looked down at the parade ground.

“What about those children?”

The world's strongest flame mage, Luda Garcia.

He gave up his position as the head of Nam Eamond's Magic Association and was currently serving as the commander of the 2nd Corps of the Valkyrie Magic Unit.

"who is this? Why are you so relaxed?”

“Lieutenant Commander.”

The officer on duty checked the two women running away laughing, then went through the files.

“This is Karmis Amy and Elzaine Tess. Their homeland is Tormia, and they seem to have known each other for a long time. also… … .”

The officer on duty wiped his lips with his tongue.

“According to intelligence, the lovers of those two are the Ivory Tower Five Stars, St. Arian Sirone, and Macha Knight, Lian.”

Garcia's eyes widened.

“Knight of Maha? They are going straight south from the northwest region of Kashan and sweeping away the demons?”

Lian's location is top secret.

"yes. Valkyrie was offered a general position, but I know you rejected it.”

“Which of the two is Oh Dae-sung’s lover?”

Sirone was in debt.

“Hey, red hair.”

Garcia caught Amy's face in his eyes.

“Could you sort out all the items related to training results, achievements, and major specialties and send them to me?”

The officer on duty took a stand at attention and answered.

"yes!"

It was the lieutenant general's order.

* * *

What the Republic of Korea obtained in exchange for the Ex-Machina was the full support of the holy war.

The Crusade struck the western part of the Gustaf Empire with 30% of the Valkyries fighting the demons.

In the face of objective figures, the military discipline of the Balkans had no choice but to hesitate for a moment, and thanks to this, the Republic of Korea was able to breathe.

“It won’t last long.”

Next to Sirone flying to Aganos, Minerva flew in on a jet.

“Even though the Jincheon Empire in the east, the Holy Temple in the west, and the Republic of Kotria in the south strike at the same time, all we can do is block their expansion. The military power of the Balkans is certainly phenomenal.”

“Because he is the one who fights against the world. In the end, getting rid of Harvits is the quickest solution.”

And now, the information that the first button was sewn was delivered to Sirone and Minerva.

“… … What kind of person is he?”

The Ex-Machina team found the Alpha Fish.

“Anyone would be insane.”

Atrocities, chaos, ignorance.

He was a person who truly loved Havitz, a collection of all kinds of unpleasant concepts.

'Is it possible?'

Even Gustav's 4th class was only attracted by the smell of his own people, and it was far from love.

“You came quickly. What happened to the altar?”

When I arrived at the imperial castle after crossing the wall with the free pass, Iruki was waiting at the entrance.

“I came while it was being sealed. I heard that it is an urgent matter. Has the alpha fish arrived?”

"huh. I'm waiting in your room now."

“What kind of person are you?”

"that is… … .”

Iruki twitched his lips, but eventually gave up on explaining and turned himself into the imperial castle.

"let's go. See and judge for yourself.”

---------------------------------------