Fine-tune(4)

Sirone looked at Lian's broad back.

“Lian?”

Her back, as broad as a shield, was a relief, as always, but her temperament was different.

His will, which seemed like a volcanic eruption, was now densely compressed.

“Sirone, I will take care of it.”

If it's Lian, there's no room for muttering, but one thing needs to be clarified.

"be careful. This guy has Ymir's horse.”

“Ymir?”

Rian wants to eliminate all potential dangers that could reach Sirone.

In that respect, Ymir was a mountain he had to overcome and his greatest rival.

“… … honey."

Lian, who exchanged glances with Monolas with the large straight sword between them, frowned.

“I can't believe that.”

It was clear that he was strong, but his temperament was too low to be called Ymir.

all.

“It's a complicated matter. maybe."

If Sirone put off explaining, Rian didn't have the intention of digging too deep.

"okay. Leave this to me.”

Lian also knew that subduing the president of the chemical company was an urgent task.

"Please."

As Sirone flew towards the city, Monoras twisted and took a position to follow.

“You can’t miss it.”

"hey."

Ryan called.

“Your opponent is me. I know it's because the moment you show your back, your torso will split in two.”

Normally, it was a monolas that wouldn't even snort, but this time it couldn't move.

Lian's muscles grotesquely twisted and took the form of a gentle yaksha.

"quite??????!"

Before he could even finish his words, Lian's fist was thrust directly into Monolas' chin.

The pig's face seemed to be crushed, but it flew hundreds of meters ahead and landed on the ground.

Aaaaaang!

As Lian pulled out his great sword and leaned forward, Monolas cut through the smoke and jumped out.

“Kuul!”

Woo woo woo woo!

The moment the fist and the big sword collided again, a flash of light exploded and a shockwave raged.

While both sides were shocked by the unimaginable resistance, Monolas tore his mouth open.

"It's been a while since I've been working hard."

Why is pain so pleasurable?

"Quaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!"

When the fist that was stretched out with determination hit the big sword, the shock was transmitted along the handle.

“Keugh!”

Lian's skin was torn to pieces, and Monolas' fists cracked open.

'Doesn't it break even after this?'

<Idea> is not destroyed.

“Whoa.”

Lian slowly backed away and let go of the straight sword as it fell to the floor with a ding.

While looking at the straight sword, Monoras looked at the chain connected to the palm of his hand.

“What is that? honey."

Gehenna.

“It is a fire that consumes everything.” Lian, who had heated the sword red-hot, pulled the chain and held it in his hand, aiming at it.

“Your horse… … I will take it.” If it was really Ymir's demon, it was unknown even to Lian if he could completely purify it.

“Mmm.”

Even Monoras, who had no interest in the Hell system, was aware of the Chains of Gehenna.

"haha. Kuck.”

Monoras' muscles sprang up, and for the first time, life flashed in his eyes.

It was the energy of Ymir that was infallible.

" eat."

Leading with an energy greater than Mount Tai, Monoras pushed out his upper body and charged.

'It just swallows them all.'

Lette, who entrusted Syrone to Monolas, arrived at Magritte's underground laboratory.

"president! Please be lenient!”

The generals all fell on their knees and pleaded, but Lethe's response was cold.

“Magritte, you have let me down.” Trapped against the wall of the laboratory, Magritte was severely injured by the inferno.

“I will not make excuses. But it was done for Satan. Don't you know?”

"Satan?"

Lethe laughed.

“Even Satan is nothing more than a creature born in the hell system. It's not a world you guys made to spin as you please. The rules of the chemical company are strict.”

Magritte nodded.

"okay. now i get it From the beginning... … No matter how this world works, it must have had nothing to do with you.”

“What do you want to say?”

“I just want to ask you one question. Since there is a bond that has been together for 500 million years, he will answer you. No, even that time is but a moment to you?”

It was not a question to be asked before death, so the generals put on a puzzled expression.

“Duke, what is that… …

Magritte asked as if blocking out the noise.

“Who are you?” “Why do managers exist? Didn't it really matter what happened in this world? Whether Satan wins or Yahweh wins, whoever wins... …

Magritte's gaze penetrated Lethe.

“As long as this world can be maintained, you guys are not good at all.”

“You have lived too long, Magritte.” Lethe made a sad face.

“What does that matter? You guys are just my children. None of this would have happened if you hadn't betrayed me.”

"betrayal? What betrayal?”

Magritte frowned.

“You already know my intention to help Satan. So that's not it. What scares me the most is... …

The manager's mission.

“Integration of systems. When the systems you separate and manage are integrated, we can go out to the outside world. Wasn’t that why you were trying to stop the collusion between me and Yahweh?”

“Are you talking about that again? Anyway, you guys, Lethe, were crying.

“I really don’t know. Whether or not there is an outside world, or what kind of place it is, even if you are a manager, you can't tell. My authority extends only to this world.”

"i think so too. So this is just my stubbornness. Because delusion is possible. Even if you really don't know about the outside world... …

Magritte looked up.

“You know the truth?”

Emotions disappeared from Lethe's eyes, and a chill that could not exist in hell rose up.

“Rest.”

As the flames of purification burned Magritte's body, the generals charged at once.

"grandee!"

But before they even got close, their bodies started to catch fire in hell.

“Miss Lethe! Mother of Hell! Please consider our loyalty!”

I am not afraid of extinction.

What is truly frightening is the fate of having to disappear before the truth.

'We... …

Is the truth inaccessible?

Even in the midst of the generals disappearing, Magritte was desperately blocking the purification.

“Yes, you were an excellent kid.”

Royal lineage.

"It's not like I was given the ability to do that. Isn't that right, Archduke Magritte?"

As life dwells in Lethe's eyes, the flame of purification burns dozens of times larger.

“Aaaaaaa!”

The moment the Archduke screamed, the Hand of God flew in and snatched him up.

'The skill of the hand.'

The ability to deceive even Lethe's cognition extinguished the purification fire and moved Magritte to a safe place.

"Lethe."

Where she turned, Sirone stood.

“Lord Yahweh… …

I don't know how far I heard it, but Shirone's expression said it all.

“It is foolish to the end. Would annihilating Magritte help humanity?”

Magritte, whose whole body had been burned like charcoal, spat out harsh words as he leaned against the wall.

“Yahweh, kill Lethe. As long as that woman exists, we can never be united.”

“I will do this.”

Lethe took a step.

“I will disarm the Demon Realm. Also, demons will not disturb the human world.”

“Are you going to release it?”

Sirone bit her molars.

“Do you know how many humans have died? Do you even know how broken this world is to hear that simple word from you?”

“I just live like that.”

Sirone's eyes widened, but she remained calm.

“Why are you so obsessed with the truth? If you go deep, you will not know anything. It is the essence of this world that it gradually becomes clearer, but in the end it becomes neither one nor the other.”

Humans cannot be perfectly defined.

“Love, for example. The level of understanding you feel the moment you hear that word is the human world. Well, even physical communion would be defined. Dig deeper into the chemistry of the brain. But chemistry is the action of molecules, molecules into atoms, atoms into quanta, and quanta… …

After stopping her explanation there, Lethe opened her arms.

“Where is the love in it? Look, you don't know. If you dig into it, it will break. So you can just live in this world without thinking.”

It was such a cold world.

“Tell me one thing.” Sirone asked.

“What is the terrible truth? What is the truth that you were trying to confirm with your own eyes?”

“He will come back.” Lethe seemed to be performing advanced calculations.

“But then everything will be over. Your beliefs will also be in vain. Do you really want that?”

said the Archduke.

“It’s no use. No matter what you say, her heart won't change. Because she has no heart.”

Having reached the same conclusion, Sirone approached while spreading the Miracle Stream.

“Then you have no choice but to input the signal yourself. We’ll see what output comes out.”

Lette groaned.

“Monoras.”

When there was no reaction, her pupils began to shake rapidly.

'Why isn't he coming?'

The moment Sirone rushed in like a flash, Lethe gave up the calculation and shouted loudly.

“Void!”

Black smoke billowed in front of her, and Deputy Chief Boyd blocked the way.

At the same time, Sirone was lifted up, and the Miracle Stream began to be sucked into the void.

“It’s no use.”

Darkness was spinning in Boyd's eyes.

“I am the blank of the universe.”

If the universe is too full to store information, no new concepts can be created.

Time will not pass.

'Entropy manager.'

Sirone pushed the hexa with all his might, but it felt empty to the point of futility.

“No matter how hard you try, you can't get out of the vacuum. Stop giving up.”

“Is it really so?” Ultimate of mind - agape. Boyd's face crumpled as the Miracle Stream burned with a brilliant radiance.

“The human mind transcends the universe.” The moment when a piece of information becomes so large that it can no longer be stored and its capacity is full.

“Big!”

The black pupil opened and cracked, and white light began to leak out.

'It's just information. deal with it It's the only thing the universe can't contain by just squeezing it down as much as possible.

“Damn it.”

As the huge void was filled with light, it became unable to process even a single signal.

“We will go all the way.”

At that point the world stops.

“Oohhh!”

Cracks formed in Boyd's body, and thousands of beams of light leaked out, dismantling the signal.

“Whoa.”

Sirone took a deep breath and looked around, but Lethe was nowhere to be seen.

“… … stomach."

The dying Archduke pointed his index finger at the ceiling and saw her, who had not yet gone far.

Sirone guessed the reason.

“Lian.”

She, who tried to get away from Yahweh as much as possible, was forced to stay in the air.

“… … no. It's impossible.”

It was because he witnessed the evaporation of the earth being purified to the end of the horizon.

"Quaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!"

Monolas, who had a great sword stuck in his chest, screamed as he grabbed the blade.

'It's probably not a level that humans can handle.'

Then what is that?

Lethe's gaze moved along the chain and searched for the ignition point of the huge flame.

'idea.'

One yaksa was enduring the hellfire, spewing white smoke from its mouth.