[19] Learn magic (2)

'Oh, how could this be! Why is that child here?'

As Amy and her friend walked side by side, Sirone turned her head. She was a bummer if she ever remembered herself. Because she knows she's not noble.

'Please pass by. Just pass by.'

The two female students passed by without showing any sign.

Sirone let out a sigh of relief, but that was a hasty judgment coming from not knowing the woman.

“Did you see the kid who just passed by? Is this the new Ann? You're too old for a freshman, are you a transfer student? It was completely my taste.”

Even after listening to her talkative friend, Amy didn't answer. Like Shirone, she also felt something strange about her.

But it wasn't even traumatic. She couldn't easily think of Sirone, who had done countless mischievous things in her back alley.

“Hmm, that’s strange. I'm obviously familiar with it. Where did you see it?”

“What, are you interested in him? You haven't given a man a glance until now."

"no. Where did you really see it?”

“Don't lie! Don't let this be honest. did you fall in love Are you in love?”

“Oh, it’s not really.”

At the persistent questioning, Amy accelerated her steps. As her friend walked faster, she and Amy started running. The boys around her looked at Amy with her happy face.

Only Sirone knew that she, who was revered as a goddess at Alpheas Magic School, was once a rogue who dominated the back alleys.

* * *

magic school. 3 test site.

The huge auditorium had a floor as smooth as a mirror. Unknown letters were written on it, and not a single common chair was placed.

The only place where it was written was on the north side of the auditorium. Five teachers sat side by side at a table across from it.

Six children were taking the test while waiting for their turn, most of them under the age of 10. 

“The test is not over yet. It just went well. Watch what they do.”

Sirone went to where the test was being conducted. The children, who were concentrating while waiting for their turn, looked at Sirone as if wondering.

Traditionally, the 3rd exam hall, which tests the spirit zone, only takes the entrance exam, except for special cases. However, Sirone's age was too old to be a freshman.

Alpheas told Sirone that the letters engraved on the floor conveyed special information when entering the zone. According to what they see there, the teachers check the size, strength, flexibility, and tendency of the spirit zone.

“Yes, Chemie. Can you use magic?”

“I can levitate things.”

Examiners did not check individually. Even if he bluffed at the school he entered to learn, in the end it would only cost him himself.

"I see. Shall we go into the Spirit Zone now?”

Chemie entered the spirit zone while receiving the gaze of the judges. The teacher sitting to her right watched intently, resting his chin on the back of his hand. He was a clean-looking man with thick double eyelids and an all-back hair.

“What number is the furthest you can see?”

“Six.”

"Ohh! 6.”

The man admired and wrote the numbers on the paper. It means that the diameter of the spirit zone is 6 meters. If the number of incoming students was this large, it was at least the level to enter class 9.

It was the turn of the elderly teacher sitting next to me to ask a question. With fine wrinkles all over his head and forehead, he habitually raised his eyes wide open, which made him look like an owl.

“What color do you feel the most vivid?”

"hmm… … I feel like I have entered the red world.”

“It is red. It's kind of divergent. It is understandable that he has a wide zone for his age.”

The teachers nodded at the old man's words. Teachers 3 and 4 also asked questions about their field of study.

The question of whether the giant tower is standing on the right or the left was to find out whether the brain was mainly used in the right or left hemisphere, and the question of how many balls were shaking around was a question to measure the density of the zone.

“What temperature do you feel right now? Is it hot or cold?”

The last teacher to ask a question was a young woman. She had fiercely thin eyebrows and the long corners of her eyes gave off a cold feeling, but she was attractive enough for her appearance.

"hmm… … I think it's a little hot. I sweat too.”

It was said that if you feel the heat, the shape of the spirit zone is variable. However, it was a problem that could not be said to be good or bad because the durability decreased the more it did.

In this way, the remaining students were tested in turn. The teachers looked satisfied, probably because the level was quite high.

When a child called the number 12, even the principal, Alfeas, couldn't help but admire it.

After all the students finished the test, it was Sirone's turn. Alpheas gently pushed the nervous Sirone on the back and led him to his teachers.

“Now, don’t be afraid to show off your skills.”

“Yes, I will try.”

Sirone was not burdened. From the time he came here, he was determined to study from the basics.

When the tall boy entered, the judges took a close look at Sirone. He was a special selection student whom the principal announced in advance.

In the resume, the unique status of being a guest of the Ogent family was described, and it was written that there was a high possibility of development in the special details.

Sometimes there are children like this. A child who accidentally opens up his abilities as he gets older. 

However, this is a magic school called the cradle of geniuses. No matter how much they say they are geniuses outside, there are countless children who end up becoming inferior students when they come here. Maybe that's why the teachers didn't have any expectations. 

A man with white hair sitting on the right asked a question in a sullen voice. Sade, the fire mage. The only thing he was interested in was women.

“Aryan Sirone. You are 18 years old. Can you use magic?”

"no. I haven't learned magic yet.”

"okay. Even if you don’t learn anything, you should be able to do a few things.”

Sade's tone was mixed with sarcasm. Of course, there was truth in what he said. The Spirit Zone acts like a passageway that brings the knowledge in your head into reality.

Therefore, noble children who studied various knowledge from a young age often practiced simple magic alone.

However, it was impossible for Sirone, who did not have the opportunity to learn his studies. Knowing such a shortcoming, I set aside other things and hung my neck on the spine of knowledge, but anyway, it was true that the knowledge that could be applied to magic was shallow until now.

"great. Let's take a look. Stand in the circle over there and do the Spirit Zone. Ah, you can do Spirit Zone, right?”

I was thinking of questioning the morality of the principal if I had entered through the special screening process without even getting into the spirit zone.

Fortunately, Sirone nodded and headed toward the circle, so there was no reason to be suspicious.

Sirone closed her eyes and concentrated. As the ego faded, countless senses stretched out.

'wow… … .'

Upon entering the zone, Sirone was overwhelmed by the amount of information. It was as if I had fallen into a world of another dimension.

Most of the information in topological space is blocked. All I could feel was the interaction of the magic letters carved into the floor.

“What number is the farthest you can see?”

Numerous numbers were idling. Sirone paid attention to the number that could be seen the farthest. Since it was through synesthesia, not vision, it didn't matter whether they had eyesight or not.

However, Sirone did not answer.

“Sirone, how many numbers can you see far away?”

Despite Sade's urging, Sirone's mouth did not open. Teachers thought he was shy. He saw the skills of young children, so it was natural for him to be intimidated.

Alpheas spoke in a benevolent voice.

“Sirone, you just have to be honest. It's not about ranking, it's about finding an educational method that's right for you.”

Sirone said in a confident voice.

"excuse me… … I can see the numbers, but they are too long to read.”

“You can't read? Are you saying you can't see it?"

"no. I can see it, but it's too long. It is still getting longer.”

Sade was annoyed. A magic phrase that calculates the size of a zone only passes integers. He felt ashamed to reveal his lack of skills, so he thought he was wasting time by repeating repetitions.

“Then, just say the number in front of it roughly.”

“Um, 3.14.”

The teachers' eyes widened. The number Sirone was looking at was pi. Since it is an irrational number that is not divisible by an integer, it extends infinitely.

The woman sitting on the left raised her glasses and shot at me. Shiina of ice magic. He was a teacher with a cold personality befitting his magical inclination, making him an enmity with Sade.

“Sirone, I'm sorry, but there is no 3.14 in the number we specified. Are you sure?”

Sirone frowned as if in trouble.

"hmm. is that so? But I see it that way.”

'It's real... … .'

Shiina lied. Of course, the circumference was not recorded in the magic letters engraved on the floor. There was only one case where the pi ratio was floating.

When the area of ​​the zone has exceeded the measurable range.

That means that the diameter of the zone that Sirone spreads out is at least 30 meters.

The measurement accuracy of the 3rd test site, which evaluates freshmen, was set quite low. This is because children who have not matured yet can be psychologically shocked if they are shown a high-intensity landscape or experience the scorching heat and cold of the Arctic.

As part of that, the range for measuring the diameter of the Spirit Zone was also limited to 30 meters.

However, no matter how late admission is, not many people have exceeded this threshold. Zones with a diameter of 30 meters or more were at least class 5 or higher.

The old man sitting next to Saad asked a question.

“Which color is the most vivid?”

“Um, blue. Everything is dyed blue.”

The old man's lips pouted. A chatter began to be heard among the teachers.

If it is a blue system, it is a convergent type. A series that has an advantage in durability rather than the size of the spirit zone.

Even so, if the diameter of the spirit zone exceeded 30 meters, it was by no means that growth was slow compared to his age.

Alpheas was also a series of surprises. It seemed that I finally understood the reason for Klump's boastful words.

However, being a wizard by nature, he became rather critical.

I was thinking of praising it if it was a suitable talent, but Sirone was already beyond that level. It was also a half talent that had not yet reached the realm of magic.

This is dangerous. If you praised it too much, you could ruin your whole life.

Sirone answered the ensuing question. The development of the brain was bihemispheric, using both the left and the right simultaneously.

This was also characteristic, but what was really noteworthy came from the next question.

“How many balls are floating around?”

I didn't have to count because I was experiencing synesthesia. I could feel the number of balls all at once, as if something were touching my skin.

Sirone remained silent for a moment before opening his mouth.

“Overview of 867.”

“867… … .”

The teacher who asked the question murmured involuntarily. 

Shiina, who had been watching with a cold attitude until now, also pulled up a chair for the first time and sat down properly.

John's density was a category that measured how evenly spread mental power was.

Sensing 867 balls meant that Sirone's mental power was filling the zone with a density of 86.7 percent.

Equal density means that the mind is stable, and if so, the probability of magic success is bound to increase.

---------------------------------------