[100] Meeting God (2)

“Sirone… … .”

Amy held Sirone's hand with her eyes swollen from crying. The teachers were also in a state of distraught, so no one came to see them. No, maybe he has already admitted that Sirone is dead. 

But Amy shook her head and denied it. She couldn't believe that Sirone was dead. There were too many obscure corners to call it an obsession.

Nade offered words of comfort.

“Senior, don’t worry. Sirone will be back.”

"that's right. Common sense makes no sense. Why the hell are you dying? If you were going to die from casting Mass Teleport, it shouldn't have been activated from the start. Something strange must have happened to Sirone.”

Iruki frowned in disapproval. She himself has been by her side all night, but he has done nothing more foolish than to mistake the dead for living.

"If you're going to argue that way, Arcane should have lived too. Just casting magic is enough to kill me.”

“The situation is different with Arcane! Sirone completely opened the immortal function. That has nothing to do with declining brain function!”

“Anyway, it's the same as exceeding the capacity. Humans can die from any variable. Whether he is dead or alive is what matters, and it is not reasonable to question why he died.”

Nade frowned. Even if it was true, she had things to say and things to say in front of her girlfriends. Just as he was about to shoot, Amy approached Iruki with her cold eyes.

“You, you are as unlucky as ever.”

Iruki looked at Amy with his chin resting on the table. Her eyes were burning red.

'It's the Karmis family. Well, if it's red eyes, it must be immune to spirit-type magic.'

The red face is a famous trait on the continent. Anti-magic was the only thing that could invade their minds, so it was understandable that they escaped from Abyss Nova. However, his thoughts were just there, and soon he looked away as if he was not interested and said.

“It’s a bad habit to blame others when you feel bad.”

"no. You are really setting the mood on fire. What are you? Are you really Sirone's friend? How could you think Sirone is dead?”

“I didn’t think he was dead. They said she was dead.”

"That's a worse word! And you, how are you talking about Class Five?”

“If you feel bad, refer it to the student council. It's okay if you get punished.”

Amy couldn't stand it and approached. She then grabbed Iruki by the collar and lifted him up with the power of schema. Iruki's legs fell off the ground.

"Say it again. But this time I'll have to be honest.”

“Oh, you are scared.”

There was no emotion in Iruki's eyes. She just stared down at Amy with her empty eyes. However, she was the kind of person who would not hesitate to do anything if Amy turned inside out as well.

“Do the same thing I say. Sirone is not dead. Otherwise, you will end up lying next to Sirone.”

“Sirone is dead.”

“Sirone is not dead! Follow me quickly!”

“Sirone is dead.”

Amy's crimson eyes flickered. Engineered the accuracy of his punches with his self-image memory, he targeted Iruki's 3rd and 4th teeth and punched him. However, even Iruki's expression did not change. He was about to stop exactly in front of his lips as he saw his acceleration diminish.

As expected, Amy stopped moving just before hitting. Iruki said dryly, watching her tremble with her fist filled with resentment. & nbsp;

“Ah, I’m glad.”

"Do not be ridiculous! Unlucky Servant. People like you don't even understand the meaning of my stopping my fists.”

Amy couldn't hit Iruki. No matter how much she hated her, she was Sirone's friend.

“It means to stop the fist. To the extent that I just drained my strength needlessly?”

Sparks flew in Amy's eyes.

“So, with that gaping mouth, are you saying Sirone is dead too? I know that? People like you don't even deserve to have friends.”

“Maybe. But do you deserve it?”

“What is it? this is real... … !”

Amy pulled her collar again and raised her fist. Then, Iruki frowned at her for the first time and shook her hand that was holding her collar.

“Ah, sir!”

As Amy looked at her while shaking her hands, Iruki walked over to the bed and pointed at Sirone.

“It is you who are pitiful. Does this look really alive? I can't breathe, my heart has stopped! But the truth is, you guys are talking nonsense, like saying you're alive, saying there's something strange going on, what kind of friends are you guys!”

“Then what! Sirone is in this situation, what are you asking me to do!”

“So think about it!”

Iruki shouted with an excited expression that was not usually seen.

“If you think you are alive, do you think the dead will come to life? If you're in the mood to talk nonsense like that, think of a way to bring the dead back to life!”

Amy, who bit her lip looking for something to say, finally realized it and bowed her head sullenly. Iruki was right. Sirone was mathematically dead. 

Nade said with a sad expression.

“I know what you mean. But, Iruki, how do you live? Like a way to bring the dead back to life... … There can be no way.”

“Hmph, that’s your limit.”

Iruki closed the door until there was a bang and went outside. Silence fell in the infirmary. Nade was relieved as Amy sat in her chair and covered her face.

"Seniors. Don't hate me too much. Iruki is also doing that because he is frustrated.”

"it's okay. I don't want to worry about a child like that. To think of a way to raise the dead? Why don't you know that's a bigger wound?"

Nade couldn't answer that either. It may be an act like Iruki, but it was also true that I felt sorry for such a friend today.

After leaving the infirmary, Iruki frowned as he walked down the hallway. The two people I most wanted to see were waiting. Kanis was leaning her back against the wall, and Arin seemed uneasy to find where to put her gaze.

As the person who led this situation, we have to strictly monitor it, but the problem was that the current situation was not relaxed enough to pay attention to them.

Of course, it was the same that Iruki didn't have any composure. Had he decided to run away anyway, he would have run away right away. Even so, he couldn't escape the eyes of the Magic Association.

“Did you come to salt people? Or are you going to apologize now?”

Canis bounced on her back and fell off the wall.

“It’s both. I came to do salting and also to apologize. It's okay to die in battle, but it's embarrassing that Sirone sacrificed herself for something meaningless. But I think you got the timing wrong.”

He must have heard the sound of fighting with Amy outside. Iruki scratched his head annoyedly at the thought that he had shown a bad appearance and said.

“Good idea. If you go in now, you won't see anything good. The girl in the infirmary will start by breaking your leg. Try your best anyway. I go.”

Kanis followed Iruki, who passed by, with her gaze.

“It doesn't matter. Getting the timing wrong means that the opportunity is gone. How can I apologize to someone who is already dead?”

Iruki, who stopped walking, looked back at Canis and widened her eyes terribly.

"what?"

“I totally agree with your opinion. dead is dead Seeing him making a fuss with the corpse lying down made me want to apologize.”

Iruki thought for a moment, then burst out laughing.

“You speak well on the subject of dying and coming back to life. who's idea is that? you? Or a shadow?”

“… … Do you want to play here?”

“Sirone is, from my point of view, a pretty annoying friend.”

When Iruki brought up a sudden story, Kanis's forehead crumpled.

“Actually, I am a very strange and bad guy. So I decided to limit myself. In other words, Sirone is like my lock.”

"joy. What a weak idea.”

"is it? Well, if it wasn't for Sirone, I don't know if I would have thought of this. Anyway, there is no such sirone now. So I want you to be careful with your words from now on.”

Feeling something from Iruki, Arin took a step back.

“Because I am different from Sirone. You can do anything crazy if you put your mind to it. So you’d better pray that Sirone will surely come alive and dry me.”

Iruki's eyes began to shine as he glared at Canis. Sparks from her cerebrum shone through her eyeballs.

“If Sirone ends like this, I will kill you first, no matter what.”

As Canis' mental channel opened, Harvest's brainwaves came through.

-Kanis, it's a warning level. Caught in targeting

-know. You already knew what a Servant was.

- It's not like that. The calculation speed is incredibly fast. Calculated by the movement of the Spirit Zone, it is estimated to be more than 10,000 times faster than our mental channels.

Canis couldn't believe it. The exchange of opinions with Harvest is faster than the speed of thought. 10,000 times faster there was a speed that could not even be imagined by human common sense.

-What level is that?

-This is the amount of information enough to analyze all events that occur in the city for 3 seconds. You need a special strategy to deal with them. But we are criminals. Causing an accident here has the potential to put things at a disadvantage.

Canis didn't want to back down. This stubbornness was the reason he was selected as Arcane's disciple, but the timing was not good. Arin intervened while Harvest desperately tried to stop him.

“But doesn’t that mean you also think Sirone isn’t dead?”

Iruki's Spirit Zone disappeared. Arin, who was watching her live through menarche, felt that her breath was now free. Iruki took control of his heart. He must be cool than anyone else. It was enough for the idiots in the infirmary to get swept away by emotions.

“Sirone is dead. If you don't admit the facts, there will be no solution. I'm just thinking rationally.”

"no. You believe Sirone is alive. Maybe more than the two people in that room.”

Iruki made an impression. The Servant had the strongest ability to calculate the causal rate of an event. There was no room for illogical sensibility to intervene. 

“What are you talking about knowing about me?”

“I have the ability called menarche. We perceive everything as if we are seeing it for the first time. So I can't remember the shape of things. It looks different every time.”

"so? What do you mean by that?”

“I can see your emotions in my eyes. In a completely different form from what other people see.”

“I am fine. dead is dead There is no room for emotion.”

"no. different."

Arin shook his head. 

“Because you are crying with a very sad expression right now.”

Iruki couldn't answer. 

As Arin said, a hundred words were useless in front of menarche.

That night.

The door to the infirmary opened slowly. 

Amy was lying on the cot, exhausted from crying, and Nade was napping in a chair in the corner.

Iruki approached Sirone. Sleeping and dying feel different. Seeing Sirone's cold face made me feel like I was going to collapse.

In the morning, teachers will come to check on Sirone. To hold a funeral, embalming would be done first, but then it had to be seen that there was no way to save Sirone anymore.

Iruki managed to control his emotions and took out the scalpel hidden in his arms.

'I will definitely save you.'

I looked at Amy and Nade, but there was no sign of getting up. She's been there for 2 days already and she's been extremely stressed so no wonder. Only then did Iruki use a scalpel. 

The blade reflected in the moonlight cut through Sirone's skin.

---------------------------------------