[353] Prosecutor's Faith (5)

Everyone's eyes turned to the void. The black sword rotated while blocking the sun, and it slammed into the back of Rai more than halfway.

Rai didn't look back. His gaze was directed straight at Ryan.

Lian, frozen in the position of aiming the greatsword, could not even move a single finger. Horrible pain was pouring in from the aftermath of the divine transcendence.

In the lengthy silence, Rai tutted, clicked his tongue, and turned around.

"lost. Let's stop."

Ryan's eyes widened in shock. It was Rai's declaration of defeat for the first time in 18 years.

However, Rai did not show any emotion and drew the black sword and put it in the scabbard. Then he walked over to Klump and bowed his head.

“I lost. I concede defeat.”

“Cheuk, you’ve dried up on the face. Still, it was nice that it was hot unlike you.”

Rai licked his lips and murmured.

“This is why you shouldn’t hang out with fools.”

“Are you okay though? Aren’t you cool inside?”

After thinking for a moment, Rai passed by Klump and muttered quietly.

“… … You seem to have become a bit like a prosecutor.”

Rayna quickly followed Rai.

“Wait, you come this way. Are your hands okay? You said you have to be dispatched tomorrow?”

"not a big deal. I just lost my sword because I got a mouse.”

“This is to fool someone. Do prosecutors get rattled so easily? Give me your hand.”

Holding Rai's wrist, Reina looked at her hand. Just by looking at his calluses, now no different from his skin, he could tell that he had not come to this position just with his talent.

"also. I knew it."

Looking at the back of her hand, Reina's eyebrows twisted.

The left hand serves as a shock absorber when gripping the sword. However, the nails of the index, middle, and ring fingers were all missing.

“Don’t make a fuss. Nails usually fall off easily.”

“It’s the first time I’ve heard of such a thing! Ugh, I can't even cut a steak with this. Come on. At least put pressure on it.”

Reina took out a bandage from the first-aid kit in the gymnasium. Then, he tightly wrapped Lai's index, middle, and ring fingers and pressed them firmly.

As the tension eased, even those who were watching felt tired. However, Kuan was still looking at Lian with serious eyes.

'Divine Transcendence... … .'

Lian's swordsmanship in the actual battle was definitely amazing. Also, it was a performance that could never be shown at a swordsmanship school that evaluates each stage.

'But if it were me, I would have bypassed it.'

Divine transcendence is dangerous. It wasn't just about increasing power.

The movement that bit the rye at the end had a bizarre corner that was difficult to create even with external gravity. Even so, Lai responded to Lian's steel sword with a steel sword.

Is it self-esteem? Or because you have no experience? If not, what other variable did he not read that remained on the battlefield?

“A swordsman is a swordsman.”

“General.”

Before I knew it, Clump was standing behind me.

“But the sword is, after all, a tool for murder. It's a truth that cannot be ignored. Why are we still pursuing the sword?”

Kuan couldn't answer.

“You can never change the world with one sword. But the sword I have in my heart is different. An excellent swordsman wins a war, but a knight with conviction changes the world. Rai was burned by Lian's conviction.”

“The sword in my heart… … .”

“Perhaps divine transcendence is the materialization of belief.”

Quan recalled an incident from long ago.

A picture of himself before his Achilles tendon fell off. His spirit, which had been strong enough to reject even Fengzhang's offer and choose to die, was now vague like a delusion.

“I have been there, too.”

Clump looked at Quan with benevolent eyes. He was a regrettable junior as a soldier and as a prosecutor.

“How long are you going to wander? come back to the army This time, my direct adjutant is discharged. I think it will be of great help if you take care of it?”

“Let me think about it. Thank you for caring me."

Quan was sincere, but had no intention of returning to the army.

I realized it clearly with today's match. It's already a broken sword. Without having a new sword, he could never reach divine transcendence.

“Grandpa, can I drop out now?”

Lian strode closer. Her face was wet with cold sweat from enduring her pain. Since he proved it with results, not words, Klump had no excuse to stop him.

“Yes, you won. Whether it's dropping out or working as a knight, do whatever you want.”

“So you said that from the start? Fighting needlessly.”

Rai, whose finger was bandaged, said as he changed his clothes.

“Don’t become a corpse anywhere. Because if you die, I'll have to go find you."

Contrary to everyone's expectations, Lian didn't get angry. Since we competed with each other to the best of our ability, I had no intention of looking back at the match in a bad way.

But one question still remained.

“Hey, let me ask you one thing.”

Rai buttoned it up and looked back.

“The technique that exploded the ground, is that an application of swordsmanship?”

"So what?"

“Why didn’t you use the sword blade on me? If it were you, you could have broken the sword and ended the confrontation.”

Rai shook his head with an incomprehensible face. She has a degree of salting, is she making fun of herself now?

However, I couldn't feel the emotion of provocation from Lian's expression.

'Could this bastard be serious?'

Rai looked back at Klump.

"What happened? Didn't you tell Lian?"

“Hey, what are you going to do? I took it away like a stray cat. I haven't even decided on a successor. He said he opened the schema, and that was pure bullshit.”

Rai snorted at the natural lie.

"You didn't mean to give it to me anyway, did you?"

“Ah, even though I don’t really need it.”

“Sheesh!”

Lian interrupted when a story that only he did not know was being exchanged.

“What are you talking about? answer me quickly Why didn't you try the swordsman?"

As if it was annoying, Rai turned around and headed for the exit of the gymnasium.

“Don’t ask me, ask your grandfather. What a mess. The swordsman didn't even know what he was fighting with.”

Raina followed Rai.

“Are you really going to leave today?”

“No, I am going to sleep. I'm tired. Serve the meal to my room.”

At Rai's negligence, Lian raised his ax eye and pointed.

"hey! Where? Why didn't you use the sword? Don't embarrass people and tell me quickly!”

'There must be no medicine for the stupid.'

Ignoring the cry of Lian chasing him from behind, Rai was lost in thought.

In the Ogent family, black hair and blue hair descended at the same time.

Why didn't Grandpa give him a greatsword?

When I was young, I thought I was defending Lian because I had the same blue hair. However, through today's confrontation, it seemed that he could now vaguely understand.

At least the owner of the sword was Lian.

* * *

Sirone and Tess decided to stay the night at Raina's mansion.

The three of them gathered in Lian's room and resolved their six-year-long friendship. The biggest issue was Amy's failing graduation exam.

“By the way, how is Amy? She must have been heartbroken.”

They were the ones who heard the news of Amy's rejection at the Spirit Journal. He was dealing with a shocking article about the genius of the Karmis family who was eliminated at the beginning of the graduation exam.

"huh. I was depressed for a while, but I'm fine now. There will definitely be different results in the exam next year.”

"but. If it's Amy, she'll overcome enough. miss you. It was really fun then.”

Rian also recalled what happened in heaven. Realizing divine transcendence while fighting Ymir was an important turning point in his life.

“Amy is well qualified to be a wizard. Please tell me I'm rooting for you. I will personally visit you for the next graduation exam and give you a lot of energy.”

A year later, Sirone would also take the graduation exam, so Lian couldn't be left out of such a position.

"Envy you. i can't go Swordsmanship school ends later than magic school. Would I rather quit? I will practice with Lian.”

Ryan waved his hand and said.

“What is the point of dropping out of a cadet competing for primacy at a swordsmanship academy? You should graduate with dignity.”

“But to think that you are gone is so empty. I really want to follow you.”

When Tess looked like she was going to cry at any moment, Lian hurriedly looked for something to change the subject. Then she found the sword Sirone had parked beside her desk and asked.

“By the way, Sirone, are you wearing a sword?”

“Oh, I got that as a gift.”

Sirone talked about what happened in Kazura. It was easy to understand the object because Ryan and Tess also experienced going to heaven.

Intrigued by them, Sirone started the demonstration herself.

First of all, he performed a feat with rated control, and then activated Geumgang Armament. As the sword engulfed Sirone, an organic robe encircled him in an instant.

Even the bold Lian couldn't keep his mouth shut at the eerie yet powerful figure. Tess asked, pointing at the float in the air.

“By the way, what is this marble?”

"It's a magic power calculator. Because it replaces the technique of time-division, calculations become much faster. And here, the crystal ball of the gauntlet is a magic amplifying device. By using these two things, you can expand the range of magic operations.”

"I see. It's very interesting. There are objects with such complex functions.”

Armand was a weapon that could tempt any swordsman. But his friends showed no interest beyond interest. For those who embraced the Sword of Faith, no object would be more than a tool.

'It would be nice if Lian could handle Armand.'

Knight training is on a different level from swordsmanship classes.

The world doesn't give Rihanna a systematic level of difficulty. He could take down any number of third-rate gangsters or robbers, but those who stood out among the criminals were skilled enough to have a hard time even in the kingdom.

In that respect, Armand, which augments the user's body functions and has self-defense, would surely be helpful.

However, unlike Dante's case, the demonic sword did not respond to Lian.

Although Armand provides an optimal combat environment for all users, a high level of tactical understanding and complex system control are essential to achieve 100% efficiency.

It was difficult to handle Armand's functions perfectly with Lian's straight and chaotic tendency, and Armand seemed to be aware of that fact.

'No matter how much it is a sword, it really looks like a knife.'

But Lian never dreamed of relying on anything. His confidence skyrocketed after his fight with Lai.

“No need to worry! Because I'm just starting out! Starting today, we will achieve an undefeated record!”

Seeing Rian proudly beating her chest, Sirone smiled heartily.

he was fire One day, it will come back to you as a huge fire that will burn the world.

That night.

Ryan was moaning as he curled up under the covers.

The aftermath of the divine transcendence did not end with the first round. Rather, the time when the most excruciating pain came was at night when the body was recovering its function.

“Huh! Whoops!”

A moan leaked from his throat, but he kept it up by biting on his pillow.

I couldn't let Shirone, who was sleeping next to me, notice the pain. More than anything else, the anxiety that he would never be able to bear it again if he let go of his evil here weighed down on him.

His face was covered with cold sweat and he was out of focus. Still, Lian stared terribly into the darkness of the night and endured her pain.

'thank god. I'm really glad we won.'

If he had lost to Rai in front of Sirone, he would have fallen into abyss and not been able to do anything for a while.

Clearly, Rai was strong. In terms of technical perfection alone, it could be called a genius.

But it was by no means an impassable wall.

'Narrowed down. It's definitely narrowed down.'

You can never expect the same result to come out if you face it again, but there were definitely parts that surpassed him in some areas. As much as he could do for himself.

'you can do it. I didn't choose the wrong path.'

Just the fact that it was not an unreachable distance made Lian feel happy. Even as her body trembled in pain, laughter leaked from her throat.

“Hehehe, hehehehe.”

A night of pain and pleasure was passing by.

---------------------------------------