[624] Magic of Banya (1)

'Four seconds. 3 seconds.'

Sirone slowly stood up.

It was impossible to recover completely, but the eyes were clear and there was no disheveled look.

- Enter the 9th stage of self-denial survival.

The heart of the participants sank when they heard the guide voice of the 2,000th system.

'Step 9.'

I felt overwhelmed just by the numbers.

“From now on, it's on a different level. The average of stats increases by 8.7 times compared to Tier 3.”

It was an unconvincing increase to apply to the test, but in reality, there is no such thing as an intermediate stage between tier 3 and tier 2.

Considering the size of the Colosseum, it was downsized, but among demons, only demon-level creatures are listed in Tier 2.

Powerful beings representing attributes beyond the category of creatures, such as Phoenix, the incarnation of fire, Peroton, who freezes lakes with just his breath, Grim Reaper, the reaper of death, and Sundera, who drives thunderstorms, swept over the Colosseum.

“We came all this way under the leadership of one person. If this is the case, self-denial survival itself becomes meaningless. If not, there could be mass deaths.”

Unlike Sirone, who took step by step, the other participants were like meeting a disaster after staying still.

“You have no choice but to dig into the weakness of the virtual system. Unlike reality, the higher the tier, the simpler the pattern.”

Most of the high-tier creatures live outside the human habitat and have excellent intellectual abilities, so simulation data was insufficient.

“Of course, if you know the pattern, you can avoid dozens of blades.”

It was the fear of intellect overpowering force.

“But thousands of blades are unavoidable. They will take over in no time.”

“… … .”

Thousands of blades, that was the current situation on the battlefield.

oooh oooh!

Every time the three phoenixes vomited fireballs, more than half of the Colosseum was engulfed in flames.

Covered in ironclad scales, the Peloton flew through the sky with huge fins like wings, creating a straight line of ice and raining down thunderbolts at unspecified coordinates called Thunder.

On the ground, a gigantic Grim Reaper, five meters tall, was sitting on a horse and wielding a scythe.

“What are you going to do now? Can we get a second evaluation?”

It was self-denial survival where 15 people were selected based on their skills, but now they were eliminated if they were just unlucky.

'No, die. Even if you die two thousand times.'

The attacks of the 2nd tier creatures were powerful enough to destroy even the wizard's spirit.

'Absolute barrier!'

As Eden's barrier blocked the front, 17 creatures poured intensive fire.

“Big!”

Although the name Absolute Barrier was overshadowed by changing the battery with wide-area defense magic, being able to protect more than 20 participants rather increased her value.

“This will kill my son!”

There was no place to set foot in the Colosseum from the fire of the demons, and the only safe place was inside Eden's shield.

“What are you doing? I sent the school to become a wizard, and they all look like they're going to die!”

Parents know the fierce competition, but the current situation is difficult to understand.

“End here! Let's go second!”

It was as if they were testing who was more fortunate, and if that was the case, it was only natural to make a suggestion to the organizers and move on to the next evaluation.

“The situation has gotten serious.”

Olivia, who heard the parents' complaints, said.

“But there is no cancellation. Because that is the graduation exam.”

Even the headmaster, Alpheas, could not use his hands from now on.

It was a test being held simultaneously in all countries under the Red Line.

“Find a solution! I can't stand it any longer!”

Eden's mental strength has reached its limit.

Phoenix's fireballs gleamed like oil along the surface of the shield, and Peroton remained fixed in the sky, constantly exhaling a breath of ice.

'If the barrier is breached... … .'

Some students come up with their own countermeasures and raise their mental powers.

“Sirone! Dangerous!"

Before putting it into action, Sirone jumped into the center of the Demon Gods, where all the firepower was being concentrated.

“Reckless! You will die!”

Baikal did not want Sirone to die like this.

"what… … !”

However, Sirone passed through the demons without taking any damage.

“What is that?”

The scouts all jumped up to take a closer look.

“Whoa!”

After crossing the Colosseum, Sirone pulled up the sequence ceremony at the end of the Colosseum, and golden light radiated along her body, and she soared into the incarnation of a gigantic light angel.

Key eh eh!

When the 2,000th system picked up the most active target, the Demon Gods turned and charged at once.

“Uh-oh… … !”

Just when everyone intuited the terrible accident, Sirone's time machine created thousands of whirlwinds and distorted the landscape.

'Poetry of fire!'

A ray of light came out of the mayhem mixed with flames, scythes, ice breath, and lightning strikes.

“Huh!”

At the same time, analysts from each country clutched their heads and groaned.

"what's the matter?"

Elizabeth frowned and shouted.

“The clock in the 2,000 system is malfunctioning!”

"hour?"

“I am not properly aware of it. The error rate is approximately plus or minus 1.14 seconds!”

“What does that mean?”

"You're going backwards in time!"

Baikal looked at Sirone only then.

There was no sense of incongruity, but as errors accumulated in the system, the movement of creatures was cut off.

“Incarnation… … ?”

The ability that only the highest level of banya can use was unfolding in the Colosseum of the graduation exam.

“Lady Reina, this question is a bit strange, but… … .”

Vincent asked while staring blankly at Sirone wandering among the demons.

“Is that student over there really my son?”

It was a landscape that Reina had never even imagined.

"well. me too… … I do not know."

“Sirone is right, Father.”

Rian, who was resting on Vincent's shoulder, turned to Sirone with a flushed face and said.

“I can swear by my sword.”

“Now! Attack everyone!”

The contestants, who were once again distracted by Sirone, jumped into battle belatedly.

'Nuclear Fusion!'

After a long calculation, Iruki activated his deadly magic, and an explosion occurred in the center of the Colosseum.

“52,437 kilobusters! The explosive power exceeded 50 Mega Buster!”

It was the first number to appear in the graduation exam.

As if to make up for their trampled pride, their organs were revealed as if they were exploding, and the scouts were busy evaluating, analyzing, and recording at the same time.

'I just need to hold on a little longer!'

The total amount of data generated in the Colosseum was at a level that threatened the performance of the 2,000 times system specially created for graduation exams, but even so, it could not annihilate the demons.

-Enter the 10th stage of self-denial survival.

“Are you going to see it in the end?”

The warning lights flickered as the scouts were thrilled by one of the greatest incidents in Red Line history.

- Allow access to the main system 2,000 times. Activate a first-class security program. Summon Program Dragon, Fire Dragon Inpercus.

The eyes of the audience widened when they heard the emergency announcement.

“Dragon?”

Even in the same Tier 1, it was a top-notch creature that was on a different level from a Richie who belonged to the intermediate level.

Key eh eh eh!

A tearing scream erupted first, and Infercus, a fire dragon with a head that seemed to pierce the ceiling, appeared in the center of the Colosseum.

“What the hell is that?”

Even the participants who took the test with desperate determination were frightened by the dragon's tyrannical appearance.

kurrrrr... … .

As Infercus spewed flames through his clenched teeth, he roared towards the sky, and a cloud of fire covered the ceiling!

"It's a dragon."

Dragons perceive and even rule the world in binary rather than language.

Even the state-of-the-art 2,000th system was nothing more than scrap metal compared to the dragon's brain, and the magic created from its powerful calculations was unlike anything human.

Aaaaaang!

The shape of the flames spewed out toward the ground seemed to stick them out, and only the heat transferred inflicted mental damage.

“Keuuugh!”

If it was the physical realm, the body would have already been burned.

"damage!"

“Where to escape?”

The only safe zone was outside the Colosseum, which meant failing the exam.

'Can't beat this! What are you talking about?'

Even at the last stage, there was no time limit.

'I'm not a complete pervert!'

While avoiding the breath that turned the ground into lava, the contestants cursed the unknown test maker.

It was as if he was saying, 'Do you dare to solve the problem I created?'

“It is true that Mr. Carinter is a pervert.”

Baikal knew who was responsible for designing the self-sufficiency survival assessment.

“But it is definitely a program approved by Red Line. There must be blind spots.”

There is a blind spot, but it was too narrow.

Aaaaa! Aaaaa!

Every time Inpercus spewed a breath, the participants were in a hurry to avoid it.

"damn! go up to the sky! Let's scatter!”

After chasing the contestants, Infercus raised his head and emitted a roaring white noise towards the audience.

“Aaaagh! what!"

The audience, facing the dragon's breath, forgot face and retreated, but the flames extinguished in front of the audience as if a curtain had been drawn.

“Do it! Otherwise, everyone will be eliminated!”

All the participants cast attack magic, thinking that the longer the time, the more disadvantageous it would be, but Inpercus continued to spit out flames according to a set pattern as if no message had been received.

“Analyze the parameters. Was Inpercus' magical power level 360 million magicles?"

Elizabeth opened the 100% parameter.

“Now it is 98.7 percent.”

Even after being attacked by close to 30 wizards, it was only a 1.3 percent reduction.

“Oh, it went up to 98.8 percent.”

Creatures, like participants, recover magic.

“Based on the current figures, the expected clearing time is 197 hours 44 minutes and 15 seconds.”

“… … It will be over next year.”

“The amount of magic recovery set for Inpercus reaches 14% per minute.”

It was faster than Sirone's indifference.

“If the firepower doesn’t momentarily overwhelm the horsepower numbers, the designer will win in the end.”

“What are you going to do by beating the students?”

Annoyed, Baikal frowned.

“Evaluator! excuse me!"

Then Lara pointed to the Colosseum.

Sirone fired lasers, accumulating damage on Inpercus' body.

The breath still terrifyingly swept through the space, but it couldn't burn Sirone, who had activated the Fire Statue Explosion.

“Now! Attack everyone!”

The participants, who already knew the function of the laser, began to cast their own deadly magic.

"parameter."

Elizabeth immediately replied.

“It is declining at a fairly rapid pace. 88.7 percent. 86.4 percent.”

In the minds of the participants, the only thought was that it should end here.

“67.6 percent. 64.2 percent. The expected clearing time has been reduced to 24 minutes and 43 seconds.”

“Awesome. But can we maintain this firepower until then?”

“It must be difficult. In fact, the damage of the laser reaches 40% of the total damage.”

“Kuaaaaa!”

Infercus let out a roar of pain for the first time.

“Yes, Sirone.”

As the woman in the hood crossed her legs and put her arm on the seat next to her, the middle-aged man glanced displeasedly.

“Push away, the world.”

When Sirone's laser disappeared, everyone turned their heads.

“Sirone! what are you doing!"

Even a slight drop in firepower would quickly restore Infercus' mental strength.

'It can't go on like this!'

What he squeezed out with all his might was the 4th-dimensional ataraxia that combined the Sibul statue explosion.

“52 percent! 53 percent! I keep recovering!”

The audience, who had been cheering in unison, let out a pitiful exclamation, and a middle-aged man also got angry with his hips shaking.

"no way! me, no! We must attack quickly! What if I come this far and give up?”

The hooded woman murmured as she looked down at the magic circle of spheres emitting colorful light.

“Ataraxia.”

The middle-aged man frowned and asked.

“Now, what did you say to me?”

The woman continued ignoring her.

“A long time ago, the existence of angels was like a natural disaster to humans. So great and so powerful, all I can do is submit.”

'what? Are you crazy?'

Seeing him muttering to himself, the middle-aged man turned his head away as if looking away.

“In fact, the target the angel had to fight was the dragon that ruled this planet before humans did.”

“… … .”

But, oddly enough, it was a fascinating story.

“From then on, the human gods were divided into two. The god of the distant universe becomes a religion, and the god here is descended as the name of the king who rules over humans.”

“What the hell are you talking about… … .”

When the middle-aged man couldn't stand it and asked, the hooded woman turned her head and asked.

“Do you know what the humans who watched the war of the gods called the magic of the angels?”

“That, well. I'm fine... … .”

Stuttering at the unknown force, the woman turned her head toward the battlefield, raising the corner of her mouth.

“Dragon slayer magic.”

Photon Cannon.

The flashes of light that passed through the 4th-dimensional ataraxia were scattered from the outskirts of the Colosseum in huge numbers and focused on Inpercus.

Aaaaaaang!

“Fall again! 44 percent! 38 percent! 27 percent!”

The spectators watching the run of stars condensing at tremendous speed felt a certain sacredness imprinted in their genes from time immemorial.

'This is the end!'

Sirone glared at Infercus, who was writhing in pain, and raised his arms and clenched his fists.

Vanishing Magic, Quasar.

---------------------------------------