[396] High Ground (5)

“How about my strategy? Did it work?”

The screamer licked his lips.

I thought he wouldn't be a good guy anyway. No, even if he is a good guy, is there anyone in the senior class who believes in others more than himself?

However, assertiveness that is too strong is difficult for others to digest.

"Anyway, it's done. do reverse position? Have you decided to stop playing the game? You shouldn't have said something beforehand.”

“Hehe, sorry. I saved it because it was a conversion card. Anyway, since I let Maya go, now we have an advantage. Actually, I was thinking of making it a disqualification here.”

It was canceled due to Nade's interference.

Eider prides himself on being crazy, but at the time, Nade's face was something that deviated too far from the normal range.

“Eider.”

Eider turned around at Sirone's voice.

"what? Sirone hyung, this is our camp, right? Oh, does it matter according to the rules? Still, it's cowardly to eavesdrop on the plan.”

“… … Why did you do that?”

Eider tilted his head. Then, as if realizing it belatedly, he flipped his fingers and said.

“Oh, who is Maya? Why is that? You didn’t come all the way here to say something frustrating, did you?”

“Ask again. Why did you do that?”

Eider's expression crumpled.

As long as he revealed his true colors, he couldn't find any signs of struggling with his older brothers like before.

“What is the problem? I was just trying to put the guard into a groggy state. You beat Screamer hyung and Nade hyung too. Maya noona is so weak. If it was Amy's sister... … .”

“Don’t get me wrong. I didn't come here to be angry. That's not what I want to ask.”

"is it so?"

Eider clasped his hands together and supported his head.

“I would have made it clear. After the survival test.”

Sirone's eyes froze coldly.

“Don’t touch me.”

“… … .”

Anyone who does tricks is trampled on. obviously said so. In short, Eider was on the killing board of Sirone.

"ha ha ha! Then I'm ah, okay, I won't touch you again next time, should it be like this?”

In the past, he would have pretended to be scared, but now that Fermira has gained the power of a huge organization, there is nothing rough.

“It’s enough to know. I just wanted to check that out.”

Sirone turned and returned to the friendly camp.

Friends came over. With only a minute left until the start of round 6, we had to strategize quickly.

“Sirone, let’s defend this round for now. It will take time for Maya's sanity to recover.”

“No, I will end here. I'll do it, stop the screamer team. If you're the forward alone, they won't come to back you up.”

Maya will not be able to recover during the confrontation. Eider's violence was too great a wound for her, who removed her omniscience and strengthened her omnipotence.

Iruki said.

“Sirone, don’t get excited. I'm annoyed too, but it's important to win first. The ground gets hotter. you know?”

"are you okay. Because it really doesn't matter.”

Sirone smiled only with her eyes, then suddenly turned around with a cold expression on her face. To her fearsome chill, her friends opened the way.

“It was a big deal. That guy is really pissed off.”

If this happens, no one will stop Sirone.

As expected, as soon as the 6th round started, Sirone flew straight to Eider without paying attention to anything.

"Whoa, it's creepy."

The corners of Eider's smiling lips trembled. It was a strange expression mixed with fear and joy.

The one with the strongest mental power in the senior class is flying to trample on him.

“The more I do, the more fun I am.”

When I remembered the misery of not being able to touch even a hair on the person I wanted to kill in front of me, my body already trembled.

Eider evaded between the barrages of the Photon Cannon, adding to Sirone's misery.

"ha ha ha! What to do with this? I don't even fit one. Would it take a lifetime to count the number of hits on Maya-nee?”

Sirone didn't respond and landed in front of the flag.

Wind cutters formed on Eider's hands. The moment he seized the flag, he intended to strike back and put an end to it.

“Ataraxia.”

As a pale light formed 10 meters above the summit and drew a huge circle, exclamations erupted from outside the battlefield. It was a Halo that was twice as big as the one against Dante.

Eider blankly looked up at the halo. Then, realizing something in him, he hurriedly retreated out of the radius.

'shit. After all, he's an annoying guy.'

Indeed, there was such a way. If you spread Ataraxia on a hill, even if you grab the flag, you won't be able to approach it.

'then… … .'

Eider crouched down and calculated the timing to jump out. Once the magic circle was completed, there was no chance.

“30 seconds.”

Sirone said.

“We have 30 seconds left. If you can't stop me inside, you can never defeat me.”

'I know that too, you damn bastard.'

The reason she knew but couldn't do anything was because she had seen the power of Sirone's magic circle with her own eyes.

If you go in to bite and get caught up, you may end up lying in the infirmary for the next round, regardless of whether you win or lose.

'no way… … I won't die though.'

Because it's two thousand times anyway.

A choice that would never be taken in a real game, after going through the filter of virtuality, it turned into a game worth trying.

'Enter!'

The fact that the magician's power drops to less than half in the time-sharing state also contributed to Eider's decision.

Obviously it should have been.

However, when the photon cannon brushed through my eardrums, I couldn't help it.

'damn! Can't I?'

In terms of single combat power, Sirone is expected to be in the top class even in the senior class.

Even in a time-sharing state, the power of one shot was not at a level that Eider could handle.

'No, it doesn't fit anyway. You can never hit me.'

The price paid for Fermi's deal was certainly great.

With the Ghost Movement, it seemed that he could graduate even without the help of Fermi's gang.

"what? Shirone in the world is not a big deal, is it? I was sucking Kamaya's finger until she was beaten so badly.”

Sirone fired a photon cannon at full speed.

However, the Ghost Movement undoubtedly pushed Eider's body to the side to escape the flash.

"ha ha ha! No matter what you do! So from the beginning... … !”

Puck at that moment! And a strong shock was transmitted to the back of the head.

'what… … ?'

One of Eider's legs staggered.

AT algorithm is broken. That fact was more frightening than the pain of Anti-Magic.

When I raised my head in disbelief, Sirone's face was blurry. It was a much stronger shock than expected.

'I got hit.'

But how?

The AT algorithm responds to any object that causes air resistance. Whether it came flying from behind or rising from the ground, it should have reacted to be normal.

“That… … what?"

When the focus returned, the photon cannons floating around Sirone came into view.

It wasn't particularly loud or clear. There was only an eerie red dot in the center of the light.

“Laser Guidance Algorithms.”

Dorothy murmured.

It is an advanced battery comparable to the AT algorithm. This is because the omnipotence of the laser itself is the highest level.

'That's why I made sirone... … .'

Dorothy's manipulatives are also equipped with functions similar to the AT algorithm. However, the laser-guided algorithm was the natural enemy of autoreflection.

“Damn it! shit! shit!"

Eider flew around the highlands avoiding the Homing Photon Cannon. But he couldn't escape no matter where he ran.

I wanted to peel off the red dotted skin.

It was none other than magic with the power of approaching 8,000 presses per piece.

'damn! Where the hell is this kind of magic!'

The flight trajectory of the homing photon cannon that intercepted the 7th-level drone is about to catch up with the movement of a front-line professional wizard.

With Eider's skills, he couldn't escape from the magic of the laser guidance algorithm, and was eventually bitten.

“Keugh!”

Right before colliding with the homing photon cannon, Eider's body swayed from side to side and flashes passed by.

After a moment of relief, real fear came.

Eight photons were slithering endlessly over the AT algorithm like a hyena hovering around its prey.

“Huh? uh huh?”

As his body shook against his will, he vomited. But more than that, the fear of the shock to come was worse.

“Aaaaaaa!”

The Homing Photon Cannon, which wrapped around Eider's waist like a snake, hit the back of his head.

“Keugh!”

If it wasn't for the durability that passed the 4th stage of survival, it was already enough power to lose consciousness.

Eider, who had fallen to the ground, raised his head. His emotions were on full display, and he was wearing a demonic expression.

“Something like this… … !”

Puff pup pup pup pup!

Eider's voice was drowned out by the sound of impact that came from the air.

The Homing Photon Cannon has no mercy. The heartless light just bombarded where the laser was guiding.

“Quaaaaaaaa!”

Eider clutched his head and suffered. Hundreds of awls seemed to dig through his brain.

Realizing that he could not win at this rate, he hurriedly knelt when he saw Sirone approaching.

“Well, I was wrong! brother!"

Sirone's steps stopped.

“I was wrong! I won't do that anymore. Pull the flag and be done. please!"

“What did you do wrong?”

“You hit Maya. I'm sorry that she hid her true feelings and pretended not to. I'm such a guy I can't help it. But I won't do that again. I will also apologize to my sister.”

Wizards are acutely aware of the impact their actions have on the outside world. That's why they don't show their anger. Except when even the act converges to the best result.

“… … Be sure to apologize to Maya.”

Sirone passed Eider as it was.

'Ah, Sirone hyung. My brother is really... … .'

Eider's eyes shook as he looked back at Sirone.

If only I could land a proper blow to the back of the head. If only I could look at Sirone's eyes as she collapsed and bleed and beat me.

how exciting would that be?

A shudder to the point that your consciousness will fly away just by imagining it.

Foretold pleasure led him to the Spirit Zone. As the AT algorithm was installed, Ghost Movement magic began to surround it.

'can do. I can't even counterattack at this distance!'

Sirone looked up at the sky. Hot anger burned in his head, but even that was quickly frozen.

the sky is cold

100% concentration sharpened the spirit zone, and omnipotence and omnipotence created a powerful harmony.

It suppresses even the slightest bit of anger and adds to magic power.

That was the magician's wrath.

'Now!'

As Eider widened his eyes and was about to jump out at Sirone, the screamer shouted.

“You fool! stomach! stomach!"

Eider's face went blank as he held his head upright.

Ataraxia was completed before I knew it. And higher than that, the homing photon cannon's laser was aimed at the forehead.

The power and scale are different from those cast on Dante. Synchro rate at the time was 50%, but now it was 80%.

“Damn it!”

Eider grabbed his head and crouched down.

As the homing photon cannon penetrated Ataraxia, a gigantic flash struck directly from a height of 10 meters.

“Quaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!”

The enormous mass of the waterfall was converted into anti-magic and destroyed Eider's mind. With a bang, the nosebleeds exploded like a cannonball, and bloody tears flowed down.

Deed Deed Deed!

Eider's body began to vibrate at a terrifying speed.

This is because the jungle judgment does not apply to humans, but the action between magic is clearly implemented.

The AT Algorithm, caught in the shock wave, began to move Eider, exerting its original function.

But the problem is... … It was that there was nowhere to escape.

“Khehehe! Khehehe!”

Eider, caught in the huge flash, bounced at great speed. It was as if someone had grabbed him by the spine and shook him at will.

Crunchy! Awesome! Everyone was shocked when they heard the sound of body fractures.

The duration of the flash was only 1.6 seconds, but it was enough time until no intact bones were left.

Eider, who was thrown out of the flash, rolled down the hill. There were no pupils in his eyes as he collapsed looking up at the sky.

Sirone turned around and walked towards Eider only after Ataraxia disappeared.

Even when he saw his limbs bent in an absurd way, his eyes were calm.

“Promise to apologize to Maya, be sure to keep it.”

If it was Sirone that was broken, would Eider's actions be acknowledged?

Is it Maya's weakness that isn't sorcery? Is it the evil of Eider who was so wizard-like?

Is this also nothing more than the ruthless competitive system of the senior class?

I didn't have to judge. Sirone will move on, and Eider's senior year journey has ended here.

That was the only thing that mattered to the mage.

The door to the battlefield opened and the medics rushed in.

(end of volume 16)

---------------------------------------