Unsolved Case⑵

Realizing the effect of the crime point, Shirone and the others asked the sky.

“What is the point now?”

-Currently, your crime points are 91P.

said Nade.

“What we ate was 9P. Knowing this will help, but you'll need to collect crime points. If the eating problem is not solved, nothing can be done.”

Eden said.

“First, let's look at the village. If it's a way to go around orbit, it might come back. Let’s do everything we can figure out before clearing the mission.”

Sirone, who wandered the streets and looked around the town, could not make eye contact with passers-by.

'I have to kill, and that's 3 people.'

Dorian was a small town and I was able to gather all the information in just 30 minutes.

Arriving at the entrance of the village again, the group sat under a tree and exchanged opinions.

Eden opened his mouth.

“It looks like a real person.”

said Iruki.

“But not a real person. No, I think I'm missing the point, but the important thing is that they resurrect.”

Nade agreed.

"okay. Do we need to hesitate when the consequences of our actions are reset? If you don't solve the mission, the points will continue to drop. You will go to jail.”

Iruki looked back at Shirone.

“You decide, because we are helping you anyway. Whatever decision you make, I will follow.”

“Melkidoo is probably a world where hidden codes apply. You could call it a kind of simulation.”

The group listened.

“High gear was similar. Even at that time, it was a situation where players were killing each other.”

Sirone shrugged.

“But this time it feels different. You keep killing defenseless civilians.”

said Iruki.

"Because it's a killer's rule. It is definitely a system created with malicious intent.”

Nade came out.

"is it? I'm interested. So it's not like I like killing people in real life or anything like that, but I used to play war games when I was young, right? If you cut it with a wooden stick, you might fall over. Actually, it's a bit real here. But what does it matter? We also fought a world war.”

They were the ones who had experienced the brutal situation to the point of getting tired of it.

“Come on, let’s just do it. I don't have time for this. Or now I'll go grab someone and kill them... …

In the side of the alley Nade pointed to, two girls were giggling.

Nade, who had been watching for a while, quietly lowered his hand and brought his legs together.

Iruki, who looked at me pathetically, said

“If you don’t like killing civilians, how about catching villains? It's a place for murderers, but murderers don't necessarily seek pleasure. There must be timid cowards, mercenaries, and blind madmen who hate the wicked. If their eyes were added to this world, wouldn’t there be a way to play for us?”

“Oh, yes!”

Nade suddenly raised his head.

“Miss Curtis did too. He said he initially racked up points by catching the villains. They said it was less efficient, but now I’m not in a position to say anything about it.”

Sirone seemed embarrassed.

“If a villain harms a person, I will fight to the death. But isn’t it a bit strange to go looking for villains to kill someone?”

Nade asked.

“Hey, if you think about that, how do you clear the mission?”

Eden said.

“I agree with Sirone. We need to distinguish between the intention and the result of an act. What Sirone wants to say is that you shouldn't take this for granted. yes?"

"huh. I know it's best to kill the villain. However, the moment we rationalize, we too become stained by Melkidu's system. Then it won't matter who you kill.”

Like Curtis did.

“What about Seina-san? I need to get it soon. Seina-san is a real human being.”

Sirone confessed her feelings.

"actually… … Liberation is still possible.”

Iruki asked.

“Like Andre’s Labyrinth?”

"huh. By completely opening Immortal Functions, we will reverse the laws of this world. Those who have reached the level of granularity can return to reality. It's not even a criminal act. Then Melkidoo will be absorbed into the real world.”

Eden asked.

“Why can’t I?”

“To come back with Immortal Function unlocked, you have to hold this world in your heart. The system for the murderer, the demons in Mel Kidu, and... …

Sirone's eyes lit up.

“Gyordo.”

It meant that he had to accept again the demon of Yahweh, which he had cut off for mankind.

“No one knows giyorgi as well as I do. Perhaps this is the key strategy for Assassination of Yahweh. planting hemp on me Seina-san will be fine. Because she has no reason for me to liberate this world without her.”

Iruki stood up.

"good. Now that the decision has been made, shall we begin? Let's ask the villagers who the best villain is.”

1 hour later.

"Nonsense! Did you really?”

“That’s right! That's why I shouted! hey! You pooped in your pants!”

“Knock! It's so funny!”

The other three watched from a distance as Nade chatted with the girls.

“I’m really going to turn around.”

I had a conversation with more than 20 people, but they were all kind people, let alone villains.

“So I caught the thief… … Sirone shouted.

"hey! Nade!”

Nade, who came to his senses, waved at the girls and ran to his friends.

he grabbed his head.

“It’s a big deal. I have no desire to kill. Isn't this a very nice town to live in?”

Iruki said

“It is a small community. In a place like this, even the smallest incidents are hard to happen.

The culprit is immediately identified.”

Sirone rested her chin.

“Even so, Mr. Curtis wouldn’t have said anything to break trust in the first place. He said it was inefficient, he didn't say it was impossible. Could it be that the reason I didn’t tell you more is because there are so many inefficient patterns?”

“Maybe. Anyway, close to 200 people are moving individually. Any variable could happen. The problem is, you don't know when.”

Eden said.

“I have to wait and see. Let's change the order and get the weapon first. You can’t do it with your bare hands, can you?”

Even the villain didn't want to strangle him.

“Material.”

Iruki looked back at Shirone.

“How about making it with that ability? I think we can save points. A knife is also possible?”

“Of course it is possible, but… …

Sirone tried to activate the material.

-Insufficient crime points required to commit crimes. The current crime point is 91P.

“There are not enough points. I guess making a crime tool is also a crime.”

“… … I'm annoyed, but I admit it. After all, can I buy it, or can I have no choice but to steal it?”

Nade came out.

"I'll do it. wait here."

Crossing the street looking left and right, he entered the weapon shop across the street.

“You should bring something that is easy to kill.”

After a while, the door opened and Nade came out holding the same knife as the killer's.

Shouts broke out in the store.

“You bastard! You dare steal my things? It's a thief! thief… … !” Nade didn't look back and pushed hard under the door with the sole of his foot to shut it.

bang!

As his friends watched, Nade crossed the street again and threw a knife.

“Did you see the skill of a long sword?”

Iruki snatched the handle of the spinning sword and examined the blade.

“Is it the best?”

“The only short one is this. There were some things that glowed strangely, but they said they lacked points.”

“So how much? What is the point now?” -Currently, your crime points are 76P.

“15P. It's cheap too. If you played normally, you could stab 15 times and kill 3 people. It's a moderate level of difficulty under the title of a murderer.”

Equipped with criminal tools, they entered the alley and waited for a variable to occur.

“This makes me feel like a real criminal.” It wasn't the mood for a joke, and Sirone bit her lip nervously.

'There are plenty of possibilities. But it's really inefficient. If there is no change within a day, I will have to reconsider this strategy.' An hour after that, when the sun calmly set, the bell at the entrance shook.

"attack! It's an attack!”

When Sirone and the others burst out of the alley, three thieves were holding knives.

'This is it.'

The leader of the thieves shouted.

“Today this village is ours! Bring 3 girls and the most expensive drink! Then no one will die.”

A system voice was heard.

- Bandits have joined the village.

“Those bad boys… …

While the residents were pale, Sirone and the others were full of memories.

“Now, let’s go.”

Just as I was about to step out, I heard a voice behind me.

"Wait a minute. We are first.”

Sirone and the others turned around.

He was holding the same knife as the one Nade stole, and there were a total of three people.

'player. Are they also accomplices?'

Judging by the fact that they did not get caught when investigating the village, they were trained in their own way.

The tall man turned to Sirone.

“You guys are players too, right? But we've been waiting for three days already. Even if you're a non-player, you can't kill innocent civilians.”

I got it.

“Of course I know you guys felt the same way. I'm so sorry. We're after the heinous criminal. The madman who murdered 7 women. Can I give in?”

There were three thieves, so only one team was able to clear the mission.

The man lowered his sleeve, revealing a tattoo of a falcon in a circle.

'Hawk Eye.'

He was a civilian investigator operating in the kingdom of Stang.

“You know. Yes, we are an unofficial police force that takes care of matters that the kingdom cannot solve. Coincidentally, the guy I'm chasing right now is a noble with strong prestige.”

He put his hand on Sirone's shoulder.

“Honestly, I didn’t know you guys would find a hidden event so quickly. Information about bandits can only be found at the village chief's house late at night. It took us two full days to find out.”

Meeting Curtis was obviously fortunate, but it was something else that moved Sirone's heart.

'If I had waited three days.' Even knowing the system of this world, he did not choose easy killing and endured.

"yes. We will yield.”

As Sirone stepped back weakly, Ned comforted him with a pat on the back.

“It can't be helped.”

O ah

......flaw.

As if to express their gratitude, the three investigators bowed their heads to Shiro and the others and moved forward.

“Each person takes on one.”

"It's good."

All of them were carrying daggers, and after a brief snowball fight they sprinted off the ground.

"die! Thieves!” At the same time as the investigator rushed in, the bandits bent their upper bodies and grabbed their long swords.

“Quack!”

Six people collided almost at the same time, and immediately three investigators were hit by knives and fell to the ground.

“Aaaaaaa!”

The eyes of the watching party widened.

“You’re so strong!”

Sirone was also surprised.

'Certainly strong. But even the investigators aren't fighting properly. Because of the crime points... …

The leader of the thieves shouted.

“Puhahaha! I'm blowing on things that don't matter!”

“Keugh!”

The police officer who had cut his side backed away, and the leader raised his longsword high.

“Where was your heart?”

“Sheesh! Give it to me!”

Nade grabbed Iruki's dagger and jumped into the battlefield without even stopping.