[473] The birth of human beings (3)

With a fractured left humerus bone, Flew was unable to move easily.

If the Dawkins algorithm is activated in this situation, the broken arm will shake freely, and the pain will lead to loss of combat power.

Not everyone can have self-denial like Gaold.

“Keugh!”

Flew's pride in having to keep his distance whenever Raun approached was hurt.

In particular, the murky emotion of desire reflected in his eyes made her even more displeased.

“Huh, it’s just as I thought.”

Raun clenched his fists.

Ching! Ching!

Again, electricity generated near Piper's spine and gathered in both fists.

No matter what she did, she wouldn't be able to avoid two electric shockwaves.

“You’ve never bowed down to anyone before. I’d rather be broken than lose, I must have trained myself and honed my mind countless times with that determination.”

Flew glared at Raun without answering.

Since Dawkins' algorithm was sealed, the only solution was to keep an eye on his every move.

“I know that that sense of selfishness made you who you are today. But do you know that there are beings from another dimension in the world? I have received eternal life, and I will continue to have this life forever.”

The mechanical sound of Piper's interpreter got on Flew's nerves.

I felt like I could do anything as long as I could crush his jaw.

“What do you want to say?”

“The point is, I don’t hate women like that.”

Raun spread his clenched fists left and right.

“Give me a choice. be my girl You don't have to worry about leaving you. I will cherish you until you die of old age. My way, of course.”

At Raun's approaching gait, Fleur grabbed his injured arm and stepped back.

However, his eyes were as cold as before.

Regret and remorse cannot exist for those who have gained eternal life.

Because they can start over at any time, and they are given eternal time to make up for any mistakes.

“I understand now.”

Flew lifted his upper lip to reveal his fangs.

“You are not a human who lives eternal life.”

“Hmph, mortal jealousy… … .”

“Already dead.”

Raun stopped talking and lowered his eyelids.

“You are already dead. You are lacking what humans need the most.”

"lack of? I? What are you missing?”

"mind."

Flew swung the phoenix with his right arm and assumed a fighting stance.

“You have no heart. Nothing matters because there's nothing to throw. Isn’t it all just a slight stimulation flowing through the wooden body?”

Paper weave!

Electricity rose from Raun's fists.

I finally realized, that mortal madness is unacceptable.

“Kill me. I will teach you what real death is.”

Raun jumped out as soon as he finished speaking.

'Dawkins Algorithm.'

Despite the injury, Flew returned to the Spirit Zone.

Raun's attack was much more violent and tenacious than before, but Flew's movements were no longer rough.

She didn't care if her broken arm swung at will, even if her spine was broken.

Because what matters to her is the present moment, not her future life.

That's why you can risk everything and fight.

Raun's attack, assimilated into the machine, was still exquisite, but Flew risked his life and charged.

Gradually, as time passed, Raun's face hardened.

No matter how much he attacked, Fleur's momentum grew bigger and his life was in danger.

height of determination. The moment Raun crossed the threshold, he finally realized.

that you might die.

"this… … this… … !”

A feeling he never wanted to admit crept into Raun's heart.

fear. and a sense of defeat.

None of it was too much for him.

“Aaaaaaa!”

As he vomited all the electricity from his fists onto the floor, powerful power spread in all directions.

Fleur threw herself away as if it didn't matter, and the clothes of Shinmin, who were weak against the heat, burned, revealing his bare skin.

'Oh really… … ! Again?'

Flew gritted his teeth.

The first-degree burns made the skin red, but worse than that was the electric current that shook the muscles.

'Aww!'

Even in a situation where the body did not listen, she cast magic only with her mental power to approach Raun, and finally swung the phoenix.

'Phoenix Strike!'

Kiooooo!

As the phoenix burst out, burning like lava, Raun raised his arms in terror.

My head went pale, and I didn't even know how to react.

Raun's eyes widened as the tremendous flames soared.

Death is more fearful than pain.

The fear that his life, which he had lived for a whopping 1,000 years and thought he would have incomparably more lives left in the future, would end at this moment was more terrifying than anything else in the world.

“Ah, no!”

Laun screamed.

The screams he let out were the most devastating death sentences a human being could ever utter.

Flew looked at Raun with calm, sunken eyes, as if there was no room for sympathy.

are riding

The flesh was burning, and all that was left was the metallic piper skeleton.

Eventually, it is transformed into other substances and absorbed by other life forms.

that was life

Tuduk. Took.

Flew looked at Raun's charred corpse and turned away.

However, Raun's wounds were fatal, and he collapsed in his seat as soon as he left the building naked.

"ha… … .”

Eternals are strong, but they have weaknesses. And if he was Sirone, he should have been able to see through that weakness.

'I can't. I have no choice but to wait until they come to help.'

Flew looked down at his burnt thighs and pouted his lower lip.

They said it couldn't be helped because it was during a battle, but as a senior, his face wasn't so bad.

* * *

“Hey!”

Dana backed away with a frightened expression.

Her heart shrank as much as she could clearly see the sharp blades of the tentacles aiming for her neck.

Die.

Her life, which was guaranteed an eternal future, ended in vain here.

Sirone was no longer intimidated.

Even the most masters of incarnation had infinitely more to lose in death than mortals.

So you can rush.

Murka and Dana only retreated repeatedly as the photon cannon spread in all directions.

The fear of death overtook them even stronger, and finally a scream came out of Kergo's best warrior, Murka.

“Aaaaaaa!”

Sirone gathered momentum and activated Akamai.

Feeling the antithesis, Murka couldn't lift a finger.

The strong figure that overcame the power that restrained even the fallen angels with divine transcendence had already disappeared.

Since incarnation is all that human beings are, it was only natural that the already broken spirit could not release the binding power of the antithesis.

“Sah, save me! please!"

Murka, unable to even turn his head, shouted into the empty air.

The frightened eyes loosened like a thick liquid, and the focus disappeared as if the black and the white were mixed.

Sirone jumped in without hesitation and brandished her tentacle, and the sharp iron passed through his throat.

“Live… … !”

blank. empty.

As his neck fell, he rolled across the floor and reached in front of Dana.

“Hee!”

saw death

Dana lost the will to fight any longer and sat down.

Meanwhile, Armand was recovering Sirone's health by eating Murka's body.

completely sucked in

A fact that was extremely natural for living things became a fact that Dana could never accept and hit her brain hard.

A long time ago, there was a time when she, too, stood on the spiral of eating and being eaten.

It is only that this time it is placed in the position of being eaten rather than being a predator.

"Help me… … .”

As Sirone approached, Dana ejaculated in a trembling voice.

Then, seeing Sirone's cold eyes, he hurriedly knelt down and begged for both hands.

“Please, save my life. I'll do whatever you ask me to do. If it crawls on the floor, I will crawl, if it passes between my legs, I will pass.”

Sirone's expression was still unchanged.

However, following his emotions, the four tentacles soared high into the sky.

How many mortals did he kill for fun just because he gained immortality?

I was furious with him, and I had no intention of stopping.

“I don't want to die. Help me. I will beg you like this.”

Dana, who had lived for a thousand years, cried and rubbed her palms like a newborn baby.

Death will come as the same shock to any creature, but the desire for life will be incomparably greater because it is a person who has escaped the chain of life.

Sirone's tentacles soared into the air and landed on Dana like hooks.

"Kyaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah

A shrieking sound was heard, and the blades of the tentacles pierced her left and right into the floor, two at a time.

“Knowing how precious your life is… … .”

Sirone bit his lip and said.

"Why do you care about other people's lives?"

“Ugh, uh uh.”

Dana was already insane.

Her completely broken will was applied to the incarnation.

Unlike Sirone, who reached her goal after overcoming death, she was a self-precarious self like glass because it was only an incarnation technique she acquired while gradually realizing herself through eternal life.

"sorry. Save me, master. I will only follow the Master for the rest of my life.”

As the incarnation was destroyed, even his self-esteem collapsed.

It has fallen to the most servile level that human beings can reach.

Sirone then withdrew her tentacles and spoke.

"wake up."

There is no subjective standard when it comes to saving and killing people.

However, I believed there was no objective criterion.

Because human life cannot be set standards from the beginning.

So, the reason Sirone saved Dana was just the result of a rational mindset that she still needed her.

"wake up. Because I need to find a senior.”

“Yes, I will find it, Master. Just leave it to me.”

Sirone led Dana out of the building.

The Eternals we faced this time were definitely different in quality from other hunting units, and it was easy to figure out where Flew was fighting just by looking at the size of the destroyed buildings.

"Seniors!"

Sirone saw Fleur leaning against the wall of the building and ran to it.

A reddish heat flower bloomed on the exposed body.

But more serious than that was a broken arm.

"are you okay? How did this happen to you?”

Sirone inspected Raun's corpse inside the building.

Perhaps it was an eternal life no different from the enemies he faced.

Armand struggled in the beginning, so I could only think of defeating him as Fleur's self-denial.

Flew stood up, as if he didn't want to appear weak.

“I won’t die like this. What is that woman anyway?”

Sirone turned to Dana and asked.

“Can you heal your wounds?”

Dana smiled and shook her head.

“There is no magic to cure. I'm sorry, master.”

"master?"

One corner of Flew's eye went up.

It was too long to explain, so Sirone said with reluctance.

“I’d better get some clothes first.”

A long sigh escaped from Fleur.

“Lord, master!”

Then Dana looked back and shouted.

At the same time, an unknown force completely oppressed the three of them.

“Keugh! This… … .”

It wasn't Nor's ability.

Looking ahead with a puzzled expression, a group of fairies appeared over the wall.

Mirka, the awe-inspiring fairy who belongs to the 2nd class among the 72 fairies, was looking down at them with an arrogant expression.

Just by looking at her gorgeous makeup and huge wings, she could tell that this was not an ordinary position, but that wasn't what was important to Sirone right now.

“Peope?”

Peope, who was following Mirka, lowered her head with a sad expression.

---------------------------------------