[311] Causal Wheel (3)

“I knew it would be like this.”

As the woman raised her head to escape, Xenoger mercilessly slammed the back of her head into the wall.

With a series of dull sounds, all the porcelain skin covering the face fell off.

It was the face of an ugly man. No, the sexes could not be distinguished by appearance.

There were no eyebrows and no eyelids. Only the eyeball stuck in the eye socket moved left and right.

“Hehe, is this a face specialized in disguise? You are as hideous as I am.”

The mysterious assassin raised his voice for the first time.

“Oh, you will see it for the first time. I've been looking at your ugly face until I'm sick of it.”

Xenoger's expression crumpled.

It was the line he had given to Arius the other day. If it's psychological warfare, you shouldn't be shaken.

But a thought popped into my head. The children of Theraze are always accompanied by one bodyguard. But he had never seen Uorin's bodyguard before.

“No, it can't be. Didn't catch my senses? Where were you hiding?”

The assassin changed his voice again.

"What are you talking about? I was always behind you.”

Xenogur's face went pale.

I knew for sure who the owner of this voice was. It was an unknown official who was ordered by Zeon to deliver orders.

'Damn it! That's how it happened!'

Specialized in disguise, unique footwork, lines spoken to Arius.

Considering all the circumstances, it was clear that the assassin was sent by Wu-Lin.

'Let's stay calm. Anyway, his combat power is lower than mine. I can't fall for psychological warfare.'

Xenoger used his six hands to subdue the area where the opponent's power was amplified. There was no way for the poor assassin who burned his muscles with fire to disguise himself.

“From now on, answer my questions. If you tell a lie, I'll tear you limb from limb. Does Uorin know where the Spatur clan is hiding?”

“… … Know."

"okay? tell me where answer quickly! There's no way you, the direct escort, wouldn't know!”

“Mountains of waves. Valley of Jinmyeong.”

Xenoger felt like his body was about to collapse.

The fact that Uorin knows the hiding place means that the subjugation party has already been sent. By tomorrow morning, the Spartur clan will be gone from history.

“Give up. Even if you run away from here, there is no place to take you.”

"eww… … Aaaaaa! shut up!"

Xenoger did not give up.

If the clan was exterminated, they had to survive even more. If it ended like this, where would the value of a clan that had given up being human for a thousand years be found?

"die! Damn you son of a bitch!”

Xenoger raised his left middle arm and cupped his hand into a pointed point. Then, like his spear, it pierced the assassin's stomach and grabbed his heart.

The assassin's body flinched as his heart exploded. The shocked eyes widened greatly.

* * *

Clink!

One of El Crouch's porcelain dolls lined up on the shelf was broken. The body tumbled down the ledge, making a secondary burst.

Uorin, who was sitting at the table, blinked slowly, like someone who hadn't heard. She then walked over to the storage closet and pulled out a strong drink.

Returning to the table with her crystal glass half filled, she sat down on a chair, crossed her legs, and thought while shaking her white calves.

“Hmm… … .”

The porcelain doll is broken.

That meant that another life was gone.

The crystal glass gently parted her cherry lips. A clear liquid trickled down and moistened her tongue before coming out again.

“What a boring night.”

* * *

Xenogur glared at the assassin with terrifying eyes.

I've killed countless people so far, but this time, it was the first time an incident was out of the realm of understanding. He stabbed his stomach and burst his heart. I can still feel my heart cooling in his hands. But why... … .

“Aren’t you going to die?”

“Dead, once.”

At some point between understanding and insight, Xenogur accepted the assassin's words.

At first glance, curiosity crossed my mind, but it was a fleeting thought. Because there is nothing a person leaving this world needs to know.

“You were an Assassin.”

“It doesn’t kill people.”

The assassin swung the only free left hand. There was a flash of light, and Xenoger's head flew off.

“Circumstances kill.”

Watching Xenoger's head bouncing on the floor, the assassin pulled out Xenoger's arm stuck in his chest. Xenoger's body, which fell to the ground, went wild, and a fountain of blood spurted from the cut end of his neck.

The assassin had no feelings. Even if he had any feelings, his face would not be able to express anything.

Dollmaker El Crouch.

Very few people knew that he, who was active 200 years ago, was obsessed with black magic.

At a time when he was receiving public attention for his technology called non-joint joint dolls, a woman came to him.

Surprisingly, the visitor was Theraje who rules the continent.

The two talked a lot, and the day after Theraze left, Crouch died. At least officially.

Hundreds of celebrities attended the funeral. But while they were weeping, Crouch was on a small boat going to a country in the East.

Following Theraze's instructions, they arrived at the puppeteer's family. Originally well versed in black magic, he quickly learned the skills of a puppeteer.

How to make a doll feel affection. How to make a perpetual power engine that the devil told me. How to attach organs to the body of the dead, and more.

Crouch learned all the courses and left the Orient.

When he returned home, 180 years had passed. However, he had already transformed his body into a doll and could not die even if he wanted to.

First of all, he collected his works that he made a long time ago. This is because only dolls made with the puppeteer's soul can disperse life.

However, most of the works were sold and only a few pieces could be collected.

At that point, Theraze gave the first instruction. He wanted to take care of his daughter, Wu Lin.

Uorin liked Crouch, and from then on began collecting El Crouch's porcelain dolls.

“Uorin-nim, this is me.”

Crouch knocked on Urin's door.

It's useless for an assassin who can infiltrate anywhere, but it would be appropriate to greet them formally today.

"come in."

Crouch slowly opened the door and entered.

I saw Uorin sipping a drink with her arm resting on the back of the chair. As if he was getting drunk, he welcomed him with a bewitching smile that he hadn't seen before.

"So, what's going on, are you all coming to my room?"

Crouch laughed happily. However, he couldn't convey the meaning that he was a funny joke because he didn't have the muscles to show his expression.

“Spathur's dog has been removed, Princess Uorin. no… … .”

Crouch, not content with lowering his head, knelt down and fell to the ground.

“Empress Theraze.”

Wu Lin smiled and looked out the window. It was still dark for her son-in-law, but she showed signs of dawn.

“You are quick-witted.”

Crouch shook his head and confessed honestly.

“To be honest, I didn’t know until yesterday. I realized when I saw that the wind was coming. To think that even me, who is by my side 24 hours a day, is deceiving me. When did you wake up?"

“Two years ago.”

Crouch stuck out his tongue.

As a puppet master, he knows every detail about human expressions. It was astonishing that he, who could not miss even the slightest movement of his facial muscles, had not known that Uorin had awakened for two years.

'but… … You are the one who has passed through eons of time.'

Theraze is 'mitochondrial Eve'.

Mitochondria are passed on to offspring only from the mother. Therefore, if you follow the genealogy, you can meet the ancestor of all mankind, and that was Mitochondrial Eve.

A long time ago, a woman's mitochondria suffered a strange mutation. It was an absolute genetic ability to transmit 100 percent of her own memories to her offspring.

Theraje's daughter fully awakens the memories of her ancestors after she is ten years old. When her mother gives birth to children, her children become mothers again.

This was the same as a single human being living eternal life only by borrowing the means of reproduction.

She must have existed before taking the name Theraze. Maybe she was just a primate back in the day. So she doesn't know when it happened.

However, the history from the time of occurrence remained in her head. From the beginning of mankind until now.

That's why she was the only human left with Mackline Guffin's déjà vu.

Theraje has known for a long time. The fact that he will eventually become extinct just because of his ability to clone himself.

You may catch a contagious disease, be drawn into a war, or be swept away by a natural disaster.

She worked hard to enhance the object's efficiency. She, and she, after four thousand years of her breeding experiments, figured out how to selectively insert her father's genes into the lens.

Since then, Theraze has become superior in every way.

She became more beautiful by inheriting the characteristics of a superior male in appearance, and acquired a strong will by inheriting the blood of the absolute.

The resourceful ability of a wealthy merchant, the physical ability of a great swordsman, the intellectual ability of an archmage, etc., all the traits that help rule the world were received into the body and passed on to the next generation, and the memory is awakened to repeat the same thing endlessly. did.

In the process of repeating itself like that, Theraj became stronger.

Since these characteristics were not expressed in her son, she built the country directly with the body of a woman. And now, he reigns over the world as the emperor of Kashan and one of the Three Emperors.

“Long time no see, Crouch. The well-groomed handsome man's face has been greatly ruined.”

Crouch bowed his head respectfully, realizing that it was not the 14-year-old Uorin, but Theraze's horse that came to him 200 years ago.

“I gained immortality with the help of the Empress. To a puppeteer, a face is just a wrapping paper. My pride is an organ that makes up my body.”

“Huh, it’s like you. but… … It was like that the day we first met.”

Uorin might remember everything, but Crouch was vague.

Unable to answer, he asked a question to break the awkward silence.

“The wind came. If it were the queen, she would have expected and called. Did you know Sirone would survive?”

Wu Lin went to the window and drew back the curtains. The garden overlooking the apartment was still sleeping quietly.

“Politics is not about giving one and getting one. It is to make a proposal that the opponent has no choice but to win no matter which one they choose. It would be nice if Sirone lived, but it wouldn't have been a bad result if she died.”

"okay."

“However, I can say this. He deserved to survive.”

“I know you tested it several times.”

Uorin looked up at the ceiling and recalled that time.

“At first I tried my luck. When I passed the <daily gift>, I won an excessive gift. I thought maybe it could be.”

Crouch tilted his head, as if he couldn't understand.

“Did you know that my work will arrive as a gift?”

Uorin nodded.

“The world is like a marble machine. Blue and red events are mixed in the machine. People watching from the outside can't tell what pattern the marbles will come out of. that's what humans are Just go in front of the machine and spin it without knowing what will come out. Crouch, do you think there is such a thing as luck?”

“Good luck. well. Looking back, I feel lucky.”

Urin smiled and continued the story.

“There is no such thing as luck. There's no such thing as bad luck In the box, it is already decided which marbles will appear in what order. It's only because humans can't look into the box that they feel lucky or unhappy about it. For some, only blue marbles may continue to appear. Then, for some people, only red marbles came out. Of course, there will be a lot more people who alternate between blue and red. And all of that is human life, life.”

---------------------------------------