[190] 5. Norr's Shelter (5)

Sirone threw the elixir at the merchant with the drone.

The merchant's body trembled as he received it with both hands. He was so thrilled that he couldn't even hold it properly.

It was neither red, nor green, nor yellow, but a white elixir.

Sirone flipped her palms and said.

“How are you done with this? Now give the thing to Kanya.”

“It is difficult to behave like this. That elixir must also be mine to trade.”

“Then take it from this person.”

The merchant's eyes twitched. He realized that Sirone's behavior was not a mere provocation.

As if to prove it, Sirone asked as she turned to the merchant who was fiddling with the elixir.

“It’s like that, but what are you going to do? Can you back off?”

“Oh no! You can never cancel the deal!”

The merchant was frightened and waved his hand.

Of course, Mecca's drones are highly valued. Only if the item is in usable condition.

The drone he sold was actually an item that was sorted out in the Yellow Elixir line. He handed it over to the White Elixir, so he was Suzy who would never have it again in his life.

“Now, what are you going to do? Are you going to get along with each other and even fight? I guess that's his specialty.”

The pharmacist's face hardened.

It's definitely embarrassing in this case. Bargaining with customers can be shameless, but conflicts between vendors have nothing to gain. It was even more so among the lower-level community merchants who mainly deal with daily necessities.

Only then did the apothecary look closely at Sirone.

Seeing him pressuring me like this, it must be a Norse. It is also not easy being a Norse.

Will you take one and pass it on? Exchanging epines for white elixir is a business that will go down in history.

But it was a matter of mood. He did not want to accept the fact that the will of his subjects was done.

“Okay, I'm not selling. So be content with a toy or something. I know that? You have ruthlessly trampled on this lady's hopes.”

The merchant abandoned Pato. He gave up the money and chose the pleasure of victory.

As a merchant, it was a piece of bread, but as long as he could see his subjects crying, it didn't matter.

Sirone realized he had lost the game.

“No, you have to sell drugs. Otherwise, it would be a breach of contract.”

"what? What contract am I breaking?”

“You said I will sell you medicine if you bring me all the elixirs I have. Kanya did just that. But suddenly canceling the deal is a breach of contract. You know what happens when a merchant loses his trust?”

It's not as far as I know, it's the end. At least it was true that there was no place to stand in the community.

But there was no sense of remorse. It was because it was Sirone who was forcing it.

“Speak straight. When I offered you the contract, you had 2 elixirs. And since I bought the drone right after the contract was signed, I was not in breach.”

“How do you know that, when did I buy the drone?”

The apothecary's eyes shook in shock. He lost his temper, but his long business experience helped him.

The disadvantaged side was himself.

“I was already contracted to buy a drone. It's just that he didn't give out the elixir. To say you're a merchant and trade without checking that much, you're still a long way off. If you have any doubts, you can check it out.”

The apothecary honed his teeth. Things were going by the touch.

The merchant who sold the drone will take Sirone's side under any circumstances. This is because if you prove that you signed a contract with Sirone, the ownership of the White Elixir will pass.

It was uncommon in the mainland. Since he himself took advantage of the oligopoly, he was not in a position to criticize others.

'Why am I at a disadvantage? Shouldn't it be the other way around?'

The yakjaesang, who was trying to recover, realized. Sirone knew that the value of drones was lower than expected.

I don't know how I investigated, but if that doesn't work, the current situation doesn't exist.

The reason why merchants are on Sirone's side is because they've made profits many times over.

Exclamation burst out. It penetrates the human nature of dealing with matter. It was a skill that could be eaten even among the mainland traders.

“How are you, uncle? We signed the contract first, right?”

“Of course we go first. Even before that wife started screaming, the verbal contract to hand over the drone in exchange for the white elixir was over.”

I didn't even ask for it, but Sirone directly confirmed it.

Now I can't seem to get rid of it. If the contract is signed with another merchant, it is the merchant's responsibility for not checking the limit of the customer.

Should I leave like this? One white elixir was also a huge harvest, but it was a matter of pride.

He pulled out the lowest card a merchant could do.

It was a stomach slit.

“My mother was a subject of heaven. But she didn't take Anecdote's drink. Do you know why?”

When no one answered, the apothecary tapped his head and continued.

“You went crazy. His father was killed in heaven. To some madman who had a crush on his mother. But do you know what the punishment was? It's a 40-year lifespan cut. Even so, he had 40 years left to live. My father is dead. Mother cursed that human all her life, gigg. But, it was absurd that Ilhwa’s drinking date was set. With the madman who killed my father.”

Kanya's eyes twitched.

Sirone didn't know what that meant, but everyone except the party couldn't help but be shocked.

“So my mother took her own life. Since the number of targets for the spell decreased, I had to pay for her remaining guilt. So she ran away from the law. Do you understand now? i hate shinmin Just looking at it makes me vomit! But do you think I will sell you drugs?”

In a word, the lid was opened, so let's die together.

Sirone responded with a snort.

People who really decide to kill themselves don't explain why. It's because the process doesn't matter in a situation where you die and I die too.

All he wanted was an emotional victory, and Sirone had no intention of giving it his way.

“So are you going to sell drugs or not?”

“I don’t sell. I won't even vomit the elixir. I've decided, so do as you please."

“Then I have no choice but to take it by force.”

“Anyway. but are you okay? If you use violence, you can't live in the community. You have to wander all your life.”

Sirone held out his hand. As the photons were compressed, the white sphere vibrated.

The drug dealer was frightened. Magic like this was impossible. The only possible ones were people from outside the community who signed a contract with the Light Spirit.

"you… … Are you a borderline?”

“The whirlpool snake was quite strong. Thanks to that, I got three white elixirs.”

Sirone did not show emotion.

And the apothecary knew that wizards become most cruel and heartless when they castrate their emotions.

“What kind of elixir is in your body?”

Everyone knew that the survival of the apothecary would depend on the answer.

The drug dealer had been in conflict for a long time. It was the point of reaching the end of the curtain. Realizing that he couldn't win in the end, he raised his hand with a bitter smile.

"doesn't exist. There is no elixir in my body. So save me.”

Sirone fired a photon cannon. A flash of light passed the tip of the apothecary's nose and crashed into the pillar of the ruins.

A roar erupted, and the column burst.

The drug dealer looked back at Sirone with the smile on his face gone.

"Do not laugh. You may be bluffing, but I'm serious. It doesn't matter if it's the law or the community. If you show meanness one more time, then I will not forgive you.”

"OK got it. Got it. calm down."

The drug dealer realized the seriousness of the situation.

Sirone showed maximum hostility in a non-violent line. As a swordsman, he drew his sword, and as a beast, he exposed his fangs.

Realizing that there was no further concession than this, the apothecary threw the epines at Canya.

“Okay, okay? The contract is over.”

“One more thing left. I apologize to Kanya.”

“Why should I? You don't have the right to interfere with my personal feelings, do you?”

“But you also have a painful past, don’t you?”

“What does that have to do with an apology?”

"It's not like you have to apologize. Because words without sincerity are worthless. But don't you want someone to know too? The wounds of the past.”

Really? I am… … still couldn't get out?

The apothecary looked back at Kanya's face, which was making a pitiful expression. He said that the person waiting for Ilhwa's drink was his mother.

At the time, his mother was insane. Day after day she screamed and harmed herself. The fear she felt had grown even more frightening to him as a child.

“Sheesh, who knows how to apologize?”

The drug dealer snorted and cleaned the stalls. He put the medicine bottle in his bag, rolled up a blanket, and put it on top of his backpack. He got up and threw the purple potion at Kanya.

"It's called Korfin. It's a nervous system strengthening potion. Since you got your portion right, I'll give it to you as a service. If you use it with Epines, it should work. Even so, it would be futile.”

The apothecary, who was walking towards the tent village, turned to Sirone and said.

“And kid, everything I said was made up. It's great that you defeated me, but if you don't notice that much, you'll be beaten badly on the mainland."

Arin delivered the words through the mental channel.

-Sirone, can you confirm that it is false?

-no it's okay.

Sirone stared at the back of the apothecary who was lonely walking away.

Nord's Shelter.

A place where the wanderers of Purgatory rest.

I thought that maybe what they put down here for a while might not be a tired body, but a wound in their heart.

The splendid shopping has come to an end.

Sirone soothed Kanya, who couldn't stop crying. Beside him, Lena puffed out her cheeks and watched.

Amy and the others started the meeting without Sirone.

The items purchased with 3 white elixirs were fire spirits, drones, and epines.

Even if it was the best thing according to the situation, I couldn't help but feel like I was losing money. In particular, Tess couldn't hide her sorry feelings.

“I don’t mean to say that I begged you to buy it, but is it really okay? There must have been something useful in battle. In particular, you bought Epines at a ridiculously high price.”

“What does it matter? You can hunt if need be. You don't have to worry about the past."

“Lian is right. And it's not just financial loss. Sirone managed the Elixir most efficiently, and you just have to be satisfied with that.”

Tess, who was comforted by Amy, cried.

“No matter how efficient it is, what do you do? Things were messed up. I also support Sirone’s choice, but the apothecary could have cut the drone in half if it hadn’t been for some weird tricks.”

Kanis said with a sneer .

“Amy didn’t mean that. Actually, Sirone didn't see any loss. He bought something that couldn't be obtained even if I gave him all the white elixirs.”

"what? Was the fire spirit really that expensive?”

"no. The most expensive was Epines.”

Tess thought Canis, whom she was not friendly with, was joking.

I'm just saying it because it came out, but thinking that I bought something with a white elixir that could have been bought with a red elixir made me wake up in a fit of rage.

Ryan asked as if he couldn't understand.

“Why is Epines the most expensive? It's a common drug.”

“That’s true, but for today, the price was beyond imagination. The most important thing is the owner of the item. Kanya and Lena. In other words, they are citizens of Heaven.”

"ah… … .”

“You understand now? It's not epines. Sirone bought a ticket to heaven with just one white elixir.”

Indeed it is.

Come to think of it, the way to enter heaven was far away. But now, they also have a corner. If you borrow Kanya's power, you can enter heaven.

---------------------------------------