Key keywords (4)

On the other hand, there were those who still did not repent even after being stung by the divine power of Eden.

“Geuuuu, I hate it. I don't want to go back.”

Eden said.

“Foolish soul, why don’t you know that the end of the fall is nothing but nothing?”

“Aaaaaa! Leave me alone!” Should I say pain?

It occurred to me that I would rather die than live as celibate as before.

'Satanism. It's really boring. You can corrupt a person's mind to this point.'

the priests shouted.

“I want to have more fun!”

Even the brain that was soaked in pleasure regained its reason to the extreme at the moment it was cornered.

'I have to kill that woman.'

They suddenly changed their expressions and held out their hands with sorrowful tears in their eyes.

"Ah, I'm sorry, my God." shouted Nade.

“Eden! Don't be fooled! Turn your defenses into physical force!”

She too had doubts, but could not push away the penitents.

“I was foolish. So please die, motherfucker.

An eerie feeling of not being able to distinguish between good and evil coldly touched the nape of Eden's neck.

Nade blocked the way.

"I'll do it!"

Before Eden could dry up, thunder rumbled and huge electricity billowed into the sky.

- These stupid guys!

As the incarnation of the God of Thunder screamed, the pale priests stepped back.

However, the brain, which only craved pleasure, whipped the body beyond the fear of death.

“Aaaaaaa!”

Unlike the priests who rushed into despair, Nade's emotions became cold.

“The Lightning of Truth and Lies.”

The incarnation of the God of Thunder scattered into electrons and permeated the air at the speed of light.

“Keugh!”

The priests stopped walking at the unpleasant feeling of their skin trembling.

Nade held out his hand.

“Those who do not repent, do not approach. If you disobey my instructions, you will be judged.”

The priests examined each other's faces.

When there was no particular change, one of them moved with a desperate look.

“I am sorry. this stupid... … Quarreung!

At the same time as he took a step, blue lightning struck from above his head.

As the priest's arms and legs trembled, Eden's eyes widened.

'What is that?'

The power was still violent, but the rage of the God of Thunder life was perfectly controlled.

“Nade, this is… … ?”

“The Thunder God’s Judgment. It's like a lie detector. Read your opponent's brainwaves and respond automatically. If you deceive yourself... …

Quarreung!

Lightning strikes over someone's head again.

“This is how it works.” Nade's explanation became a binding force in itself and made the priests unable to move.

“Don’t play tricks. Because I don’t have the ability to embrace everyone or the generosity like Sirone.”

That was the decisive blow.

While the evil priests were tied up, the penitent priests fought to the death.

"Oh God! Please do not forgive me!”

As much as they did not want to escape the pleasure, the hearts of those who once escaped were miserable.

Iruki didn't care.

'This way and that way, it's all God.' All she had to do was subdue the enemy in front of her in order to make Sirone's dream come true.

'Cancellation.'

As Amidal's ability Dreamer was released again, the sacred power of the priests was applied.

“Kuaaa! This bastard!”

The anger of the demons who were beaten by those who once treated them like slaves pierced the sky.

“I will kill you all!”

Armidal drew the dagger to his side, took a long stance, and bent his upper body.

“Take it, my strongest technique!” Firmly gripping the handle of the dagger, he shouted, imagining a storm of swordsmanship.

“Infinite perforation slash!”

A technique that turns a radius of several hundred meters into a black sword.

“Yea! Yay!”

The priests hurriedly stopped walking as the blades in the scabbard moved back and forth quickly.

“Aaaaaa! sooner! sooner!”

The expressions on the faces of those who watched it became blank.

Geomki wasn't born in reality, there was only a child waving a dagger.

Iruki said pathetically.

“What are you doing?”

Realizing that the ability had been canceled again, Armidal struck with the dagger.

"damn!"

“I play house with my friends. I will send you home soon.”

“You bastard!”

As the priests narrowed the encirclement again, Amidal gnashed his teeth as he glared at Iruki.

“I mean, it really happened. This, Mr... … !” The priest's divine power was applied at the same time, and after a while, the sound of his bones being crushed was heard.

Iruki turned his head.

“What about Sirone?”

He was engaged in a fierce battle with three Satanist leaders who had floated the emblem into the sky.

Evangelist Elka examined Yahweh's heart through a mirror.

'It's great if I evangelize.'

If Yahweh entered Satanism, the ideological war would end at that point.

'What do you want? Let's play together.'

Sirone, reflected in her mirror, was crying tears of blood with a sad face.

'It's really disgusting.' If that's the case, it's like I'm the woman who will kill the world.

“Anyway, me… …

Her eyes raised in rage, she struck the mirror reflecting Yahweh with her fist.

“Make them bad demons!”

As the mirror of the window was broken, a powerful shock was pushed into the heart of the real poet Lone.

“Big!”

The elder of Satanism, Euphrapus, made the Magi collected by Marit as long as a spear.

"The Emblem's Window."

A spear with an ominous dark red light like blood rushed towards Sirone.

The Hand of God blocked it, but the center of the palm of the light burst through.

The corner of Elka's mouth went up.

'We are the catacombs.'

Yahweh assassination organization.

'Ma-ryu is different from magi. This is a weapon made of the human emotions you love. thus… …

Unlike the demons that Yahweh cut out of their hearts, they could receive the Miracle Stream.

'The number of followers of Satanism is approximately 30 million.'

No matter how powerful Sirone's Ultima was, it was not enough to take it alone.

'Only for this moment.'

This was the reason Giyorgi, the head of the catacombs, gave up the direct confrontation with Yahweh and established Satanism.

'damn!'

Sirone experienced a fleeting moment when the spear of the emblem flew at the speed of light.

'why?'

Is the integration of evil that easy?

No matter how hard he burns his life, he cannot bring even one human into Ultima.

'why?'

Does evil converge in a great stream?

Without even having time to find the answer, the emblem's spear pierced Sirone's side.

Euphrapus roared.

“Oohhh!”

Just when the thrill of pleasure was about to blow his mind, Sirone grabbed the spear.

"not there yet."

Giyorgi's strategy was excellent, but Hexa is not broken with only 30 million people.

“Yaaaa!”

The light of agape flowed from Sirone's body as she held onto the spear, and she passed through the spear.

Elka looked at the broken mirror.

"uh?"

The light swelled like a liquid and exploded in a huge flash that swept across her face.

“Quaaaaaa!”

With her eyes, nose, and mouth all melted, she struggled with her arms, and Sirone shouted.

“Never give up!”

When the window of the emblem embedded in his side was broken, the Hand of God was reborn.

Elka crawled on the ground and shouted.

“Maximus!”

Hearing the cry, Maximus shrugged his shoulders and recalled her instructions.

-If you evangelize Seina... … .

Said to give you the greatest pleasure.

“Wait, Grand Priest.”

When Maximus' eyes changed, Seina, who was dubious, hurriedly stepped back.

“Seina, I… …

No one knows if he would have repented even if he had passed the barriers of Eden.

“Don't come closer!”

I put my hand on the holy sword Astacia, but the holy blue light did not flow.

did

'I've lost my sanity. I can't fight like this.'

Elka shouted again.

“Catch her!”

At the same time, Maximus, who widened his eyes, quickly approached her and grabbed her by the shoulder.

“Seina!”

The moment she saw the death-ready eyes, Seina couldn't bear to pull out her sword.

"sorry."

Kneeling at her feet, Maximus said with tears dripping down his face.

“I succumbed to the devil. Cut off the head of the sinner who has tarnished the name of God.”

Elka hit the ground in resentment.

“Aagh! it's annoying! Mr. Gee... … The Hand of God flew in a parabolic arc and crushed Elka's body with a thump.

Eden shouted.

“Sena! damage!"

Gultan, the King of Darkness, who had fallen nearby, activated Quantization and flew to her.

“Nade!”

At the same time as Iruki shouted, Kwon Samarit gave instructions to the priest.

“Run!”

The moment when the legs of the priests who feared the thunder god's judgment were forcibly moved.

“Aww! no!"

Dozens of lightning bolts fell simultaneously as if scratching the air, and the corpse exploded with a bang.

In the sight covered by blood and intestines, Maximus radiated divine power.

“Go away, you devil! Kuck!”

The holy sword, Astacia, pierced Maximus' stomach from behind and came out.

"Ahhh… …

After stabbing the high priest, Seina released her hand from the handle of the sword and slowly retreated.

“Uh, why me?”

Gultan was touching her heart.

'Imagination craft.'

Having stabbed Maximus to lower the barrier of his heart, he clenched his hand roughly.

“Huh uh uh uh!”

As the shape of her heart changed, Seina's eyes were filled with red aura.

“… … It is Satan.”

' done.'

Evangelized Seina.

As soon as Gultan disappeared underground with her, Nade's lightning struck.

"damn! Missed it!”

Since it is a movement that ignores time and space, it is not possible to track their movements.

Sirone jumped out.

“Mika!”

-yes. Coordinates 39398749… … .

Portrait conveyed the coordinates of Gultan, which moved as if jumping through space, to Sirone.

'complicated. I intend to avoid being pursued.' Gultan, who had been wandering around north, south, east and west, looked back with a victor's smile.

“Hehehe, I can never catch up with this... …

Sirone was coming.

“Aaaaaa! Aaaaaa!”

Surprised, Gultan jumped through space, but Mika did not miss his coordinates.

'I was aiming for Seina from the beginning. To make sure that the truth of the Holy See cannot be revealed.'

"Do not come! please! only once!" Sirone shouted.

"at there!"

Giyorgi read the Devil's Bible aloud.

“And God said, Agrippa, why are you weeping? Agrippa said, The woman I love has married her brother.”

Agrippa Ecclesiastes 3.

“Lost lamb, stay away from envy and resentment. Kill your brother and take your sister-in-law.”

the Agrippa.

“People will blame me if I kill my brother. If you take your sister-in-law, you will lose your job.”

God said.

“Now that all your brother's things are yours, no one can blame you. You can bury your sister-in-law late at night.”

Agrippa kneels.

“I am afraid. I am afraid hypocrites will put me in prison. I am afraid I will cut my throat.”

“I will be with you, and you will not have to pay the price to get what you want. Take anything and bring it to you. A haven for murderers... …

Jaws, devil's bible closed.

“Melkidue.”

“Caught?… “!”

Just before Sirone's hand touched them, Gultan and Seina disappeared in a red glow.

"what?"

It wasn't the ability to quantize.

“Mika.”

- doesn't exist.

'No? What are you talking about?'

- Not in the world. It appears to be outside the phase space specified by the coordinates.

'Hidden code. But as far as I know, to create an ability this powerful... …

Sirone's brow wrinkled.

“Gyorgi.”

It was Yahweh's demon.