[753] The Temple (4)

* * *

Sirone looked up at the sky.

'The law.'

The mechanism of <Slaughter>, which had no choice but to die in the end, resembled the fate of Minerva, who had no choice but to become a witch in the end.

'Can I escape?'

If you choose bread for lunch today, is it a human will or a combination of infinite variables unknown to humans?

'Even if you think you're going to eat bread and then suddenly change the menu... … .'

If that is also the function of the law.

'It's too huge to be analyzed, so the expression of Uorin's curse is right.'

Until Veron's experiment is over.

Soothing her despondent heart with the music of grass insects, Sirone read the end of the letter.

It is estimated that the <Law Killing> was given to Minerva around the age of 20.

And that heinous weapon has killed countless people as it roamed the world.

It was truly destructive.

At some point, high-ranking officials from each country got caught up in strange incidents and continued to die.

It was only then that the leaders started to find out the truth, but it was already too late. The revenge was completely successful.

There were as many murderers as there were dead people, but the true killer was Minerva.

Isn't that what revenge is?

Already irreversible, Minerva chose to become a true witch. She caused a cataclysm called 'The Walking Dead' that was recorded in history.

An unspeakable number of people died, at which point the human race came close to coming to an end.

Here comes the ivory tower.

Was this also the wheel of the law?

After stopping the walking dead, the ivory tower offers her two options.

To be judged by mankind. Another is to become a resident of the Ivory Tower and work for humanity.

Minerva was the Five Stars of the Human Security Enforcement Department.

At first, Minerva is said to have chosen the first.

He didn't want to fight for the humans he hated so much.

But it looks like there was a deal of some sort. According to my expectations... … .

It must have been an order from Taeseong.

Perhaps even those who became murderers according to the law of <Slaughter> would not be held guilty.

The first thing that came to Sirone's mind when he read Wu-rin's letter was the meeting with Tae-seong.

The Five Great Stars of the Ivory Tower can register one object instead of commanding a satellite.

What she said at the time was not just an example, but exactly what happened to Minerva.

Minerva did not destroy <Slaughter>.

Of course it was presented in the ivory tower, but I think it was carried through to the end.

This caused a huge controversy worldwide.

These were the words of a person who lived at that time.

Minerva was taken to the Ivory Tower under the protection of the stars while imprisoned in a wooden prison.

It was a really huge crowd. There were more than 20,000 people, and each of them cursed and threw stones.

I could imagine their anguish.

The Minerva I saw, just looked calm.

Even when the reporters asked questions, I was just looking at the front in silence.

Then a reporter broke through the crowd and reached Minerva.

The audience became quiet in an instant, and the question posed by the reporter was... … .

biggest issue.

Why didn't you destroy <Slaughter>?

And Minerva is said to have looked back at the reporter for the first and last time and said:

-Because if someone truly needs to be killed, he has to die.

It was a wish that a 10-year-old girl with no strength or background must have engraved in her heart while being humiliated by countless adults.

That's how <law killing> is still roaming the world and taking lives.

Now you understand what it means to do evil with evil.

If you find <law killing> and put in your earnest desire, the law will move to remove the atrocities.

actually… … I didn't say this to sympathize with Minerva. Of course, you would have already forgiven me.

What I want to say is, I think the core of <Slaughter> lies in the person to truly kill, that is, in earnest.

If you are not desperate, <Slaughter> will not be activated.

The categories are now narrowed down.

Those in power or wealth only figure out the location of <Law>, never try to get it.

If it came into your own hands, you'd have to suspect that someone triggered it to kill you.

A weapon that is like the nemesis of power.

In most cases where deaths are caused by <Slaughter>, the weak kill the strong.

If you trace the route of this case and figure out the movement, you will be able to see where it is and whose hands it is now.

It was here, the Republic of North Eymond, that he reached by quickly tracing the world.

If extreme goodness exists in the real world, the extreme evil must surely exist in the other world. maybe it's satan

And he's out of the law like you. That's why even Anker couldn't use his hand.

If Nane and Miro follow the law, Sirone and Satan are perfectly balanced towards denying the law.

However, according to Heaven's report, Satan must also pass through the body of a creature in order to materialize.

At the time, he was a man named Frankwine.

It's a race against time.

Perhaps Satan is looking for numerous candidates. Too many to sift through with your history search abilities.

That's why you need <law killing>.

Uorin intended to eliminate all those whom Satan had pointed out using the <Law Slaughter>.

I know it's difficult, but I really want your help.

If you help me with this, you won't owe me any more.

It was a Uori-like bill to do my best.

I miss you.

The letter ended with Theraze's seal, and Sirone threw the paper into the bonfire.

There was firm determination in Sirone's eyes as he stared at the paper that was turning to ashes.

'Until now, we have been tracking and checking the records of death cases. If my predictions are correct... … .'

It should be here, at the 48th Military Facility, two kilometers from the capital of the North Eymond Republic.

'We can meet tomorrow.'

Unhappy someone with <law killing>.

* * *

The second morning in the temple was bright.

The previous day's talks ended with Gustav's defeat, and additional talks were held according to a majority vote.

Gustav was planning a world war, and the representatives of each country were unable to sleep to prevent their solo run.

“Then, let’s start the second meeting, which is unprecedented.”

When Uorin declared, the delegates sat down at the round table, and the guards showed more viciousness than before and headed to the back.

“I’m sorry about yesterday. Coming to such a wonderful place seems to have revived the passion of childhood.”

While Gustav 4th class, Sumodo, the king of domestic affairs, was on his way to his seat, he bowed his head toward the round table.

It was an unexpected situation, but this too must have been a cunning ruse from Sumodo's head.

“We were excited about each other. Let’s finish yesterday’s work with yesterday, and let’s have a more constructive conversation today.”

“As expected, the queen of the empire is benevolent.”

The other 4 arts were already sitting in the seat where Sumodo headed with a servile smile.

Natasha was on her knees, her eyes wide open, and next to her was a middle-aged man in a cross-legged position with his chin resting.

Now, Uorin openly explored them.

'Gustav 4 skills, God of War Vulcan.'

He grew a beard like a bandit and boasted a muscular body even at the age of 50.

But what was really scary was his brain.

'The continent's genius military with both literary and martial arts. It is not an exaggeration to say that Havitz is fighting a war because of the author.'

Vulcan, who met Uorin's eyes, smiled grinning, baring his teeth without loosening his chin.

'I have no intention of giving up.'

Today's meeting will not be smooth, and now all that remains is the choice of other countries against Gustav.

'World War should be prevented as much as possible. But if you cross the line over there, you don't have to go too low.'

Guidelines had already been established through secret channels with Jincheon and the heads of the Seven Planets.

“Then I will announce the agenda first. Of course, we were discussing the Valkyrie budget yesterday, but there are issues that need to be dealt with more quickly than that.”

While everyone was silently approving, Uorin glared directly at Harbitz and said.

"so… … Are you really going to have a fight?"

It was a preemptive strike to suppress the steamship, but Harvits was also Harvits.

“You said you would. Didn't we talk last night? Or what, did you even ask for help?”

However, Uorin had already figured it out.

“You can guess how many people will die. Gustav will not be safe either.”

"are you okay. Because I am not dying.”

In the face of the powerful narcissism that sustains Havitz, Uorin chose to stall.

"Then, Gustaf's forces, currently belonging to Valkyrie, will be absorbed by the remaining countries."

“Hmm.”

Sumodo, the king of domestic affairs, rubbed his chin for the first time, and Vulcan, the god of war, nodded with a meaningful smile.

It would have been a choice Havitz 17 would never have made, but the previous emperor, Havitz 16, had invested considerably in Valkyrie to prevent a war with Heaven.

'If you give up Valkyrie, the power of the Empire will be weakened by 1/17. It's a world war in this state. The tax increase rate that is stably covered by time, manpower, and materials is… … .'

While Sumodo's thoughts were spinning terrifyingly fast, Harbitz spoke plainly.

“Then take it. What can I do without Valkyrie?”

The temple was in shock.

Even Blitz and Enox, who were watching the human Baktu with interest, turned their heads with puzzled expressions.

“Are you serious?”

When I analyzed it objectively, I thought that if I pushed to this point, Gustav would have no choice but to step back right away.

Kashan's analysts stayed up all night and found that Gustav's win rate was under 10 percent.

“If we gather in the plaza… … .”

said Harvits annoyed.

“Aren’t you supposed to do something? They say that if you just decide all day, the sun goes down. I have to go home. I just want to do something quickly. So, let’s not waste time and start a war.”

Not even considering calculations, just a desire to mess around in my head.

Vulcan shook his shoulders.

“Hehe, as expected, Your Highness. You are an excellent judge. Anyway, it's killing people, but you have to jump out even while eating.”

Woorin's eyes calmed down.

'Did I say it was a square?'

Uorin was also one of the people who stayed the longest in this huge plaza.

'A person waiting for an appointment, a person reading a book, a person watching people in the square.'

But sometimes there are people like this.

'A person who creates chaos only for his own pleasure, regardless of what others think.'

Havitz said like a child.

“I want to have fun.”

“… … .”

While the representatives of each country were fed up, he stood up and took hold of the round table.

“Have you not decided yet? Then I'll tidy it up. From now on, the Gustav Empire... … . Whoops!”

Havitz gave as much strength as he could, but the heavy round table did not budge.

“Heh heh heh! I'm sorry, Your Highness. You should do these fun things with me.”

Vulcan came next to Havitz and grabbed the round table.

"From now on!"

The two exchanged glances and nodded, raising both arms wide at the same time.

“War!”

The round table rotated at a height of 10 meters with the force of the Vulcan, and Natasha raised her head and burst out laughing.

I could see the distorted faces of the representatives of each country beyond the round table that was spinning and falling.

“Let’s kill hotly!”

The moment the round table in the temple was smashed with a thump, Uorin's eyes turned to life for the first time.

'It's atrocious.'

---------------------------------------