[292] 5. All kinds of variables (6)

“Now that it’s like this, I won’t stop it. But I'd recommend waiting. If you go in, your life cannot be guaranteed. Leave Sirone to me.”

The mask quickly spat out the words and jumped into the door.

Amy looked at Sirone's condition. 

The solid lines of the cobwebs tightening around his neck were clearly visible. Moreover, the focus did not move at all from where it was tied.

However, it did not completely stop, so if left as it was, it would eventually die.

Amy and Rayna looked back at each other and met their eyes. And without delay, he jumped inside the door. 

5 seconds later, the door disappeared.

Xenoger and Sirone were slowly thawing, frozen at the crossroads of life and death. A very slow groan escaped from between Sirone's lips .

He probably wanted to shout Ignite.

6. The Great Secret (1)

<Separate> Sirone's consciousness. Level 11 Surface Psychology.

Qurrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr!

Thunder struck. It was raining in torrents. Dark clouds covered the entire sky, making it impossible to tell whether it was day or night.

Amy looked around the street in the pouring rain. The city was definitely a place I had never seen before, but it was somehow familiar.

Rows of buildings lined the brick-paved streets, and whale oil torches hung from each shop. Even he was weak due to the strong wind.

All the common beggars had evacuated, and only men in ready-to-wear were speeding on their way with their collars adjusted.

In the distance, a carriage covered with a raincoat tent was heading toward the city gate to get out of the city.

It was probably daytime.

Amy and Raina looked back at each other, shivering with chills. Rain-soaked clothes clung to her body and her head looked like a drowned mouse.

"What the hell... … .”

“You came in too.”

The two women instinctively covered themselves and turned away. Although she was wearing clothes, her body was exposed, so there was no choice but to be wary.

A masked man walked in the darkness of the alley.

"I've been waiting for it because I thought it would be like that."

Amy asked.

“Who are you? What is your relationship with Sirone?”

Instead of answering, the man took off his mask. With his face covered, he wondered how he could see, but a thin bandage covered his eyes. He was blind from the start.

“My name is Generaid Armin. I have a little relationship with Sirone.”

Amy tilted her head. Do you have a relationship with Sirone?

Of course, Sirone must have connections that others don't know about. However, if I had known someone of this level, there was no way I wouldn't have spoken.

“How can you believe that? Sirone never said anything like that... … .”

Armin ignored it, looked somewhere, and pointed alternately at the two women.

“First, avoid the rain. Please follow me.”

Just standing in the heavy rain for a few minutes caused the body temperature to drop rapidly, so the two had no choice but to follow.

Moreover, I didn't want to show such an embarrassing appearance even among women.

The place Armin took the two of them to was a restaurant and inn that doubled as a restaurant.

Amy checked the name on the sign before entering the building. It was similar to the Tormia language, but it was subtly different, so I couldn't understand the meaning.

"welcome."

When I opened the door and entered, a woman in her 40s who was knitting at the counter greeted me in a formal tone.

When I looked at the building from the outside, I wondered if it was too narrow, but when I entered, it was a structure that stretched deep into the inside.

The hall was about 7 pyeong, and there were three tables for drinking. In the corner, hunters were sitting and warming up with hot drinks.

After passing the hall and turning the corner, there is a corridor that goes deep, and the floor was torn down and a fire pit was placed. Rainwater did not come in until here because there was a drainage ditch.

Square tables were placed around it, and people dressed as travelers were eating.

Armin first offered an empty seat to the women, then turned around the table and sat across from him.

Then, a musician wearing a conical hat who was warming up near the fire pit began to tune a four-stringed instrument.

An inn where travelers often stop by has a contract to hire a musician to play music when a certain number of people gather. 

Also, even if the number of people is not enough, if you personally give money, you can play.

The musician played the instrument and sang in a melancholy tone.

It was a song about a knight who lost his loved one going on a journey to find a place to die. The tune was calm, but the lyrics were quite sad.

Reina was surprised to realize that the musician's performance was of a high standard. However, it was a variation that deviated from the basics of harmonics. It was like mixing several songs into one.

But the other travelers didn't seem to care. No, they didn't care about anything. It was proof that he did not even look at the two women with their bodies exposed.

Amy wondered. She, of course, didn't necessarily mean that if she exposed her body, she'd be watched by men, but she was in a weird situation anyway.

Upon closer inspection, they were not eating. The fork was moving pointlessly back and forth between the food and the mouth. 

Even so, the reason why it seemed to eat was because it kept muttering something with a depressed expression.

Unreadable signage. A strange song with a popping melody. People who don't eat rice. and a sad expression.

Amy suddenly got goosebumps. For the first time she realized that this place was unlike any world she had ever known.

“Hey, where are you?”

Armin nodded as if he had been waiting for the question to arrive.

“This is Syrone's ritual. I looked at it before you came, and it seems to be level 11 of the 12 levels of the human psyche, or surface psychology.”

I had heard from Arin when I went to Galliant that the human mind is divided into 12 levels.

But now that wasn't the problem. The problem was that she had been there.

I asked if Rayna felt the same way.

"So you're saying that this is Sirone's consciousness?"

Armin nodded his head instead of adding a comment. 

To explain such a strange world, it was effective to simply make people believe rather than persuade.

Amy saw through Armin's intentions and suppressed her curiosity.

let's believe The more important thing was how to save Sirone wherever this was.

“We have to go after Arius. Besides, in a little while Sirone's head will be cut off in real life.”

Armin smiled and shook his head.

“There is quite a difference between real time and conscious time. You must have followed me right away, right? But I waited here for over 30 minutes.”

Amy calculated sensibly.

There was a slight time difference, but it was a situation where Armin and I came here almost at the same time. However, if there was a difference of 30 minutes, it should be considered that the time was very slow compared to reality.

'No, I should say that the speed of consciousness is faster than that.'

Armin continued.

“Sirone will be fine for a while. If possible, I wanted to slow down the time even more, but there is a limit to the time field... … .”

Currently, Armin has Keira, who is 14 kilometers away from Kazra's castle, tied to the time field of the stop magic, so there are not too many extra timelines.

If it was the slow magic used by ordinary wizards, it would have been able to slow down time much more drastically, but it was not a wise choice in the situation at the time.

This is because slow is an active magic.

If you fill the battery slot, which most wizards have only one, with slow, you will hand over the initiative to the same scale wizard, Arius. Moreover, it was not an opponent that was easy enough to compete in a time-sharing situation.

That's why I used the passive skill Time Field. 

The time field, which simultaneously occupies time and space, remains in effect in space even after it is activated, leaving one battery slot that can flexibly respond to the opponent's reaction.

It was because Arius was aware of this fact that he could not act hastily in the confrontation.

Thanks to this, Sirone avoided instant death, but Armin's timeline was left with only a tail. Even if it was possible to make as many station fields as possible, if it was ineffective, it would be worse than not having one.

'The only thing left is Flickr. I have no choice but to try with this.'

The reason why Armin waited for the two women was because the state of consciousness in the 11th stage he entered was serious.

I didn't want to put Sirone's friends in danger, but I thought that if I voluntarily entered, I would have no choice but to get help.

“Of course, it is not very leisurely. We need to find Sirone as soon as possible. Unfortunately, however, I have almost lost my fighting ability. That's why we need your help. First of all, I will tell you the information you need to know.”

Reina said while taking a posture to listen.

“Yes, I want to help. So please tell me. Why is Zeon trying to bribe an assassin and even Arius to kill Sirone? I know Arius in particular is from Orkamp.”

“To talk about that, first I have to tell you about Arius. His nickname is Grave Robber, and he belongs to the 7 Madou Girls who are quite famous in the Black Line.”

Amy frowned at the word black line. 

There are criminals in the Red Line, but they are also those who raise their ranks with notoriety and achievements anyway.

For example, Arcane was like that.

The Black Line, on the other hand, was far from honorable. They only coveted their own pleasure and did not mind the collapse of society for that pleasure.

“You mean someone like that has been by Orkampf all this time?”

“Because the skills are certain. An Unlocker and Scale Wizard whose main job is to infiltrate people's minds and steal their thoughts. He had installed a door into Sirone's surface mind. He probably did at least one dive without Sirone knowing.”

Amy knocked on the table. A crackling sound was heard.

"You mean everything in this inn is Sirone's consciousness?"

"yes. It looks like an object, but in reality it is a landscape created by Sirone's mind.”

Rayna asked.

“What kind of principle is that? Is it possible for a person’s thoughts to appear in this concrete world?”

“All the minds acquired by human beings as they grow up become materialized. Love, anger, lukewarmness, they are all things. It is safe to interpret it as a language, but since this is a world related to the unconscious, objectification would be the correct expression.”

Arius looked back at the scenery of the inn and continued.

“Then, why is the arrangement of objects similar to reality, even though it is a spiritual world? That's because everything in level 11 comes up through the realm of level 6 rem. If the unconscious was projected all the way here, it would be a completely messed up world.”

said Amy, rubbing her chin.

“Hmm. So, does that mean that the human mind goes through a filter called REM and is converted into an object before coming up here?”

“Exactly. REM is a mental state during sleep, so it will be easier to understand if you think of it as a dream. Dreams are the dividing line between the conscious and the unconscious. So, in a dream, two characteristics appear at the same time. The higher you go up in the sixth level, the stronger your consciousness, and the lower you go, the stronger your unconscious.”

Arius pointed to the ceiling.

“This is Level 11 Superficial Psychology, the highest layer except for the shell layer. So it's a very materialized world. It’s real, complex, expansive.”

The melancholy tune of the musician was laid out calmly. 

The variation was still messy, but thinking that this was also because it went through the filter of a dream, the eerieness disappeared.

said Rayna.

“I said Arius was a grave robber. What is he trying to steal from Sirone's mind?”

Amy replied.

“It’s ataraxia.”

---------------------------------------