Before Murder (4)

The terrorist incident at the small conference hall quickly spread through the mouths of the people present.

The most shocking news was the fact that all of Kashan's core forces had been put into action.

"Boss!"

An NIS entourage who skipped personnel procedures told Dante during the briefing.

“Code A is being attacked by Ka Shan near the small conference room. Allies are assisting.”

Code A meant Kuan and Shiina, Code B meant Kuan, and Code C meant Shiina.

"what?"

Rufist's eyebrows wrinkled.

“You are too fast. Wasn’t code C the one with the highest chance of enemies moving?”

Even Dante didn't understand this time.

“Why? I wouldn't be able to make it.” said the attendant.

“Kashan’s forces attacking code A are 100 wind generals, near, middle, far, and guards, chief Qido.” The moment he heard those words, the people gathered in the secret room felt like they had been hit in the head with a hammer.

"entire… … Did you put it in?”

Rufist said.

“A strategy to press down with force instead of choosing code A. That’s why it was so fast.”

That's how much he fears Kuan.

Tess jumped up.

“I don't have time to be like this. I will muster an army. We have to go there too... … !”

"for a moment."

The albino raised his hand.

"wait for a sec. So it means that Kashan committed all his forces. Then, what is the current Empress' defensive power?”

close to zero

"ah."

At the same time as everyone realized, the albino slammed the table and turned his head.

"I do not have time!"

Bloodshot eyes signaled an urgent situation.

“Go and kill her!”

Meanwhile, a great chase took place at the Delta Headquarters.

"Hurray! It's a hunt, a hunt!” A scoundrel with a chicken head was chasing the Empress of Kashan, who was wearing a hood.

“Haha! got it!”

“Kyaaak!”

After defeating the target, the hood was removed to reveal a woman wearing a silver wig.

"damn! Boom again! Don't you pay for this?"

The head of Chicken Head shook his head as he raised his knife to cut his throat.

“Don't kill me. There are many high-ranking people here. It can be difficult to deal with later.”

"haha! You heard the captain too. Satan or something overwrites everything anyway.”

“Even so, that guy… … huh?" The chief blinked his eyes.

“Who was it?”

The name Havitz did not come to mind.

“Kuk!”

Sirone, who was speeding towards the scene of the incident, suddenly frowned.

'Something just happened.'

Harvits is gone.

Although she hated the feeling of being out of touch, Sirone eventually caught on to the truth.

'Vanishing. It's activated.'

The killing game has begun again.

'Who is the target this time?'

Whoever it was, there was only one thing Sirone could do.

“Mika.”

- yes.

“How long does it take for Elicia to be completed?”

Mika's portrait sense transcended time and space and sensed all the tribesmen of the Southern Continent.

-Integrated EEG 7,033,019 detected. That's 99.8 percent of the total rate. Estimated time of arrival, 13 seconds.

'late.'

That was enough time to kill a person.

"omg! omg!"

Uorin, who spread dozens of shadow warriors, continued her lonely escape.

“That way! Go grab it!”

The armed forces of each country that received intelligence were frantic to take Uorin's head.

She activated future poetry.

'This is not the way.'

When the law was shaken by the time wave led by Paras, a tremendous headache came.

“Huh!”

As soon as she turned the corner, she collapsed and heard the sound of the chase coming through the walls.

"find! You wouldn't have gotten out yet!”

She scratched the marble floor.

'I won't die!'

With one hand deeply pressed down on the hood, she gnashed her teeth and crawled.

'You think I'm going to die? I'm Woorin. By all means, even through hell... …

The headache was gone, and she started running again.

'Because I will survive!' As I was running through a complex maze-like hallway, someone approached me from the side.

“The Empress!”

Uorin's heart sank, realizing that it was Gando, sighed.

“Give me some support. I am so dizzy.” “You have been patient. I'll take it now. We should be able to get out of Delta.”

Future City also said so.

"okay. Let's go.”

However, there was only one thing that future vision could never see.

“I was waiting for you.” Havits said, but he couldn't perceive anything of him in his vanishing state.

“I can read your mind clearly.”

The first murder was a paving stone, and Uorin without Kido was completely defenseless against Satan.

“I’ll take it.”

Slit her throat and absorb the History Search.

said Mika.

-Integrated EEG 7,047,113 detected. Elykiah is complete.

'Now!'

The moment he heard the words, Sirone stopped teleportation and activated the Miracle Stream.

Light leaked out of her eyes, and Sirone clenched her teeth at the output to the point of being frightened.

“Big!”

The category in which the power of the mind of 7 million people can change the laws of the world.

'Where are you hiding?'

It was a power that could completely deny the atrocious laws separated from Ultima.

“Havitz!”

The light from Hexa crossed the Delta main building and formed a dome with a radius of several kilometers.

and that moment.

“Die, Uorin.”

Havitz's vanishing was canceled.

"uh?"

At that point, what Gando and Uorin saw was a long sword that was close by.

'Why are you here?'

Before Uorin could stop thinking, Gando pushed her shoulder aside.

In the moment of Gando's throat being cut, they met each other's eyes.

'mother.'

He seemed to be smiling, but he couldn't be sure because his neck was flying through the air.

As she watched the blood flowing backwards in front of her eyes, she unknowingly hit her buttock.

"what?"

Harvitz turned towards the hallway.

"How did know?"

Having read Sirone's mind with the god's frequency, he turned to Uorin and said.

“You were lucky.”

Before I could even comprehend the current situation with my head, a shock close to fear seized my brain.

'This is Satan.'

Even though the blow of conversion failed, I couldn't find any emotion from him.

“Hmm.”

A fly hovered in Harvitz's left pupil and shot out like a tentacle, grabbing Gando's face.

Watching his face get absorbed, Uorin desperately suppressed a moan.

could have been her

“With this, two people.”

Harvits shook his longsword and turned around.

“An hour ahead.”

Those who were fighting outside of Delta were also enveloped in Sirone's light.

"what?"

Through quantum transmission, they all felt like one giant organism.

Of course, when the light disappeared, everything went back to square one.

However, what remained in their memories was Satan's current state, as conveyed by Sirone.

“Havitz… …

killed the gando

In other words, each country must be held accountable for a murder that takes place within an hour from now.

'It's a truce.'

Amidst the bloody winds that raged on the temple, the Kashan troops were lost in thought.

'It's dangerous at this rate.'

Even if Havitz stepped down, it didn't change that Uorin was defenseless.

'I have to protect the queen.'

At the point when even Gando died, the Kashan Guard felt a return instinct close to desire.

“Big!”

The one who felt the pain the most was Kido, who was engaged in a skirmish with Kuan.

'Uorin, do we have to do more? You almost died.'

The leader of Poongjang, Yula, said.

“Catch Shiina.”

The only thing left for the ruthless Sword Demon was to obey the Queen's command.

When 100 wind lances flew at Armin, Kido had no choice but to leave.

“Sheesh!”

As the spear spun and moved like a wheel, Quan also caught up with him through external gravity.

'strong.'

As different gravitational forces interlocked, the direction of the area was jumbled.

Keira shouted.

“Armin! Dangerous!"

What could not be avoided even with flicker magic was probably the 100 Fengzhang.

'damn!'

The moment the blade comes in.

'stop!'

The magic of conversion was activated, and 30 people caught up in the time field were frozen.

"it's okay. For now... …

As Armin wiped the sweat from his chin, 12 black shadows were born from under his feet.

Devil's time, 0.666 seconds.

'Is it finished?' "Yahweh."

Harvits murmured.

“I can’t be the only one who gets annoyed. yes'?"

“For Satan!”

The 12 Shioks rising from the ground spun rapidly and shattered the time field.

The windmill moved, and a sword flew into Armin's arms holding Shiina.

"Dangerous!"

As Shiina pushed Armin away with air-type magic, the blade grazed her fingertips.

“Acquire target.”

Windjang, which had snatched her up like a hawk, returned to the formation at the speed of a gale.

“Shina!”

Kuan, whose eyes were upturned, kicked the ground, and Kido, aiming for the gap, stabbed his spear.

“It’s over??????!”

The Hand of God flew in from the side, grabbed Kido and beat him.

After bouncing off the ground, he regained his balance and raised his head and bit his lip.

“Sirone… …

“Kid too.”

Fengzhang and Quan were nowhere to be seen.

“Shina!”

Yula gave instructions at Quan's voice as he chased Fengzhang at terrifying speed.

“Five squadrons advanced.”

"yes."

The 60 Fengzhang dispersed like smoke and spun like a storm in front of Quan.

Quan's body was gradually shattered in the countless series of attacks.

- I'll give you a round of applause.

An eerie voice was heard.

-30 people were enough to break your ankle. But now it's 60 people.

“Shina!”

Blood splattered along the turbulence.

- The result is the same. you are still a bug it's still ugly Get crushed by our swords.

Wind field's attack, accelerating per second, began to catch up with the initial woom movement.

As the approach of the knife got closer by 0.1 millimeters, the scars began to increase on the body.

-That's the limit. I am a lamp before the wind.

'Shina.'

-Your swordsmanship is also great.

O......OOOOI

Fengzhang's displeasure permeated the air as a hollow laugh erupted from Quan's lips.

-Is that your will?

'Swordsmanship?'

Where in the world is there such a swordsmanship that destroys oneself?

'I'm Pierrot.'

A clown who just dances swords because he can't make the woman he loves happy.

'still… …

Kuan's eyes dimmed.

'I kept my ring hand.' Sensing Quan's change, all 60 Fung Zhang were thinking the same thing.

- what?

As if one eye was covered, Quan's figure was flickering in his field of vision.

'My last skill, though it's ugly.'

It is the last choice of Kuan, who cannot raise his senses due to any abnormality.

'Please smile.'

It was half of everything that made him, half of his brain.

'The pole of asymmetry.' The accident was blown away, and the area where half of the schema had disappeared was not even sensible.

“Hehe. Hehehe.”

A single tear rolled down Quan's cheek.

“Keep... … all. Shiina.” It was the only thing that remained in his mind even though his language skills had declined.

The wind shuddered.

“Kill!”

Not in a bleak voice, but in a lively shout, 60 wind chimes attacked him.

and… … .

A huge storm of blood and flesh, which cannot be attributed to one person, rages

hit

Clown Pierrot - Idiot White Disease.