[614] The Hottest Place (3)

"It's a nice sight."

said Fiord, who was sitting at the party table with Fisho.

At school, he is known as a gloomy person who wears a robe and enjoys evil games from beginning to end, but he was dressed neatly today.

People who didn't know him probably wouldn't have even guessed that his major was poison among poisons.

“Kaden will be graduating this year.”

It was Fishaw who learned that Kayden was the president of the Female Human Body Research Society while participating in Scramble Royale.

But now the golden ring has been dismantled, and Cayden is preparing to go out into the world.

If it wasn't for the master of the judge, he would have been a strong enough player to enter the final 10th place, but Fjord was also a strong player who had never missed the top spot.

“It doesn’t matter, Caden or something.”

Fjord cut his wrist with his sharp thumbnail and dripped blood into his glass.

“… … What kind of poison is it?”

“Kedrapusa.”

It is a plant that only grows on a small uninhabited island floating in the equatorial sea, and it was the main ingredient of a poison that even an elephant would die within a minute with a drop of the undiluted solution.

After swirling the glass around, I tasted a sip, and it was so thrilling that my tongue twisted.

“Geuk, this is the taste.”

“Your body is poisonous.”

“The human liver is a huge chemical storehouse. Once you adapt, even poison can become medicine.”

But most of them couldn't adapt, so they called it poison.

“Eat a lot of good things. Everyone’s liver will melt during the graduation exam.”

Roscas Fjord (9th place in the senior rankings).

Specialty: Deadly poison class of toxic magic.

Special note: Genocide magic that does not discriminate between friends and family.

"excuse me… … .”

A female student from Vermin Magic School approached.

With her hair up, the dark circles under her eyes were exposed, and her lips were purple.

“A fjord?”

The bottom of toxic magic is narrow, so even Fjord knew who she was.

“Windia, the Witch of Corruption.”

She nodded her head expressionlessly.

"okay. if… … Is that Kedrapusa the one who got drunk a moment ago?”

"however?"

Windia showed emotion for the first time.

“You deciphered Kedrapusa?”

"what… … I've been eating it since I was born."

The Rothkas were a family that developed chemical weapons of war under the kingdom's approval.

Windia, who was blinking, asked cautiously.

“Can I have a drink?”

"However much."

When Fiord suggested, she gently raised her glass and put her tongue on it.

“Huh!”

The moment my tongue touched it, a stimulus that seemed to melt away hit my brain.

She also trained her liver with numerous poisons, but this was not tolerable.

"Wow, that's really cool."

Crawling out from the edge of death, she repeatedly exclaimed.

"I've never had such delicious poison in my life."

“I’m glad you like it.”

Looking at the wound on Fiord's wrist, Windia licked her lips and grabbed her hair.

“Would you like to try mine too? It’s Taro Pascal.”

With a groan, the hair broke off in the middle.

“Taro Pascal?”

It was a poison that caused the skin to rot.

Fjord, who rubbed his hair and arranged it neatly, put it in his mouth and chewed it.

“Hmm, this… … .”

"how is it?"

“Well done. Although it is a little boring.”

If Kedrapusa was a stimulating food to Fjord, Taro Pascal was a vegetable side dish.

“Isn’t it? I want to synthesize something here.”

“Put in the juice of the Pustan mushrooms. Then the decay time can be reduced... … .”

As the two men discussed poisons continued, Fishaw let out a long breath and left.

At that time, when he was wandering around because he had no place to rest, a student from the Royal Magic School cautiously approached from behind.

“Sahyung, it’s been a while.”

He was a priest who studied with Francis Caylor, an authority on insect magic.

"okay. Did you prepare well for the graduation exam?”

“It's not particularly important to me. Master emphasizes the achievement of learning rather than the result. But I think you made a big decision this time.”

Fisho tilted his head slightly.

"What are you talking about?"

“Stop graduating and tell me to come back. You have been around too long.”

The priest took something out of his inner pocket and handed it to me.

“You have given permission.”

A dark red parasite was wriggling in the transparent vial.

"then. See you next year in the capital.”

The priest walked away and Fisho put the vial deep inside his inner pocket.

'… … I must graduate.'

Maranoff Fisho (24th place in the senior class).

Major: Insect Magic Evolution Acceleration Class.

Special note: Kaylor's apprentice.

As the day got darker and the party came to fruition, clashes began to break out one by one among the students who had been fighting a war of nerves until now.

Being a student at Alpheas Magic School was no exception, and while the students of the Royal Magic School were looking for food, they began to argue with Suabi.

“Hey, you. How high are you in school?”

Suabi, who is not very sociable, hesitated when she saw the students who were arguing with her.

“What does it matter? Move. I hate talking to you.”

Suabi, who was trying to escape by detour, was blocked by a student with a height of more than 2 meters.

“You don't want to tell us what we did? You're just asking.”

“It’s 18th. okay?”

I tried to spit it out and pass it by, but it felt like a black wall was blocking it because it was so big.

"haha! Middle rank on the subject of only utility magic? What did I say, I said it was a hoax from Spirit magazine.”

The students of the Royal Magic School believed that the reason why Scout Baikal was taken away by Alpheas Magic School was because of Vice Principal Olivia.

Thanks to the teachers' council, he was once even the principal of the Royal Magic School, so he had no choice but to notice.

“Hey, hold it straight. No matter how much you run and run, you can't keep up with the Royal Magic School's toes.”

Suddenly, Suabi's eyes widened.

Even if the mental unity was perfect, it would affect the test if students from other schools were suppressed from the momentum.

"Oh oh! Did you see that I just glared at you? Is this scary?”

“Hey, you guys. Do it in moderation.”

When the students who had been confining Suabi looked back, Screamer stood crookedly with his hands in his pockets.

"What are you?"

“Do I need to tell you? From what I've heard, it sounds like you're memorizing Spirit Magazine.”

Hyde Allen, third in the ranks of the Royal Magic School, walked.

“I watched the kids playing in the water below as a way to pass the time. But I can't even remember your face.”

“Suabi, come this way.”

The screamer ignored it and beckoned, but the big student didn't get out of the way.

“If you are confident, why don’t you come and take me? Crawl between my crotches and you won't do anything nasty.”

The graduating class of the Royal Academy of Magic burst into laughter.

“Ha, really… … .”

If you have the personality of a screamer, you should overturn it right away, but the time is right, so I walked with patience.

“Suabi, let’s go. You don't have to worry about these lesser bastards."

“The lesser one?”

“It seems that the tension has been relieved after eating 20 passers-by raw, but we are not like that.”

"ha ha ha! of course. That's the difference between a royal school and a normal school.”

“I heard that you guys have 3.8 times lower average abilities than us.”

The giant's eyebrows twitched at the words that hit the pinnacle of his qualifications.

“Do you think you would believe that nonsense? It's a hoax.”

"i think so too. It looks like you took another dot from the magazine. Looking at your twists, I think it will be at least 38 times.”

“This bastard!”

A large student grabbed the screamer by the collar and pulled him.

"I'm afraid they're teasing me carelessly for having a magic control device, but you're not even close to one fist."

"okay? You can't even lift me?"

"what?"

The tall student looked down and realized that the screamer's feet weren't off the ground yet.

"this… … !”

I gave more strength, but the screamer didn't move as if it was stuck in place.

'I remembered. that guy... … .'

Before Allen could speak, the screamer grabbed the giant by the collar.

Due to the height difference, I had to stretch my arms the highest, but the difference in height was reversed in an instant.

“Keep!”

When the screamer pulled the gigantic body by the collar, it fell down as if a hole had been pierced in the ground.

The moment the giant, kneeling down by the force of force majeure, raised its head in disbelief, a fist flew into the air, creating tremendous wind pressure.

“Ugh!”

pop! The fist stopped right in front of my eyes as the sound hit my eardrums.

Even the tall student couldn't help but recall the sight of the suit sleeves curled up while eating the spin, tightly pressed to the arm.

'Bookmaker Screamer.'

After gathering his fists, the screamer twisted the giant's hand, which was still holding on to his collar, and pulled it off.

“I know it hurts your pride, but if the royal family is poor, the royal family should take care of it. None of the kids at my school have the mind to care about the likes of you.”

Logan Screamer (final top 10 senior class).

Specialization: A bookmaker of photon magic.

Special Note: After completing the fighting spirit Pyroker's Tekken Project, it is possible to hit a deadly blow.

“How dare these see us in the water!”

All the students of the Royal School of Magic stood up and rushed at the screamer.

Then, Alpheas Magic School also rushed in without losing and matched the numbers.

In the end, the party atmosphere became vicious due to the conflict between the two schools, and the remaining three schools only watched the situation seriously.

“Let’s try it, what is it? Not to be arrogant that the local villagers gave me a little lift!”

The electric monster lichen viciously tore its mouth and pretended to come in with both hands.

“Puhahaha! Long story short? Okay, if you're confident, go for it. I will make you the greatest idiot who died before the graduation exam.”

"joy! Do you think we don't have schema users? If it weren't for the magic control device, you would be wiped out today!"

Maya stomped her feet at the rising high pitched voice.

“It’s a big deal. We shouldn't fight today."

Cayden said, gently blocking his way.

"are you okay. Nothing will happen.”

At least Maya would.

“Come out now! Are you just having a blast today? Shall we see who is the best in the kingdom?”

At the provocation of the Royal Magic School, Fermi came to the scene in delight.

"That's right. In that sense, I suggest a fun game... … .”

“Fermi, you shut up!”

Everyone who knew Fermi shouted.

“Never think of interfering!”

Fermi makes a mess of everything.

“Hmm, it’s a magical power control device.”

Dante, who had taken a seat at a nearby table, was thinking while passing his glass, when a man with curly red hair down left and right approached from the royal side.

“Long time no see, Dante.”

It was Curtis, who once competed at the Royal Magic School.

“Were you there too?”

“Haha, there’s no need to pretend you don’t know. You’re all in the spirit anyway.”

“Do you think I will look at that magazine?”

A year ago, Dante was fed up with interview requests coming in from all directions.

Curtis, who was silent for a moment, regained his composure.

“You know what I regret most about graduation? I mean, I never got to see you in the royal palace.”

“Did you hear that graduation is absolutely possible?”

"of course. I'm not proud of it, but it's number one in the Royal Magic School.”

I was proud.

“You are number two. It seems that even Dante's limits have been revealed.”

Who would have known that Dante, who was once regarded as the best talent in the kingdom, would be defeated by an unknown named Sirone and lose the top spot to a returning student named Fermi?

“Well, it could be. If you are confident, try drying it.”

Dante pointed at Fermi with the glass in his hand.

'Huh, my pride was hurt. This is the price for ignoring me, Dante.'

Judging so, Curtis walked to the scene.

“Everyone, stop.”

As the students on the royal side kept silent at the appearance of the first ranker, Fermi turned to Sabina and said.

"saw? Even if you’re the same first place, the treatment is different.”

"I know that? You are the best when you are quiet.”

Curtis came over and shook hands.

“I apologize on behalf of the Royal Magic School. let's stop here There's nothing good about making a fuss at the association, right?”

Fermi joined hands.

“I would love to, but as you can see, our school has a tradition of ignoring first place.”

“Are you going to try to the end?”

"no. It's for someone who will be able to speak.”

“Who is that? Dante?”

“Here he comes.”

Fermi pointed with his hand, and all 149 people turned to the door.

"what? What's the mood like? Aren't you having a party?"

Sirone was blinking with an innocent face.

---------------------------------------