[9] Opportunities worth more than life (5)

grand banquet hall.

Sirone arrived on time. Ryan came first and was waiting.

It was as if the battle had already begun. The two looked at each other from a distance without approaching.

"Let's begin."

The weapon Lian chose was the same long sword as Sirone.

Ogent's swordsmanship, which boasts a domineering and exciting swordsmanship, was more suitable for a greatsword than a longsword.

However, that was when the schema was possible, so it was more like choosing a custom weapon rather than being considerate of Sirone.

Sirone was in the posture of Jung Jung-dong from the beginner level swordsmanship. It was a simple move, but even in Lian's eyes, his center of gravity was much more well-placed than before.

'really… … Is that possible?'

Lian saw Rai again from Sirone. Suddenly, I had this thought. That kid might not have really learned swordsmanship.

'But how can I stay calm? Aren't you afraid of death?'

Even Lian, who had trained with the sword for 16 years, was afraid of death. That's why it was to boost his confidence while pushing his body to the limit.

On the other hand, Sirone did not have the same courage as Lian. He was a herbivore who loved peace and hated fighting.

However, intelligence always pursues the highest efficiency. Analyzing the fear of the sword as the greatest risk factor in this confrontation, Sirone tried to find a solution and finally got an answer.

If you can't overcome your fear, you just have to understand it.

In sword philosophy, this is called 'jumping off a cliff'. Any human can jump off a cliff. If only he didn't recall the fact that he would die.

For example, some parts of the world do not feel fear. There are various occupations such as powerful people, businessmen, and criminals, but the common point is that they do not imagine the results in advance.

Serial killers only pursue momentary pleasure and do not think about death when they are arrested. Some dictators enjoy a leisurely dinner even when rebels have broken through the gates. For them, the future is an illusion that does not even exist for 0.1 seconds.

Sirone imagined standing at the edge of a cliff. Then he put his right foot in the air, followed by his left foot.

Sirone did not crash. If you didn't imagine the future, the outside of the cliff was just about to fall.

'It didn't fall until it fell. You are not dead until you die.'

The reason why intelligence is sometimes more fearsome than courage is that it understands the nature of danger.

Also, the spirit of Sirone that was frozen like that resulted in a dramatic increase in the spirit zone's sense of stability.

“Goaaaaaa!”

At the same time as Sirone entered the Spirit Zone, Lian came close.

A flash seemed to draw in front of Sirone's eyes. It was definitely a thrilling swordsmanship that was on a different level from that of a mountaineer.

But Sirone also had a spirit zone. 

With his synesthesia, he clearly felt the sword's trajectory and avoided the attack with his eyes wide open.

Ryan's expression turned to bewilderment. It was absolutely impossible for beginners to see the movements of the real sword with their own eyes.

However, the skill of the sword is also infinite. There were definitely things that Sirone couldn't predict. As the blade cut through Sirone's chest, the spirit zone shook momentarily.

Sirone's heart sank. If this is the case, you will be left without a hitch.

However, Lian's subsequent attack was unexpectedly violent. Thanks to this, Sirone was able to escape death by blowing up his body.

'Why such an attack?'

It was over when he cut his side in the shortest distance without having to exert much effort. However, Lian, as if not noticing Sirone's shaking, took a big move to win.

'Maybe my understanding of swordsmanship is lower than I thought?'

Sirone's thoughts were correct. Lian, who lacked insight, was good at swordsmanship itself, but his realization of the essence of swordsmanship was poor.

Sirone lowered Lian's skills. It was foolish to give up any room for a counterattack to set the enemy too strong. He had no choice but to take risks to win the match.

As Sirone's counterattack began, the tension of death increased and Lian's stamina was rapidly exhausted. When dozens of sums continued like that, Lian was shocked.

'shit! It can't be like this! It can't be like this!'

The opponent's technique was only basic slashing. Even so, it was difficult to stop. I was only aiming for the unstoppable part.

Rai's face suddenly came to mind. In a confrontation two years ago, his older brother had defeated Lian with one hand. Rai's face as he licked his lips and made a sneer was still vivid in my mind.

"Do not be ridiculous! I will become the best swordsman in the world!”

The more Rian bumped into her, the more she wondered. what the hell is this boy You don't want to win? Why do you insist? Does he do what he thinks?

'uh? Huh?'

Sirone gradually realized that he was being pushed back. At some point, his opponent's movements were not being read. Lian's sword, which he wielded with confidence, began to approach Sirone with an unpredictable difficulty.

“Don’t lose! I will definitely jump over it!”

Rian jumped on the winning flag and drove Sirone. Sirone's stamina was rapidly draining. So far, I have been efficiently distributing my stamina, but there is an absolute difference anyway. It felt like the sword was becoming heavy.

“This is it!”

Rian, who came running with her longsword hanging down, struck Sirone up as if splitting his chin. Sirone also struck down his sword with all his strength.

With a clanging sound, a sword soared into the sky and pierced the other side of the gymnasium.

Silence prevailed.

The two took a deep breath and glared at each other.

Ryan slowly lowered his gaze and looked down. I saw Sirone's sword aiming at his own pit.

Just before the swords collided, Sirone swung her wrist like a whirlwind and raised Lian's sword from bottom to top. In addition to his inertia, Lian, whose stamina fell as the impact was applied, eventually let go of the sword.

It was not a technique I tried with confidence. Just a difference in understanding of swordsmanship. He took the risk thinking that only attacks that could cut him were real.

Sirone did not relax. He wanted to lie down right away, but he couldn't let go of his hard-earned life.

“Ah, I lost.”

Rian admitted defeat coolly.

“Ah, I lost. lost.”

Lian scratched her head annoyedly, but the miasma had already disappeared. I trained to the limit and fought to the best of my ability. So, there was no regret left.

“You won. I lost the battle, so I have nothing to say even if I kill you.”

It was not a childish remark. But Sirone was even more displeased with it. Can there be such a thing without iron?

“Are you kidding me?”

"what?"

“If I kill the young master, do you know how I can live? To say such nonsense.”

“I am! What does it matter? Is that something you would say to someone who risked their lives, that's it!"

“Your life must have been staked only by the young boy! I was just fighting for my life! What the hell makes no sense starting from this absurd confrontation, is it possible that the young master didn’t want to train in the first place and put the blame on me with what he hid?”

Ryan was taken aback. Isn't it normal for normal men to have lines that, if not heartwarming, can feel the hot and heavy taste after a fight?

However, this was the momentum to eat it with male nagging.

“Hey man! Who puts the blame on you? It's because your behavior is so petty! Even if it's the first time we've seen each other, it's normal to show loyalty in such a situation!"

“You sound like loyalty!” 

“What is it, man?”

Sirone cried. For a month, I was preoccupied with the problem at hand and had no time to think about other things, but when the work was over, I couldn't control my anger.

“Is that loyalty? Have you ever thought about the burden a rank butler must bear between the son of the head of household and the master swordsman? Did you ask me for that even knowing that?”

"huh? yeah... … .”

Ryan blinked his eyes. Sirone's nagging was an unfamiliar attack to Lian, who had learned from being beaten every day.

“If you are truly a man of loyalty, you should have been ashamed of burdening a mere butler and stood before the swordsmanship master on your own. Isn’t that a really cool and loyal act?”

Ryan was silent for a long time. From the way he repeatedly smacked his lips, Sirone was able to grasp his personality.

I'm not the type to make up words. 

I didn't do it because I had nothing to say. 

But Shirone, who didn't want to see it even more, gave up even nagging and sat down.

“Ha, you really almost died.”

Lian looked closely at the chattering Sirone. The strongest opponent who overcame the fear of death and pushed himself disappeared, and it seemed as if a child was just sitting there.

Who are you? It was clear that he was a genius. But he wasn't Rai. Unlike his older brother, who slashed the sword with one hand and threw arsenic, that boy dealt with him with all his might.

“What is your name?”

Sirone raised her head. When I sat and looked at him, Lian's size seemed bigger.

“This is Ariane Sirone.”

“I am Ogent Lian.”

It was funny that nobles and commoners were making a statement, but what was even more absurd was this. Do you really think we don't know the name of the youngest son in the family?

Lian walked on, not paying attention to Sirone's sullen expression. Sirone's head went up even more. Lian suddenly held out a hand the size of a pot lid and spoke in a thick voice.

"let's be friends. how is it?"

The first step towards your dream (1)

It's been a year since I entered the Ogent family. 

Sirone turned 17, and more than 7,000 books in the Great Library were lost. 

Temuran gave out his tongue at the phenomenal speed of work, but Sirone had already foreseen it. As the number of classified books decreases, it is natural that efficiency accelerates.

In his opinion, everything in the world seemed to be subject to acceleration rather than constant velocity. Even if the start was slow, if you didn't give up and worked hard, you could reach your goal faster than expected.

Only about 200 books remain out of the target of 850 historical books. The average amount of reading was over three books a day, and in a few months the spine of knowledge I dreamed of would be complete.

Besides that, he experienced swordsmanship and understood the nature of fear. Thanks to this, I was able to dramatically increase the durability of the Spirit Zone.

In this way, the time he spent a year was fruitful and beneficial.

But none of the benefits could compare to Sirone's first sincere friend.

“There are too many books. My family must have read all of this?”

Lian, who was sitting on the floor, muttered while looking at the book. When she first met Sirone, she found that Rian had a lot of affection and a charming personality. Should we say that she is the youngest member of an aristocratic family?

Sirone said as she arranged her books on top of the ladder.

"of course. The head of the household and the little boy visit the library often.”

“Sheesh, smart people are good. There are so many things I know how to do.”

When Rian threw down the book she was reading, Sirone, who came down from the ladder, picked it up and nagged at it.

“Don’t throw it carelessly. If you damage even one copy, I will die.”

“I don’t like that either. Does it make sense that books are more important than people's lives? Even if you burn down the library, don't worry, I'll protect you.”

“If you stay still, that will never happen, so please be careful.”

Never once did an unfamiliar word come out of Sirone's mouth. She is firm and strict, but not cold. Lian liked that sirone.

"It's nice to be with you, but I'm dying of frustration because I'm stuck in the library."

“Why are you dying here? How about training?”

“Basic training only. He said he wanted to study at the library.”

Sirone trembled.

“Then you should study quickly. What are you doing?”

"I'm bored! I'm bored! I'm bored!"

Lian struggled with his limbs and acted like a child. 

Sirone turned away as if ignoring it and headed for the desk. I wasn't particularly worried about Lian's laziness. If he was water, Rihanna was fire. He is a fire that, once ignited, grows out of control.

---------------------------------------