[325] Second outing (3)

“This is the ice queen. She is as pretty as rumored.”

“Eight hundred years ago, it was an era when wizards were denounced as witches. In a sense, you can say that she is a woman of misfortune.”

Amy told a brief story about the Ice Queen.

The Ice Queen was originally a wizard.

At that time, the priesthood ruled, so he lived hiding his identity, but there was no way to hide his beautiful appearance.

When the woman's beauty spread through word of mouth to the royal castle, the old king personally summoned her. The king fell in love with her at first sight and took her as his queen.

However, darkness was already growing in her heart, who had been pursued by the Holy Church all her life.

Hundreds of innocent people were tortured and died in the name of sorcery experiments.

As people died, the queen's magical power grew stronger. As her magic power grew stronger, her queen went mad.

Wizards are extremely rare. This is because the series itself is a job that strengthens the spirit.

However, if the mind is destroyed for any reason, a serious situation occurs that is different from the mental illness of ordinary people.

As the spirit and magic become assimilated, the magical power becomes uncontrollable.

Wizards called this phenomenon magic match.

Maddened by madness, the queen froze everything around her.

Her room, lined with icicles, reminded her of an ice cave in the North Pole.

Furniture such as beds and dressing tables, as well as handmaids and servants who used to help, were frozen to death.

As the situation grew out of control, the king built a small castle in the Leth Mountains and made her the queen there. Her word was her queen, and it was tantamount to exile.

But even there the Queen's eccentricities did not stop.

The first test subjects were dozens of attendants. When they all died, this time they captured the people and continued the cruel experiment.

After a year, no one was left in the small castle in the Leth Mountains.

But the queen was satisfied. This is because she finally reached the desired state after a long experiment.

“I will sleep in a place where even time is frozen. The day I return, the world will kneel at my feet.”

The queen casts her last spell and encloses herself in a huge block of ice.

That was the anecdote related to the last appearance of the Ice Queen that Sirone was watching.

“Hmm, that’s right.”

Sirone moved a little closer to the Ice Queen.

After hearing the anecdote, I felt a sense of reality. The way he closed his eyes and went into hibernation also looked like a person from 800 years ago was actually sleeping.

Amy finished the story.

“Perhaps she was tormented by guilt even in the face of her mind being destroyed? So it seems that she devoted herself to magic that even made her freeze.”

“It could be. If true, that would be great.”

Wizards cannot die from the magic they cast.

Although not impossible in theory, it required a will that transcended omnipotence to cast self-harming magic.

“Because if the Spirit Zone is shaken, the magic won't be activated. It's something ordinary wizards can't even try.”

"Hmm, maybe it's closely related to the magical power matching phenomenon?"

Sirone stroked his chin and fell into thought.

Amy burst into laughter at his unnecessarily serious look.

“What is so serious? It's just a legend anyway. It's unclear if the Ice Queen is even a real person of hers. There is a theory that she was modeled after a violent queen at the time. She says that the one trapped in the ice is just a doll made of wax.”

Sirone knew that the winter festival was not based on real history.

"huh. But it looks so real.”

Even Amy acknowledged the doll's sophistication. Since she is the main character of the festival, it was only natural that she put so much effort into it.

Sirone and Amy moved closer to see the queen trapped in the ice.

At that moment, the Ice Queen's eyes flashed open.

“Aww! what!"

Sirone and Amy simultaneously hugged each other and stepped back.

Tourists turned their heads at the sound of screams. However, he soon realized what was going on and burst into laughter.

Realizing that she was being held in Sirone's arms, Amy hurriedly escaped.

Her face flushed with embarrassment, she stomped on the floor and shouted.

“Bah, you idiot! There's a device on the floor. If you step on it, the doll's eyes will open.”

“Who knew? And you're surprised, too."

“Who is surprised? It's because your voice is so loud. Anyway, men have a lot of fear.”

Sirone pointed at Amy's pale face.

"haha! Your face is pale for that?”

“… … Oh, so what? Shall I make your face paler? If you vomit your stomach, you'll get sick of it like soup.”

As Amy approached, stroking her fists, Sirone, who quietly averted her gaze, looked down at the floor and murmured.

"If you're surprised, you can say you're surprised, I'm not a bully... … .”

"what? bully? yes i'm a thug What do you want?”

Amy sharpened her fist and pecked at Sirone's side. Sirone, his ribs throbbing, fled down the hallway, struggling with his arms.

“Ha ha ha! don't do it! It tickles me!”

“Where are you running away! Aren't you coming?”

Their voices echoed through the hall.

Tourists didn't even care.

It was a festival ground, and a great date spot for lovers.

However, after discovering Sirone and Amy, the three students from Ains Magic School couldn't take their eyes off of them.

To be precise, they were the graduates who passed the graduation exam this time.

Eins Magic School, one of the two magic schools in Creas, wasn't as prestigious as Alpheas Magic School, so the awareness was low.

Above all, even after graduating, you couldn't automatically acquire a magician's license like in a prestigious school.

Of course, the reality is that if you submit a diploma, most guilds give you a wizard license. However, it was true that considering the privileges of graduates of prestigious schools, their pride as fellow graduates was hurt.

“The couple over there… … Aren't they pretty famous?"

Ludvans pointed at the railing with his chin.

He was tall and had curly hair, and he looked much more mature than his age because he was wearing long colored glasses.

“Oh, is that so?”

Vivian also recognized Sirone and Amy at a glance. Perhaps it was her complex that the corners of her eyes drooped a bit, she was a girl who drew her eye lines more fiercely than others.

Like most magic school students, they were constantly reading the Spirit Journal.

Most of the pages are occupied by the introduction of prestigious schools or students, but the sales performance of academic journals was much higher in non-prestigious schools.

In the case of a prestigious school, there is no need to buy books and read articles about the school they attend or the rivals they compete with.

“Arian Sirone and Karmis Amy. what? Come to think of it, Zocre, do you know Amy?”

“Of course you know very well.”

Zocre, the party's leader, pursed his lips.

He was of medium height, with bushy hair, narrow eyes and thin lips, revealing a stubborn personality.

For Zocre, Alpheas Magic School was a painful past.

It was because he had taken classes there until he was thirteen and then transferred to Eins Magic School.

The fact that he confessed to Amy just before he transferred and got dumped was a secret that even Ludvans and Vivian did not know.

Of course, he did not transfer schools just because he was dumped by a girl.

It would not be an exaggeration to say that the best talents in the kingdom would gather when they reached the top 5 prestigious schools like Alpheas Magic School.

Moderate talent is only a fertilizer for geniuses.

Zocre thought he couldn't win the competition and sought another way to transfer school.

In fact, most of the students attended prestigious schools and did not graduate until they were old enough.

From that point of view, it could be said that Zocre's judgment was excellent.

However, looking back at the reality, it was extremely rare to transfer from a prestigious school to a non-prestigious school.

It must be because prestigious families have their own pride.

Pioneering a different path to avoid competition seemed like running away from the students' point of view.

Before entering the magic school, they were all talented people who were praised as geniuses, so sky-high self-esteem must have played a part.

'joy! Whether it's a prestigious name or a signboard, it's all just bluff. What's the point of pride when you can't produce results?'

Zokre had always thought that way.

However, it is also true that if you ask yourself if you have any regrets about leaving the prestigious school, the answer will not come out immediately.

"oh my god. I never thought I would see them here.”

Vivian was memorizing everything about Sirone and Amy. He could be confident that, confined to school life, he knew more than their families.

It was a common occurrence for students of non-prestigious schools. This is because the students who are introduced in Spirit journals are the goals and idols they want to become.

“That boy is Shirone. You're the one who beat Dante, who boasts an undefeated record. In addition, the red-faced Karmis Amy. I heard that the two are lovers, but the rumors seem to be true.”

The word lover drove a nail into Zocre's heart. The fact that his heart was beating fast when he saw Amy even after five years had passed made him even more angry.

“Anyway, it’s a student nabbing. You don't pass the graduation exam because you hang on to prestigious schools. to be anxious. No need to be intimidated. We are regular wizards.”

Having said that, Zocre muttered to himself.

'I haven't gotten my license yet... … .'

After all, he is not the snoring Zokre he was when he was thirteen. He proudly graduated from magic school and is currently undergoing formal wizarding procedures.

Amy, on the other hand, had failed her graduation exams in a spectacular way, so when will she ever get a chance to show off more than this?

“Let’s go. Since we haven't seen each other in a while, shouldn't we say hello?"

Ludvans, following behind Zocre, added a word with a polite expressionless face.

“Of course, from the senior position, right?”

Shirone, unaware of the approach of Zocre and his party, was gathered at the end of the corridor on the 1.5th floor and was being lynched by Amy.

“Ahaha! okay! Wrong! Stop now!”

“You are laughing. It's just the beginning!"

Amy, whose mischief was triggered, stabbed even more persistently at a vital point among Sirone's ribs.

Sirone's laughter exploded like a bomb.

"huh? Where did you hear that voice?"

A handsome boy who was looking around the history exhibition hall on the third floor heard their voices and turned his head toward the railing.

On the 1.5th floor, where the Ice Queen is displayed, I could see Sirone and Amy fooling around from a high angle.

“Are you here for a date?”

Apparently, Sirone brought Amy to comfort Amy, who had failed the graduation exam.

The boy watched until there and turned away without thinking.

'Well, that has nothing to do with me. Let's turn off the attention.'

In addition to having a personality that doesn't care about other people's affairs, it was absolutely undesirable for her to intervene, especially between men and women.

'Where is the antique art exhibition?'

The boy sucked the straw of the iced coffee in his hand and disappeared into the depths of the exhibition hall.

After finishing the grappling, Sirone and Amy went up to the second floor.

At the end of the collapsed wall, a rainbow bridge made of ice was installed to cross over to the spire on the other side.

"Wow, it's pretty."

Precision craftsmanship was put into the decoration of the balustrade, and when standing in the center of the arch, the ice garden spread across the castle grounds could be seen at a glance.

After passing the rainbow bridge and going over to the spire on the other side, there was a mini game room installed.

It was a game in which you had to defeat the target in the picture of the soldier standing on the watchtower on the other side, but the throwing weapon was snow that was scattered all over the place.

"now! Challenge yourself. 10 silver for 10 snowballs. If you defeat the soldiers, you will receive the Ice Queen's stuffed toy.”

After hearing the moderator's explanation, Sirone turned her attention to the Ice Queen's doll in the product section.

It was a three-headed doll that could be held in one's arms, but it was smiling brightly with big, sparkling eyes.

It was a completely different atmosphere from the witches in the legends I heard in anecdotes.

---------------------------------------