[162] Clay Marsha (6)

“I don’t even know anymore. What kind of person is your sister? Why is everything a lie? What can you gain by deceiving people like that?”

“Why should I tell you? You're trying to use me anyway! If it's really for me, leave it like this! Then I'll trust you! huh? Really! So just go!”

“You ask what the hell is real!”

Marsha's shoulders jumped up at Sirone's remark.

“Don’t just say it hurts, tell me where and how it hurts! That won't decide if I leave or not! Because you paint the world with all sorts of lies... … .”

Sirone, who came close to Marsha, raised her fist and shouted.

“You can’t really see how sick your sister is!”

At that moment, a strong voice was heard from behind.

“Marsha! No eh eh!”

Amy and Tess looked back. Freeman, his eyes widened, was galloping toward Sirone at breakneck speed.

"Nonsense! I must have been hit directly in the face.”

Amy was startled as if she had seen a ghost. Although she was shocked by the impact of the flame strike, she couldn't come back alive with her face burned.

“I know who will let them pass… … !”

The moment Tess got in his way, Freeman jumped up. With his tremendous leaping power, he easily surpassed Tess's height, took out his gun and flew at Sirone.

Rian turned and swung a straight sword at Freeman. His muscles were sore, but all efforts were wasted if he missed Freeman here.

“Aaaaaaaaa!”

Freeman was also under the slow magic without exception. It was a self-evident fact that Rian's sword would have two sides.

But he didn't back down. We must protect Marsha. He had to somehow keep Marsha away from Sirone.

At that moment, both Lian and Freeman stopped in motion, looking equally shocked. Lian's sword did not cut Freeman, and Freeman did not reach Sirone either.

It was because Sirone, who had sensed the situation behind him, suddenly let go of Slo.

The fact that the same effect can be expected for both on and off modes was an advantage that only time magic had.

Meanwhile, Sirone's fist was swinging in a huge trajectory.

Marsha could only watch. The fist of a cruel boy who comes to break everything of her own.

Sirone's fist hit Marsha's face. Marsha, who turned her head, collapsed on the spot as if in shock.

“Hey, Marsha.”

Freeman's face went pale. Marsha also couldn't accept the reality. Staring at the ground with a stunned expression, she looked as if she had already died.

Sirone realized that the magic had returned. On the other hand, Marsha's mind no longer contained any magic.

“Marsha… … .”

Freeman approached with a sad expression. The subordinates who returned from the space movement magic circle appeared behind the building. But no one was coming close.

Marsha is down. Because I know what it means.

"are you okay?"

Freeman's voice was quiet as he asked Marsha. His jaw twitched so much that he could see his teeth clenched.

“Yeah, it’s okay.”

Marsha tried to smile. In the face of the fact that can never be changed, do humans become aloof?

He was smiling, but most of his emotions were volatilized. It was as if the soul had gone out and only the shell remained.

Amy had no intention of sympathizing. She was none other than Shirone's life, and she was the one who tried to destroy it.

“It’s self-employed! Hopefully it won't end like this. The ability to steal the opponent's magic, there must be a price waiting for you, right?"

Marsha was not angry. That's what equivalent exchange is. If you didn't make up your mind to become like this, the magic wouldn't even activate from the beginning.

“Yes, the condition for canceling the extortion is to touch my body. Then the magic will return. And the cost of that... … I am telling him this.”

Marsha turned to where Sirone was standing and sat down. She then opened her mouth with a terrified expression on her face.

“You can hug me.”

Tess frowned in embarrassment.

“What, what?”

To bet something like this because there was nothing to bet in return. What kind of woman could be so frivolous?

But Sirone knew. Extortion is an ability that can never be obtained without risking a price equivalent to death.

The spell that had to kill her adoptive father that night was a reenactment of memories she would rather not die than recall.

Rian, who had finally guessed the situation, said in displeasure.

“What the hell is this for? There's no way Sirone would do something like that. What if Sirone refuses?”

said Freeman.

“Then Marsha dies. Her life will be lost the moment she refuses, according to her own rules.”

When the word of death came out, Tess waved her hands in a hurry, as if the words were getting tangled.

“Isn’t that something you can’t do? Where the hell is this law? Amy, say something too. Doesn't this make sense? right?"

“Don't ask me. It's for Sirone to decide."

Amy's heart was disturbed as well. Sirone is not one to hurt a woman in this way. However, it was a problem that she did not know what kind of responsibility she felt when she was holding her life.

"okay. Because I think it's better to live than to die. I'll make you pay for it myself.”

Sirone made her decision and walked towards Marsha. This time, Amy couldn't help but feel her heart pounding.

Freeman, who had been silent, suddenly interrupted Sirone. Unknowingly, his body moved. He was a pure love that could not be helped.

But in the end, he had no choice but to leave.

"request. Save Marsha.”

Marsha closed her eyes and waited. She shuddered as if she were stepping on an operating table for the first time, but on the other hand, she wondered if this was the case.

damn trauma. Even if he wanted to cut it out, he could not help but feel like he would be relieved if someone ironed the memory like an enemy that he couldn't help but feel refreshed.

"I'm sorry, Freeman."

Marsha was the first to say sorry. Freeman, knowing what he meant, backed off with her head down.

Sirone approached Marsha's side.

Trauma is dangerous because it holds both the present and the future to events in the past. Perhaps she hadn't lived a future since that day.

“Can we go to a place where the two of us are alone? Please."

“You don’t have to. Enough here too.”

Marsha opened her eyes and looked at Sirone's expression. But he was still calm.

What are you thinking? He did not even know that he was planning to kill him while risking his life to torture his hopes.

'but… … I've done that.'

He robbed magic and raised countless medicines. Perhaps Sirone had experienced the end of his life. I could understand the desire to relieve his anger in this way.

Sirone supported Marsha's back and pulled her upper body. She did as she was told. No matter what she asked for, she would only pay a higher price.

Holding Marsha's face in her chest, Sirone whispered in her ear in a small voice.

“I hugged you.”

Marsha just blinked. Then she realized what Sirone was thinking and frowned at her. & nbsp;

What kind of child's play is this?

“What are you doing?”

“I hugged my sister. I want a hug.”

“Don’t play around. Do you think it will end like this? Are you mocking me?”

“I told you, I will never give up.”

“Let go! I don't want cheap sympathy! Do you think you look great this way? Just hug me! You're mad at me! Revenge as much as you want!”

According to the master's rules, Marsha could not harm Sirone. But even if she struggled, Sirone had no intention of letting go.

“You bastard! A lump of pretense! You scumbag!”

“Your sister is a good person.”

Sirone said while stroking Marsha's hair.

“Your sister is different from Arcane. You can tell just by looking at how many people follow. Even if it's false, then that's it. No one knows what other people are thinking, even if it's not my sister. I mean I don't know just believe and live Even if no one trusts you, you can trust yourself. If you truly love someone, there must be people in the world who love you with the same heart.”

"no! It can't be! what do you know What do you know, you say such a thing!”

Marsha, dedicated to evil, denied Sirone's words. But when she realized that her tears were running down her cheeks, she stopped her words in surprise.

Even now, my heart is not sad at all. But why are the tears flowing?

"uh? Come on? Why are the tears suddenly... … .”

How tightly closed was it that tears flowed first before emotions could be opened?

But not anymore. As the memories of her that she had left in her sealed state rose to consciousness, Marsha finally came face to face with her own trauma for the first time.

It was one day when I was 17. 

Marsha, who was lying on the floor and staring at the ceiling, was approaching Marsha, smelling of alcohol.

Always the same situation, always the same violence.

Marsha was conscious of the dagger hidden behind her back. The cold touch seemed to freeze my skin.

“You can hug me.”

The adoptive father raised his eyes as if in shock.

Marsha still vividly remembered the monstrous feelings that filled her adoptive father's pupils.

Marsha grabbed the dagger. he was coming He was in a situation where he had no choice but to stab.

But at this moment, the father she imagined was different from the father she remembered.

Raising her upper body, her father buried her face in her chest and gently stroked her back.

“I’m sorry so far, Marsha. you are my daughter.”

The word I wanted to hear the most in the world.

The moment I remembered that one word, the door to my heart that had been closed was completely opened. Emotions that had been suppressed for 10 years burst out and I couldn't control my tears.

“Black! Whoops!”

Marsha, embraced by Sirone, burst into tears.

“Aww! dad! Daddy!”

Sirone didn't say anything. She was just stroking her back.

"dad! why did you do that! Sorry! I'm sorry, Dad!”

The truth is, I wanted to hug him like this. No matter how violent he was, he hoped that the man who took him in as an orphan would remain his father to the end.

“It's okay, sister. It's fine now.”

Marsha's past was breaking. It was reconstructed as a little bit harder memory and was turning into hope to live in the future.

“Aaaaaagh! dad! dad… … !”

Freeman checked the time.

It was time for her rules to be applied already. But Marsha was still alive.

“What happened? What's the situation?"

Only the two of them should have known what the feelings that had passed between Marsha and Sirone were. Therefore, others were still on their guard.

Freeman explained.

“The extortion has been lifted. Sirone has undone her magic.”

"Nonsense. It's okay to hug me, but did you really mean that it would end if I just hugged you? Where is the price for that?”

Freeman hesitated to answer. It was natural for Amy, who had no context in her heart, to think so.

However, if you look deeper, it is not a matter of language.

Sirone opened Marsha's closed heart. She's shattered the shell she'd surrounded herself with by eating out on her diet and gave her a new path.

“Sirone didn't cancel the robbery. He canceled Marsha's power by canceling the condition itself for extortion. Marsha's deprivation doesn't exist anymore.”

Freeman smiled bitterly. Maybe it didn't matter what Marsha's real pain was to Sirone. From the beginning, he had intended to embrace everything.

'I couldn't... … . It's our complete defeat.'

“Aww! Aaaaaa!”

Marsha's tears showed no signs of drying. She knows her too. The fact that the door may not open again if it is not today.

Numerous memories of living in the past were sinking into the abyss in 10 years.

late lunch (1)

20 minutes passed after the battle.

The men of the Parrot Mercenary Corps sat down to rest and treated the injured area according to Liando Tess' first aid.

Meanwhile, Marsha was still in Sirone's arms.

There were no more tears. But she was enjoying her afterglow as her body trembled intermittently.

---------------------------------------