[556] Steel door again (1)

Even though they are incarnations of the same banya, the depth contained in them is completely different, so just by facing them, Sirone felt pressure.

Sirone, who has just reached the end, and the stage of the labyrinth beyond the mystery cannot be the same.

“Don't be nervous. I won't die.”

It made me even more nervous because it meant anything was possible except dying.

'Sibulsang bombing... … .'

Miro glanced up at the stern face of the light angel, whether or not he knew what he was feeling.

No incarnation can manifest anything more than itself.

'Intimacy of Light, Particles of God, Ataraxia, Valhalla Action... … .'

A lot of experience and skills must have formed a light angel, but Miro couldn't help but think of the influence of someone who doesn't exist now.

'Maclein Guffin.'

If Maze divides one second into extremes, Sirone destroys the boundary of one second.

An art of incarnation that integrates the properties of particles and waves, which are the characteristics of light.

'If you reach the state of baramil... … .'

Even she couldn't imagine what the outcome of the poem bombing would be.

“It begins.”

As Miro slowly twisted her body and assumed an attacking stance, Sirone also pulled back one foot and prepared to accept it.

As Hwashin's posture changed accordingly, the tension soared to the limit.

'Thousands Arms Guanyin Lightning Field.'

Even before Miro's expression or posture changed, the incarnation moved.

In the space of one second, which was divided into thousands of pieces, Thousand Arms Kannon's consecutive strikes overlapped 1,000 times and landed on Sirone's head.

'Wowaaaaa... … .'

Seeing Kannon's attack for the first time, Sirone shuddered as if she had been electrocuted.

Could the human mind sink so deep?

'I have to avoid it!'

The light angel permeated into the body, and Sirone quickly twisted her body.

'It hit!'

As Miro opened her eyes wide in conviction, a thousand intestines slammed into the floor.

And Sirone had already moved to the right along a gap in time that Maze couldn't perceive.

"omg! omg!"

Although she controlled her strength, because she was sincere, Miro gave Sirone a smile of approval as he exhaled heavily.

"Pass. Congratulations, Sirone. This is the end of training.”

As soon as the word "end" clicked into her brain like a switch, Sirone's eyes gradually rolled upward.

“Ah, thanks… … .”

Due to the long-term asceticism and the shock of witnessing the Kannon's attack a while ago, there was no stamina left to endure.

Sirone fell asleep with a thump and couldn't get up, and Miro sighed and carried him back to the cabin.

It was around 4 in the morning.

* * *

“Mmm.”

Syrone opened her eyes, clearing her hazy mind as if she had been drugged.

'training!'

My body was first tense from repeated training every day, but when I recalled the words of Miro that remained at the end of my memory, my muscles soon relaxed.

“Right, it’s over.”

My body felt heavier than usual.

It will be your original weight that you have never felt before.

“You did it, really… … .”

Sirone raised her arms and clenched her fists.

After completing the training that seemed impossible, he obtained powerful incarnation techniques.

However, the biggest achievement I got from this training was the experience of overcoming myself countless times.

'This experience will bring another success.'

That's how it goes endlessly day by day.

“Mr. Miro?”

After fully recovering, Sirone slowly came out to the kitchen.

The maze was not visible, and only the grass porridge boiled in the morning lay there.

“… … .”

I have to say it now, but I knew for the first time that there was a taste that I couldn't adapt to.

It is not an exaggeration to say that it is the realm of a god to create a new bitter taste every time it is boiled.

"Because I'm not hungry yet."

Sirone, who dared to talk to herself and denied the reality, set out to find the maze.

When I opened the door to the training center bathed in the midday sun, Miro was immersed in meditation with only a few candles lit.

“Are you awake?”

"Ah yes."

I was worried that they would ask if I ate porridge, but luckily Miro just offered a seat.

"sit down."

As she waited cross-legged, her eyelids slowly opened.

“You did it, Sirone.”

"yes. It's thanks to Miro. thank you."

“You worked hard. There's not much time left until vacation. Let’s go down tomorrow.”

The thought of being able to meet her family filled Shirone's heart.

“But, you know, nothing has changed. In the future, you will face many trials. Both in her life as a human Sirone and in her life as a wizard.”

Sirone recalled what Miro had said before starting the training.

“I am determined.”

"okay. I was supposed to tell you when the training ended safely. As a senior at Magic School, as a victim who received the world’s attention before you did, I will tell you what you should do at school.”

As Sirone took a deep breath and waited for his words, Miro raised his index finger and explained the strategy.

“Once I go back to school… … .”

* * *

The West family in the central region of Tormia.

Nade, who spent the entire vacation in a warehouse, fell asleep excitedly with the start of school right around the corner.

You can meet friends.

Even though Sirone's life and death were unclear, the mere fact of being able to leave the house made her feel like flying.

But maybe it's because happiness doesn't suit him, that night, an event from long ago came back to life as a nightmare.

“Huhahaha! This guy is amazing!”

“Aaaaaaa!”

A notorious gang of bandits with hair cut like chicken combs was tying up Nade and giving him an electric shock.

"try! Try again!”

"Help me! Please save me!”

Electric shock at a young age was not only painful, but also unacceptable to the brain.

“Is this guy funny? Is it magic?”

“What kind of wizard is a little boy? Kid, did you really make this yourself?”

“Aaaagh!”

When another electric shock was applied, Nade's body shuddered wildly as he was having a nightmare.

He was covered in cold sweat, and his hands were clutching his chest in agony.

"don't do it… … don't do it… … .”

As bluish electricity radiated from Nade's body, metal parts strewn about in the warehouse began to vibrate and float into the air.

"die! die!"

The thieves persistently harassed Nade.

'mom mom… … why?'

Blood flowed from the burns all over his body.

Although her body felt like it was on fire, she felt resentful of the world in the pain she couldn't escape.

they will kill themselves

The saddest thing of all was the fact that no one would come to the rescue.

Because those who abandoned themselves and ran away will never come back.

"good! This time at full power!”

Nade had no choice but to watch as the claws of the generator he had made were attached to his body.

The switch went all the way up, and an uncontrollable current flowed through the child's body.

“Aaaaaaa!”

Nade woke up from the dream and raised his upper body with a scream.

At the same time, powerful electricity spread in all directions, and the whole warehouse was blown away with a loud bang.

“Heo-eok! Huh!”

Sitting on the bed that was on fire, Nade glared straight ahead with murderous eyes.

Then, realizing the situation in a hurry, I took off the clothes that were on fire and threw them away.

“Keugh!”

It's been more than 10 years, but there are still burn scars here and there on the body.

Aside from his family, Iruki was the only one who knew that he hadn't been in an accident during an experiment.

"what! what's the matter!"

The people who heard the explosion from the side of the mansion gathered around and looked at Ned with an absurd expression.

It was the reason why he stopped entering the mansion at some point.

He was accustomed to seeing people look at him with a fearful gaze, but there was one gaze he could never get used to.

A mother stood among the crowd.

Nade thought that his own expression must have been as distorted as hers was terribly distorted.

* * *

The first day of school at Alpheas Magic School has returned.

After hanging out with her family for a day, Sirone took the Ogent family's wagon and set off to school slowly.

The senior class had to pass through the steel gate apart from the opening ceremony, and Sirone had left the test, so it could be said that the time was leisurely.

Around the time the advanced class was noisily disbanding, senior students began to pass through the steel gate one by one.

Collie, the head teacher of the senior class who had been guarding them for a long time, greeted them with a smile as a sign of welcome to Hell.

Amy, Canis, Arin, Iruki, Nade, Dante and others, all of the students who were going uphill had an eerie glow in their eyes.

'Whoops, I'm in my senior year for this taste.'

Anyone who has completed the senior year schedule in the first half will realize that the fierce competition is beyond imagination.

That leads to special training, and when school starts again, it exudes a deadly energy like a well-forged sword.

'No one was disappointed. Everyone did their best. But only 10 of them can graduate.'

Even himself gets goosebumps, but how upset will the people concerned feel?

As such, it was a quiet atmosphere even after a long time reunion.

Iruki and Nade were approaching Amy and relaxing, but they weren't as energetic as before.

'There is no sirone. He was expecting a revenge battle.'

Kanis, who came back after finishing the terrifying special training during vacation, felt very sad about that.

“Long time no see, Amy.”

When Canis raised her hand, Amy greeted calmly as well.

“Yeah, it’s been a while. Arin, how have you been?”

While Arin shyly waved her hand, Canis pretended not to know and looked around.

“By the way, where is Sirone?”

“Sirone? why do you ask me that?”

Kanis, who blinked for a moment at Amy's irritated voice, smiled knowingly.

"Do not misunderstand. I just asked because you're close. I don't think I've ever been broken hearted.”

Amy's eyes lit up.

“What nonsense are you talking about? Wherever Sirone is, what does it have to do with me!”

“Okay, I got it.”

Canis, who usually prides herself on being Amy's nemesis, thought she shouldn't touch her this time.

However, the atmosphere was already a mourning house.

'Bad child. How could you leave like that? Now I don't even care No matter where you die.'

As Amy left with a pouting face, Iruki and Nade looked back at each other.

“What happened? Iruki, didn't you hear something from your father?"

"at all. I couldn't even talk much because I was training. I won't tell you even if you ask."

"okay… … . Are you not going to return to school? No, before that, were you still alive?”

said Fermi, crossing between them.

“He is not someone who dies easily.”

“What is that child? Just like you know.”

Nade grumbled at Fermi's back, but Iruki just kept silent.

“27 people. It seems everyone has gathered.”

As Collie said, Eider was still in the hospital and Maya and Sirone refused to be evaluated, so they didn't have to attend.

“Now, today is the start of a new competition. I will introduce the schedule for the second half, so please follow me.”

As the students were about to move along with Collie, the screamer who was looking behind them pointed to the steel door.

"what? Is there another person coming?"

"huh? me, that... … .”

The pupils of the graduating class shook in shock.

A blonde boy, not even carrying a backpack, was walking uphill in a secluded way.

“Sirone?”

It was only after hearing Nade's words that Amy realized that it was real, and her heart began to beat.

"hi? long time no see."

No one said anything, but as if she had already expected it, Sirone calmly looked back at her friends and said.

“I’m back, boys.”

---------------------------------------