[26] What money can't buy (1)

Black Magician.

A study group formed by six troubled children, led by Jake.

Excluding Jake, it was a group of students who had no dreams or a future, who always failed in promotions.

There was a time when they, too, were once spotlighted as brilliant talents. If I had the courage to try again, I could have won someday.

But they gave up the competition themselves. In a way, they were the only losers in the cold competition.

“I can’t do this. Something is wrong.”

Jake shook his head. Even if it was Amy, it was impossible for the Black Magician to lose to a freshman who had just entered the school.

"okay. not lost It was just unlucky.”

So far, the students Jake had dropped out had high grades that couldn't be compared to Sirone's. In the end, it was just bad luck. When you live in the world, don't you often have days like that?

'It's not over yet. I am class four It's fundamentally different from those who stab people in the back with anti-magic.'

Sirone read Jake's life story and was nervous. I could feel Jake's Spirit Zone, which had turned into a star, through synesthesia. It felt like hundreds of archers were aiming their bows. 

'What do we do? I haven't learned magic yet.'

Anti-magic was able to respond because it was a battle of strength in the spirit zone, but when it came to magic battle, the story was different.

There was no way that Sirone could deal with Jake, who had not learned not only offensive magic, but also air shield, the basics of defensive magic.

Jake fanned it between his palms and squeezed them into compression. Then the air began to rotate in the shape of a disk. It was a wind cutter that cut logs lightly.

“Don’t take it by the arm. Next is the bridge.”

Just as Jake was about to cast the windcutter, someone grabbed his shoulder from behind and turned him over. It touched my body at the same time as I sensed the approach with synesthesia. It wasn't human speed.

I saw Amy's face with her red eyes raised. The landscape in front of her shook as her fist struck her chin.

“Aww!”

The magician, whose physical attack was poisonous, received an attack containing the power of the schema, so the spirit zone had no ability to withstand it.

Amy climbed onto Jake's belly and punched him. The power of her one shot was like hitting it with a stone.

“What are you going to do with me? Say it again, you son of a bitch! Say it again!”

Jake's face swayed from side to side as if it were going to be pulled out. Thinking that something terrible would happen if left as it is, Sirone ran to Amy.

“Senior, stop! I will die like this!”

“Let go, you son of a bitch! You must have laughed at me!”

“Because I die!”

Jake listened to the conversation in his fading consciousness. He didn't feel any pain, only a dull shock was coming in.

'You die? Am I dying?'

The fear of death awakened Jake's mind. He covered his face with his arms and screamed at the top of his voice.

“Sah, save me! Just save my life! please!"

Amy burst into tears. She was in a situation where she would become an only child. When she thought that she had been humiliated by a scumbag, her blood seemed to run backwards.

“I will never forgive you! You bastard!”

“Senior, please stop!”

Sirone pulled Amy with all her might. Schema's body balance was so great that it felt like pulling a stake out of the ground. It was only when she pulled with all her might that Amy fell behind her and crushed Shirone.

“Enough is enough, sir. Please stop it."

Sirone let out a heavy breath. When he came to his senses, a soft, supple feeling passed over his arm. Realizing that she was pressing on Amy's chest, she hurriedly removed her hand.

“I’m sorry!”

Amy didn't respond. She only intermittently shuddered her body as she let out a rough breath. As her emotions were transmitted through her body, Shirone also felt sorry for her. He gently hugged her by the waist and spoke softly.

“Senior, because of me… … .”

"ah! It's cool!”

“Aww!”

As Amy jumped up, she hit Sirone's lower belly with her butt.

Sirone lay back on his back, clutching his stomach. If he had been hit even further below, a terrible situation would have happened.

"what's the matter? Where is it not good?”

I avoided the vital point, but cold sweat broke out on my forehead as the shock poured downward. But she couldn't express it.

“No, nothing.”

"Hi-Hi! Of course it should. How light I am.”

There is no way that she, who has been inquisitive since childhood, is unaware of Sirone's condition. Her inability to express her emotions was her own sign of intimacy. She was also the standby to turn a blind eye to the erratic touches that Shirona inadvertently succeeded in.

“Anyway, what now?”

Sirone changed the topic and turned her attention to the Black Magician. I didn't know when they were fighting like crazy, but when I looked at them, their condition was serious.

All were passed out with nosebleeds, and Jake crawled on the ground in a half-delusional state.

Amy, who looked at their appearance, decided to cover it up at this point. I want to expel her from school, but if the incident gets bigger, Sirone's identity could be revealed.

“Let’s go down. Those children are also stabbed, so I will keep quiet from now on.”

“But Seriel-senpai will come this way, right?”

"what? Are you sure you talked to the teacher?”

"of course. Senior is in danger, how can I come alone?”

Amy sighed and rubbed her forehead. She was dishonored She said yes Even if she was hit, she knew that she would reap the price of victory. But when I heard that the report was already over, steam leaked.

Sirone was deeply moved. Her Amy's disappointment was to keep her own secret.

“Senior, thank you.”

"huh?"

“You came alone because of me. But never mind. Secrets don't matter anymore. I'm glad you're safe.”

“No, I don’t… … .”

Amy scratched her cheek and averted her gaze. In the atmosphere of the Karmis family, which symbolizes freewheeling, she once felt neglected. She missed people's affection and wandered around her back alleys. To her, Sirone's kind words made her feel good, but they were of a nature that she could not fully digest.

"joy! who is because of you It's because these guys are enough alone. In fact, I've always been anxious about it. What's got it right?"

Amy's cheeks were completely red. Sirone was satisfied with that. She seemed to know who she was.

“Hehe, I can’t look at you because you’re childish. Are people like you geniuses? you're welcome. You guys are just ignorant kids.”

Jake stood up, putting his hand on the tree. His face was a mess, but his eyes were full of miasma.

Amy said, putting her hand on her waist.

“You are really nasty. If you can't stand up, you'll just stretch out. It’s not a pervert, is it that you like it that suits me?”

“Puhahahaha!”

There was no thought of defeat in Jake's mind. After all, money rules the world. They may have lost the battle, but they still had strong financial power.

“You think it's over? No, this is the start. Be honest. You really can't even kill me? Kill me if you're confident As long as I'm in school, you guys will never graduate. I will destroy you by any means!”

Sirone was creepy. But Amy, who had been following her alley since she was a child, knew her Jake-like human all too well.

“kill you? why am i killing you My life is too rich to waste on a bastard like you. But know this. You can't kill them, but you can beat them.”

Jake flinched as Amy approached with a clenched fist. No matter how hard you eat your mind, your body remembers fear.

“… … Do you think I'll be scared?"

“Who said what? Wake up, you should be right again I'm still not out of my mind.”

Jake's face was contorted with fear as he saw Amy's shrugged turn.

Hey hey hey hey!

A sharp creaking sound came from the sky. Sirone looked up but knew the other two without looking.

It was a noise unique to space movement, a high-ranking magic of teleportation.

The moment I thought the starlight was twinkling in the sky, the flash of light quickly bent and came down to the place where Sirone and the others were.

Seriel landed with two teachers. 

Amy checked the face of the teacher with the feeling of scratching a lottery ticket. She sighed and she let out a small sigh.

It was Shiina of ice magic and THAAD of fire magic.

'Ugh, if it's the case.'

Along with Etella, they, who were the youngest teachers in the magic school, couldn't take this incident lightly.

“Amy! are you okay? Are you hurt anywhere?”

Seriel came running to Amy with a teary face.

"yes I'm fine. There's no way I'll be easily defeated."

Seriel, like her delicate personality, didn't miss a small change. Amy's bangs, which flowed down as if slightly covering her right eye, were solidly scorched.

I had always thought that Amy's hairstyle was too retro compared to Amy's pretty appearance, but my heart ached when my friend's hair that she had been sticking to for six years was ruined.

“Why is your hair like that? What happened?”

“Oh my! because it's nothing By the way, is it already past 7?”

“What do you mean? Do you know how much we searched for? If it wasn't for the teachers, we couldn't have arrived in time.”

The sun was setting and darkness was falling.

As the son-in-law got dark, Sade cast fire magic. A ball of fire shot up and scorched the air like a small sun.

'This is fire sun magic.'

Sirone admired the glowing orb in the sky. Even though the surroundings were bright like broad daylight, I couldn't feel the heat.

It was an impossible phenomenon without converting thermal energy into light energy. According to what I read in the book, Firesun is a high technology unlike its appearance and can be seen mainly on the battlefield.

Saad approached Amy with a tearful face.

“What is this, Amy! Why would a brilliant kid like you do such a foolish thing... … .”

Sade, who is weak only to women, did not seem to care about Sirone. Especially if she was Amy, she was the first in grades, the first in her family, and the first in appearance, so she couldn't help but cherish her.

Disgusted by Sade's attitude, Shiina turned to Sirone.

"Sirone, can you explain what's going on?"

“Uh, hey, that… … .”

“I will tell you that.”

At Jake's words, the teachers turned their heads. The perpetrator of the incident would explain. He wondered if he had gone insane from being beaten so badly.

However, this was also Jake's calculation.

It's okay if you get punished. The school, which needs the financial power of the Ardius family, will never give up on itself. 

On the other hand, what about sirone? She heard clearly what was said about the secret in the previous conversation. Moreover, Amy's actions that she tried to cover up. After all, she was talking about something creeping.

“I called Amy. She had no choice but to use anti-magic because of her superior skills. But it was a fair fight. Emotions have deepened since before, and it eventually turned into a battle of pride. As you can see, we were seriously injured.”

Shiina said with a displeased expression.

“Are you asking me to believe that now? You guys broke the school rules.”

“I am not saying it was good. But think about it. If Amy was the victim, why didn't she report? They were also stabbed, so I tried to cover up the incident.”

cried Amy.

“What nonsense! What are we hiding? You threatened to kidnap Sirone!"

"haha! So did we kidnap? it's not Moreover, Sirone read the note we sent and didn't tell the teacher. What does this mean?”

“You, you child… … .”

Amy couldn't resist. The fact that Shirone, who had not been kidnapped, came running without reporting to the teacher was incomprehensible to those who did not know the circumstances behind her. If you tell the truth, Sirone's secret will be revealed.

---------------------------------------