[38] The Bridge I Can't Cross (5)

It took about a second to arrive, and this time, Sirone's heart couldn't help but sink.

'I can't give up!'

As electrical impulses hit her brain, Sirone reset the Spirit Zone, which had been shaken by Mark's screams.

This is 1/10th of a second.

Sirone thought. Are you relaxed?

However, while I could imagine dividing one second by 10, it was impossible to feel 0.1 seconds ten times.

Therefore, there was only one way, to continue splitting.

1/100th of a second.

I reconstructed the process of creating the dragon's maze in my head.

The overall shape is a heptagonal star. There are 6 crossroads.

1/1000th of a second.

After retracing the shape of the maze, he found a way out.

You must cast at least nine teleports in a row to escape.

'no! Impossible with Mark!'

If there was no room for the two to escape, they had no choice but to find another route.

At that moment, the dragon's labyrinth swallowed Sirone.

The male students turned their heads away, and the female students screamed as they recalled the terrible ending.

Seriel's scream was the loudest.

Puff puff puff puff!

The sound of the blast blasting through the narrow space sounded like the screams of Sirone and Mark.

And finally the sound went away.

1/10,000th of a second.

In a time that was far too vague to savor with insight, Sirone analyzed all the patterns once again to find a way out.

The flash of teleportation escaped the dragon's labyrinth, and the shining Sirone crossed the finish line and landed.

"haha."

Sirone put down the mark and took a few more steps before dropping to her knees.

No one made a sound, and the students were looking at Sirone with terrified eyes as if they were seeing a ghost.

Etela casts a spatial movement toward Shiina, who left in search of Sade, and shortly thereafter, the engine device turns off and Echo's voice is heard.

-Release the tracheal device of the bridge that cannot be crossed. level zero. level zero.

The moving speed of the iron bar slowed down and the structure that had grown like a vine began to return to its original shape as a bridge that could not be crossed.

“What, what… … .”

The students felt one thing.

“Is this really possible?”

"Nonsense. I was level 10. It also passed through the dragon's maze.”

Sirone, who had been sitting on the ground at the sound of students' murmurs, finally came to his senses and looked around.

'what? Why are you looking at me?'

The memories were empty in the middle, but it was an unchanging fact that they crossed the bridge that could not be crossed.

It was only then that the reality was sorted out in her head, and Sirone's face turned into a tearful look.

“Huh, I thought you were really going to die.”

It was a remark so tasteless that it was futile to see it coming from the mouth of a person who wrote a new history.

But Seriel knew that this was Sirone before she jumped off the cliff.

“Amy! Sirone did it! Your boyfriend did it!”

It would have been nice if the word "boyfriend" was omitted, but seeing Seriel shed tears and being happy, Amy let it go this time.

Students approached as if competing and talked to Sirone.

"Congratulations! You were so cool!”

“So, are you going to be promoted to Class Five now? ha ha ha! The Class Six kids must be a little sore, right?”

While Sirone was celebrating, Maria and the teachers who had gone to the engine room arrived by teleportation.

Shiina looked from Shirone.

Surrounded by students, he was unconscious, but appeared to be unscathed.

'Have you passed the dragon's maze? How did you do it? It's a level of difficulty that even the seniors practice dozens of times.'

When I gave a glare to the person who made me miss the historical scene, Sade shrugged and made an excuse.

“You know, or I don’t know, but I did my best in my own way.”

Shiina sighed and walked towards Alpheas.

There was no way that would be the case, but if Sirone and Mark entered at the same time, announcing the results would certainly not have been an afterword.

“Principal, the announcement of the successful applicants… … .”

Alpheas, who had been blinking, made a face that came to his senses and spoke to the students with a benevolent smile.

“The passer of the early promotion test is Ariane Sirone. I will promote Sirone to Class 5. However, I am proud of all the students who participated in the test. Your courage shown today will be the driving force that leads Alpheas Magic School in the future. I hope that you will work hard and achieve good results.”

The applause that started with the seniors continued to the juniors.

No one was dissatisfied with Sirone's early promotion anymore, and even Mark, who had a direct confrontation, had to admit it.

'There really is such a thing as a genius.'

The situation in which he cast teleportation at a tremendous speed in the dragon's maze was still clearly embedded in his mind.

It wasn't a matter of talent.

In an impossible situation, someone gets frustrated and retreats, but there are people who have no choice but to overcome it.

'There's not even room for excuses like this.'

Mark walked over to Sirone with wobbly legs.

Most of the students expected that there was some kind of agreement in this test, but Mark admitted defeat in front of everyone as if he had already made up his mind.

“Sir, I lost. It was a great fight and I learned so much! I wish you all the best in the future!”

Since Alpheas's approval had fallen, from now on he should be called senpai.

“Yes, I had a hard time today. I will work hard too.”

Amy, who was looking at this with satisfaction, turned around and spoke to Seriel.

“Let’s stop going down.”

"uh? why go already? You should be with a lover on a day like today.”

“I don’t have time for that. Sirone did it, now it's my turn. I have to prepare for the promotion exam too.”

“It’s really okay, can we go like this?”

Amy wasn't slowing down either, but it seemed like something had to be done right away to calm her excitement.

“Amy.”

When Sirone called, Amy shook her shoulders and turned around.

As the two faced each other, the students around them muttered blankly.

“Did you just call my name?”

"of course. Are you dating?"

“Anyway, it’s senior Amy… … .”

Amy, who had never missed first place, was more than a senior to her juniors.

As much as I was evaluated as being able to play an active part even if I entered the senior class right now, the current situation was surprising.

Sirone smiled, pointing two fingers at Amy, not paying attention to the reaction of the people around her.

“Now there are two steps left.”

"haha… … .”

The corners of Amy's raised lips quivered.

If she had passed the senior class promotion test, the gap with Sirone was now two steps.

"Let's go, Seriel."

"huh? uh, okay.”

As Amy turned away, Seriel hurriedly followed her down the mountain.

Except for Class 7, the other advanced class students also scattered one by one, and only then Sade approached Alfeas.

“Principal, I have something to tell you about Maria.”

THAAD reported everything that happened in the engine room.

“I did. How could I make such a mistake... … .”

As Alpheas muttered with a sad expression on his face, Maria approached and bowed deeply.

"sorry. I made an irreparable mistake. I will gladly accept any punishment.”

“Hmm, for now… … .”

Then Mark intervened.

“I have a confession to make. Everything that happened today happened because of me.”

Where the teachers' eyes turned, Mark was standing with a crooked expression on his face.

“What do you mean, because of you?”

“Actually, I scratched Maria a lot this morning. In fact, if I had heard such a thing, the top would have turned. So, I will take the punishment. Because it is the cause.”

Shiina said.

“Even if it is, there is a problem with Maria's behavior. And why are you talking like that? It's something she could have overlooked.”

“I’m not a nice guy, but I’m not a nerd enough to do things without being prepared to take responsibility. All the kids know anyway, so it's embarrassing to keep your mouth shut. Incidentally, I was the one who came up with the strategy to keep Sirone-senpai in check.”

Mark lived with the thought that winning in any situation would be enough, but there was something I realized through this fight with Sirone.

'Overwhelm with skills.'

It was a shock so intense that it completely shook the way of thinking that had been forming the mark until now, putting aside miscellaneous thoughts and only overcoming the difficulties in front of them to achieve victory.

“Anyway, it happened. I will gladly accept any punishment given to me, but please take care of the other kids. Especially Maria... … .”

Mark glanced at Maria and said.

“I must have been under a lot of stress. Every day, the kids bullied each other because they were small. Would you do this without going crazy?”

Alpheas also thought deeply about Maria.

Although his grades weren't good, he was an aspiring wizard who had been training silently for a longer period of time than anyone else in the school.

I couldn't help but see myself in my younger days in the face of committing an irreversible mistake and being in danger of being expelled.

'Master... … .'

Sade, who knew Alpheas' past, looked at him with a sorrowful heart.

The light of the Mirhi family.

It was light magic that Alpheas made his name known for the first time.

It has become an outdated theory now, but at the time, it even won the Gold Circle Award given by the king for its novel idea.

However, his brilliant talent plunged young Alfeas into a pit of confusion.

What if I hadn't wandered in darkness for 10 years because of a moment's wrong judgment?

Perhaps Alpheas would become a great wizard whose name would be engraved in history.

“I will refer both of you to the disciplinary committee. Maria is guilty of sabotaging the exam by illegally activating her organ device. She also poses an unnecessary risk. However, as much as Mark provided the cause, she will take the punishment into account.”

As Maria and Mark bowed their heads, the students in Class 7 began to raise their hands one by one.

“Sir, I bullied Maria. Then isn't it my fault too?”

“I joined the operation team and attacked Sirone-senpai.”

The fact that all of Class 7 raised their hands means that this Maria incident was caused by the problem of the whole class.

It was a matter that would come up anyway, but the courage to voluntarily confess a crime could be said to be like a wizard.

“Then I will punish everyone. Let everyone go back and await the verdict.”

“How is Maria?”

“It will be reflected in the disciplinary committee. The whole class will be punished, and Mary alone will not bear all her sins.”

It wasn't a definite answer, but it had a lot of weight because it was the principal's words, not someone else.

Shiina asked.

“Isn’t that a very dangerous statement? I don't know yet how the punishment will be given.”

“We are teachers. A person who guides students correctly, not a judge who judges. Those children are the disciples we are to teach and nurture.”

Maria could not hold back and burst into tears.

"thank you. sorry."

A smile spread across Saad's lips as he watched the scene.

'That's great, Maria.'

Perhaps this situation was a miraculous opportunity that would never come again in Maria's life.

Just like Sade when he met Alfeas.

'The world is lucky... … If I give up, I can't even get that luck.'

If Maria hadn't really loved magic, would she have been able to last that long in Class 7?

Even though it is an unfair world, Sade thought it was worth living for that reason.

If you really earnestly dream and persevere, opportunities will come to anyone.

---------------------------------------