[248] System operation (1)

Silence came where the sound of the wind had passed.

The students are speechless. It was a situation where Dante, who is said to be the best talent in the kingdom, fell to his knees at Sirone's stormy offensive that took place in just 5 minutes.

"what? It's true? That Dante... … .”

A student jumped up and shouted.

“Sirone took it down! You defeated Dante!”

Then, as if it had been promised, the Icheonbeon training ground was filled with cheers.

“Are you too one-sided? Wasn't it a bad match from the beginning?"

“Dante can't do much if he gets caught by Sirone. I knew Sirone would win from the start!”

The students threw one word at a time. Among the students of the Kingdom Magic School, Dante's defensive power is evaluated as the best. It was only natural for Dante to be excited about Sirone's attack without even trying to counterattack properly.

Wouldn't a barrier that has been pierced once be pierced twice?

The confrontation was not over yet, but looking at the battles so far, it seemed that the victory was already in favor of Sirone.

As the emotions of many people boiled, hot speculation rose high into the sky. It was Alpheas and Olivia, the hidden protagonists of this confrontation, who kept a cool mind.

It was an unexpected development at the beginning even for the two of them. Olivia didn't expect Dante to kneel so easily, and Alpheas was surprised by Sirone's blitz.

But this is a magical world. No, even if it's not magic, all competition that exists in the world is bound to be relative.

“Wizards… … .”

Alpheas chose his words carefully, as if defining something important.

"He's not a human being."

“… … .”

Olivia kept quiet. At the time Dante was struck, she had no conversation to share with him.

“Because most humans are unable to even enter the Spirit Zone. As long as you entered the magic school, it is safe to say that you have surpassed the level of a criminal.”

Olivia's eyes hardened. If you reverse Alpheas's words, it meant that even the world's Dante was only a student at a magic school.

"So what? Dante hasn't lost yet.”

Alpheas ignored it and continued.

"however… … It is said that a very interesting phenomenon occurred when children who transcended the human category were gathered together. Among them, again, someone transcends. That's how you compete at a higher place, and someone stands out again there.”

Contrary to Olivia's expectations, Alpheas did not speak out to disparage Dante. He was looking at his own life through the confrontation between two students who transcended the criminal.

“After going up like that, there is no place to go up anymore. Isn't that the realm of a first-class archmage?"

Alpheas looked back at Olivia with a smile on his face. She was pensive in her thoughts with a grim expression on her face. She was cute for her age.

Olivia finally spoke up.

“… … Are you ignoring me as a second-class now?”

Alpheas turned his head two thousand times without answering.

How could you ignore a 2nd class archmage?

But if you think about it... … Among the wizards who have risen to that position, there is no one who is satisfied with their position.

Once you have reached the level of a great wizard, anyone will run towards the first class. 

It's just that I couldn't climb. 

Competition is inevitable for students, professionals, and second-class archmages. 

In the world of magic, you have to fight a lonely battle for the rest of your life to advance one step further from the pool you belong to.

Alpheas also dreamed of becoming a first-class wizard when he was young.

You don't know the future, but there was a time when you and others expected it to happen nine times out of ten.

However, the gun disappeared while wandering for 10 years after losing his wife, Erina.

If he had started over from then, would he have been able to become a first-class wizard?

Alpheas was able to declare that it was impossible.

Level 1 isn't like that. It is not a place to try to outrun countless geniuses on a subject that has wasted 10 years.

Then what about Olivia?

She was a smart woman and didn't live as self-indulgently as he did. Rather, since she failed in her love, she has been refining her magic even more fiercely with a single thought of revenge.

Alpheas wanted to know. How closely did Olivia watch her radiant glory from that spot?

"It's not like you didn't try, right?"

Alpheas's questions were incoherent. But Olivia quickly understood. Because she is also a wizard.

Olivia blinked her long eyelashes and calmly thought. She then pouted her lower lip and said,

“It’s first class. It's not something you can reach by doing your best. No, I don't know. Maybe there is someone in the world who has worked harder than me. But, at least in my opinion, it is the realm of absolute talent.”

Olivia looked back over the years to see how reliable her answer was. Then, recalling the overlooked fact, she added slowly.

"or… … Is it the realm of madness?”

Alpheas's eyes were half closed. Dark wrinkles were engraved and the light from the eyes was sucked into the abyss.

“You mean Gaold.”

Mikea Gaold, a graduate of Alpheas Magic School and the president of the Tormia Magic Association.

During his school days, no one thought he would become a first-class wizard. 

I thought I would be a good person.

He was a really good kid. He was a staunch believer, a student who said his dream was to preach love to the world.

He is now the greatest wizard in the kingdom and is at the top of the red line.

It would be a great honor for a wizard, but it might be a terrible thing for Gaold himself.

Olivia brought up something vague in her memory.

There was a day when the eyes of the world powers were focused on Alpheas Magic School.

It was a matter that transcended the importance of human affairs, and Olivia was one of the people who attended.

“I’m sorry about Miro.”

Alpheas was silent. Adrias Miro. and Mikea Gaold. When I thought of the two disciples, my heart still throbbed.

Olivia suddenly remembered and asked.

“The Supernatural Psychic Research Society, was it?”

Alpheas nodded bitterly. All the events that shook the world started there. 

“Miro and Gaold are both very long term members. They say they are like troublemakers. It was a real headache at the time. I was just committing nonsensical incidents. But it is because of them that this world exists.”

“Are you still there? I mean the study group.”

Alpheas raised an eyebrow. When I think about it now, it was a really ironic relationship.

“Sirone, Iruki and Nade. The protagonists of this confrontation and the world's troublemakers are guarding them. They are Miro’s direct subordinates.”

Olivia's eyes shone as she looked at Sirone.

The supernatural psychic science research society doesn't seem to fit in with the magic school that pursues intelligence, but the more you think about it, the more you shudder at the greatness of its true meaning. 

At that time, if Miro was at the center of the research society, now there is Sirone. Perhaps it was a coincidence, but I thought that the reason why he, the only unlocker in the school, decided on Miro's research group was connected by an unknown string that could not be analyzed through causality.

The cheers of the students scratched Dante's nerves. I thought I wanted to get up right away and beat Sirone, but I needed at least two more seconds to recover from the shock of the anti-magic.

'I'm crazy. I still can't get up.'

Sirone's attack was a wonder that couldn't be explained with the word ferocious. If it was even a little too late to cast the defense magic circle, the match might have already ended.

'But I persevered. All you have to do is think about it.'

Danger is familiar to the defensive mage. To him, who can win only by receiving the opponent's attack, a single down is not as serious as that of other wizards.

But the shame engraved in my heart was considerable. 

No matter how serious it was, it was the first time I had ever been down so quickly while fighting someone.

'Two seconds. 1 sec. done.'

Dante finally got out of the shock and slowly got up. It's completely unbelievable, but if you think about it in retrospect, it might be a natural result.

I was not careless. However, a sense of nervousness more frightening than his carelessness robbed him of his quick judgment.

The most fearful thing is before anything happens. As long as he felt Sirone's power, it would never happen that he collapsed in vain like now.

“I will praise you. I can count on one hand in the entire kingdom that has pushed me to this point. I’ll put it in the top 20 roughly.”

Sirone didn't say anything. Dante's arrogant attitude of ranking the same students did not even catch my eye.

It was a full-on attack with Immortal Function open. To be honest, I thought the confrontation was over. But he didn't fall. That fact made Sirone resentful. 

Dante said, clearing the spirit zone.

“But it will be different from now on. Be prepared... … ”

“Dante.”

Sirone cut off his words as if he didn't need to hear any more. 

You need to pull it up a bit more. It required a force so strong that Dante could never stand up.

“This is the last time I will start by telling you.”

As Sirone suddenly turned into a flash of light and approached, Dante felt his heart drop and hurriedly cast teleportation. 

He narrowly evaded Sirone's biting teeth and brushed his chest. Judging from the distance, a slight delay would have resulted in a collision.

Did you want annihilation? No, it was clear that I was expecting this kind of reaction. 

The initiative in the battle was still held by Sirone.

'But I'll turn it back here.'

As Dante, who had been retreating, turned around, Sirone's flash also sharply turned the angle and followed.

Within a radius of 10 meters, the distance of one teleportation, two lines of flash embroidered the sky with relentless movements.

The students widened their eyes in disbelief. It was only a year ago that Sirone took the promotion test by teleportation on a bridge that could not be crossed.

Of course, even back then, Sirone had a history of passing through the dragon's labyrinth, which was a level 10 difficulty level, but all of the techniques introduced now were advanced techniques used by professionals.

Dante also uses the same level of skill, but he was a major who had been steadily training at the Royal Magic School since he was a child.

In a word, Sirone's growth rate was too fast. I even thought that his time might flow differently than others.

“When the heck did it get to that point… … ?”

The moment Mark muttered, Sirone and Dante charged at each other at the same time.

The students' feelings stopped at the same point. 

Perhaps Syrone and Dante have each other  It was clear that he did not know how to choose to rush. But none of them thought to escape.

It was a game of chicken in which both would lose their lives if one did not give up.

Two flashes of light interlocked on the horizon. The moment the students closed their eyes, thinking it was the end, two people at the center of the horizon bent the angle in different directions at exactly the same time.

Mark couldn't tell with his eyes who dodged first. Even in the game of chicken, the two were close.

“Are you saying that the magical sense is on the same level?”

Iruki admired with a pure heart. Although he was knocked down once, Dante's movement was so great that he deserved the name of the best in the kingdom.

Sirone and Dante were chasing each other's illusions. 

The eyelids were fixed as if they were hardened, and the pupils were sucking in the entire field of vision.

Even in the midst of demonstrating concentration that transcended human limits, Sirone stuck her tongue out at Dante's defensive power.

'The defensive sense is really great. I can't possibly bite into it.'

Dante's movement, determined and defensive, was a state of art. When they moved forward 10 meters, they retreated 10 meters, and even when they changed to 9.8 meters, they kept the exact same distance and escaped.

---------------------------------------