Tomb of Information (1)

The wizard's crying face was cute, but Sirone could read the earnestness in that expression.

'You're really resentful.'

Sirone, who had already opened her sense of time, knew how difficult it was.

'Human beings are supposed to perceive time based on the signals of light. To destroy it... …

A fundamental part of the brain must change.

"good."

The wizard's face turned red, but Sirone said something different from what he expected.

“Training ends here. It seems that the resolution is sufficient, so let’s open up the sense of oppression now.”

“What do you mean?”

The flow of time is just an illusion of the brain, so it can be dangerous if you suddenly open your sense of time.

Because if the present is destroyed, there is no past and no future.

“The reason I gave you this day is for now. You have to think about time as much as you can, so you can deal with common sense-defying shocks.”

Sirone turned to Ikael.

“This is my mother, Ikael. Archangels' senses are far superior to those of humans. From now on, you will experience the process of resonating with this person.”

"mother?"

Wizard raised his head all the way.

With her short stature, it was difficult to see the face of Ikael, who was over two meters tall.

"nice to meet you. You are a Wizard.”

As Ikael lowered his head and smiled, the Wizard's mouth opened slightly.

'awesome.'

The special dignity that goes beyond human aesthetic standards is contained in the form as it is.

Teachers and students had similar feelings.

'You're an angel. Nonsense.'

It was the moment when rumors that Sirone's real mother was not human were proved in reality.

“Hmmmm.”

Headmaster Nikolai came through, clearing his throat.

“I’ve heard about possession, but wouldn’t it be dangerous? I am in a position to protect students... …

It was a word that was conscious of the Wizard's parents, but there seemed to be a reason for the conversation.

Ikael said with a smile.

“Since Sirone said it was okay, there won’t be any big problems. If it becomes dangerous, I will stop.”

“Heh heh, as well as the students, Ikael-san should also vouch for it. You are the great star of mankind.”

“You are talking too much. thank you." Sirone narrowed her eyes as she watched Nikolai's mouth ringing in her ears.

' if??????

Amy was stabbed in the side.

“What do you care about? It's because I can't express it, but everyone has that kind of crush. Besides, it's obvious that your mother doesn't care."

"I know. just… …

Sirone has no prejudice.

He only knew how much Ikael loved Guffin and how happy he was.

“Then let’s begin.”

Ikael stroked the Wizard's head.

“Believe in yourself. That's what I believe in soon. From now on, I will absorb the asteroid into your head. We will think with one mind, and in the process, we will be able to awaken a sense of oppression.”

Syrone added.

“Remember that the present is in your heart.”

The wizard nodded, and when he opened his eyes, Ikael absorbed the asteroid.

"omg."

The child's chest swelled greatly, and the light in his eyes leaked through his quivering eyelids.

The son-in-law was still silent, but a roaring conversation was supposed to be going on in the Wizard's brain.

“Huh!”

His eyelids and shoulders trembled, and his entire body began to vibrate as if he had been electrocuted.

At the limit of that vibration, the Wizard awoke.

“Aaaaa!”

As the barrier of time was broken, the past and the future were all perceived as the present.

'I have to catch it here!'

As he concentrated on his mind, the sense of violence subsided and he felt his presence clearly.

"ha! ha!"

It took a moment to let out a rough breath, and her eyes widened at the newly opened sensation.

"uh? what?"

The present was too long.

How would it feel to live in the past as if it were present for others?

“You succeeded.”

"teacher."

The Wizard, who was about to approach Sirone, stopped at the sudden sense of death.

“Then next step.”

With the Hand of God floating above her head, Sirone let out in a cold voice.

"You're dodging my attack."

During training, he was a wizard who was not childish, so he immediately nodded.

"??????Goes."

A huge fist of light flew. The Wizard's face turned pale at the speed and power that were on a completely different level from his training so far.

"for a moment??????!"

Aaaaaang!

The Hand of God slammed the ground with a roar, crushing her body like an ant.

The corner of Sirone's mouth went up slightly.

"pass."

Seconds up here.

“Hehe, thank you.”

What remained in reality was the image of the priests looking at each other with friendly eyes.

Arriving in the capital of Kessia, Sirone looked around the deserted streets.

'It looks like a ghost town.'

Only numerous pretends of popularity felt inside the building denied that fact.

The last time he came to Kessia, it was a place where murder, looting, and arson were commonplace.

'What the hell did he do?' There was no human being living normally, so even rumors did not circulate.

'Anyway, it seems certain to have kept the emotional illness at bay. No, I can't see this being blocked.'

Sirone stopped in front of a high-rise building with a symbol of a golden ring hanging from the spire.

Inside the windows, people in suits were walking around doing their jobs.

The contrast between the scene and the empty streets gave Sirone a strange feeling of goosebumps.

"hello."

Feeling the colder air than outside, I started talking to them, but no one looked back.

Upon closer inspection, their eyes were all open.

"who???????"

At least a normal-looking woman came along, struggling to straighten her steps.

“Oh, my name is Sirone. Do you have a Fermi?”

In a conditioned reflex, all the staff turned their heads, and incoherent words continued.

“Sirone? Fermi?”

It's crazy, Shirone thought.

“Come this way.”

When I heard the voice coming from the stairs, I turned to see a clear-eyed man raising his glasses.

"you are… …

Fermi's secretary, whom he had seen before, stared at his watch.

“You came 20 minutes earlier than expected. Ha ha, this case was mined 20 days ago. I will guide you. Fermi is waiting for you.”

Since it was only an unknown story, Sirone followed the man to the elevator.

When I arrived on the 17th floor, Fermi was waiting for me in an office filled with glass windows.

“Sirone.”

Compared to before, he was much cleaner and opened his arms as if he had met an old friend.

"What happened?" Not sharing his regrets, Fermi awkwardly lowered his arm.

“Sit down for now. While drinking tea... …

“How did you know I was coming? Why is emotional disease not prevalent? Why is there no one on the street'?”

Fermi laughed.

“You seem to have a lot of questions. Well, I guess so. There must be parts of it that have been erased from memory.”

"memory."

According to Supreme Court Justice Terraforce, Sirone destroyed his memory with his own will.

“Can you tell me?”

Fermi smiled like a crack.

"how is it? Aren't you curious too? I could tell you what the deal was, if you'd like.”

This is why I hate Fermi.

'But that's why... … You can believe I made a deal with Fermi.'

It was true that he was a capable guy.

"it's okay. Rather, I want to know the whole story of Kessia. How did you stop the emotional illness?”

“Hmm.”

Thinking with his chin on his chin, Fermi pointed to the door.

“Do you want to see for yourself?”

The place where he took Sirone is the ward where the children of the orphanage are intoxicated with drugs called Angel.

"ha. ha."

Sirone shuddered at the slight moan of pleasure that escaped from the child's throat.

"this… … what?"

“The special elixir I made. Did you see it when you came before? After several phases of clinical trials, we finally made it. Angel's Tears, Angel. You can curb your emotional illness with this.”

As soon as he finished speaking, Sirone grabbed Fermi by the collar and pulled him.

"it's crazy?"

Fermi just looked at him coldly.

“They’re not even ten years old. Did you use drugs on them? Do you know what that's about'?”

"??????know."

Fermi opened his mouth.

“How about you then? Did you bring something better to the world than this situation?”

Sparks flew in Sirone's eyes, but he couldn't completely ignore Fermi's voice.

“I can’t say that this result is better.”

"result? That's stupid. Do you feel as though you have been beaten by carrying all of mankind’s burdens?” “All life ends in death. That's the only outcome given to us. The world needs someone like you who dreams of a hopeful future, but please face reality.”

“… … How did you do it?”

Sirone's hand lost its strength.

“Which drug can prevent emotional illness? Seriel tried all the drugs and failed.”

“Of course it is bound to fail. Because no cure has been developed. Of course not yet.”

Sirone was in the mood to grab hold of the collar he had loosened.

“Explain so I can understand.”

“How did I know that you would arrive within today?”

"I don't know."

“Then let me know.”

Gestured to follow him, Fermi took the elevator again and went down to the second floor.

When the door marked Recovery Room opened automatically, people were lying on 200 beds.

"uh?"

There was someone he knew even Sirone.

“Marsha’s sister?”

Despite making quite a loud noise, Marsha fell asleep without even moving.

Sirone turned to Fermi.

"What happened? As an angel, “Don’t worry. Of course, I take it regularly, but it's not to the extent that it interferes with my daily life. Wouldn't it be more important where these people are?”

“Where are you?”

When I heard Fermi say it, it seemed that he did not mean simply a recovery room.

Sirone suddenly realized.

"no way?"

When I woke up after getting rid of the debt of Valhalla Action, there was something I heard from Miro.

“Then, shall we go check the mining situation?”

Fermi pointed to an empty bed and tossed a pea-sized pill.

"what's this?"

“Dream Star. you know? Oh, did you erase your memory up to that point? You are very thorough.”

“Did I ever take this drug?” Sirone took a closer look at the Dream Star, but didn't even feel a sense of déjà vu.

"okay. I went with him because he insisted on seeing it in person. Well, it was a time when I struggled alone. Anyway, are you going to do it or not?”

Deep in thought, Sirone grabbed the pill and followed Fermi to bed.

Lying side by side on the empty bed, Lorne asked while erecting her upper body.

“What will happen if I take this medicine?”

“Depart from the dream and enter the Undercoder. Address match before... … no, just eat it You know the mechanism roughly. I did it once.”

'It's an undercord.'

As Fermi lay down on the bed first, Sirone also put the Dream Star in her mouth and swallowed it in one gulp.

The sleeping pill on the surface of the pill first melted in the stomach, making the mind drowsy.

If you forcefully awaken the brain, you can wake it as much as you like, but Sirone surrendered to the medicinal effect.

The sense of reality is gone... … .

"huh?"

The senses in the dream buried among countless corpses were connected to Sirone's five senses.