[6] Opportunities worth more than life (2)

Vincent shouted as he grabbed Sirone by the shoulder.

“Sirone! Why did you allow it? This is really dangerous! No, it's my responsibility! It's because this father is ignorant! So let's say no!”

“It's okay, Dad. All you have to do is not leak it.”

“It's not that simple. How can there be secrets in what people do? No matter how you think about it, it was crazy! This father takes responsibility and refuses!”

Sirone smiled and shook his head slowly. I met really good parents.

“Thank you, Father.”

Vincent's face darkened. It was the first time that Shirone called him father. But even more surprising than that was the fact that Sirone was shedding tears.

“Sirone… … .”

Sirone opened her arms wide. And he said with a big smile that matched the size of the ecstasy.

“My father gave me the greatest gift in the world.”

“Huh!”

Vincent lost face and burst into tears. Had he ever seen his son's tears in his life? No, had he ever seen such a face full of joy?

“Don't worry, Sirone! Abby will protect you no matter what! Don't worry about anything and work hard! I will definitely protect you!”

“Dad, I will work hard.”

“Yes, my son! My treasure!”

Vincent hugged Sirone and kissed her on the cheek. In her rich man's touching embrace, her mother, Olina, stole happy tears.

A week later. 

The rank butlers of the Ogent family came to pick up Sirone. It was said that it would take more than two years to organize 10,000 books, but Sirone, who had lived a simple life, only had a backpack at most.

Temuran promised 20 gold a month for taking Sirone. His family's monthly living expenses were 4 gold, so it was a huge amount.

When you come back, will this house be a little luxurious? She knew that her parents weren't like that, but Sirone tried to get rid of her regrets by imagining them happily.

From the moment you get on the carriage, the contract takes effect. 

The regular butlers proceeded with the contract in an instant, and Vincent, who was distracted, had to get Sirone into the carriage without fully sharing the extent of their farewell.

Waiting in the carriage, Sirone was calm. She didn't express it to her parents, but it was important for her to keep her head cool rather than emotional from now on.

When I closed my eyes and entered the zone, my parents, waiting for departure while wiping away tears, came through synesthesia. Sirone moved her thoughts as if touching their hearts.

A warm feeling crept into the hearts of Vincent and Olina. It wasn't something that could be called magic, but it was clear that Sirone's whole heart had been touched.

When the carriage rattled, Sirone bounced out of the spirit zone. But the eyes were still closed. 

Entering the Ogent family was a double-edged sword that could be both a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity and a worst-case scenario.

Can you survive two years among powerful people?

Leaving herself in an unknown future, Sirone fell back into the Spirit Zone.

* * *

The Ogent family was a renowned samurai family that produced nationally certified third-class swordsmen, a general level. In addition, the head of the household, August Bischoff, was a nationally certified 4th-class swordsman and served as the military commander of Creas City.

Arriving at the Ogent family, Sirone was overwhelmed by the expansive scenery beyond the front gate.

A huge road ran through the entire site. The road that penetrated the overwhelming size of the mansion, passed through the arch, and exited through the back door, extended far beyond what the naked eye could see.

'This is the great job tool of the Ogent family that I've only heard about.'

The large-scale sword that divided the site into two without any roughness was a symbol of the exhilarating temperament of the Ogent family.

The butler in his early twenties laughed at Sirone.

“Hehe, are you scared? No need to be surprised already. Because the family members are more monsters.”

“Be careful with your words. Do you want to run away?”

The elderly butler cautioned. However, there was no intention of belittling, so he stopped the questioning and entered the main gate with Sirone.

Daejikdo was not a path for butlers. Sirone took a detour around the mansion along the garden path built beside the road.

The place where the butlers stayed was a four-story circular building. When I went up to the office, sub-butler Temuran was watching the work.

“Are you here? I will explain the work, so please follow me.”

“Yes, I will do my best.”

Temuran went to the library without even being greeted.

The iron door of the library opened with an old sound, revealing a space full of books. There were only books on the second, third, and fourth floors.

Sirone clenched her fists as she sucked in the smell of old paper. That much was worth risking her life.

“We will move the books here to the new library. All you have to do is classify the books. I'll give you a list every week, so you can find the books and put them together. Work is from 9am to 6pm. After that it's free time. You cannot go outside, and you must not enter the mansion without special instructions. The butler rules will be taught by the level butler. Do you understand?”

"yes. When can we start?”

"From tomorrow. Unpack and rest today. In the meantime, familiarize yourself with the butler rules.”

The next day, Sirone went to work at the library. When he started working on it, he realized why he had to do it alone.

The document given by Temuran had hundreds of titles written on it, but the classification criteria were up to one's mind.

For example, it was unclear whether the book 'The History of Swordsmanship' should be classified as a history book or a swordsmanship book.

Although Temuran laid down the basic system, arbitrary judgment was often required to divide the 10,000 books.

Sirone decided to prioritize. Since history is comprehensive and swordsmanship is specialized, the history of swordsmanship is classified as swordsmanship. It took two weeks just to set the standard in this way.

But even this work was beneficial to Sirone. 

What I realized in the process of creating a classification system is that all knowledge is connected. Music and mathematics, chemistry and spirit, and art and science were not different.  

After the classification system was established, the work gained momentum. When I was able to meet the target amount within the time, I finally turned my eyes to study.

Knowledge is the biggest criterion that separates nobles from commoners. The knowledge gained here would be of great help in the future.

Sirone decided to use her time efficiently. There are ten thousand books in front of his eyes. Even if he had two years, it was impossible for him to read all the books.

'Where do I start? Can't I just read random things?'

A good idea came to Sirone, and he hit his knee. Since all knowledge is connected, he could reinforce other knowledge later as long as he delved into one discipline.

“Then, which field should I dig into?”

The corners of Sirone's mouth went up as he repeated his thoughts.

“You just have to study history.”

If human life is history, knowledge has also developed along with history. Learning history first was like building a creature's backbone.

Sirone drew the horizon of history in her head. If the lines were enlarged, all the knowledge of mankind, including religion, science, magic, mythology, literature, art, politics, war, and economy, would be contained in chronological order.

“If you learn history, you can always reinforce other knowledge. No, it is possible to combine much faster. History is the backbone of knowledge.”

About 850 historical books are stored in the Great Library. Sirone made up his mind. Read all of these 850 books in two years. It is to build the backbone of knowledge!

From that day on, Sirone read books without going back to the dorm even after the workday was over.

He missed roll call in the name of working overtime, but no one cared about Sirone, who was a temporary worker, except for Temuran.

To be honest, reading history books was hard work. Having grown up in the mountains for 16 years, he could not be reminded of the names and characters of continents he had never heard of, and the events intertwined there.

I thought about memorizing the whole thing, but I shook my head. Memorization is written in the head, but understanding is written in the heart. Understanding and passing on even one line of events was the royal road to building the backbone of knowledge.

Even so, understanding history was hard labor. 

It did not end with an incident, but I had to carefully examine why this incident had to happen and what kind of incident this incident would affect in the future.

Efficiency dropped remarkably, and it reached the point where I couldn't read a book even after a week. He had frequent days of sleeping in the library, and most of his time was falling down as if passing out.

4 a.m.

The iron door opened, and Temuran entered with a crystal lamp. Sirone didn't notice, but Temuran came in at this time every day to watch over Sirone.

I looked at the book Sirone had dropped while reading. Even though the content is not very difficult, the book has not changed for 15 days.

Temuran snorted. If he frantically studied practical books, he thought of prohibiting entry outside of working hours.

But now that I see it, it's completely insane. Just because he knew how to read, he was an idiot who dreamed of wild dreams.

“So it is. What kind of success will you try?”

Temuran turned around with a more relaxed mind. In order to succeed in studies, luck is required, but his head must be supported. Sirone, who only dreamed grandiosely, thought that she had already failed.

* * *

It's been three months since I started working on the library. 

As the classification work became familiar, the distribution of time became more relaxed, and I learned many things through the butlers.

Among them, the most shocking fact was that the nobles did not care whether the books were leaked or not.

In any case, family secrets were passed down only to the brink, and the nobles, who had so many things to do in the world, were not even interested in how many books were missing.

But that didn't make Sirone any less dangerous. The generosity of the nobility is founded on the loyalty of the naive commoners. The butlers could be ruthless enough to not tolerate a single mistake.

The fact that what is insignificant for aristocrats is a matter of risking one's life for a commoner, Sirone felt firsthand how far apart the thinking styles of the two classes were.

Around the time the sun rose in mid-sky, the library door suddenly opened, and the boy's voice, which he heard for the first time, broke the silence.

“Whoa, damn old man. If you take a break on a day like today, where does it get worse?”

Sirone blinked at the uninvited guest. 

It was August Lian, the youngest son of the family head. He was a boy with thick facial lines, befitting his bloodline, and even though he was the same age as him, he was one head taller than Sirone.

Loud shouts were heard outside the library.

“Rian! Dare you run away? If caught, add a hundred laps to the garden!”

"Ahh! Shit!"

Rian ran between the bookshelves restlessly and found Sirone. Without even giving him a chance to react, he came running and shook Sirone and shouted.

"hey! don't say i'm here Understand?"

As soon as he spoke, Lian hid under a bookshelf. At the same time, the door opened and the old man's business shook the library.

“Riaan! I know what's hiding here!"

He was a gray-haired old man, but his shoulders were broad and he was as tall as a giant. He had grown a white beard to the pit of his stomach and walked toward Sirone with an ugly glow in his eyes.

"you! A guy with blue hair and the size of a peanut came in here, right?”

Sirone wondered if he knew such a person. The blue-haired boy knows, but if it's only peanuts, how does he see himself in the old man's eyes?

“Judging from the way he looks, he looks like the youngest boy. Excuse me, but who are you?”

Sirone intended to use her family's authority to gain time. However, the old warrior who commanded the battlefield for decades penetrated Sirone's psychology.

"I'm a swordsman! A teacher who can knock those peanuts! It would be better to speak quickly and not make noise. If you don't want to get beaten up first.”

Sirone licked his lips. For those who longed for learning, a teacher was like heaven. In particular, the butler's puns were not suitable for someone teaching under the command of the head of the family.

“Ah, that's right. If it's the young boy, he's hiding under the bookshelf over there.”

"hey! Are you crazy? do you want to die?"

Lian frowned and crawled out. Then, when she found the swordsman who had approached right in front of her eyes, she trembled like an aspen tree.

“Master, this is Ohah!”

“Inooum!”

The swordsman who grabbed him by the collar threw Lian to the ground.

The moment Lian's body fell in an arc, Sirone closed one eye. Lian, who had spread to the floor with a tremendous sound, snapped her limbs.

“Follow me, Inum’s Shiki. You are training, and you have to arm your mind again.”

Lian, who was being dragged by his legs while being held, tilted his head and faced Sirone. And she pouted something. & nbsp;

Even though his voice did not come out and he communicated only through the form of his mouth, Sirone could hear his voice clearly.

you are dead

---------------------------------------