Karma Chain(2)

Is this what it feels like to become a bomb?

As things that were not his own filled up exponentially, Lian clenched his teeth.

“Big!”

It wasn't until hot smoke billowed out from between my teeth that I realized I couldn't stand it.

Regardless of the pressure, demonic energy was rising through the chains of Gehenna.

“Aaaaaaa!” With her upper body wide open, Lian vented the irritating pressure outward.

Kurrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr

With him as the center, hot steam spread along the ground while eating reverse rotation.

"ha! ha!"

I was breathing hard, but I didn't feel particularly tired.

I heard Sirone's voice.

“Gehenna.”

When Rian slowly raised her head, Sirone was walking over the horizon.

“Sirone, what is this?”

“A fire that never goes out. aka g

It's called jade fire. In fact, this is a phenomenon that cannot happen to a living God.”

Sirone looked around and said.

“Usually, it burns in hellfire and becomes the origin of demons. But you endlessly regenerated your body in real life. That’s why it became Gehenna, the living hellfire.”

“Are you saying I have to keep wearing this?”

“Even if you fell into hell, your mind is still tied to reality. It's because it's a living body. It is called karma, and the chains tied to the heart represent the lingering regrets in reality. If you purify that karma, the chains will disappear, but

“I am going to die.”

Sirone nodded.

"huh. A complete annihilation. The body has already disappeared, but the soul is also evaporating.”

"okay. But how do you purify?”

"Hmm, in my memory...

Sirone recalled Omega's records.

“The other side of the world is the realm of emotions, so I don’t know exactly. I have only experienced it indirectly by following the movement of atoms, that is, the record of birth and death. When Guffin met Lucifer, a voice was heard from the sky.”

" sky?"

Lian, who looked up at the sky full of flames, exclaimed in a loud voice.

"hey! Say something!”

Whoa!

The sky was just spitting out angry flames.

When the red light came on, the informator fidgeted and twisted his back.

"What do we do! What do we do!"

Basically, at least one informator is always attached to the person subject to purification.

It was a world overflowing with labor, and most of them had nothing to do.

“I broke the karma chain by myself.” As far as she knew, this was impossible, especially if she was in hell-fired Gehenna.

beep! beep!

The buzzer rang every time Lian shouted, but he didn't have the courage to respond.

“I have to tell you about the purification time… …

The time of the photon field is used as a measure of the magnitude of emotions in the underworld.

In other words, the greater the pain, the faster time passes, and the weaker the pain, the slower it passes.

“But why?”

Is it not measurable?

The signal that emerged from the blood in the hemispherical bowl was the phrase 'impossible to measure'.

It was the first time in my life, and I didn't even know that these signs could appear.

"president!"

In the end, Informator, ignoring the red light of the beacon, went straight to find Lethe.

"what?" Lethe raised one eyebrow.

“Impossible, what do you mean? No being can receive such a signal.”

“Because there really was such a signal.”

Seeing the informator's unhappy expression, Lethe buried her elbow on the desk and touched her head.

“The chains of Gehenna… …

The Hwa Resources Management Corporation is rusting in hell, but it is an independent institution.

As a group faithful to the original purpose of being behind the scenes, only the purification of demons was the main task.

“Are you a weird guy?”

It's a bland reaction, but in fact, there was no other way to explain it other than that.

“Not even Satan can go against Gehenna. He too was born in Hellfire. In short, it's a system failure.”

"What should I do? You can't honestly say that it's not measurable. The beacon keeps ringing... …

“Don’t make a fuss. It's a simple error. The Karma Chain does not in any way bind the Purified to Hell. That it was just cut off for a while. It will reconnect.”

“And what if I hang up again? It is dangerous for a living body to roam freely.

You can come to the chemical company.” Lethe, her eyes widened, went outside the door.

“Monoras, come in.”

I waited 10 seconds after that, but I couldn't even hear footsteps in the hallway.

"ha."

She bowed her head deeply, hesitated for a moment, then opened her lips and let out an excited sound.

"Ahhh… …

With a bang the door opened.

"president! what's going on... … !”

Monoras entered with his eyes wide open and saw a completely different scene from what he expected.

The informator was looking back, and Lethe's cold eyes were open in front of the desk.

A long silence passed.

“Hmm.”

Monoras licked his lips and, without saying a word, turned and headed for the door.

"hey!"

Lethe hit the desk and stood up.

“I called you! Please do some work! Just looking at you makes me a thousand years old!”

Monoras asked indifferently.

“What is it?”

It was known from the beginning of the birth of the Underworld that it was not worth using a bad basket.

“Go on a business trip. There's a problem with the purification system right now, so we'll have to call in a specialist. The city of magic engineering, Laviette. Tell the Grand Duke to come this way.”

When Monoras was about to leave the room without a word of understanding, Lethe spoke quickly.

“Don’t take bribes. okay?"

"yes."

“Don’t even accept entertainment. Don't hit the demons, don't bully the residents, and don't use power. No, no.”

Lethe waved her hand.

“Just do it. It's okay to do everything, so please do your job properly. Don't leak anywhere else. huh?"

"Do not worry. Who am I'?”

Who are you?

Monoras, who turned around in front of the door, gave a wink with a nice smile.

“This is Monoras, the chief secretary of the chemical company.”

Lethe, who had been staring blankly with her mouth open, sat down in her chair.

“… … I will really go crazy.” Long after noon, Sirone and Amy arrived in the southern part of Tormia Kingdom.

The damage to the demons was not so great, but the aftermath of the emotional disease spread to this place.

Amidst the screams from door to door, Amy pointed the way to the Noble Quarter.

“As far as I remember, that building is right.”

It was so gigantic that it was comparable to the Karmis family's mansion.

Sirone confirmed the surname 'Cross' engraved on the nameplate.

“Kayden.”

Amy nodded.

“I will be at my hometown. I checked the formation of the Valkyrie unit just in case, but they didn't enlist.”

“Do you still like Maya?”

“So you must be stuck. If you like it that much, why don't you confess? I'm going to die of boredom."

“But Caden… …

“Yes, I was destined for the Red Cross. The ability to use your 100% potential in everything else, even though what you really want never comes true. At the time, I thought it was absurd, but... …

Now that I have approached the truth of the world, I can fully understand Cayden's feelings.

“The fate of reaching the limit of the law at the cost of giving up the heart. Perhaps that is the mechanism, the Red Cross.”

"That's why I asked you. If it's a miracle stream, maybe there's a way. If Cayden joins, it will be of great help to mankind's power.”

Sirone also had no objection to that.

“Okay, let’s go in.”

There was a knock on the door from outside, but neither the guard nor the butler came to meet him.

Since he was one of the best families in the kingdom, he must have been able to control his emotional illness well, but he was still struggling.

“Who are you?”

Just as I was thinking about getting over the fence, a man in a martial uniform walked over from the garden.

He was Caden's father.

"hello. This is Amy. Karmis Amy.”

Cayden's father, who had been watching her, rather looked at Sirone and his eyes lit up.

“Is it Yahweh?”

"hello. I want to meet Cayden.”

The door opened, and Caden's father walked into the mansion with his hands behind his back.

“I knew someone would come. Unless my son is really an idiot. come in.”

The mansion was cold and even the air was cold.

The reason why I couldn't blame the emotional illness was because I felt the chill that had lasted for a very long time.

“It has been a long time since we spoke. Did you say Fisho, he hasn't come out of the basement since he went to the funeral.”

Father knocked on the iron door.

“Kaden, your friends are here.” He didn't hear an answer, so he sighed and went up the stairs.

“From now on, take care of yourself. maybe dead It's a pity. The family genius... …

There was a sense of loss in his voice that he couldn't do anything until the world was destroyed.

When her father left, Sirone made eye contact with Amy and knocked on the door again.

“Kaden, I am Sirone. Amy is here too. Can I talk to you for a second?”

"??????go back."

It was a sound I couldn't hear without putting my ears to it, but it was definitely Kayden's voice.

said Amy.

“I will be back soon. I have something to tell you about Maya.”

I tried throwing a bait, but there was no response until 5 minutes had passed since then.

“Sirone, let’s open it.”

Amy pointed to the doorknob.

“Can you open it? open it."

“Coercive methods do not help persuasion. If Cayden doesn't want to... …

“There is no reaction even after hearing the word Maya. If you're stuck inside yourself, it doesn't matter one way or another. Someone has to go in and get them out.”

It made sense, so Sirone cast Miracle Stream on the doorknob.

Quietly, as the lock unlocked and the door opened, the sound of a pen brushing paper quickly was heard.

“No, this is not it!”

At the dark desk, Cayden was drawing with a single light.

“… … oh my god."

Seeing the room covered with Mayan paintings, Amy gave goosebumps.

“Not even this!” Cayden threw the paper he was drawing on to the floor and pulled out a new one.

At first, I thought it was a failure, but when Sirone entered and checked it, it was the perfect Maya face.

'The technique is very strange. How did you... …

Sirone looked back at Cayden and stopped thinking.

“Huh. uh huh.”

Can you call that a painting?

Cayden was just drawing his pen from left to right at breakneck speed.

'It's just a straight line.' However, when the lines continued to be added and became planes, a picture of perfect intaglio was born.

"no! This is not it!”

Cayden threw away the paper again and this time held a pen in each of his right and left hands.

The feast of lines created by moving both hands at the same time was drawing a new Maya.

"shit! why! why!"

Cayden, who threw the finished painting away on the floor, clutched his head and wept.

“Why can’t I draw Maya?”

Sirone watched him with sad eyes.

did

'Technically, there is no problem. No, it has already transcended human limits. but… …

In Caden's eyes, she would not be Maya.

'Because I love her.'

No painting can contain the essence of a woman named Maya.

“Kayden.”

Sirone put his hand on Caden's shoulder.

“Go to Maya. She's in a dangerous place right now. She might die.”

“… … I can't.”

Caden said with a desperate look on his face.

“I can’t draw Maya. If you can't draw, you can't protect it. I won't.”

Amy finally realized why Cayden had been drawing like crazy.

“Maya is now… …

Sirone keeps quiet about the simultaneous incident, but this time he conveyed the information.

“It’s as bad as you.”

Caden's gaze first turned to Sirone.