[398] The rapidly changing situation (2)

Shiina arrived at the inn in a drunken state after finishing the ceremony to commemorate the official 5th grade wizard promotion.

She received numerous bouquets of flowers, but what she brought back were the flowers that Sirone had given her.

Taking off my shoes and looking down, I saw dozens of congratulatory letters from various organizations.

Shiina sat down at the desk with a pile of correspondence, flipped her hair, examining them one by one.

There was no end to the Tormia Defense Magic Research Institute, the Royal Magic Museum, the Climate Association, and the Wizard Pension Corporation.

“Whoa, it looks like I succeeded too.”

Shiina took off her coat and stood up. A hangover isn't a problem for her, but she was sweating so much that she wanted to wash up first.

Taking off her coat and throwing it on the desk, she found a unique institutional seal in the stack of letters.

“Kaizen Swordsmanship Academy?”

She was born in the Olifer family and had always lived as a wizard, so she had no special relationship with swordsmanship.

“Is this the person you met at the teachers’ meeting?”

Shiina opened the letter and checked the name.

Parka Quan.

"ah… … Mr. Kuan.”

Quan was the person I met last year when I went out to see the line due to the pressure from the Olifer family.

I remember that it was not a bad place. Although his tone was cold and his demeanor cold, he did not cross the line of rudeness.

“How did you know and sent the letter?”

You may have heard it through the teacher association. However, swordsmanship and magic are completely different fields, so if I hadn't paid attention to them, I would have been unaware of them.

“This should be answered.”

Shiina sat back in the chair with only her underwear on. Opening her drawer and taking out her stationery, she dabbed her fountain pen with her ink and brought it to her paper.

Tok.

The dot on the white paper did not move for a long time.

'Brother Armin... … .'

If there was only one person who wanted to be congratulated, it was Armin.

A person who gave up his eyes for himself as a child. If it wasn't for him, he wouldn't have dreamed of getting to where he is today.

Shiina put the dotted stationery in the drawer. She felt sorry for Kuan, but there was no vacancy in her heart with the afterimage of Armin, who had already left.

'How are you? It seems that the works are not even released.'

Since he left while working at Creas, not a single letter had come from him.

I was worried that something had happened, as he had sent me a letter at least every three months.

'but. Because he's a lot smarter than me.'

Who can care about whom?

Although she became a certified 5th-class wizard, in front of Armin, Shiina was still just the crybaby sister of her childhood.

Shiina looked up at the ceiling and smiled sadly.

“Whoops. Brother, did I do well?”

* * *

It was the most terrible dream of my life.

Numerous Maras attacked from a hole the size of a city in the sky.

Beings called demons, demons, and gods by humans were destroying all living things on the ground.

so lost everyone

Among the corpses spread like a field, all the people Sirone loved were dead.

'no! no!'

Sirone sobbed in front of Amy's corpse.

Her gaze, unable to close her eyes, was looking at the dozens of Maras floating in the sky in pity.

'Aaaaaaa!'

Ataraxia was accumulating at a frightening speed. When Sirone's hair stood on end, a huge flash of light shook the sky.

Maras were buried in the light and disappeared.

The moment the entire world was filled with light, darkness rushed in from the outside and quickly covered the light.

Sirone was left alone in the dark. Even the name of solitude did not suit the only human left in the world.

Sirone knelt down and sobbed. He cried into the darkness to bring back the lost.

“S-ro-yes-yeo.”

A muffled voice broke through the eardrum.

A small, thin flash passed, and the darkness opened up and down, revealing huge pupils.

Sirone's eyes widened. In the center of the huge pupil, his own image was reflected, distorting his face like a demon.

“… … ! … … !”

Sirone shouted as she coughed up blood. It was the first time in his life that he had hated anything.

But the voice was not audible, as if submerged in water.

The huge eyes that were just indifferently stuck in the darkness continued to speak in a muddy voice.

“You have the right and duty to answer the questions left to you.”

“… … ! … … !”

Tears of blood flowed from both eyes. All kinds of curse words and abusive language were shot at the pupils.

Losing control even in his dreams, he struck down the darkness with both fists. He had resentment, resentment, and longing on his trembling shoulders.

The huge eyes looked at Sirone for the first time. There was no pupil movement, but it must have been.

As if she suddenly had ears, Sirone could finally hear her own voice in her dreams.

“What? What question am I supposed to answer?”

“… … .”

the pupil asked.

“Huh!”

Surprised, Sirone straightened her upper body. My eyes caught my eye on the blanking plate on the desk with memo pads sticking to it.

'my room. That's my room... … .'

Sirone collapsed on the desk again. A cold sweat broke out on his forehead, and his body felt weak as if he had been exhausted.

“Whoa, what the hell is it? Why do I have such a strange dream... … .”

Feeling the texture of the paper clinging to his cheek, he straightened up. Among the densely written notes, one word caught my eye.

destruction of heaven.

I fell asleep after studying magic all night. It's literally like developing genocidal magic. I wondered if I was having a nightmare with the added stress that there was still no solution.

It was already 5:00 in the morning.

Sirone neatly organized his notes. Ten books of ideas related to heaven-destroying magic have already been turned into notebooks. Our understanding of God Particles has improved, but the probability of meeting Gaold's proposed criteria is still 0%.

'No, there is a way. maybe… … .'

If completed, it will be the most destructive magic in the world. Even so, the reason I can't give up is because I still have a faint echo like the correct answer in my brain.

After washing herself with warm water, Sirone left the accommodation with a notebook and pen in her crossbody bag.

The graduation class that started in winter was already heading toward summer. The night had shortened, and it had just dawned, and the air was refreshing as if mixed with carbonated water. There was a clear sound of birds chirping in the forest.

'Can I really go to heaven?'

When I met Gaold, it seemed like a year would pass. However, as he lived in the busy schedule of his senior year, it felt like all the promises related to him were unraveling like a dream.

"uh? Sirone?”

Sirone turned her head to see Maya sitting on a garden bench and blinking. In her hands, she was holding a mug filled with steaming coffee.

“Maya, what are you doing at this hour?”

"huh? I always get up now Because I have to play weather music. You?”

Although Sirone wakes up every morning to the sound of music, he never thought of such a trivial trouble.

"Oh, I see. I woke up early I have some time left, so I am going for a walk.”

"I see."

The two of them became closer than before after occupying the high ground, but the situation where they met alone was not created because they wanted to, so an awkward air flow flowed.

Maya, who lowered her head and pushed the mug away with her thumb, gathered up the courage and pointed to the seat next to the bench.

“Do you want to sit down?”

Sirone did not decline. He was just out to cool her head, but being with Maya wasn't a bad choice either.

While a wizard draws a line like a knife in each area, Maya strides in beyond the line and caresses the pain of others.

As a magician, Sirone was embarrassed at first because he didn't want to pass on the work he was supposed to do to others.

But now I have to admit it honestly.

Her kindness was an oasis that moistened Sirone's heart, which was gradually desolate from the intense graduation schedule.

“Would you like a drink? It’s still warm.”

Maya handed over coffee mixed with sugar and milk. Sirone, suffering from stress, had no reason to refuse sweets. Of course, since the opponent was Maya, he could touch it without hesitation.

“Yeah, thank you.”

As Sirone put her mouth together and drank the coffee, Maya's face turned red and smiled shyly.

“Is something wrong? Your expression looks dark.”

Sirone groaned and leaned back on the bench.

“I’ve been thinking about something lately, but I haven’t been able to figure it out. I haven't been able to sleep for days and I'm thinking about it. Besides, I had a terrible nightmare today. That's why I don't feel good.”

Even in Maya's eyes, Sirone's body was very thin. She was on the rise in her senior year, so I thought she wouldn't have any worries, but it didn't seem like that when she reached the level of Shirou 4.

“Don't think too hard. It's like that when I sing sometimes too. If you try to sing too well, there are cases where it is strangely overpowered and it does not work well.”

Sirone also experienced the insight that if you don't empty your mind, your mind won't flow.

But that alone cannot make a great deal.

When the dam is opened in the state of being squeezed to the limit, the mind becomes a huge torrent and reaches a genius idea.

“Hmm, I don’t know. Whether it's easy or hard, it has to make sense. I might go crazy if I do this.”

Sirone tilted her head. Diligent birds were flying across the sky in search of breakfast.

Maya's expression changed to pity. How much trouble did she have to make the dark circles under her eyes look so thick?

“Sirone… … .”

Maya's hand covered Sirone's hand. Even in the midst of this, Sirone's gaze was fixed on the sky.

There was no way to know whether it was because he was immersed in thought or not, or whether he knew but tolerated it, but just the fact that he was holding Sirone's hand made his heart feel like it would burst.

“Sirone, can you tell me what's going on? No matter how brilliant a person is, there are times when they miss the smallest details. If you seek help from others, you may find a solution.”

Sirone blinked slowly.

'Hmm, seek help? That's a good way too. But this is a state secret, so to whom... … huh?'

Sirone's eyelids stiffened open. It was such a static disposition that you might think it was dead when you saw it from a distance.

Maya didn't notice the change in Sirone.

I want to comfort Sirone. yourself, not anyone else. She became his woman.

She felt her body lean toward Sirone. The thought crossed her mind that she could still be like this, but if she didn't like it, she would have expressed her refusal from the moment I held her hand.

Maybe Sirone is also waiting for the next one to come?

Gaining objective courage from her subjective thoughts, Maya gently opened her chubby lips and advanced toward Sirone's mouth.

“Sirone, maybe I… … .”

“God Particles.”

"huh?"

Unknown sounds leaked from Sirone's mouth.

Get help. There are limits to being alone.

The light that flowed feebly in my brain was amplified at a tremendous speed, giving me goosebumps. Finally, with a feeling of refreshment as if my brain was being pierced, my head went white.

"Maya!"

“Mi, sorry! i just... … !”

Maya hurriedly crouched down. It wasn't until he came to his senses that he realized what he was trying to do. A perfect situation to be mistaken for a pervert, or maybe not a pervert for real?

Sirone put down the mug with a thunk and stared at Maya.

“Hey, sirone, so you know, why did I do that… … .”

And without a second to hear, he hugged Maya.

Maya's eyes widened. As her head grew hazy, the joy of having her world filled her.

“Thank you, thank you very much! I finally figured it out!”

Cirone, who had grabbed Maya by the shoulder and vigorously shook her, jumped out carrying her crossbody bag like a half-fazed person.

"Sorry! I have work to do! See you later!”

When Sirone, who was running with all her might, stumbled and stumbled, Maya jumped to her feet. But before he could shout, he regained his balance and moved away from the other side of the park.

Maya heard her own heart beating. Today was not a lucky day, but a windfall.

Maya exclaimed with a happy smile.

“Sirone! To work hard! Go for it!"

Instead of answering, Sirone raised her fist.

---------------------------------------