[625] Magic of Banya (2)

Endless flashes of light flooded the center of Inpercus, which was enveloped in a huge light.

Aaaaaa!

Because it was the strongest creature, the dragon's scream made me feel unknown fear.

“Fourteen percent! 11 percent!”

As the analysts shouted, the audience clenched their fists without even blinking their eyelids.

'Is it really possible?'

In history as well as in mythology, one handful of events were being reproduced right in front of my eyes.

Krrrrr!

Just then, Inpercus wriggled viciously in a massive storm.

“The magic is being restored! 13 percent! Fifteen percent!”

“It sounds like a geeky inspiration. What are you going to do if you set up the concentration of magical power?”

It was proof that it was not a program designed with clear assuming from the beginning that it was hung up on reality.

“17 percent! 19 percent! Keep going up!”

As Inpercus's head gradually bent toward the ground, the contestants equipped their magic with tired expressions.

"damn! hold on! Concentrate your firepower!”

While everyone was preoccupied with the dragon, only Sirone turned and headed towards the corner.

"no."

said the woman in the hood.

“I can’t stand that.”

Key eh eh!

Infercus' back, which was trying to escape the quasar by concentrating its magical energy, was bent to such an extent that the spine was bent.

“It is condensed. You have crossed the threshold.”

As Baikal said, as the size of the quasar decreased, the impact began to increase.

“Nine percent! 7 percent!”

At that point, the dragon's body twisted.

“Four percent! 2 percent! 1 percent... … !”

Elizabeth's rising voice snapped and her eyes shook in shock.

Aaaaaa!

A dragon of 360 million magiccles was being sucked in along with the quasar that dissipated into dots.

Kieheh... … .

The screams faded away like memories of the past, and everyone in the Colosseum couldn't move with a stunned look on their faces.

“It really sucked. the dragon... … .”

- Ends self-denial survival evaluation. 28 final survivors. After a while, the second evaluation will begin.

In a situation that did not feel real, the participants first turned their eyes to where Sirone was.

Already preparing for the next evaluation and closing my eyes, I could read the concentration that gave me goosebumps.

"brown… … !”

A scout from another country jumped up from the VIP seat.

"bravo!"

As if it had been promised, numerous scouts uttered compliments in their own languages, and the audience gave a standing ovation.

Even while showers of applause shook the Colosseum, Baikal was still motionless.

'Is this your answer, Sirone?'

Elizabeth turned her head away, unable to contain her excitement.

“Evaluator, you have to give a review.”

Baikal, who was lost in thought until the applause died down, finally opened his heavy mouth.

“It’s S.”

Lara smiled and recorded the grade.

"Incredible. Clear level 10. I have never been so excited about working as a scout.”

Baikal asked Elizabeth.

“Check the records for the entire kingdom of Tormia. Are there any cases where you succeeded in clearing stage 10?”

"there is."

Elizabeth's eyes glowed blue.

“Nineteen years ago, here at Alpheas Magic School, there was a record of passing level 10 for the first time in the kingdom. It was the first evaluation like today, and the final survivors were 15 people.”

“It was 19 years ago. Who was the top passer at the time?”

Blinking through the information, she said.

“This is Mikea Garold.”

There was no way Baikal would not know the name of the former head of the Magic Association.

“… … Are you trying to follow a madman?”

-From now on, the selection of the second evaluation of the graduation exam begins. One of the five disciplines, excluding self-control survival, is adopted.

Even in the event that wrote a new history in the kingdom's magic school, the system was just indifferent.

"Ah, that's stupid. On a day like today, let the contestants rest more! You're ruining the game."

As the middle-aged man complained, the woman in the hood crookedly leaned her head on her fist and muttered.

“We don’t take exams to win… … .”

The man's face was wrinkled.

“Hey, lady. I've been holding back from a while ago, but if there's anything you want to say, say it directly to me. Pretending to mumble but not using honorifics. Who the hell are you?”

The hooded woman turned her head away.

“Who is that uncle? Seeing you here, I don't think you're a parent either.”

“You mean you don’t know me?”

The man took out of his bag the Spirit magazine, which was published three years ago, and proudly displayed it.

The title of the article was written in the special plan column.

Foltar, a man who loves magic, looks back on 27 years of civilian scouting

"aha?"

“Did you know now? It's the 30th year this year. The Magic Association's Kreas branch also gives you a special visitor's pass."

“At the association? Incredible."

"of course. Because magic is like my life. We meticulously record and keep all the records of the graduates of the Alpheas School of Magic, as well as the evolution of regulation magic.”

“Awesome. If you have that kind of passion, why don’t you officially scout?”

Poltar's eyes darkened.

“When I was young and crazy about magic, I once dreamed of becoming a wizard. But life just doesn't go the way you want it to.”

“Any special story?”

Poltar turned his head sadly.

“No Spirit Zone.”

“… … .”

“Even though I memorized the rules of magic, it still doesn’t work. Even after 30 years, this is difficult. Ha, it seems to happen sometimes... … .”

The woman looked back without answering.

“By the way, who are you? Except for the officials, they can observe only with the approval of the association.”

"Me? Are you a student here?”

“Ah, it was an advanced class.”

For some reason, I thought the words he was saying were out of the ordinary.

“Then I should watch it with my friends, why are you here?”

“Just. Because no one really knows... … .”

Poltar looked on pitifully.

“Oops. Are you being bullied?”

"yes… … Well, something similar.”

Foltar's hand tapped the woman's back.

“Cheer up! dream big! Do you know if you work hard? Can you really become the best wizard in the world! You are still young!”

'I'm not that young... … .'

They look young, but there's no need to reveal it.

“Chuck! Anyway, today is really great! It's been a long time since I've had such an exciting graduation exam!”

A guide voice was heard.

-Determine the 2nd evaluation item.

A circular hologram appeared above the heads of the participants scattered throughout the Colosseum.

The arrows rotated along the remaining five events while the lights were turned off in the self-defense survival category.

'How much has it recovered?'

What the participants waiting for the second evaluation were most concerned about was Sirone's current state of mind.

Complete recovery is impossible without magic, and in fact, the complexion was noticeably pale compared to the beginning.

'What on earth are you doing that for?'

Sirone's friends watched anxiously.

'When the evaluation begins, most of them will focus on attacking Sirone. There is a need to form a faction according to the sport.'

If the rivals unite, the friends will also unite, and the focal point was, of course, Sirone.

'Sirone first. Even if I'm tired, I'm 1st in graduation. It's in my favor to deal with it quickly.'

Amidst different thoughts, an arrow finally pointed to a slot.

"ha."

Depending on the event, there would be pros and cons, but what was clear was that no participants would welcome this event now.

-Person-to-person combat (measurement of combat power).

“Wowaaaaaa!”

As it is the most popular event in the graduation exam, the audience's reaction was explosive.

'It must be really crazy.'

As such, the hardships of the participants were clearly visible, but there were no foolish people wasting their time complaining.

'Hit sirone.'

Almost at the same time, all 28 people entered the spirit zone, and most of the participants threw their bodies at Sirone.

On the contrary, Sirone's friends took a position against them and pushed in from the opposite direction.

'Person-to-person combat. In the beginning, it's unconditionally a factional war.'

Amy, who had already been hit by a golden ring in the graduation exam a year ago, was thinking of building a united front.

At that time, Iruki and Nade, who made the same decision, join her left and right and head towards Sirone.

'Elysion!'

Above the heads of all participants except Sirone, the photon cannon's flash fell in a diagonal line.

"what!"

bang! Kwak Kwa Kwa Kwam!

When the battle opened due to unexpected circumstances, the participants who rolled on the floor looked at Sirone with blank expressions.

"ha. ha."

He was already exhausted from firing twenty-seven shots at the same time, his head bowed and he was gasping for breath.

The footsteps of the approaching friends stopped abruptly, and Sirone, who slowly stepped back, waved her hand as if to come in.

“Such a madman… … !”

The participants, who realized the gesture that they would deal with all of them, expressed their willingness to live with uncontrollable anger.

“Worst decision.”

Baikal opened his mouth.

“… … I'd like to say, but I can't now. After all, I was properly stabbed in the back of the head in the first evaluation.”

“Still, it’s impossible to deal with everyone. Besides, you are already exhausted.”

“I agree, but the word impossible is a bit harsh. Even if 27 people unite, it's not cage level.”

It was true.

“But I can’t help feeling unpleasant.”

Leaving Gabulga, as a single magician, I couldn't feel good about Sirone's decision now.

“No. 27. Who do you think you are?”

Most of the contestants, whose pride was hurt, rushed at Sirone with their eyes closed.

“You will have to answer, Sirone.”

At the beginning of the second evaluation, Baikal asked Sirone another question.

"you… … Are you that great?”

A wide flash of light flashed, and Sirone took advantage of the moment when the participants hesitated and flew up into the sky.

While everyone raised their eyes to the sky, the hooded woman followed Sirone's flash and said,

“The reason why geniuses are not recognized by the majority is because they deny the existing system.”

Who could have accepted that time and space are intertwined into one system?

“It’s not like jealousy or envy. Rather, it is the realm of understanding. They cannot accept it because the system is different.”

The moment Foltar looked back at the rather grandiose discourse, the woman grabbed the armrest and jumped up.

“But I understand, Sirone. stick to it Even if the whole world denies you... … .”

The woman pulled back her hood to reveal her face, her arms wide open and her chin raised arrogantly.

'I, the strongest maze, understands you.'

“Oh, sit down! You can't see it!”

“… … sorry."

When the person behind him pointed and shouted, the embarrassed Miro shook his head and sat down.

“Come down! After all, do you mean running away!”

The contestants fired intensive fire at Sirone, who was flying through the sky by teleportation.

Friends who did not understand at first could now fully understand Sirone's meaning.

'You really want to become a wizard.'

The corners of Iruki's mouth, which made his decision, were bizarrely torn.

'Then the desired sea, Sirone!'

As atomic springs exploded in succession and soared into the sky, Sirone flew to the edge of the Colosseum with its wide wings spread.

'This can't be done, this can't be done... … .'

In the end, countless negative words about not being able to become a wizard slipped out of my mind.

"doesn't care. Even if not everyone.”

As the wings flapped, his body landed on the back of the ataraxia that had been piled up at the end of the Colosseum.

“I am a wizard!”

A white sphere was born in front of Sirone's eyes and vibrated terribly, and Lian smiled.

“Of course, Sirone.”

“That crazy… … !”

The participants who discovered Ataraxia hurriedly stopped charging and gritted their teeth with tired expressions.

'Photon Cannon!'

At the same time as the sphere of light passed through Ataraxia, all 27 people twisted their backs.

"damage! Scatter!”

A huge flash of light took over the entire Colosseum.

---------------------------------------