[376] Volume 16 - Senior Class Information Session (4)

Collie left the conference room and everyone stood up. The door was closed and we looked at each other, but no one said a word.

It was the beginning of the competition from the moment I realized the senior class rules.

After a while, Dante's group left first, followed by Boyle and Pandora, Arin and Canis.

Unfortunately, Sirone and the others who remained until the end did not feel the need to leave the conference room.

Shirone's legs gave out, and she collapsed on the chair.

“It's a really big deal. I never imagined it would be this hard.”

"I know. I can't do anything other than evaluate. How are you going to lead the study group in this state?”

Sirone looked back at Nade.

“You don’t have anything to do anyway?”

Iruki said.

“I said I had the right to give up the evaluation. no one is going to give up No one goes into senior year thinking they're going to get a low grade.”

“But if you pay too much attention to the score, there is a risk that your skills will be exposed. Then the probability of being checked or eliminated in the graduation exam will increase.”

An obvious example is Amy. Up until her final week of 30, she was ranked 5th in her graduating class, but in the exam, she was intensively checked and dropped out early.

Regardless of Fermi's collusion, the fact that he was the first candidate for graduation must have had an impact on the reason why students were easily agitated.

said Nade.

“Hmm, in the end, is it an evaluation score or a graduation test? process or result? That means you have to judge it well.”

“If the scout checks the score, I want to do my best. But even so, it's meaningless if you don't pass the graduation exam.”

Iruki added.

“The nerve conduction with the other students won’t be a joke.”

Sirone rested her chin and twisted her lips.

“I think it would be nice to be in the top 10, though. I don’t want to go into the exam room with low confidence.”

said Nade.

“Person-to-person combat has the lowest score, but the greatest discrimination. It is important not to lose points.”

“You will have to keep an eye on the tactical strategy. If you rank low, you will be in the bottom group. Score difference of up to 5 points. It's bleak to think that it builds up over 30 weeks.”

Iruki said.

“The ranking can be adjusted to some extent by strengthening the main skill. However, it is dangerous to go too far from the beginning. It’s best to adjust while looking at other students’ scores.”

After putting together their opinions, a rough outline was drawn. It was a one-year long journey, and it was necessary to decide the course of action as carefully as possible.

“For now, let’s wait until tomorrow’s meeting. Let's think about it after looking at the person-to-person battle schedule and the main special skill enhancement items.”

one more step (1)

The senior students received a call from Collie and went to one by one for a personal interview.

Sirone's graduating class was 23rd, so she was called up to 23rd in the rankings.

Evaluating students' personalities and academic attitudes is the main goal of the individual interviews, but the fact that the purpose is to register majors has not changed, no matter what rhetoric you put on them.

“Nice to meet you, Sirone-kun.”

Collie offered a handshake. Unlike yesterday's briefing session, he showed the same benevolence as before.

But Sirone no longer acted like a child in front of him.

"yes. I hope to go along well."

As we sat down with the table between us, Collie looked at the papers and adjusted her glasses.

“Get this first. This is the schedule for Sirone-kun’s anti-personnel battle.”

Sirone's hand holding the document trembled. He felt like he had obtained a confidential document that no one should know about.

The papers listed the opponents and dates for the interpersonal combat event. The first opponent was Dorothy.

'Ah, Dorothy.'

A four-dimensional girl who always carries a tin doll in her arms.

It seemed that he would not be pushed back in combat power. But he didn't have to fantasize about his enemies, as Flew advised.

Next, I looked at my friends' schedules.

Iruki, Nade, and Amy. All of them were assigned to the schedule for the second half of the year, which resumed after the vacation.

'Hmm, competing with friends is also a variable.'

Personally, I want to do my best no matter who my opponent is.

However, if the other players form a faction and share 1 point each, Sirone will have to think differently.

Collie pulled out the next document.

“Then I have to register my major from now on… … .”

It was understandable what the circumstances were, to blur the end of his words.

In the database of the red line, there are evaluation items for unlockers, but Sirone's battery is unique.

A god particle that gives mass.

The magic realized through it is differentiated from any magic that exists in the world.

In short, it meant that there was no criterion for evaluation.

“After the senior class promotion test, the school sent an official letter to the red line. I think I need a separate evaluation form. However, this is also a bit ambiguous, so to speak, your major is like a field that only you can learn in the world.”

In the Senior Class Promotion Test, Sirone was comprehensively evaluated for her unique battery, the skills that could be used with it, her achievement in the Spirit Zone, and her theoretical understanding.

“The only thing the school can confirm is the magic you used at the time. The problem is that the criteria become ambiguous because there is no basis for which direction it will develop.”

"yes. That makes perfect sense.”

Even if Sirone was an evaluator, it would have been the same.

If you evaluate Ataraxia, what level is the master difficulty? What about Photon Cannon? Wide or wide?

What's more, the school doesn't even know if they developed the magic called Gwangik.

And perhaps, not all of these circumstances worked to their advantage.

“So it seems that the association has caught the strand in principle. In other words, it measures only the phenomenon created by the combination of light and mass. Please read it once and tell me what you think.”

Sirone examined the evaluation sheet handed over. Twenty items about God Particles were written one after another.

There were 15 active magic questions and 5 passive magic questions. Active was mainly attack and defense, and passive was movement.

As she read the questions step by step, Sirone's expression hardened.

It didn't take long for her face to completely distort.

'Are you asking me to do this now?'

It's very difficult.

Of course, it seemed like it would be easy to get 3 or 4 points for each item, and there were also items that could get more than 7 points in advanced difficulty. However, level 10, the master difficulty level, was a level that was difficult to reach at the current level.

Sirone's gaze went all the way down and stopped at the note at the end of the form.

All items measure magic with God Particles applied. In addition, in the case of attack magic, it is recognized as an evaluation target from an impact of 20 or more.

20 crashes were about the average impact of the photon cannons that had been cast in actual battles so far.

In the end, it meant that even if God's particles were grafted, if the mass was reduced to an extremely small level, the evaluation standard could not be reached.

“Whoa.”

Sirone is back with the first entry.

Paragraph 1 was the standard for measuring the rate of fire, and at most a difficulty of 1 point was a whopping 60 rounds per minute.

'Sixty rounds per minute with 20 crash power?'

Of course, it is possible for Sirone today. But that didn't mean it was easy.

When he fought the Ice Queen in the old ruins, he showed a rate of fire of about 120 rounds per minute.

The problem is, it's the result of trying your best.

Looking at the standard of the master difficulty, it was two hundred rounds per minute.

It meant that you had to cast attack magic 3 or more times per second and endure it for 1 minute to get 10 points.

Sirone squinted one eye and scratched his head.

Collie, who understands his feelings, clasped his hands together and waited for him to organize his thoughts.

The projectile velocity item in paragraph 2 was no different.

The master difficulty is 140 meters per second. As a rule of thumb, it was twice as fast as the current Photon Cannon.

'What is it? Why did you decide this way?'

According to Amy's evaluation sheet, even fire magic wasn't up to this level.

The caloric item is a key component of flame, so it's understandable that it's difficult, but the other items were human difficulty based on the average level of the students.

On the other hand, God Particles were too harsh. This was no different from saying not to graduate from magic school this year.

Just look at the 'illumination' of the passive item.

The master difficulty is a whopping 500,000 lumens. It was a figure that could never be reached with normal Shining Magic.

However, the Association judges that it is possible if it deals with God Particles.

With the magic of Shining Impact, the illuminance was raised to 300,000 lumens.

But if it's 500,000 lumens... … Even if the people of the association are mistaken, they are doing it for a long time.

If it is 500,000 lumens, it is not an auxiliary type, it is just an attack magic.

It was strong enough to penetrate the eyelids and cause fatal damage to the retina if the eyes were not covered with hands.

Sirone looked at Collie and pointed at the evaluation sheet.

“Hey, this… … .”

“Yes, it is an evaluation item to strengthen your main specialty presented by the association. Is the difficulty higher than expected?”

“It is not high. No matter how semi-professional your graduating class is, this is a bit... … .”

Collie nodded as if she understood.

“Sirone, I think you are a very good student. But I mean... … When it comes to your main specialty, I can't tell how much better you are than anyone else. Because there is no comparison.”

Collie looked down at the copy of the evaluation sheet and continued.

“From the association’s point of view, it is not particularly dangerous to set the difficulty level high. only you are embarrassed Downward, on the other hand, needs to be cautious. What if I lowered the difficulty and you pass too easily? There is room for that to be directly linked to the issue of equity in the entire magic school under the Red Line.”

I understand that there are practical problems. Obviously, it's natural to be more careful about downwards rather than upwards.

“But couldn’t it be the other way around? It’s against fairness that I’m the only one with a high level of difficulty.”

Collie's lips moved left and right.

"okay. The association is conservative. I'm conservative too. In your own words, you would be a kkondae.”

"no. I mean to criticize... … .”

“This is the first assumption.”

When Collie stopped talking, Sirone immediately shut up as well.

“Now I will tell you the second assumption. Maybe, the evaluation you are looking at right now might be the correct standard.”

"accurate… … standard?”

“It's not about seeing how much stronger you are than others. It's about looking at the level of your major. For example, fire magic is more difficult than air magic. Air is accessible to everyone, but fire is not. Differences in affinity lead to differences in omnipotence, and omnipotence is closely related to talent. That's why the evaluation of fire magic's main skill is more difficult than atmospheric magic. It's because there are people with better talent on average. Do you think this is against equity?”

Sirone did not answer.

“Sirone, society is not so easy. Let's say there is an announcement in the association's official document that one fire mage is urgently needed. Dozens of fire mages will gather and the highest level will be selected. However, none of the dropouts say they are unfair because they are stronger than other wizards. It is such a world.”

Saliva went down Sirone's throat.

“It doesn’t matter that the difficulty level is higher than others. It's different from the battery you have in the first place. You have a powerful battery that others cannot imitate. So that's what the people of the association are saying. If it is possible to give mass to light, isn’t it a professional to be able to do at least this much?”

“… … .”

Collie folded her hands on the table.

“Now I have a choice. As a head teacher, I presented two assumptions about the evaluation paper. The association is conservative and only the crosses gathered, and the association's eyes are correct. Judgment is yours. If you choose the former, you can register for another department as your major, and if you are the latter, you can accept it.”

---------------------------------------