[684] Heonhwa (4)

* * *

Arriving at the entrance of the flower, Sirone realized that a unique signal was tracking through the Ultima system.

'what?'

It was one of the most intuitive signals I've ever encountered.

Sirone shouted at the information with a consistency close to that of the previous stage of the Ultima System.

"damage!"

Dragon language - anti-fog.

A collision of electric charges occurred in the place where the party was scattered, and electric shocks were emitted.

“Hey!”

As the charge moved along the electrolyte in the rain, the current spread out in a spherical shape.

The wizard was able to get out of the radius by teleportation, but Lian had no choice but to be completely shocked.

“Aw! Aww!”

Kido, who had been bouncing while hitting the floor with his spear, slipped with his hands on the ground.

"hey! You almost died!”

If the attack earlier was magic, there was no way that Sirone, who was spreading the Spirit Zone, wouldn't have known about it.

“Sorry, I didn’t feel it. And it's not magic.”

It is not a spirit zone.

Like Elysion, it was as vigilant as it was, and if it were not for the Ultima System, it would not have been able to warn of the attack before it was launched.

“Are you here, hybrids?”

Kido frowned at the figure standing in the rain and raised his glasses.

“Combat Minister Draker. It is a dragon horse.”

The fact that half of the face was covered with scales could be expected for the body as well.

The dragon's amber eyes, its sharp teeth aligning precisely, and its cold body, which does not fog up even in the winter rain, reminded us of the cold-blooded dragons.

“This guy should be a little nervous.”

Kido swung his spear and got ready to fight.

“That guy is the strongest in Radum.”

“That is correct.”

Draker expressed his displeasure.

“But talking about strength like a goblin seems to be tarnishing my nobility.”

Even in the eyes of the dragon, the top predator in the food chain, Kido did not waver.

His mind, which converts the experience of eating into the whole experience, was flowing calmly like a river.

Lian put the big sword over his shoulder and stepped out.

“I will handle it.”

Some are attracted by the name of the strongest, but the remaining three have a crucial role in finding La Enemy.

“Lian, that guy… … .”

"I know."

He didn't have a sense as sensitive as Sirone's, but Draker's speculation was terrifying enough that even that didn't matter.

“I don’t have the confidence to win while protecting someone.”

It meant that if you didn't protect it, you could win, so Drakker growled with his arms crossed.

“If you pretend to be like that, do you think you’re on the same level as me? You guys can't move a single step here.”

Ryan said without hesitation.

"good."

The three of them moved at the same time, but the dragon's eyes accurately caught Sirone, who was in the lead.

'You're inviting death.'

As he was about to kick off the ground, a terrifying energy ran down Draker's spine.

When I quickly turned my gaze, Lian, who was clearly motionless, was approaching in front of me before I knew it.

Axing-deny.

“Something like bugs!”

When Drakker raised his arm toward the thunderbolt of the great sword, there was a bang.

It was not a sound that could be heard from living things.

'hard. A clumsy attack won't even bite your teeth.'

Drakker, who blocked the force that could split an elephant with his arm, said with a sneer.

“Only this much… … huh?"

A tremendous force surged from the Daejikdo, which was already in contact, and began to press him down.

“Big!”

Drakker, who finally felt the seriousness, pushed his whole body with strength, and the solid ground caved in, burying his legs.

'Nonsense! How in this state?'

If human power is human power, the power of a dragon horse is called dragon power.

The reason for the different names is that the unit of biologically exerted power itself is of a different dimension.

“You cheeky bastard!”

As Draker swung his arm with all his might, Lian lifted lightly and landed on the ground.

"What happened? Have you already entered?”

All of Sirone's party safely infiltrated the flower, but Draker's pride did not allow him to look back.

“I will kill you.”

Dragon Stone - Dragon Stone.

Drakker, who added momentum with the power of dragon words, launched a physical attack, and Lian's legs rose.

“Keugh!”

It penetrated the building and was pushed back a whopping 1 kilometer.

bang! bang! bang! bang!

The repeated blows of wood, stone, and steel structures on his back almost knocked Lian out of consciousness.

'Stop!'

I tried to deny it, but rather, Lian's brakes were smashed.

'stop!'

Denai entered in succession.

'Stop!'

Three hundred walls were pierced, and dozens of steel frames rode on Lian's body and bent before breaking.

“I mean stop!”

By the time the building stopped in the middle of the collapsed rubble, it was already more than two kilometers away from the real flower.

"you… … Are you really human?”

Draker, who was still facing him, looked at Lian with an expression of disbelief.

"I don't know. It's been a long time since I forgot about that.”

'A manpower equal to the dragon's power... … .'

It is impossible for humans to kill dragons through physical calculations that are converted into numbers.

“Would you like to become a dragon slayer?”

After all, something more than strength.

It was no coincidence that the heroes in the legend of the dragon slayer all had firm convictions.

“Sorry, but I don’t deal with fakes.”

Drakker's eyes contained the dragon's anger.

“What an insignificant human being!”

When Draker slammed his sword with his foot, Lian was pushed through the wall of the building at great speed.

"I'll crush you!"

In the eyes of Draker, who entered after him, he saw Lian, who was already waiting, brandishing a straight sword vertically.

'Cut!'

Rian's belief, Maha's will, began to divide everything from the end of the world.

'what?'

An optical illusion caused by the negation of the law.

The reason why you can't feel the flow of time in the scene of the world being split is because time and space are being pushed into the whole.

“I am a dragon horse!”

Dragon language - heaven and earth dichotomy.

As the binary numbers 0 and 1 were separated up and down like electrodes, the horizon separating the sky and the ground spread out.

Lian's vertical line squared the horizon.

Aaaaaang!

Lian's law cuts through the center, and Draker's law pulls and separates it from both sides.

none are absolute

“Aaaaaaa!”

Rian and Draker both shouted their spirits at the same time.

Whoops!

The two laws intertwined like a storm, causing the seven-story building to inflate like a balloon and burst outward.

* * *

“What are you talking about?”

Quan drew his sword and looked back to where the sound came from.

Looking at the smoke rising even in the heavy rain, I couldn't believe that it was not magic.

“Is anyone still out there? what are you doing?"

"go."

Arya said.

“My mission is over. You don't have to protect me anymore.”

Her words were true, but she was leaving the body behind as her body temperature had dropped to dangerous levels from the heavy rain.

'I'm guessing that rescue is impossible anyway.'

Quan's fighting power should be used for something far more constructive than taking Arya out.

"are you okay. I can hold on.”

I was just saying this to reassure you, I already knew that I was waiting for death.

“I’ll be right back.”

Unknowingly, Quan turned around.

"aria!"

Then the sound of horses hooves stepped on the rain and Brooks came running with his men.

It was a chance to entrust Arya, but Quan, a soldier to the bone, had doubts first.

“Why did you come in? Don't you know it's a classified area?"

"shit! I couldn't help it either! aria! Wake!"

Brooks, who was reluctant to shoot Kuan, slapped Arya unconscious.

“Get in the wagon! go back!”

“Did you come all the way here to rescue a woman?”

The moment Brooks chose an answer, he opened the carriage door and Venezia, the head of Spectrum, got out.

“Take me to La Enemy.”

Quan turned to Brooks and demanded an explanation.

"I don't know either! He saved the one who went to cardiac arrest, and that's it! I was going to lock it up, but they say you can see Ra Enemy!”

Although he wasn't deeply involved in this project, he wasn't blind enough to not know what Lufist wanted.

“Give me the Nemesis.”

Quan, who stared at Venezia as she extended her hand, grabbed her sword and hugged her at the waist.

"later. For now, infiltrate the flower.”

Anyway, this solved everything.

“Take Arya to the doctor. It seems infected.”

Before he could hear the answer, Quan kicked off the ground and flew up, staying at the critical point of the fall for a while before rising even higher.

Brooks sighed and muttered as everyone put on their dazed faces.

“Where the hell do you get these guys from?”

* * *

The fire tribe's unique incarnation technique, Small World Creation.

Instead of acting on their own, plants create a world in which they can act in combination with many others.

There is still no subjectivity (Geumgang Armed Forces).

However, if it is assimilated into an object like a living flower, it should be said that there is a degree of decision-making right (rated control).

'The main system... … .'

Flallino, feeling the entire organ of the living flower like a nerve, realized that Jane had succeeded.

'Does it bother us until the end?'

It wasn't once or twice that he wanted to wither away like the rest of the Hwajok while continuing his miserable life.

'I don't want to do anything. Why should I decide and act? Why won't someone take care of me?'

Venezia was a good person, but abandoned Spectrum, and the second owner, La Enemy, was not showing up.

'I just want to be loved.'

I just wanted to obey someone's words and entrust my body to warm and friendly hands.

I wanted to spread the scent of flowers all over his world.

'No one ever loved me.'

When the first Hwajok decided to advance from plants to the realm of animals and primates, did they really imagine it?

How decadent is the sensory organ of the body.

'You guys are bad.'

It may have been the innocence of the Hwajok in the first place that they expected that they would take care of them gently like a butterfly.

'Hit, harass, make them scream.'

The Hwajok is an embryologically failed race.

But even Lufist couldn't belittle their incarnations that made them rapidly evolve.

After confirming that heavy rain was pouring outside through the Spirit Zone, he approached revealing his intention to kill.

“Give me the code. The sky must be resentful.”

While the clouds were blocking the sun, the photon collection of the flower had to be delayed.

Flallino took a deep breath and collected himself.

'I have to fight.'

Fighting dynamically is against the nature of flowers, but it was inevitable to prevent the extinction of the species.

“Time is on our side. you can't beat me."

“Is it really so?”

Returning with a calm expression, Flallino spread his arms, causing a huge tremble in the room.

'Is the fresh flower moving?'

No, it is growing.

'If you increase the total amount of photosynthesis by increasing the size, the entire capital is within range. I must kill him.'

Hoping that Jane had completed her mission, Rufist created dozens of steel storms, spinning blades.

“I’ll tear you to pieces.”

As blades attacked from all sides, the iron plate under Flallino's feet rose like a liquid and bounced off the steel.

“It is useless. I am the real flower, and the real flower is me.”

The reason why Flarino, who has the desire to obey, took over as the Minister of Home Affairs is because he was the right person to take care of the flowers.

'It's not liquefaction. By raising the growth rate of minerals to the limit, they have fluidity.'

It was probably using the energy collected in the flower, and it wasn't bad from a Lufist's point of view.

Flallino, who opened the iron shield left and right, opened his mouth with cold eyes.

“Sorry. The capital will soon be destroyed. Your people will taste the pain we suffered.”

“Do humans look so easygoing?”

Dozens of sharp pieces of metal formed around Rufist, preparing to jump out.

Flallino, who was glaring at Luffist with resentful eyes, bit his lip and opened the iron barrier again.

“You should have stepped on it when you were a caveman.”

Steel magic - High-velocity armor-piercing bullets.

A lump of iron protruded at tremendous speed and pierced all the iron shields with a loud noise.

---------------------------------------