What is God (3)

Sirone put on a blank expression.

'It's not an illusion.'

Even this thought was flowing backwards, as if time had been turned backwards.

"uh? uh?"

After a moment of panic, Sirone checked her condition with a cool mind.

'Come to think of it… …

My thinking when I experienced the multiverse and when I was in the outside world were completely opposite.

'Thinking is reversed on the basis of inside and outside. In other words... …

that time flows backwards.

“Hmm.”

Deep in thought, Sirone went straight through an undefinable space.

'I am walking forward.' Is it really so?

'What if you are actually walking backwards and the direction of time is flowing in reverse?'

Let's do a thought experiment.

'What if I recorded a person walking forward on a video recorder and then played the video backwards?' Movement will be awkward.

'But the reason it's awkward is because we're used to our time together. If time itself flows in reverse... …

Rather, it would feel awkward to see Sirone walking forward.

'I get it roughly.'

Sirone took a deep breath.

'The reason why time is reversed.'

This is because this world is made up of the combination of two signals, photons and quanta.

'That's the eye. Eyes looking out from the inside and eyes looking in from the outside. Depending on that point of view... … The direction of time is reversed.

'for example.'

Sirone thought of a puppet.

'The dolls are connected by rods, and the key to operate the rods is floating above the head. And dolls have the will to move on their own.'

At least I'm sure so.

'The key to operate the bar has moved. The doll raised his right arm. Well, then... …

problem here.

'The doll thinks the height moved because she raised her right arm.'

It is the human view of the world.

'If you express it a little more intuitively... … Because I dug the ground, it is only right to dig the ground.'

In other words, the cause is that the doll raised its arm, and the result is that the key moves.

'On the contrary, from the standpoint of the outside world...'

Moving the key is the cause, and the lifting of the puppet's right arm is the result.

'It depends on your point of view. In other words, cause and effect are completely reversed... …

The thought system also becomes the opposite.

'The sense of accepting time is also reversed.'

Sirone felt the thrill.

'To God... …

time goes backwards

'What Ikael told me. Bedium's last will. It was something like that.'

getting narrower

'God said it was time. Then, how does God's thinking proceed?'

The effect for us is the cause for them.

'I'm marrying her because I love her. This is the human way of thinking. but… …

God will say this.

'I'm getting married. Because I will love you.' such a reversal.

'I can use magic. Because you will learn magic. Became the best swordsman in the world. Because I will try so hard. he went to jail Because he will be a murderer.'

A reversal in which the results that humans have to achieve with countless wills are made from the beginning.

what is god

'The end of all time.'

result.

'God gave us results.'

Extending this idea, we can infer what the outside world is in reality.

'I know all the history, Omega. Turning the world upside down from God's point of view... …

Civilization declines, living things disappear, the universe narrows, and we finally get there.

'There will be a moment when the beginning begins. And if you apply God's point of view there... …

Sirone bit his lip.

“There is another universe with negative time.”

outside world.

'The amplification of something created the universe. But the universe is not one,

It was two.'

This is because if there are two directions of time, it is reasonable that there should be two universes as well.

'And the universe has a causal reversal. Let's infer based on this... …
I was devastated by 
the terrible truth .

“The last point of the world we live in now, that is, the result here becomes the beginning in the outside world.”

Why is it dangerous?

'Humanity will one day conquer the universe.'

The same position as the Creator, that is, when all that exists, human beings become gods

do.

'Also paradoxically, the god is located at the moment of the birth of the negative universe.'

What kind of god?'

What will we finally become?

"machine."

Just like high gear, it is the pinnacle of mechanical civilization, without lifespan, aging, or disease.

'program.'

It can be assumed that the managers sent from the outside world said that they are driven by missions.

'Why do you need a manager?' From now on, it's just a hypothesis, but strangely, their judgment makes sense.

It must be because you see it from God's point of view.

'There are two universes. The problem is, the universe of the outer world knew everything from the start.'

Because it started as a god.

'But in that world, God is heading toward extinction.'

It will become a human, become a creature, become a material, and eventually it will come to an end.

'Even a god can't stop time. Because God is the time. Then what choice will God make?

“We just need to control the outcome of the world we live in.”

multiverse.

“They spread this world as bubbles so that they could never reach the final result.”

A diagram of the entire universe was drawn in my head.

'In the beginning there was light.'

Centering on that light, the universe spreads out to both sides, and time of plus and minus races.

'One side is human causality. The other side is God's causality.'

At the coordinates where the human causal law is applied, infinite universes bubble like bubbles.

'In other words, God manages this place. And as long as that bubble stays there... …

The opposite God is eternal.

'It is not downgraded to a human being, but it extends endlessly. In the end, controlling our cause and effect.'

What resentment could God have?

'Cold reckoning. It's just a logical decision. Anyway God... … Because it's our last appearance.'

Sirone took a deep breath.

“I found it, Mr. Gaold. Where is God.”

but can't meet

'To meet God, you must escape from reality to the outside world. now i get it Why should we not have access to the outside world? Why does the Argo Ness activate?'

Because it is an act that kills God.

'Did I already meet you? Probably so. Still not coming... … - Am I the one who swallowed Ankera's dream? Or is it the en que line that swallowed my dreams?

Sirone shook her head.

'Stop thinking nonsense. It's something to go out and think about. Let's go back to the original world for now.'

Now I roughly guessed the method.

'I can turn it back.'

If there is a minus in the direction of time, the mind also becomes a signal that can be returned.

'Use God's point of view, God's thinking.'

Reverse causality.

“Huh!”

It was a work that twisted the standard of the world and the essence of human beings, but Sirone was Yahweh.

'you can do it. If it had been impossible, I would not have realized the reversal of the accident here.'

Started very small.

'I exist.'

Countless thoughts that started from there began to reverse as if time had been turned backwards.

“Ugh!”

It was such a grand construction that the entire 5-dimensional multi-cube, the knowledge base of Sirone, collapsed.

'I'm going back.'

where the people you love are.

'I'm going.'

As my mind was gradually reversed, light penetrated little by little into the undefinable space.

My head felt like it would break.

“Aaaaaaa!”

Darkness fell like fragments, and light burst through the cracks with wild force.

'Reversal of causality.'

Sirone recalled the time when he entered Taegeuk while fighting Giyorgi.

'A message left by Guffin.' -They are watching you. don't believe in anything Save yourself from the terrible truth.

'It was like that.'

In the perfectly inverted 5-dimensional multi-cube, Sirone defined God's thinking as follows.

Ouroboros.

“Win! We won!”

As Dr. Martin's aircraft crashed to the ground, users erupted in cheers.

“Isn’t this the end of the service? At least, all my parts could have been blown off.”

“Are the parts important? This is our hideout. What fun do you live without high gear?”

While the users of East and West countries were talking kindly, there were those who were silent.

'Yahweh.'

They were users who exchanged feelings with Sirone in the world of High Gear.

The operator looked up at the sky.

'Where did you go?'

Abnormal departure from the world of high gear was not irrelevant to reality.

Fermi approached Uorin.

“The situation is rather serious. I thought it was real anyway, but I'm not waking up.”

The gold ring's subordinates confirmed that Shi Lorne was still asleep.

"are you okay."

Urin's voice was trembling.

“I will come back. You are such a person. I will never forsake this world under any circumstances.”

“What if you don’t come back?” In a world without Shirone, she never thought about what she would do.

“Perhaps he is angry.” Her voice was calm, but the little witch's face was distorted when she turned her head.

“I don’t know after that.”

Making an expression with the machine's face means that the signal itself has been distorted.

'Eve was originally Gaia.'

It seems that Ultima disappeared for some reason, but the current appearance was terrifying itself.

“Hey, over there!”

God of Destruction 707 pointed to the sky.

Everyone raised their heads, and the operator's shoulders began to tremble.

"ah?????? The scenery in the sky seemed to be sucked in like a whirlpool, and then a familiar aircraft appeared.

Results come first.

"Yahweh!"

As if gravity had collapsed, a hole was opened in the sky, and light shot up from the ground.

"what? Are you back?”

The moment Fermi spoke, Uorin jumped out.

“Aaaaa!”

What was I trying to do?

'Yeah, all I need is you. It's okay if you don't love me I just need you to be in this world.'

Compared to the despair I felt the moment Yahweh disappeared, my current situation was a blessing.

Landing on the ground, Sirone was convinced.

'You're back.'

Even if it was nothing different from countless other illusions, my heart was definitely shouting that it was here.

Woorin rushed in.

"here! here!"

And just as she was about to throw herself, Operator ran from the side and hugged Sirone.

"female… …

Uorin stopped walking, and the users looked back at her with absurd expressions.

"you idiot!"

the operator shouted.

“Why are you so reckless? What about Dr. Martin! It's enough to remake high gear. But if you're wrong... …

Now I really have nowhere to go.

Perhaps it was the fear of losing her parents, so Sirone understood her.

"Sorry. But you came back like this.”

Demon God of Destruction 707 and the users rushed over.

“It was really great. This solar exhibition was the best experience of my life! Thanks to you!”

“Would you like to contact us outside? Oh, are you human? I'll give you my address... …

Fermi put his hand on Urin's shoulder.

“Don't be too heartbroken. It's not the feeling of love. Of course, we don't know in the future.”

“Hey, what are you looking at me for? 10,000 years is ridiculous. Do you think your feelings will be shaken by a kid like that?”

“Well, yes.”

It was also a satisfactory achievement for Fermi, and Sirone led the users

came and said

“Let’s go back.”

to the world we live in.