The Horrible Truth (5)

Sirone suddenly thought.

'Could countless universes repeat birth and extinction in that small glass sphere?'

If human life and all its joys and sorrows were just a momentary flash trapped in that glass sphere.

Sirone asked.

“Why do we exist?”

What does existence mean to a God without a mind?

“Hexa.” A mechanical sound echoed through the white space.

“It is infinite because it is two.”

Arius stopped at the first voice of the god he heard, but soon resumed his search.

“Ultima. I need to extract Ultima... … Even though he was clearly in the same space, he was acting as if God were not there.

“There is one perfect world.”

A circle drawn with light was born on the right side of God, and on the left side as the standard of the outside world.

“This is your world, your whole. No matter what you add or subtract, it is always right, so existence is also defined.”

God asked.

“Isn't that enough? Defined and living. But the moment the two worlds meet.”

A circle of the same shape was created on the opposite side and connected in the form of a figure eight lying down.

"infinite."

Nothing can be defined.

“How do you think there is [something] higher up? The end is ultimately nothing. Your attachment is nothing more than a perceptual error in which you feel that even nothing exists.”

“It won’t change anything.”

Sirone said.

“Nothing is natural for you. But humans are different. I feel every moment as reality, and I live by embracing every moment. Even if it is an illusion, it cannot disappear like a bubble for the sake of you.”

“Human.”

God asked

“Why do you think there are no humans here?”

"??????what?"

“Didn't you guys make me? That's why I exist. God of the inner world, you are only the shadows of the Illuminati, the humans of this world.” I vaguely assumed it, but when I heard it through the upper body, I was speechless.

“Why do you deny me? Why don't you turn away from the truth? You, who do not accept me, are in error.”

Sirone bit his lip.

'It could be.'

Because God is always right.

'The sum of all causes. That's why denying God becomes denying me.'

It was Nane who emerged from such a paradox.

'Are you there?'

In the world of the Illuminati beyond the glass, has he finally found rest?

'really… … Are you satisfied with that?'

God said.

“Hexa, like the original Illuminati and Gaians, mankind must unite into the void. It is the repetition of reincarnation, realizing impermanence in life and returning to Idea.”

“Then what about Guffin?”

God didn't answer for the first time.

“Guffin didn't think there was anything. And many Gaians followed him. Of course he could be the wrong choice. If he hadn't tried to escape the photon system, Ultima wouldn't have been destroyed either.”

“It was an error.”

It was the best choice of words God could answer.

"error? So where is the guffin now? Did you realize your mistake and become the Illuminati as you said? Is that why you didn’t even come to meet me when I came?”

Again, God was silent.

“Should I guess? Guffins are not here. Because you sent me, what you call an error, into the world.”

“… … They are very similar.”

It may sound negative, but Sirone was in a good mood.

"okay. because my father Like Gaia, I will follow in the footsteps of Guffin. Because the heart he left behind in this world will be bigger than the universe you created.”

“Guppin left nothing behind.” God said.

“Hexa, the only truth is me. This is because it is the final result selected by an infinite number of universes. There are no consequences beyond me. The guffin became nothing.”

"no."

Sirone touched his chest.

“Still alive. in my heart.”

“I can’t see it.”

The sound of the machine sounded much colder.

“What is there? Hexa, what you are talking about is the organ called the heart. Not a guffin.”

compromise is impossible.

Sirone glanced at Arius, who was crawling around and licking the floor.

"Hehehe! This is the taste of Ultima!”

I'd like to believe there was an intention, but more likely it was simply madness.

Sirone looked away again.

“What are you going to do with us?”

"nothing."

I didn't feel any emotions.

“I only maintain the world and correct errors. I am not the enemy of humanity or the monster you think of me.”

Perhaps that is the most perfect stage, Shirone thought.

'I have to go back to reality.'

If a compromise could not be reached, all that was left was a battle.

'There is no going back to the reversal of the accident. If we don't turn back time itself... …

The first thing that comes to mind is Tachyon's phrase heard from Jet in Apocalypse.

'I don't know. What kind of content is it?' If you know the meaning, you can memorize even the longest chord, but Jet's phrase was just a simple string of syllables.

'keyword. If you can clearly understand the meaning of even one word.'

At that time, all codes can be deciphered in an instant through his Ultima system.

'Do I have to connect after all?'

If you connect with God through the small world creation, you will be able to attack the world of the Illuminati.

'The probability must be at a hopeless level.' It was supposed to become Oparts as soon as it was connected.

"Hehehe."

Then laughter was heard.

When Sirone turned his head, Arius was staggering with his lightsaber spilling out.

“Yeah, wasn’t it that easy? such an idiot. No, genius! I am a genius!”

Then, suddenly, he rushed at God.

“Ultimada!”

"No!"

At the same time Sirone shouted, Arius held the glass ball in his arms.

“Aaaaaaa!”

The electricity passed through his bones, and he burst into laughter.

“Hahaha! got it! I caught God!”

As the glass sphere fell with a thump, Arius lovingly licked the surface with his tongue.

"Hehehe! Is this the taste of God?”

“Ah, Arius… …

At that time, Sirone made a tired expression at the sight of blood flowing from the torn tongue.

“Huh!” As the electricity inside the glass sphere spread brightly, Arius' upper body bent like a bow.

“Oh go go! Go go!”

Seeing that a blue light was lit inside the bandages covering her eyes, Sirone felt it.

'It's becoming an o-parts.'

"uh?"

Arius, who had stopped convulsing, made an ecstatic expression.

"??????wow."

After watching until that point, Sirone suddenly came up with a trick to solve the difficulty.

'It's the only chance.' It was a way to indirectly decipher the god's information by casting a small world window on Arius.

“Be patient!”

The moment she put her hand on Arius' back, Sirone's face turned pale.

“Big!”

Perfect indifference.

'I can't stand this. My heart feels frozen.'

At that time, as consciousness gradually fades away, a blue light begins to drift from Sirone's eyes.

'huh'?'

A woman's voice sounded like a whisper.

- Illuminati.

Then, pieces of information from the outside world began pouring in like bullets.

humanity's farthest future.

Upon reaching the end of their journey, humanity decided to make one of the most crucial decisions in history.

-There's nothing more I can do. We have to throw the whole thing away and start over.

So humans created gods.

-Because they are two, they are infinite.

God gave man infinity.

- Through the mechanism that connects the outer world and the inner world, life is endlessly reincarnated. God will control. From now on, we go beyond creatures and become truth.

Feeding and breeding were strictly prohibited.

- What about the children?

Hearing the woman's words again, Sirone felt a sense of incongruity even for an instant.

'kid?'

someone has bred

-It will be fine. Because the final authority belongs to our family. I'll try to find another way.

The identity of the child is unknown.

However, Ultima's 11th sense transcended their language system and deciphered their conversation.

'what'?'

A fact you don't want to believe.

-… … also explain As young as I am, I have a lot of curiosity. Friends care too.

I try to deny it, but the person who comes to mind automatically the moment I hear the name is definitely... … .

'Habits?'

Kiyiying!

A mechanical sound exploded from the glass sphere, and the small world window was forcibly blocked as if cutting a nerve.

“Keugh!”

At the same time Sirone stepped back, Arius flew away with a bang.

"warning. warning."

The glass sphere transmitted the voice at high speed.

“Illuminati search activity detected. blocking access. Final stage approval for error correction.”

It was a message from God announcing the end, but Sirone heard nothing.

"haha."

The outside world, glimpsed in an instant, conveyed only one truth.

' really??????

Is it just a dream?

'If all the memories of the time I've lived are just shadows in this world.'

The concept of "I" is an obvious fallacy.

Sometimes we become water, air, birds, and sometimes others.

'It's just an existence that endlessly reincarnates.'

“Big.”

Arius stood up.

Because he shared the same information as the small world creator, his feelings were no different from Sirone's.

"what are you doing?" He spoke in a clear tone that could not be seen as a madman, and picked up the glass ball on the floor.

“Once you got the Ultima, let’s go back.” he added.

“To our world.”

Sirone understood Arius' words.

'okay. It is not a dependency relationship. Our world is not the cowardice of the outside world.'

Currently, God holds the effect, but man can also change the effect with the cause.

'Nothing is over yet.'

Like Guffin, Syrone can choose

It was time.

'Amy.'

friends and everyone he loves.

“Go back.”

Cuckoo Cuckoo!

As Sirone closed her eyes, black dots began to appear in the vibrating white space.

'It was a zeta function.'

What is the secret of the Gu-gyeol that Jet gave you?

'For humans, infinity is an object of thought, but for God, infinity is something as clear as our 1.'

Only to explain the reality of infinity, Jet transmits that tremendous code.

'I can turn back time.'

The white space completely disappeared, and the interior of the black hole that sucked them in appeared.

Arius held out the god in his hand.

“Look at this.”

The sphere's membrane disappeared and only the blue electricity remained, swaying chaotically.

"That's Ultima."

It was not much different from the Ultima that Sirone had obtained from Babel in Heaven.

"okay. But still inside the black hole. Surely it won’t be sucked in again?”

"well."

A light smoke resembling a miracle stream gushed out from Sirone's body.

The difference is that black dots, like foreign substances, are mixed in the brilliant light.

“That light… … ?”

No, should I say darkness?

“Tachyon.”

The moment Sirone spoke, the light and darkness mixed wildly and burned like fire.

'A signal born out of nothing.' It was a superluminous particle that only God could command, controlling the cause with imaginary time.