[117] Unexpected Guest (2)

"what? You guys are still not going, what are you doing?”

Shirone and the others, who were standing awkwardly, entered the conference room and bowed their heads as Shiina pretended to know.

“Oh, I want to say hello before I go. Thank you for teaching me for one semester.”

The elderly teacher burst out laughing.

“Chuck! Hearing that from the best troublemakers on campus makes me laugh. In any case, you also suffered from suffering. Play hard during vacation. After all, students have to be good at playing.”

Shiina, who gave up her seat to Shirone and the others, poured tea and congratulated them.

“Congratulations to all three of you on your promotion. Will you be busier from next semester? It's good to take a break, but don't relax. I'll keep an eye on you when school starts.”

As expected, Shiina had no way of letting go.

But for a teacher who froze the classroom for talking, it was a kind word. As the semester ended, the teachers seemed to relax.

“Yes, I will work hard.”

While Sirone was drinking tea with a cup, Sade, who was standing next to her, asked Ethella.

“Teacher Etella, if you have time, you can have a meal with me… … ?”

Sirone almost threw the tea out of his mouth.

No matter how flirtatious he is, he flirts with the monk.

Ethella also smiled awkwardly and waved her hand, probably embarrassed.

"sorry. I have to manage the parish while on vacation.”

“Ah, that’s right. If I could be guided by a beautiful woman like Miss Etella, I would also like to join the Karsis Monastery right away.”

Ethella is lost. You can't say this to the bishop of the religious order without going crazy.

However, as a woman who pursues goodness, she was polite until the end.

“Huh, sorry. Then, what will Mr. Saad do during his vacation?”

Shiina intercepted the answer.

“Hey, I’m going to go somewhere and go around with a woman.”

Sade's brow wrinkled.

Why the hell does this woman keep fighting over everything? By the end of the semester, she seemed to get sick if she didn't have a chat.

If you get angry, you lose, so Saad shrugged his shoulders as if nothing was wrong.

“Haha, there is nothing shameful about falling in love at this age. I'm really worried about Shiina-sensei. I think it will be difficult to find a partner for her because of her picky personality.”

"I beg your pardon?"

“What is it? I'm not saying there's no charm, no charm. I know it just by looking at it. You've never even dated a guy before, have you? That's because of his tough personality.”

Shiina raised her eyes and shouted.

“Don’t overdo it! Because I’ve dated men at least!”

At the unexpected remark, the teachers all turned to Shiina.

Sirone and her friends, who knew of the painful relationship with Armin, were also surprised.

“Sir, are you for real? when? Who did you date?”

Sad laughed as he held onto his stomach.

"haha! Guys, do you believe that? I was just shy and walked around. Isn't that right, Shiina-sensei?”

“You make fun of me. I really dated you!”

"is it so? So who are you? Wouldn't it be rude to ask for your name?"

Shiina gritted her teeth and glared at Sade.

I don't know about anyone else, but I never wanted to lose to this man.

"mind… … .”

"mind?"

Everyone's ears perked up.

“Magic and dating.”

Shiina's face brightened.

People say that when people try to come, words beyond reason come out without hesitation, and the current situation was just that.

As the atmosphere in the conference room became solemn, the red-faced teachers turned their heads.

Sade also wanted to avoid the seat, but he barely held back and answered.

"Ah yes. All right."

“Are you ignoring me now? I intend to dedicate my life to magic. Is that a bad thing!”

“No, sorry. It seems I made a mistake.”

Saad slurped the hot tea and turned away from Shiina.

Sirone and the others, who were watching this, covered their mouths and suppressed laughter.

It was the daily life of teachers who could not normally come into contact with it.

“Everyone didn’t go back and stayed here.”

“Oh, Principal!”

Alpheas entered the meeting room.

I was staying at the hostel because my teaching qualifications were suspended, and I was about to stop by when the students fled.

“There were also bad guys. I struggled for a semester.”

“Thanks to the good leadership of the principal. We are also grateful.”

“Heh heh, am I still the principal? From next semester, the temporary principal dispatched by the Magic Association will come. Treat him as well as you do now.”

Nade's face darkened.

No matter how much I thought about it, it didn't seem like a better person would ever come.

Alfeas was the best principal without even mentioning that the old school was the best.

“What kind of person are you? Doesn’t this make it even more difficult next semester?”

“Chuck! Things like that happen, too. But it's okay to be confident. The achievements you have made this semester are great. You will be able to do well next semester too.”

As the teachers emptied the car and packed their belongings one by one, Sirone and the others prepared to leave.

“Principal, then I’ll see you after school starts.”

"okay. Go on a trip with your family, and have a good rest. Oh, and Sirone, could you give me a minute?”

Sirone, who had followed her friends out the door, turned around.

said Nade, pointing at the door with his thumb.

“Then we'll be waiting outside. Hey Sirone, I'll be in our hallway.”

“Oh, okay.”

In the empty conference room, Sirone met Alfeas alone.

His expression was quite serious, so Sirone was also nervous and waited for his words.

“The reason I asked to see you is because of Miro’s work.”

"Oh, I see."

Sirone recalled the image of the maze.

Her promotion was finalized and she had a hectic day, but the impression of her was still strong in my mind.

“I wonder what it is like. Are you still interested in investigating the labyrinth?”

"yes. I'll have to talk to my parents, but I'm trying to make the most of my time. Since it’s vacation anyway, I thought there would be no chance if it wasn’t now.”

"I see. It will be a good experience.”

Alpheas obediently agreed.

However, an unpleasant aftertaste remained on his face.

“Did you call for that?”

Alpheas finally brought out the words inside.

“No, actually, I called because I wanted to ask you something. Can you tell me what the maze was like at the time?”

“If the condition… … You mean a state of mind?”

"okay. As for the mind, anyway, I want to hear more about the maze you saw.”

Sirone recalled what happened at the time.

The time we met was short, but it was such a big event that I remembered even the smallest conversations I had with her.

“Hmm, when I think about it, I feel a little… … It seemed to change rapidly. At the time, I was passed on because he was a mysterious person.”

“How much was it? Was it serious enough?”

“No, it wasn't like that. Of course, I think there were times when it was creepy.”

Alpheas sighed softly.

In the short life of Sirone, indescribable complex emotions have been conveyed.

“Did you look lonely, maze?”

“At the time, I asked the same thing, but Mr. Miro said that God doesn’t feel alone.”

“God does not feel lonely. Hmm.”

A shadow fell over Alpheas' face.

Perhaps Miro wanted to tell himself through Sirone's mouth.

'No, are you telling them... … .'

Sirone carefully examined Alpheas.

What happened to make such a serious face?

But since I had promised not to dig too deep, I couldn't ask outright.

“If the headmaster is that concerned, I won’t even investigate the ruins.”

Only then did Alpheas wake up from his thoughts.

Come to think of it, I was too engrossed in my thoughts while sitting down.

"huh? no. The Kergo ruins are a tourist destination, so go see them when you get a chance. You should be able to get a rough idea of ​​what the world Miro lives in is like.”

“You mean, is there really a secret hidden there? But it's a tourist destination, right?"

“Chuck! It's no fun if you tell me everything. But never relax. I gave permission for the investigation because I believe in your skills.”

Sirone realized that horses have bones.

Alpheas was the one who set the students free. However, because of that, he also had a mischievous tendency to aide in moderate danger.

"yes. I will do my best to investigate.”

After saying goodbye to Alpheas, Sirone left the meeting room and encountered friends waiting in the hallway.

“Sirone, what were you talking about?”

“About Mr. Miro I told you about before.”

“Aha, come to think of it, you said you were curious about him, right? Did you say Kergo Ruins?”

"that's right. But after hearing what the principal said, I became more curious. I'm going to take my time.”

“Sorry. We want to go with you too.”

"no. During vacation, I should spend it with my family.”

“Sheesh, not even a kid, who said that because of that? It's a problem because if you don't go home, you're half dead."

Nade stuck out his tongue as if imagining it was terrifying.

It was the same with Iruki. Since his father was the head of Yongleo, he was in a position where he could not act rashly outside.

“Still, I am very curious. To say that a person named Miro was the president of our study group, after all, he is my direct senior, right? Then maybe you were watching me too?"

Iruki broke Nade's innocence.

“Sirone said it. If you don't enter Immortal Function, contact itself is impossible. You are probably staying somewhere in the middle dimension between this world and the other world.”

“Ah, I wanted to meet you and say hello.”

“Well, maybe I can see it before I die. Anyway, it's time to say goodbye. Good luck everyone.”

Three wagons were waiting at the place Iruki pointed to.

Among them, what stood out was the splendid twin-headed carriage sent by the Mercodyne family.

“Oh, a first-class aristocrat after all. They are different classes.”

"shut up. It's all a waste of money. Besides, that thing is so slow that it even explodes.”

The three said goodbye.

We will see each other again after a while, but when the time for parting came back, I felt sad.

“Sirone, Iruki. Gonna miss you. This is the first time I've hated vacation like this.”

“Are you okay? Can you stand it?”

Iruki asked anxiously.

Knowing what Nade's family was like, he could guess how scared Nade must be now.

But unexpectedly, Nade smiled brightly.

It was different from last semester. It must be because he is carrying a bunch of happy memories while meeting Sirone.

"No problem. I should go back and reorganize first, and start playing properly from next semester. Everyone is healthy and doing well.”

The three people, who had shared their joys and sorrows for half a year, waved as they walked to their respective wagons.

“Good! Then see you on the first day of school!”

* * *

A week ago.

Kaizen Swordsmanship Academy, like other swordsmanship academies, completed the first half of the training.

Although Lian received the worst report card, her steps back home were light because she had a positive personality.

I thought I wanted to go back to my hometown right away, but I had no choice but to go to the palace because I had to find my luggage at my sister's house.

'Damn it, I have to meet that witch again. Had I known it would be like this, I would have left it at her grandfather's house. If you look at the report card, she'll try to kill her.'

Lian opened the door to the mansion, hoping that Reina had left.

As an artist recognized in the palace, the mansion was large and luxurious. However, for Lian, it was only a needlessly long escape.

Like a stray cat, they passed the hall stealthily, but the sound of the piano reverberated loudly as if to trample on Lian's expectations.

"shit! Were you at home?”

The sound of the keyboard was so loud that even his voice was drowned out.

Reina was sitting at the grand piano decorating one side of the hall, concentrating solely on playing.

---------------------------------------