[115] Report card at the end of the semester (7)

“It’s okay to lose as much as you like. You can quickly forget the shame you endured to keep your beliefs. But the memory of running away in fear follows him for the rest of his life. Whether you are eating, sleeping, or on the battlefield, you have no choice but to suffer. So, the prosecutor's beliefs are like life. Once broken, it never comes back.”

No one mocked Lian anymore.

“No one wants to have cowardly memories. Especially if you are a prosecutor. Perhaps the day will come when you will hate reminiscing about today more than you would die. so it ends here If you want to be confident in the future, at this moment, in this place... … .”

Lian screamed, coughing up blood.

“I mean fight! You fools!”

Lian's cry penetrated the cadets' hearts. Blood boiled. His skills are different, but his desire to be called a ghost on the battlefield, the strongest swordsman, and a knight of steel is the same.

The fighting spirit of hundreds of people boiling at the same time was transmitted through the skin. The air was getting hot. There was no fear like before in the eyes looking at Pyger.

Group 1, starting with Pyger, felt a sense of crisis and spewed out their lives.

"shut up! No one listens to what losers say! do you want to knock me down then jump on it I'll make you the same as the one hanging over there!”

Tess smiled and licked her lips.

“Hmm.”

Ogent Rian. 

A candidate for admission to the swordsmanship academy.

“It was good.”

Tess kicked off the ground and threw herself. Jumping over her firer, she untied the rope and her thump fell, Lian crawling over her aching body and twisting her cross-legged.

“Did you say Lian? I am Tess Let's fight together.”

Tess offered to shake hands, but Lian just stared. He was bound with ropes and could not move.

Tess' appearance resonated with the children. Although she belongs to the women's group, her skills displayed during her training have been rated as equals with a firer.

“I will fight too! I can't stand it like this!"

“Women are stepping up, but men can’t stay still!”

Both of you started to take Lian's side. In the end, all the cadets except for the 1st group got together and shouted.

“Let's show them! Let's get those idiots out of school!”

“Let's drive it out! Let's drive it out!”

Piger's group was surrounded by close to 300 children. No matter how much I increased my muscle strength with the schema, I couldn't deal with this many numbers.

“These children! I really want to die!”

“Kill if you can, son of a bitch!”

In group 2, the boy who used some strength took the lead first. The moment Feiger, whose jaw was turned, frowned and glared at the boy, dozens of people rushed in and beat him to the ground.

“Wait a minute! stop!"

Faced with reality, Piger shouted, but the children's resentment was not easily resolved.

Here and there, the first group of cadets were being treated the same. It was a situation where even the boys outside the group came forward and beat them up.

“Sah, save people! Instructor! Instructor!”

Tess smiled as she looked back at Lian, who was staring at the battlefield indifferently.

“Huh, sorry about this? I feel like I just stuck a fork in someone else's food.”

"it's okay. Because I hate being a hero. That's why I called you here on purpose.”

"what? Do you really not know?”

Tess, who realized it was true when Lian looked at her bewildered, put on an absurd expression.

“Are you stupid? There's no way the instructors will leave us free. All of the current situation will be reported.”

Tess' prediction was correct. Pieger suffered a fracture and was expelled, and the other group 1 children who were in sync with him also completed the probationary period, but were notified of admission refusal.

And Ryan... … Despite his poor training results, he entered the Kaizen Swordsmanship Academy as the first among the 30 admitted students.

Tess, recalling her first meeting with Lian, smiled bashfully, raising the corner of her mouth.

“Lian Yi who used to be like that~ Now he’s hovering around the bottom.”

"shut up. Why are you suddenly talking about old things? Who asked for first place?”

“Huh, but it’s really amazing, if it were me, I would have fallen into a sense of shame, but seeing how you train without a day off.”

“You sound like a freak. It's been a long time since I graduated.”

“Aren’t you worried though? Anyway, since I entered the school, I have to graduate, and I have to tell my name as a prosecutor. If we continue like this, we won’t be able to eat porridge or rice, right?”

“… … You were very determined to kill your spirits.”

“What! It's something I'm really worried about. I'm curious. What is the driving force that moves you?”

Rian looked up at the sky and thought. be the driving force After all, he was more comfortable than other cadets.

“It's good if you make a name for yourself as a prosecutor, but it doesn't matter if you don't. 'Cause I just need to be strong For the sake of the lord.”

“Lord? What are you talking about?"

“Ah, I took the oath to be a knight.”

Tess' eyes widened. She asked her kid next door who she was going to marry, and she felt like she was told she had a fiancé.

"Really? You're not even twenty yet?"

A Knight's Oath is an oath that a swordsman can only take once in a lifetime. Therefore, when choosing a master, he had to meticulously consider the future and prospects.

“Are you okay? What kind of person are you? Do you know someone I know?”

Tess must have guessed that he must be famous. He's a war hero, a minister in a castle, or a lord of a provincial town. Wouldn't he have to be that much to entrust his whole life?

“Sirone.”

“Sirone? Hmm, Sironera... … . I don't know What are you doing?”

"my friend. I am attending a magic school in my hometown now.”

Tess opened her chin in disbelief. Are you friends? Besides, she's not even an official wizard, she's a student.

“What are you thinking? No matter how close you are, you don't have to take an oath to be a knight. Oh, please... … ?”

Tess suddenly felt uneasy. There was a case where a knight oath was given to a person who was neither famous nor had any prospects.

“A child named Sirone… … Is it a girl?"

"it's crazy? What are you thinking? No matter how talented I am, I wouldn't take a knight's oath like that.”

"okay? Hmm.”

Tess let out a sigh of relief.

“Anyway, don’t be mean. I believe Sirone will be the best. That's why I risked my life."

Lian looked different today. To put it bluntly, it was a spirit of unity between the boys, but it wouldn't be enough to even pledge to become a knight unless you were a great person.

'Who the hell are you? Sironera... … .'

At that moment, a good idea struck me. While I was thinking about how to get the word out, I came up with a good case called sirone.

“Can I show you one more time? That child named Sirone.”

"what? Why are you looking at my friend?”

“You should be able to bear it because you’re curious about bragging like that. In short, aren’t you going to school after having a job first?”

“Does that make sense out of the blue? Besides, Sirone is in Creas. It is very far from here.”

“How are you? The semester will be over in a few days. After all, my family is in an occupied territory, so I have no one to meet. I can't go to Creas to play. That's right, there's an island south of there, isn't it? Since it's a tourist destination, I always wanted to go there. Let’s go play together with Sirone.”

Like a person who prepared in advance, Tess's words were not blocked. When Ryan heard that, his thoughts changed. Of course, I had no desire to go out alone with Tess, but it would be different if Sirone intervened.

“Hmm, Sirone and… … . But wouldn't it be a bit awkward if the three of us went together? Because I'm not good at socializing. Especially for women.”

Tess' eyes twinkled at Ryan's positive attitude. When he, who usually didn't even listen in the back of his ear, suddenly changed, on the other hand, I was jealous.

“Tell them to bring one sirone too. There must be some girls you know at the magic school. I'm going to play 2v2. pair travel. how is it?"

It's a pair trip. It sounded fun. Above all, since she was Rian, who was only thinking about playing with Shirone after the semester was over, she had no reason to refuse.

“Well, think about it for a moment.”

That's what he said, but it was as if he had already given permission. Tess nodded his head with a satisfied expression.

“Good. Shall we finish the last practical evaluation in a splendid way for the holiday?”

After most of the cadets finished their practical skills evaluation, it was Tess' turn.

“No. 47 Elsaine Tess. Ready for evaluation!”

When Tess shouted at the starting line to cross the obstacle, Kuan bent her fingers and gave a signal.

“Let’s go.”

Tess broke through the limbo-like obstacle at full speed. However, in front of an obstacle with a blade lower than the sitting height, the body had to be stiff.

She learned the schema earlier than others, but today was her first external gravity.

Due to the nature of the schema that affects the body, it is rare to master the schema during childhood. Also, even if there was, it was not recommended.

Tess made the first impact calmly. The shockwave that hit the ground and came up came through the schema.

'Put the center of gravity out of here!'

External gravity is not magic. It was just to create a strong inertia that overcomes gravity. With such confidence, Tess tilted her upper body.

'done!'

Tess' body escaped from under the blade while drawing a fan-shaped movement. It wasn't a fluke. So far, all the training that has been done without using external gravity has produced the current results.

“No. 47 Elsaine Tess. End of passing obstacles!”

When Tess opened her arms and reported, the cadets burst into applause. But her heart was pounding and she couldn't hear anything.

'I did it. Is this for real?'

Kuan's guidance was not in vain. He was aiming for this from the beginning and educating him.

'Even if you have a broken personality, a teacher is a teacher.'

Tess, who perfected the street fighting movement, proudly took first place. Since there were only a handful of participants left, it seemed that no one could surpass this score.

“No. 52 Ogent Lian. Ready for evaluation!”

When it was Lian's turn, Kuan's forehead wrinkled. He doesn't even expect it anyway. However, it was a strange cadet that made me rather anticipate it.

"try."

Lian kicked off the ground and charged. Obstacles that do not require a schema have been passed with outstanding level. But the problem was the last hurdle.

'First Impact!'

He bent his upper body while stepping on the ground strongly. At the same time, Kuan's eyes flashed.

Ryan thought something was strange. He felt the blade approaching his neck for some reason.

'what?'

Quan flew at breakneck speed and kicked Lian in the face. Lian rolled on the floor and couldn't get up for a long time. An angry instructor limped in front of him, who struggled to raise his upper body.

“You bastard! Are you crazy? Are you excited to die? How are you going to sell schema and shove your neck into her blade?”

Rian, who had come to his senses, jumped up and shouted.

"sorry! But I did! schema... … .”

“What nonsense are you talking about? don't you know what a schema is? Guys who can't ski are out of practice!”

"no! Clearly it worked! I did a strength test and it passed!”

“What, man? Strengthen your muscles? Where are you lying... … .”

Muscular strength was a test to verify the schema by lifting twice the body weight. Looking around, Quan calculated Lian's weight and found something suitable.

“Hey, you come here and listen to this.”

It was a large chunk of stone left over from the construction of the training ground.

Ryan took a deep breath and walked away. She honestly couldn't help but be nervous as she passed the strength test with all her might.

“Whoa!”

Lian hugged the stone and stretched her back with all her might. As he braced himself with his wobbly legs and raised his arms, a heavy stone floated over his head.

Quan pressed Lian's body with his fingertips. When the action of muscle fibers was transmitted through vibration, his expression darkened.

'Damn it.'

It was not a schema. 

I've raised countless cadets, but this was the first time I've ever had such a talent.

No matter how talented you are, if you receive education in the best facilities, you will do at least a schema. But Ryan wasn't even doing that.

Of course, if you don't have talent, it's enough to throw it away. Because there are many aspiring prosecutors in the world.

But Quan didn't want to abandon Lian. He was the guy who made me feel that way.

'How long have you been training... … .'

I don't hate this guy No, he was a willpower worthy of respect as a swordsman. But one problem was blocking everything. he has no talent He would do anything if he had a little bit, but he didn't have it at all.

“I’m sorry, Ryan, but you haven’t mastered the schema.”

The cadets' expressions changed to bewilderment. It was the first time in half a year that the words of sorry came out of Kuan's mouth.

“It can't be! here like this... … You're holding this boulder! Then what the hell is this?”

Kuan sighed and said.

"that… … It's just the strength of your foolishly strong bastard.”

Ryan put on a puzzled expression. After a while, the stone he was holding fell with a thump.

August Lian. Last confirmed.

(end of volume 5)

---------------------------------------