face to face (3)

“There are 65,400 hours remaining until purification.”

Nearly an eternity had passed since Guffin fell to Hell.

'It's a really huge time.'

Sirone was distraught.

It's a shame because omega is a thousandth, I would have been crazy if I had experienced Guffin's time the same way.

murmured the Guffin.

“Time flies so fast.”

His body was skinny and his face was so haggard that his eyes went hollow.

However, his mind was still intact, and that fact alone gave Sirone goosebumps.

'Actually, it's not like 600 or so times have passed.'

Time is the realm of the senses, and hell is a space where the action of the senses is maximized.

'A powerful sense speeds up the passage of time.'

In other words, the stronger the intensity of the Guffin's pain, the shorter the purification time.

'That is the property of time.'

Sirone recalled the memory of dissolving the momentary time into infinity in the state of invincibility.

The bizarre-shaped signals I saw when I dug deeper past 0.666 seconds of each second.

'Perhaps it is a special signal acting on the relativity of time and senses.'

It was the truth of the time.

'After all, what the creators of this world want is efficiency in data purification, not punishment for evil.'

Sirone's eyes were closed with sadness.

'Is God indifferent?'

With the same question in mind, Guffin arrived at the end of Hell, blocked by a black wall.

If you stare at it, you get the illusion that the darkness on the wall is alive and moving.

“It is the end of space.”

It was the beginning of the world of nothingness, expressed as a wall, but in reality there is nothing.

It was also the gateway to reach the end after the emotions of the other side world went through purification.

'Ogent Guy.'

Sirone guessed what kind of ending Lian's eldest brother would meet after he handed over the link to him and disappeared.

'I went to the world of eternal nothingness, but it may not be as terrible as I thought.'

In fact, Jin Seong-eum would be wandering through hell without even getting a chance to purify.

"It's an infinite wall."

When Guffin turned around at the voice he heard from behind, an angel with black wings like a shadow walked by.

After confirming that he was Lucifer, the lord of hell, Gurfin raised his hand and raised the corners of his mouth for the first time in a while.

“Did you come to see me off?”

Perhaps it was because they fought fiercely for more than 600 or so hours, but they didn't feel like strangers anymore.

However, Lucifer ignored Guffin's joke and turned his gaze to the infinite wall.

“Why are you impatient? Now, if you endure for 65,000 hours, you will be purified.”

“I don’t want to be here even for a moment.”

Of course it is.

However, it was not a sound that would come from a guffin who calmly endured 600 or so hours.

Lucifer asked.

“Are you still holding out false hopes?”

After falling into hell, Guffin tried to find a way to return to the real world, but in the end it was impossible.

Unlike passing through Bakji, the subject of purification could not escape the other world.

'Because that's how the world was made.'

Guffin looked back at the infinite wall.

“Hope is a good thing. If you break through the realm of nothingness, you will be able to return to the real world. If that happens, hell will have to strike.”

From Lucifer's point of view, it was crazy.

“Why are you so obsessed with reality? Hell has already been destroyed because of you. Would you be able to live a happy enough life here?”

“Yeah, that’s right. spent a lot of time It's going to be a really long time. But just after the award, I mean... …

Guffin shrugged.

“That eternity of time is no different from an instant.” “Isn’t that true? Time seems to continue to flow, but when we finally arrive at the end of the future...

When the moment comes when only the past remains.

“All memories are just one feeling contained in zero seconds. How long you live means nothing.”

That is why.

“An existence that cannot exceed infinity is an illusion. Me, you, and your brother...

Guffin pointed at Lucifer.

“Ekael too.”

Originally, there were nine archangels.

The eight concepts that make up the world, and another concept that is the opposite of those concepts.

Archangel of Chaos, Lucifer.

“Of course Anchera didn’t make you. because you weren't born It can be said to be negative energy belonging to non-existent time and non-existent events.”

It is called outside the law.

“In the great chain, you and the angel are the number 2 of the law. When the concept of the angels weakens, chaos becomes stronger… …

said Guffin with a wink.

“But that doesn’t mean you can meet Ikael.”

Lucifer's nose was crumpled at the words that stabbed him to the point, but when he looked at it, he was the only one who suffered.

"So you're going to gamble over the wall of infinity? If you fail, you are eternal extinction.”

"doesn't care."

Guffin's eyes turned serious.

“Even after 600 or so hours pass, what remains is emptiness. If God is really indifferent, that's okay too. It means it doesn't matter if I become a god.”

It was the reason why he did not choose reincarnation like other colleagues and remained as his signal.

Guffin walked to the wall.

“Shall we go soon?”

will break infinity

"wait."

At Lucifer's words, Guffin turned his head.

"I don't think it's enough to say goodbye?"

Lucifer got goosebumps at the fact that he could laugh even as he was heading towards eternity.

“Do you really think it could exist? Not a careless god, but a god who loves this world.”

“Hmm, actually, it’s not that difficult. The concept of God is not like that. But if I'm a god... …

Guffin looked up at the ceiling and said.

“Wouldn’t it be okay to instill hope? Even if it's just a signal.”

Lucifer was silent for a long time.

'Messiah.'

If you can really pull it off... … .

“I will bring you back to reality.” At the unexpected words of Lucifer, Guffin

He raised an eyebrow playfully.

“Hoo? It's been a while. How did you hold it in because your mouth was itching all this time?”

“There is no such thing as a method. Purification cannot be prevented in any way. But that's why I can send you away.”

Guffin realized.

“No way, you… …

"okay. In any case, it is necessary to purify it. I will perish in your place. After all, I am the only one in hell who can replace data like you.”

“Hmm.”

Guffin, who rested his chin on his head and thought, asked.

“You know what kind of pain it is, right? It will be on a different level than what I was able to handle.”

"Instead of… … There are conditions.” Guffin laughed.

“I knew it would.”

“If you truly want to give meaning to the ball world, share that meaning with us.”

Because it can't end with just a signal.

“I understand how you feel.”

Guffin showed a puzzled look.

“You are different from humans. It means there is no link. It's just part of the system that makes up this world.”

“Ichael.”

Lucifer said firmly.

“Give her meaning. Not just a system, but the meaning of being like you. This is my condition.”

“It’s Ikael.”

All in all, that stubborn archangel.

“I thought you hated it?”

In fact, Ikael, the beginning of the law, and Lucifer, the chaos outside the law, have never met.

As if being and nothing cannot be combined.

But because of that, Lucifer hated and envied Ikael more than anyone else.

I still remember.

At the beginning of the moment, the figure of Archangel Ikael, who was born with a smile in a brilliant explosion.

What was the first feeling you felt then?

'Why am I... …

Was I born this ugly?

Sirone knew how much Lucifer's resentment was through Omega's early years.

'Yin and Yang.'

The two extremes diverged at the same time as they were born.

Lucifer, who escaped from the flashback, continued to speak, revealing his feelings of collapse.

“I was jealous. Even though I was born in the same place, why am I so ugly?”

It was a matter of concept, not appearance.

“Why do I hate Ichael? Why do I think I am ugly and Ikael is beautiful?”

“So did you realize?”

"maybe."

While fighting the Guffins for more than 600 or so hours, Lucifer's mind also changed.

“Because I can’t have it.”

Lucifer smiled sadly.

“There is only one thing that can be done. but not anymore If it's empty anyway... …

If emotions are just signals.

“I want to at least do it with love. Love is better than hate is not it?"

Even though they refer to each other equally, just as Lucifer saw Ikael and felt beautiful.

Sirone doubted his senses.

' love?'

For the word love to come out of the mouth of the lord of hell.

'ah??????

What suddenly came to mind at that moment were the last words of Igor, the commander of the Demon Division.

'It was this.' - It is not that there are no penitent demons at all.

Guffin asked.

“What is hell going to do?”

“Just because I disappear doesn't mean the demon disappears. It's just that the initiative passes to humans. I wonder what kind of hell the world they create will be... …

Lucifer shrugged.

“For most people like you, this wouldn’t be a bad place to be.

ji."

“What if humans fall?”

“Hmph, there is no need to worry about hell for a guy who goes back to reality. A human-made monarch will rule the world anyway. Let's call it Satan for now.”

“It’s Satan.”

Humans, please take care of yourself.

"good. After my purification, you can return to reality. Your Ultima will become stronger with the Lord of Hell's repentance... …

Lucifer flashed the demon's eyes.

“Anke Ra is strong.”

Guffin nodded.

"I know. But not alone. All Gaians will unite and attack.”

“Ikael will not help you.”

Guffin knew how conservative and proud she was.

Lucifer's fangs sparkled.

“But you must keep your promise.”

Since the existence of the universe was at stake, Guffin had no intention of violating it hastily.

“Do your best. Under no circumstances will I ever forsake Ikael.”

Lucifer was finally satisfied.

“That’s enough.” The moment he closed his eyes and smiled at the thought of Ikael, he heard a cold voice.

“Time remaining until purification, 764 years, 1,428 circa 9,984 trillion 129.8 billion 11,763,329 hours left.”

It was the price of repentance.

After leaving the infinite wall, the guffin disappeared from sight for about a day.

“… … How much is left?”

Lucifer asked the sky.

“Time remaining until purification, 764 years, 1,428 circa 9,984 trillion 129.8 billion 11,763,329 hours left.”

It didn't even last an hour.

“Cheuk, is that so?”

In Hell, time is converted into sensations, and the Lord of Hell cannot possibly feel pain.

“It’s embarrassing.”

As Lucifer looked up at the sky, the vision of Ikael was revealed.

" iced coffee??????

As much as the distance between nothing and yu, it must have been a huge love.

“If only I could see you just once.”

He reached out his hand toward her in front of him, but nothing was caught.

A beautiful smile appeared on Lucifer's weeping face for the first time in his life.

“Ichael.”

The pain of tearing my heart into pieces.

"love you."

That pain is completely converted into time.

“Aaaaaaa!”

It exploded Lucifer's body into black ash and pushed him into the infinite wall in an instant.

Where only silence reigns.

“… … Purification is over.”

A woman's voice resounds softly

lost.