[130] Island. Galliant(7)

Sirone was heartbroken. How beaten could he be to say such words come out of the mouth of a child?

“Since that day, the words have become a kind of incantation. Every time my adoptive father beat me, he said this. you can kill me Then the adoptive father stopped beating and left with an angry expression. Whoops, I just lived like that. When I was 12, when I was 13, until I left home when I was 17.”

“You’re the same age as me now.”

“Yes, I am old enough to open my eyes to the world. Then one day, I finally realized the meaning of the actions my adoptive father had done to me. No, maybe you already knew. That's why I didn't ask for anything.”

Sirone could guess now. Marsha's adoptive father had a terrible idea that he should never have.

“Like a fool. If you want to do it, I'd rather do it coolly. If that was the case, I wouldn't have gotten messy for 17 years. In the end, he was a pathetic coward who could neither do this nor that. Since then, I've been carrying a knife in my arms. One day I saw the eyes of my adoptive father who was beating me. Ugh, sorry I couldn't see you. So I just said it.”

Marsha spoke calmly with restrained emotions.

“You can hug me.”

“… … Did your adoptive father do that?”

“Huh, strangely, there was no twist to this story. The human attacked me as if he had waited, and I stabbed my throat with a knife. I honestly didn't feel anything. Then I left home and wandered around the world until I came here.”

Sirone was heartbroken. When he heard from the mouth of the person concerned about a story he had only heard about in books or rumors, unknown resentment filled him.

“Well, hey, what should I say… … .”

"are you okay! Now I just have to eat and live. The adoptive father died, but the kleptomaniac didn't disappear easily. It's not the first time or two that I've been in trouble because of this. Ugh."

When Marsha smiled brightly, Sirone felt better too. She thought it was amazing that she was able to be considerate of her opponent even though she had been through that.

“If it is an unforgettable pain, I think hugging is a way. Noona is doing her best to overcome the pain. The kleptomaniac will soon disappear.”

“Thank you for understanding. If you were going to do something to me tonight, it worked.”

"no! i really... … !”

"know. My face blushed for no reason. If I had a younger brother like you, I would not be bored.”

“Me too. In fact, I also thought that Marsha noona was really like her biological sister.”

"Hi-Hi! Ok, thanks."

Sirone was sincere. The other day, he thought about how he wished he had a brother while watching the relationship between Rian and Raina.

If you had a sister, would you feel the same way you do now? Her way of speaking and every action made Sirone feel at ease.

In the meantime, the bartender who had entered the room came out. 

I don't know the detailed structure, but it seemed that all kinds of information was being collected from the room he came out of.

“Gamos alert is off. They say they're going back to the mansion to have a party, as if they've found a girl they like.”

"Phew, but I'm glad it's not too late."

Marsha glanced at Sirone with sullen eyes.

“Hey, do you think you hated being with me that much? Just a while ago, she said in a baby-like voice, “Marcia, please be my older sister.”

“… … I didn't say it that way.”

Sirone felt the same way. It was the first time that he, who was not used to women, had a conversation without noticing the passage of time.

However, I had to leave for the sake of the family members of the villa who were waiting for the boat.

“I guess I have to go back. Can I see you again?”

"of course. Are you afraid that you will run away in the middle of the sea? If you're bored, come and play. Because I intend to stay here.”

"haha! Yes, then I will go.”

When Sirone left the bar, Marsha ordered a strong drink with a light expression.

As expected, the two men who had been waiting for an opportunity until now approached as if they had been waiting.

“It’s fresh. Maybe because I was drunk with you, I paid more for my drinks than usual.”

“Getting a room? This is where a woman alone never knows what's going to happen. How about going in with me?”

Marsha didn't even turn her head.

"go away. before killing them.”

"what? did you say everything? Do you want to be treated properly today?”

The man held the bottle upside down on the table. People looked back at the bar with a sudden sense of tension.

As her eyes focused, Marsha sighed inaudibly. She then suddenly changed her demeanor and let out a crackling laugh.

“Ho-ho-ho! All right, go to your room. But can you handle it with only two people? Why don't you bring more friends?"

“What, what?”

“Bring it. 10 people? No, 20 people don't matter. I'll play with you all night, so bring it to me. I hate interruptions the most.”

The men were offended without even knowing why. But Marsha knew. The fact that when breeding competition intensifies, males reveal their natural weakness.

“What, what, damn it. go crazy girl Let's go.”

“Ah, it’s because I’m out of luck.”

Marsha looked at the men walking away as if they were pathetic, then turned away.

Before I knew it, the drink I ordered was up. When I passed it all at once, a fire shot out of my throat and my mind became hot.

“Huuuuuuuuuuuuuuu, this is how it should be. Bartender, another drink.”

Instead of serving a new glass, the bartender came over and poured Marsha's glass.

“… … Is that Marsha?”

“Huh, then, is there another Marsha?”

“I heard that you're wanted by the Magic Association, but you've been avoiding it so far. Did you come in at all?”

"no. I'll be there soon. I just came here for a moment to sort things out.”

“I would like it to proceed as quietly as possible. When a big guy like you makes a fuss, the island gets messy. We don't want the agreement broken. If you promise to cooperate, I'll let you stay here for a while.”

"it's okay. I didn't even have a good idea here from the beginning."

The bartender polished the beer glass until it clicked. After remaining silent for a long time, he spoke indifferently.

“The boy must be disappointed.”

“Whoops. are you okay. Originally, at that age, I was broken hearted and that’s it.”

“I thought you liked it?”

“It was fun. Ha ha, to be honest, it was a bit risky.”

Marsha hugged her shoulders and looked up at the ceiling.

“How can there be such a disgusting human being?”

take precedence (1)

The villa was quiet, as if no one was there.

Amy was sitting on the sofa by the fireplace, and Lian and Tess were too busy staring at her to say a word.

Sirone wasn't coming. It's already been 2 hours since I went to the market, so unless I'm bringing fish out of the sea, it's time to come back already.

“Sir, is Sirone late?”

Tess, who spoke out to melt the frozen atmosphere, was startled. He felt like his voice was being heard louder than usual.

Even so, Amy was staring at the darkness without even a slight movement.

'Oh, it's completely thin ice.'

Tess shuddered. In fact, she seemed to be in a bad mood for Amy, as much as she felt the chills.

Of course, as a woman, it was completely understandable. Apart from the meaning of a couple's trip, wasn't it the first exciting vacation for the two of them?

'Sirone, you were too careless. This is disappointing for me too. Chet!'

Crayfish are on the side of the crab, Tess sided with Amy.

As a woman, she knew how much Amy had yielded to Sirone.

Despite a disagreement at the port, she readily offered to cook. Men might think that's a big deal, but from a woman's point of view, it was the most honest expression of her feelings, 'I want to reconcile with you quickly.'

But Sirone was an hour behind Lian. If she's lost, she might be, so it's not the time for her to worry, but Amy wants her to take responsibility for even such trivial parts.

“Oh, I am hungry. Why the hell aren't you coming? Shall I go out and look for it?”

Lian murmured, holding on to her stomach without noticing. She wasn't the kind of girl who decided to eat a few meals a day, so she was patient with an hour's grace.

"it's okay. And then we get confused.”

"okay? Then can I eat the potatoes I bought?”

Tess raised her ax eye and shouted.

“Why are you so gullible? Think about Amy.”

“What is so serious? Sirone said she had more to live for than me. It could be late.”

Tess was stunned. Even though Sirone wasn't her own partner, and already resonated with Amy, she seemed to hate even Rihanna.

“Even if Sirone has a lot to live for, she's smarter than you, so it's normal to come sooner than later. So, this is a very serious matter! You decide whether to eat potatoes or green onions in the corner.”

“Why are you so temperamental? What did I do?”

Ryan scratched his head like a bear. He couldn't be particularly selfish, as he was indifferent to the sound of swearing at him.

Amy was the first to speak. She tried to smile as if she was sorry for ruining the mood.

“Sorry, because of me. Just cook and eat from you guys. I'll eat with Sirone when he comes.”

“I can’t do that. It was a cooking competition.”

“But Lian is hungry. It's because Sirone is late anyway. What should we lose?”

Tess soothed Amy with a tearful expression.

“It’s okay, Amy. In fact, I'm not hungry at all. What should I do with that insectivore?”

Ryan was really chewing raw potatoes in the corner. He was a man who couldn't even skim, but his physical strength was comparable to that. & nbsp;

In a way, it was pitiful to see that in order to maintain tremendous muscle strength, the calorie consumption would be several times higher than that of a normal person.

Undecided and silent, Amy put her feet up in her chair and rested her cheek on her lap.

'Why aren't you coming? What really happened?'

He's not a kid who doesn't keep his promises. But he wasn't stupid enough to make a mistake and waste time. 

Perhaps there were unavoidable circumstances.

But no matter how hard I tried, I couldn't help feeling sad.

'You brought me. Except for you, everyone I meet today.'

It was lonely. Although they became close, Lian and Tess had a sympathetic relationship as partners. There was no room for Amy to squeeze in between them.

thump. thump.

someone knocked on the door Tess's face brightened and Rihanna clenched her fists at the thought that she could finally eat.

“Are you Sirone? wait a minute... … !”

Before Tess could finish her words, Amy walked to the door. she shouted as she raised her eyes and threw open her door as she had the temper.

"hey! Where the hell are you and what are you doing now... … huh?"

Amy opened the door and blinked her eyes.

It wasn't Sirone. It's not even that I don't know. What is certain is that he is not supposed to come here.

Jis, who had been scrambling in the harbor, stood there.

"what? Why are you coming here?”

Jess' face turned red. I never thought it would be this woman who opened the door and came out.

My teeth gnashed when I remembered the events of the day, but my heart skipped a beat when I saw an unfamiliar figure in comfortable clothes.

Gathering his senses, Jis shamelessly inspected the interior of the villa. His stomach ached from being hit by Falcoa, but his expression was undisturbed.

“Wow, this is really nice. Are nobles different?”

"Are you asking what's going on? How did you know we were here?”

“I searched and found it. If Jis, the ruler of the port, puts his mind to it, that's not a big deal. Now you know, how fast am I on the island?”

"so? You came here just to show off that one trick?"

---------------------------------------