[277] 1. Hostile friendly relations (6)

"good. If you're really curious, I'll introduce you specially."

“No, I don’t… … .”

Before Sirone could finish his words, Zion held out his hand to the sword.

“Come on, Armand.”

A clear sound of metal spread through the room.

The moment Sirone turned to Armand, the sword that rose by itself was sucked into Ji-on's hand.

Sirone twisted her body again following the movement of the sword, and stopped moving in a hurry. Before I knew it, there was a knife blade in my throat. The cold metal vibrates, and high-frequency sounds circulate in my ears.

Uorin, whose hobby was interrupted, struggled.

"brother! Why are you doing this all of a sudden?”

“You stay still.”

This time, Zion could not yield.

When I glared at Sirone, my lips naturally twisted. Even when the blade entered his throat, his unafraid eyes made him mad with annoyance.

"what's the matter? I was suddenly speechless. Do you think I will kill you?”

Sirone was alert to the vibration she felt under her chin.

The Spirit Zone had already entered. The nature of Armand, transmitted through synesthesia, was truly bizarre.

Is this really a sword or is it a creature?

“Why no answer? A genius wizard?”

It was a petty remark to spit out after a surprise attack.

Of course, Sirone had the confidence to deploy teleportation faster than Zeon's reaction speed. However, he did not guarantee that he would be able to dodge the magic sword flying through the air.

Taking Sirone's silence as approval of defeat, Jion burst into laughter and withdrew his sword.

"ha ha ha! can't you too? My guess was correct. Articles in magazines are all exaggerated. At best, what is the best talent for a student subject... … .”

Uorin put her hand on her waist and said with a voluptuous expression.

“Brother, you are too harsh.”

Ji-on didn't even listen and threw Armand. 

The demonic sword emitting cold light swiftly and stealthily flew back to its original position and stood up.

Sirone realized belatedly that there was no pedestal to support the sword from the start.

“You know why I don't kill you? because it's not worth it Even if it's not me, there are many people who hate you in the castle. Maybe you felt I mean this morning.”

Sirone did not understand what Zion said. In the morning, I was busy with a paternity test, and other than that, there was nothing unusual.

If I had to pick one, it would be that I couldn't get in touch with Reina? 

However, if something happened there, it would have been normal if rumors had already spread in the capital.

"What are you talking about? What about this morning?”

Then, this time, Ji-on tilted his head.

Although unlucky, he knew better than anyone else that Sirone was not stupid.

In the end, it was said that Reina, the legal representative, blocked the information going to Sirone in advance.

'Hmm, you're not a normal bet either.'

I took it easy because she said she wasn't a family head, but she was a woman who was more resourceful than expected. She does, but that's why she must have been from the Ogent family.

In any case, it was clear that she did not want the events of the night to come to the surface.

It was a bad decision, but it was an excellent decision.

“Hmph, now that I see you, you are such a pitiful bastard. After all, even your allies don't trust you. You're the only one in the castle who doesn't know what happened last night.”

Sirone cried and said as if questioning.

“So you ask what happened?”

According to Zeon, Reina knew about it. How could she not know what she knows?

It will not be an out-of-power notice. However, I had no idea what the circumstances were that even Amy couldn't let go.

"it's okay. I will go and ask myself.”

Thinking that Ji-on couldn't hear her, Sirone walked to the door, but Uorin, who had been listening until now, opened her mouth.

“If I go, I probably won’t be able to meet you. I heard you moved houses last night.”

Shirone looked back at Uorin while holding the doorknob.

This was also the first time I had heard of it. What the hell is going on around you?

“You moved? Where?"

“I didn't hear that either. My brother's legal representative added a non-disclosure clause at dawn. Perhaps you can find out when you go to the audience room.”

It was about going directly to the highest power and asking. 

Besides, it's a non-disclosure clause. It was not a powerful diplomatic tool, but it was an aggressive response from Reina, who was relatively weak.

Sensing that the situation was not serious for the first time, Sirone left the gallery without looking back.

@

An awkward silence fell in the gallery where Sirone left.

Ji-on glanced at Uorin. Whether or not she was aware of the tsarist atmosphere that pervaded the space, she was just engrossed in drinking her tea. As it is, even if an hour passes, she won't even raise an eyebrow. Her sister was such a woman.

“Whose side are you on?”

“What are you talking about all of a sudden? Are you on the side?”

Uorin asked with an innocent expression.

Ji-on finally exploded in anger.

“Why are you being nice to Sirone? That bastard is my enemy! An enemy trying to steal the throne! Then of course you have to help me!”

Uorin was burdened by the blatant request.

“Why is my brother like this? We've never had a conversation like this before. Could it be that you wished for that and were good to me? Because I'm Theraze's daughter?”

“No, it’s not like that… … .”

Ji-on's face became hot. 

People in the world wouldn't know how humiliating it was to hear something like this from my little sister.

In fact, she helps just by being there.

As long as you hold out your business card that you are Uorin's older brother, any aristocrat will spare no support. He was the one who had eliminated numerous enemies with his mighty firepower.

Perhaps Uorin knew. And yet, he never once said anything about it.

So good. But I never thought it would come back like this like a boomerang and stamp on my back.

'Sheesh! It's going to come out like this, right?'

Ji-on turned around with a sad heart and blew his nose vigorously.

In an atmosphere that seemed like she would never speak again, Wu-rin sighed and stroked the back of her pouting brother.

“Oh, yes. okay. Can't you think of me? It's just that it's awkward for us to talk like this. This is one of the reasons why the royal family is divided. After all, there is no one to threaten my brother here. What are you so afraid of?”

Ji also suddenly had a question. 

What the hell are you afraid of?

Sirone is just an illegitimate child with no connections or foundation. The only thing to be put forward is the reputation of the humble wizard society. Archangel's ability? This was a royal castle teeming with archmages.

"okay. I was narrow-minded. Sorry."

Zeon immediately changed his stance. It felt good that her sister cared about her feelings.

Uorin said a few more things that Jion wanted to hear before returning to her seat.

Unlike Ji-on, whose mouth was stuck in her ears, she stopped pouring tea as if she was tired and exhaled a long breath toward the ceiling.

'Whoa, anyway, men.'

2. The alternative trap (1)

Sirone went to the administration office and requested an audience.

Permission was issued in 10 minutes. The work was done so quickly that I wondered if there had been an order.

Upon arriving at the audience room, the Royal Guard opened the door. Orkamp, ​​dressed in clothes, was waiting.

“I was just about to call. Come this way.”

Sirone sat across from Orkamp.

I was trying to figure out where to start, but Orkamp answered before I even got to the question.

“The family's accommodation has moved to an annex. Don't ask the official to guide you.”

A quick explanation sounded like an excuse.

However, they did not come to the king merely to find out where to stay. What Sirone wanted to know was more important than that.

“What on earth do I not know?”

Orkamp sighed.

Being a king is, after all, a dead end position. Reina could have run away from the difficult question, but he couldn't.

“There were five assassination attempts from last night until dawn. Three cases of poisoning, two cases of assassination. Lethal doses of poison have been detected in the food that feeds the family. At dawn, an assassin was caught every hour in the apartment of the royal family. I couldn't find out who was behind it because I committed suicide, but it's a fact that everyone knows that I was aiming for you.”

Sirone felt like he had been hit in the head with a hammer.

Assassination is something a person commits. But the unexpectedness was so strong that it felt like a natural disaster.

“Why are you trying to kill us?”

“What do you mean? Did you really think that nothing would happen?”

To be honest... … It was.

Of course, it wasn't that I was careless. However, it was a completely different matter to be sure that the enemies would move into action two days after arriving at the capital.

"I don't know. Assassination of a candidate for the first prince is a felony. If the background is revealed, even if the family perishes, it will not be enough. Does it make sense to finish such a major event in just two days?”

“Do you think they are stupid? No, sirone. Rather, it is a very reasonable and clever judgment. It’s about stabbing the blind spots in your thinking.”

“of thoughts… … blind spot?"

“Assassins fall into two categories. Assassin and Hitman. Among the orthodox Assassin's proverbs, there is something like this. 'People don't kill, circumstances do.' It's enough to avoid black. But the situation is unavoidable. If I had to kill you anyway, yesterday was the best time.”

Sirone corrected the error in his thinking.

It was not that he was oblivious to the danger of assassination. But on the other hand, it was undeniable that there was an underlying thought of 'Could it be now?'.

“Assassins aren’t good at using swords, they’re good at directing situations. That's why one Assassin is more terrifying than 100 escorts in a royal castle. They poke the blind spot of thinking. Once you get caught, you have no choice but to surrender your head knowingly.”

Orkamp is right. 

Why were you so relieved?

No, it's not that level of delusion. You cannot live by checking every part of your thoughts. Even if I corrected one thought, they would have come in looking for another blind spot.

“Sirone, don't try to analyze everything with your head. The castle is a place teeming with wild beasts. There is no coward here who misses the time to act out of fear, no matter how great the cost of failure.”

Orkamp stood up and walked to his desk. And he said, pouring a strong drink into a crystal goblet.

“Raina made good judgment. Anyway, after 3 days, you can become the official successor. If we fight in the mud for no reason, we will only lose. So pretend you don't know.”

Sirone clenched his fists.

I admit that Reina's judgment was correct. But even his parents could have died.

“You mean you’re just getting hurt? You can use this as an excuse to fight back.”

Orkamp smiled bitterly.

“Then let’s ask. Who do you think is behind it?”

“Of course, the Theraze family… … .”

Sirone stopped talking.

Is it really only the Theraze faction that is targeting him? That, too, was a blind spot in thinking that hadn't been looked back until now.

“… … I do not know."

“Yeah, I don’t know. It is not an exaggeration to say that the change of the candidate for the first prince is the movement of all the interests of the kingdom. Anyone other than Theraze faction has the motive to eliminate you.”

Sirone looked at the people on the suspect line.

Countless people's faces passed by. Even Orkamp... … .

“Does everyone want me dead?”

Orkamp returned to his seat with his crystal glass.

“If Theraje is behind it, it must be a kind of warning. If it's neutral, it will be to see the reaction. Because they want an accurate source of who you are.”

“A warning? It's a lethal dose of poison. If you eat it, you die. Even Amy, who followed innocently, almost died.”

Orkamp gulped down the strong drink. Sirone is overexcited, but maybe that's normal.

To the average person, assassination is a very distant concept. He could be robbed or run over by a wagon, but if he lived through the day thinking that an expert murderer was targeting him, he would go mad within a month.

lived such a life He lived with the assassin for the rest of his life, eating, going to the bathroom, and giving birth to children. The self who completely forgets with a sip of strong alcohol is rather abnormal.

---------------------------------------