[646] To the world (1)

Jive Kingdom.

As a kingdom belonging to the Seven Kingdoms of the Temple, it was a country visited by many international students because of its citizens' great influence and its free social atmosphere.

Dahlia Nane was also an international student.

From entering magic school at the age of four to becoming the world's second-largest graduate at the age of seventeen.

An achievement that is unbelievable to common sense.

However, if you actually look into Nane's daily life, you will smile bitterly at the boringly smooth life.

“It’s me, have you made your decision?”

The headmaster of the Jive Royal Magic School personally visited Nane, who set a record in the kingdom's history, and asked.

"no. I haven't decided yet.”

The principal's eyes were opened in wonder at the unexpected answer.

“After the graduation ceremony today, it will be announced to the Red Line Human Resources Department in three hours. If you’re going to take the Ivory Tower Test, you have to request a denial of disclosure.”

"Then I'll think about it until then."

The principal smiled plaintively.

'He also has a good heart. Even if he doesn't say anything, he probably wants to help the Jive Kingdom that raised him.'

Always a polite and moral student.

I had never even heard of him arguing with anyone or frowning.

'It's possible because he's a genius.'

The fact that there were no three generations in my life means that Nane's talent transcends those generations.

Even though he took the top spot in the shortest time in Jive history, I honestly wondered if he had even used 1% of his talent.

“You just have to make the right choice for you. Entering the Ivory Tower and making a name for yourself is the honor of the Jive Kingdom.”

As the same words were repeated, Nane spoke briefly.

“I’m tired of thinking about it.”

The headmaster shrugged at the blunt tone he heard for the first time, but it didn't damage his reputation just this much.

'Well, it's not another institution, it's an ivory tower.'

Even a genius would have no choice but to be sensitive.

However, contrary to the principal's idea, Nane was actually happy with her future job.

Joining the Jive Magic Association, taking the Ivory Tower test, and dying right now.

'Yes, now I... … .'

As Nane moved and fell into thought, the principal's closed eyelids froze as if frozen.

Birds were stuffed in the sky, planets stopped rotating, stars orbiting the sun stopped moving.

The brakes were put on the entire universe.

'What should I do?'

If there is no limit to the phenomenon, Nane's concentration, in which the development of thoughts transcends time, is not a sin.

In the cosmic scale of immersion, Nane threw the infinite faceted dice toward the end of the accident.

Because I have mastered all levels, there is no standard for likes or dislikes.

And when the dice finally stopped rolling, he realized the only thing left of him.

'decided.'

As Nane walked away along the corridor, the principal looked at her back with a friendly look and wished her luck.

'Please make a happy choice.'

According to the red line regulations, 20 graduates were also produced from the Jive Royal Magic School, and when the order of the school choir came, they started singing exactly in line.

“We become the light of the world as one.”

At the climax of emotion that made you shed tears involuntarily, Nane slowly stepped forward and took off her conquest.

'Why are you doing that? Are there any events we don't know about?'

The graduates looked at me curiously, but anyway, since I'm the main character, I continue to sing... … .

"me : yes! What are you doing!”

An unprecedented event in the history of the Jive Kingdom will take place.

After taking off her uniform, Nane took off her top, bottom, and even her underwear, then jumped onto the podium and burst into laughter.

“Ha ha ha ha!”

"Kyaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!"

The female students covered their faces, but since I was the envy Nana, I couldn't stop peeping through my fingers.

'Now, what happens?'

There was only one thing I wanted to know.

The area of ​​affair that has been reached at the end of all the degrees is the question of 'just different'.

A journey to define Nane as the only thing in the universe, endlessly repeating differences.

“Eat this!”

As Nane turned her waist to the chaotic music of the musicians, streams of urine spread in a circle.

“Ouch! You must be crazy!”

Even as they hurriedly left their seats, people felt strangely terrified when they saw Nane spinning in the center.

'How could that be?'

Being in its natural state meant perfect composure, without any tension or excitement.

"me : yes! stop! What are you doing all of a sudden!”

'What if I don't quit? What's going on?'

When the strong stream of water was sprayed, the teachers hurriedly blocked their faces, and the students in the lower classes burst into tears.

In order to completely deviate from the scope of the concept, it would be necessary to consider more differences than now.

Maybe as many as an infinite number.

After casting the fly magic, Nane looked down at the humans and flew away looking over the horizon.

“What should I do, Headmaster? I'm going to the city!”

Should I report it?

The reason why there was conflict even after causing this situation was because Nane was the best student in the history of the Jive Kingdom.

“Call the guards! You don't know what you'll do in the city if you're in that state of mind!”

"All right!"

Meanwhile, Nane, who arrived in the city, landed lightly in the middle of the market, where most people gather.

"Kyaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!"

Panic was a natural step, and merchants who thought it was a pervert approached with clubs.

"What are you? Are you determined to sabotage business?”

Since they were not interested in what they had already experienced, they did not urinate again, but the merchants' hearts sank.

The pupils were not normal.

'That guy is not a pervert.'

I was on the small side, but pure madness, complete uncertainty about the future, inspired fear.

'What is the basis of difference... … .'

There is no reason for my actions.

It was an affair that was distinctly different from that of Do-do, and Nane went through the lowest level of difference.

'First of all, the shape.'

Having made that decision, Nane headed to a tattoo shop, a specialty of the progressive Jive Kingdom.

“Come on… … Kyaaaagh!”

Whether or not the female employees who discovered the naked male body screamed, Nane stood in front of the full-length mirror.

“Carve graffiti on my body.”

1 hour after that.

While 60 police officers surrounded the store and confronted it, the police chief raised his voice.

“Release the hostages! Procrastinating will only put you at a disadvantage!”

While listening to the sound, the staff inside the store couldn't stop scribbling on Nane's body.

In response to the instruction to engrave everything in the catalog, even severe swear words were written down her spine.

'Ugh, that must be painful.'

Magical equipment developed to save time, but blood flowed all over the body.

Nane just stared at his reflection in the mirror calmly.

'Is my form unique now?'

Or still converge on some concept!

'Let's try a little more.'

Nane grabbed all the piercings in the canister, picked them up one by one, and pierced her ears.

cringe cringe

The staff couldn't stand it and burst into tears when they saw the 13 piercings put on while cutting the raw flesh.

'A certain state that can only be called me.'

“Oh!”

Suddenly, when I turned around, the tattoo was missing, but Nane didn't even pay attention and opened all the caps of the dye on the dressing table and poured it over my head.

“Oh no! The dye is poisonous... … !”

When I took a shower with all-colored chemicals while having scars all over my body, my flesh became hot as if it were burning.

“Quack! Kiki Kiki!”

He laughed exaggeratedly, tilted his head as if he didn't like it, cleared his throat again, and burst into laughter.

“Ha ha ha ha! Ha ha ha ha!”

When the work was finally over in a state on the verge of going crazy, the employees knelt down and prayed.

"I'm done. Please leave now.”

“No, there is still one more left.”

When Nane stuck out her tongue and pointed, two of the five employees rolled their eyes and passed out.

“Hey hee hee hee! Hee hee hee!”

At the terrible sound coming from inside the store, the confronting security forces gnashed their teeth.

“What the hell are you doing over there? Captain, can't we just go in?"

“I am a graduate of magic school. If you rush to subdue them, the hostages will not be safe.”

When the deaths came out, the Citizens' Assembly would hold a hearing.

“Hey hee hee! Hee! Hee hee!”

The female employee who had the long sword tattooed on Nane's tongue had a pale face, and her eyes were swollen from how much she cried.

'This is hell.'

Perhaps she will retire as a tattoo artist, but she will forever be remembered as the one who gave Nane's magic a singularity.

"It's a sword."

After clearly remembering the shape of the longsword carved into her tongue, Nane turned around and left the store.

“Arrest! Right Now!"

The 1st security team, masters of the schema, kicked off the ground and flew in and swung their spears.

'battle.'

I think.

Then, as if time had stopped, soldiers floating at different heights were stuffed into space.

Concentration that far transcends the human category.

'The sword of the wind.'

Its magical efficiency, which was so excellent that it was incomparable to anything, soared to the extreme through the obsession of the sword again.

The white light sword that was born on the palm of my hand loosened vaguely and scratched the surroundings in an instant.

“Aww!”

When dozens of scratches appeared on the steel armor worn by Team 1, Team 2 and 3 jumped in.

"catch! Don't let them run away!”

As many as 60 people blocked the escape route, but this was a mistake stemming from not properly identifying the person named Nane.

What really needs to be blocked is his thinking, not his body.

'Ah, that's right.'

The universe stopped again, and Nane dismantled many concepts in the realm of the other.

'The sword of flame. ice sword. electric sword. The sword of the earth.'

Each property is different.

'A violent sword. soft sword. ugly sword. A cruel sword.'

Although the properties are the same, the feeling is different.

'An unpredictable sword. A sword that predicts it. A sword that breaks that prediction. A sword that predicts it again.'

Even though they feel the same, their temperament is different.

'Dismantling everything in every moment.'

In an instant, more than 1,000 dismantled concepts diverged, and none of the sword spectrums overlapped.

“This crazy… … !”

Before the marshal could even utter the words to retreat, numerous swords were thrown in all directions.

Woooooooooooooooooooooooooh!

It feels like everything is exploding in the first universe.

When the teachers of the Royal Magic School arrived three minutes later, the surrounding area was devastated with Nane at the center.

“I ended up doing it.”

It wasn't until two hours after Nane disappeared that I realized that not a single person was killed just because I wanted to fight a 'different' battle.

Nane snatched clothes from the fallen villager and put them on.

There is no reason.

If the concept of wearing it again binds me to a certain category, I'll take it off right away.

The headmaster, indignant at the casual robbery, shouted with his fists shaking.

"me : yes! What the hell is this! A hopeful future was guaranteed to you! Do you intend to tarnish the family's honor?"

'It's the family's honor... … .'

Am I a concept bound by bloodlines?

'No, it's not like that.'

Nane disbanded the surname Dahlia.

Then, he raised his index finger to cover one eye, then pulled out a long tongue with a sword engraved on it towards the principal.

“Hehehehe.”

The one who dismantles all the truth in this world.

I am psychedelic.

---------------------------------------