[49] Strange Study Group (1)

Sirone floated in the dark space.

In some places, countless stars were visible, and in some places, only darkness continued for a long time.

In the darkness I felt as though I was still, and the fear that I would never be able to get out came over me.

Stars appeared one by one and began to gather toward a single point. It felt like space was shrinking.

I shuddered at the size of a star that was inconceivable to the human mind. I couldn't picture the scene that would collide at the last point.

But no collision occurred. The stars began to collapse and eventually disintegrated into dust and were sucked in. 

Time is running backwards. 

When he realized that fact, Sirone's body had also disintegrated and disappeared.

But Sirone did not disappear. 

He did not know what this final being of man was, but he entered the beginning of the world still conscious.

I could see strings of light wriggling and vibrating like earthworms. There, light, time, gravity and gravitation were integrated.

When we finally reached the end, no, when we returned to the beginning, the whole world was filled with light. 

As the sense of presence that made up Sirone began to fade, an extreme sense of unity surged in.

It was an integration like a huge explosion.

“Aaaaaaa!”

Sirone screamed and got up from the bed. His clothes, soaked in cold sweat, were damp as if they had been caught in the rain.

The son-in-law was quiet, and the moonlight stained the windows in a sad color. It smelled like a familiar book. On the desk, books related to photonization theory were spread out in a mess.

“Whoa. Another nightmare... … .”

I poured water from the kettle and drank it. I opened the window and dried my cold sweat with the cool breeze of an early summer night. After that, I was able to come to my senses and sit in a chair.

'Why are you doing this every night? What happened to me?'

Since experiencing Immortal Function in the speed gun test, I have been having similar dreams every day. It wasn't a nightmare, but the feelings I felt in a dream were nothing compared to a nightmare.

“Ughhh.”

Sirone hugged her trembling body and moved her arm. He felt that something made up of him was out of place. The problem was that this phenomenon was felt not only in dreams, but also in reality.

Some senses were highly sensitive. However, I couldn't figure out what kind of information the senses were receiving.

It's not that I can smell better, nor that my tactile sense has become more sensitive. There was no change in sight or hearing.

But, apparently, a new sensory organ was created.

"no way… … It's not like a ghost, right?"

I heard the piano sound announcing the morning. After confirming that it was dawn outside the window, Sirone went into the bathroom and washed her body. Since the advanced class practice evaluation was over, normal classes were scheduled to proceed from today. As the warmth reached him, the strange sensation gradually disappeared. If you stay like this all day, you will have a nervous breakdown. On the one hand, feeling fortunate, Sirone packed her bag.

* * *

After the examination period, the school regained its former cheerful atmosphere. The students who competed went back to being friends and chatted happily as if they had never done it before.

The recent topic of conversation was Sirone's speed gun test. Unlike the theory test, the practice test was mixed with sports elements, so it was only natural to be enthusiastic when someone showed off a splendid performance.

Usually, each class has a student who draws attention, but the impact of the speed gun test on the first day was so strong that it was buried in the shadow of Sirone.

A student with a score of 1200, unprecedented in the history of magic school, appeared. Even two of them.

The score difference between Sirone and Iruki was only 6 points, and it was a reverse electrode that broke common sense. Since such a great match was held on the first day, even if a latecomer showed outstanding skills, the light was bound to fade.

Sirone rose to stardom at once. Although he became famous from the beginning of the school year, he was known as Amy's boyfriend and an up-and-coming actor with a promising future. But now he was a student representing Alfeas Magic School, both in name and reality.

Even on her way to the classroom, Sirone was welcomed by the students. Among them was a class four senior. The reason why the relationship between seniors and juniors is strict in magic schools that adopt an early promotion system is that it is difficult to get true gold, but since a sirone who has achieved a historical record can catch up at any time, there was an ambiguous feeling to treat her as a junior. After all, Amy had excellent foresight in recognizing Sirone as an equal.

Sirone, who arrived at the advanced class building after greeting everyone passing by, was already exhausted.

"uh? It's Sirone-senpai. Hello, senior!”

“Sirone-senpai. I'm a fan of that senior. Can I just follow you from now on?”

The female students of Class Six approached me in a friendly way. Originally, it was the class that valued Sirone's early promotion the most. As they soared from 7 to 5, it was impossible not to be displeased with those who got caught in the middle. However, now that even the seniors of Class 4 are considered rivals of the future class, he had no choice but to forget about the past and change his attitude.

"Seniors. What are you doing after class today? I'm going to hold a magic demonstration with my friends later, but would you like to come too?”

“I decided to go play on a holiday, but my senior is going too. I will be your partner.”

"sorry. I'm not feeling well these days."

I had nightmares every day, and even when I was awake, I didn't want to go anywhere because of the sudden creepy sensation. The girls didn't feel sorry for the existence of Amy, an insurmountable mountain, and left with a promise to the next one.

“Sirone, Sirone, Sirone! Sirone, Sirone!”

The moment I opened the door to the classroom, a classmate pulled Sirone. Shirone, who was kidnapped before he could put down his school bag, put on a bewildered expression while receiving the stares of his friends.

"what's the matter? what's the matter?"

“The semester is coming to an end, so come join the study group. Class 5 kids are going to make one. Anyway, performance evaluation is a free topic. It will save time and be fun. So come in.”

“Hmm.”

Sirone did not readily answer. She had received many offers so far, but she thought that if she joined the research society, she should join the Supernatural Psychic Science Research Society, where Nade and Iruki are.

“Sirone. Don't do that. Consider it. The reason why you don't join the study group is because of your personal study? There are quite a few guys like you here. But you have to do a performance appraisal. So I'm making a temporary one. It's not an item that has a lot of discrimination anyway, so you can end it quickly and disband. Then you can do more personal study.”

"aha. I will.”

It was definitely a good strategy. Because the performance evaluation was a free subject, it did not have greater discrimination than the theoretical exam or practice evaluation. That said, joining the existing research society and then leaving after completing the performance evaluation was also an act of modesty. Therefore, it was Jane who decided to solve the performance evaluation by creating a temporary study group among students who did not have a study group.

"hey! What tricks are you guys doing? No Sirone! Sirone is mine!”

Nade shouted, hiding Sirone behind his back. The students looked at him with bewildered expressions. In particular, a friend who knew Nade's inner circumstances was furious.

“You are laughing. Are you trying to get me to join that strange research society? Sirone, you should never go in there. You don't have to join our study group, so I'd rather go to another study group. When I was in school, I never heard of Nade giving a performance evaluation.”

The Paranormal Psychic Research Society boasts a long tradition, but its official activities have been extremely rare. Most of the students didn't even know that Nade had a study group.

"what? Nade, do you have a study group?”

Nade quickly rolled his eyes and escaped the crisis by demonstrating his unique way of dealing with life.

"joy. of course. I wonder if the most popular person in the school won't have a study group? Anyway, Sirone won't work, so I'll take her.”

Nade grabbed Sirone's wrist and headed for the door. The student who invited Sirone to the study group shouted loudly.

“Hey Sirone! You have to think really well! Never go in there! And Nade, don't interfere with Sirone's studies, just let her go where she's comfortable!”

"Ha ha ha ha ha! Even after saying that, I'm already the only one in Sirone's head! We've already crossed the forbidden line!”

Sirone's face turned pale.

“Wait, Nade. what are you talking about now... … ?”

Nade closed the door without giving him a chance to protest. The students in the classroom stared at it with dazed expressions.

“… … What is he talking about now?"

The student who shouted at Nade scratched his head.

“It was a big deal. Nade That bastard, I think he's really thinking about attracting Sirone. I shouldn't be swung around.”

“No, it looks like you’ve already been swung? Where the hell did you take me anyway? It's class now."

* * *

As soon as Sirone came out into the hallway, he shook off Ned's hand. I know it's a joke, but the creepy feeling doesn't go away.

"hey! Why the hell did you say that?"

"ha ha ha! You're not wrong. Because you are the only person who has seen the reality of the Supernatural Psychic Research Society.”

“The reality of the research meeting? There was nothing to see.”

Nade looked at the people passing by in the hallway and sat down on Sirone.

“Sit down for a moment.”

"okay. Don't look at me."

Sirone sat down and leaned her back against the wall. After looking left and right again, Nade lowered his voice and said. 

“You're the only one who entered the study group directly. So, you must never speak out.”

“Even if it’s a rumor, no one even asks?”

"anyway! There are already no members, so even the management team is talking about disbanding. I have to stay as quiet as possible, so don't even take out the supernatural glass.”

"okay. I had no intention of doing it anyway.”

In Sirone's eyes, the supernatural and psychic science research society seemed to be ruined, but the members of the dark side who knew the true value were only looking for opportunities to swallow them. In addition, the teachers were in a state of being impatient to dismantle it somehow.

“By the way, are you really going to join the study group?”

Nade had known for a long time about the strategy of opening a temporary study group at the end of the semester. It's true that it's an efficient method, but he doesn't think it suits Sirone's situation.

“I was worried. why? Is there any reason not to?”

"of course. Although the performance evaluation is indistinguishable, it is still a loss to hold a research meeting with just anyone. Besides, you're aiming for the top of the school. 1 point is important. It's better to do it alone than to make ends meet in a clumsy place, or to join a proper study group.”

In Class Four, which aims for seniors, there are cases in which a one-point difference in performance evaluation acts as a large variable because there are students with perfect scores in a specific subject.

'Hmm. But that doesn't mean it takes too long for me to do a performance evaluation by myself.'

Said Sirone, who was rolling her head around.

“Nade. maybe you mean How about I join the Supernatural Psychic Research Society?”

Nade showed off his anger. If Sirone comes in, the study group will also form the Three Musketeers. Although they hang out whenever they have time, there were more times when the assortment did not match because Iruki often skipped classes.

But Nade couldn't readily agree. It has been 45 years since the establishment of Alpheas Magic School. Most of the students pass the graduation exam and go out into society, but in the shadows they do not know, various people are living their lives doing extraordinary things to the extent that it can be called another society. The Supernatural Psychic Science Research Society was one of those places. 

“Hmm. Are you okay? In fact, our research society is close to the dark side. First of all, supernatural psychic science is a maniac. It would be nice if you came in, but honestly I wouldn't recommend it to a friend.”

That there was something secret about Nade's study group could be guessed from the attitude of his classmates in the classroom a moment ago. However, I didn't want to choose the research society for the sake of grades. Paranormal psychic science has been an area of ​​interest since childhood.

“Not necessarily for that reason. actually… … I'm a bit weird these days. I was going to ask you guys anyway. I was wondering if supernatural psychic science could explain it.”

---------------------------------------