dark clan (3)

A man in a bowler hat and glasses took one last look around from the back door of the Blood Row.

The name of the man who looks exactly like the one I heard from the bully leader is Tempest.

Like the vampires who attacked the Bark family, they belonged to the Almas class.

As Lian was looking around the corner, the man slipped through the wall without opening the door.

'Vampire confirmed.'

Lian, who stayed in the seat for about a minute, moved slowly and approached the back door.

'It's embarrassing.'

Ryan didn't have the key.

Lian, who gently grabbed the doorknob of the steel door, slightly raised the strength of his arms.

“Huh.”

Suddenly, the iron twisted and the door opened.

'Did you hear it?'

I quietly pushed the door and checked the movement inside, but I didn't feel anyone.

When I went inside, relying on the intuition I had cultivated through experience, the corridor stretched all the way to the end of the building.

The crystal lamp was only partially shining, and as I followed the dark hallway, I saw a light in the distance.

'Blood Refrigerator.'

After reading the sign, he looked outside the door and saw that specially treated blood packs were stored by type.

As the vampire turned toward the door, Lian hurriedly leaned her back against the wall.

'I won't be noticed.'

Fastness is not the only measure of strength.

'There was no sign.'

Lian's tailing was so slow that even air flow didn't occur, which was a considerable level.

'It's not the best yet.'

He didn't like his level, but it was enough to fool the enemy.

When Tempest opened the lid of the iron box, the blood packs were neatly stacked.

He glanced over and put the bag beside him and began to move the packs one by one.

“What are you up to?”

Finally, when Lian turned around and stood in front of the door, Tempest stopped moving.

However, he soon regained his composure and continued his work without looking back.

"You're the one who disturbed Masquer."

It must have been the name of the vampire who attacked the Bark family, so there was only one conclusion.

“Are you also Almas?”

"It's called Tempest. It's been a while since I've lived. In the dark, of course.”

“I have no intention of getting involved in vampire society.”

Lian grabbed the large straight sword behind his back.

“But you can’t harm humans. If you get caught obediently, you won't be in a bad shape.”

"damage?"

Tempest smiled.

“Just as humans eat things, we crave blood to live. To put it in disgust, like a mosquito. Man kills mosquitoes, but he feels no guilt for it.”

It is Lian who has collided with many beliefs while crossing the desert.

'It's always like this.'

There were very few cases where the correct answer could be found, and the result was always up to the winner.

“I don’t want to complicate things. I have killed and will kill a human being, so I will arrest you.”

"okay?"

Putting the blood pack in his bag, he turned around.

“I heard about it. They say you fight like a hunter. But do you know where this is?”

“Blood bank.”

"That's right."

Tempest's pupils constricted vertically.

“How are you going to catch me?”

Throwing the blood pack left in the box to Lian, he moved as fast as teleportation.

As Lian's sword sliced ​​through the pack, blood splattered horizontally along the blade's trail.

'Don't miss it.'

If there were no interrupters, even the Almas class was one step below Lian.

The straight sword was drawn like a flash, and Tempest's left arm separated with a slap.

“Big!”

In that moment, Tempest finally realized the seriousness of the situation.

'It's a strange sword.'

The half-soul vampire has 50% immunity to physical attacks.

However, as Masquer had said, Lian's black avatar didn't work.

"but… … !”

When he bit the blood pack, the blood poured out, turning Tempest's lips red.

'Strong play!'

The slime blood gushed from the severed arm and regenerated the body in an instant.

“I am invincible here!”

As the Tempest valiantly advanced, the inside of the refrigerator was turned over in a mess.

'It's annoying.'

Although Rian severed Tempest several times, the body that sucked the blood did not know that it would be broken.

'damn! Are you really human?'

On the other hand, Tempest also felt Masquer's words that Lian was not human.

'I have to retreat for now.'

That moment when Tempest's body, which had been released by black smoke, headed out the door as if being sucked in.

'Now!'

Rian, who rushed with the power of axing, stabbed a large straight sword into the center of the only remaining upper body.

“Kuaaa!”

As Tempest's smoke regained its physical form, it pierced the heart and pinned it to the wall.

“Regeneration is impossible if blood circulation is blocked.”

“Quack.”

Tempest grabbed the great sword with both hands.

"Yeah, but you can't kill me. There's plenty of blood, so why don't you stay like that all night."

A voice was heard outside the door.

“How about this?”

Something stuck in Tempest's throat with a pick sound.

“Kuh! This… … It was a small syringe.

"what?"

When Lian turned his head, a middle-aged gentleman with a thin moustache entered carrying a medical bag.

“Don't move. If you pull out the sword, your heart will start beating again.”

After warning, the middle-aged gentleman removed the blood pack from the table and opened the bag.

Two figures enter the warehouse while he improvises a mixture of three drugs and sucks them into a syringe.

It was a tall man and a silver-haired woman.

Lian noticed that the woman's hair was silver.

“It's done. Now just inject... …

Tempest shouted in realization as the middle-aged gentleman approached, drawing oxygen from the syringe.

"Hunter?"

Then he struggled violently.

"no! That's not enough!”

My heart stopped, so I had no energy.

“Vampire special blood coagulant. It only takes 5 minutes to detox, but it's enough in this state.”

“You children! free me! I will kill you! I will suck all your blood!”

"now! stay calm It is very painful.”

Tempest screamed as the middle-aged gentleman violently thrust a syringe into his collarbone.

“Kuaaaaa!”

When the injection was injected, a noticeable change occurred.

'It is disappearing.'

Violet blood vessels rose like a net on Tempest's pale skin, and the skin became crumbly and fell off like dead skin cells.

“Ahhhhh… …

Then, as if it had been cooked by the heat, the whole body burned to a crisp and turned to ash and fell to the floor. A tall man followed the middle-aged gentleman and looked at Lian with a huge gun slung over his shoulder.

“What are you anyway? How did you find out about this place?”

Before he could answer, the silver-haired woman raised her sword and charged.

"Move. I have to kill you.”

As Lian, who had activated Axing, hurriedly stepped back, his colleagues watched with their eyes narrowed.

"what? Why are you moving like that?”

The silver-haired woman pointed a sword.

“You must be a vampire. kill it.”

Ryan roughly grasped the situation.

'Things are twisted.'

Certainly Axing resembles a vampire's movements, and above all, she was the one who confirmed Rian's death.

“You must be wrong. I am human.”

"gibberish!"

As the silver-haired woman ran up the wall, a tall man pointed a gun at her.

“Is this it?”

As the bullet fired with a roar, Lian raised her arm to block it.

With a popping sound, the marbles lodged in the muscles.

“Keugh!”

“Did you block it with your body?”

Seeing that sight, the tall man lowered his gun, and the woman who ran up the wall also landed in the middle.

“Huh!”

Hearing Smille's hallucinations, he tightened his arm and the orb fell to the floor.

it was made of silver.

"what? Are you going to be patient?"

When hit by a silver bullet, it was impossible to recover for several minutes even with Almas-class powerful regeneration.

“It doesn't work for me. Are you human?”

The tall man shook his head.

"No, if you're human, you're already dead." A middle-aged gentleman returned from looking outside and waved to his comrades.

“Let’s get out of here. The ‘kidney’ is coming.”

Lian frowned.

"height? Royal Guard?”

I heard that it will take time for the mobilization team to be organized.

'There's something I don't know.'

The giant pointed at Lian with his thumb.

“What about this guy?”

The silver-haired woman came closer to Lian.

“Are you not a vampire?”

“As you can see… … No, I can't prove it, but I hate drinking blood.”

Even to her, Lian's face had a lively complexion, unlike yesterday when his heart stopped.

“Xenia, didn’t you misunderstand? If it’s vampire fire, you just need to feel the waves.”

The silver-haired woman, Xenia, bit her lip.

“It’s a problem because I can’t feel it.”

The middle-aged gentleman concluded.

“Then you are a human. Are you going to take it or not? Things get complicated when you get entangled with Wang Seong.”

Even though they were vampire hunters, they weren't using legal methods either.

Xenia turned and spoke to Lian.

“If you are really innocent, follow me. You'll find out if you investigate at headquarters.”

“I will.”

Ryan had no intention of being here either.

“However, if it turns out that you are a vampire… …

Crossing the threshold, Xenia said coldly.

“I will kill you myself.”

Royal Guards surrounded the Blood Bank.

“The door is broken!”

"Go in! Beat the Vampire

la!"

20 minutes after that, a group of troops who looked inside approached the commander of the 3rd unit in Xinjiang.

“I found the traces of the vampire. but… … It had already turned to ashes and was destroyed.”

“Damn it! Are you a Hunter again?”

“How on earth did he know to come to you first?? This operation was completely classified.”

“I don’t know. Rumor has it that it's another vampire. withdraw anyway The blood bank is closed for the time being.”

"yes!"

On the roof of a building 100 meters away from him, Lian was looking at the blood bank.

'It must have been a secret operation.'

Tomorrow morning, Benoff's temper tantrum was pictured in his mind.

the middle-aged gentleman asked.

"I don't think it's from the king's side, but where did you get the information about the blood bank?"

“Just, here and there.”

It seemed that there was no need to reveal the reason.

“We are hunters. It's called the Genocide Team. Should I say the last vampire hunter left in Lodenin?”

'Genocide.'

The team name was significant.

“I am the drug expert catein. This is Gunner Fowler. And swordsman Xenia, the leader of Genocide.”

Xenia, who cut her silver hair short, had a sharp chin and thin eyebrows.

“Hong, I don’t know who I am yet, but Tong Seong-myung Katein stopped talking.

“What is your name?”

“Rian. Ogent Lian.”

Xenia turned to Lian with a surprised expression.

“A Knight of Macha?”

In this case, it was convenient to know the name.

“It seemed like they called it that way too.”

There is a rumor that a swordsman has heard at least once since the demons appeared in the world.

A mythical story about a swordsman crossing the desert alone and slashing demons.

'This man... …

He was much younger than I had imagined.

"but!"

Xenia's voice trembled.

“You got hit by shock! My heart wouldn't have been able to hold on. No, he was definitely not breathing... …

“Long, so to speak.” At least it wasn't something to talk about at dawn.

“Go back at once. Leave it to Dr. Grain.”

Anyone who studies anomalies in living things should be able to come up with an answer.

Xenia groaned and turned around.

"Follow me. Let me introduce you to the hideout.”