[66] The Invisible (6)

Clink!

The vase hit the wall and shattered.

After throwing the vase, Amy put her arms and legs against the opposite wall, gasping for breath.

"What?"

The moment the bell rang, a real ghost appeared. Is this the resonance that Nade was talking about? At first, she thought she was hallucinating. But what I saw before my eyes was a clear reality.

“Ahhhh… … .”

The moment the ghost's voice burst out crying, Amy activated the schema and ran to the door. When the door was smashed open, numerous female students were screaming and running down the hallway.

Amy was astonished. Dozens of ghosts were running behind them, clicking their jaws.

“Amy! help me! A ghost has appeared!”

Seriel shouted, pouring out tears and mucus. Amy's face went pale. She never believed in ghosts. But it was human nature to be reluctant to go to the bathroom at night when she heard a scary story.

“Ugh, ugh!”

Swept away by the waves of crowds, Amy started running toward the outside of the building.

“Grrr… … .”

A strange groan broke the silence in the desolate training center at the entrance of the mountain.

Ethella awoke from her meditation. When he stood up and turned around, a hideous transparent figure was walking towards him. He thought he was a ghost, but there was no particular excitement in the heart of the seeker fighting the evil of the world.

Ethella opened her eyes and inspected the ghost approaching right in front of her. Then her ghost also tilted her head and looked at her. It was the moment that proved how accurate Iruki's equation was.

“Grrr… … .”

“Grrr?”

Ethella raised her hand and pressed the soldier's nose with curious eyes. But, of course, his hand went right through and slipped through the back of the soldier's head.

"ha! ha!"

Shiina pathetically hid her naked body inside the frozen veil of steam, breathing heavily.

She was the one who washed herself in the public bath in the women's dormitory on days when she was on duty. But today I was so surprised that her heart broke as soon as I heard her midnight bell.

"what?"

The first thing that came to mind was the soul frequency. So, is Nade's words true? It can't be. However, it could not be denied that there was nothing visible.

“Ahhh… … .”

A ghost's soldier broke through the ice curtain. Thanks to that, Shiina regained her composure. That she was a hologram, she didn't see through. It was her pride as a mage that no one could neutralize her own freezing magic so easily.

“You dare to do that… … .”

Shiina proudly walked forward. As she expected, her soldiers passed through her without doing any harm.

Then the situation was immediately grasped. 

Shiina found two devices installed on the ceiling and walls. A thin beam of light emanated from a hemispherical device with a diameter the size of a gold coin.

Shiina sighed and slowly left the bathroom.

The moment she came out to the dressing room, the water on her body froze with a loud noise.

As he lightly brushed his body, ice shining like diamonds spread in all directions. Before I knew it, there was not a single bite left on my body.

“These are real… … !”

Shiina's eyes were severely torn.

* * *

Alpheas Magic School was overturned. 

The blackened windows lit up one after another, and students were screaming and jumping out of the door.

The same situation was directed everywhere. 

Holograms made by predicting people's actions in advance turned freely, and distraught students ran aimlessly down the street without even knowing that they had been deceived.

“Aaaaaa! Save people!”

“It is a ghost! A ghost appeared!”

When humans are immersed in extreme fear, the behavior patterns that can be predicted are surprisingly simple. It was because reason was paralyzed and moved only with emotions.

The children of the lower class cried and called for their mother, and the students of the advanced class, which were separated into boys and girls, joined the side where the most people flowed.

From the high ground, a crowd of girls from the senior class, with a few male students among them, was pouring down.

The ghosts seemed to be chasing people at random, but when watching from the sky, they were focusing on gathering the masses into one place. And finally, the whole school of 400 students gathered in Central Park in the north.

The students who were trapped between people and buildings finally realized. The fact that there is no place to escape because demons flock from all directions.

“Quaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa! come! Try something!”

“Aaaaaaa! Come on! Come on, you bastards!”

Hundreds of soldiers raised their swords and attacked them in unison as each let out a cry of fear. The crying children, the screaming female students, and the courageous male students all closed their eyes tightly without exception.

At that moment, the soldiers' bodies began to glow. Hundreds of bodies flashed like a flash and soared into the sky as if being sucked into a single point.

“What, what?”

All eyes of the students were directed to the roof of the central building. Sirone was standing on top of the railing on the roof. Nade and Iruki came up late and took positions on the left and right.

“Thank you to everyone who attended the presentation.”

The students looked at them with blank expressions. I still couldn't figure out what the situation was.

Teachers flew into the park in a hurry. It was the scene where all the faculty, regardless of whether it was a low-level class, an advanced class, or a graduating class, were mobilized.

Shiina strode through the crowd.

"you! Can't come down right now! What is this! You messed up the school!”

Nade greeted her with a wink.

“Ah, Shiina-sensei. Good night.”

“What a good night! Won't you come down soon? If I go up, I might kill you, so come down quickly!”

“But first of all, it’s a presentation. I will pay the end and go.”

presentation? What kind of presentation is this in the middle of the night? The children whispered at Nade's words.

"what? So you're saying it's all fake?"

“Tricked! Holy shit! You thought your heart would drop!”

Most of the students were still bewildered, but the few students who quickly grasped the situation pointed their fingers at Sirone and others and criticized them.

“You swindlers! How dare you fool us on the topic of Class Five? This is not a presentation or anything!”

“Such children need to be given a score in the performance evaluation! Guys, you guys are done! Where are the ghosts in the world, and they cheat like this?”

Even in front of the rushing arrows of criticism, Sirone and the others were smiling at ease. Then, as the swearing and accusations showed no signs of stopping, Nade raised his hand to calm them down.

“The Supernatural Psychic Research Society proved the existence of ghosts through a presentation. But you don't seem to believe it.”

"of course! Did you think you could make a ghost that doesn't even exist, trick it, and gain recognition? You guys will definitely fail.”

"that's right! It's just a bad prank! Anyone can cheat like this! If I put my mind to it... … .”

The class four boy stopped talking and blinked. Then, as if the other children also realized it, they each turned around and began to mumble.

"however… … How did you do it? Do you understand?”

“No, I can’t even get a feel for it. I felt like I was really alive. Besides, you fooled all 400 students.”

The children realized that this situation was no mere joke.

Creating hundreds of holograms is surprising enough, but how they moved them remains a mystery.

“Those children… … What the hell did you do?”

Seeing a commotion among the students, Shiina frowned and closed her eyes. To be honest, she hasn't been able to figure out exactly which method she used yet either.

It was impossible to immediately recall the fact that Nade's excellent mass production and engineering skills, photon output from the infinite realm, and tens of thousands of lines of equations from Servant Syndrome were grafted together.

“Heh heh heh. It looks like we ate a room this time.”

The teachers all turned around. 

Alpheas was laughing and looking up at Sirone and the others.

Shiina shook her head and approached.

“Principal, this is no laughing matter. We don't know what those kids did, but there is evidence that they trespassed in forbidden areas. Some kind of hologram device... … .”

“Hoo? Are you saying that even Shiina-sensei doesn’t know?”

Alpheas thought it was worth it. If he hadn't also majored in light magic, he wouldn't have realized right away that information transfer technology was involved in this strategy.

But is it really possible at the student level? 

In a way, it must have been a gamble for Sirone and the others. Alpheas wanted to praise that part.

Shiina admitted it honestly.

“It’s embarrassing, but I don’t know yet. However, I don’t think it can be seen that the children persuaded the teacher just because they couldn’t understand the mechanism.”

“Heh, I was wrong. That's not what it means to be hit by one shot.”

"yes? then… … ?”

Alpheas looked up at the students, sparing his words.

“Just watch. It seems the presentation isn’t over yet.”

The students were still arguing to find out the trick Sirone and the others used.

In an instant, Central Park turned into a large-scale discussion area.

However, the more they shared their opinions, the more they fell into a labyrinth. The class four students in particular were displeased. It was not the first time that his pride was hurt in a situation where he was completely fooled by the tricks made by his juniors and couldn't even figure out the mechanism.

"joy! No need to think! I must have done something funny. The point is, this presentation is a sham! You showed me a ghost that didn't exist and proved it? Don't be ridiculous!”

The students of Class Four were united and sympathetic.

"that's right! I can't understand this way! This isn’t psychic science, it’s just a show!”

As the voice of criticism grew, Nade stepped up as a representative and asked them.

“Everyone, are you still unable to acknowledge the existence of ghosts?”

"of course! Are you a ghost? It's just some kind of illusion magic! It's not a real ghost!"

“Then I will ask. If you really think so, then why are you all here?”

"what? yea of ​​course... … !”

Silence spread from the silence of the students. 

None of the hundreds of students could dispute Nade's words. If they thought ghosts didn't exist, why did they run away like fools?

The answer was simple. It is because somewhere in the heart there is a thought that cannot deny the soul.

“The emotion you are feeling right now is the essence of supernatural psychic science. Humans live with questions and curiosity about the unknown throughout their lives. If there is no need to know just because it has not yet been tested, then why should intelligence exist? I think this is the reason why the Supernatural Psychic Research Society should be located in Alpheas Magic School, the cradle of intelligence.”

The students became dumb after eating honey. 

Ghosts didn't actually appear, but what does that matter?

The important thing is that everyone here is thinking that ghosts might exist. And if you think so, someone must try to uncover the truth.

Nade's words made the students think seriously about this presentation for the first time. It wasn't just a prank to make a fuss at school. The Supernatural Psychic Research Society presented a perfect presentation in their own way.

“This concludes the presentation of the Supernatural Psychic Science Conference. Thank you to everyone who stayed until late.”

Sirone and the others politely bowed their heads. The son-in-law was silent and no one spoke.

---------------------------------------