[74] Dream On(3)

“You should have kept pushing! Didn’t you know that the error decreases as the number of trials increases?”

“That needs bullets too! If you followed your strategy, you would have to walk all the way to the house documents!”

"look! That's right! There is nothing in the world that can be consumed infinitely! Same goes for energy!”

“Why are you saying that all of a sudden!”

“Ahahaha!”

Sirone burst into laughter. Everyone who challenges towards their dreams is one. Therefore, success and failure are only secondary issues. 

Even if the people of the world point fingers at it as useless, or ridicule it as an idealist who can't support a family, isn't mankind able to develop this far because someone is doing it in the end?

'It's okay even if it's not me. I am… … It doesn't matter if it becomes someone else's fertilizer.'

Sirone didn't worry any longer. He is grateful for all the luck that has allowed him to come true, and he just needs to keep moving towards his dreams.

Iruki asked curiously.

“Sirone, why are you splitting things like that? Did you eat anything weird?"

Sirone shook his head without answering. And he made a promise again and again and moved on.

“I’m back, boys.”

* * *

There are two days left before the suspension is lifted.

Nade and Iruki arrived at the 4th training ground from dawn and were waiting for Sirone.

It was early, but it was summer, so the son-in-law was bright, and the two of them looked at the entrance, yawning.

Nade said, rubbing his sleepy face.

“Ah, what is it? Call me in the morning.”

“Didn’t you say you had something to show me?”

“What are you showing me all of a sudden? I am full of energy just by showing you so far.”

"well. It must have been tattooed on a pepper.”

“Puhahahaha!”

Imagining what Iruki said, Nade burst into laughter. Meanwhile, Sirone entered the training ground.

“Oh, he was already there. But why is Nade like that?”

"I don't know. I guess it's because I'm a pervert."

“Puhahaha! Tattoo! tattoo there... … ! Fuhahaha!”

Anxious Sirone didn't ask. It's probably because the two of them were exchanging silly jokes and doing that.

“Anyway, let’s begin. Because I want to show you quickly.”

“What are you showing me? tattoo? Fuhahaha!”

Iruki said as if he was pathetic.

"stop. not funny anymore Anyway, why did you call me here? What do you want to show me?”

"wait. I'll try right away.”

After walking to the center of the training ground, Sirone held out her hand toward the rocky mountain.

"what? photon output? Did you increase the output?”

Sirone cast a photon cannon. A white flash quickly passed in front of Nade and Iruki's eyes.

bang!

The rock exploded with a dull roar. 

Nade and Iruki's eyes, which had been dull until a moment ago, widened. The chin seemed to come down.

The spot where the light struck was wide and sunken. The two of them ran and looked for traces without saying who was first.

“What, what? is it magic Or real magic?”

“It’s strange. You're shocked by the light. I know that photons cannot be fused. Sirone, what happened?”

Sirone said with a proud expression.

“A new weapon I learned this time. It's not a photon output, it's a photon cannon.”

"It's a Photon Cannon. The meaning is plausible. What is the principle?”

"that is… … A bit long, so to speak.”

As Sirone spared his words, Ned came running quickly. And shook Shirone's shoulder with her face as her sleep fled.

“Tell me quickly! how did you do it! Light contains physical force,  This can never happen!”

Light and electricity are cousins, so Nade was clearly aware of what Sirone had done.

“I will tell you. therefore… … Would you like to go somewhere with me?”

* * *

Sirone and the others entered the restaurant in the noble district. While satisfying her hunger with seafood pasta, Sirone talked about how she mastered the Photon Cannon.

The vortex of dust on the bed, the situation in which Ulk was thrown down the cliff, and the principles of the Photon Cannon that he realized at that moment.

Even without mentioning Armin, the Photon Cannon was an idea unique to Sirone, so it was easy to explain.

Nade and Iruki listened intently, not knowing whether the pasta was going into their mouths or their noses.

After the hour-long explanation, Iruki, who was lost in thought, put down his fork and said,

“I heard about gauge symmetry from my father. The gist is this. Are you saying that there is a separate particle that carries mass? And you can handle that particle.”

Shirone realized anew what a great person Iruki's father was. To tell his son about gauge symmetry, nothing else. As the head of the dragon, he seemed to be aware of all the cutting-edge theories established throughout the wizarding society.

said Nade.

“In short, the result of the immortal function is mass. He mastered the Photon Cannon and lost his sense of portrait.”

"huh. Besides, I don't even have nightmares anymore.”

Iruki and Nade were lost in thought. A particle that transfers mass to matter. Sirone's realization was a great discovery.

In particular, the Photon Cannon was a magic unique to Sirone. Because no one is omnipotent. If you are not a person who directly felt the realm of infinity, you could not cast it simply by mastering omniscience.

“Awesome, Sirone. This may be even greater than we imagine. If you patent it, it's a discovery that you can sit on the money cushion right away!”

Numerous inventions that could be made with Sirone's theory were already popping up in Nade's mind.

“So, I want to ask you something, can you go to the library with me?”

"huh? library?"

“The school library is under disciplinary action, so entry is prohibited. So I'm going to go to the aristocratic library. To research the Photon Cannon a bit more. But since I can't go in, I want you guys to take me.”

“That doesn’t matter. It will help us too. But why can't I go in alone?”

Commoners cannot enter the noble library. After the suspension is lifted, you can use the school library, but I realized something after going to the slash-and-burn village. Denying identity doesn't change anything. At least I wanted to be honest with my friends.

“Actually, I am not an aristocrat.”

Nade, who was chewing on the pasta, opened his mouth blankly. Iruki was also staring at Shirone as if shocked.

“I am a commoner. I was abandoned in a stable when I was young, and now my parents raised me. My father is an ordinary mountaineer.”

Although he jumped into the world of magic late, I can't imagine he was a commoner. In particular, the fact that she was abandoned by her biological parents did not match the wrinkled appearance of Sirone at all.

"Sorry. I haven't said it until now. I will accept any criticism. But I didn't want to lie anymore.”

Nade and Iruki looked at each other. The feelings of each other felt through the eyes were the same.

Iruki turned to Shirone and spoke first.

“It is a shocking fact. But to be honest, I don't feel anything special? Anyway, you are Sirone.”

"So do i. I wouldn't know if I knew it from the beginning, but now that I've heard those words, nothing will change. The times we had together will not disappear.”

I thought my friends would understand, but it was just a personal expectation. When she was recognized by them, Sirone was touched by her heart.

Iruki lowered his head and giggled.

“So it was a special screening. The reason I learned magic late was because I wasn't a noble. Well, talent isn't something you're born with, considering where you're from. It's really great.”

"thank you. for saying so.”

Nade waved his hand at Sirone's thrilled appearance.

“Hey. It can't be that serious. I think I'm rather fortunate To be friends with you without prejudice. If I had known in advance, I wouldn't have even dreamed of a research presentation a few days ago.”

Iruki gave up his thoughts and stood up from the table. If he dragged out more time here, the atmosphere would only deteriorate.

“Okay, let's go to the library. It was boring to play, but it worked. Let’s burn the passion for learning properly!”

Sirone and Nade stood up and shouted. 

“Good!”

Return of the Archmage (1)

Basuka, the capital of Tormia Kingdom.

There was a dungeon 70 meters deep underground that was completed 100 years ago in the underground mountain range that flowed around the capital. Called the Labyrinth of Darkness, this place was once the hideout of the great wizard Viltor Arcane, who ruled the world.

Arcane, an authority on dark magic, fought with various countries and suddenly disappeared in the wake of an incident 40 years ago.

At the time, Arcane's wizard level was an unofficial level 3.

Once you reach level 3 or higher, you will be given the title of Archmage regardless of public or non-official.

The wizard's grade is determined by achievements and reputation, and the Magic Association manages this with a special scoring method.

The number of points required to advance from level 10 to level 9 is 1,000 points, including Achievements and Fame. And the number of points needed to go from level 4 to level 3 was 280 million points.

In other words, third-class wizards were those who had accumulated enormous achievements and reputations that ordinary people could not imagine.

Compared to 500 points for the achievement set for clearing the Dungeon of Danger Level A, and 100 points for the fame set for meeting the king at the invitation of the royal castle, it was possible to guess how much Arcane was stirring the world.

Arcane rose to the position of an unofficial third-class wizard 40 years ago, at the age of 89. At the time, the score was 100 million points for achievements and 180 million points for fame.

The reason his reputation is higher than his achievements is because he was a troublemaker who turned the continent upside down.

The bane of the era when banned experiments are basic and accidents that shake the national foundation, such as producing anarchists by association of dark organizations. 

Elderly people over the age of 70 would shudder at the mere mention of Arcane's name, so it was clear how high his notoriety was without even mentioning the 280 million points.

“Pooh. Pooh.”

Arcane opened her eyes in a crystal tube filled with green liquid. He was not wearing a single thread, and his skin was stretched like a 149-year-old body.

'at las… … The essence of darkness has finally been completed.'

It was the dark power he had accumulated over 40 years. Arcane intended to absorb this and recreate its former glory.

The reason humans die as they age is because cells reach the limit of self-replication. However, Arcane was suppressing cell division through a bio-maintenance device.

Arcane glanced around and saw the crystal on the desk. At first, it was something that was shiny like a diamond, but now it has turned black. It was thanks to the accumulation of dark power in the crystal with injection magic once a day.

'Alpheas, wait! I will definitely repay this disgrace.'

After being fatally wounded by Alfeas in his early 20s, Arcane's magical power declined rapidly.

But he, who survived with a single thought of revenge, would finally regain his former power today and be reborn as an archmage once again.

As the green liquid from the life support system drained down the drain, Arcane's back bent as the water level dropped. It was a senile body that could be put in a coffin right away.

As the front of the crystal ball was cut open, Arcane gasped for breath and crawled out.

“Canis! scale! Do you have anything!”

A young-looking boy and girl opened the door and entered. The atmosphere was somewhat gloomy, probably because he had learned dark magic.

“Did you call, Master?”

"clothes. Give me my clothes.”

---------------------------------------