Coming Disaster (1)

The 2nd Valkyrie Corps, which started marching from all over the Central Continent, gathered at the Kanian Plateau.

Tess, who was looking at the rocky terrain stretching all the way, turned to Lian.

“What happened to Sirone?” From common sense, it was the time when he should have already finished reporting to the Ivory Tower and returned.

“I don’t know. But it will be fine.” Sirone is strong.

However, it was uneasy that even the temple had not yet grasped the location of Yahweh.

'Why didn't you go to the ivory tower? No, did I not go?'

For Rian, the top priority to protect is Shirone.

Tess, knowing that, asked.

“Can I really stay here?” Rihanna shut her mouth.

His desire to find Sirone is like a chimney, but he couldn't leave even after knowing Havitz's abilities.

'And Natasha.'

Moving at unparalleled speed, it was impossible to keep track of her except for Lian.

'They'll come looking for me.'

Even from the point of view of the demons, the knight of Mach is a key factor for Valkyrie that must be dealt with first.

“I just need to hold out for a day.”

When the order changed from the temple came down, the entire 2nd Corps seemed to breathe.

“I will stop Natasha. But I can't stop Havitz. Be careful, Tess.”

Remembering vanishing, Tess swallowed.

"don't worry. I will keep my mind straight.”

It's not something that can be blocked by being alert, but there was no other way anyway.

“Is Amy okay?”

It was difficult to find Amy in the barracks spread over many kilometers.

“Since it is a magic unit, it will move frequently according to its strategy. Maybe it can only fly during battle.”

Ryan said calmly.

Once the battle begins, each person must give their all to their mission.

'No one can replace it.'

Saving oneself was the only way to survive this hell.

“Emmy… …

Tess conveyed it with her heart to a friend who was refining her mind somewhere on the other side.

'Let's make sure we survive.'

With the return of the outcasts and the changed command of the temple, the morale of the army skyrocketed.

And as the appointed time approached, the military flag became a cold blade and aimed at the enemy camp.

“Whoa.”

The 6th Battalion commanded by Amy was to support firepower at the rear of the vanguard.

'you can do it.'

Iruki said he would die.

There was no disagreement, but Amy believed in what she had done above all else.

'Fight!'

When she got up from her seat and left the barracks, the soldiers were waiting for her.

"Commander, it's time." From the eyes of the members who overcame fear, Amy realized that long words were unnecessary.

"let's go."

In the middle of the 20,000 vanguard troops being separated on the left and right, Amy's unit joined them.

Support would have been sent to the collapsed side first, and from then on, instructions from the upper level could not be expected.

“Listen to all crew members!”

The vanguard was Brigadier Taigang, a famous swordsman in the Central Continent.

“The next enemy we will face… … !” A huge cloud of dust rose from the horizon, and the ground began to shake.

“Brigadier General.”

There is no time to even say goodbye.

'Yes, this is war.'

Taigang, who had been indifferently watching the dust in front of him, smiled as he turned to the troops.

“It was an honor to be with you guys.”

As his mind dug into the hearts of the members faster than words, his eyes became bloodshot.

“Waaaaaa!”

As if pushed away by the shouts, Taigang started his horse, drew his sword, and shouted.

“Let’s kill!”

It was a start.

On the plateau where strategy and tactics were useless, the distance between humans and demons gradually got closer.

'come!'

Amy's unit rushing from the center saw a shadow hiding in the dust.

“Kuaaaaa!”

An army of 200 million, which could not be captured with the naked eye, was running with a tremendous roar.

“Huh… …

A moan escaped through Amy's clenched teeth.

fear.

But it's okay.

'it's okay. I came this far.' Moving the army from now on will not be petty will or determination, but irreversible inertia.

“Start bombardment!”

Following Amy's instructions, hundreds of wizards fired flames in front.

rz rz tz c: tz tz: rz I

-r?1—I~r?t?1?r!

And, everything was trampled on.

Valkyrie Command.

“Report! The 3rd Division of the 2nd Corps, which had gathered on the Kanian Plateau, was destroyed!”

the commander asked.

“What is the expected damage?”

“It is impossible to accurately determine. It is estimated to be over 30,000 when calculated per unit area.”

“Hmm.”

Iruki bit his nails as his breathing sounded like a hole in his lungs.

“Thirty thousand.”

It was only two hours after the battle started.

'I have to endure 22 more hours.'

The most miserable thing was that they could not provide any help to the 2nd Corps.

'Let's not think about what we cannot do.'

Iruki got up from his seat and walked to the other side of the table to look at the map.

“Forget the Plateau Battle. What you need to think about from now on is counterattack. How was the arrangement?”

"It's done. The best place is here.” The rookie's eyes were colder than ever as he looked at the location the commander pointed out.

6 hours after opening.

' what?'

Amy stood up, covered in dust, and watched the world spin.

'Where is this place?'

Canian Plateau.

'What am I doing?' at war.

The answer immediately came to mind on the other side of my mind, but there was no sense of reality, as if blocked by a barrier.

'Am I alive?'

I knew that activating the self-image memory would restore the mind from the state of shock.

But instinct denied it.

'Why am I here?'

I didn't want to come to my senses.

I was in a state where my instincts wanted me to go crazy like this and not realize anything.

“Kuaaaaa!”

The one-meter-tall anglers pounced on Amy, baring their jagged teeth.

Red eyes lit up, and Amy, alerted at the moment, twisted her body to avoid it.

mental

attack

As the shocking reality was recognized, a stress rushed in that would tear the brain apart.

rod

degree

“Great!”

But it didn't.

“Kihehehe! You are a survivor! Survivors!”

Amy, who had flames in her hands, turned the rushing jaws into a whole roast.

“The battalion commander!”

When I turned my head to the familiar voice, 14 people, including Berik, were walking with a limp.

"you!"

It was like meeting God in hell.

"are you okay? You are injured!”

Berrik's right wrist was missing, and the bleeding was not even stopped because he was in a hurry to avoid it.

"I am okay. Come on, dodge. We are already quite far from our base.”

“If you bleed more here, you will die.” Amy, who shredded her military uniform, wrapped it around Verique's forearm and tightened it tightly.

“Aaaaaaa!”

The nerves were pressed and the excruciating pain came over me, but this was not the time to argue about it.

"it's okay. Is this the only survivor?”

The 1st Squad Leader said.

"I do not know. This is all the crew we met on the way.”

Amy nodded and revealed her red eyes.

'Where is it?'

Even in a situation where the origin was unknown, self-image memory accurately derived the current coordinates.

Amy pointed west.

“The base is over there. follow me from now on I will avoid fighting as much as possible, so take care of the wounded.”

The escape operation has begun.

Hong's eyes led the way in any situation, but it was impossible to completely avoid the demons that filled the sky and the earth.

In several skirmishes, three men were lost, and another was killed two hours later.

"ha! ha!"

A distance that would never be impossible if it were a straight line.

'Never give up.'

I felt like I was going to go crazy from annoyance at the thought of having to hover in the same spot like a ball of thread.

As the sun went down, Amy finally heard the roar of battle transmitted by Asrai.

"I'm here! Arrived. Everyone, cheer up a little more.”

Since the demons were advancing recklessly, it wouldn't be a problem to detour to the main base.

“Quack! found."

At the voice from the sky, Amy's face turned pale and the crew members' eyes filled with despair.

"I miss you."

The demon with the head of a bull, clinging to the crow's leg, wickedly raised its mouth.

'If only... …

The division commander, Parkma, who has competed before.

'No, it's not a coincidence.'

Pakma, holding a huge ax with both hands, fell from the sky with a thud.

“Did you think you could run away?”

His side still throbbed from Amy's blow.

“I told you, even if it rips out my retinas, I will engrave your face on it. I mean, I haven't killed anyone since. Because I was looking for you.” Amy looked behind her and bit her lip.

'I'm almost there.'

It was a suicidal act to deal with the lively Parkma in a situation where everyone was exhausted.

“Is it me that you want?”

Realizing what Amy wanted to say, Parkma laughed bitterly.

"no. All I want is to do what you hate the most. For example… …

As Parkma suddenly jumped out and wielded a large axe, the injured crew members were decapitated.

"like this?"

Amy's face was contorted with anger, and the rest of the group joined forces at the same time.

“Die!”

Flames and cold were raining down, but Parkma approached as if he had no intention of avoiding it.

"haha! You must have suffered quite a bit? Is it much worse than before?”

The large ax had no mercy, and in the end, everyone except Amy and Berik were killed.

“Now, there are no obstacles, right? Shall we do our homework soon?”

As Parkma thumped the ground and approached, Berik blocked Amy's way.

“Go, battalion commander. I will buy you time.”

That was what Amy wanted to say.

“You go. I'll take it.”

“I don't think that can be. You know. I can't go back to the main base with my skills.”

“The captain is me. This is my responsibility.”

“… … Humans die anyway.”

"what?"

While Parkma slung the ax over her shoulder and watched, Verique looked back.

“My father did. When you have to make difficult choices, remember that the end of all life is death. Then he can really make the right choice.”

Berrik looked back.

“Of course I want to live. But if I can't, I want to make the right choice.”

Amy gritted it.

“Right choice? Is dying in my place the right choice?”

"no."

Berrik stood up slowly.

“I was born a man, so isn’t it better to look cool in front of the woman I love?”

To die anyway.

“I was so happy that you returned to the unit. Because you chose us, not your lover. to be honest… …

Berrik looked back and smiled sadly.

"I feel like I've won against that blessed bastard." "go. you deserve to live And I... … You’re going to be a damn cool guy.”

Berrik kicked off the ground and charged.

“Forever.”