[187] 5. Nor's Shelter (2)

“Is this the Norse’s shelter?”

"okay. It is a place where the affection of light dwells strongly. It can move hundreds of Norsemen. I heard that it was the site of the Altar of Light a long time ago, but they say that the aftermath remains.”

“It is more peaceful than I thought. Is it a safe place from raids by extraterrestrial species or heretical hunting?”

“It's not that far away. It was just covered up with a curtain of light. If you look at this place from outside the shelter of Nord, it only looks like a field.”

It was similar to invisibility magic.

Invisibility refracts light with the power of electricity to make it transparent. However, this place made the reflectance of light 100% and assimilated it with the landscape as if a mirror was erected.

A keen eye would be able to spot repeating patterns, but it seemed that no human would do such a thing in this vast land.

“Of course, the higher things in heaven can be found to recognize. But no one cares about life in purgatory. It's only Kergoin and the starving omnivores that give off heat.”

A simple tent village was formed near the forest. I also saw vendors laying out stalls. There were no customers, but they were chatting leisurely, as if they had no intention of selling anything anyway.

Guard Rock explained that they were merchants going to the mainland's shops. It was literally a shelter, and to find the right stuff, you had to go to Nord's shop.

Even so, it was said that from time to time subjects would come to ask for Norr's goods, and Kanya and Lena were one of those types.

Kanya has been nervous since arriving here. If purgatory is a neutral zone, this is the realm of heresy.

Maybe that's why Sirone and the others didn't even make eye contact and asked Gadlock.

“Where can I buy Nord’s medicine?”

“Hmm, did the apothecary come? Look for it over there.”

Gadlock shouted behind her as Kanya walked away.

“Remember one thing. You must never fight in Nohr's Shelter. you know?”

No answer came back. Instead, Lena looked back at Sirone and smiled. It was a pretty heart trying to alleviate her sister's rudeness, but it was a smile that also contained her girl's selfishness.

“Brother, see you later.”

"okay. I hope you find what you are looking for.”

No matter how wide Norr's shelter was, it was there, but it was good to see it as a breakup because conversation was impossible outside the radius of Arin's Spirit Zone.

Sirone watched Kanya's walking steps away from her.

He looked nervous.

What did she leave heaven for?

While Sirone was lost in thought, Gadlock inspected the wound on her abdomen. The bleeding was stopped, but the wound was a mess. He could be dangerous if not treated properly.

“I will rest for a while. I'm tired from bleeding. Listen to Clove on how to buy things. You, too, will need to know if you want to live in Purgatory.”

Master's face was pale, so Clove couldn't bear to refuse. Taking Sirone and the others to the stall, he realized that there were more vendors than usual, and his eyes lit up.

“Hey, white elixir, are you going to use it now?”

"well. I look at things first and buy what I need. why?"

“I can bargain if you are willing to pay brokerage fees. Since you're new here, you probably don't know what's good, right?"

There weren't many things that could be obtained with White Elixir at Norr's Shelter. It was like paying gold coins to buy apples.

However, since Sirone did not know what was valuable, there was a good chance that he would get even scraps of rice cakes if he negotiated well with the merchant.

Sirone checked the location of her friends. Everyone was scattered and looking at things. Since they are connected through a mental channel, there seemed to be no need to call them together.

-Clove soothes the brokerage fee. What do we do?

-well. I guess you'll need a middleman. To be honest, I don't know what they sell here besides clothes and food. But can you believe it?

Arin answered Amy's words.

-I can figure it out.

Sirone made a decision.

Menarche can tell if a clove is cheating. I just hoped it wouldn't happen. You can pay as much as you like, but it was a mutual loss to waste time in useless emotional fights.

“Okay, then let’s go around together. Introduce what kind of items you have.”

As Clove took the lead, friends also flocked to Sirone.

The items handled were diverse, probably because many merchants from the mainland were included.

At first, it was a necessity. Things like food, clothing, pillows and blankets seem common, but they were important items to heretics living in purgatory.

Clove said, pointing to a white loaf of bread that looked like a pebble.

“This is a color that is a must for heretical travel. It's food made with an elixir, so if you eat just one, you'll be full all day long."

Amy squatted down to examine.

There were several colors, but other than that, there was nothing special about it, so I couldn't guess the taste.

It's a good product if it can cover a day's meals with one color, but it was a question to consider whether it was the number one purchase item.

“Hmm, it looks cute because it’s round. Would you like to try it?”

Amy threw the bait and Clove snapped. He could tell how sincere he was by the words that came out of his mouth.

“This is such a great thing. Even if you fall in a remote area, you can survive for a month with just this. I like to buy as many as I can while I can.”

Then Clove winked at the merchant.

Arin scratched his head in embarrassment. She was so blatantly menacing that she didn't even have to analyze it.

Assuming that her friends knew about it, she left out miscellaneous explanations and only spoke of conclusions.

- Should we just do it ourselves? Do you think this kid has no intention of doing it right?

Amy also stuck out her tongue at his audacity.

- It seems so. But let's take it for a moment. Who would have guessed that these pebbles were food? Anyway, I need someone to introduce me to. You're not lying, are you?

-huh. I just want to earn an elixir. I guess I want to have it for a while. Seeing this makes me a little sad.

Canis winced.

- I guess so. Second, it's magic. His ability to judge the situation and respond in an instant is too poor. Can a guy like that really hunt? So I'll be more greedy.

The power of magic varies greatly depending on the level, but it cannot be a standard for determining superiority or inferiority in detail. This is because the effective magic is different depending on the environment and situation, and there are compatibility.

Even if the magic power of the whirlpool snake was overwhelming, it was the same reason as losing to Sirone.

To judge a wizard's level, one must look at how quickly and accurately he makes magical judgments.

Of course, that part took longer than magic. This was also the reason why the anecdotes of mercenaries who were hired based only on their visible magic skills and then were annihilated due to the magician's mistake were often handed down.

Canis, who traveled the continent to find Arcane's will, had more such experiences than anyone else.

Considering how effective Sirone and Amy's judgments were in the three battles that took place after arriving in Heaven, Clove was ashamed to even be called a wizard.

The next place Clove introduced was a stall selling medicines.

Sirone heard the apothecary and Kanya arguing just a moment ago, but she couldn't understand because her mental channel was broken.

Clove introduced several medicines to the party.

There were colorful drugs in a small vial, and it was said that it was made using an elixir.

The red potion heals wounds, and the blue potion clears the mind. Those two types were the most common.

The other colored drugs were also unique in their effects.

It is said that the pink potion amplifies the feelings of love, and the brown potion makes memories of a certain time permanent.

Sirone pointed to the white potion that Kanya had been looking for when arguing with the apothecary.

“What potion is this?”

Clove narrowed her eyes in surprise and picked up the vial.

"what? did you have this It's pretty difficult to make.”

“Where are the drugs used?”

“This is a stimulant. Stimulant Epines. People who drink this can stay fine without sleeping for a week. It also works great for wizards. For example, if you are shaken by howling, you will be able to survive if you eat this.”

Sirone tried to organize Clove's explanation in her own way. If the blue potion increases the power of magic, the white potion seems to have the effect of enhancing durability.

"It's just the right thing for you. It's expensive, but I'll tell you and make it cheaper. How about buying this?”

Sirone had no intention of buying Epines. If you have enough mental strength to stay awake for a week, it's sure to have an excellent effect, but bringing consumables to the original world was a waste.

If there is only one thing in the world, it becomes ambiguous to set the timing to use it. In purgatory, it would be something to drink every time there is an emergency, but it will rather act as a mind for the wizards of the other world.

I suddenly thought that drinking it the day before the practical test would kill the effect, but I gave up thinking that I could be expelled for taking a banned substance.

After the trivial analysis, the thought that came to my mind was Kanya.

speed.

What on earth is she going to do with this drug?

When Sirone came to his senses, the group had moved on to the next stall.

Tree vines, which grow tens of meters within 10 minutes after planting seeds, were said to be essential when traveling in rocky areas, and things like fire powder, which boiled water when sprinkled with water, were also strange.

Sirone, who had been listening to Clove's explanation, looked back at Amy, who had been watching from a distance.

Curious to see her staring at something without even blinking, Sirone walked away.

Something was moving around in the colander that looked like a cage. It was a fireball.

Do you think fire is alive?

As Clove approached, Sirone pointed to the barricade and asked.

"What's this?"

Clove, who was looking inside the cage, opened her eyes wide in surprise, as if the object was unfamiliar to her.

"wow! Are you a spirit? Mister, where did you get this? You had a windfall.”

"haha! To tell you the story, it's long. I had a good dream after a long time and went hunting outside the community. Because the brimstone worm gives you a green elixir with a low chance. So I caught a few, but they were all red. Shit, I thought it was a dog dream and tried to go back, but I was caught by 'fire pitchforks'. I thought of you as my wife and ran away. Then he tumbled down a rock wall and, oh my god, that was the spot of fire. The fire had been burning for a long time thanks to sulfur gas leaking from the floor. So I was going to drink the brown potion to remember, but the fire came to me in a splash. I just blew it out. I frantically took out the spirit prison and captured it. Anyway, that's how it happened, hahaha!"

Clove was in no mood to laugh along. He was saddened by why such an opportunity did not come to him.

The sulfur earthworm was an outlandish species that could be commonly found not only in Muspel, the land of fire, but also everywhere in the lava region.

A 1-meter-sized earthworm that spews lava, but its sluggish behavior makes it easy to catch even cloves.

The only problem was the fire pitchfork, but it wasn't enough to save his life from such a powerful alien species, and he even obtained a fire spirit, so he wondered if he was born with the law of heavenly luck.

Sirone looked back at Amy. She was looking at herself with eyes that didn't know what to do.

Sirone fully understood what he wanted.

If the light spirit was trapped in the cage, he couldn't know how he would change.

For the first time, Sirone seriously asked for value.

“Mister, how much is this?”

Transmitting meaning telepathically was new to merchants as well. But he responded calmly, only blinking his eyes.

One could think of merchants as such, but Sirone inferred a possibility from his reaction.

It was the fact that those who did not speak the language of the subjects might not be the only ones in this world.

---------------------------------------