[37] Bridge I Can't Cross (4)

* * *

Teachers panicked.

It was the first time in an advanced class that the difficulty of the bridge that couldn't be crossed had risen to level 10.

"teacher! Me, over there!”

A teacher raised his hand and pointed.

Sirone and Mark were jumping into the center of the iron bars that were entangled in a three-dimensional structure.

"damn! How reckless!”

The judgment of the parties engaged in a close battle was to continue the test as it is.

The persistence in promotion was commendable, but from the teachers' point of view, it was nothing but suicidal.

'It's a huge trap. How do I get out of this?'

Even at the crossroads of life, Sirone was only looking for a way to cross the bridge he couldn't cross.

The structure created by the bending of the iron bar is a 'wave progression method', and it was composed of endless waves like waves.

'If I wait in place, the traps will come endlessly.'

In the end, the key was to break through the wave in the shortest time and somehow get to the other side.

The first wave was a structure where the iron bar was bent and rushed like a whip, and Mark, who easily avoided it, gained his own confidence.

'What if it's like this... … .'

No matter how difficult the difficulty is, being able to be promoted is a privilege only for 1st place.

'The higher the risk level, the higher the discrimination power. It's a good thing.'

Mark's competitive spirit shone even in this situation.

'no! I'm in trouble!'

On the other hand, Sirone was not calculating the immediate danger, but even the future disaster to come.

According to what I observed at the beginning of the wave, the level 10 obstacle was not a structure that could be escaped by avoiding it every now and then.

If you do not move after analyzing all the 1st, 2nd, 3rd, and at least 5th waves, you will end up at a dead end.

“What, what?”

As expected, Mark put on a stunned expression as soon as he avoided the first trap.

A vertical wave was followed by a double horizontal wave, followed by a triple horizontal wave.

Judging from the forward speed of the iron bar, even the slightest misalignment of the timing was enough to break bones.

'no. I can't avoid that.'

Sirone, who was watching the situation from a higher position than the third trap, quickly descended toward Mark, who was in a situation where his back could be broken at any moment.

“Keugh!”

Right before Mark was caught in the trap, the students, imagining a disastrous ending, closed their eyes.

However, no screams were heard, and when they opened their eyes again, Sirone was escaping the trap while holding Mark's waist and linking the teleportation.

“Sirone!”

It was great courage to save Mark, but at first glance, I thought it was a reckless choice.

Moreover, it was not strictly tested.

"what? There is a degree to being good.”

“Where is that word? It looks like a person is going to die, isn’t it natural?”

“Of course? Could you do something like that?”

“This bastard! Why am I out there?”

While the students were arguing, only Iruki had a meaningful smile on his face.

'It's not like that, you idiots... … .'

The trap stretched out to the edge of her field of vision, and Sirone was heartbroken as she looked at it.

When the net-shaped net approached, the test started and for the first time, my head went pale.

'How am I supposed to avoid that?'

I felt like a flying insect waiting for a fly swatter when a huge trap measuring up to 20 square meters approached.

“Aww! Sal, save me!”

Mark started to struggle.

Since his courage had already been shattered, it was impossible to regain his senses during the test.

die here

There was no end to the number of traps approaching him, and the shapes were getting more and more bizarre.

“Stay still!”

Sirone rolled her head in search of a breakthrough, but teleportation was helpless in front of a huge barrier with no room to escape.

'No, no. If it was an inescapable trap, I wouldn't have made it in the first place.'

At that moment, a thought flashed through my mind.

'That's it!'

“Aaaaaa! We will all die!”

As Mark screamed, Sirone cast teleportation, and Iruki jumped up and shouted.

"That's right!"

Choosing backwards by teleportation, Sirone opened the distance faster than the net approached.

I was so obsessed with the idea of ​​crossing the bridge that I had forgotten that the back was empty.

'It's as simple as stepping back, getting enough distance, and jumping the whole net.''

Seizing the timing, Sirone ascended in an oblique line, and the outer frame of the net just barely brushed past her toes.

'Once passed. but… … .'

The difficulty level of level 10 was not easy.

As Sirone raised the altitude, the position of the iron bar rose accordingly, and the next trap was rushing in.

Seriel shouted in frustration.

“Why are you doing such a reckless thing? If Mark is eliminated, he can be promoted unconditionally.”

said Amy.

“I will not make that choice. That's the kind of personality you have from the beginning.”

“I know you are good. But you don't have to. I can’t prove it, but Mark did the nasty thing of hiring kids to get in the way.”

“Sirone doesn’t want to be number one.”

It's not about competing to get the numbers others give you.

“I want to pass the promotion test and become a higher level. If you can't convince yourself, you know that there's no point in trying to get a promotion.”

Amy was able to fully understand Sirone's feelings, but that made her feel even more regretful.

'But this time I was unlucky. It's too dangerous. It's right to stop this test here.'

At level 10 of the uncrossable bridge, no one can cross it at the level of Class Four.

Sirone is still holding on, but according to Amy's experience, the difficulty of the traps she passed so far was only about 6 levels.

“Aaaaaaaa! Aaaaaa!”

Mark's eyes, which had been screaming deafeningly, turned white, and eventually passed out with crab foam.

On the other hand, Sirone's spirit became sharper.

At some point, when they passed through the trap, forgetting about their existence, the teachers who stamped their feet and the students who used to make a fuss now kept silent.

Even Alpheas was in amazement over and over again, and his eyes were taken by Sirone's flamboyant movements.

'Crisis raises potential. But everyone has a limit to their patience. But how?'

Can you still survive?

The currently impassable bridge was racing at a speed of 200 kilometers per hour.

If you are a normal student, it is safe to lose consciousness due to being overwhelmed by speed alone.

Still, Sirone was penetrating between the structures of black iron bars, flashing like lightning.

'From the beginning, there was no limit?'

The reason why we cannot rise endlessly even if we ride the upward trend is because there comes a moment when everyone is satisfied with themselves.

It was the same with magic.

Is the reason why not all wizards become the best, is it just a matter of skill or talent?

The limit of a vessel that is satisfied with itself when it reaches a certain level was an irresistible barrier that could not help but act on human psychology.

'Sirone, are you dreaming of infinity with a human body?'

It seems that the bowl does not exist in the first place.

Since there is no standard for satisfaction, the mind is coping with the endless difficulty.

Sirone, who must be in a trance, probably won't remember this moment.

However, Etella, the youngest bishop of the Carsis Monastery, seemed to never forget Sirone's dance she watched today.

'We are endlessly searching for an exit close to infinity in real time.'

What kind of mind would that be possible?

'It's a mental strength that can be maintained even in the state of a great monk.'

The structure was now going through complex stages and twisting to the point where it felt grotesque.

It was a trap of chaos in which the rules themselves were not felt.

'I have to break it into smaller pieces.'

As the wave shortened to the point where it was inevitable to move within 1 meter, Sirone's jumping distance also decreased.

Unless you can avoid one and calculate the next, you have to analyze and dive into everything from the beginning.

left and right left and right... … .

Sirone imprinted the traps flying in the form of a ring into her eyes and came up with a pattern.

When teleportation was cast, the flash moved in a zigzag pattern and penetrated between structures, but this time the same type of trap was pushed vertically.

I didn't even have time to calculate the pattern.

'It has to be more compact!'

Time splintered further, and the flash of teleportation curved downward in a parabolic arc.

With the students as well as the teachers opening their mouths, Iruki raised his eyes and shouted.

“Rainbow Drop! You're getting there after all!”

A wave-like flash of light penetrated the center of the circle like a loach.

The Rainbow Drop is an advanced technology of teleportation, and it was a magic that was only possible at the level of a major in the senior year.

That's why the students in the advanced class couldn't understand the current situation when the flashlight was bent and escaped the trap.

“Is it really possible? How can teleportation bend? Doesn’t light only travel in straight lines?”

Iruki patted his head and said.

“It's a simple principle. Differentiating a circle yields an infinite straight line. It cuts the distance of teleportation to about 1/1000.”

“One in a thousand? Can a human do that?”

“Even if it is impossible to calculate, you can sensibly imagine. He's more omnipotent than omnipotent. In a word, you can say that he is a genius with the opposite tendency to me.”

The students turned their heads as if ignoring Iruki's words.

'I like genius. On the subject of Class Five.'

Meanwhile, the speed of the bridge that could not be crossed was reaching its maximum.

The afterimage of the steel bar had grown so long that it was impossible to distinguish even the shape of the structure unless the eyes were accustomed to it.

The figure of Sirone escaping from that afterimage surpassed technology and reached the level of art.

Everyone was mesmerized by the sight of the linear trajectory being operated by finely splitting the light in a straight line.

“I really hope… … will it work?”

The remaining distance to the arrival point of the impassable bridge was at most 30 meters.

Now, the students put their other thoughts aside and were cheering only for Sirone to pass.

For the first time in the history of magic school, it was a situation where advanced students could master the bridge that they could not cross.

"principal! excuse me!"

Someone pointed a finger at the arrival point of the bridge, and the faces of all the teachers who watched it turned pale.

At last, what was to come had to come.

From the point of arrival, the iron rods began to twist like hair on fire, creating a huge three-dimensional structure.

“It's a dragon's labyrinth! that can't be! Disarm the device quickly!”

The dragon's labyrinth is a trap that appears only once in level 10, and was named because the finished shape resembles a dragon's face.

The exterior is similar, but the internal structure is different each time it is made, and the length of the iron rod used to rescue the trap reached a whopping 600 meters.

It was a terrifying trap that would lead to being swallowed up by a dragon unless the process of twisting the iron rods was figured out in advance and an escape pattern was discovered.

Even in the eyes of Sirone, who was concentrating to the limit, it was unusual to see the bar twisting.

As I forgot to blink and kept the structure's pattern in my head, I felt a jolt in my side.

“Aaaaaa! what! Save people!”

When Mark regained consciousness and discovered the trap that had grown in size beyond time, he let out a tear-jerking scream.

In his eyes, rather than passing through the traps step by step, it was a feast of traps that ran so fast that he didn't even bother to analyze them.

'come!'

Even in such a situation, the dragon's labyrinth was rushing with its mouth open at the highest speed ever.

---------------------------------------