[200] 1. Divine Mercy (5)

Sirone gritted his teeth. Other than that, there was nothing I could do.

It seems that he can cast magic, but if he casts teleportation in his current state, his body will be shattered.

'damn! I have to move somehow.'

If time passes like this, Kanya's mother will die. 

No, everyone dies. The last thing left was a hideous giant whose name was unknown.

“Give up, foolish humans. No one can interfere with the Law of Ra.”

Girin all looked at the sight of the human kneeling with satisfaction.

this is authority Obedience is voluntary, not forced.

"Damn, what's so heavy?"

Girin's face stiffened at the sound he heard from behind the statue.

Then chin, chin and footsteps were heard. Everyone looked back at the place as if a ghost had come out.

Tess shouted, showing her color.

“Lian!”

Lian frowned and moved on. 

It seemed to weigh a ton. 

Even so, the reason why they didn't get crushed was because the load was being distributed throughout the body.

“What have you done to me? Your body is incredibly heavy.”

“How can I move… … ?”

It is not a magic that can be endured simply because it is strong. Since the load is proportional to the amount of muscle, the stronger the muscle, the heavier the body.

If it moved, there was only one possible case. You have to exert more strength than you can generate.

Of course, that too could not be seen as a normal human being.

‘You say you have more power than your body? No, it can't be. It's the highest skill among the giant's techniques.'

While Girin was lost in thought, a muddy sound was heard from where Sirone and the others were.

“Hehe, that's a very funny magic. This is why combat is fun.”

Harvest abruptly rose from Canis' shadow.

Sirone saw the case of Lian and Harvest and realized. 

A relative load, not an absolute value, is being applied. It was important information because if the activation principle was different, the countermeasure would also be different.

“Where would you like to catch it?”

Harvest rushed at Lee Gi-rin. However, the fairy manager's ability to fly was not to be underestimated.

Sirone, who had been lost for a while in the chase as if watching every fight, shouted at Lian.

“Rian! I do not have time! We have to break the statue!”

As Lian raised his greatsword in front of the statue, Girin's face in flight was shocked.

Assume that the shadow chasing him is not human, but the swordsman is a human made of flesh and blood.

In order to wield a greatsword in a state of hypocrisy, the physical dominance must be close to 100%.

When Lian screamed and hit the statue, there was a bang. 

The subjects were shocked, but the statue did not even have gold.

Ryan gritted his teeth. 

I want to break it at random, but in the current situation, all I can do is add another blow.

"damn! If it wasn't for some strange magic!”

The marble's liquid was half full. Subjects closed their eyes as if they had already given up.

From their point of view, they would rather hate Lian. Everything would be comfortable by now if it hadn't been interrupted.

Arin said through the mental channel.

- We need to find a way. Restraining the motions of hundreds of people with only the command of the tongue doesn't fit the equivalent exchange. There will be conditions we don't know about.

Sirone thought the same.

No matter how extraordinary the ability to eat out, it was something that happened within the zero-sum of equivalent exchange.

Judging from the strength of the ability, there had to be a way to release it from being restrained.

Sirone reviewed Marsha's advice.

Eating out is deeply related to the caster's inclination.

Girin is an authority fairy. Therefore, it was highly likely that it was omniscience related in some way to the concept of authority.

“Yaaaaap!”

Lian didn't give up and continued to hit the statue.

Every time a roar resounded, the faces of the subjects went pale one by one.

Then, at some point, Amy's crimson eyes burned red. The memory of her self-image immediately detected changes in her body.

-Sirone, it is not a fixed binding force. A little while ago, the load was 5 kg weaker. This time 7 kg, 9 kg... … . Every time Rian swings the sword, the weight is draining away.

Sirone's eyes flashed and shone. Through Amy's words, I realized the description of Lee Gi-rin's eating out.

“Rian! Keep hitting! Ilhwa's sake is not the same as the magic of regeneration! It's just murder!”

- Sirone! I just lost 60 kg! I hope this... … !

- Yes! It's not accurate, but I think Gi-rin quantifies his authority and uses his physical strength. The more doubters there are, the weaker the load will be.

As if to prove Sirone's thoughts, Girin's expression distorted.

The suspicious count suddenly soared to the sound of Ilhwa's liquor shouting that it was murder.

It wasn't a scream from evil. In the end, it means that the heretics have figured out the conditions for the magic to be activated.

rule-breakers.

Lee Gi-rin can hold a scale that measures trust and doubt to the target within the area. 

The moment he uttered the commandments, all living beings around him were divided into those who believed and those who doubted.

Currently, the number of subjects gathered in the central square is 318, and the ratio of believers to doubters is 293 to 25.

If everyone believes in Lee Gi-rin, the load applied per unit area is 100% of the muscle strength, so theoretically movement is impossible.

Conversely, when the percentage of trust falls below half, the 'price of true name' is activated, and Ki-rin must pay the price of 100% load for 24 hours.

Sirone realized why Lian's actions affected magic. The fear of damaging the symbol of heaven was planting the seeds of doubt in the hearts of the subjects.

In fact, every time Lian hit the statue of a giant, the load was weakening slightly.

“Calm down everyone! Ilhwa's sake is a lie! It's a trick that kills you!"

He continued to press the subjects, but the load did not weaken any more.

Trials strengthen faith.

It was clear that while some were terrified, others were burning with more determination.

"shut up! You guys are cheating on us!”

“Kill! Kill heretics!”

The anger of the marrow subjects reached its peak at the act of damaging the statue.

As the number of people who suddenly turned into fanatics increased, the doubters also began to change their thoughts little by little.

Even though Sirone knew this, he did not give up. He was the only resistance he could make in an immobilized situation.

“Anecdotal liquor is the liquor of regeneration? It's your turn next! Why don't you know that?”

“We will obey the law. It is to end the lifespan granted by Ra and return to the original body!”

Sirone gritted his teeth. Eating out of the rules and what not, the stuffiness of the people's clogged thoughts reached the peak.

“You can buy more! The subjects of Anecdote don't have to die today!"

Like a lie, the clamor of the subjects disappeared. Everyone was looking at Sirone with shocked expressions.

As a sign of the sudden silence, Harvest gave up the pursuit of Girin.

Anyway, there is no game like this. 

It was decided that it was better to shake the subjects through psychological warfare with her than to be distracted.

Irene frowned. The ratio speaks volumes about how effective this statement was.

267 to 51.

Seventeen percent of all subjects began to have doubts. The weakening of the load was such a shame that I could feel it through my skin. A sudden change in senses would also work against the preservation of authority.

“You can live? we… … Can I buy more?”

"okay. If the subjects really die at the end of their lifespan, at least we can call it a funeral. but not dying The sake of anecdotes cannot be your grave!”

- Sirone, what are you talking about?

Amy couldn't believe it. Since the life span is absolute, wouldn't the subjects follow? If it is an improvisation to escape the situation, it becomes difficult to cover the back.

It wasn't something Sirone said with conviction. However, the conclusion I came to after thinking all night was that there was no possibility at all.

“I met Ethan in Purgatory. Some of them were not born in Heaven. So they don't know their lifespan. However, I do not have my life span controlled by anyone.”

“That is, of course, heresy… … .”

"Wake! still don't know I can't because I don't know the name. It's not that I can't, it's that I can't! If God is all-powerful, why does he need a name!”

Kirin's face changed seriously.

229 to 89.

Authority disappears when the percentage of doubters exceeds half. There were only 70 counts left to get there.

exclaimed the executioner.

“Shut up! That too is just the principle of the law! It doesn't change the fact that we gain eternal life or regenerate according to Ra's will! Do not mock the subjects with heretical logic!”

“It is not the law! It's magic! Whatever Ra's abilities are related to magic, they can buy more!”

The word magic worked. If the holy phenomena that occur according to the law are mere magic, then the divine personage has no choice but to fall to the standard of human beings.

“How can I live longer? Do you have any evidence?”

Someone among the crowd of subjects shouted.

Kirin looked back at him fiercely. This is because the count of the suspicious person went up by 1 just now.

“I have studied the properties of time. In conclusion, time is relative. It is different for everyone here.”

Among the subjects, there were those who studied time. Norse mages and Mecca opticians.

Their number is probably around six. 222 v 96. Those who understood Sirone's words began to doubt.

“Even if it were, what would it be?”

“If the ability to grant lifespan is related to time, it means that the lifespans of anecdotal drink subjects are not accurate. Even if the lifespan is fixed at 40 years, it is impossible to die exactly at 40 years. Because the acceptance time is flexible.”

“But it is only a hypothesis. If it is a non-magical law, we do not even have a chance to regenerate.”

“It is not a hypothesis. I can prove it. Even if the same 10 years were cut, the time of birth would be different. But why doesn’t Ilhwa’s liquor tune in to that?”

206 vs. 112.

There are 47 left.

Lee Ki-rin examined the glass marble. It was full of black liquid. The disintegration of the body begins from the moment of death, so if someone drowned, the magic was no different from success.

“Anecdotal liquor is murder if it can live for a few more hours, no, at least one second. It's just an act of drowning the target and mutilating the corpse!”

The executioner widened his eyes.

“Shut up! Even if you are right, what will change! The value of life is not determined by time! Do you mean to deny Ra in order to live one more second!”

“That 1 second is the 1 second of deciding whether or not to put an end to your life! Why don't you think of that!”

Lee Ki-rin saw that he could make up for it here.

243 to 75.

As expected, the number of people who turned to faith increased.

Sirone made a foolish decision. The initiative in life is actually not important to humans. 

All they want is gain.

There is nothing to be gained from a slight increase in lifespan. The subjects will gladly jump into the sake of anecdotes, promising the future.

As if to prove the value of the scale, all of the subjects cursed Sirone.

"shit! You were almost fooled! After all, life is fixed! Nothing changed!”

“Are you talking nonsense again about the Nephilim? 1 second? What can you do with just one second? What can you do?”

---------------------------------------