[662] Insufficient five senses (1)

The members of the Grass Leaf Circus, who finished their regular tour around the Märchen Kingdom, left for the winter, leaving only Chagall and Tia, who had no family, to live with Raiden.

“Chagall, come this way for a moment.”

Chagall, who was honing his circus skills, went to Raiden wiping the sweat from his forehead.

“What are you doing? Anything you want me to do?”

"no. I want to teach you something.”

Chagall tilted his head.

“Did you think you learned all the skills?”

Although he was still 16 years old, he was Chagall, who boasted the most outstanding skills among the members of the Leaf Circus.

“Starting today, I will practice juggling.”

"haha! Captain, don't you have dementia? You know how old I was when I started playing clubs, right?”

“Bring it.”

In a serious voice, Chagall brought a box containing clubs, and Raiden held three clubs in one hand and threw them.

“Oops.”

Chagall did not even go through the preparation stage, turning three clubs and showing off dazzling juggling.

It was as easy as breathing because the technique was skillful, and it was something I did while riding a unicycle during the performance.

Chagall, who took turns snatching the club, spoke to Raiden with a triumphant smile.

“Have you seen the skills of this genius?”

"okay. You are a genius."

Chagall was ashamed.

“Why are you suddenly like that? With just basic juggling.”

Of course, Raiden was evaluated as a genius not because he only turned 3 clubs.

'Any technique is absorbed in the shortest distance.'

It was too much of a waste to rot Chagall's insight that penetrates the core of technology.

“Take a look again. Right this time.”

When the atmosphere was not serious, Chagall also sighed and threw all 10 clubs in the box into the sky.

Raiden, who was watching the flashy techniques such as throwing an X, throwing while spinning, and changing the order, said.

“Pass it.”

The two-person juggling began, and Chagall and Raiden exchanged clubs while each juggling continued.

'huh?'

Chagall, who realized that the club would not return from a certain moment, looked at Raiden and opened his eyes wide.

'Fix it?'

Raiden held the club in front of his eyes by alternately grabbing it with both hands.

Two, four, and six clubs were nailed in the air and fixed, and finally all clubs fell into Raiden's hands.

Boo woo woo!

The air shuddered like a bee's wings and Raiden's hands loosened in afterimages as he roamed among the ten clubs.

“Great!”

A moan leaked out from between their clenched teeth, and Chagall and Tia stared blankly at what could be called the culmination of juggling.

When the gale stopped suddenly and Raiden's hands stopped, 10 clubs fell as if a string had snapped.

"Whoa, it's been a long time since I've done it, so it's hard."

“Captain, what the heck is this… … .”

“Raiden of the rapid-fire sword. That's the name I was called before I became the head of the Grassleaf Circus.”

Raiden told the story of an assassin who made a name for himself in the world.

The time to talk about it has already passed, but even that was a shock to Chagall.

“Captain… … .”

“I don't care what you say. I've already folded my sword, and I'm going to dedicate the rest of my life here. It would be nice to bury the bones here. But after seeing you, I changed my mind. It's a pity that your talent ended like this.”

"Talent… … What?”

“As we just saw, even juggling can be turned into a killing art. How you use it is up to you, but I believe you will make the right choice.”

Chagall looked back at Tia.

Now that she knew Chagall's heart, she didn't express it, but she knew that they would eventually live together.

“How can I do it like Captain?”

Raiden raised his index finger as if he were the only one.

“Schema.”

* * *

"huh?"

Sensing the presence of her, Sirone opened her eyes and found Arya bending over and jumped up.

“What, what!”

I hurriedly looked for Lian, but he was already awake, putting his feet on the bed and focusing on push-ups.

“Whoa, you look so cute sleeping?”

As Arya pressed her face, Sirone pulled out a blanket and covered her naked upper body.

“Please keep your manners. What if I enter the men's room without permission?"

“Why? Would you like to catch and eat it?”

Judging by the questioning look on her face, she couldn't tell what would have happened if it wasn't for Lian.

“Sirone, wash up quickly. Let's eat, Bob."

When Rian pointed at the entrance with her thumb, Aria, who was staring at his bulging muscles, grabbed Sirone's blanket.

“Eight!”

"Ahh! What are you doing?”

Sirone hurriedly covered her body, but thought this was strange and lowered her arms.

"and! you are really skinny I need to do some exercise.”

It was something that Lian was also worried about.

“Yes, Sirone. Let's work out with me in the future. Even if you're a magician, your physical abilities shouldn't deteriorate.”

Sirone looked at herself in front of the mirror.

'Am I that thin?'

I've never paid attention to her before, but when Lian gathered her pectoral muscles and gave strength, it was a physique that definitely contrasted.

Even if he didn't have time to train while attending magic school, in reality most of the wizards were skinny.

If you concentrate, you can fly, so why should you run?

“Men are power. Come on, hit me, hit me.”

When Lian pounded his chest and pretended to hit it, Sirone pouted her lips and glared at him.

Seeing that the thought of blowing up the photon cannon came first, it was wrong to build up muscles in the first place.

"it's okay. You'll get better when you travel. I wasn't this thin when I lived in the mountains.”

Aria covered her mouth and laughed as she gathered the toiletries with a pouting expression.

“Anyway, wash up quickly and come down. Today is a private evaluation, so it will take longer than yesterday.”

Of the 273 people, only 54 passed the first round of evaluation, and today we had to sift through more than half again.

When I arrived at the hall after washing my face, all the passers-by were already scattered all over the place, waiting.

'The president of the association... … .'

I saw Rufist and Jane, still wearing their masks, sitting opposite each other at a table in the corner.

Etella was drinking tea by the window, and Quan was eating breakfast across the street.

Passing the first evaluation means that you have some level of expertise in your field.

A woman sharpening arrowheads, a martial artist exercising with dumbbells, and a person preparing traps to be used in the evaluation of their main skill, etc. While preparing for the 2nd evaluation, there was a person who caught his eye.

“Good morning, Mr. Sirone.”

A young man sitting on the floor with a comfortable attitude like a free spirit raised his hand to Sirone on the stairs.

'The waiting number was 147.'

Windstorm Wigg.

He was 23 years old, his specialty was twin swords, and he was one of the newcomers who are currently attracting attention along with Lian, who is known as a knight of Macha.

"yes. Good morning. Did you prepare well?”

"haha! I couldn't even sleep because I was so nervous. It is an honor to work with an ivory tower candidate.”

Despite what he said, there was no sense of tension in Wig's gestures.

Also, I felt a strange sense of rivalry in that he dared to point out Sirone even though it was Rihanna who evaluated him among the judges.

“Knight of Maha. Is that your sword?”

Wig asked, turning his head to Lian, who was hurriedly devouring the meat.

"yes. Even so, he is my best friend.”

“Hmm, it doesn’t look that strong. Do you know what the schema nesting is?”

Schema is often described as a diagram of the human body, but it is not the same as a blueprint drawn in the head.

To be precise, to feel control over the body.

For example, if you operate three chapters of schema, it means that you can control the body changes in three areas while performing a specific action.

Even though the body can memorize the motility of somersault through training, gymnasts can feel the position of the fingertips and the balance of muscles at the same time.

In the end, there is only one body, but there are relatively many schematics of excellent people, and based on that standard, I could see how low Lian's mobility was.

"uh… … that's it... … .”

When Sirone mumbled, unable to speak, Wig scratched his head as if he had suddenly realized.

“Oh, sorry. How can candidates evaluate the judges? Was I too presumptuous?”

"no. I think you might be wondering. If Mr. Wig passes, he will become a strong ally.”

“Thank you for saying that. Then I'll see you later at the second evaluation."

Wig grabbed the twin swords he had set down on the floor, walked to the corner of the hall, and sat down on the floor again.

She was embarrassed and glossed over, but when the conversation was over, she felt guilty for nothing.

'Why couldn't I be honest?'

Rian was strong enough to be outmatched by any swordsman, and Sirone was also proud of his achievements.

It must be because he didn't want his friend to be evaluated by the public's standard that if he couldn't open his schema, he had no talent.

'I'm sorry, Lian.'

Lian, who was munching on the meat, made eye contact with Sirone, pointed to the food, and gave a thumbs up.

"ha ha ha!"

Lian is the best, Shirone thought.

* * *

After breakfast, Sirone, Lian, and Aria took their seats in the guild's empty lot and waited for the second evaluation.

Since it was a place to showcase the main skill directly related to survival, no one except the test taker was allowed to enter.

"let's begin. Come on in."

At Aria's words, the door opened, and Nos. 28 and 29, who passed the first round of evaluation, entered in turn.

Unlike before, there was no polite greeting, and the two took off their masks as Sirone watched with tears in her eyes.

“What are you thinking?”

Sirone shot at him, and Luffist smiled and moved toward the table.

"I'm sorry if I surprised you."

“I’m not surprised, you should have told me in advance if this was going to happen. You told me to form a mercenary.”

“Nothing will change. you are the boss The place we will enter is the Iron Tower, which is dominated by the upper reaches of Radum. Not even seeds can be eaten with moderate power.”

Since Ami Aria had heard about the Iron Tower, Sirone couldn't push Lufist any further.

“By the way, what happened to number 213?”

Acet Mayray, the regular foodie.

During the first evaluation, I didn't have time to ask in detail, but he said that he could definitely hear La Enemy's voice.

“According to intelligence, a massive heresy judgment was carried out in the kingdom of Gallon four years ago. It was done by receiving an oracle from their bishop, the Church of Terraforce. It has only one purpose: to find and eliminate those who eavesdrop on the voice of God.”

“You mean number 213?”

said Jane.

“Mayray's diet, God's frequency, is speculated to be the ability to pick up electrical signals floating around in the world. I heard La Enemy's voice at a certain frequency range. I don’t think it has anything to do with the heresy judgment.”

It was unknown how the evil god Terraforce, who was said to have destroyed countless universes, and Ra Enemy were related.

Rufist said.

“Her powers will serve as a compass in clearing the history of Ra Enemy that permeates Radum. Anyway, it's good information for you to know. I pass the second evaluation as well.”

Rufist, who had turned around with Jane, was walking toward the back door when Sirone called.

"wait a minute. Where are you going?"

Rufist, not understanding what he meant, looked back and Sirone pointed forward as if to come back.

“You have to show your main specialty. It is definitely a test.”

"I'm busy now. I'm not in the mood to joke.”

“I am not kidding. Even the president of the association can't take shortcuts. Come quickly and get evaluated.”

He knew Sirone's stubbornness even before graduation, so Rufist returned to his seat with a sigh.

"then… … .”

Ku-gu-gu-gu-gu-gung!

As the building of the Silverling Guild shook, the test takers waiting in the hall looked around in fright.

“What, what?”

After a while, masked numbers 28 and 29 annoyedly opened the door and walked over to a table in the corner.

---------------------------------------