Smille, Smille (4)

'What am I angry at?' Lian, who was running towards somewhere unconscious, suddenly had a question.

A rapidly approaching building came into view.

His eyes were seen, but his thoughts were filled with things he had not experienced...

'No, is it my experience?' Every time someone's memory passed, so vivid stimuli were transmitted from the cell unit.

Without even thinking about breaking through the object in the way, Lian crashed into it just as he was running.

'Where are you going?'

According to Nike's memories, the Genocide team should have been taken to the mansion of rich man Miguel.

The real horse Faust, the anecdote, the vampire lord and another lord who should have already awakened.

“Xenia.”

The moment I spit out her name, an auditory hallucination exploded as if it had flown from the end of the universe.

“Smille.”

bang! bang bang!

The walls that crumble like cookies disappeared and the mansion of the rich man Miguel was seen in front of his eyes.

At that point the thought took him another 10,000 years to some place in heaven.

'Ogent.'

A very long time ago there lived a prosecutor who was timid, self-centered, and nervous.

It wasn't that he saved the world or that he caused a great event to symbolize a certain era.

'What are you angry about?'

Heavenly beings who endured more than 10,000 years recalled the test like this.

Yasha.

Late at night, Ogent entered the training ground where the clan practiced swordsmanship.

“Whoa. Whoa.”

Every time he exhaled heavily, the candles around him flickered as if they were about to go out.

'Be patient. you'll be patient Just bear with it.'

What is Anger?

It was a feeling that the fire that rose from the heart melted the mind and body and mixed them together like molten iron in a furnace.

"iced coffee?… “!”

I wanted to scream with all my might as my tightly clenched teeth opened.

'Swordsmanship.'

Ogent needed a place to escape.

There had to be the only way out of the hell of the heart that was blocked by flames on all sides.

'Let's be the best.'

No one said that, but it was as if Smille would come to him once he reached the apex of the sword.

'Because I'm delusional like this, I'm going to hear that Smille is insidious.'

It didn't matter though.

'Let's walk ten steps. Then it will be all right.'

Ogent, who had measured ten steps forward, moved slowly.

Of course, he actually moved, but his feet didn't come off even after 10 minutes.

'slowly. Extremely slow.'

A person watching by his side would think he was just standing there, but Ogent was sensing countless movements of his entire body.

'It is dismantled endlessly.'

As the nerves were severed, even the air particles could be felt on the skin.

'It's the universe.'

Only what is contained in the body is mine, and therefore infinitely free.

" brother?"

Smille, who found the training ground, opened the door.

'Smille.'

Her keen senses seized her, but she was swept away by the speed of her nerves and vanished into oblivion.

It was familiar, so Smille sat in the corner of the training hall and watched her brother.

'What kind of training is that?'

Unlike the swordsmen of the clan, Ogent's training was boring, so he often returned tired after watching it.

But today she had something to say, so Smille waited patiently.

In less than 30 minutes, drowsiness poured in, and before she knew it, she nodded her head and fell into a deep sleep.

"huh'?"

When I woke up again, I could hear the sound of birds announcing the dawn outside the training ground.

As the disconnected memories were connected, there was no Ogent in the gaze that regained its place.

"wow."

Her head turned, and Ogent, who had taken ten steps during the night, was standing with his legs together.

"brother."

I thought I was just standing, but Ogent was moving to come to a perfect standstill.

'Stop.'

Acceleration was outside the range of human measurement, as it never stopped during ten steps.

' stop.'

Controlling it with the body was as difficult as feeling the speed of light.

The moment the flame went out as the candle was pressed down from above, Smille swallowed.

perfect stop.

It's just that her brain couldn't analyze it, but her eyes were clearly seeing it.

“Smille.”

Augent turned his head.

"what's the matter?"

Smille, who had a dazed expression, came to her senses and stood up.

“Ah, I have something to tell you.” He knew what he wanted to say and what he wanted to hear.

“It is morning now. Let's do it next time.”

It was pitiful to see himself not being able to let go of Smille or to keep him.

"good. But if you won't tell me now, promise me you won't forever.”

When I turned around, Smille was looking at me with angry eyes unlike usual.

“Do you have anything to say to me? The people of the mountain clan will be coming soon. You may regret it now or for the rest of your life.”

Perhaps.

“I don’t know why you’re treating me coldly these days. It must have been after the marriage with the mountain clan was caught.”

“Smiele, I… …

“Do you hate me getting married?”

My heart was pounding.

“It can’t be. The river clan and the mountain clan have lived in cooperation for generations. This is an important marriage.”

“I am talking about my brother. There are many complaints about this wedding. Shall I guess?”

August's face went pale.

“Brother, maybe…

At that time when I was so nervous that I was losing my mind, Smille put his hand on his waist and said.

“Is it because there is no one to play with when I get married?”

"what?"

The cold sweat dried up.

“Because my brother lacks social skills and has no friends. That's why he's leaving.”

What replaced the missing tension was sadness.

'What were you expecting?'

Did he know that even a formidable blow would break the precarious balance?

“It’s not like that.”

Just as the horse was about to come out following his rough breath, Damian opened the training room door.

“Here you are.”

August felt guilty.

"uh? dad? Are you awake already?”

Damian, who was looking at the siblings with mixed feelings, sighed and turned around.

“The people of the mountain clan will arrive. We have a pre-wedding ceremony, so come home quickly.”

Smille, who was looking at Damian who was moving away, looked back at Ogent and waited for a while.

If he had something to say, he looked in his eyes to say it quickly, but upon hearing Damian's sigh, Orgent just kept his mouth shut.

“I’ll go in.”

Smille went back, and August closed the door of the training hall and closed his eyes.

'slow. slower.'

When I become the best, when there is no place to go up anymore, like a miracle, I think Smille will understand my heart.

'Be strong. Then it will work.'

It was the only way Ogent could fight the world.

The mountain clan came to visit.

Although there is no superiority or inferiority between the clans, it was a traditional ritual to stay in the bride's place for seven days and build harmony. Most of them were familiar with each other because they often exchanged goods from the river and the mountain.

However, Ogent, who always practiced in the mountains, saw Smille's fiancé, Lead, for the first time.

A Honam-type face with a huge body.

Even with strangers, they were a typical mountain clan with a hearty smile.

'Sheesh, what's so cool about a guy like that?'

If it had been terrible, the words would not have come out, but Ogent left everything for political reasons.

'Smille is being sacrificed.'

Sumiele, who has a calm and broad mind like a daeha, is not shaken by any big things.

It was something that Ogent never had, and maybe he was in awe of her.

'This marriage is ridiculous.'

Seeing Smille smiling as she talked to Leard made her stomach twist even more.

“By the way, who is the older brother?”

Laird, who was looking around, noticed Ogent frowning and approached.

“You are the older brother of Smille, whom you have only heard about. Nice to meet you. The mountain clan is called Lead.”

I wanted to hit the outstretched hand, but I couldn't take a single step in front of the clan's eyes.

"Nice to meet you."

"I heard that he is the best warrior, so when you have time, let's compete with each other."

Augent replied coldly.

“I don't think that will happen. I'm going on a long trip soon.”

"travel? Are you sure you are going to Purgatory?”

“Please excuse me first.”

Leard looked back at the Kang clan with a blank expression, but they didn't seem to care.

"what? Because you are my brother.”

Leard defined Ogent as follows.

“Are you completely peckish?”

The pre-wedding ceremony was harmonious, except for the coldness of Smille's black-haired brother.

It was an early evening when everyone was drunk with plenty of food from the mountains and rivers.

"ha ha ha! Isn’t that why I killed three mountain kings at the same time!”

As a position to send her daughter, Damian actively supported Leard's saga.

“That is great. As expected, he is the strongest warrior of the mountain clan.”

“That too… …

Leard, who gulped down the bowl filled with wine, turned his gaze to Ogent, who was sitting in the last seat.

Whether she was listening or not, she was just sitting there staring at the ground, pouting like a pouting woman.

'You're an unlucky person. After all, he's not even his own child... …

If you are a human who will go to purgatory anyway, it would be fun to teach you the true beauty of a man.

“Have you ever caught a mountain king?”

When Augent didn't answer, Smille intervened.

“Your brother is really strong. He's a genius. I also cut dozens of primates a few days ago.”

“Puhahaha! Miss Smille, are you giving your brother a lot of attention? It is impossible to catch dozens of plesiosaurs in the water.”

No human being has ever done that.

“It’s real. brother, right? You know what I showed you while swimming with me back then? The art of flying.”

“Fly through the sky?”

Since no one had reached that level, not only the mountain clans but also the river clans paid attention.

“You mean you have such a skill?”

Even August couldn't help but answer.

“You know what?”

But, as expected, it was cold words, and the atmosphere quickly subsided.

“Oppe｝, what the hell… …

Leard raised his head and burst into laughter.

“Puhahaha! I got to meet my terrifying older brother. Well, it’s still better than squatting.”

"pick?"

Ogent widened his eyes and glared at him, but Lair passed over him like a snarl.

“There is such a thing. By the way, if you have any cool tricks, why don't you teach me too?”

Without listening to the answer, Lead stood up and walked to the empty lot holding his wooden sword.

“Could it be that the brave Gang clan is not running away?”

After driving a wedge over the pride of the clan, Ogent finally realized his mistake.

'Damn it.' Holding on to his wooden sword, he slowly stood up, but Damian put down his glass and said,

“Ogent, do you want to see me for a second?” Damian went into the shadows while everyone was waiting for the showdown of the century.

“This is the person who will be with Smille for the rest of his life.”

"I know. sorry. I will personally apologize and make it happen.”

“Kill me, but don’t.”

"yes?"

When Ogent raised his head, doubting his ears, Damian patted him on the shoulder.

“It’s okay to beat hard. Until your minutes are resolved, until there is nothing left in your heart.”

It was the only consideration she could give her son.

continues in the next volume