The right choice (3)

Taeseong's pupils lost focus.

Her eyelids trembled and she was shocked, but after a while she let out a long breath.

“Haaaaa.”

The shockwave from earlier must have been the cause.

'To the extent that the ground trembles from here.'

Oh Dae-sung's expression became serious as he watched Tae-seong's condition.

'Is it really okay?' Taeseong is a star.

However, at the point of existence in the state of incarnation, it has the status of the living world.

'To manage the change of the planet.' The star does not split immediately, but when this amount of shock accumulates, the system becomes unstable.

'Things like earthquakes, tidal waves, volcanic eruptions. Regardless of the war, countless humans will die.'

Therefore, Taeseong used a method to separate itself from the star system.

It was to stabilize the system by absorbing most of the impact on the planet.

Fried asked.

“Why are you doing this?” “Human beings can die a little. No, if humans disappear, war will also disappear. Life will flourish again on the planet, and everything will return to its place.”

“The reason why nature is beautiful is… … Because they told me that humans are beautiful.”

Fried shut his mouth.

“When this universe first existed, everything just stayed there. Grass eats the sun, bugs eat grass, animals eat bugs... …

Even in the midst of hard times, Taeseong smiled.

“There is no reason. It's a system. very cool system. But one day a human said this. Is this beautiful? Surprisingly, since then, my system has become beautiful.”

Oh Dae-sung listened.

“Humans give meaning to many things. This is comfortable, that is rather unpleasant. If you present a flower with a special name, you are conveying the heart of love... …

maybe it started then

all.

“To me, a system within a system, the authenticity of the outside world is not important. However, the reason we call humans users is that they give meaning to all things. The beings who define this world use it. If all humans disappear... …

If there is no one to define her.

“Nothing is beautiful. There is just a cold system that goes straight by the law.”

Oh Dae-seong was momentarily moved by the motherly love of Gaia, the mother of the world.

“But you are using it wrong.”

Amanta said.

“Current humankind can never unite. If you had such a high-level mind, you wouldn't have come to this point. Taeseong is having difficult expectations.”

“It is not an expectation. Hope. Humans have to reach Ultima again, and without that power, you can't stop Ankera or Buddha.”

Taesung added.

“Human survival is important in that sense. When mankind achieves an integrated mental system, the greater its destructive power, the greater the law will change.”

"It's a presumptuous statement, but... …

Thing said.

“It probably won't get there. First of all, I perceive others as false images, starting with myself. The Guffins have departed and humanity has been divided. Ultima ended with the Age of Gaia.”

"no."

It's a glimmer of hope.

“It is definitely going on. The will of the Gaians goes to Sirone via Guffin.”

Minerva asked.

“Can Sirone lead all humans to Ultima? Tae-seong knows, too, how self-centered humans are and how little they understand others.”

“It only takes a moment.”

Taeseong tightened his eyes and said.

“Currently, humanity will need a lot of time to reach Ultima. But if only for one moment, if it could be perfectly integrated... …

You can strike a blow at the world.

“Sirone, the messiah left behind by Guffin, will do it. Before that happens, as many people as possible must survive. That's why I want to meet Rihanna.”

If the legionnaires' Pandemonium opens at the same time. When those who have reached the state of apostasy open an all-out war.

“The current shock is just the beginning. Sooner or later I won't be able to stand it. Previously… … Whoops!”

Taeseong crouched down with a painful expression on his face.

“Taesung! Are you okay?”

Oh Dae-seong rushed in to check her condition, but Tae-seong was more curious than shocked.

'why?'

Despite bypassing the shock signal, the residual shock wave was sending pain to the planet.

By human standards, the feeling of a bone tingling.

'It's already.'

It was a fact that I knew because I had experienced a shock similar to this a long time ago.

“It’s done. Let’s leave quickly.”

Contrary to what he said, seeing Taeseong, who was pale, looked back at the grass where Fried had thrown away Gaold while clicking his tongue.

'Sheesh! Because of a psychopath... … Gaold, who loses his memory whenever he is bored, goes on a rampage and delays time.

However, if left unattended, it would destroy the planet, so I couldn't just throw it away.

“Hey, wake up. I will depart.”

The distance between Fried's eyes narrowed as he walked to the grass to pick up Gaold.

“Oh, Mr.… …

Minerva asked.

"What are you doing? bring it quickly Now that we're just a little further away... …

" doesn't exist."

"huh?"

Fried looked back at the party and said.

“No, that guy.”

The warmth of Gauld still lingered in the grass where a person lay in the form of a collapsed person.

To get out of the shockwave that spreads without knowing the end, Miro linked up with a mass teleport.

The place they finally arrived at was the mid-slope of the underground mountain range overlooking Basuka's landscape.

“Whoa. madman.”

Ymir's destructive power was such that even Maze hated it.

"huh?"

When a clamor like white noise was heard from far away on the ground, everyone's eyes turned to that place.

"oh my god… …

Like an isolated island, beyond the walls of Basuka, demons were forming a sea.

said Amy.

“Now tell me. What do I not know about this operation? What is the intention behind the flower garden?”

“An order came from the temple.”

Dante's explanation was shocking, but Amy's eyes calmed down.

“… … I see."

More than any other explanation, the fact that it was a decision made by Iruki must have been effective.

'If that guy said no, then it wouldn't be right.'

He was more cool-headed than anyone else, but he wasn't the kind of person who would consider efficiency with the lives of others.

Rufist said.

“Summarizing the situation, the flower garden has been destroyed and the demons are gathering in Basuka. If the elemental bombs fall, the whole area will be turned into a sea of ​​fire. However, the elite of the demons are no longer here. Also, the armies of Heaven are pursuing us.”

Hearing the boiling screams from the Baska, the officers were lost in thought.

'I want to go into the capital and fight. But what does that mean? When the elemental bomb explodes... …

“We are missing here.”

Miro said.

“You don't have to fight yourself. If you do well, even the army of heaven can be dealt with with elemental bombs. Move secretly from now on, get out of the blast radius.”

There was no objection.

However, everyone could not take their eyes off the tragedy that occurred in Baska.

'I'm not running away. It is to fight more.'

Just as he was about to make up his mind and turn around, two halos rotated in the sky.

“No, we cannot leave this place.”

"three."

As the halo halo was lifted, Havitz Am Salzo appeared one by one.

Mayray was nowhere to be seen.

'Did Havits take it?'

Miro's thinking is to look in all directions, not to predict the future.

'but… …

In her family, the present situation could well have happened.

'Quan lost one eye.'

This was also the case, so Miro asked coldly, carrying all his emotions.

“What do you mean, can’t I go?” Sein said.

“I read Havitz’s mind. Paimon, the leader of the 9th Corps, is planning to open the Pandemonium in time for the elemental bomb to explode. And when the Pandemonium opens, terrible things happen.”

“What kind of demon world is it?”

"hospital. But it's not just a disease. It will make the body as well as the human mind sick. I don't have time to explain in detail. We have to go to Baska right now and kill Paimon.”

Dante stepped out.

"Wait. If you're going to open the Pandemonium, you don't have to hit the explosion of the elemental bomb, do you? Why is that important?” Sein said.

“Because Harvits wants to enjoy the heart. What if the judgment that humanity thought was best produced the worst results? Humanity will fall into despair, and the stronger it becomes.”

“Satan will be excited.”

Sein nodded at Miro's words.

"okay. Eliminate Paimon before the elemental bomb explodes. I have no choice but to enter Baska.”

Even if it means getting caught up in an explosion.

"Right."

The probability of death suddenly increased, but everyone's expressions were rather light.

Miro's ears perked up.

"come."

The sound of the giants moving echoed on the other side of the subterranean mountains.

Miro looked back at everyone and said.

“Go into Baska.”

No one objected, and after a while, the flash of mass teleport was bent toward the capital.

The armies of hell brutally trampled on the humans they could see without any discipline.

“Sah, save people! Aaaaaa!”

They couldn't be called an army, but this was their true face.

“Give it up! It's mine!”

"no! I got it first! It's mine!”

The two demons holding onto the upper and lower body of a human woman claimed possession of each other.

“Kyaaak! it hurts! it hurts??????!"

The woman who couldn't stand the power of the demon was eventually torn in two with her spine rattled.

“Gagging! Gagging!” The demons who were watching the shocked woman licked their lips and immediately turned around.

"doesn't care! Because there are so many! Ha ha ha!”

The demons did not discriminate between the strong and the weak, and they did not discriminate between the noble and the lowly.

"found! I'm first!”

However, just as humans choose the breed of livestock, demons also had special tastes.

lass.

"Help me! Help me!" Young kid.

“Aww! mom! mom!"

Of course, there were also rare species who were not interested in being young or beautiful.

“Hahaha! Come on! I'll pluck out your eyes first!”

If you knew where demons were born, there would be no need to question their preferences.

The smell of blood, the smell of intestines, the smell of filth.

As the things inside the human burst out, a stench emanated from Basuka's stream.

Paimon raised his arms and shouted.

“Ho-ho-ho! very good! This is hell! It's as comfortable as coming home!”

Where her gaze was directed, giants taller than the castle walls were pushing their faces.

People made a game.

“Aww! What is that!”

“What are the Capital Defense Forces doing! I mean, get rid of that monster quickly!”

Since most of the troops were sent to the flower fields, there were no troops left to protect the citizens.

At the center of that terrible scene, Paimon looked up at the sky and burned the will of the Demon World.

“I can do it here.”

Since she is also a military man, she knew that the allies had hidden intentions.

“Huh, okay. Do whatever you want.”

I'll teach you what the worst imaginable is.