[157] Second Encounter (6)

“Thank you, Freeman.”

“Hehe, what are you doing with this much? Let's get out of this damn place quickly. Wherever I go, I can feed at least one of you.”

Marsha was taken aback by the unexpected words. Then she realized that it was time, she said in a sad voice.

“Freeman, I’m sorry. I'm leaving alone I will not take you.”

"what? why? Where is a woman alone and what is she going to do? The world outside is dangerous.”

"are you okay. Because I feel like I can do anything now.”

"no! no! I'll follow you too! You can never go alone.”

Marsha thought about it one last time. But no matter how much he thought about it, he couldn't take him with him.

Freeman had a family. 

Although he was a man no different from his adoptive father, he was a real father with whom he had blood.

“Freeman, I do not love you.”

Marsha's direct words made Freeman's face redden.

“Go, what are you talking about all of a sudden?”

“You are such a good friend. But I will never accept you as a man. It's bad luck for you too to follow me. I might marry another man.”

Freeman felt his heart break. cruel. It's really cruel, Marsha. 

How could you say such a thing in a situation like this? Maybe this will be the last one.

Freeman clenched his fists and gritted his teeth.

If Marsha is like that, then it is. She tried to hang around her and in the end she only hurt herself.

"doesn't care. Still, I'll go with you. I don't like living while being called an idiot by my drunken father. This is my will.”

Marsha is angry. The stuffy Freeman's personality was annoyed to the point of madness.

"you idiot! why can't you understand me? Because I don't like you!”

"So what? Don't do it if you don't like it! Because I'll just love it! I don't care if you marry another man or have children! just what i like! You don't have the right to say anything about that!”

Marsha also screamed in anger.

"Oh yeah? Great. Look only at me for the rest of your life, then die of old age as a widower. Shall I tell you the truth? What you follow is a burden to me. How long do I have to take care of a coward who can't kill a young ant? It only makes it harder for me!”

“I am not a coward! I will protect you!”

“Then how are you going to protect me! What do you know how to do?”

“Aaaaaaa!”

Freeman screamed at the ground. Then he picked up a sharp stone that got into his eye and started scratching at his eyebrows.

Marsha was startled and stopped Freeman.

“What are you doing, you idiot!”

“Let go! Let go!”

Freeman was reckless.

I got goosebumps and the sound of my skin peeling away. Marsha was watching the scene in her astonishment.

Freeman rubbed the stone until his eyebrows fell off, then threw it on the floor. When he got up again, his face was covered in blood like Sura.

"how is it? Does that make me look scared too? It's all because of my eyebrows that I was a coward. no one can touch me now So it won't be a burden to you.”

"you… … Are you crazy?”

Marsha was stunned and speechless. But Freeman was sincere.

His impression with his eyebrows shaved off was certainly scary, but in fact he had the saddest expression in the world.

“I will be strong. I will become strong no matter what. So can't you just let me stay by your side? I will never ask you to like me, so can you let me go with you?”

"you… … . Ugh, you idiot.”

Marsha sighed heavily. She thought it shouldn't be like this, but she felt like she was pushed out of it with a sigh.

“Marsha.”

Freeman's eyes flashed open. The face, distorted by the burns, was completely regenerated before anyone knew it.

how much time has passed maybe it's already too late But I had to go. because i promised Until Marsha died, even her life was not her own.

"I am coming. wait."

The energy that was poured out to return to life from the crossroads of life and death was ignorant. The body was heavy and the legs had no strength.

But Freeman walked without a break.

To where Marsha is.

clay marsha(1)

Amy gritted her teeth and ran down the mountain path. Her sanity was restored to the point where she could think, but she was still unable to cast her magic.

I couldn't slow down. The battle isn't over yet. Freeman was dealt with, but there was still one more powerful enemy, Falcoa.

“Whoa! little bit more!"

As soon as her destination was in sight, Amy accelerated even more. She and she finally came up the hill when she encountered an unexpected sight and her eyes widened.

Lian, who was in a state of disrepair, was holding Falcoa from behind.

But Amy was surprised for another reason. 

It was because Tess was running at full speed and stabbing Falcoa with her sword.

Tess' eyes were as fierce as ever. At this rate, even Lian would be pierced by the sword. However, the two did not hesitate at all, as if they had already concluded an unspoken agreement.

Finally, Tess' saber pierced Falcoa. Rihanna's pupils widened and his shoulders twitched.

After a while, blood poured out of Ryan's mouth.

* * *

20 minutes before Amy arrives.

Falcoa's attack was the height of splendor. However, it was violence like a beast that was revealed not in technique but in violence.

Ryan couldn't think of technology. He had already used up his stamina to the limit just by enduring the shock.

Falcoa found an opening and cut Lian's thigh.

'Lian!' I heard Tess's voice shouting. Although Lian held up better than expected, half of her strength was lost after being injured in the lower body.

Tess, enraged by her friend's injury, attempted to attack. However, Falcoa deserves to be called a demon of the battlefield.

As long as he didn't die, it didn't matter where he got hurt, he was concentrating most of his movements on attacks.

Then, rather, Tess' attack frequency decreased. It was a moment that proved once again the adage that offense is the best defense.

As the battle progressed, the scars on Lian and Tess' bodies were increasing. They were avoiding fatal injuries, but after 10 minutes, the bodies of the two were almost as good as rags, as if their clothes were getting wet from drizzle.

“Hahaha! Is this over? It was fun for the first time in a while.”

Ignoring Falcoa's words, Tess turned to Lian, who was breathing heavily.

“Rian, are you okay?”

“Oh, you can hold on. you?"

Tess was so full of tears that she couldn't speak. What is it worth enduring? The traces of Falcoa's sword were clearly engraved all over his body.

It was the first time in my life that I was so upset. What the hell is that scumbag like that that hurts Lian?

Tess gripped the saber's handle tightly. Even at the cost of his own life, he intended to end Falcoa's life.

“Yaaaaa!”

Tess charged forward, pulling the saber towards herself. It was the charging posture unique to the Elsaine family.

However, the gap in power could not be filled even with the sword. 

Tess was advancing at great speed, but Falcoa was retreating at a speed that surpassed it.

As I widened the distance, I could see what I intended at a glance. Falcoa, who opened his mouth viciously, suddenly kicked off the ground and advanced. And with gentle skill, Tess' saber was spilled.

“Huh!”

Falcoa turned to Tess' side and slammed her ribs with his knee. Tess' breathing was momentarily cut off as her lungs were compressed.

“Hey, it was quite good. But I still feel fresh.”

Falcoa's longsword fell on Tess.

Tess felt like time was slowing down. The trail of the sword coming down to cut his own throat was clearly visible.

But I couldn't move. As time slowed down, her body slowed down too.

'Sorry… … rian. I wanted to pay at least one room.'

At that moment, Lian charged like a bull and tackled Falcoa.

“Aaaaaaa!”

Falcoa's legs floated up. However, Lian's tackle was a failure. Even in the floating state, Falcoa, who took a standing posture with fearsome balance, landed on the floor as it was, pulling Lian's back neck and raising his knees.

“Gagging!”

The impact pierced the pit, passed through the stomach, and out of the back.

Is this the fighting ability of a demon who is said to have lived madly at war? There seemed to be no way to shake Falcoa.

“To mess around. don't worry too much I will take good care of your woman.”

Lian's consciousness, which had been drifting away, returned. Although they usually quarrel, Tess is a good friend. He was respected and recognized as a prosecutor.

“For a child like you… … .”

Lian grabbed Falcoa's collar and pulled it with all his might as if burning his entire body.

“I can’t hand over my friend, you bastard!”

“Keugh!”

As if being swept away by a wave, Falcoa was puzzled even as he was being dragged by Lian. He knew he was strong, but not enough to match his schema. & nbsp;

But where did this power suddenly come from?

Rian turned around behind Falcoa and engaged in wrestling techniques. When I caught his arm between his armpits, his arms fluttered and Falcoa was unable to wield his sword.

“This bastard!”

Falcoa stretched her lats and lowered her arms. Ryan's nose twisted. Her body screamed as if a rope had been tied around her shoulders and the horses were pulling.

“Great!”

But Falcoa couldn't escape.

It was obviously strange. The opponent he experienced during the battle was not stronger than himself. But how can you generate such power?

"shit! this child! Don't let this go!"

“Hehe! look out This is an imaginary schema, child.”

Wizards train the mind, swordsmen train the body. However, even for a prosecutor whose primary goal was to strengthen physical abilities, there was one institution closely related to the mind.

It was the brain.

Maybe thoughts affect the body too?

Although very few, some schema users dedicate their lives to restoring the brain's schema. 

Unbeknownst to Lian, the name Imagination Schema was also given to them.

Does the thought of not releasing Falcoa affect the body? If so, would the action be different depending on the strength of the thought?

If all of this is possible, if thinking has no limits, then how much can the effect be amplified if thinking is extremely strengthened?

Ryan decided not to move. He gave specific instructions to the body and fixed it in that state.

A kind of mental lock.

It is an established theory that an imaginary schema is not a schema, but there is no other way to explain Lian's ignorant physical strength.

“Aaaaaa! Let go! Let go, you son of a bitch!”

Falcoa swayed madly. She did not feel possessed by the creature. Lian's body did not budge as if it had been petrified.

“Tess! Stab!”

“Ha, but… … .”

Tess realized what Lian was talking about. It was a reasonable decision. Because if it wasn't now, there wouldn't be a chance to defeat Falcoa.

But Tess couldn't make up her mind. Killing Ryan. If he died with him, he died, but he couldn't stab him with his own hand.

“Rian… … .”

“Aaaaaa! hurry! I can't last long!”

Danger signals came from all over Ryan's body. The body was carrying out 100% of the instructions given by the mind, but the limits were obvious. Perhaps, if Falcoa escaped, Lian's body would have been in a state of being shattered.

“Tess! do it faster!"

“Yaaaaa!”

Tess stormed off in tears. Rihanna is risking her life to complete her mission. If I missed her timing with stupid sensibilities, I would have made Lian a fool in the world.

It was at that point that Amy arrived.

“Tess! no!"

---------------------------------------