[397] The rapidly changing situation (1)

The shouts of the medical personnel were entangled, but the students did not hear them. Eider's miserable appearance on the stretcher was substituted for a hundred words.

According to the first person who challenged Sirone, it was the height of misery. Fear was already sprouting in the hearts of some students who weighed Sirone against Fermi.

Since Eider left the front line, capturing the hill was a disqualification for the screamer team, but Sirone's expression was not good.

No matter how sweet the effectiveness of evil, man has a heart that loves good and wants to do it.

I want to believe that.

However, Eider activated the AT algorithm at the last moment.

It wasn't that lightning fell from the sky, or that a giant hand came down and snatched him away.

Are humans really infinitely free? Or is this, too, just part of a larger system outside of cognition?

“It is a victory for the Sirone team. Earn 20 points. This concludes the evaluation of the occupation of the hill.”

Shirone walked over to her friends and apologized, putting Maya on the shoulder who was still trembling in fear.

"Sorry. For putting us in such a tough fight.”

"I'm fine. I'm more worried about you than that."

Sirone is a determined and cool-headed person enough to completely disengage Eider from his senior year.

However, it was only the manifestation of insight to go straight to the goal in the shortest distance, not the strength that comes from emotion.

'It must be difficult, Sirone... … .'

The truth is, I don't want to fight anyone. All troubles start from there.

What is an extremely easy choice for someone becomes the most complicated problem in the world for Sirone.

Eider received emergency treatment outside the battlefield.

When the medical officer who checked to see if the heart was beating shouted, the person next to him rushed somewhere.

The Electric Monster Licorn, who had confirmed that far, turned to Fermi and said.

“Eider succeeded. I scraped the inside of the sirone properly.”

Fermi shook his head.

If it's a guy who moves only with emotions, it's not even a job to play with. Although his disposition was extremely different, Sirone was of a similar type to himself.

“Rather, it is a case where emotions have strengthened the coolness. If you do not step on the Eider, the 2nd and 3rd Eiders will appear. I calculated that it would be better to step on the bud in advance.”

“Anyway, the strategy worked. I've seen all of Sirone's techniques. From now on, all you have to do is collect the magic that can win the battle and counterattack. Wasn't it like that from the start?"

“Of course, but… … .”

Fermi rested his chin and was lost in thought.

If it is an overall evaluation with 20 points, everyone will do their best. However, it is assumed that he wanted to save at least the laser guidance algorithm.

In that respect, Eider met the trading conditions exactly. Nevertheless, what is the true nature of this sense of incongruity that haunts one's mind?

"I get it."

Lichen looked back at Fermi.

“You were hiding it? No, he didn't hide anything from the start. Optical wing, shotgun movement, laser guidance algorithm. Even if it wasn't for Eider, I would have pulled out the card at any time if necessary. Then why was I mistaken? It’s because Sirone’s growth rate is much faster than others.”

I already have three skills that I couldn't use before entering my senior year.

Even if she knew everything about Sirone now, it was impossible to predict how much she would evolve in the graduation exam.

'In just 3 months, I was equipped with two intermediate and one advanced magic. Just looking at the speed, it's almost the same speed as the military strengthening that leads to my money management.'

Fermi said to his colleagues without looking back.

“It’s a special sale.”

"huh?"

“Tell all customers that you’re giving them a 20 percent discount. And from now on, I only buy advanced magic. Buy whatever comes your way before graduation exams.”

Sona's Hercy approached with a tearful face.

“But Fermi, then this year’s revenue… … .”

“What did I say?”

Hersy's face, pierced by Fermi's gaze, turned pale. Fermi, the perfect manager, was just as terrifying as Fermi the eater.

“If you don’t eliminate minor variables, they become unmanageable variables when you encounter them.”

Hersy spat it out clearly, and Fermi turned away coldly.

"sun."

"Ah Okay."

When Fermi left the hall, the remaining four followed after watching.

The area around the battlefield was still noisy. Several students were desperately trying to stop the screamer.

They hated meddling in other people's affairs, but if they left it like this, Eider might die.

“Let go! Son of a bitch, I'm going to kill you! Let go of this!”

“Screamer! calm down! Eider is seriously injured! If you hit, you really die!”

There would be no place to beat a whole body fracture patient anymore, but if you were a screamer, it was unpredictable.

"I'm beating you to death! A cheeky bastard dares to overturn the board I designed?”

The team was disqualified due to a strategy that was not agreed upon. In addition, since he colluded with Fermi, he couldn't help but turn a blind eye to him, who was sensitive to his back alley loyalty.

“Aaaaaa! it's annoying!"

The screamer kicked the ground and threw dirt on Eider. The medical personnel who were worse off glared at me as if they were going to kill me and pointed their finger at me.

"you! More than 10 meters away from the patient! Otherwise, I will report it to the teacher!”

"cadet! Shit!"

Having regained his reason, the screamer shook the hands of the students and turned around. There's nothing you can do about it right now, but once you recover from your injuries, Eider will have to be prepared to be half dead.

Screamer walked over to the drinking fountain, opened the lid of the water bottle, and drank in one gulp. Then, when Sirone and the others approached, he pointed at the water bottle with his finger and said,

“Don’t be proud that you won. If it wasn't for Eider, I wouldn't have known the outcome.”

Nade snorted.

“You are laughing! Was it a game we caught anyway? And would you have promised? I want to apologize to Maya.”

Screamer grinded his teeth. I had to apologize because I had said something, but I couldn't help but say it.

There were also unfortunate aspects. How could he win the game with a rare idiot named Aida?

“Sheesh! what is an apology Hey, drink some water.”

Screamer handed over a water bottle as if to end it with this. However, the reaction that came back was unexpected.

As Maya, still unable to escape from the trauma, shook her shoulders in shock, a sigh escaped from the screamer's mouth.

'Ah, if you get scared by a few hits. What kind of wizard would that be... … .'

Maya has no talent for magic. No, apart from his talent, his way of thinking is not like a wizard.

After all, the personality of a person is white and white, and the important thing in reality is who gets through it.

Her face was swollen, her eyes were like frightened rabbits, and her hands were folded like a punisher.

“Maya, you… … .”

Just don't be a wizard.

Screamer swallowed the next words. It's her life anyway, and it's something she has to choose.

Also, when I looked at him without thinking that he was a wizard, I sympathized a little with the way he was bitten by a mad dog and went crazy.

“Yeah, I’m sorry.”

Screamer frowned and placed the water bottle in Maya's hand.

“I’m sorry I said it was a pig-picking sound. You sing well, try hard. No need to worry about Eider. As soon as I get back, I'll send you back to the hospital.”

“Screamer… … .”

Screamer is a difficult person for Maya. He is always angry, and, of course, often gets caught in the same group, and his heart flutters at the mere sight of each other. When I heard an apology from such a person, tears poured out as the sadness I had until now surged.

“Ah, I really can’t get used to it. Hey, did you apologize? I go.”

The screamer shook his head and left the training ground with another water bottle.

* * *

A holiday two weeks after the evaluation of occupying the high ground.

Sirone, Nade, and Iruki took flowers and headed to the advanced class. It is because I heard that Shiina, who received an award in her royal castle for this thesis, has been promoted to the official 5th class.

In the magic schools under the command of the kingdom of Tormia, there was no school where a certified 5th grade wizard was a regular teacher, except for the Royal Magic School, so it was inevitable that he was a sergeant of Alpheas Magic School.

“But is it okay if we go? Seniors don't go outside the steel gate. I mean, it creates a sense of incongruity for the juniors.”

“I still have to congratulate you. Just like during the presentation, he paid a lot of attention.”

The moment I entered the advanced class building while having a conversation, all the students in the hallway widened their eyes.

A graduating class senior who said it was difficult to even see his face appeared. Even three people.

"wow! It’s Sirone-senpai!”

“Iruki-senpai and Nade-senpai are there too!”

In an instant, the corridors were blocked by students jumping out of the classroom.

Seeing the bright eyes of her juniors, Sirone recalled the memories of being astonished by Sanuel's supersonic demonstration.

'Well, I was like that too.'

It is unimaginable now that he competes every day with players of similar level to Sanuel.

Maybe that's why the juniors I took classes with just a few months ago looked much younger than before.

“Hello, senior! My name is Orn, the best prospect in Class 4!”

A young boy walked out of the crowd and bent over.

It was a face she had never seen in an integrated class until last year, so Sirone tilted her head.

“Oern?”

"yes. I entered this semester. You won't know."

“Ah, so you’re a transfer student.”

Orn raised one corner of his mouth and shook his head.

"no. I also started magic late. It’s similar to Sirone-senpai.”

It was only then that Sirone took a closer look at Oern. It was said that as soon as he entered the magic school, he scored quite impressive results on the Class Four entrance test.

'huh?'

When a dangerous energy suddenly spread, Sirone entered the Spirit Zone with a learned instinct. Oern's Spirit Zone pierced her chest like a sharp spear.

'Hmm, that's right.'

If you are a promising prospect in the advanced class, there is no way you have not heard the anecdote about Sirone.

Most of all, his followers, Mark and Maria, are holding out here with a sense of tradition.

Eider's departure from his senior year must also have had an impact. It would depend on the graduation schedule, but with the possibility that one person in Class 4 might skip a grade, it was natural that he was highly motivated.

'how is it? Even seniors have no choice but to admit this, right?'

Orn knew how great the senior class was. However, he did not think that his talents were inferior to Sirone, who is currently the most famous magic school.

Even though Sirone entered school at the age of 18, she started in class 7. On the other hand, he was two years younger than him, but he was a genius who entered Class Four at once.

Sirone just laughed.

This is why seniors don't step out of the steel gate. If you deal with juniors who don't know the world, you won't be able to do anything.

'Certainly you have talent. but… … .'

Sirone suddenly opened her eyes and glared at Oern.

As the Spirit Zone changed to an offensive type, as many as 200 thorns came out towards Oern.

"Ahh!"

A frightened Oern sat down on the spot. He planted his back on the ground and looked up at Sirone with a tired expression.

I thought I wouldn't be pushed back as much as in the spirit zone, but the attack type from before was on a different level.

'Nonsense. Apparently Mark was the defensive type... … .'

Sirone squatted down to meet them at eye level.

"you. Are you specialized in attack types?”

"yes? Ah yes."

I thought so. Looking at her personality, which I identified from our short meeting, she was a junior full of energy like Amy.

“It's not all about sharpening the mind. Offensive type requires speed and agility. If you stay in the same state of mind over and over again, you'll get used to it.”

“Yeah, that’s right.”

O'Hern blankly looked up at Sirone. He was far more distant than he had vaguely thought.

'Is this your senior year?'

As Sirone took a step forward, the students who were blocking the hallway opened to the left and right as if a waterway was splitting.

“He’s a really cheeky kid. Doesn’t it just look like the old Iruki?”

At Nade's words, Shirone frowned in horror as she recalled her first meeting with Iruki.

"No, compared to Iruki, he's really humble."

“Because confidence is proportional to skill. In that sense, it is only natural that he is more humble than me.”

“Anyway, that bottomless confidence… … .”

Dozens of juniors were looking at the backs of the three as they exchanged conversations and walked away toward the end of the hallway.

---------------------------------------