[478] Her name is Gangnan (2)

Gaold looked up at the sky and waited.

The bridge, which had a much higher slope than when Gangnan started, now formed an almost vertical cliff.

Therefore, the height is a whopping 2 kilometers.

It was the perfect height for Miro, who was a warrior and could not use magic, to fall and die.

But that was also the story when I crossed the drawbridge.

Uriel hadn't taken action yet, but that actually bothered him even more.

“Damn it.”

He doesn't pay the slightest attention to Gaold's group.

What he pays attention to is only one thing in all of humanity, the labyrinth.

And finally, when the maze climbed over the bridge to reveal itself, Yuriel reacted.

When you get back the maze, everything is back to square one.

He didn't know how he would have judged Kariel, but this time he believed that his intellect and his intuition would match.

cooong!

As the drawbridge rocked and Uriel soared vertically, Gaold followed.

A new hope sprouted as the maze came back, but that bud was rotten somewhere.

'mutt… … .'

Gangnan could not cross the bridge.

By blowing up the maze, he faithfully performed his duty.

My heart was pounding and a strange fire welled up in my heart.

It is truly a flame different from desire.

It was another hell that Gaold experienced for the first time in his life, different from anger or hatred.

“Aaaaaaa!”

As the air press pressed down on the atmosphere, the speed of Yuriel, who had been flapping his wings of light and soaring, rapidly decreased.

Chiyiying!

Uriel turned to Gaold, spinning his halo of destruction.

To be honest, Gaold was a nuisance.

Any opponent who can match you can happily compete with each other.

Conversely, if it is a weak enemy, destroying it is enough.

that vague borderline.

An existence that would rise up again no matter how trampled it was, and yet could not harm itself.

Uriel thinks.

Maybe that's the confusing nature of human beings.

Good and evil, life and death, strength and weakness were all mixed together, and human beings were a mass of contradictions that could not be defined.

'Right.'

Uriel suddenly realized.

Why didn't I try to end them by unleashing all power?

'It was scary.'

The fact that I could not produce results even if I gave all my strength to these weak creatures was reluctant.

'Anchera, the reason you were wary of humans... … .'

Gaold's air gun hit Uriel directly.

It was a powerful attack that could pierce even iron, but to the Archangel of Destruction, it was just tingling.

In the midst of that slightly unpleasant stimulus, Uriel delved deeper into his thoughts.

It excites Kariel, the highest peak of intellect, and makes him, the embodiment of destruction, hesitate to destroy.

'Human chaos... … .'

Finally, Uriel came to a conclusion.

'It collapses the absoluteness of the world.'

“Great!”

Gaold's speaker was hitting Uriel's body more powerfully and quickly.

For the first time, pain can be defined, of course, angels do not even have such a definition, but the moment Uriel's starlight body expanded to an enormous size, the moment he felt a sensation that could be guessed like that.

“I am absolute.”

Infinite Justice Halo - Ragnarok.

As the concept of destruction was integrated into Halo, white electricity spread out in all directions.

'I can't stop it.'

A thought flashed through Gaold's mind, and before he knew it, his hand was outstretched toward the maze.

Pulling her with an air net, Gaold rushed to the ground with all his might.

Uriel destroyed the Gon of Paradise.

His body, surrounded only by the concept of destruction, was a weapon of its own existence, not requiring any tools.

“Ooooooooooo!”

Uriel fell vertically.

The moment his body surrounded by white electricity became a flash of light and fell on the bridge, Zulu's summoning magic was activated.

Space-Time Bird-Posmetry.

The frictional heat from Yuriel's fall generated an enormous amount of heat, evaporating everything made of matter.

Only a hemispherical crater with a diameter of 5 kilometers remained in the place where the sphere of light, which was born and disappeared in an instant, disappeared.

Literally total destruction.

Standing in the center of the hemisphere, Uriel slowly raised his head and looked at the sky.

That's why I didn't want to do it.

"human… … .”

I was stabbed in the back again.

What was it?

A huge bird made of light that appeared to Gaold and the others at the moment of destruction.

As the bird enveloped everyone, the concept of destruction was not conveyed, as if they had passed into another dimension.

“What about Kariel?”

Yuriel immediately flew up and landed on top of the walls of the Hall of Corruption in an instant.

I saw Kariel, who was still trapped in the stop force field and did not even move.

All the fallen angels flew and knelt before him.

Everyone trembled at the guilt of not being able to recapture the maze, but Uriel asked as if he didn't care.

“What happened to her?”

The fallen angel in the rear said as he dropped the fainting Gangnan to the ground.

“Once I got hold of it. I thought it would be better to capture them alive... … .”

If it was Kariel, he would have praised it.

Because I think everything in the world is worth using and can create new value.

On the other hand, Uriel, the archangel of destruction, didn't like that.

It's not just being ignorant.

He was an absolute devastation, and in front of him all values ​​became worthless.

“What should I do?”

Uriel turned around.

“I will go to Leil.”

You must bring the Archangel of Light and bring Kariel back.

“Let humans take care of themselves.”

Leaving those words behind, Uriel disappeared into the sky.

The fallen angels, whose commander had disappeared, hung their shoulders with sullen expressions.

If he had made a contribution in this battle, it would not have been impossible to return to Pyeongcheonsa, but in the end everything went back to failure.

“There is still a chance.”

The fallen angel with blonde hair hanging down to her chest like a veil said.

“Let’s hold this woman hostage and negotiate.”

The fallen angel with sharp fangs snorted.

“Is it really possible? What's important to them is the maze. This woman has no value as a hostage. Rather, it is an act of getting even a small pleasure by harassing them to their heart’s content and resolving their anger.”

"That's not a good way either."

A stout fallen angel intervened.

“But ignoring even the slightest possibility is not effective. No, maybe the solution is here.”

"What are you talking about?"

“Human beings have something called jeong. In other words, you have a tendency to understand the pain of others as your own.”

"Right."

The blonde-haired fallen angel nodded and looked down at Gangnan with cold eyes.

"The point is, it's fine if you don't kill it, right?"

Kang Nan was still in a deep sleep.

* * *

The flash of space shift landed in the forest with a roar.

Casting without fully understanding the terrain is tantamount to committing suicide, but Gaold and the others were not in a position to argue.

“Keuuugh!”

At the same time as it fell to the floor, it rolled across the floor at a tremendous speed, but no one lay down and spread.

Immediately centered, they cast teleportation and dug deeper into the forest.

You have to go a little farther away.

It was so terrifying that the moment it was caught, it imprinted death in the deepest part of the brain.

If it wasn't for the postmetry that I saved until the end, no one would be alive by now.

“Gaold! I have to go back!”

Caught by Gaold, Miro struggled and shouted.

“I have to go back, you fool!”

"shut up. Stay calm.”

Gaold's voice was harsh.

For 20 years, I've been living with only saving the maze in my head.

And now Miro is in his arms.

The stopped clock started to turn, and everything that happened from now on was a terrifyingly terrifying white future for Gaold.

The expression "lost" was accurate.

I couldn't judge anything, I didn't even know what fear was running through my heart.

“I can save it now! As long as I'm here, you won't be able to kill me carelessly!”

"shut up."

The maze was frustrating.

There's really no way you don't know. So Gaold was making the wrong decision.

“You idiot, he wants you… … .”

Gaold's eyes flashed with electricity, and he opened his mouth wide enough for his jaw to fall off, screaming.

“Shut up!”

The group's footsteps stopped.

Gaold, who rolled his eyes in confusion, threw the maze roughly on the floor and turned around.

“Damn it!”

When I punched the tree trunk with my fist, the bark splattered, and I felt a lot of pain.

Still, one thought stuck in my head.

Gangran. Gangnan was captured.

What bothered him more than anything was the fact that she was sure to be alive at this moment.

For the party, Kang Nan was only a brief relationship to proceed with this project, but Gaold was different.

The moment he wasn't there for the first time, he realized that Kang Nan was always by his side.

“I am a warrior of the wolf clan. You acted according to your convictions. She made a choice, and we have to respect that.”

“Don’t talk nonsense.”

Miro jumped up from his fallen position and grabbed Gaold by the collar.

"Wake! You can save it now! This has nothing to do with me!”

Except for Gaold, the feelings of the party were like a maze.

If you can save it, you must save it.

But no one was able to get a word out of their mouth.

Since Gaold had been living in hell for 20 years, Gaold's judgment was the top priority unless he could share even 1/10 of his pain.

Sein lied for a friend for the first time.

“What I decided to do when I came here is that the project comes first in any situation. Miro, we all risked our lives to save you. Even if you tell me to come and break that rule, it is not easy.”

Miro glared at Sein, then turned back to Gaold.

“What do you think? is this really what you want? Is it your choice to drive that child to death because you want me?”

Gaold was still speechless.

Like a child born into the world, thoughts were not going anywhere.

Miro, who had been looking at him pathetically, turned Gaold's chin back and shouted.

“Look at me! Look into my eyes!”

Gaold's gaze moved slowly to her.

The feeling that something had completely escaped lingered in his pupils.

“Are you so afraid? Are you saying you're going to abandon that child, fearing that what you've done for 20 years will go to waste!"

"I am… … .”

Before he could finish his words, Miro pulled Gaold by the neck and kissed him.

With eyes shaking in shock, Gaold reflexively pushed Miro away.

"what are you doing! Do you look like a joke situation?”

Miro didn't give up, approached again, grabbed Gaold's wrist, and brought it to his chest.

“Just do it here. take me! Then go get her, you fool!”

Gaold distorted his expression.

This guy and that guy, everyone was making a fool of themselves.

“You me now… … !”

At that time, a beautiful voice mingled with many voices spread from the sky.

It was the ability called gospel that angels spread as a group.

-Tell the human carrying the maze. We are holding on to your clan. If you don't bring Maze back by noon tomorrow, I'll kill you. Keep in mind that the sooner she goes, the less pain she will suffer. deliver the last we are… … .

Gospel repeated the same words and disappeared.

It was a huge sound, but it was a neat finish without even an echo.

Gaold staggered and sat down on a rock, biting his thumb nail, lost in thought.

noon tomorrow

'Time is running out.'

Fallen angels are taboo breakers, and Mara under their command is extremely ferocious.

Even at this moment, he had no idea what Gangnan was doing.

Awesome. cringe

Gaold's teeth gnawed at the fingernails in an instant and began to gnaw through the flesh and the bones of the thumb.

Awesome. cringe

No one was able to talk to the grotesque self-harm of a human with 1,000 times the basic pain.

---------------------------------------