[665] Insufficient five senses (4)

After interpreting Mayray's language through the Ultima System, Sirone felt a chill.

I didn't point to a specific person, but it was as if La Enemy was whispering to me.

'Hell inside me.'

La Enemy is waiting there.

It is open to interpretation, but it was key information to pass the Ivory Tower test.

"What kind of ability is God's frequency?"

“The Terraforce that the kingdom of Galon believes in is the conqueror of countless universes. According to the dogma, it came from far beyond the universe in which we live.”

The reason why it cannot be dismissed as a myth is that Sirone has actually been to heaven as well.

'Are you Gaia?'

It was not unreasonable for him to think that way, but he immediately shook his head.

'No, it can't be them.'

Gaia has already left the photon world and the last remaining Guffin leaves, ending the history of the species.

“Terraforce's oracles come true through dreams. I also received an oracle from the age of seven.”

Mayray explained while gesturing.

“The place to receive an oracle in a dream is always the same. It's a dark place. I can't see anything. Then, a light drawn vertically opens, and there is a silhouette of a god in it.”

Mayray lowered her hand.

“When I wake up from a dream, most of my memories disappear and only a few simple pieces of information come to mind. If the priest delivers that information, the people of Terraforce follow it.”

“But after all, it’s a dream, right? How do you prove that is true?”

“Religion is not the realm of proof. In fact, even in Galon, heretics who reject the oracle are plotting a revolution. The power of the Holy See is strong, so it's not really a threat. Anyway, the problem starts now.”

Mayray drew everyone's attention again.

“The reason I became a heretic and left Galon was because my powers exceeded the authority of the Pope. As usual, I fell asleep and felt like I was going to receive an oracle. As expected, that space came out of a dream. And when the door of light opens... … .”

Mayray said with a serious expression.

“I woke up from a dream.”

“In a dream… … Are you awake?”

“Maybe even that was a dream, but I'm sure every nerve told me it was real. It was then that I realized that the dreams I thought were oracles were actually all real.”

Sirone swallowed his saliva.

“The gates of light were wide open and they came. I can't remember what he looked like and it's all just a blurry image. He studied me closely and started talking with strange signals. I didn't know it then, but I do now. I think it meant, 'This is a bit unusual.'”

Mayray's voice began to tremble.

“A lot of things have been tried on me. I screamed in terror, then passed out. When I came to my senses again, I was lying on an operating table or something. When I shouted for help, they said again. Is it really unusual? Why are you awake?”

Mayley put on a calm expression again.

“And I woke up. I was lying on the bed in my room, but that was after I knew the reality.”

“Is there really a possibility that this is a dream?”

Mayray turned her head and lifted her hair above her ears.

Incision marks were left where the hair did not grow.

“As soon as I woke up from the dream, I immediately checked. I don't know what they did to me, but I think they implanted something.”

Mayray covered her ears with her hands.

“It’s a skill that has been around since then. When hearing is blocked, sounds of a specific frequency can be collected.”

That was Maylei's eating out, the identity of God's frequency.

“Actually, just covering your ears doesn't completely block out the sound, so there's a little bit of noise. I think if you cut off your ears, you will be able to hear more clearly, but Mr. Rufist objected, saying that it would make it difficult to communicate with others.”

Sirone also thought it would be a waste to give up the advantage of communication by removing her ears.

“Did Rufist tell you about me?”

“He helped me defect to Tormia from Gallon. He said that if I join forces with Mr. Sirone, it might be possible to eliminate Ra Enemy. I don't know why I got this ability, or maybe it's the design of Terra Force.”

It seemed like it would be a good idea to share the next story with Lufist.

"All right. Thanks for your efforts."

Meirei knew that it was a pass anyway, so she left the evaluation room without saying anything more.

Arya said as she took off her glasses.

“It is a very absurd story. Same with La Enemy and Terraforce.”

It was information that the general public did not even have a chance to access.

“But it is real. If we don’t stop it, there will be a crisis where we live.”

Arya was also aware of the seriousness of the matter as a bureaucrat in Tormia.

"okay. I don't think there will be any problem with forming a mercenary army. Let’s notify candidates individually and have a meeting in the evening.”

* * *

That night.

The core members gathered in Sirone's room.

While Rian and Arya were present, Etella, Quan, and Mayray entered in turn.

Finally, test takers #28 and #29 came in and took off their masks, to no one's surprise.

“It was pretty well laid out. It’s the list of successful candidates.”

First of all, Lufist, who praised Sirone, explained.

“As you probably know, the key to this mission is twofold. First, shutting down Radum. Second, to identify the intentions of La Enemy and eliminate it if possible.”

Ethella raised her hand and asked.

“Where is Chagall?”

“The association is searching, but the identity has not been confirmed. Either you left the kingdom or you are in Radum.”

“It must be in Radum.”

Chagall is a person who corresponds to the second half of the great purification period.

If he had followed the traces of La Enemy and flowed into Tormia, his destination had already been decided.

“I will take over Chagall. There is something I want to check.”

Maybe it should be killed, but Ethella didn't use the word revenge.

“I allow it. He's just a guy worth using. Even if you don’t tell me, you will know.”

“I have a question about it.”

Sirone asked.

“You said you would remove it if possible, but how?”

“Now I will explain.”

Rufist moved to a place where everyone could see.

“We are protecting the identity of Venezia, the head of Spectrum. According to her, Ra seems to be influencing Radum's organization by way of controlling the past. Therefore, the Kingdom took a risk and decided to close it.”

I've understood it so far.

“Then how do you find Ra? First of all, it exists only as an event in the past. Sirone, what do you think is the definition of the past?”

“Hmm, maybe before a certain event?”

“That is not wrong either. But I'd like to be a bit more specific. The past is the memory of the five senses.”

"aha."

“Everything we experience is reconstructed with our five senses and recorded in our brain. Therefore, the way La Enemy dominates the past cannot be extended beyond the five senses.”

“Because it is beyond human limits.”

Lufist nodded.

“Now, then, what if you could feel the sensations of the past as reality? It is a reality. Because time is just one way the human brain perceives the world.”

That's why it's possible to explode the fire.

“Venice pointed out this part with the ability of the three brains. In conclusion, the past can also become a reality according to the way of cognition. Therefore, Ra is not a specter without substance. Just the past.”

Lufist raised his index finger.

“It only exists in the past. Sirone, Ra might have been in this room a while ago. Do you agree?”

"yes."

“Then why aren’t we sure?”

“Because I have no memories of the five senses.”

"That's right. Because it does not exist in the present, precisely because it is not recognized in the present, it is thought that it does not exist.”

Rufist lifted the cup on the table.

“What would it be like if humans were not what they are today, but actually just brains submerged in a special liquid?”

Sirone imagined it.

"It doesn't matter if it's true or not. The point is, even if it were, there's no way for us to realize it. It's all the brain feels. Then, does this cup really exist or is it just an illusion of the brain?”

no one answered

“It is meaningless to distinguish existence from non-existence while dealing with Ra. If you can feel La Enemy with all five senses, it really exists for us.”

'I see. To find Ra... … .'

Sirone realized the intention of the question raised by the ivory tower.

- Can you prove existence and non-existence?

This was the problem that the candidates for the stars had to solve.

Quan asked.

“I bring out the memories of the five senses into reality and kill Ra. Ideas are good, but how do you bring them to life?”

"Jane."

When Rufist reached out, Jane handed over the box.

“What I'm holding right now is an object specially airlifted with the kingdom's finances. There is a hint about Ra's ability in this box.”

Lian, who had been dazed like an idiot until now, showed interest with her eyes shining for the first time.

“What kind of object is it?”

“<Nemesis>.”

The moment Rufist's words fell, Sirone hit her knee.

“Ah, <Nemesis>!”

It was an A-class object I heard from Uorin when I went to Kazura Kingdom the other day due to a paternity check scandal.

“I see you know. It is a very popular item in this system. Upon contact with Nemesis, the user's imagination becomes a reality within a radius of 20 meters.”

It was one of the objects that changed owners several times because the words of humans devoured by desire were miserable.

“I don't think I need to explain any more how imagination can become reality. In any case, the association speculates that Ra's ability will be similar to the mechanism of <Nemesis>.”

Ethella said.

“It means that you are using Ra’s power against you. However, isn’t the ability of <Nemesis>

“So I broke it.”

When Rufist opened the box, eight rings of pink color were found in a smooth material like jade.

Sirone pointed to the ring with an interesting expression.

"that is… … <Nemesis>?”

"okay. When I first got this, I wondered what would happen if two people contacted <Nemesis> at the same time. As a result of the experiment, imagination is shared. Because as long as the five senses feel it, it is real.”

Rufist took out a ring and held it up.

“Also, the ability of <Nemesis> seems to be determined by the content of special ingredients in the ore. The reason why it was processed into a ring shape while throwing away 9/10 of the total weight is because it has good carrying capacity and holding power. Control your mind after wearing the ring. Of course, only those who think they can do that are gathered here. When the mission is over, we will retrieve the items again.”

said Quan.

“I was convinced that Mayray's ability would bring Ra into reality. But her senses are so lacking. Aside from relying solely on her ears to track her, how the hell are you going to slash Ra?”

Sirone murmured as if he had suddenly come to mind.

“Poetry of Buddhahood?”

With everyone's eyes focused, Lufist turned to Sirone and said.

“Yes, it is you.”

Sirone's Poetry Buddha Statue can recognize the past as the present, so it will be a tactile sense that can touch Ra Enemy.

“If Mayray finds it, you kill it.”

---------------------------------------