[490] New variable (3)

Mattiel was silent.

It wasn't that Satiel had such a cruel and cold personality from the beginning.

Rather, at the beginning of his birth, he was the most delicate and pure angel among the eight archangels.

McLean Guffin.

Although he had already departed from the world, his presence was still deeply rooted in this world and exerting influence.

Even to the spirit of Archangel Satiel.

"You're approaching fast."

Methiel looked at the battlefield and turned around.

It was by no means frightening of Satiel's madness, but Ra's will might come into play, so it was better to watch your mouth now.

When Methiel returned his words, Satiel also disarmed the halo of justice and looked around the battlefield again.

As the rebels came flooding in, the army of Heaven also came along, but the control was not working properly.

Even if it is one heaven, each sky is different.

The fact that there was no angel's command combined with the unfamiliar strategy of bypassing the castle wall while taking advantage of the paralysis of the Aegis interception system was acting as an opportunity for the rebels.

“Aren’t we supposed to step in? And if you really do reach Arabot... … .”

“I already sent all Mara. Now you have to take action... … .”

Aaaaaaaaaaa!

Before Methiel could finish his words, a roar that shook the world was heard from the east of Jebul.

A huge black sphere with a diameter of 200 meters pushed away all objects and expanded, then sucked in everything in all directions.

If the scenery of Jebul was a painting, it was a heterogeneous scene as if it had been pressed with a brush, and the speed at which several tons of rocks rotate around a sphere seemed rather slow in front of a huge scale.

"That's Metatron's Gravity Steel. What happened?”

It is difficult to see that the archangel directly intervened in the battle, violating Ra's instructions.

In particular, Metatron, whose mouth was destroyed for denying Ra's will, deserved to be more self-respecting.

Methiel and Satiel opened their halos at the same time and peered into the Gravity River.

Nothing could be seen due to the power of gravity that sucked in even light, but as Metatron's ability gradually disappeared, a scene was revealed.

“That… … .”

The eyes of the two archangels shook in shock.

'The power of an angel... … It doesn't work.'

Metatron murmured from the mouth of his mind.

If Ra hadn't extinguished his mouth, he would probably have been staring at the person standing in front of him with a blank expression.

“Hehehe, is this the power of an archangel?”

Caught in the river of gravity, Frankwine pushed his strength into his muscular body while he was naked.

Her skin was reddish and the scars from Etela were set in place, but her expression was still smiling.

“It’s nothing.”

The moment Frankwine spurred the ground, Metatron launched hundreds of gravity spheres, trapping him in a labyrinth of gravity from which he could never escape.

But to everyone's surprise, Frankwine ignored all the force and came straight up and punched Metatron.

Metatron, who rolled over the ground with a massive body, fell on the floor with a look of disbelief.

“… … .”

He had no mouth, so he couldn't even groan.

'The source concept is not applied. That means... … .'

Having reached a conclusion, Metatron turned his head away with his eyes raised in disbelief.

Frankwine, with four triangles floating above his head, was walking towards me with an arrogant shrug of his shoulders.

'Don't quadruple. It's Satan!'

If the angel's halo symbolizes eternity, Mara's triangle symbolizes absoluteness.

And all these concepts are integrated into a whole to form the Akashic Records.

But Satan has 4 horns.

This was a concept that could not be reached by the law, so Satan is not affected by any law.

'The reason why the activities of the angels were banned was not because of the Nephilim. Ra is... … .'

Fearing the coming of Satan, the angels were evacuated.

In the end, it was the right choice.

Since Satan is an existence outside the law, he is the only concept that cannot be erased even with the Akashic Records.

Therefore, the most threatening variable in Heaven at present was neither the rebels nor the Nephilim, but Satan.

'It must be removed now. When the angels are attacked, then no one can stop them.'

Since the Akashic Records are perfect, the number of laws is always 1.

However, there is a possibility of downgrading this fixed and unchanging status to a general concept by using special reasons.

In other words, it is assumed that there is a 'something' that refers to the whole outside the concept of the whole.

No one knows what 'something' is, but the moment you assume it exists, a concept arises.

From that point on, the Akashic Records are downgraded to the number 2 of the law, referring to 'something' and each other, eventually entering into a zero-sum game that the mage calls the seesaw of the law.

Satan is a being born from the subjunctive law that has no substance.

Perfect imperfection was the only concept that could destroy the Akashic Records as a law.

“I hear angels have high self-esteem, so why don’t we just give up? Before it gets worse.”

Metatron shook his body and stood up.

I couldn't hear the distinctive grand sound of spirit anymore, but the momentum was transmitted through the shimmering air.

'End with this!'

As the judicial halo was activated, Frankwine's surroundings bent towards a single point, like clear water being sucked into a funnel.

Frank Wein's face was distorted by the ability to compress gravity and pierce a hole in space and time.

“Keuuugh!”

Then, the body bent as if it were spinning around the point, and quickly tightened toward the hole.

“Hehe, what is this… … It's not even kidding.”

Suddenly, Frankwine's body, which viciously tore his mouth, disappeared from space as if evaporating.

“… … !”

Metatron's eyes widened in shock.

As Frankwine's fist pierced his thick chest neatly, the glow above his head weakened like a candle with a burnt wick.

'Isn't that okay... … .'

The reason why angels are powerful is because they deal with the concept of the deep principle of this world that no creature has ever touched.

However, Satan, who ignores all these concepts, was the natural enemy of all angels, including the archangel.

Like a last struggle, the starlight that had been emitting light for a while exploded like a piece of glass, and Metatron's dull body fell over.

“A stupid guy.”

Frankwine unwrapped his fist as he looked down at the archangel, which was oxidizing and disappearing with light.

“Now, what will happen?”

It was this piece of information that most appealed to Frankwine when Satan offered him a deal.

seesaw of the law.

Every time you annihilate angels, Frankwine's law becomes stronger.

And now one of the original eight concepts has disappeared.

In other words, one-eighth of the principles that govern the world have been removed.

Passsss.

When Metatron's corpse, which was turned into dust of light and scattered into the air, completely disappeared, Frank Wein's eyes opened wide.

His body began to convulse as the flies in his pupils ran wild.

"Oh oh! Ohhhh!”

A great force was rushing in.

As the muscles of the whole body expanded like balloons, his height rose to two meters and his skin turned red like blood.

Eyes glared upward viciously, teeth jutted out, and thick necks flowed like mountains to shoulders.

“Hahahaha! Hahahahahaha!”

Frankwine's voice, as he burst into flames toward the sky, was muddy, as if his muscles were being squeezed.

He lifted his head toward the building of Jebul, where he could see a cross-section of the building that had been severed by the gravity steel, and vigorously kicked off the ground and flew up.

When I entered the 23rd floor from the 43rd floor section, the subordinates of the night blind were lined up and waiting.

“Are you here, Captain!”

Frankwine smiled with an ugly face that had already lost its original appearance.

Every time he took a step, the pale wall, the symbol of an angel, shook with an ominous red shadow.

“Hey, shall we start playing in earnest from now on?”

Satan's angel hunt has begun.

Jebul 13th floor.

Armin, Shiina, and Kuan formed a team of three and were heading to Ingris, where the Akashic Records are located.

It was not difficult to infiltrate Jebul because the angels had not been active until now, but the problem was that there was no special way just because they arrived.

“Miss Etella should bring the disk safely. I felt it even when I was making a deal, but there are a lot of suspicious corners, night blind people.”

Shiina was thinking the same thing as Armin.

In particular, the leaders of the Night Blind, Frank Wine and Meat Gun, were the ones who exuded a unique temperament different from the members of the organization.

“Teacher Etella will be fine. I know my skills better than anyone else.”

The reason why they couldn't narrow the distance even though they lived together as teachers of the same age at Alpheas Magic School was awe of her.

Leaving behind the title of Bishop of the Karsis Monastery, she had a sincere heart for the world.

"okay. Mr. Zulu is also a strong person.”

Currently, Zulu is on a solo mission to find the Metagate.

It is presumed to be in the munitions factory in the basement of Jebul, but it was unknown what the outcome would be as it was a wartime situation.

The whole situation is precarious, but Armin is determined.

As the stop was lifted by the angel's power, the timeline was refilled for Armin.

The only thing I was worried about was the maze.

is she all right?

Or did he die when Kariel's magic circle exploded because he couldn't time it?

'Well, I'm not a wizard at the level I'm concerned about. protect Shiina. Just think about it.'

Armin stopped and looked back at Shiina.

“If a situation arises that you cannot handle, come behind me unconditionally. Because I can stop it at least once.”

"okay."

Armin's stop would certainly help, but Shiina's help was only part of a tactic.

“But make sure of this. If you cast Stop just to save me, I will never respect you again.”

"okay. Promise me.”

Armin answered without even thinking.

If he had been afraid of being hated by her, he would not have left the Ivory Tower and flown to heaven in the first place.

Whether she knew that or not, Shiina snorted and hurried her steps again.

Watching the two of them conversing from the rear, Quan didn't feel so good.

What were you expecting?

Did he even anticipate that something new would happen in the middle of nothing if he shared life and death together?

Since Shiina came and made a proposal in person, did he even expect that there would be some kind of expectation for her?

'A poor guy.'

Shiina has Armin.

The war is drawing to a close, and whichever side wins, this will be their grave.

“Only death will save me.”

"huh?"

Hearing Kuan's muttering, Shiina finally turned around.

He's a person who doesn't show emotions on a regular basis, but since he joined Jebul, he hasn't even given a tactical opinion.

As if he couldn't bear to cut someone, he was just straining his eyes and spreading his life.

'He's like a child in this way...' … .'

When he reached the official 5th grade, he was the first to send a congratulatory letter, and when he sent a sudden transfer to propose a trip to heaven, he came running.

It doesn't make sense to not know Kuan's true feelings.

He still doesn't show his emotions, but I could feel the sadness buried in his cool chill.

Shiina smiled and made a mischievous joke.

“The same goes for Kuan. No matter what happens, the mission takes precedence over me, you know?"

It was a statement that subtly revealed that he was guessing Kuan's feelings, and it was a statement that required a lot of courage from her.

However, Kuan still passed Shiina indifferently without any change in expression, and only spat out resolutely.

"Do not worry. I don't have the ability to protect anyone.”

An ivory tower wizard who has conquered time magic is guarding her.

He was grateful for Shiina's concern, but hated receiving sympathy under any circumstances.

'What mistake did I make?'

A joke that would never have been told normally. Perhaps this would be the last time, so he mustered up courage.

Shiina pursed her lips and looked at Kuan, who was moving away.

One leg was limp more than usual due to the accumulated fatigue, and perhaps that is why his back looked even more lonely.

---------------------------------------