Hidden Code(3)

Sirone was quick to accept the account of the guffin talking to the lotus for 40,000 years.

The closer the end of the omega got, the more nervous they were, but there was no way to build a battery faster than that.

'Because it's all the history of the universe.'

The attention is on the guffin, but the data that actually comes in is all the events that happened in the world.

Even the log that the 3,241st rabbit on a remote planet mated with the 8,790th rabbit and gave birth to the 17,653rd rabbit is being delivered.

"decided."

In the place where Sirone's consciousness was concentrated, Guffin's voice was transmitted to the 11th sense.

His appearance has not changed since he first came, and the lotus flowers that have become his home have not withered.

“I must leave.”

'So suddenly? Where are you going?'

Guffin stroked the lotus flower.

“Thank you for listening to my long, boring story. I'm sorry... …

'It's a story about humans. Humans are amazing. It's amazing. actually… … I want to be human too.'

“I lost my wife and children.”

Guffin looked up at the sky.

“I wondered what it meant to be a god. Let's live forever, if we lose someone else. You may not be able to bear it then.”

'You worked hard. I know.'

“I would rather have nothing from the beginning. If this world itself had not existed... …

For an instant, emptiness filled Guffin's eyes.

all.

But for a moment, the emptiness looked down at the lotus flower with eyes full of affection.

“Still, I tried to go out into the world.”

' why?'

Guffin didn't hear the lotus' voice, but as it happened, he answered.

“Because it continues. Because we have to go on endlessly.”

After rising from a lotus flower, the guffin jumped over a wide lake and landed on land in a month.

“Looks like I told you too much. It must have been that painful.”

I couldn't communicate with the lotus flower, but I didn't think that there would be no change in the plant that endured for 40,000 years.

“If you are listening to me now, and if you understand, then it must mean that I have a heart for you too.”

After thinking for a moment, Guffin added.

“It means connected to the outside world.”

'outside'?'

Guffin smiled bitterly.

“Actually, I don’t know. Maybe this world should stop shutting down.”

A world full of countless pains.

“But if you still want to continue… …

Giving thanks for preserving our friendship of 40,000 years, Guffin bowed his head.

“Help the human.”

human.

An existence that can lean in either direction, good or evil, ball or love.

Lotus pondered.

And the moment the guffin turned and walked away, golden smoke rose from the petals and took the form of a human. The girl, who gave off a fresh floral scent, slowly lowered her head in the way of a guffin.

'goodbye.'

Leaving behind the birth of the Hwajok like that, Guffin calmly walked through the remote forest.

'How much time has passed?'

I haven't counted the exact date, but I can feel that about 40,000 years have passed.

A long time for humans.

However, to Guffin, who has lived for an eternity, it was only enough for humans to make time for lunch.

“Forty thousand years. Could it have changed a bit?” There were primitive tribes when they first came to this planet, but they probably didn't last long anyway.

The ability to maintain a species is determined by the superiority and inferiority of the system, and to build a system that responds to numerous variables, a price must be paid accordingly.

The price of the experience of failure.

'Maybe humans may have disappeared.'

Either unimaginable monsters are ruling the world, or maybe there are none.

'If that happens, I'll be alone again.'

Contrary to his desperate thoughts, Guffin's steps gradually accelerated as he found the exit.

'Let's not expect it. I might get excited and cry.'

The moment he climbs the uphill road to the end of the forest, trying to calm his mind, the world unfolds in front of Guffin's eyes... … .

" haha??????

Brilliant golden light reflected in the sun.

'of course.'

With the towering castle at the center, human civilization was stretching to the end of the horizon.

9 o'clock delusion. Having escaped from the ability to turn imagination into reality, the group stared at Quan.

'Could it be that the space was cut?'

I'd never heard of someone using such swordsmanship.

'<Nemesis>.'

Sein saw the ring on his middle finger.

'Did he cut the delusion with his own imagination?'

If so, it was natural that everyone who wore <Nemesis> was released from the hidden code.

'I understand this far, but... … How could that be?

The delusion Sein experienced was not at a level that he could endure even though he had the Iron Wheel.

'Quan has Shiina in his heart. It's not like before, but Armin's heart is also......

Sein looked away.

As expected, Armin bit his lip and had a grievous expression on his face.

'The most regrettable event in life.' What was it?

'Was it the moment when I lost both eyes? Or that she couldn't throw her heart at Shiina first?'

Armin murmured in a low voice.

“… … I'm sorry."

With that, Sein thought it would be the latter.

No, maybe the two things weren't unrelated.

If he hadn't lost his eyesight as a child, he wouldn't have left Shiina.

So that means sorry.

'… … It must be that he was happy in that delusion.'

who can blame him?

'Only Kuan is qualified.'

But when he looked away, Quan was not in a state where he could hear Armin's small voice.

“Heo-eok! Huh!”

Quan wasn't weak enough to let out a quick breath with just one swing of the sword.

'What kind of delusion was it?'

Si-ok's code interfering with the unconscious must have led Kuan to the happiest event.

'Perhaps he was uninjured. And meet her most beloved her... …

Sein stopped thinking.

'I see.'

Only Kuan realized why he was able to get out of the 9 o'clock delusion.

'The happy reality is rather unhappiness to him.'

such a contradiction.

Kuan destroyed his body to protect Shiina.

Because she loved that much, from Kuan's point of view, Shiina couldn't love someone like herself.

“Bastard.”

Quan, who slowly got up, glared at the delusional 9 o'clock.

“You shouldn’t have touched her.”

A contradiction in which the happiest ending for Kuan becomes a terrible tragedy for Shiina.

In the end, the eyes of Kuan, who experienced the worst ending where she laughed happily with him, were like ghosts.

The delusional 9 o'clock, who was in a displeased state because the code was broken, relaxed his expression and smiled.

"haha! she? I don't even know who I am. All delusions are made by you, not by me.”

Even if you are in prison, you cannot read the waves of your heart.

'That's why Satan covets that woman's power.'

God's frequency.

“Don’t think of dying gracefully.”

Quan triggered an asymmetrical extreme and disappeared from everyone's awareness, but the 4 o'clock of sloth was also able to make specific conditions for what he did not want to happen.

The situation where Kuan's gale-like slash continued to brush past Shiok's side was repeated.

“Things like rats… … !”

At that time, a skinny girl with dark circles cursed Kuan.

“Unlucky child! Be miserable for the rest of your life!” It was 10 o'clock in revenge.

'What is the hidden code?'

Unpleasant things happen.

The spittle that someone in the prison had spat out hit Quan's strangely moving eyes.

“Keugh!”

'You're making me unhappy somehow. Surely this is a cheat, but spitting is... …

The process of occurrence of unhappiness follows the law.

'It's not particularly threatening. But when delusional, other times supported 9 o'clock.'

That hidden codes can be combined.

'The 2 o'clock of disobedience wins in all kinds of odds. If combined with this... …

A terrible misfortune could have happened.

“Lilia! Support Kuan!”

He didn't answer, but Lilia was already supporting with all her might.

'no. The upper limit of the law was exposed.' Don't give more than what you've already experienced

If not, you can't counter the 4 o'clock cheat of sloth.

The pot-bellied man with a warm eye smile shouted.

“Chuck! It's over!”

Peak 11 o'clock.

“At this point, I propose. If only one person remains, I will guarantee the lives of others.”

What they wanted was Mayray.

" step."

The climax of 11 o'clock flicked my tongue.

“The remaining ones will have to play with me.”

Sein waited for the wave of his heart.

'Hidden code.'

There is no limit to the pursuit of desire.

You can sleep or not sleep, eat 3,000 heads of cows and not be full, and be engrossed in sexual pleasure for the rest of your life, but your energy will not be exhausted.

'What the hell are these... …

He had no intention of accepting Si-ok's deal, but his hair stood on end when he heard the hidden code.

Mayray delivered the last wave.

'The 12 o'clock of nothingness.'

It was a middle-aged man with deep wrinkles and stubbornly tight-lipped mouth.

'What is the hidden code?' Resets all phenomena created by Siok.

'It's not liberation.'

If you get tired of endlessly harassing them, reset them and enjoy them again from the beginning.

'… … Now I understand.'

Sein, who identified the hidden code of Siok, was convinced.

'Unlawful time 0.666 seconds. In other words, the absurd phenomenon in which the incident itself disappears O...'

All 12 cheats are combined and implemented.

'It's not going to change even if I know.' One thing was clear.

'Habits.'

Where Sein turned his gaze, Habitz was sniffing with his pupils wide open.

“I want to cut off my finger. I want to eat the small intestine. I want to hear the screams. I want to lick your eyeballs.”

'It was like that.'

There was disgust in Sein's eyes.

'Twelve cheats. Those who live in the world with such authority, their brains, their minds... …

It can't be normal.

Harvits said.

“Shall we try it? Fingers first.” With Havitz invoking Vanishing, the battle finally reached its climax.

While Sane, Armin, and Mayray responded to Harvitz's ability, Eden opened a barrier.

'I will definitely endure.'

As Lilia amplified the law, Quan moved in an extraordinary movement.

The five o'clock of prejudice shouted.

“Don’t trust that prosecutor! It's a sneaky pervert who steals women's underwear! He would have stolen your underwear too!”

Eden shook his head.

“Stop talking nonsense! Quan is not that kind of person!”

The 3 o'clock of the house refuted.

“Look at that guy’s face! And look at your body condition! The bottom line is, that guy is a pervert!”

Lyria desperately held on, but her head was already filled with huge doubts.

'So then my underwear... …

Mei Lei gave up the pursuit of Havitsu and conveyed Kuan's feelings to everyone.

“Ugh!”

When the truth was revealed, the party's faces turned red, but they couldn't afford to worry.

'no. Can not be done.' Quan's anger was on the verge of exploding, but the more he did, the colder his head was.

'I can't pierce the hell with my movements.'

It is still possible to grasp Havitz's actions with God's frequency, but on the contrary, there was a serious disadvantage.

'If Havitz explodes the evil heart again... …

Eden will not stand.

If the shield disappears, those who remain will be sacrificed to Shi Jade.

In the end, Harvits achieves what he wants.

Mayray knew.

-Mr. Kuan, a certain section of the wave is intensifying. How about stepping back?

-no. I will. Don't drop her ears from Habits. One chance??… .

At that moment, an intense evil dwelled in the heart of Havitz, who was blocked by the barrier of Eden and was irritated.

"Kyaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah

As Eden's throat spontaneously screamed, the Absolute Barrier disappeared.

'Now!'

Kuan moved.

Havitz's heart was terrible, but it was enough to endure because of his hatred for Eden.

'kill!'

Kuan's body quickly rushed behind Havitsu, who raised his sword at Eden.

“It doesn’t work!”

At the same time as Sloth's 4 o'clock activated the hidden code, Quan raised the sword in his left hand.

'It transcends.'

And as soon as he pointed the blade at himself, it deeply stabbed him in his right eye.

Clown Pierrot - super-excited.

With Kuan at the center, one side of the world rose significantly, and Siok and Havitz's awareness drifted downhill.

'I missed it.'

Shiok's heart sank.

The moment I saw Havitz's face as he swung his sword at Eden without knowing anything.

“It is Satan!”

Shiok screamed as if his throat would be torn.

All the laws are swept away by a huge tilt, and behind the back of Havitz, who is smiling wickedly... … .

"die."

Quan's sword drew a horizontal line of flash.

"ah… …

Dozens of gazes swaying in shock followed Habitz's neck, which separated from his body and soared into the air.