final chapter (2)

The Terraforce combatants were taken aback.

'To roll on a flat ground.'

No, is it really flat?

It was not simply a change in the direction of gravity, but the feeling that the axis of the world was tilted.

'It looks like falling off a cliff.'

Although it belatedly responded with a gravitational field, the shaft continued to rotate like a compass that lost its magnetic field.

- Unenforceable. Ask for support.

Even from the mothership staying in the atmosphere, the battle on the ground was carefully observed.

“… … It's embarrassing.”

The condition of the combatants flying around like crawling on the ground was obviously not normal.

“It is difficult to face head-to-head. The body and mind of the author are the most perfect ideals.”

Because he was an alien creature, he had the clearest understanding of Quan's thoughts.

“I activate Four Kind (4th type close encounter).”

It was an abduction method used by Terra Force to investigate life on a specific planet.

“You mean bring that human? We can’t carry out operations that could put the mothership in danger.”

"no."

Wave motion in their field of vision converted sounds from the ground into images.

It was like a haze in which the atmosphere was compressed, and the most rapid valley was… … .

“Olifer Shiina.”

It was the only reason Kuan moved.

“It’s a huge emotional surge. As long as that woman is on the ground, the operation cannot be carried out.”

“What if I chase you?”

“A chase?”

Terraforce looked back at his comrades.

“That's a good joke. I did a lot of research on humans.” It wasn't really a joke, but it wasn't unreasonable for a colleague to think that way.

'Well, if you're a Terra Force combatant, you won't know what to do with the mothership.'

Commander gave instructions.

“Bring it.”

On the other hand, Crown, riding in Kuan's body, felt a thrill from the transcendent aerobatics.

“Wow, I thought it was junk… … It was super high performance.

'What should I do with this?'

To the Illuminati, who knew the outside world, the actual outcome did not matter.

Usually, war, resource control, disease, etc. lead the direction of humanity from the perspective of the gods... … .

'Stop going back because there are no users.' However, since it was such a rare world, there was one question holding him back.

'I'll match it this time.' Accepting Quan's feelings, he cut through Terra Force without hesitation.

beep! beep! beep!

'what?'

At that moment, red lights began to flicker in the lenses attached to the combatants' gloves.

- Gravity Reversal. Be prepared.

“Quan!”

When I turned my head to Shiina's voice, a red flash was shining on her.

'Four Kind. I'm thinking of taking him.'

can't stop that

Knowing Terraforce's technological prowess, Crown calmly lowered his sword.

Shiinaaaaaa!

Kuan was different.

“Keugh!”

A tremendous signal hit his brain, and Crown frowned and stumbled.

'I can't control it.'

Shiina, pulled into the sky in an instant, disappeared into the Terraforce mother ship.

- Shiina! Shiina! Shiina!

'calm down! I can't help it! And those guys... …

Cuckoo Cuckoo!

When a harsh atmospheric sound broke out, the rushing attendants all looked up at the sky.

So did Crown.

"what… … hey?"

extremes of asymmetry.

A mothership the size of a city was staggering as the world shook on its axis.

- Protect! protect! protect!

"crazy… …

Before he could finish his words, control passed and Kuan's body flew into the sky.

Although the crown tried its best, it could not overcome the signal of 'protecting'.

'This guy... …

Why are you doing this?

'Destroy yourself endlessly. It's different from Garas. This is rather the result of getting farther away from breeding.'

Love is.

'What does this mean for the universe?'

Perhaps this question is the only homework left to the outside world.

The survivors were ready to go out ahead of the final war of mankind.

"let's fight. We are the masters of this world!”

Among the resistance fighters gathered together, there was a parrot mercenary group that commanded the world.

"sister."

The operator came to Marsha.

"Why did you come? The demons will come soon. Hide in a safe place with the other operators.”

Even if she had the highest fighting power in High Gear, she was just a smart girl in real life.

“Are you coming back?” Well, if the war is lost, all life on this planet will be homeless.

“Don’t worry.”

Freeman grunted.

“Because I will protect my woman.”

“Put.”

After hearing those words, Marsha relaxed and kissed the operator's head.

“Okay, I’ll be back. Promise."

As the operator went downstairs with an effortless smile, Marsha glanced at her.

"my woman?"

"then? Who else in the world is there other than me to take you?”

On the one hand, that's why.

“… … It really is a beggar world.” As her officers burst into laughter, Marsha regains her cool.

'Can the ground forces hold out?'

According to the future information she had seen, it was probably close to this point.

'Cell Buster.'

North Pole.

A pair of men and women arrived in a field where even the ivory tower, the symbol of intelligence, had disappeared.

“Is it here?”

Based on the boundary line, Jin Seong-yin in the room pointed to the sky and said.

“It will start there.”

When Kitaru Man raised his head, there was a huge gray mass like the moon.

“According to Singh's calculations, it's five minutes from now. Please stop for the sake of mankind. No, hold out as long as possible.”

'Humanity.'

Ranstin took a few steps.

“Go see.”

Jin Seong-eum watched for a while and closed the etheric wave, and the arctic wind blew.

wheeeeeeeeee.

Rin grumbled.

“It’s sluggish. What song is there without an audience?”

“Hehe.”

Ranstin laughed.

“When did you do music while caring about that? Let’s have fun in our own way.”

"iced coffee. ah."

Before he knew it, Rin was relaxing, and Ran Steen tuned his object <Gitaru>.

It can produce the sound of various instruments at the same time, but it has no killing power by itself.

'Samun.'

It was Ranstin's mental resonance magic that killed living things.

"come."

Rin said looking up at the sky.

As the Taegeuk was broken, the anticell, which was a perfect sphere, was falling in the shape of a drop of water.

"He's coming to kill us."

Rin's voice did not reach Ranstin's ears.

-Oops｝. dad.

He heard his daughter's voice.

- Play the guitar.

At the point where Anticell covered half of the air, Rin turned her head upright.

“Are you not going to?” -Dad, I love you.

'why?'

Do you live like this?

'Are you an unsuccessful artist? Is your wife having an affair? Because my daughter caught a cold and died?'

The moment when Anticell attacks them as if to crush them.

“Kick!”

Lanstin let out an incoherent laugh and strummed his guitar.

support support support!

'Things (fingerprints of death).'

The anticell, swept away by the high-speed arpeggio sound waves, vibrated and exploded.

Rin muttered while doing gymnastics.

“It goes up.”

Due to the impact of the explosion, it rose in altitude, but this time it split in two and fell.

support support support!

Explosion, explosion, the high-pitched voice continued to rise again, rapidly increasing to 32.

“There are a lot of spectators.”

As the number of audience increases, the power of the guitar rum man becomes more powerful.

This is the strongest technique of crowd control that Fermi posited as Anticell's counterhorse.

“Slowly…

When the number of anticells reached 128, Lan Steen stopped playing and straightened her back.

"shall we start?"

It seemed that his hands had been loosened.

ground. The strongest martial art in the universe unfolded in a place not far from the temple.

bang! bang! bang!

Hearing the earth-shaking roar, Minnie returned to human size and crawled on the ground.

“Ariana, are you okay?”

Even her fair-haired blonde was covered in blood and could barely breathe.

"huh. however… … Did we really lose?”

The two women looked around the battlefield.

Ikael's triangular Mara Ashur was competing with the god Gir with a sword.

“They are all monsters.”

And farther away than that, the Archangel Ikael and the rest of the earth.

“Ha ha ha ha!”

The strongest Ymir collided.

Kurrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr

On a land where there is nothing to protect anymore, Ikael's spirit is in perfect combat mode.

'side. back side. side.'

She gritted her teeth as she traced Ymir's speed, which had no afterimage, by 'looking down'.

'It's here!' Just to turn the body 115 degrees, about 12,000 amplifications are made.

'Proof!'

Ikael's fist struck something in the air with a thud.

“Great!”

Ymir, who was hit right in the jaw, stepped back several tens of meters with his upper body tilted back.

“......Uhhhhh.”

A mountain of dirt was built behind him.

“Nice. To think that such a destructive force could be produced from such a slender body. As expected, buy Daecheon.”

Ikael grabbed his tingling wrist.

'It's incredibly hard.'

“To be honest, I was interested from heaven. Your battles have always been graceful.” “I have such a desire.”

As Ymir, who made the six arms, bent his knees, the air descended heavily.

“What if I beat you until I kill you?”

The moment he kicked the ground, the ground collapsed as if a nuclear explosion had occurred underground.

Ymir arrived as fast as its power and struck Ikael with six fists.

“Huh!”

"okay! That face!”

Unlike Rihanna and Ogent, he frowned to keep his dignity until the end.

I don't particularly like it, but that's why I wanted to break it at least once.

"Goes!"

It was a fist flying from behind my shoulder, but it seemed like it was coming from beyond the distant universe.

'Giant person.'

Ikael's eyes widened in despair before Ymir's fists grew without knowing the end.

“Ikael!” The time when Ashur, who had just cut off Girshin's body, was about to move to the signal of the signal.

“Gaaaaa!”

Girsin hugged him while regenerating dozens of legs under his upper body.

"I can't die alone!"

The legs wriggling like bugs seemed to show the urgency of Girshin a moment ago.

Ashur couldn't move.

'damn! signal!'

All signals from space can be collected, but only the area of ​​the panel must be perfect.

“Taha!”

Then Ariana put Girshin's longest legs between her armpits.

' Yeomdong... … !'

Giant Swing.

I squeezed out the last signal and threw my Girshin, and Ashur's body finally disappeared.

“Big! Dare these... … !”

A shadow fell over the face of Girshin, who had too many legs to keep his balance.

"uh?"

Mini, who turned into a giant, lifted her foot and trampled on Girshin like an ant.

Woo woo woo woo!

“Whoa.”

Minnie, who had returned to her human size by bending her knees, touched the ground and said.

“Ha, I won.”

“By the way, isn’t this a forfeit?” a bit irregular.

“What do you know? That’s the beauty of pro wrestling.”

"but."

Ariana giggled.

Meanwhile, Ashur moved to protect Ikael and witnessed an amazing sight.

Beneath a fist as gigantic as a mountain, stood an archangel one-thousandth the size of it.

“Uriel.”

Ikael looked at Ymir's back as he supported Ymir's fist with only his right hand.

“… … why?"

Uriel slightly turned his head towards her, but didn't say anything.

“Quack.”

Ymir bit the corner of his mouth.

“I knew. If you beat up the thing you love the most, it will appear.”

This is why the end of the world is good.

No matter what beliefs you have, in the end you have no choice but to collide with yourself.

'That's the strongest in the universe.'

But Ymir still felt uncomfortable.

Was Lian's last blow a mere luck, or was it a leap to a new level?

'Come quickly.'

Ymir touched his fist and bent his head.

“I won’t be bored.”

Regression, round 293.

After blocking the solar wind, Sirone ran towards Nane at full speed again.

“Aaaaaaa!” 32 seconds faster than previous history.

'it's okay!'

That's enough.

"tree… …

But what caught Sirone's eyes

"Oh, no!"

“Quan Yin.”

The scene where Nane murders Amy while shedding tears of blood with a terrifying expression.

"Naneeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee

Sirone was shot.

Episode 678 Tea.

'more! faster!'

Time didn't matter anymore.

The problem was that my life was responding accurately to Sirone's time.

"please… …

When Sirone arrived with gritted teeth, he saw Nane putting their palms together.

“Great!”

Blood dripped down Nane's face as she lowered her head.

"why?"

Nane asked, and Sirone shouted.

"why!"

do you have to do this?

I have already lost loved ones hundreds of times, and killed loved ones hundreds of times.

“Sirone!”

Even Buddha suffered from evil.

“I'm not giving up! accept the ball! Do not leave any more pain in this world!”

“Aaaaaaa!”

Sirone flew to him.

2,469 Tea.

At the point where both time and space have changed, Yahweh and Buddha met again.

It was after Amy disappeared.

A distance that could be reached in an instant if you threw your body, the eyes of the two were terribly tired.

“Let’s compromise.”

Sirone said.

“I'd rather die. Save Amy. Just let me live in this world.”

Nane shook her head.

“I can’t. If you are separated from the outside world, your world will be perfect. But Sirone, what would you do if that world was stained with evil? Then there is only pain.”

“No matter what the situation is, it's what we chose. And I will definitely choose the good.”

“We are.”

I was bitter.

“Are you not alone?”

Sirone gritted his teeth and clenched his fists.

“… … I will fight.”

“Neither do I.”

The compromise was broken.

6,579 Tea.

Sirone was already crying.

“Ahh… …

It was repeated so many times that now it seemed that the heart was made of nothing but sadness.

'I can't.'

To be honest, I didn't want to go.

This is because even if you experience it once, you can no longer bear the pain of tearing your heart.

'I don't want to see it.'

I also had the same thought.

'Don't come.'

please don't come here

Every time the time of collision approached, Nane's hands began to tremble.

'… … Should I kill him?'

Again.

It's always a new past, but it felt like the smell of blood was coming from my hands.

The smell of the woman you love.

Yahweh and Buddha asked themselves at the same moment.

'Should I quit?'

However, the aftermath would be the end of the entire human race, not just him.

“I can’t give up.”

Both of their expressions contorted at the same time.

"me : yes!"

The moment Sirone charged at the speed of light, Dainichi Nyorai's palms met.

I closed my eyes tight

'Damn it... …

three years

Sirone burst into tears.

“Aaaaaaa!”

tree customs.

Louver asked.

“You look sad.”

Nane, who remained in the temple, blinked as if lost in thought.

“… … It's just an illusion.”

Even this heart that hurts like crazy.

'But my pain is the pain of rebirth. This world has already been stained with evil.'

Civilization was wiped out, and only people who had become charcoal like fossils remained in the remaining places.

those who cannot die.

“Death Field. That's terrible. I'm glad there are many returned to my hands. Is there no way?”

Louver lowered his head at God's question.

“I will have Mong-a inject the death of Samong. You will have to choose between suffering and disengagement.”

It was a dream in which access was forbidden under normal circumstances, directly experiencing death.

I was bitter.

“Is it still a choice?”

“Because you can't directly touch the user's code. But a lot of time has already passed. Users should now realize what the consequences of staining the world with evil are.”

“… … enforce it.”

When Louver looked back at Mong-ah, the pale child's face turned disgusting like a monster.

- Dream code, Samong.

puck! puck! puck!

The black doll started to turn to ashes at the same time as the signal went in on the Drimo.

He chose to leave.

“Immediate color.”

Looking back at the world with nothing, I said you.

“The color immediately.”

“Whoa.”

A white-haired woman was left at the place where the corpses of the demons spread all the way to the horizon.

Jecheon Daeseong Son Yoo-jeong.

“It really never ends. Everyone is dead, so what are you so upset about?”

Perhaps the demons needed something other than humans to be angry with.

“The next area… …

That moment when she, who had burned her body, flies above the ground exhaling dark clouds.

“What?”

As if holding on to the air, she stopped with her face and landed with her clothes on.

puck! puck! puck!

The burned charcoals, which retained their human form, were rapidly turning to ashes.

'Everyone is leaving.'

Son Yoo-jung exhaled a long breath.

'It has to be.'

She was well aware of how painful it was after being hit by the Death Field several times.

As she was about to leave again, she frowned and turned around with a surprised expression.

“That… …

In the place where everyone was scattered to ashes, only one body remained in shape.

'Can you stand it?'

I was even more surprised when I checked it up close.

'young.'

The body in a crouching position was at most 7 or 8 years old.

'How long I want to live.'

I reached out my hand with a sad expression, but then the hard charcoal started to tremble.

A sign not to touch.

'I'm not young.'

Even though he was young in body, his mental power was strong enough that even Son Yu-jeong stuck out his tongue.

'There must be a reason.'

Standing behind her back, she lowered her head.

“Good luck.”

As she moved away, her trembling body slowly began to calm down.

Wizard gritted his teeth.

'Not yet.'

My whole body burned with every breath, but it was the only way to escape Satan's gaze.

'Habits. The reason why the atrocious chaos was able to break away from the law is probably... …

It seems to be using some kind of divine authority.

It was the conclusion drawn by a transcendent genius who mastered all five systems of the universe.

'God is not. Because God never calculates like this. It's like... …

Like a spoiled son who uses parental authority personally.

'That must be the theory.'

So, the Wizard used Havitz's mind to bind him to this world.

'I can't stimulate it clumsily.'

He is different from God, so he will even read taboos in order to win.

'If this authority is blocked, use that authority. They will manipulate everything and destroy humanity.'

The speed at which his abilities rise 'to a level equal to or exceeding mine. Therefore, after sticking with Harvits now, I feel '

It's like creating a unique monster.

'I'll hold on.'

And he simulates all the situations he can respond to in his head.

'I overtake Satan's evolutionary speed. When that work is done... … I can feed a blow.'

Harvits will never know.

'Super Gong.'

With 1 missing frame.

“Five minutes before departure!”

The resistance fighters on the ground glared at the demons shimmering through the dust wind.

Everyone was gathered, except for those who were in charge of guarding key figures like Kira, a resident of the Ivory Tower.

Canis, who was placed in the back row, held Arin's hand.

Arin, who felt his hand for a moment, turned his head with a determined expression.

“Kanis, I thought about it and we… …

"doesn't care. Siblings or whatever, it doesn't matter to me.”

Arin's expression turned sad.

“You can do it, brother.”

"huh?"

“All I want is for you to be happy. From Radum, I prayed and prayed only for that. so… …

Kanis smiled.

“I will always be by your side. as a brother.” Arin confirmed Kanis' sincerity through her menarche.

'ah?… ”

The face filled with light was the same as that of Canis, who had no brother.

'This is Canis.' such confidence.

Seeing her face for the first time, Arin nodded while holding Kanis' hand tightly.

« O ” Heh.

Harvest is up.

“Quack.”

A shadow embracing the shoulders of the two with arms as long as spears aimed forward.

“Now, this is the final battle.”

A large army of demons was rushing in through the dusty curtain.

Two days of reality have passed.

The resistance of the resistance was desperate, but the number of demons increased.

Even the cool-headed Lufist was annoyed.

'Too many.'

No, the original number was piled up as the foil peeled off.

'Satan's location cannot be tracked. Neither Jin's voice nor his gun are confused.'

Is it possible?

'I'm writing all the foul rules.'

At least, the reason why this world could not be closed without permission was because of the existence of the Wizard.

Aaaaaaa!

When I raised my head at the rumbling sound, the dragons were engaged in a dogfight with Terra Force.

'Support is impossible.'

It was a trend that thin ice, no dragon was pushed.

"uh?"

And everyone saw

“I-what is that?”

The sight of gray pouring in from the sky, like water freezing.

“Anticell?”

Although the size was much smaller than the first, the number of individuals seemed to exceed the trillions, circumstances, and years.

Doo doo doo! Doo doo doo!

As the Samantha's signal was connected, a fast-beating drum sound embroidered the sky.

It was a performance by Guitar Luman.

“Yeah---

Following Lin's voice, the song began.

- After sleeping in the morning, he told me I was lazy. omg sorry I've been playing all day and haven't had time to sleep, kid.

Her song even flowed into Panier's room in the basement of the temple.

- My daily routine of passing out while playing. The music doesn't end when you sleep. One billion on our side. I am the lord of the dawn hey!

“Hehehe.”

Panier couldn't help laughing even while the demons were infiltrating the underground.

'It's terrifying'

Resistance music, someday will be out of fashion.

'Now, singers are the best, these guys.' but i don't like it

'No, to be honest, I love it.

Regression, round 10,874.

“Hmm.”

Tormia Immigration Policy Director raised his glasses.

“They are Asian siblings who came in 16 years ago. Well, at that time, immigration policy was active.”

Sirone asked.

“Can I find the record?”

“Well, because it’s such a massive amount. It will probably take several days to find them all.”

“I have plenty of time.”

Indeed it was.

“Hmm, if that’s the case… …

The chief had a troublesome expression, but he couldn't refuse because he was a wizard.

Of course, it was a forged license made of material.

"excuse me… …

When the man in the hallway came in, the manager hurriedly stood up and bowed his head.

“Ah, magistrate.”

He was an Asian with black hair and black eyes, a rare sight in Tormia.

The administrator asked Sirone.

“Aren’t those siblings fraternal twins by any chance?”

“Do you know?”

“… … Come this way."

After following him into the administrative office, the secretary served tea and the conversation began.

“Why are you looking for those two?”

“I am not looking for anything. just… … I want to make sure they are her siblings. It is a personal matter.”

“It is important to me too.”

"yes?"

The magistrate raised his teacup and headed for the window.

“Well, a lot of time has passed. At that time, I immigrated from a small country called Min in the East. The civil war was in full swing. It is a battle for sovereignty between local lords.”

Sirone was listening.

“I was working as an immigration policy officer after I got a job. Still, the root is Min Kingdom, so I was keeping an eye on the situation there. Of course, it is now destroyed.”

"okay."

“A general got fraternal twins. Coincidentally, Yeongji was in a state of lightning. As a country that values ​​the lineage of its rulers, the general had to make a choice. Will he plan for the future by leaving his bloodline behind, or will he be sent far away to save his life?”

“Is that why you sent them to Tormia?” "no. The general intended to fight to the end. He was thinking of winning the war and handing over the estate. But his wife was against it. He was thinking of abandoning the estate and running away.”

Sirone realized that it was not unusual.

"if… … ”

the administrator asked.

“Do you know the word ‘shadow warrior’?”

"yes. In case of an emergency, someone similar to the leader will take the lead. to the east

It has been used a lot. ah." Sirone realized.

"yes. The general turned one of his twins into a shadow warrior without his wife's knowledge. Of course, her wife came over to Tormia completely unaware of that fact. I was the one who helped her emigrate back then.” “She got paid, but she’s a trend person, so I wanted to help as much as I could. Anyway, I got through the gate, but I don't know what happened after that. The facts about the shadow warriors were also revealed after the kingdom of Min was unified.”

"The child left in Min... … ?”

“After the general committed suicide, the child was beheaded.”

Now there was only one thing left.

“Then, among the women and men who have entered this place, which one is the shadow warrior?”

“Hmm.”

The administrator touched his chin.

“This is an issue that was an issue in Min Kingdom at the time. Considering his bloodline, he would have left the man behind, but the general committed suicide without revealing it. Perhaps the children who came here also died. It's embarrassing to say, but the King of Unification was so violent that he pursued him to the ends of the world in order to cut off his lineage. Maybe that's why he's ruined.”

After all, it is unknown who was the general's son.

'but.'

Sirone asked again.

“Then the children who came here are not siblings. Because one of them is a shadow warrior.”

"yes. That is the orthodoxy.”

It should be enough for two people.

“Yes, thank you.”

" if??????

When Sirone stood up, the magistrate asked.

“Do you know them?”

It wouldn't matter what he said, but Sirone smiled and shook his head.

"no."

They're just friends.

Leaving behind the nodding administrator, Sirone left the office.

“Whoa.”

I was a little relieved.

'I'm so glad. Canis, Arin.'

At the Pyramid of Truth, the two of them endured the wave of phosphorus with all their hearts.

The reason the scenes were fragmented, perhaps, was that God manipulated their cause.

'You guys won.'

I missed you.

While experiencing more than 10,000 regressions, the mind was completely exhausted.

'I can't fight.'

At some point, he stopped regressing.

'Anymore… … I can't watch Amy die.'

A life of just living in an illusion, meeting close people or tracking back stories.

But even in the midst of that, there was a person who could never be found.

Karmis Amy.

'Shall we go?'

The moment I met her, the moment I saw her alive, everything would collapse.

'I miss you.'

But I missed you so much.

Just by imagining it, it feels like cool water seeping into my already dried up mind.

"ah… …

Sirone headed towards it without realizing it.

“Amy.”

Alpheas Magic School.

While walking around the park looking for Amy, Sirone saw her sitting on a bench.

Her heart was pounding involuntarily at the sight of her back with her red hair in a tight ponytail.

'Okay, let's meet.'

The moment you try to step out like that, far away

Seriel waved her hand and came running.

“Amy!”

As if he had committed a crime, Sirone

He hurriedly hid behind a tree.

I heard Amy's voice.

"what? Why are you so late?”

"lol! sorry! I overslept.”

"anyway."

They met with difficulty in their busy schedules and expressed their grievances in the senior class.

“The end-of-month evaluation is a problem. Especially in person-to-person combat. Since points are at stake, I feel like I’m getting awkward even after having a good time.”

Seriel grinned.

“Hee hee, I know.”

" what?''

“Are you worried about getting into a fight with Sirone? What if things get awkward?”

“Wow, what are you talking about? Where are the private feelings in the test? I don’t get mad about that.”

“Who said what? What to do if Sirone gets upset, that's the problem."

“Sirone!”

Amy stopped talking.

“Are you really going to pout?”

“Hmm.”

Seriel was also serious in front of her friends.

“Tell me honestly. Sirone, is this a test? If you think exams are really important... …

"i like you."

Amy was also honest.

“I like it. that's why it's complicated I'm just nervous and excited when I'm with you. honestly what... …

“Can I kiss you?”

"okay. Oh, but I absolutely hate doing it first. It's not that I hate Sirone, that... …

“I know how it feels.”

Seriel's eyes flashed with worry as she said that.

'Should I tell you?'

the fermi.

Amy tilted her head.

"what? How come you seem to be more troubled than me? Are you dating someone?”

"no. It's not like that... …

The conflicted Seriel laughed bitterly.

“I'll tell you later. later." In the end, Sirone never met Amy.

'thank god.'

It was because just hearing the voice was about to break all my will.

'Why didn't I know?'

No, I knew it at the time, but the feelings I have now cannot be explained in words.

'I shouldn't have gone to see you.'

I shouldn't have thought that I couldn't love more here.

“I’m going to get you! I will definitely save you!”

I felt like I would really give up everything if I didn't hold on to that hope.

“Amy.”

A name that can be exchanged for life.

“Amy.”

the shape of my heart.

"no way… …

Sirone stopped walking.

“Huh.”

As if I had realized it for the first time, I felt the world without her so vividly.

“Uh uh uh uh uh.”

I couldn't help but cry like an idiot.

Miro's eyes turned alive.

“Come on!”

Beyond the endlessly influx of demons, Satan with a black body was laughing.

“What a boring woman you are.”

Harvitz extended a hand and instructed.

“Go, my dogs.”

“Aaaaaa! charge!"

If you disobey the order, it will be eternal pain, so the demons turned on the light in their eyes and moved forward.

The incarnation of Guanyin with a Thousand Arms struck down the demons like lightning, but there were too many of them.

"this??????!"

When Habitz activated the Death Field, thousands of demons burst into flames.

“Gaaaaa!”

Since Satan had already lost the concept of an ally, the radius was the entire land.

“Huh!”

Even the incarnation of Thousand Hands Guanyin turned into black charcoal and delivered terrible pain to Miro.

'What's with all this?'

purely on their own.

If Nane fought with rightness, then Havitz was completely wrong.

"What are you doing? Said it was good?”

When Miro raised his head, Havits was approaching before he knew it.

“The villain captain is here.” Her faceless silhouette mocked her with her arms outstretched and waving her hips.

“Yaaaa!”

The incarnation of the Thousand-Handed Guanyin inflicted tremendous blows, but only pain was felt.

Miro gritted his teeth and stepped back.

“Huh.”

There was no thought other than the trembling of the hands rising from the smoke, and the pain.

'How can I beat this?'

"What are you doing?"

At the bottom of Satan's crown, his mouth went wide open.

“If we don’t fight, will we play with it?”

"this??????

Sparks fly in Miro's eyes again.

“Bastard!”

The incarnation of the Thousand Arms Guanshiyin, who was very angry, inflicted 30 million hits on Satan.

IZ IZ IZ TZ TZ IZ I

It was a miracle achieved through the segmentation of time, but what came back was pain equivalent to that.

"Ah ah ah ah ah!"

Miro let out a scream.

“Puhahaha! What is that? What polar line is that? Are you the same as any other human?” She was not aware of Satan's change, which gradually became the tone of a child.

'I'm angry.'

why can't you win

'It's said to be extreme and atrocious.'

If each other defines each other, then at least you should be able to fight the ball like a child.

Miro shouted as he knelt down.

"why! Why are you doing that!”

Havitz's answer to the question without context was only one.

“Because it’s fun.”

His body gradually grew to a size of several tens of meters and lifted his feet.

“This is a giant figure.”

Miro's face turned pale at Satan's ability to manipulate the world at will.

“I’ll pierce your mouth.”

Harvits said as she lowered her foot.

“Because I want to hear you beg to die.”

At that moment, the enormous air pressure, as if the whole sky was pouring down, pressed him down.

Cuckoo Cuckoo Cuckoo!

"??????uh?"

I try to hold on, but I don't think I can hold on in the end.

“Huh?”

Such an overwhelming scale.

As Satan, who had hastily reduced in size, crouched down, everything on the ground was crushed.

coup

The demons within the radius were crushed and crushed, and only Habits was standing.

“Big.”

Gaold was walking slowly.

“Taesung is strong.”

If the durability of the planet was normal, the area would have already turned into a sea of ​​lava.

The next moment, Luman's guitar playing in the sky began to change to heavy metal.

"ah?… ”

It may have been a mere coincidence, but Miro automatically recalled the life of a man who had arrived in the previous chapter.

“Gaold.”

As he passed the maze, he coldly lowered his gaze.

“Are you going to leave me alone?”

“No, that… …

Seeing Miro's flustered appearance for the first time, Gaold smiled and moved on.

“Leave it to me.”

Harvits spat out ferociously.

“How dare you surprise me? If you mess around one more time, I'll set you on fire. You will suffer eternal torment.”

“Eternal pain? fire?"

Gaold's teeth clenched tightly.

“Good.”

The corner of his mouth was torn upward, and the stoic spirit of the great heat hell completely changed the scenery.

"That's my major."

FIRE RURRR!

Havitz silently watched as the fire caught on his fingertips and toes.

"huh? this… …

At that moment, I felt a hot pain.

“Aaaaaa! it hurts! ah… … !”

Gaold's fist, which contained the power of the air press, flew away from Satan's body.

Every time Gaold advanced, hundreds of demons were crushed, and Satan charged again.

“I can’t be the only one who is sick!”

Gauld's face contorted as he stretched out his body and watched the flight.

“Che, cuckoo.” stupid guy

'I mean pain.'

The unprecedented air press crushes the earth.

'I can't share it.'

An enormous explosion of flame occurred due to the frictional force of the ground compressed more than 10 meters.

Woooooooooooooooooooooooooh!

Even at the moment when the flames of the flames surged, Miro was immersed in his own thoughts.

'why?'

What is the reason why atrocities that do not reach the level of extreme good are subjected to the level of human beings?

Justice Terraforce said:

-You cannot defeat evil alone.

'And again... …

- Winning is also an evil methodology. When everything between good and evil interlocks, humanity will make the final choice. You have to endure until then. The flames were cut off in front of my eyes.

"uh?"

When Miro turned her head, Sein, Kang Nan, Thing and Zulu were walking towards them.

"you… …

Sein held out his hand.

“I just found it. Not you, of course, but Satan.”

Unable to respond to the bony joke, Miro looked beyond them.

= = G： TZ： I三 |

1~r?I~rr!

An army of men was running.