Participation (1)

Uorin left Aganos, the imperial castle, wearing a shabby robe.

There was not even an attendant to help her, and only Kido, who would protect her life, was following her side.

An explosion was heard in the distance.

“Is the negotiation broken?”

Kido took off his hood and looked up at the sky toward the front gate of Aganos.

Wu Lin did not stop walking.

“I wouldn’t have even tried. To be precise, Havitz is doing whatever he wants.”

Havitz's chaos is the height of contingency, going wild outside the laws of the world.

Kido followed Uorin and asked.

“If it is impossible to predict Harvitz, what is a fixed future?”

“The law is a collection of ideas. Outside the law is chaos. Ideas and chaos interlock to produce specific results. Therefore, even Havitz has a certain future... …

“It means that the law cannot calculate how you will arrive at that future.”

Uorin nodded.

“The world has already lost control. The wheel of good and evil is spinning rapidly around humans. The end of the world is not far away.”

“But why are you… …

Kido stopped talking and closed his mouth.

'The world is coming to an end.'

In a ruined world with nothing to gain, what does Uorin want to leave behind?

A woman's voice was heard from the sky.

“The Empress.”

A person wearing a white owl mask circled through the air and landed in front of them.

When the mask was removed, the face of a pale woman with thick eyes was revealed.

It was Yula, the leader of Poongjang.

“How is it?”

“Everywhere is blocked. Hell's army of over 10 million has completely shut down the capital.”

Currently, 99 Fengzhang, excluding her, are wandering around the capital looking for a way out.

"okay?… ”

As a shadow fell over Uorin's face, Kido tried to pretend to be strong.

“Hong, it doesn’t matter. It's not like you have to deal with 10 million people. Let’s break through the weakest side.”

“It’s already a shame that doesn’t mean anything like that. Where one could see a gap, Wu Lin cut her off.

"find. I will break through there.”

"All right."

Yula immediately flew up into the sky.

“Let’s go too. You have to get away from the imperial castle as much as possible. I have no choice but to blend in with the crowd.”

After leaving the alley, the demons were brutally trampling the Kashan people.

'This is hell.'

Demons flapping dark wings filled the sky, making it impossible to see even the sun.

"let's go."

Kido, who hid the spear in his robe, led Uorin.

'It's fortunate that there are many humans in the capital.' The demons' actions were horrifying, but if they were killing machines, they wouldn't have had time to escape.

"Help me! please… … !”

There is no one to help them.

But for Uo Rin, who once ruled Kashan, that earnest cry pierced her heart.

“Don’t think about anything. I'll think about it, so you just focus on walking.”

The movement of Kido moving out of the eyes of the demons was also tense.

“Hahaha! This is mine!”

A 2-meter-tall demon charged at them with an ax stained with blood.

"run!"

He kicked off the ground and started running, but wherever he went, demons were everywhere.

“Run away! run away!”

The Demons, who were the only ones among those who had given up on the lively prey, attacked all at once.

"damn!"

Kido, who had stopped running, fluttered his robe and took out the double-edged spear he had hidden.

“Stay there!”

Kido, who had shouted at Uorin, rolled on the ground and circled around at great speed.

The demons instantly turned into pieces.

“What, what?”

Demons who realized that they were not common runaways rushed in groups and narrowed the siege.

“Big!”

As if a machine were grinding them, the flesh of the demons mercilessly splattered outside the radius of Kido.

'There is no end.'

Even if it was a machine, it was a number that would be more than enough to damage the blade if it was changed to this extent.

“Kiddo!”

Hearing Uorin's voice, Kido caught sight of the rear through the rotating afterimages.

Three Demons were attacking Urin through Kido's Blade Hell.

"damn!"

As I slid forward on the floor and cut off their legs, the demon holding on to Uorin's clothes let out a scream.

“Kuaaaaa!”

When Uorin's face was revealed as her clothes were ripped off, the demons stopped moving.

“The Empress, the Empress!” A sacrifice that Satan so desires.

“Contact Headquarters!”

The moment the demons with wings kicked off the ground and flew into the sky, Kido's eyes widened.

“Yaaaaa!”

As the law of the earth was activated to the limit, dozens of demons were pulled into the ground.

“Keugh! this, this... … !”

Kido, who attracted the demons with gravity, rotated the double-edged spear at a terrifying speed.

Boo woo woo!

The afterimage of the blade revealed the shape of a sphere.

“Kuaaaaa!”

Like a fire moth jumping into a fire, the bodies of the demons that collided with the sphere of the blade were pulverized with a loud sound.

"ha! ha!"

When he stopped spinning and looked around, the demons nearby were annihilated.

Kido looked at Uorin.

" are you okay?"

"uh. But they will come back.” Kido took off his robe and said.

“First, put on my clothes. the face tells

surface… …

“The Empress.”

The people of Kashan, who were hiding all over the streets, approached with dazed expressions.

"really… … Are you the queen?” Wu Lin, who was looking at them with a pale face, bit her lip and avoided their gaze.

People were shocked because they heard rumors that Uorin would save Kashan by being handed over to Gustaf.

Kido narrowed his eyes and looked around.

'I can't bear to speak directly, but I can tell just by looking at his expression.'

They looked like they were asking questions.

Where are you going?

With no attendants and shabby clothes, where the hell are you going? The answer came spontaneously from each person's head.

'They're running away.'

Sensing the seriousness of the situation, Kido stood in front of Wu Orin and shouted.

“Get out of the way! I will kill anyone who gets in my way!”

Seeing the inaction of Kido who tore the demons to shreds, the residents faltered and retreated.

Even so, the reason why he couldn't escape was probably because of the anger boiling deep in his heart.

“Hahaha! Gathered over there! Enjoy your cut!”

A group of demons were coming from the block across the street with their menacing eyes on them.

"Follow me! hurry!"

Kido grabbed Uorin by the wrist and walked towards the people blocking his path.

'I have no choice but to kill him.'

Just as he was about to slash his throat while swinging his double-edged spear, the crowd split left and right like a lie.

“Go. We will buy time.”

Kido didn't understand their decision, but Uorin left without a word.

'Because I am the queen. Because it's a noble life.'

Their judgment to find even a single meaning at the end of despair is too foolish.

'I am above that foolishness.' If so, use it thoroughly. If everyone had a reason to live anyway, only I would think and act.

“Long live Her Majesty! Long live Kashan!” Behind the fleeing Uorin, the voices of the people being trampled by the demons could be heard.

'Havitz.'

Uorin gritted his teeth.

'Havitz!' The entire legacy of Theraje was being destroyed.

“Aaaaaaaaaa!”

Uorin clenched her fists tightly, looked up at the sky, and screamed.

The vast territory of Kashan was reflected in Sirone's eyes as he pierced the atmosphere.

'I do not have time. As close as possible.'

The glass sphere being restored with the material's ability finally melted and disappeared with the heat.

'That's it!'

At that point, Sirone spread her wings and flew with all her might towards Aganos, the golden castle of Kashan.

'It's amazing.'

Even though there were still 20 kilometers to go to the capital, the sight of the army of hell completely covering the sky and the earth was clearly visible.

“Commander! An airplane is coming!”

A red light lit up in the eyes of Vanessa, commander of the 3rd division of the 7th corps, at the report of the guards.

Wearing heavy armor reminiscent of a rhinoceros, he moved along, dragging a two-ton steel ball connected by a chain.

"Yahweh… …

The moment he checked Sirone's face, his rotted face was grotesquely crumpled.

“All troops go! Punish the abominable Yahweh!”

“Kiaaaaa!”

The demons, who had suddenly changed into faces of hatred and hatred, all jumped out, exposing their fangs.

Sirone realized that the ground was shaking even before the horizon was revealed.

'come.'

A group of black people who occupied the end and end of the field of view were rushing with tremendous force.

'philanthropy.'

I want to believe that there is no evil that cannot be repented of.

'A thousand times, ten thousand times, I can forgive. I can give you 100,000 or 1,000,000 chances.'

But if that blind love had distorted a child named Habitz... … .

'I have to teach you!'

As Sirone's eyes widened, the incarnation of the light angel soared high into the sky.

'What am I doing wrong.'

Angel's Punishment.

As soon as the archangel finished throwing the spear, the spear of light crashed into the ground.

Aaaaaang!

A huge crater was created at the place where the shock wave exploded, but tens of thousands of demons restored the space again.

“Khehehe! Yahweh! You're not good enough!”

When the voices of the demons were close enough to be heard, Sirone brought out the <Law Kill>.

'I won't run out of control.'

With the heart of Yahweh who loves everything.

'So how angry are you? Even half of the anger I have to deal with... …

even half of that.

“Enduring endlessly, splitting and splitting again.”

A piece of anger smaller than dust, a single particle of that anger... … .

“Even half and half!”

The <Spell> that escaped from Sirone's hand began to vibrate with a width of more than 10 meters.

“I want you to know something!”

Leaving Sirone's side, <Swordsman> let out a scream that seemed to tear the sky apart.

Aaaaaaaaaa!

A demon was the first to find it.

“Is that????

The moment I felt that something was flying, I heard the sound of demons breaking through from all directions.

Puff puff puff puff!

No one could see the trajectory of <Slaughter>.

“Kuaaaaa!”

Only the belated scream at the end of extinction echoed endlessly like a 4-dimensional space.

Vanessa shouted, clutching the handle of the mace.

"what's the matter!"

Every time the dark afterimage drew a zigzag line, the demons were falling.

Vanessa's shoulders trembled as she watched her subordinates being erased at the rate of a thousand per second.

'That's it?... "

A dark monster that seemed to reflect Yahweh's anger was roaming the battlefield.

The trembling voices of the brigade commanders were heard.

“Hey, Yahweh… …

Vanessa's eyes grew serious.

'We're getting scared.'

To Yahweh, not Buddha.

“Stop talking nonsense! This is proof that Yahweh is no different from us.

Wasn’t it!”

“Ugh, aaaaaa!”

All the demons lined up behind Vanessa started running away with frightened expressions.

Yaaaaaaaaaaaa!

<Law Kill> roared a second time, permanently losing Vanessa's hearing.

“Great!”

As the blade swept straight ahead, Vanessa swung her mace with all her might.

“Gagging!”

However, before the iron ball even floated in the air, <Swordsman> pierced through the middle of his chest.

Vanessa's eyes, as she collapsed on her knees, contained Sirone's wide wings.

“Even, run away… …

In an instant, Sirone passed by.

“Strike it.”

Vanessa mumbled helplessly as she fell face down on the ground.

“Hey Satan… …