[526] Helper (2)

Fermi wasn't too surprised.

Thinking that he was better than Enrique, Miro took Arius into the room.

“It's disappointing. I'm on vacation in the middle of the day, but I'm shutting myself in doing the dishes. I was going to make fun of you if you were doing something weird.”

“Doing stuff like that while on vacation isn’t particularly constructive. Why did you come?”

Miro, who was sitting on the sofa, turned around.

“You really remember? I saw it when I was three years old. Geum-dong, gilt-dong, when called, he came running with a smile.”

“I have all the memories from when my brain was functioning.”

“You definitely look like your mother. Your dad doesn't even remember yesterday. Oh, then maybe bald... … .”

"ha."

Fermi was getting annoyed.

“Just tell me the point. Why are you here?”

“Did you hear that I went to heaven and came back?”

"I don't know."

Thinking that it was probably true, Miro took off Sirone's robe.

“Bad, how are you? Would that make you a little more interested?”

Fermi looked at Sirone's sleeping face for a moment, then turned to Miro.

“It looks old.”

In the middle of the senior class competition, Sirone gave up on the evaluation, and I haven't heard from him since.

“Sirone was in heaven too. We fought for the fate of the world. Don't you want to hear what happened?”

Fermi leaned back on the sofa as if bored.

“I am not interested.”

“Don’t do that, listen. In heaven, there is a strange creature called Anchera... … .”

"anyway."

Fermi stopped talking.

"Isn't that something Adrias can do on her own?"

Miro pursed his lips and smiled apologetically.

“Whether the world ends or not, I don't care what monsters live in other worlds. The same goes for Sirone. If I come back to school, I'll step on it, and if I don't come back, that's okay.”

"okay? But why did he enter the Alpheas Magic School?”

“What do you want to say?”

An unusual madness filled Fermi's eyes.

“It has nothing to do with you. The Adrias family is just a legacy of the ruined past.”

Before Fermi could speak, the Ardino family went through a lot of hardships, and 19 years later he became a regular outsider.

“I am sorry for the damage I caused. It's true. But it was an unavoidable choice.”

“Don’t get me wrong. I entered Alpheas to fulfill my personal goals. There are a lot of things that make money.”

Miro got his smile back.

“Then, why don’t you try your best to achieve that goal this time?”

Like a cat hiding its claws, Fermi's madness vanished within an instant.

It would be Ardino's unique temperament to change his posture in front of money, but Miro couldn't get rid of the thought that he was trying hard.

“I’m not the kind of person who refuses to trade. However, if the other person is an aunt, I think there will be a condition.”

"say it."

Fermi pointed to the floor.

“If you kneel before me and plead for fault, think about it. First of all, since I am also from the Ardino family, I can’t arbitrarily trade, can I?”

“It's easy.”

Miro was sincere.

“It's not that hard to get down on your knees. If it's Adrias' bloodline, you can change your heart like flipping the palm of your hand. So I want to ask you something.”

"What?"

“Do you think there will be a difference between kneeling before you and killing you right here and now?”

“… … .”

There will be no difference.

The Adrias Miro he knows is a human being who is not bound by anything.

"haha!"

Fermi smiled broadly as if he had never done that.

"just joke. Could I have my aunt do that? But you will definitely get the price of the deal.”

“That’s all. Even after all this, I asked a very cool person as a sponsor.”

“It is nice to hear that. So let's get started. What can I help you with?”

Miro told Uorin exactly what he had said, and even confided in Uorin's conclusion.

“Hmm, it’s called collateral extraction.”

Like a brilliant genius, Fermi understood right away.

Also, I had a hunch that it would be a huge deal as much as the name of Miro and Theraze.

“I feel a little bit motivated.”

It was fortunate that Fermi was motivated.

In addition to Fermi's ability, what Miro wanted was the vast magical knowledge possessed by the Ardino family.

"Can you extract Sirone's magic?"

Instead of answering, Fermi raised his hand on the armrest.

Transactions in regulation out-of-pocket-depreciation.

Chips of various colors and patterns fell under Fermi's palm with a cheerful sound.

As the chips stood upright like towers, he tossed the top one into the air.

“Nice. What kind of magic is it?”

said Fermi, catching a falling chip.

“Summoning Magic Epoxy Tosca.”

"Ohh."

Miro received the chip Fermi threw.

In a mottled two-tone pattern, an insect resembling a spider was drawn on the central decal.

“It is a large insect that lives in Lake Tuscany. It attaches itself to the human spinal cord, secretes hallucinogens and sucks blood. In a state of hallucination, only the truth is told, and when it is forcibly torn off, it pours out strong acid and self-destructs, so even the bones disappear within 48 hours.”

“Perfect for crime.”

"Yes. Of course, I bought it from Wangseong officials. The magic that the boss needs is at a premium, so I bought it at a high price.”

“Can you extract any magic?”

Miro threw the chip and Fermi caught it again.

“Basically. Eating out or stealing someone else's magic follows complicated conditions or dangerous costs in the process of equivalent exchange. On the other hand, I don’t care about the conditions or the price.”

“Because it uses equivalent exchange itself as a tool.”

Fermi grinned like an idiot.

“Exactly. I am just a middleman who completes the rules, and when trading magic, the intentions of the seller and buyer must be reflected.”

Since the transfer side and the receiving side have already concluded an agreement, Fermi does not have any special conditions or fees.

“The medium that balances both sides is probably money. I roughly understood. So how do you measure the price?”

Fermi held out his left hand.

Regulations Excursion-Depreciation Transaction Agreement.

A piece of paper was implemented and caught.

“Price is based on the broker's reasonable judgment in the circumstances. Of course, perjury is impossible. If you set a price that loses rationality... … .”

“Because eating out itself doesn’t activate.”

"That's right. The beauty of this magic is that there are no conditions the broker has to fulfill. Ultimately, the decision is up to the parties. But there is a problem here too.”

“Are you talking about traders’ problems?”

"yes. For example, there are elements like 'regret' or 'remorse'. Permanently transferring someone else's magic entails a risk beyond its magical value.”

"That's why depreciation was applied."

“The conclusion we came to after much thought was that we had to create the possibility of 'breaking the contract'. If we can go back to the way it was before the contract, customers’ anxiety will be lessened and the rule of eating out will be stronger.”

Fermi set the trading contract down on the table.

“If the value of magic A is 100 gold for a month's rental, the depreciation is calculated according to the contract period. For example, if it's 3 months, it's 60 gold for the second month, 30 gold for the third month, and so on. It can be transferred, as well as destroyed, and extended.”

A smile appeared on Miro's lips as he examined the contract.

Depreciation makes any transaction possible within reasonable limits.

"good. When that value is set, what's left next?”

“We have to set a fee. I set a fee for all funds going in and out of my clients. Between 1 percent and 99 percent.”

“Ku-k-k-k-k.”

Miro lowered his head and burst into laughter.

The value of magic cannot be perjured, but Fermi can feed Fermi as much as he wants.

Of course it was natural.

Because there is no one who makes this type of eating out for the good of others.

In addition, by arbitrarily setting commissions, it was possible to induce a situation in which both sellers and buyers could swing.

"I knew it. To be honest, I tried to think that if it wasn't this much, the Ardino family was finished. Now, shall we listen? How much is the value of the Valhalla action you judged?”

Fermi rested his chin and was lost in thought.

Perjury is impossible, and only the truly believed numbers should be put forward as values.

Judging that there was no further calculation, Fermi slowly opened his mouth.

“100 billion gold.”

Arius swallowed.

The other day, when I was going to steal Ataraxia and sell it to Zeon, I remembered that I was going to hand it over on the condition of standing in Theraje's line in addition to 4 billion gold.

Of course, standing in Theraje's line is much more valuable than 4 billion gold, and Fermi's criteria for valuing are 'according to the situation', but even so, 100 billion gold was an amount I hadn't even thought of. .

'Well, from an expert's point of view, that would be the case.'

It was Arius who thought that he should never do business even later, but Fermi's barrel was much bigger than that.

“It is based on a three-year contract. 100 billion gold in year 1, 60 billion gold in year 2, 30 billion gold in year 3. If it is a transaction worth about 200 billion gold, you can extract Valhalla action.”

Miro wasn't particularly surprised.

It is quite understandable that the buyer, Theraze, would have handed out a blank check, and it was not the money going out of his wallet anyway.

"good. The fee is probably 99 percent?”

As if there was no need to ask, Fermi shrugged.

“Then we write the contract. Then, when the signatures of the seller and the buyer are received, the transaction is complete.”

“I can go and get Theraze's autograph, but Sirone is currently in a moratorium, so I can't sign it. Isn’t he supposed to just hold it in his hand and wiggle it around?”

“Of course it is.”

“Then how do I sign?”

Fermi blinked.

“Why are you asking me that? My aunt has to take care of it.”

“Golden Dong.”

Miro said with a smile.

“Couldn't I have come here without finding a magic-extracting outsider? It's a big deal, but you have to take responsibility until the end. If you're a genius in the broker world, can't you find a way out of this situation?”

Miro floated as if he was determined, but Fermi was still agitated.

“How do I know something that my aunt doesn’t know?”

“No, you know.”

“Why do you think so?”

“Because Sirone explained the transaction of depreciation even after hearing about the moratorium. Does that mean there is a way?”

“Don’t overdo it. That way of speaking doesn’t put any pressure on the merchant at all.”

"okay? Shall I speak in the manner of a merchant?”

Miro leaned back in the chair, arms crossed and legs crossed.

“At first, I wondered why they made such magic. If it’s to make money, isn’t the Ardino family’s financial power sufficient?”

“It’s a guess again.”

“Keep listening. After all, what you want is top-notch magic. In other words, to use magic with astronomical value. Then it becomes clear, why did you create this magic?”

Fermi then looked back at the maze.

“There is only one thing missing from what you described. The condition you have to accept to arbitrarily set the fee.”

Miro said with a winner's smile.

“When a broker purchases chips for use, those funds must be paid for in fees accrued so far.”

'Sir... … !'

A sixty-two letter appeared in Fermi's head.

---------------------------------------