[372] Steel Gate (1)

“Are you here?”

As soon as Nade threw his bag, he jumped onto the sofa.

“Oh, I am tired. The road from the middle to the south is too rough.”

“I am from the capital.”

“Could I have come by car? I came here while starving and having to wait in the bathroom. If it was the carriage of the Mercodyne family, it would have been cheap while eating.”

“Or eat while cheap.”

“Enough! How are you anyway? Couldn’t it be that they betrayed you and did special training?”

Iruki did not deny it.

"Well, now that we've come this far, shouldn't I graduate too?"

Nade jumped up from the sofa.

"Really? Damn, what am I to do with you? what kind of magic Is it greater than cancellation?”

“It's still at the omnipotent level, so it's not the stage to call it magic. After all, you only have to complete it before the graduation exam. I'll tell you when the desired results come out.”

Every senior has a plan to keep their body rhythms at their peak on test day.

Just looking at Amy's case, I knew that no matter what the process was, the result was everything.

“Sheesh, that’s fine. I played a lot during vacation.”

Iruki looked back at Nade with a bitter look. Contrary to what she said, she wasn't particularly sad.

Even after entering her senior year, it was clear that she was still not interested in wizards.

“But you… … .”

"huh? what?"

Iruki shook his head and swallowed his words.

“No, nothing.”

“Sheesh! It's bland.”

The door that had been open opened more violently than before, and Sirone came in.

A smile bloomed on his face as he reunited with his good friends.

“Hey! Guys, what the hell is this smell!”

But the good mood was short-lived, and he immediately covered his nose and frowned.

The floor of the study group was littered with garbage. How the hell do those kids put up with this smell?

Nade and Iruki looked back at each other and giggled.

"sorry. It's been a while since I sprayed perfume. Was it that good?”

"shut up! Clean up first!”

The three of them each took a cleaning tool and started cleaning.

By the time the place that looked like a large garbage warehouse was almost clean, the time for the event was approaching.

Nade, who was lying on the sofa exhausted, looked up at the ceiling and asked.

“What time is it?”

"1 o'clock. I must prepare soon.”

Suddenly realizing, Sirone stood up from the sofa.

"right! I didn't come to conquer!"

“I came to you in the morning. Even you and Nade’s.”

Nade gave a thumbs up.

“Because it’s thorough as well. But do I have to wear it? I really hate wearing them.”

Conquest is a school uniform for magic schools, and it is forbidden to wear it except for special events, but students are reluctant to wear it even once a year because it is ridiculous.

“It’s not a graduation ceremony, it’s a conquest call for an entrance ceremony. I’d rather see myself applying hemorrhoids than wearing that and looking in the mirror.”

Sirone turned to Nade and asked.

“Are you hemorrhoids?”

“That's what it says! Let's get ready anyway. Hemorrhoids, no, where is my conquest?”

Iruki pointed to the corner. Three boxes were erected like a tower.

As each of them held a box with their name on it and unfolded their uniform, the white background with a line along the shoulder line fluttered like a ghost.

Wearing it will make you look like a wizard, but wearing a mask in a crowded place will be good for your mental health.

“Ugh, wearing this to meet Class Two kids? they don't wear Aren’t we being made fun of?”

“I can’t. Because that is the rule.”

Iruki was pretty good. He thought that it was enough to cover important parts of the clothes. Like the head, eyes, or heart.

Wearing uniforms over their clothes, the three stood side by side in front of the mirror. It was as if three mushy liquid monsters were standing there.

However, unlike the first thought, the expression was pious.

“Will we ever get a chance to wear this again?”

In the busy senior year schedule, there are few days to wear a uniform. In the end, it meant that if you failed the graduation exam, today would be the last time you would see yourself covered in soup.

Iruki said while flapping his sleeves longer than his arms.

“It won't be easy. After all, we lack information.”

Ned looked back in surprise.

"okay? I think you and Sirone will pass the exam well enough?”

“It’s a personal feeling, anyway, mathematically it’s 1/3. If there are Sirone, Dante, and Amy, two of them will be eliminated. If Sirone passes, Dante and Amy cannot graduate.”

Nade couldn't imagine their elimination in his head.

“Ah, would you? All three of them might pass.”

"That's because you've known three people. Originally, human beings think that the information they have is the most accurate. But when that happens, he has no one to drop out of. Even with a simple average, there are only 3.3 people per class. And besides, we're the lowest class three in our senior year.”

Nade didn't say anything.

Literally the pinnacle of magic school. The gap in skill was narrower than any other class, and it was a group that no one even thought about being eliminated.

Sirone said while shaking the wrinkles of her gown.

“If you want everyone to pass, you don’t need probabilities. Let’s go with the mindset of starting from the beginning.”

Sirone's words were correct.

All the courses taken while going through the low-level class to the advanced class are initialized. It was a real sword fight with 30 people ahead of the final gateway to becoming a wizard.

* * *

With 20 minutes left for the graduating class event, 10 students were walking from different paths toward Central Park.

Without exception, they wore uniforms and their eyes were more intense than usual.

The first to arrive, Sirone and the others greeted the classmates who will compete for the next year.

Students who are ranked within the top 10 in the overall score of practical, theoretical, and performance evaluations.

It felt like even the air was heavy with their aura coming from all directions.

Sirone (ranked 3rd overall in the advanced class) looked back on the road to the east.

Kanis (ranked 6th in the advanced class) and Arin (ranked 7th in the advanced class) were walking side by side.

The two of them faced each other when the Arcanes attacked, and they fought together in Heaven. Sirone knew better than anyone that their skills were not easy.

Canis met Sirone's eyes but turned away without speaking.

He already knew that there was no way that the 10 people who would be gathered here would pass the exam by arming their shoulders side by side.

Arin came in place of Canis.

“Hello Sirone?”

"Yes, bye. Did you have a good vacation?”

“Just what… … .”

Arin smiled shyly.

I kept my mouth shut, remembering Canis' words that I would be surprised to learn what they had accomplished during this vacation, but that I should never divulge it.

“Hey, are you together already? Aren't you nervous?"

Hearing the familiar voice, Sirone turned around.

On the southern road, Boyle (ranking 8th in the advanced class) and Pandora (ranking 9th in the advanced class) were walking side by side.

Pandora, who once gave a fart to Dante's party, but eventually got out of the way and seemed to hang out with Boyle again. Of course, we quarrel every time we meet, but it seems that we cannot ignore the affection we have had together since childhood.

'Boyle of Summoning Magic, Pandora of Fragrance Magic.'

Boyle had a history of losing to Dante, but his summoning magic was not at a level to be ignored.

Also, it would be quite difficult to tactically deal with Pandora's scent magic.

“Sirone, there you go.”

Nade pointed the way west.

Dante (ranked first in the advanced class) was at the head, followed by Closer and Sabina.

Seeing Dante roll up the sleeves of his conquest and secure them with pins, Sirone burst out laughing.

I felt it at the old castle site, but the desire to stand out seemed to be innate.

But for today, I couldn't help but pay more attention to Closer and Sabina.

As much as I heard that he had undergone hell training under the guidance of Vice Principal Olivia during the vacation, his eyes were definitely different.

Closer, who can freely form rocks, and Sabina, who scatters dozens of blow-type sharp winds per second.

At least you have to think that you are much stronger than in the 2,000 battles.

"huh? Why are the faces like that? It's a good day. Have a little laugh.”

Boyle said with a displeased look on his face as Dante raised his hand and walked away.

“What are you wearing? Don't you know that uniforms have to be worn according to the rules?”

Dante studied Boyle's style before answering. As before, his hair was oiled and parted, and the livery was ironed and sharpened.

"you… … Anyway, isn't it a bit harsh to catch each other? If you rub it, you will bleed.”

“How is this? neat and nice If you dress like that, your score may be lowered.”

“How about cutting it down a bit? All I have to do is pass the graduation exam anyway.”

While Dante and Boyle were bickering about fashion, Closer and Sabina also went to their respective errands.

The person Closer (ranked 4th in the advanced class overall score) was grinding his teeth the most was definitely Iruki (ranked 2nd in the overall score in the advanced class).

“It’s finally here, when will we meet again? Be nervous. Maybe every day is like hell.”

“I don’t think there’s any need to tell you if you don’t know. Are you sure you want me to teach you?”

“This child… … !”

Closer's eyes were filled with life. It was the first time in my life that a person called out to me with such a fist.

Unlike the bloody atmosphere of the two, a subtle air current flowed on the other side.

Sabina (ranked 5th in the advanced class) pondered over and over again and eventually talked to Nade (ranked 10th in the advanced class).

"hi? long time no see."

“Uh, yes.”

Nade's nonchalant attitude upset Sabina. No, I don't know.

I've dated numerous men in Baska, the capital, but the level of thrill was different from that.

'You must have a broken heart. Or I'm perverted.'

In any case, he couldn't retreat like this unless he could stop Nade from staring at him.

“Conquest too… … It suits you well.”

But all that came back was Nade's bitter smile.

To him, who had no intention of becoming a wizard, being told that conquest suited him only hurt.

Pandora, who was watching the scene from afar, snorted as if accusing him.

In the past, she had flattered Sabina all over the place, but she was confident that she couldn't be inferior to her now through hard training.

'Anyway, it's clever. It's already being designed, isn't it?'

When Sabina was lynched by Ned, Pandora, who spyed on her at the scene, guessed that Nade would be the biggest variable among the 10 people here.

Although they are in 10th place so far, if they show their true colors, the rankings will fluctuate.

“It looks like everyone has gathered now, but let’s start slowly. Finish quickly and take this off.”

Sirone wasn't the type to step out, and Dante led everyone.

So far, the grade of first place in the overall grade of the advanced class has also played an important role in moving the competitors.

Of course, from the moment you pass through the steel gate, the advanced class's rating will lose its meaning.

Class Three students headed to the senior class building.

On the slope of the uphill road, a magnificent steel door stood firm.

Below him, he could see the 10 members of Class 2 waiting side by side.

“Hey, juniors! Doesn't it come out quickly? Get completely out of it!”

“Conquest suits you well! Where are you going to the school festival? Fuhahaha!”

Boos that stimulated Class Three erupted.

It was a long tradition, and the pressure was far greater than rumor had it. However, no one in Class Three has changed their expression.

"joy! The senior is an asshole! From the senior year onwards, everything is the same anyway!”

Boyle gritted his teeth and murmured. He was also hypnotized by himself.

He shook his shoulder, which had developed a closer, and sped up his steps.

“Yes, talk as much as you like, dropouts. I’ll cook for you one by one from now on.”

Most of the students widened their eyes to avoid being overwhelmed by the momentum, but Dante was just bored.

After watching the reactions of his classmates, he turned his head to the other side and looked at Sirone.

'You're not nervous at all.'

The corner of the mouth slightly raised. His eyes sparkled with passion and excitement.

How could I not be thrilled? It was the scene in my imagination that even came out in my dreams.

The wizard's life that he so wanted. The final gateway is now ten steps ahead.

My heart pounded and my consciousness became hazy as if I was flying to another world.

"come in! come in and see! Do you think you can graduate? You are just my manure!”

“Hell is here, you children! Your life is over here!”

Sirone bit his molars and clenched his fists.

Wizard. Wizard. You will become a wizard!

'Yes, I'll gladly go into hell or whatever.'

With every step he took, the steel door, the symbol of intelligence, was shaking.

---------------------------------------