[256] Another Sky (6)

“Competition is not just a system to determine first place. It is a process of finding one's own while encountering numerous philosophies. Obsessing over rankings is foolish.”

Olivia looked at Dante pitifully.

There is no lie in Sirone's words. Changing the world is different from winning first place in a magic school.

Mackline Guffin, who is said to be the most powerful wizard in human history, even though he cannot even confirm his true identity.

And his chosen successor, Adrias Miro.

Even they had to make great sacrifices to protect this world.

“Can Dante become as strong as Sirone?”

“Everyone will be strong. All the students here.”

Olivia closed her eyes.

With this, the confrontation is over. And this was the end of the tough relationship between himself and Alpheas.

“I lost. I will resign my position as principal and leave the school.”

Alpheas said with a smirk.

“Is it okay if you stay as is?”

"What are you talking about? Your term of office will end soon anyway.”

“Stay at school and help me out. As I get older, it's hard to be alone. In other words, I want you to become the vice-principal of this school.”

Olivia's eyes were narrowed. 

To sympathize with yourself, who even served as the principal of the Royal Magic School. Also under the terribly hated Alpheas.

I was trying to bury it here. No matter what I do, I can't beat this snake, so I tried to forget it and live. 

However, it seemed that Alpheas could not stand it because he wanted to torment himself until the end.

Of course, the intention of the proposal can be guessed. If Jerome Olivia is a vice-principal, the school's reputation will rise in an instant. In addition, he made many innovations while staying here.

That's why you have to reject it all the more. 

He couldn't fall for Alpheas' trick to catch both fame and ability at the same time.

"consensus? I'm crazy? Why should I help you do that?”

Alpheas took out his trump card without hesitation.

"That night… … When you come... … .”

"stop! please!”

Olivia shouted, closing her eyes tightly.

Could there be such a cruel person in the world? What the hell is wrong with me?

I thought it was an opportunity to get revenge when a person I hadn't contacted for over 10 years suddenly came.

But now it was a thousand regrets that he couldn't return the day he came to visit him.

Tears welled up in Olivia's eyes.

"you… … Really selfish.”

Alpheas stopped joking and spoke seriously.

“Don’t do that, stay. When I'm free, let's have tea together and take care of the flower bed. and… … Say hello to Erina.”

Olivia's eyes lit up with flesh. Saying goodbye to his deceased wife, while she was obviously aware of her own feelings.

Why do I have to suffer this humiliation?

I just liked it. What did I do wrong that this human being wants to drop me to the end of hell?

“You really… … !”

Olivia, who was about to raise her voice, stopped talking when she saw Alpheas' eyes. A different emotion than before was revealed in his eyes.

“You, please… … .”

Alpheas shook his head. She knows Olivia will be disappointed, but he can't hurt her twice.

However, it was a clear fact that it was different from 30 years ago. Maybe it was.

“Don't get me wrong. Yeah, I know what you're thinking, but honestly I'm not sure. He may not be able to let go of Erina until he dies. I can't guarantee you anything.”

Olivia's eyes grew a little cold. But she wasn't like the first time.

“But why are you doing this? What could her dead wife get from me holding her heart? What, like a body? As you get older, does loneliness pierce your bones?”

Alpheas looked up at the sky.

“Maybe it could be. It is not a rational conclusion. I just thought that if it wasn't now, I wouldn't have another chance. That's all.”

Olivia put on a blank expression. Alpheas smiled shyly and said. Even if she thought about it, it was nonsense.

“Is this a bit selfish?”

Olivia shook her head.

"no. Do you know what it really is to be selfish? It's the first time you've been honest about your feelings.”

"Sorry. I couldn't help it either. It was then. You know, you couldn't help it."

Olivia took a long breath and thought.

“So what are you really asking me to do? Are you asking me to try hanging again at this age? Then, maybe you can accept it?"

“I still don’t know how to feel. No matter how long I live in the world, I don't know this. But I will try.”

Olivia forced herself to hold back the tears.

I should be angry at the selfish proposal, but the moment I heard that I was trying, I felt pathetic and miserable when I felt that the anger I had so far disappeared.

Olivia let out a deep sigh. Alpheas's words made some sense. To be honest, she didn't want to live a calculated life.

A second-class wizard. What is there to be afraid of in life when you have achieved everything you want to achieve?

It's enough to just leave your body as your emotions move and as time goes by. I thought it was an acceptable age.

“Take a tour of the library. Why don't you drink tea first.”

This time, Alfeas made a surprising expression. His wife lives in the library. She already knew that she was a fool, she was a woman, but she didn't know that she would drop everything again.

After reading Alpheas' thoughts, Olivia shook her finger.

“Don’t get me wrong. That's why I didn't accept the offer."

“Then why are you standing there?”

Olivia remembered something from long ago. Destroying Erina's portrait in front of Alfeas' eyes was a nightmare she could not forget even now.

“For Erina-san… … I have something to apologize for.”

A smile finally spread across Alpheas' face.

"However much. Shall we go then?”

When Alpheas left first, Olivia noticed the other teachers, cleared her throat once, and quickly followed.

Teachers were so dumbfounded.

I couldn't hear what they were talking about in detail, but since the confrontation was over, one of them expected that it would be four months.

However, whenever they fought to the death of their disciples, they stood side by side and left, and they were dumbfounded.

On the other hand, the kill line, which had been on the rise with Dante's interview, was hopeless. It can be seen as the birth of a new star, but the problem was his own future.

So far, Dante has monopolized the star. But in the end, he passed away, and now it was Sirone's world.

In the future, numerous correspondents will scramble to capture Sirone, so the competition rate will be no joke.

Also, their first elimination target was, of course, themselves.

Killine's eyes twinkled as she rolled her head. Now that she has become like this, she has no choice but to go big and lay the foundation for her later days.

When everyone else is trying to catch Sirone, he will bet against him and get the scoop.

Killline walked over to the video recorder. But when he arrived, the video recording device was lying on the floor.

She looked at me in bewilderment and asked with cold eyes.

"What happened? Why is this down?”

“Uh, that… … All the bracelets are broken. The video recording device is also linked. That way you can shoot battles. Then, at the end, he collapsed with a bang.”

The video archives shrugged as if it was force majeure.

Killline was about to shower her with swear words, but took a deep breath to calm herself.

Since the obscura is a sensitive object, there was a risk of breaking it even with a slight impact.

“Check it out quickly! I mean Obscura. Without it, we can't article anything.”

“Ah, I see.”

The video archive opened the body and looked inside.

After looking around for a while, he let out a sigh of relief and turned his head.

"are you okay. The Obscura is unharmed.”

Killine's heart rate finally returned to normal.

“Whoa, that’s good.”

After returning the students safely, Shiina finished her mission and approached.

"What happened? Any problem?”

The video archiver burst out laughing.

“Ahaha, that… … .”

Killline suddenly shouted.

"Unbelievable!"

It was the same behavior as a correspondent's instinct.

When the video archiver and Shiina looked back with puzzled expressions, she put on a sad expression.

“The Obscura is cracked. Corrupted Obscura cannot play video. In the end, I couldn’t contain anything.”

Shiina also let out a sigh of regret. Today's confrontation was high enough to become a textbook for many students.

The fact that the obscura containing the battle between Sirone and Dante was broken was a loss for the entire kingdom, apart from personal regret.

But at the same time, I also felt fortunate.

I heard that Principal Alfeas gave an order to destroy the black box to Sade.

Of course, what was contained in the Obscura is just a simple video, but since it has become like this, it was good to have a clear crackdown.

“Oh, that’s too bad. I'm sorry.”

Shiina half-truth and half-false words of consolation and left.

As she walked away, the video archiver looked back at the kill line as if asking what he was doing.

But nothing caught her eye. Only one thought filled her head.

The best correspondent for the Teachers' Association will always be you.

'Whoop whoop! Scoop, scoop!'

Truth Revealed (1)

A week has passed since the confrontation between Sirone and Dante.

Olivia was still serving as interim principal, and it was rumored that she would be reappointed as assistant principal starting next semester.

This was shocking news for the students.

Olivia is a 2nd class archmage.

It was unimaginable that he would work under Alpheas if he returned to the Royal Magic School.

But if the rumors are true, it's really exciting.

Starting with Alfeas, the personality, and Olivia, the best teacher in the kingdom, entering the school, the school's reputation would skyrocket.

Maybe that's why the atmosphere of the students was good even during the chaotic time with only one month left in the semester.

Olivia often went for walks with Alpheas.

Still, the two disagreed like fire and water, but I had never seen it turn into a major fight.

Olivia fired like fire, but whenever Alpheas said something, she shut her mouth as if she had been splashed with cold water.

Based on that fact, the teachers and students thought that Olivia must have found some weakness in Alfeas.

Today, Olivia had a leisurely time wandering around the campus with Alpheas.

Most of the curriculum was revised during the semester, so only the teachers were busy.

“I’m going to plant roses on this side.”

Olivia said, spreading her arms as if measuring the width of a flower bed.

Students passing by saw her and said hello.

“Hello, Principal Olivia!”

Olivia greeted them with a friendly smile.

“Okay, is class over?”

"yes. I am going to the library now.”

"I see. But since it’s practice time, can I not go to the training ground?”

“Ah, there was 2,000 classes today. I'm trying to condition myself. I didn’t know before, but now that the 2,000 is introduced, it seems to be difficult because of the practice period.”

“It could be. I'll make a suggestion at the teachers' meeting.”

"uh? really? thank you!"

The students ran away to the library in joy.

It was Olivia's educational policy to respond quickly to increase efficiency rather than adhere to grandiose philosophies.

"principal!"

Sade came running screaming from afar. Judging by the look on his face, it seemed like something big was going on.

However, Alpheas and Olivia, who had gone through all of the prenatal battles, were not worried in advance.

“What is it, Mr. Sade?”

Saad gasped for breath and swallowed before pulling out a magazine from his heel.

It was <Spirit>, a magazine published by the Teachers' Association.

Olivia belatedly sensed the situation.

Well, since an unknown student defeated Dante, the best in the kingdom, it seemed like he knew without even seeing how exaggerated it must have been.

---------------------------------------