[380] Volume 16 - The Meaning of Survival (2)

"Then I'm definitely a sirone."

Amy, who moved to the red team, gave high fives to Shirone, Iruki, and Nade in turn and settled down.

"Sheesh, I'm so eager to jump out. That's why freshmen can't do it.”

The screamer didn't like the fact that Sirone was the first to quit.

Even those who have been in the senior class for two or three years are cautious about choosing a team. In the midst of this, Sirone's sudden lifting of the team's flag was a disrespect for the ranks and a display of himself.

'By the way, that guy is a little better.'

The screamer turned to Dante.

Judging from the fact that they are still thinking about it, it seems that there is something in common between No. 1 and No. 1.

There's no change in being a guy you don't like, but putting emotions first in the evaluation was a shortcut to being eliminated.

“Hey, let’s join Fermi with me. I know because I did it last year. If it's Fermi, it's an unconditional victory. Of course, I won't be easy.”

Bringing in Dante can isolate Syrone. Then, more team members could be recruited.

“Hmm.”

Dante didn't even listen to the screamer's words.

He, who was lost in his thoughts alone, moved with his colleagues.

"let's go. I have decided.”

The screamer's face contorted.

Even Dante, who was said to be the best in the kingdom in terms of talent, was joining the team with Sirone.

'What the hell? Not even kids... … .'

When Dante, Canis, and Arin crossed the line and went to the red team, I was annoyed beyond absurd.

'What happened to your hair? Do you know what survival is? The answer would have come if I had only investigated last year's results.'

In last year's survival assessment, the ratio between the red team and the blue team was a whopping 22 to 8.

As a result, the choice of the majority was correct.

Of course, Fermi belonged to the 22, and he endured until the 5th stage to become the final survivor.

'it's annoying. To think I have to do this again.'

The screamer trembled.

The things you will experience in the Virtual Zone today are extreme situations that will not come out even in your dreams.

The difficulty level was prepared up to level 7, but there was no need to go there anyway.

I heard that there is only one person in the history of Alpheas Magic School who has passed the 7th level of survival.

Even that was just an unconfirmed fact.

“Oh no, yes. Become my score sacrifice. Let's go, Pony.”

The screamer turned around and headed for the blue team. Pony, who had been staring at Sirone for a while, followed.

With more students choosing teams, Boyle made a decision after much deliberation and told Pandora.

“I'm going with the blue team. you pick quickly Unless you want to hear later that you only put a fork on it.”

Pandora tilted her head.

"blue? Do you have any reason to be confident?”

“On my own. but i won't tell you Because I don’t want to influence your judgment.”

“It’s okay, tell me. I won't be swayed.”

Then Boyle looked around and whispered into Pandora's ear.

“As you know, survival is an event that evaluates self-denial. It’s not about skill or anything like that, it’s about patience.”

"however?"

“I heard that there is only one person in the history of the school who has completed survival. We probably won't make it to the end either. That’s why it’s best to leave it to someone who specializes in this and care about the record.”

“Hmm… … .”

“You know, Fermi was the last survivor for four years in a row.”

“I see what you mean. But if that's the case, Sirone isn't easy either. Because it's an unlocker. The mental intensity must be considerable. In fact, I showed good grades in cognition and judgment.”

Boyle let out a sad sigh.

Why did we set the difficulty level of survival assessment so high?

This is because if it is possible for even one person to endure, the confrontation itself will not be established in the first place.

If you can pass step 7 without fail, everyone will stick to that person unless you are an idiot, and the balance of the team eventually becomes 30 to 0.

Therefore, it is the same for Syrone and Fermina to be eliminated.

If so, it follows that Fermi, who has undergone a survival test for at least four years, has a much better advantage.

The fact that students from class 2 and above are heading to the blue team without any doubt also proves Boyle's thoughts.

“Well, you decide. Anyway, I'm going to Fermi.”

Boyle didn't say what he thought.

It's a value judgment anyway. They share information as they have learned together from a young age, but from the moment they try to convince them, the alliance system is bound to crack.

Pandora looked at Boyle as she entered the blue team.

She was also troubled, but as expected, it was Sirone who confirmed her ability with her own eyes.

The reason most of Class Three belonged to the red team was probably because they had similar thoughts to her.

“Ah, it’s either this or that anyway.”

Pandora followed Boyle to the blue team.

Even though it was a senior year without blood or tears, it was she who realized the importance of allies at the same time.

'If it's 50%, let's die together.'

By the time Pandora chose the blue team, the outlines of the team were beginning to emerge.

As expected, the students who did not get high grades in the evaluation were cautious until the end.

One of them was Maya.

She had been in the senior class for a long time, so she knew that it was advantageous to stick with Fermi.

'Um, I guess... … .'

Maya turned to see Fermi. Then he said the screamer on the blue team raised his chin.

“Hey, are you sure you want to come here?”

Collie spoke sternly.

“Screamer, outside pressure is prohibited in team selection.”

“I was just asking.”

“Warning. If you get another warning, you are eliminated.”

“Sheesh!”

The screamer clicked his tongue and turned his head. But this too was part of the calculation.

Maya is worth pushing away with a single warning.

So far, he has been in the same group as Maya in terms of strategy and tactics, so he has suffered severe loss of points.

If you become the same team here, the difference in points remains the same whether you win or lose, so you can't avoid being a team in strategy and tactics.

On the other hand, if the team split, and if he won, the gap of 40 points widened, so he was able to escape from the disgusting Maya.

'Please let's tear up here. You go to Class Three, and I go to Class One.'

Maya was depressed and moved to the red team.

Even if it wasn't external pressure, I didn't have the courage to become a team after seeing the hostile attitude of the screamer.

She approached Sirone.

Since he was the first to pick the red team, he thought it was the same as Sirone's team.

“Can you accept me?”

Sirone said with a bright smile.

"of course. Because it is advantageous to have more than one person. And I didn’t accept it, you chose our team.”

Iruki and Nade stepped back left and right and gave up their seats as if to ask them to come in.

It was a strategic decision to plant a sense of belonging in her, although she was angry at the screamer's grumpiness.

‘Self-denial is governed by psychology. It's important that even one person last longer.'

In the end, those with strong durability would remain, but being with a teammate could be a powerful weapon in itself.

“I want to go this way too.”

Dorothy entered the red team with sleepy eyes.

Then Luman followed, and the timid Suabi also moved cautiously, keeping an eye on him.

'Oh, is this surprising?'

Nade glanced sideways at the three people who had just entered.

It is highly likely that Dorothy was the motive for the judgment that Ruman, who did not like Sirone, chose the red team.

Of course, Dorothy was almost the only person Luman was close to, but it was necessary to reconsider that Suabi, who was indecisive and indecisive, immediately joined in.

'Some in Class Two have considerable confidence in Dorothy's judgment. That means... … Are you really a brain type like Iruki said?'

With everyone choosing a team, only Eider remained.

The trouble with being the youngest was the same in this situation.

The older brothers and older sisters who were usually close were divided into two teams, so I was worried about where to put the enemies.

'Hmm, where should I go to spread rumors that I've lined up well?'

Sirone was looking at him with a kind smile.

Eider, who felt a sense of trust as a team, also jumped there with a smile.

"hmm! hmm!"

Then the screamer covered his mouth and cleared his throat.

If they received one more warning, they would be eliminated, so they had no choice but to signal with a sound.

Fortunately, Eider turned his head to see if it worked.

Collie's eyes were keenly watching the crowd, so the screamer was distracted to pass the time.

'Screamer hyung... … .'

In the senior class, the person who pampered Eider the most was the screamer.

However, he took care of him as much as he did, so he was one of those people who should never be looked down upon.

After changing his mind, Eider bowed his head to everyone on the red team, then turned and ran to the blue team.

"teacher! sorry! I will change the team.”

Collie sighed.

However, it was not possible to give a warning only with a heart attack, so the procedure was eventually concluded.

Coincidentally, the members of the red team and the blue team were exactly 50-50, 15 to 15.

'Hmm, Park Bing. It's been quite a while.'

No, it was the first time since Fermi stood out in the survival test.

'Sirone's presence is that great.'

The advanced class and the senior class are completely different worlds, but the title of the kingdom's number one prospect was as strong as ever.

The title he won after defeating the former strongest Dante must have also played a role.

“Now that the team has been decided, let’s enter the Virtual Zone.”

As 30 people moved in groups to the center of the virtual zone, Collie followed them and explained.

“Listen, everyone. It is a life-and-death matter.”

The students of Class 3, which was their first survival test, looked especially nervous.

“Virtual Zone is not 2,000 times. It means that information is not converted into anti-magic and transmitted. The runes engraved on the floor borrow sophisticated magic engineering techniques to inject certain senses into your spirit zone as if they were real.”

If the body is under the control of the mind, it is not strange that a person locked in a cold storage room at room temperature freezes to death. But this time, it was a way to hit the information directly into the spirit zone, an extremely sensitive state of mind.

“No matter how virtual it is, it can put strain on the mind. Once you enter the survival test, your brain goes into a hemisphere state by shock. Therefore, it would be impossible to consciously leave the Virtual Zone.”

A dark shadow fell over Class Three's face.

“Especially from level 4 onwards, it is really dangerous, so the teachers will also check your condition through visions. However, as it is an official evaluation of the red line, you must remember that even if a dangerous situation arises, you will not be able to save it.”

Collie spread her two index fingers.

“There are two ways you can get out of the Virtual Zone. First, release the Spirit Zone. Second, if you can't unlock the Spirit Zone by all means, shout 'Toako'. be sure to remember It's Toako.”

Toako is a word that has no meaning, and was a randomly generated password for the survival test.

This is because using meaningful words leaves room for abuse in test situations.

“Teachers never respond to words that are not toako. Please help me, I give up, the Virtual Zone is strange, etc. It means that no matter what I say, I will not be able to save you.”

All the students in the graduating class showed their spleen eyes.

“What I want to ask you to do is do your best, but don’t be stubborn. This is just a rehearsal. Also, if you feel any abnormality after leaving the Virtual Zone, immediately speak up and receive mental treatment. Did you understand everything?”

"yes!"

The students' voices echoed through the mountains of the training ground.

---------------------------------------