[153] Second Encounter (2)

"It's true that you've come close. Just one kilometer ahead... … .”

Just as Amy was about to explain, a fireball burst out of the woods with a roaring noise.

“It’s a surprise! damage!"

Sirone's party scattered in different directions. The flames stuck to the ground consumed the air and grew in size before dissipating as heat.

“Fireball?”

“Amy! be careful!"

The 2nd and 3rd attacks flew at the same time.

But Amy didn't avoid it. Rather, she took a fighting stance and glared at the flames, then she pierced her fireballs with an equal number of flame strikes.

"come out! A cowardly surprise attack!”

“Your skills are quite good. It wasn't a fluke that I came this far."

Sirone and the others looked around the mountain path. A man walked out of the forest. He was similar in height to Lian, but had a slender body that felt agile.

Even though he doesn't have eyebrows, his confidence with his hair swept back all back, and his pale expression resemble a snake.

“Who are you?”

“The vice-captain of the parrot mercenary. Agado Freeman.”

At the word vice-captain, a feeling of tension appeared on the faces of Sirone and the others. However, on the contrary, it also meant that the destination was not far away.

"Sirone, I'll take care of this. When I signal, take Lian and Tess to the cliff.”

“I can’t. It's too dangerous.”

“Then what about you? Did you forget you jumped into the trap by yourself? Are you going to keep ignoring me like this?”

“I am not ignoring it. He's not alone. About 20 people are lurking in the forest.”

Amy had already been identified as the Spirit Zone. But that's why she wants to send Shirone first.

If you get caught here, it will only be like buying time for reinforcements to come from the 1st gateway.

Amy, trying to convince Sirone, raised her hand and pointed at Freeman.

“Sirone, look at that man's weapon. That's it.”

Sirone also turned his head and looked carefully. He was clearly holding a weapon that looked exactly like the one in the book.

Spirit bullets shot with a bow require replacing the head, but the gun was a weapon specially manufactured to use only spirit bullets.

It is a device that loads a small amount of magic bullets and shoots them forward. Looking at the design, it was a revolver that could fire continuously by rotating the cylinder.

"okay? Do you know what a gun is? It can change ammunition faster than arrows, and it is a direct fire weapon. Unlike arrows that explode after impact, they are specialized for mid- to long-range combat because they are fired while they are already manifested. Probably all the guys hiding in the forest are using that weapon.”

Sirone understood Amy's meaning.

"okay. Then I'll leave this to you."

Ryan and Tess looked back with puzzled eyes. I heard the explanation of the gun, but the more I thought, the more dangerous it was. But why would Sirone change her mind and leave her Amy alone?

“I'll buy you time so they don't chase you with the fire wall. Break through the gap.”

"okay. Ryan, Tess, get ready.”

If it was Sirone's judgment, Lian only followed. It didn't feel right to leave his colleague alone, but it wasn't a situation to waste time debating, so Tess gulped and prepared to jump out.

“Now! go!"

After concentrating her mind, Amy opened her eyes and shouted. As Sirone ran in her direction, Lian and Tess followed her on the left and right.

As expected, fireworks using guns flew from all directions in the forest.

Amy casts a fire wall in the form of a huge circle. 

The ground started to boil like porridge, and the flames that started under my feet ran with a terrifying force and penetrated the forest.

Then, as he amplified his mental power, the fire barrier burned wildly, blocking the enemies' view.

At the same time, Sirone grabbed Lian and Tess and deployed space movement. Although the range was shorter than that of high-ranking wizards, it was effective enough for the purpose of disappearing in front of enemies.

Upon hearing the noise of space movement, Amy stopped casting Fire Wall and gasped for breath.

The Fire Wall, which is called a magic-eating insectivore, had to keep pouring mental energy to maintain the barrier.

The reason why it was not overpowered despite its strong power was because the cost consumed during casting was too expensive.

But Freeman was genuinely impressed. The girl standing in front of me was only a teenager. 

As far as he knew, very few wizards at that age could cast a fire wall of this magnitude.

“It is extraordinary. Sacrificing for your comrades.”

"joy! It sounds like a sacrifice. I sent it because I was enough alone.”

"is it? You must be pretty tired. I'm sorry, but this side is also in a hurry, so I can't wait.”

When Freeman's words ran out, his subordinates appeared.

The fact that no one could put out the fire burning in the forest was proof that there were no wizards among them. However, they were all schema users, and like Freeman, they had guns.

A combat method that mixes schema and magic. On the battlefield, these people are called gunners.

Although she had never watched Gunner's fight, Amy could have predicted it. This is because she herself can use her ranged magic ability and schema at the same time.

Freeman's men opened the cylinder and filled it with magic bullets. At least six magic bullets seemed to enter the cylinder.

A total of twelve rounds of magic can be equipped on both sides, and the number of enemies is 20. Therefore, the cycle of reloading the enemy's firepower was said to be 240 magic bullets.

"I'm sorry, but your immature adventure ends here."

When Freeman's horse ran out, his men raised their guns.

Certainly, the subordinates were different from those led by Falcoa, perhaps depending on the captain.

He didn't show any carelessness or curiosity, and was only focused on eliminating the opponent.

Amy burst out laughing. Of course, it must be because Sirone played an active role in this battle, but he did not expect that the evaluation of himself would be so low.

"You're going to shoot me out with only 20 people?"

Amy cast her magic while pulling her legs together as if she were tightening her belly.

A gust of wind blew, and fist-sized stones floated around her, clattering and igniting.

“You picked the wrong opponent this time.”

Amy's eyes burned red.

* * *

Tess kept looking back even as she ran. He trusted Sirone's words and followed them, but no matter how much he thought about it, it was a reckless operation.

Even though Gunners were inferior in firepower to wizards, they were those with physical abilities comparable to swordsmen.

The thought of Amy fighting in the midst of such people made her stomach burn.

“Sirone, how about going back now? I'm worried about Amy."

"It will be fine. If you drag out time, you will be at a disadvantage. The troops that survived the 1st gateway might come after them. The priority is to somehow get to the hideout quickly.”

“I know that, but what about Amy? Wouldn't it have been better for you to defeat the enemies and come?"

Seeing through Tess' thoughts, Sirone smiled bitterly.

"it is not so. A mage's skill is not simply evaluated by power. It depends on the situation and it depends on the series. When dealing with Gunners, Amy will be many times stronger than me.”

Tess looked incredulous.

Of course, I know that she is in her senior year, but Sirone's dance that I saw after arriving here was truly amazing.

Could there really be a situation where you can become several times stronger than Sirone?

“Can you? No matter how talented you are, there is a numerical advantage.”

As a swordsman, Tess focused on physical strength.

Of course, the total amount of physical force calculated as numbers in battle was an important issue.

But when it comes to magic, things are a little different.

The number of enemies was not so important to the magician who used numerous phenomena through the combination of omniscience and omnipotence.

Rather, what they focus on is the excellent calculation ability that induces the situation to reveal the best efficiency of the ability they have honed.

“The characteristics of a photon and that of a flame are different. In addition, the organs of the four ways are different. Amy is a mage who specializes in distance. It's because it can maximize Hong's strength. No matter how strong her enemies may be, if Amy takes on them in her realm... … .”

Sirone said confidently.

“No matter how many numbers you have, you can never beat Amy.”

Tess swallowed. Normally, when dealing with Sirone and Amy, it feels like taking care of a stubborn and immature younger brother, but in real life, they are as cold as ice.

“You guys are really great. How can you break it just like that?”

“That is Tess misunderstanding. I think Tess is amazing.”

"tooth. what am i In fact, you destroyed the castle, and I didn’t even help.”

Sirone didn't think so. Anyway, the proficiency of the swordsman and the wizard are inevitably different from the beginning. 

In the mental field, there are many people who show achievements beyond their age, but swordsmen who need to be supported by physical growth come to prominence relatively late.

Tess and Lian will grow stronger in the future. And with a single sword loaded with faith, he was going to walk his own path.

“Sirone, we have arrived.”

After leaving the forest, the scenery of the blue sea was revealed beyond the cliff of heavenly blessing.

A brick house was visible on the eastern side of the cliff. Perhaps that place was a hideout. But to get there, they had to go through the final gateway.

The leader of the action, Falcoa, was waiting for Sirone and the others.

Tess frowned in puzzlement. She was a normal person, according to her character she judged, she should have immediately put on her sword and rushed to her battlefield.

"what. Is that bastard still here?”

“Cheuk, it’s much more fun to smash it in the grass. But there are circumstances here too.”

There were instructions from Marsha. It wasn't a ploy to suit his temper, but Falcoa obediently complied. Because it was the words of a person who made himself a hero on the battlefield, who was dismissed as the evil of society.

"Anyway, you've come this far. The captain was right. The woman you are looking for is in the building over there. She may go in and take her out.”

Falcoa turned around pretending to open the way. But Sirone and the others couldn't move. A completely different temperament of murder than what was seen in the palace was blocking the way.

Tess understood Amy's feelings. In the end, in order to fight a master of this level, this side had no choice but to take a certain amount of adventure.

“He intends to disrupt us. I'll take care of this with Rian. Sirone, you go in and bring Yuna.”

Sirone meekly nodded. In response, of course, Tess realized why Amy was smiling. Far from being sad, she felt that her heart was warmed.

'It's not just such a cold world. Is this what it feels like to be trusted?'

With Sirone's skills, it wasn't even a matter of getting out alone. He looked away for a moment, and then, when he cast space movement, his body became a flash of light and disappeared.

But Falcoa didn't even look away.

From that look, Tess realized. He intended to send you to Shirone from the beginning.

"why?"

“Well, there are instructions from the leader, and besides, I much prefer having a woman.”

Falcoa drew her sword and pointed it at Tess. It is clear that he is a man of turbid temperament. However, the image of him reeling from the drug was gone.

Keeping her eyes on Falcoa, Tess explained the operation to Lian.

“He is a schema user. You attack while I block him.”

One could guess just by looking at the prayer how great Falcoa was. Therefore, having the same schema user, Tess, defend was the way to increase the survival rate.

"That's not allowed. I will stop you, you attack.”

“Idiot, how do you stop it? I hate to say this, but it's impossible for you to stop him alone.”

"If it's impossible, I'll have no choice but to die."

"what?"

Tess raised her eyes in bewilderment. But Ryan was serious. Nor did he give up the fight. He was just fighting his own battle.

“We are here to beat him. I'm not fighting to save my life.”

Tess didn't respond.

“If you block it, time will pass. But you know what? so you can't win In the end, both die. So somehow I block it. In the meantime, focus on your attack.”

Ryan was right. Even if he blunts his sword and strengthens his shield, he cannot win the battle.

In the end, even if it meant giving up one's life, the rationale was to sharpen the sword.

---------------------------------------