[497] That afternoon (5)

"do… … .”

Kanya spit out involuntarily.

“Run away.”

Babel didn't answer.

Due to the priority of the Syrone Algorithm, it was an order that could not be followed.

But to Kanya, algorithms didn't matter anymore.

It is because the face of the most important person who had to leave a year ago overlaps with the appearance of Babel who protects her and Lena.

'mom… … .'

Babel is not a mother.

Because they are not living things, they do not feel pain, and because they do not have life, they have no fear of death.

It was completely different from the mother who willingly accepted death for the sake of her children without expressing her pain.

“Run away! I don't want to be helped by the likes of you!”

But why are the tears flowing?

My father's death is still clearly imprinted in my head, so why does my heart hurt so much?

“Babel protects Kanya and Lena.”

The vibrations of her torso bursting and cracking mixed with noise in her audio system.

“You are the enemy! You killed my dad! you killed my dad! You are not a mother!”

“Babel pays a price when the war is over.”

"no! I mean no!”

Kanya hugged Babel and cried.

Even though I felt so unfair and resentful at the thought that there was still someone protecting me, I felt regret for not realizing it sooner.

As Girshin's attack became stronger, Babel's aircraft began to shake more violently.

The red panels embedded in Babel's eyes flickered, and machine fragments resembling human flesh spurted out like a fountain behind him.

It is dying.

Clearly, Kanya felt that way about Babel's condition.

“What if I leave like this! you will kill me! I will kill you in the most painful way!”

Machines don't die.

only disintegrates.

Babel decided that the information should be passed on, but erased the sentence immediately before output.

“I feel no pain. but… … ,”

Kanya, covered in tears and snot, looked up.

For the first time, a clear voice with noise removed leaked from Babel's still cold face.

“Maybe this is the pain.”

“Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa”

A crushing sadness weighed on Kanya's heart.

“I’m sorry I couldn’t protect you until the end.”

As the red panels of the Babel burned brilliantly, Kanya shook her head like a child and shouted.

"no! don't do it! It's an order! according to my instructions! I mean don't do it!”

Given an impossible order, Babel searched for answers for a while, but there was no option to stop her tears.

Perhaps it was an illusion, but Kanya thought that Babel had a slightly troubled smile on his lips.

- Execute self-destruct mode. Map weapon Babel.

Babel, who risked everything with a probability of less than 0.1 percent and endured destruction so far, raised its output to the maximum.

“Oohhhh!”

As Girsin glared at the shattered back of Babel and struck the final blow, a flash of light was fired from the glass sphere that served as the muzzle for the map weapon.

"this… … !”

As the glass sphere shattered, the photoelectric cannon spread carelessly.

A flash of light devastated the area around the rear radius, and there was nothing left where it passed.

-Target removal failed.

After accepting the final signal from the central device, Babel tried every possible way to restart the machine, but there was nothing he could do as it was horribly destroyed.

'Canya... … .'

As soon as a short name was entered into the computing device, the power to all devices was cut off, and eternal darkness came.

"no! wake up! I can't die! I mean get up again!”

Kanya hugged the upper body of the barbell and sobbed. He missed the most hated machine in the world.

* * *

Babel's photoelectric cannon devastated a 2km radius to the rear.

It was such a speed of reaction, great power, and range that even Girshin of the world could not be sure of life or death.

However, since it was only a family, his expression was not good as he stood on a plateau 3 kilometers away from the battlefield.

The moment Babel's muzzle caught the light, about 100 glass plates around him flashed and moved the space.

signal.

All giants know the power of Ikael's triangular Mara and Ashur.

'Ashur. Ymir's rival.'

Girshin glared at Ashur with a kind eye.

It is now a thing of the past to compete for the position of the best commander in heaven, but Ashur was still a thorn in the eye for Ymir, who thought he was the best.

“I don’t say thank you. I could have avoided that kind of surprise.”

Even if he was second in the ranks of the giants, if the opponent was the archangel's triangular Mara, he would not be in a position to stand up for himself, but Ashur didn't care.

If pride had been important to him, he would not have evacuated Girshin in the first place.

“Don't underestimate Babel's computational power. It was unpredictable. Would you admit it too?”

“Heh, like that or not. If you die, you die. Running away is not to the taste of giants.”

"no. Further battles are pointless. All we can do is minimize power loss for the next war.”

Girshin frowned and asked.

“What nonsense are you talking about? Victory is just around the corner.”

“You still don’t know, what lies at the end of this war?”

“We only fight. The outcome is irrelevant.”

“Then let me tell you this. Why is Ymir still not moving?”

Girshin was silent.

Ymir's animalistic intuition has already reached a level so transcendent that it cannot even be called the realm of animals.

"this… … Isn't it over?”

Ashur nodded.

“Currently, Satan has descended on Jebul and is destroying the angels. The human side cast a powerful magic that aimed directly at Arabot. Whichever comes first, at this rate Heaven will perish.”

Girshin's expression began to grow serious.

“But Captain Ymir is not moving. thus… … .”

"okay."

Realizing that no further explanation was necessary, Ashur cut off his words and concluded.

“Soon the will of Ra will be invoked.”

* * *

Second thousand Rakia.

Kang Nan, whose wrists were tied, was standing with her legs half undone in the Hall of Corruption object <Jacob>.

The ability of <Seungchung> is limited to absorbing power, but it is fixed in space using henna, the ability of an angel.

Kang Nan, who had been tortured all night, was horrendous, and his strength was so weak that he couldn't even control himself.

The biggest problem was the eyes that lost their vitality.

Gaold does not come.

It was more understanding than resentment.

I was convinced that I could do it because I watched how intensely Gaold lived to save Miro.

“It is past noon. It seems to have abandoned you.”

Yuriel, who was floating with her arms folded outside the castle wall, looked over the destroyed bridge and said.

Gangnan did not answer.

I already knew it, but admitting it with my mouth was a completely different matter.

Uriel slowly turned around and looked back at Kariel standing next to Kang Nan.

'I'm more weak than before.'

An angel's greatness comes from the mind, so trauma directly affects their sense of presence.

Although Rayel canceled the stop magic, the humiliation suffered by humans further hurt Kariel, who was already weak.

Dark shadows fell under her eyes, and her handsome face was parched, devoid of any Archangel's authority.

Whoa oh oh!

A gale blew in from Arrabot.

Just the sand mixed with the wind hitting the backboard made Gangnan feel the pain of burning his skin.

'Life is... … pain.'

I said so.

Gaold.

“Kariel-sama, let the execution begin.”

The fallen angel Mauriel approached and asked for permission, but Kariel was still silent.

After being subjected to human magic, his hatred for humans deepened in his weakened mind.

The question was, what was the source of that hatred?

'I am… … .'

When did you start hating humans?

The doubt that Kariel had never thought about met exactly at the point of contact with the question that Uriel had always thought about.

'Yes, Kariel. Isn't it strange indeed? Angels are great, but humans are confused. Indeed we... … .'

Are they really superior to humans?

There is no future of Heaven without an answer to that question.

That's why Yuriel decided to watch Kariel's long fight to the end, and it finally came to fruition.

“He is coming.”

All the remaining fallen angels and Maras in Rakia turned their heads to the plain in front of the wall.

Mikea Gaold, who had made them realize the terrible desires of humans, was moving slowly.

“Uh, why… … ?”

Kang Nan looked at Gaold with a shocked expression. It was an unbelievable sight even after seeing it with my own eyes.

When Uriel landed on the ground, Gaold stopped walking.

“Where is the maze?”

“… … .”

Gaold didn't answer and looked up at Gangnan.

She was carrying all her weight with her hands in handcuffs, her clothes were torn and there were numerous scars.

Gaold, who had been looking at her for a long time with an expressionless face, suddenly opened his mouth and smiled coolly.

“Quack. You got it right, mutt."

"this… … !”

Gangnan, who gritted his teeth and squeezed his strength, shouted.

“You fool! Why the hell did you come here!"

It was an honest feeling of gangnan.

It's a maze that's been recovered, but it's only the time I ran for her, so what am I supposed to do when I give up everything and come here?

“Seeing how rough your mouth is, it looks like you can still hold on.”

"go back! I mean go to the maze! Have you forgotten what it cost you to come here?”

“Yeah, I forgot.”

“… … what?"

Kang Nan was at a loss for words at the words he uttered so easily and put on a dazed expression.

“I forgot what price you paid to save me until now.”

Kang Nan, who had tears in his eyes, desperately held back the cry that was about to vomit.

Did you know?

I've never talked about it, and I've never wanted him to know.

Therefore, Gangnan could be satisfied with this.

"okay. so go back Because I'm fine... … Because please... … Go find happiness.”

Gaold took another step.

As the distance with Uriel got closer, all the fallen angels flew in and surrounded Gaold.

Gaold, forced to stop again, looked up at Gangnan and raised a corner of his mouth.

“Don’t be too angry. Even if you don't notice, I'll leave on my own. But before that, shouldn't we keep our promise?"

Gangnan's lips trembled.

'no. Do not say.'

“I said I would never leave you again.”

My heart started beating wildly.

A benevolent smile, rarely seen on Gaold, conveyed a feeling of extreme unease.

Gaold did not abandon the maze, nor did he come to save himself.

I was thinking of getting rid of all the hatred I had built up towards the world through 20 years of suffering.

Mauryel approached with a sneer.

“I must have told you to bring Miro. Do you think you can go back alive even if you violate the offer?”

“Ha, this guy and that guy… … .”

Gaold bowed his head and sighed softly.

And when he raised his head again, the good face disappeared before he knew it, and he was back to the mad wizard again.

“I’m going to get annoyed and go crazy.”

As the forgotten nightmare from 10 years ago resurfaced in his head, the blood drained from Gangnan's face.

"don't do it… … .”

Gaold's eyelids trembled as he stared up at the sky, and his pupils slowly began to roll up.

"Don't do it... … .”

Tears poured out uncontrollably, and Kang Nan could not stand it and wept bitterly.

"do not do that… … mister."

At the same time, all of Gaold's hair stood on end.

'Goodbye, damn world.'

Perseok!

All the fallen angels surrounding Gaold disappeared as if they had evaporated, leaving only a few drops of liquid behind.

apperception.

100 million times.

(end of volume 20)

---------------------------------------