Law Murder (2)

Marsac, the imperial castle of Gustaf, was teeming with women who came to become maids of the empire.

'How could this be... …

While Havitz's notoriety spread all over the world, more than 300 people applied.

“Did you come to know who the Emperor is?”

I asked the cold-looking woman with a pointed chin waiting in the left row.

“Hey, so are you. I wish we could refrain from talking to each other. We will be competitors from now on.”

'I'm not... …

Unlike the other candidates, Abella was the one who came to kill Havits.

“Is it for money?”

The woman looked back coldly.

“Then what? No matter where you come from, let alone pay, the employee welfare is excellent. More than anything else, she becomes the maid of honor of the imperial castle.”

The value of a commoner was determined by the nobility, and the aristocrats also did not look down on her if she was a lady-in-waiting of the imperial castle.

"But you're a tyrant, aren't you?"

Everyone turned to Abella, and the atmosphere at the scene was frozen like an arctic.

“Hey, what did you just say?” The captain of the guard who was leading the lady-in-waiting approached with great strides, intent on killing him.

'are you okay. I'll be fine.'

The most important part of the project for Abella is to love Havitz.

If the alpha fish loses its original value, the law is twisted, and then everything is over.

“Speak again what you said earlier. You better pray to God that my ears are strange.”

“Uncle Harvits is a tyrant.” In response to the emperor's lack of respect, the captain of the guard drew his sword.

“If you kill me, you will die too.”

The blade stopped abruptly around Abella's neck.

“What does that mean?”

“I didn't come here to serve the emperor. I personally came to see Mr. Harvits.”

"you… … You know His Majesty the Emperor?”

“If you have any doubts, you can report it to your superiors. Tell Mr. Harvits that Abella has arrived.” I never had the courage to do so.

'I'm embarrassed.'

Besides, if she was telling the truth, she would never be rude.

'Let's leave it to someone else. If you get entangled for no reason, you will die.'

The captain of the guard, who had secured his sword, spat out a word as he returned to his seat.

“Be quiet. There is a procedure for everything.”

It seemed to be pulling back, and Abella stuck her tongue out against the guard commander's back.

The woman who was watching the absurd thing from close by said with shocked eyes.

"Are you crazy? Why would you lie like that?”

As expected of a lady-in-waiting, she admits that she excelled at improvisation, but when the truth was revealed, she died on the spot.

“For now, you have to live. And the captain of the guard won’t even be able to check it, because he has a bird’s chest.”

The woman smiled and held out her hand.

“Let’s formally greet each other. I am Catenia from Manaca. I am thirty-two years old. Am I your sister?”

"yes. I am Abella. I am twenty-three.”

Catenia asked at the end of her voice.

“By the way, is your liver really big? How can you say insulting words to the Emperor of the Empire so easily?”

I honestly don't know.

'Mister Habitz.'

My teeth tremble when I hear his eccentric evil deeds, but in a corner of my heart... … .

- Ugh, it's okay. are you okay.

When he stroked my back and said it was okay, I felt like I had a fence for the first time in my life.

"Well, it's true."

Abella shrugged and covered it.

"but… … . I'm also scared to be honest. But since I'm old, I'm expecting that I won't go into the side room. Oh, I'm sorry."

Unlike Catenia, Abella was of the right age to enter Havitz's bed.

"are you okay. Actually, I'm going into the side room."

"what?"

No matter how wealthy Catenia was, if she had to go to Havitz's side, she would have had a different opinion.

“Enter Group 4!”

When the guards opened the gates, 30 people rushed through the arch.

As befits the world's largest man-made structure, the road to the imperial castle was endless, and finally stopped in front of the spacious central government office.

'You're here.'

Another Kashan spy had secretly infiltrated the place where the first interview was held.

Empress Uorin's assassin, El Crouch.

Once a doll maker, he learned black magic from an oriental puppeteer and transformed his body into a doll.

'Two lives left.' He lived for over 200 years by distributing his life to a porcelain doll, but now that too was coming to an end.

'Well, he lived a long time.'

On the day we left Kashan, Uorin said.

“I’m sorry, Crouch.”

When Crouch, who hadn't attached any flesh, raised his head, the stuffed mechanism instead of the intestines turned.

"It's unreasonable for the queen to apologize."

Wu Lin laughed bitterly.

"We've known each other for a really long time. No matter how much I think about it, you're the only person who'll move <Slaughter> to Marsak."

"It is an honour."

Crouch's job was as a carrier.

“The biggest problem is, of course, the Balkans. We can't send a lot of assassins to him who reads the crowd flag.”

“Plural number. It means that you cannot read the life of one person, but you can notice the life of two or more people.”

"okay. As the number increases, the discipline will become clearer. Currently, Alpha Fish is training to eliminate its hostility towards Habits. Therefore, there is no problem with you infiltrating.”

“The real problem is the day of planning.”

When the alpha fish reveals its intention to kill, it becomes two people in addition to Crouch, so the Vulcan reads the military standard.

“I should be dead the moment Alphafish kills Havitz.”

It had to be a singular number, and only Crouch, who had multiple lives, could do this.

“You may have to die twice.” That would be eternal death.

“In order to deliver <Slayer> to Alpha Fish, it must go through 'initialization'. The process is risky.”

“I know, Her Majesty.”

“So Crouch.” Uorin approached Crouch.

“I didn’t entrust you with two lives. If you... … It's because I believe that I can get out of it once. Do not die.”

Crouch's facial muscles, made of wire, twisted and the shape of his mouth rose.

“This is the life the Queen gave me. I will not resent you even if all the porcelain dolls I gave you break.”

“Isn’t that what you mean?”

Crouch smiled, but his eyelids were missing, so they just seemed wide open.

“You don’t have to act like a girl to me either.”

Uorin inflated her cheeks.

“What?”

“Until the day we return, keep it intact.”

After leaving Kashan, Crouch assassinated Marsak's handmaid and assumed her role.

'My name is Orphe.'

As a master of disguise, he perfectly imitated not only his appearance but also his personality and trivial habits.

Even Abella, who knew that the strategy would be at the first interview, could not find Crouch.

'He must be watching me.' When he met her eyes as he looked around her, Crouch looked away from her.

'It wouldn't be nice to know each other.'

Waiting interviewers approached the four women and conducted a physical examination.

The body was groped to determine whether it was a man or a woman, and women with tattoos were also eliminated.

"Pass. To the next gateway.”

Six women were eliminated and the remaining 24 followed the guards to a small waiting room.

“Congratulations on passing the first interview.”

An official with a goatee stood on the podium holding a list.

“Of course, I have to take the 2nd, 3rd, and 4th interviews as well as the final exam.”

Power entered the maids' eyes.

“The final selection was 30 people. It's a competition where 1 in 10 is eliminated. But I will draw a special loan at this gateway.”

“Special loan?”

The ladies-in-waiting candidates murmured.

“Among these people, is there anyone who would like to support the Emperor, that is, His Majesty the Emperor by his side?”

No one wanted to help the killer, and there was a cold silence.

“I am not forcing you. However, in the end, it is decided to draw by lottery. If you don't have the confidence to pass... …

"I will do it."

Everyone's eyes focused on one place, and Catenia stuttered with an absurd expression.

"you you… …

Abella shrugged.

“I told you, this is it.”

The official checked the number on her name tag and quickly flipped through the ledger.

“Hmm, Youth Abella. I'm from a gypsy... …

There seemed to be no particular abnormality.

“Go through the door over there. The ladies-in-waiting will re-examine it, and if there are no abnormalities, you will pass immediately.”

"yes. But I have one request.”

Assuming that it was a dying person's wish, the official closed the ledger and raised his chin.

“Tell me.”

“Havitz, no, His Majesty the Emperor might remember me, so can I give you a word in advance?”

“His Majesty the Emperor?”

The official who was looking left and right said.

“Hey, isn’t there something wrong with your mind? then you can't pass It is a life-and-death matter.”

"It's the manager who's life is at stake. If you leave me like this, I don't know what kind of trouble will befall me later.”

'damn! Why is this happening to me... … !' The official, who felt the same emotions as the captain of the guard, asked with a frown.

“Then, how is your relationship with His Majesty the Emperor?”

Abella smiled broadly as she carefully observed the candidates watching with pale faces.

“A childhood friend.”

"majesty! The maid of honor is asking for an audience.”

The gates of the Great Hall opened and an old woman in her seventies crossed the Grand Hall with a dead expression.

A Vulcan sitting on a throne snored, and a military tactical map lay on the floor.

Harvits and the other 4 artists were sitting there, playing with dolls with military sculptures.

“Rumble! bang! Cannon Boom!”

Comedy Zetaro was frightened.

“Aww! My eyeballs are missing! Put it back in quickly! eyeball! Gather your eyeballs!”

Battle doll Natasha moved the sergeant's horse.

"die! die! die! die!" The king of domestic affairs, Sumodo, crumpled the map.

“All the women of the Kingdom of Paris are mine! Wait, even if only women in their 10s and 20s of childbearing age are selected, there are about 4.47 million... …

The maid coughed.

“Hmmmm, Your Majesty the Emperor.”

Harvitz threw the sailboat and turned his head.

"why? Are you busy now. A government meeting is in progress.”

“Are there any friends you made a long time ago by the name of Youth Abella?”

“Who? Hmm.”

If she had told a lie, she could have lost her throat, but the lady-in-waiting kept her mouth shut like a coward.

'If I die, I will die.'

don't imagine the future

This was the first requirement a maid of the Gustav Empire had to have.

“I don’t know.”

The maid bowed her head.

"All right. If you come... …

Vulcan lay down and spoke like a drool.

“Why, you know. A girl I met before. What kind of flower shop do you think... …

Harvits opened her eyes wide and stood up.

“Youth Abella!”

The four arts looked back at him at the same time.

"that's right! It was Abella! But why? Gap, her baby, why are you looking for her?”

The name is vague, but I have never forgotten the promise I made with the girl at the time.

“It's not what I'm looking for, and I'm a child who came in as a lady-in-waiting this time, and I want to have an audience with Your Highness.”

“Abella came to see me?” Harvits' shoulders trembled.

“You have completed the flower garden!”