[220] 7. Heaven (3)

Kwa-kwa-kwa-kwa-kwa-kwa!

A flash of light emanated from Ataraxia.

Sirone couldn't control the output. As the distance increased, the flash spread and filled the great world war with light.

Baalb struggled on dozens of limbs and crawled on the floor, but was immediately swept away by the light and disappeared.

Objects in the place where the flashes were running were swept away. It was as if the space was being pushed out.

Woooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooh!

The Great World War located at the end of the ritual.

As the giant dome's barrier exploded, two flashes of unfathomable size split the sky.

“Heo-eok! Huh!”

Sirone got on his knees and gasped for breath. As he looked at the landscape in front of him, his legs gave out.

Half of the great world war was blown away. It was an unbelievable result even after he had done it.

What on earth was Ikael thinking when he carved this into his head?

The only thing left in Syrone's field of vision was Kariel.

The sky was visible behind it, and the ground was dug in a huge Y shape.

The halo spread over Kariel's head was rotating at a tremendous speed.

- Life... … drinking progress... … 99... … cent.

Sirone hurriedly turned around.

Amy was struggling to tear off the panel on her forehead. But no matter how much I scratched her to the point of blood, there was no sign of it coming off.

Just as I was about to fall into despair, I heard a voice again.

- cancel transmission. life… … alcohol… … stop… … do.

The panel that had been stuck in Amy's forehead slid out and disintegrated into particles smaller than powder.

Sirone let out a sigh of relief and looked back at Kariel.

The archangel's face was grimly contorted. There was a temporal error in the guidance voice, but it was clear that the power was restored the moment Ataraxia was activated.

It was an inevitable choice for Kariel.

Even if the wine of life had progressed, the result would have been the same. It was because Ataraxia's amplifying power was not at a level that could prevent it from being deprived of mental power by the art of life.

Kariel spread her huge golden wings and flew up.

“Do you understand now, foolish human? This is the wine of life. Even I, an archangel, must give up everything and devote myself to creating life!”

Kariel looked down at the devastated Great World War.

At most, it was a magic cast by a child. Even so, it is such a destructive power.

Why should humans be given this power? 

Humans cannot control themselves. Any good man will corrupt in the face of the temptation of power.

That boy will try to become a king. He will rule the world with angelic power and indulge in all kinds of pleasures.

'That would be a good thing.'

Wouldn't it be better to send it back like this? 

If so, the human world would end up destroying itself without the need for a final war.

But I couldn't. Because there's no way Ikael doesn't know what he's thinking.

Then why the hell? Are you really crazy?

How could he think of passing on the angelic law to humans unless he was insane?

'Do you believe that much? that boy?'

What did Ikael see in that human?

Of course, talent was recognized. Because there is no way you can accept the angel's magic without any talent.

But that alone isn't enough of an explanation. It was clear that there was something he didn't know.

If so, you should grab it now. If they missed it, a powerful weapon that would threaten heaven would fall into the hands of humans.

“Stop begging me for mercy.”

Kariel declared war, but Sirone and the others, who were trying to escape, couldn't even afford to listen.

Arin brought Canis and Amy protected Peope.

Tess also ran to fetch Lian. But Ymir was still guarding it.

Ymir, who had been staring indifferently into Tess's murderous eyes, turned her attention to Lian, who was kneeling.

The face of Lian, who raised her head to the ceiling, did not belong to a living person.

The right hand had only bones left, but it was still holding a great sword.

It was the fear of incarnation, in which the mind and body were integrated.

“One win, one draw, one loss. Shall we make it a draw today?”

“… … .”

“Geuk, it’s because you’re so weak. Will there be even bones left when fighting the main body?”

Ymir raised his severed right arm. As she shoved it into Lian's mouth, she released a black liquid that flowed down her throat.

“Take it. And cherish it. If he survives, he might be able to save humans. Then it will be a fun war for me too.”

Tess hurriedly embraced Lian, who had been thrown by Ymir and slipped on the floor.

The moment I saw the skeletal arm, tears welled up, but I had to go home to receive treatment.

A drone flew in and was attached to Tess's arm as a gauntlet.

She glared at Ymir one last time, then turned and ran towards Arin.

Lee Mi-ir, who melts from the legs, has a nice smile.

I hoped that Ryan would survive. Humans must become stronger. Enough to resurrect the king of giants. 

It was his destiny to destroy the powerful humans.

'The day will come when we will fight again. Let's go to sleep until then.'

Ymir was released into a dark liquid. There was no longer a 'part' left of Heaven. He will fall into a long sleep waiting for the final war to come one day in the ice that never melted.

-Sirone, preparations are complete!

Arin's voice entered Sirone's head. I wanted to escape right away, but the time the metagate worked was 30 seconds. The timing to escape was a life-and-death situation.

Sirone knew that it was impossible for everyone to escape, leaving Kariel back in perfect condition.

The only way was for at least one person to remain and give the friends time to evacuate.

- Arin. Open the metagate now. and get out unconditionally.

- What are you going to do?

- I'm going to stop Kariel. If you delay their approach by one second, it's enough to get out.

- But Sirone! None of us... … !

- I'm begging you. Help Amy get home safely.

It was about keeping it a secret. If she knew that you were staying with Shiro, Amy would never want to leave this place.

Arin couldn't refuse Sirone's offer. Even through someone's sacrifice, someone has to live. 

Just like Canis did, and Lian did, Sirone made a choice to save someone precious to her.

-Okay, Sirone. Signal me when you're ready.

Sirone prepared her heart. 

what will happen to yourself Friends will not come to heaven to rescue someone who is not even aware of life and death.

It would be fine if he died immediately, but he might be captured by Kariel and subjected to all sorts of experiments.

I was afraid. 

Everyone leaves and only you are left.

'I'm sorry, Headmaster. The principal was right.'

A bitter smile formed on Sirone's lips. However, she soon glared at Kariel with fierce eyes.

You have to rush. It takes 1 second to open and enter the metagate. I just need to somehow get Kariel's attention for a second.

Had Arin explained the operation to his friends by now? She wouldn't even know in her dreams that she was staying here.

Sirone took a deep breath.

It was a moment of farewell.

- Arin! It's now!

At the same time Arin opened the metagate, Sirone rushed at Kariel.

Amy looked back in amazement.

'why? Sirone?'

It was different from what I heard. Didn't I say that throwing one's body at the same time and leaving the outcome to chance is the most fair?

Amy, who instantly realized the situation from Arin's sad expression, burst into tears and held out her hand.

"no! Shiro... … !”

Arin hugged Amy by the waist and jumped into the metagate portal. Tess, who caught Kanis and Lian, also threw herself into the portal and closed his eyes tightly.

'Sirone, please... … I hope to see you again.'

Sirone raised her head and caught the tears in her eyes. It was a mixture of joy and sadness.

It was fortunate that Kariel didn't care about her friends' situation. She may have been aiming only for herself from the beginning. If so, she was rather free.

If you can save your friends, they will be captured.

-Don't do that, Sirone.

I looked around at the sudden mental resonance. Peope, smiling, was flying side by side.

-Peope, why are you still here?

Feope's thoughts penetrated at a rapid pace.

- Humans are a strange species. It means choosing your own life. For that reason, he must be willing to accept even death.

- What are you talking about all of a sudden?

Sirone became a bit uneasy. He had the idea that something was happening that he didn't know about. & nbsp;

It was quite possible. Perhaps the reason Arin agreed to the operation is... … .

'No, it can't be. It can't be like that.'

This little fairy helped us. Even if I was left alone in heaven, the reason I didn't feel like I had fallen to the pit was because Peope would still be by my side.

- Disappearance is a scary thing. But I thought while looking at you. A person who would give up his life for the one he loves. To me, that was really cool.

-Peope, no.

- Go back to your friends. and… … .

Tears welled up in Feope's eyes.

-I love you, Sirone.

Feope cut off her mental communication and rushed towards Kariel.

Sirone stared blankly as she walked away. After a while, against her will, her legs stopped and her body turned to face the meta gate.

“Huh! black!”

Sirone ran towards the metagate. I couldn't see anything because the tears covered my eyes.

The world looked rich as if submerged in water. In front of a miraculous opportunity, he was infinitely weak.

can go back You can go back to the original world and meet everyone again.

'Mom, Dad, I'm going. definitely go back... … .'

Sirone stood tall. Although different hearts are fighting with the same weight, the thought that came to my mind was one promise I made with Feope.

-If I get caught, will you come to rescue me? therefore… … if we are friends

-of course.

"of course… … Peope.”

Sirone cried and clenched her fists. And with the last remaining mental strength, he cast teleportation.

Her words of love echoed around me like hallucinations.

To a one-year-old fairy, love was such a grand concept. It is not the love between a man and a woman, nor the love between friends, nor the love of parents, but the only love.

Feope was a fairy with a pure and clear soul.

Leaving such a friend alone and returning home was a pain that was harder to bear than death.

'Peope! please! Please wait!'

Facing death, Feope was terrified. Is this annihilation? Everything was scary and unfamiliar.

The unknown world was unfolding moment by moment, and accordingly, my mind was going back and forth between poles.

Was it really the right choice? Was the story he told Arin completely sincere?

-I'm Peope. If anyone has to stay, everyone leaves. I'll stop Kariel.

-but… … what about you

-I can't leave Heaven anyway. Besides, this is what I, the internal affairs officer of the subjects, have to do.

Feope tried to smile.

'are you okay. I am a spiral fairy. No matter how shaken it is, it's going straight ahead.'

Now I can't meet Lee Ki-rin, who acknowledged my true value, but I was satisfied because I realized it at the end of my life.

Anecdote's sake wasn't great. What was truly great was the human sacrifice willingly to accept the booze of anecdotes.

It was fortunate that Sirone was able to live. 

“You are a cheeky fairy.”

Kariel snorted and held out her hand. With his ability, he would be able to annihilate at least a fairy in an instant.

Perceiving death, Peope's lips went down. In the end, he burst into tears. & nbsp;

But he didn't back down. He held out his hands and fired the spiral power with all his might.

“Peope! stop!"

Hearing Sirone's unexpected voice, Peope turned around. At that moment, Kariel passed by. The angel's slender hand aimed at the nape of Sirone's neck.

'Don't miss it. Only you!'

will study He would dissect Ataraxia's equipment and make it his own, no matter how cruel.

Kaaaaang!

At that moment, the purple longsword was lodged between Kariel's fingers. Before I knew it, a black-haired man was blocking Sirone's way.

It was Ikael's servant, the triangular Mara Ashur.

“Ashur… … Are you going to disturb me too?”

“This is a message from Ikael.”

There was anger in Kariel's eyes. 

A triangular Mara or something like that, taking care of business. Do you still think that Ikael is commanding heaven?

Of course, there was a time when I admired Ikael. But she did something she never should have done.

“Is the shame of heaven sending me a message?”

“You’re going to cover up your words.”

“It is not wrong. A noble angel who reached the level of the archangel raised the seeds of insignificant humans... … .”

“Ka-li-el-sama!”

Ashur widened his eyes like a demon.

“I am. number of people. he. They said it was a message from Ikael.”

Kariel kept her mouth shut. It was Ikael's message.

“You said that if you harm this boy, I will never be able to treat you with good feelings.”

Kariel's nose wrinkled. I couldn't understand her psychology.

Ikael got ugly. It has fallen. 

But I still thought it was Ikael. It was the last remorse left to the angel he longed for.

But to hit the back of the head like this. 

What is the reason that she, who has risen to the head of the angels, devotes herself so much to a mere human?

Kariel had no choice but to build her pride with silence. Then Ashur turned to Sirone and said.

"good. Peope will be safe. I promise you in the name of Ikael.”

Sirone, who consumed all her mental power through teleportation, was unable to move. But when Ashur's words flowed in, a faint smile spread.

If it's Ikael, I can trust him. Because he is the one who gave everything to himself.

“Goodbye, Sirone.”

Feope, who activated the power of the spiral, sent Sirone flying to the metagate and said. And those were the last words Sirone heard from Heaven.

(end of volume 9)

---------------------------------------