Colossal Adjustment (2)

Shirone, who was staring at the hallway where Fleur left, turned around at the exact timing.

“Let’s talk.”

Rufist sensed that the time had come.

'I can't lie forever.'

I hoped they wouldn't know until the end, but it was an alliance that I couldn't help but tell if asked.

"okay."

When I entered the conference room in the Tormia area, an albino was waiting in advance.

“What are you hiding from me?” Rufist let out a sigh.

"okay. It's a decision made in haste. We are planning to use the beauty system using the flue.”

“Did your sister accept it too?”

"of course. No matter how subordinate he is, he ignores opinions and doesn’t make people do things like this.”

Sirone knew Fleur.

“Isn’t that what you had to do? Anyway, this is not what I want.”

"late. that you have already entered You saw it too.”

“I can turn it back.”

"It's a national strategy."

“But it’s a strategy I haven’t discussed with you. I can't help Tormia if it's like this.”

Even Lufist, who prided himself on being the most cool-headed in the Magic Association, could not ignore his remarks.

“Are you threatening me?”

"no. That's because it's true. Because you can't promote Ultima with anything you don't mean.”

"good. Then we have no choice but to give up on you.”

Rufist had super-precipitation.

“I’ll bring my sister Fleur.”

“Why are you Fleur is my employee. Now you can't interfere with what you say.”

“I am doing what I believe is right. It has always been, and it will continue to be.”

Rufist hit the table with a bang.

“What the hell is wrong with you!”

"evacuation. evacuation."

As the voice rose, the albino at the table moved quietly and sat down on the sofa.

“You know where this is! Other countries are doing worse than this! Are you going to fight fair and square against those guys! I still think you're a magic school student! 1st grade, 3rd class?”

Sirone shut his mouth.

“Listen. The reason we're sitting here is because we've chosen to do the things that others don't want to do. Of course, there must be noble things like hard work and training. But do you think that's all there is to it? Sometimes you have to touch dirty things to win. I can solve the problem.”

“Class 1, Class 3.”

The albino gaze turned to Sirone.

“People who dreamed of their childhood ideals, believed that they could change something, and worked hard are now in this place.”

In Sirone's mind, the years he had lived so far passed by like a kaleidoscope.

The Ogent family's librarian, the magic school's Class Seven, Five, Four, and even the graduating class.

Looking back, I think I was really young, but it was a time I was not ashamed of.

'I fought with all my might.'

Even if it was like a child's play, I don't know if that's why the adults were angry, but because I believed it was right.

'I had the courage to do that.' Is it that now everyone is frightened, pale in front of the monster that is the world, and forgot about it?

'We all dreamed of it.'

Where did those gigantic children who could easily resist the monster's tempting hand go?

“If even one percent of them had kept their convictions, the world wouldn’t be like this.”

"that's right. That 1 percent doesn't exist, that's the reality. Everyone wants to be like that, but I hate being that 1 percent. Those are the three phases we live in. You know that. It's not childish, don't be childish.”

"inducement?"

Sirone's eyebrows twitched.

“Since when did the value that human beings have to protect until the end become childish? Isn’t it cool to have a subordinate do that, because it’s not childish?”

“Not everyone is like you. Are you the one who makes me look funny? I am also giving up personal gain and working for the country. Same with Flu.”

“So they say I do it! An integrated mental system at any cost... … !”

“How do you do that!” Shirone was shocked when Lufist brought out the words she had stored in her heart.

“From the beginning… … Did you not believe it?”

"ha."

Rufist stood up on his desk and lowered his head.

“Sirone, humans aren’t great. Resources are limited, and dealing with desire is still immature. They are only slightly civilized in hunting and gathering, but they are the same as primitive people who pursue money.”

He stared at Sirone.

“I don’t believe you? no i trust you You are mankind's greatest wizard. If I had asked for a war, I would have bet not only my life, but also the entire population of Tormia on you. But it is not an integrated mental system. What I don't believe in is not Yahweh, but humans.”

Sirone's lips trembled.

“You don’t want to hurt Flu. Then bring me the solution. I mean, don't just make a fuss, come up with a clear solution. You can't just do your best.”

Rufist pointed to the table.

“Look at reality. What happened to Ymir's Ultima, the only hope? Simultaneous events are also cut off. It means you couldn't solve it. Because you couldn't solve it, I'm trying to solve it.”

Sirone bit her molars.

“You have two choices. Either create something more here or give up. Flu will be fine for now. I'll give you a day's time.” Sirone turned around without answering.

After he left and the door closed, Lufist collapsed on the chair as his legs gave out.

“Whoa.”

The albino finally opened his mouth.

“I was excited, unlike you. I'm talking about the kid. Are there any ways to coax you?”

“Because I am not a child.”

Rufist knocked on the desk.

“I never know. He is the one who directly experienced the entire history of mankind through Omega. You probably know more about human nature than I do.”

“Hmm.”

“Nevertheless, I am willing to fight for humanity. That contradiction creates conflict. It really makes me wonder if what he said is right.”

“It is not unique. The person who rises to the top of the world sacrifices everything, because it is something humans cannot do.”

"That's right."

So it's even more regrettable.

“Of course, my thoughts do not change. If Tormia can become a leader country, they will do anything. the problem is… … It always asks the last question.”

"That's a really embarrassing question."

"yes. perhaps… …

Rufist looked out the window.

“The existence of Sirone is thought to be the last chance given to mankind.” Sirone, who came out of the meeting room, couldn't move for a while with a dazed expression.

'What else should I do here?' Even if he mobilized all his abilities, the world seemed to be unmoving.

“Ah, sir… …

I wiped away the tears with my arms, but the sorrow did not go away.

'why not?'

Couldn't there be a way for everyone to be happy in this world?

'There will be.'

Sirone moved on.

'I don't have time to be frustrated. Let's think. More, more sacrifice, more responsibility... …

Hot tears wet his eyes.

Travis, who hid the amount of 1 million gold in his house, headed to his business.

“Hehe. Hehehe.”

The laughter didn't stop.

'I'm blooming my life now too. I can live without envying the nobility. Got it, you bastards?'

He could not forget the look on his wife's face as if her heart had stopped the moment she opened the bag of gold coins.

My son ran wild and even promised to send me to school when I moved.

'Yes, do it. I can do everything for you.' Travis could not yet imagine how heavy the shackles were.

Entering the narrow street of Edia No. 2, I saw a scene of a brothel that was quiet during the day.

“Kyaaak!”

A woman's scream.

"what?"

I didn't pay attention to it because it was a common occurrence, but when I heard it again, it was my own business.

"okay! hit! If you have money, hit it!”

“Is that Candy’s voice?”

Realizing that the owner of the voice was Ace of his business, Travis quickly jumped out.

Upon entering the store, a man in his 30s who had been drunk since broad daylight was holding Candy by the hair.

“This crazy… … !”

Travis, whose eyes were filled with flesh, grabbed the thin man's wrist and pulled him.

“Let go! Let go!”

The moment he knelt down, the palm of his hand, like a pot lid, mercilessly slapped the man on the cheek.

“Hey, you son of a bitch! Is this the Colosseum? Why are you beating people up? do you want to die?"

Candy pulled Trivis.

"brother! don't do it! Then what if I go to jail again!”

"it's okay. It's enough to go.”

The man grabbed his sore wrist and shouted.

“What do you care! We are in love! It was Candy who betrayed me!”

"Oh yeah?"

This time, when he raised his fist, not the palm of his hand, Candy hurriedly shoved the man away.

“Just go! I really die like this!”

An organization member who heard the commotion belatedly ran over and grabbed the man's arms and pulled him out. When the situation was settled, Travis asked.

"hey. what is that child Is this really yours’?”

"no!"

Candy smoked a thin cigarette and let out a long puff of smoke.

“I am just a guest. They say he's a fallen nobleman, but he was so pitiful that he gave me a credit.”

"credit? Haven't you ever?”

“I took it out of my money. As the days go by, the alcohol gets worse, and now they are asking to get married.”

“Crazy.”

Travis looked around the alley and said.

“Hey, you have a problem too. What does it matter if that guy is screwed or not? care about your life.”

“Ah, okay. I hate to say more.”

Candy muttered, smoking a cigarette again.

"no way… … You wouldn’t commit suicide to that extent, would you?”

"ha."

Actually, it's not that I don't understand.

How many opportunities would there be for a life working in a place like this to sympathize with someone?

'Tsk tsk, sad things.'

Grabbing Candy's cigarette, he gestured.

“Hey, everyone gather around.”

He pulled out a heavy pocket at a gathering of saleswomen and gang members.

“Take it. Divide it evenly.”

The thump was unusual, but people thought it was a silver coin at best.

"what? Brother, what else are you doing?” The moment Candy opened her pocket, everyone present widened their eyes at her.

“Huh!”

What is the brilliant color of gold coins?

“Brother, what is this? It is a large gold coin!”

Candy quickly knocked over the bag and laid out all the gold coins on the table.

“How much is this? brother! Please explain.”

“Puhahaha! why are you surprised? By any chance, did you think that this baekgu would rot in a place like this for the rest of its life?”

"brother! Did you succeed?”

Since he had already seen the money, the reason was good.

"okay. We are also going to Yangji. Candy, you said you wanted to be a singer, right? sun! My brother will push you.”

"older brother! Congratulations!"

Travis' neck stiffened as the gang members formally bowed their heads.

The white bear, who was always honest, also had his mouth on his ears, and the weasel, who was only thinking about stabbing him in the back, had his eyes burning.

No matter what, they were the only people who followed him for 20 years.

"brother! best!"

The women who suddenly made a lot of money rushed to Baek-gu and hugged him.

'As expected, money is good.'

How could he be treated like this even if he only spent 1 percent of the money he received from Myron?

A hot fire burned in my chest.

'It doesn't stop here. Going higher, to the top of the sky

all.'

It was being grilled to a golden brown.