depression (4)

Havitz's forces made a bloodless entry into the Kashan capital.

White flags were hung from house to house, and residents hung their heads in fear.

It's not just because the war was lost.

As if the vanguard had already swept through them, the streets were strewn with corpses and the smell of fresh blood lingered. Sumodo, who was holding a toothpick, smiled.

“You understand the situation quickly. After all, she is the empress of Kashan.”

I thought Balkan wasn't over yet.

“I heard that there was a succession ceremony for the throne. If the war has already been lost, why does that matter?”

“He must be thinking of negotiating while hiding the Empress. It's good to receive it if the conditions are right. It’s enough for us to enjoy anyway.”

Upon arriving at the entrance of the imperial castle of Aganos, the army of hell was completely surrounded on all sides.

When the door opened, the scenery inside the imperial castle was revealed.

“Huhhh...”

More than a thousand humans were possessed with blood while being held captive by various instruments of torture.

The instruments of torture were in turn linked to musical instrument-like objects lying all around along the mechanism.

“It must have been made by Zetaro.”

As soon as he passed through the gate of the outer castle, the demons who made a great contribution in this war approached Havitz and bowed their heads.

He was a handsome man, a little less than two meters tall, wearing black iron armor studded with thorns.

Amon, commander of the 7th Army of Hell.

He is one of the 10 corps commanders who are said to be in the direct line of Satan, and uses an iron sword heated in hell fire.

None of the demon corps commanders were weak, but among them, those in the top 10 ranks had a different level of strength.

"I've been waiting for you, Satan."

Havitz's appearance did not deviate from his human form, but he looked straight in Amon's eyes.

The four red triangles floating on the top of Havitz's head were the signs that he was an outsider of the law.

Vulcan asked.

“Who is the ruler of Kashan?”

As soon as the words were finished, a group of people appeared from the side of the inner gate.

Gando, who had just become emperor, and the highest nobles who had ruled Kashan so far.

Amon said to Habitz.

“This is an event prepared by Zeta Law to commemorate this victory. I hope you enjoy it.”

After saying that and giving instructions, 100 members of the music troupe made up of demons lined up in their respective positions.

Red-skinned female figures whose hair was covered with tentacles stood holding sheet music.

The short, plump conductor looked around the orchestra and waved his baton.

Let a lot of instruments play.

“......r

Over a thousand humans started screaming, each at a different pitch.

From the moment the first note sounded, the nobles, including Gando, felt like all the hairs on their bodies stood on end.

'Serious guys.'

Gando gritted his teeth and endured.

“Hell’s army!”

To the music created by human screams, the vocal band sang while puffing out their stomachs.

Every time the instrument was played, the moving torture device squeezed out the human voice even more strongly.

“The World of Chaos!”

It was indeed a song from hell, and this time even Vulcan and Sumodo were deeply impressed.

“It really kills me… …

Jetaro is a genius.

Havitz wasn't bad either, but after listening to the music for a while, he ate and burst into laughter.

“Go away.”

As Amon led the way, Habitz's group approached Gando past the vocal band who were moved to tears.

'I'm not bored. but… …

Just the fact that it wasn't Uorin who greeted her made her feel like her excitement was broken.

'What I want to hear is the Queen's song.'

Habitz did not have to personally greet the emperor of the surrendered empire, but he boldly approached right in front of him.

“What about Uorin?”

Gando, who had already prepared for everything, bowed his head politely.

“It is in the castle. Just before meeting her, I have something to offer as emperor of her Kashan and her empire.”

Vulcan laughed.

'I knew it would come out like this.'

“I will hand over the sovereignty of Kashan. You can moderate me, but if you feel uncomfortable, behead me. I just don't want to see any more blood. Please guarantee the lives of the people.”

The faces of the highest nobility were wet with emotion.

'I'm sorry, Her Majesty.'

It was a decision to promote the safety of the country, even by giving up the honor of Theraje and selling her body.

Harbitz looked at Gando with indifferent eyes.

His eyes had no intention of analyzing anything, but Gando was dizzy from the endless chaos.

'mother… …

Last night, Wu Lin called Gando.

“At this rate, we lose the war. The help of the temple is also limited. Kashan will soon perish.”

Gando didn't care.

It's obviously a situation where I should be angry and desperate, but for some reason, I didn't have any emotional fluctuations.

Perhaps it was because of Uorin's pale face, unlike usual.

'I guess mothers have fear too.'

With her ability to encompass history, she did not know defeat, but from the time of the Great Purification, she entered unknown territory.

Above all, it was the worst that Havitz of Chaos was his opponent.

“I will find a way. Borrow the remaining troops and the power of the holy war to somehow find an escape route... …

“No, you can't get out of Habitz with that. Tried every possible way. I also thought about how to make it a good ending. And the decision I made, Uorin looked up at Jiandao.

“I must live.”

He had an expression like a frightened rabbit, but only his eyes were still burning with the will to live.

“I am not afraid to die. Getting caught by Harvits... … can withstand But Gando, I want to live.”

Gando realized what Uorin was going to do.

'Focus only on living.'

He intended to survive by throwing away the history of Kashan, the honor of Theraje, the lives of officials, and the lives of the people.

'That Theraje... …

It's not that I'm angry at the emperor for abandoning his responsibilities.

He hated seeing her, who had risen to the top of the world, earnestly clinging to life.

“Mother, I would rather… …

“Save me.”

Gando couldn't say anything.

Said Gando, who had escaped the chaos of Havitz.

“That is all we want. If you accept the offer, I will open Aganos right away.”

Vulcan asked.

“What if I refuse?”

“At that time, Kashan will perish. But you will never get what the Gustav Empire wants.”

“Uorin.”

Havitz opened his mouth.

“Where are you?”

Gando pointed to the top layer of Aganos.

A white-haired woman was looking down from the window just below the fluttering white flag.

“What would you like to do?”

After looking up at the steeple for a long time, Habitz opened his mouth.

“Amon.”

Amon, clad in ironclad, stepped to the side.

“Kill them all.”

At the same time as the words fell, Amon's sword passed by causing a black afterimage.

As if evaporating, the bodies of all the nobles were split in two except Gando, who disappeared as if turned into electricity.

"Kyaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah

The ladies-in-waiting and attendants who were further away screamed and ran away.

"damn!"

Gando, who had cast spark magic, frowned and lay face down at the place where the crowd was splitting.

'Did I notice?'

No, I just did whatever I wanted.

'It's definitely the Queen's natural enemy.'

Now that Plan A had failed, Gando's eyes were on Havitz, who was only 20 meters away.

'If only I could kill... …

It was a life he gave up anyway.

Gando, who cast spark magic at the army of hell, cast lightning in front of Havitz.

“Aaaaaaa!”

Complete liberation that leaves no room for magic.

Blue electricity spread out in all directions, clawed the air and caused a huge explosion.

Whoops!

'I missed it!'

Amon's subordinate, a division commander-level demon, embraced Habits and soared into the sky.

Sumodo let out a sigh of relief.

'If the demons didn't help, would Havits die?'

Vulcan drew his sword and came to the side.

“Sumodo, don’t make it complicated. Just don't die, just stick that in your head.”

“… … Right. OK.”

Kashan's Guards were pouring an offensive, but the 7th Corps Commander's direct unit was also formidable.

“Was it a trap?”

Vulcan shook his head.

"no. Until a little while ago, the crowd flag hadn't been able to catch any kills. I was really trying to surrender.”

“Then why the hell?”

Vulcan smiled bitterly.

"You're amazing, Therazzee."

They wanted to live even if it meant killing all of the nearly 1 billion people.

“Go to the spire!”

Amon flew to the spire in an instant, grabbed the woman standing in the window, and came down.

A woman with dyed white hair was trembling with fear.

“Sah, save me… …

She cried out in tears as she tried to beg for her life.

“Hurrah, Her Majesty!”

The Vulcan, who had been decapitated with a sword, looked back at the exhausted Gando and asked.

“Uorin. Where are you?”

Gando only raised one corner of his mouth with difficulty.

While the Five Stars remained silent adhering to their respective philosophies, the other stars argued.

Minnie jumped up and screamed.

“We must go to Kashan immediately! When the Three Emperors collapse, the power of the demons becomes even stronger!”

“Why? Kashan tried to attach himself to the demons. It is human to do anything for profit.”

“I agree. It's a human thing anyway. The ivory tower pursues a transnational purpose... …

<Law Kill> roared again.

Aaaaaaaaaaa!

The voice disappeared like a lie, and all the stars turned to Sirone.

“Enough now.”

Ivory Tower.

The pinnacle of the magical world that is not swayed by any power and only pursues learning purely.

“I’m leaving the ivory tower.”

Minerva asked with a surprised expression at the unexpected remark.

“Sirone, what are you talking about?”

“Don't get me wrong. It's not that I'm angry or disappointed. Everyone here is right.”

The problem is that everyone is right.

“Are you not running away?”

Fried said without turning his head.

“I was acquainted with the Empress of Kashan. you back away I don't know how it came to be like that. We plan the whole of this world. If it's really for the sake of the world, go through it here. press us.”

"no."

Sirone was adamant.

“Now I understand what you are saying. He said he came up to this position because he hated being entangled with humans and was tired of arguing.”

"okay. That is the ivory tower.”

“So let’s go up.”

to a higher place.

Sirone opened her mouth, glaring coldly at Fried, who turned her head only then.

“I’m fed up with getting entangled with you guys.” Fried's face turned red, and Thing looked at Sirone with an expression of interest.

Minerva burst out laughing.

'okay. That's how it's like you.'

Sirone, who had snatched the trembling <False> in the air, approached Taeseong.

“If you start from the North Pole, it will be late. Please let me out of here.”

“… … Outside is space.”

Sirone looked down at the blue planet reflected under the transparent glass floor.

"It's the fastest way."

"all right."

Strangely, Taeseong seemed to be in a good mood even though he was leaving the convocation without permission.

'Yes, Sirone. The place you want to go is not the best, but something more.'

And someday, you will come into conflict with me over that one and only place.

'Material Earl.'

When Sirone emitted the light of Yahweh, a transparent sphere was created around him.

Minerva nodded.

" aha??????

If it could penetrate the atmosphere, it would go straight to Kashan.

When Taeseong raised his hands, the glass ball containing Sirone floated up to the ceiling.

“Remember, Sirone. You said you were leaving the Ivory Tower... …

In an instant, the glass ball escaped from the Temple of Earth.

“I do not allow it.”

Attracted by the planet's gravity, the glass ball began to fall toward the desert at breakneck speed.