the terrible truth (3)

A village near the Pyramid of Truth.

Most of the people ended up leaving, but a few people stayed in the village.

"dad! dad!"

Arti, an 18-year-old girl, was thrilled with the realization of a story she had heard since childhood.

“Dad was right! Pyramid! The Pyramid of Truth is shining brightly!”

“Arty!”

The stout-built father stood up.

“Dad made it clear! Don't even come close to the Pyramid of Truth! It is not a place for people to go!”

“But we are fine. As Dad said, you know the ballot. He didn't even leave town.”

“Ha, I really can’t stop. Dad is getting old because of you.”

said his wife, looking out the window.

“It seems that the time for the prophecy has come. Honey, shouldn’t Arti know now?”

"huh! yes!"

Dad, lost in thought for a moment, went into the room and brought an old wooden box.

“Come here.”

Dad, sitting in front of Artie, opened the box and found an old parchment document.

"what's this?"

The father smiled at the slightly disappointed daughter's tone.

“Guild oath.”

" Guild?"

Dad looked out the window.

“No one knows when the Pyramid of Truth was built. But the king who founded the ancient Paras, Pharaoh, seems to have known the secret passed down through oral tradition. So Pharaoh made his own tomb the same as the Pyramid of Truth. He believed that if he fell asleep there, he could one day be resurrected.”

“So you resurrected?”

“Arti, death is the privilege of the dead. Eternal sleep or the decay of the body are just thoughts of the living. The resurrection will be the same.”

“Hmm.”

It was like I didn't know.

“The important thing is that the ancient pharaohs knew the existence of gods. Perhaps it was handed down in secret. But besides Pharaoh, there were people who knew the existence of God.”

Dad heard the guild oath.

“Masons who had to search for the Pyramid of Truth and build a pyramid identical to it. This is the oath of secrecy of the ancient masons' guild (Freemason) that they gathered together.”

Arti looked at the seal at the top of the oath.

“Hoo.”

A pupil in the same triangle as the pyramid emitted a brilliant halo.

Dad said.

“This is an exhibition plan. It is also called the Eye of Providence. The eyes of a god that sees through all of this world. Dad's dad, grandfather's grandfather, if you go all the way back like that, you'll find our ancestors who built the pyramids.”

“Then, what about the phrase that Dad taught you?”

"okay. The ancient masons' guild had mystical powers. It seems to have been put into practice now, but I don't know. Is it going to continue its life somewhere? All Dad knows is the phrase he heard from his grandfather.”

That alone made the girl's heart tremble.

“That's why we didn't leave town. Everyone has changed strangely.”

"yes. but… …

As the inside of the house flashed, Dad turned his head.

“Looks like we have to leave now.” When the electricity that wrapped around the pyramid struck the sky like a thunderbolt, space was torn apart.

Arti approached the window.

“… … Exhibition view.”

One eye was contemplating the world.

“Aaaaa!”

Rukia bounced out of the inside of the pyramid, which was all wrapped in electricity.

As she fell to the floor, her body convulsed and her eyes trembled in shock.

“Miss Rukia! Wake up!”

What did you see?

The mind that had already passed into the realm of infinity could not be returned in any way.

"damn!"

The group looked up at the ceiling, following a bunch of electricity gushing out of the mechanism.

The bricks soaked with electricity were as transparent as glass, and God's eyes stayed in the sky.

'I've seen it.'

Sirone said to the group.

“I’ll be back.”

said Canis.

“Go with me. He has business to do.”

"no."

Sirone was adamant.

“I am going alone. I don't even know what's out there, but I can't put it in danger.”

“Don’t be condescending. I admit that you are strong, but I also have my own fight.”

“Canis.”

Sirone said soothingly.

“If you go, Arin will say he will go too.

going to be." “Leave it to me. If that eye were really a god, they might be able to negotiate.”

I realized it when I went to the Maika ruins.

'It may be my own illusion, but I was definitely trying to convey something. About the guffin... …

“Sirone.”

said Canis.

“If you don’t listen to me, grab me by the collar and bring me.”

"okay."

He knew better than anyone how I felt, so I was grateful to him for willingly yielding to me.

“Whoa.”

outside world.

I vaguely guessed it, but it was the first time I faced the reality head-on.

“I’ll be back.”

The Miracle Stream enveloped her body, becoming particles of light like dandelion seeds that pierced the wall.

Ares murmured as he looked up at Sirone, who materialized outside the pyramid.

“Yes, please come back.”

Because I can't make my younger sister a widow who hasn't even gotten married.

The members of the Catacombs left the enemy in front of them and rushed towards Sirone.

“Abominable Yahweh!”

What Sirone was trying to do was self-evident.

'Purification of Melkidu.'

In other words, it was to embrace the sins of everyone here.

Gyorgi thought

'Are you serious?'

If I had been able to forgive in the first place, I wouldn't have thrown it away like vomiting disgusting things.

“You hypocrite.”

Gyorgi's voice gained strength as he walked forward.

“You really can?”

The evil that is terribly selfish, seeks only pleasure, and leaves everything to others.

“Huh huh r

After opening the Immortal Function, Sirone embraced Mel Kidu's everything in her heart.

It was a terrible feeling.

'Evil is evil.'

I hate it, I hate it, I hate it so much.

'It's a contradiction.'

Sirone doesn't know Yorahhan, but how can a great forgiveness mean knowing someone's dream?

'sacrifice.'

Just like Rukia did.

'If you love, you can sacrifice. I might give you my life But why my... … '

Should I hug the devil?

The moment he faced that contradiction, his heart was rather stained with turbid anger.

“Die, Yahweh!”

As the Catacombs rushed forward, lightning struck around Sirone.

“Thunder god’s judgment.”

Nade, who raised the incarnation of the god of thunder, glared at them with a fearful face.

“If you approach it, it will kill you.”

Eden has arrived with the support of Iruki.

“Something is strange.”

The Spirit Zone, which should have spread infinitely, was rather collapsing inside.

said Iruki.

“You are caught in a logical contradiction. You can't swallow Melkidu. If you continue like this, you will rather be stained with evil.”

Sirone's heart was screaming.

' why'?'

Was I really a hypocrite?

'I don't know. they don't do anything Am I the one who always has to sacrifice? I bear, I forgive,

I, I, I everything... …

Sirone stopped thinking.

" ah."

Harvits said.

- You say you're going to pick up the garbage alone for the rest of your life, you idiot.

'I see.'

Why do we need to forgive evil... … .

'Only one.'

because it is good

“Huh!”

Sirone's face was tearful, but

The spirit zone spreads rapidly again to infinity

lost.

“Aaaaaa! no! don't do it!"

Feeling a different temperament than before, the demons in the catacombs knelt down and grabbed their heads.

'really?'

Gyorgi didn't believe it.

'With perfect goodness without the slightest bit of malice, with a heart that has reached the pinnacle of that goodness... … Forgive me?'

Integration of Zen and Ae.

'okay.'

Sirone's gaze turned to Gyorgi.

'I don't resent anyone. I'm not sorry. i do it because i can

going to be.'

Since not a single bit of evil remains, Shirone is not a hypocrite, but a true goodness.

So, get rid of the pretense.

'really… …

let's forgive

After embracing everything with extreme sacrifice, the Spirit Zone spread at a tremendous speed.

Cuckoo Cuckoo!

As Melkidu's system was purified, the entire island where the Hall of Evil was located began to shake.

Took. Took.

Debris fell on Curtis and Pena's heads.

The moment Sirone's feelings were conveyed through the Spirit Zone, he felt a huge sense of forgiveness.

Pena asked.

“What are we going to do now?”

“I don’t know.”

Curtis turned his head.

“It's not something we can choose.”

After being silent for a while, the two of them clashed their fists with bitter smiles.

Hall of Evil.

Sitting down in Lilith's room, Cain looked up at the portrait with a calm expression.

Cuckoo Cuckoo!

Even at the moment when his life's achievements disappeared, his mind remained only in the past.

Tears flowed silently.

"mother."

I try to smile, but the only thing that moves is the corner of my mouth.

“I was wrong.”

The Hall of Evil has fallen.

“Huh! Whoops!”

As time passed and the light of purification grew stronger, the members of the Catacombs shed tears.

“Yahweh. us, us... …

Because no one, not even one human being had ever truly forgiven evil.

“Save me.”

The demons evaporated in a huge catharsis, and Nade looked at the gradually becoming transparent Si Lone.

“I will be back.”

"of course. Because it's an infinite wizard.”

At that moment, Giyorgi, the only one left among the demons, opened the Devil's Bible.

“The Satanic Revelation. Chapter 32.”

It was the last page.

“Satan said, Fear not the good. Everyone is just a hypocrite, so raise the forces of evil.”

“That guy is all the way!”

The moment Nade was about to step out, Eden stopped him.

"for a moment."

Giyorgi's voice was calm.

“Hypocrites will persecute you. prepare for the temple Get the victory by means of evil.”

Is it so, Yahweh?

“Do not be persuaded. don't try to convince There is no mercy for those who forsake us.”

can we be you too

When all human beings achieve an integrated mental system that is perfectly right.

“Dries the seeds of goodwill.”

We too are not evil, ugly, and disgusting.

“Clear the name of the line.”

Thoughts that we can do because we are human, something we can control because we are human, sometimes it becomes joy, sometimes it is the coolest and happiest thing in life… … .

with emotions.

“Remember, my children.” can i be saved?

“As long as there is a single good left in the world.”

widely.

After closing the Devil's Bible, Giyorgi calmly closed his eyes and waited for the extinction.

“There is no shrine to the devil.”

Melkidu disappeared in a huge flash.

And at the same time... … .

Sirone's consciousness, which was running toward Jin Seong-eum in the underworld, spun around.

“Keugh!”

In the state of choeni bardo across the boundary between reality and the other side, the integration of emotions is a real shock.

Of course, it was half the shock, but it was a powerful demon that made me lose my mind.

'no. A little further... …

With her eyes on the Valley of Wailing at the end of the horizon, Sirone fell to the ground.

The black monks that filled the sky flew in.

-Now! Bind Yahweh!

The moment when uncountable chains bound Sirone and black clouds covered the land.

Aaaaaaa!

With a flashing sensation, the black curtain that had been tangled up was torn apart.

“Pooh!”

Lian, holding Sirone in his arms with his left arm, appeared brandishing a great straight sword.

“Hey, Sirone. What's wrong all of a sudden?"

There was no answer, but his eyelids trembled as if he was fighting something.

Yahweh's heart is in the process of integrating good and evil, but Lian can't know.

“… … What's going on?”

Someone's scream echoed in the Valley of Wailing.