[585] In the name of God (4)

* * *

After passing through a deep, deep underground tunnel, a fist-sized marble filled with blue electricity was floating in the air.

Fermi looked at the marble.

It was an electrical encryption device that was extremely difficult to find even in Radum, and it was a device that was applied to a level 2 security level or higher even in the Magic Association.

“The money is running out.”

Transactions in out-of-regulation-depreciation.

A chip containing information magic worth 1.7 billion gold, an indicator, popped up on the palm of my hand.

When he swallowed it and cast a spell, the orb's electricity spread into a veil, revealing its internal circuitry.

From now on, it's pure brain territory, but compared to the security level, the password system wasn't that complicated.

'There seems to be no expert in information magic.'

Of course, this did not mean that it was easy, and Fermi managed to crack the code only after wandering for about 30 minutes.

The beads glowed red, revealing a completely different landscape.

Inside the huge cave, there were skeletons clinging to the walls as if they were carved entirely, and at the end of the cave, which curved like a snake, several figures were having a conversation with drinks.

There's no way they wouldn't know that Fermi had arrived, but they didn't seem to care.

'This is to the point of giving goosebumps.'

Even without blocking access with a security device, the air in the cave was sharp as if a blade was floating.

The fact that Fermi, who had gone through all the pre-natal battles, could know that no matter who was pointed out here, they were looking at the pinnacle in their field.

'but… … .'

Come to think of it, it wasn't particularly surprising.

Because the person waiting for Fermi was the man who reached the pinnacle of time magic.

“You came at last. I will appreciate your resourcefulness.”

“No matter how much they were being chased, I didn’t expect them to be in a place like this.”

Fermi smiled and walked towards the man whose eyes were bandaged.

“Eternal Reflector, Mr. Armin.”

Armin, who left the Ivory Tower, joined hands with Miro, and was on a mission with some people.

“How did you find me?”

Fermi is the son of Yolga, a heroine comparable to Miro, and a genius, but the situation was still questionable.

“To be honest, I heard. Mr. Sein.”

'three.'

He, who is active under the name of Snake in Black Line, was also helping Miro.

'Does sending Fermi obediently mean acceptance?'

“First of all, from the negotiations I mentioned before… … .”

Fermi, who was walking towards the table where Armin was sitting, stopped abruptly.

If I had gone one centimeter closer, I would have died.

'wow.'

It was the one-armed swordsman leaning against the wall behind Armin who was breathing the kind of murder he had never experienced before.

Farka Kuan, who was once an instructor at Kaizen Swordsmanship School, is currently working with Armin to prepare for the upcoming war.

“Sit down.”

Only after Armin gave permission did the curtain of life fall back.

“… … yes."

Fermi answered honestly and pulled out the chair.

'Phew, they're adults.'

Although Fermi had nothing to fear in the world, it would have been better for her to act like a calm magic school student for this moment.

'Also, these are my aunt's friends.'

A lineup of so-called labyrinths.

Including Sain as well as Gaold, the former head of the Magic Association who is currently in hiding, it was a truly powerful squad.

'My mother had it too.'

Fermi also had Yoga's colleagues whom he called uncles and followed.

'If it wasn't for the events of that day... … .'

Armin asked, feeling Fermi's cold eyes.

“You came here for a deal, right?”

“The promised funds are ready. All that remains is the signature.”

Fermi pulled out the depreciation contract.

“The deadline is one week. Transaction amount 100 billion gold. I will pay in installments over three years.”

Armin looked down at the trade agreement.

Just by making it this far, Fermi's talent was as he had been told by Miro.

'but… … .'

I couldn't decide if it was the right thing to do.

Above all, it was unknown why Miro had allowed Fermi to investigate Istas.

“You must keep your promise.”

The unsuitable nervousness in Fermi's voice meant that the situation was out of his control.

“Miro knows this.”

The promise between Fermi and Armin was a long time ago, but now Miro has heard about it.

“Are you confident to take responsibility? could die No, even if he came out alive, wouldn’t it be good to have Maze as an enemy?”

Fermi's smile disappeared.

“Would you have been able to say that even 19 years ago?”

“… … .”

“I just want to be sure. Whose things did your aunt originally belong to?”

Armin, who was lost in thought, took up a pen and signed it, and Fermi's eyes twinkled.

“As promised, signed.”

When Fermi, who was much younger than now, came to visit, a deal that he thought would be absolutely impossible was made.

"thank you."

When Eating Out the Rules was cast, a piece of chip that shone like gold was summoned.

It was the time stop magic, stop.

* * *

As the fourth scramble was summoned and the hand of Iruki and Hercy decreased, the probability of random cards began to fluctuate.

'Why do you split the hand?'

Hersy's doubts became clear when she opened the next random card.

'It's black again.'

It was the turn that had to come out with a probability of 78%.

'Of course, the probability of 22 percent cannot be ignored. But the fact that this happens so often... … .'

It was an obvious manipulation of probability.

"Right. I’m not taking Caen.”

“Dorothy, Kang.”

One second after Iruki bet Kang, Dorothy's card, ○○○ (religion), was destroyed.

“If Kang or Pao is not selected, the cards that have been disassembled are not mixed with the random cards.”

After listening to Hercy, Fishaw checked the status of the Master Card.

“Sabina is destroying scramble. The speed is superior to us, but we can't see a big benefit as it is.”

“I guess it goes the same way. There are around 40 scrambles left now, including the ones I collected.”

The match was to be decided only until the end of the final.

"no. then we win After all, the probability is fixed at some point.”

As the number of chess pieces decreases, the number of variables also decreases.

“The winner of this game is Cayden.”

A smile spread across Hersie's lips.

* * *

It's been a while since the fifth scramble was summoned, but it no longer mattered to Amy and Caden.

“Oohhh!”

Every time the cross sword rotated like a windmill, cold waves blew everywhere.

Amy surrounded the area with fire mist, but this time a blade similar to an air cut cut through the fire curtain.

A skilled person who can melt all attributes into swordsmanship.

'Despite having such a talent... … .'

Is it the fate of the Red Cross that is bound to be frustrated?

“Stop talking nonsense!”

As Amy's crimson eyes shone, her firepower increased explosively.

'One way, one way!'

When I penetrated the focus once again in a state of concentration, my body burned like a torch as I entered a temporary state of samadhi.

"what?"

There is no magician who can withstand a fire of over 1,000 degrees Celsius.

'It's a vacuum.'

Magic that combines the attributes of air and fire.

It was Amy's secret technique 'Fine' that blocked the convection of heat by creating a vacuum inside the flame.

“But you can’t block radiant heat, can you?”

The only time Amy could survive in a state of fire was 10 minutes.

“Enough to take down an idiot like you.”

"idiot?"

“Don’t you think it’s selfish? Everyone has one burden in life. But I don’t want to ruin other people’s lives out of desperation.”

“Maybe.”

When Cayden, who had the cross sword set up, put his palm together, cold air rose up.

“But do you know? The weight of my destiny outweighs the weight of all men.”

'That's stupid!'

The sight of Amy rushing forward was like a huge fireball rolling down.

“You fool. Trying to engage the swordsman in close combat.”

It was the first time Amy had closed the distance first in a battle so far.

“Is it really so?”

As Amy's flames soared recklessly, she became a fire giant and attacked Cayden.

'Isn't it magic?'

The cross sword cut the giant, but the energy of ice disappeared without even resisting.

'Ifrit.'

Another battery installed in Amy.

An ancient spirit, Jack O'Lantern, evolved into a demon of flame riding on the energy of the sword.

“Fire Fist!”

Ifrit's fists, made of fire smoke, were separated into dozens and swung.

Woooooooooooooooooooooooooh!

With the explosion of flame, the last of black and white, the 6th scramble was summoned.

* * *

'done.'

Sirone calmly opened her eyes.

At the point where the time is approaching midnight, the time period of the statue of Buddha is distorting the landscape to such an extent that objects cannot be distinguished.

'100 views.'

It was the arrival point of the sequence ceremony that Sirone finally reached.

On the one hand, I expected it, but as expected, nothing to be ashamed of.

The number 100 is great only on a human scale, and this was also only a very narrow range of natural numbers.

However, it was enough time to subdue Eden.

When he arose, the landscape returned to normal, and the embodiment of the Light Angel soared to the top of the tree.

“Eden is... … .”

After checking the Master Card, Sirone set out to find Eden, focusing on areas where there were no scrambles.

After making full use of the Spirit Zone and narrowing the radius as if chasing prey, Eden was finally captured by synesthesia.

Perhaps the other person felt it too, but she did not run away or hide.

“… … You are here.”

Sirone checked Eden's condition.

'There is no Master Card.'

Similarly, Eden also looked up at Sirone's incarnation.

“Is it the identity of the ability to control time?”

“I’ve been thinking a lot.”

Sirone approached Eden.

“And I came to a conclusion. Eden, your omnipotence is not absolute. It's just strong.”

“Human beings have a tendency to belittle those who have not reached them. Because he's afraid of what he doesn't know. It is also the reason why people deny the existence of God.”

“If God really exists, why are you trying to prove it?”

“Is it proof that it merely reveals what exists?”

“You deny Gaold.”

“Because he denied God first.”

"That's why it's not perfect."

“I don’t know what you mean. If you have other ulterior motives... … .”

“I could die.”

Sirone stopped talking.

"I'm bringing this up just because I don't want to kill you. give up even now Your omnipotence is not absolute. If you get attacked by me in that state... … .”

Sirone was sincere.

“I could really die.”

Eden shook his head with a sad expression.

“Is this the way I thought at best? Shaking my mind?”

“Listen, Eden.”

“No, fine. Okay, let's assume you're right.”

Eden's defenses shone with divine light.

“Suppose my omnipotence is not absolute. Even so, God is watching over me. There is no such thing as conceit. Even if it's not perfect, there's nothing wrong with defeating you.”

Eden opened his arms and said.

“If it's not perfect, I'll avoid it. Because that would be another solution God gave me.”

"I'm saying this because it can't be avoided."

Sirone gritted his teeth and said.

“When I start doing something, I assure you, you can never avoid it. This is your final warning. Give up even now.”

“How arrogant are humans.”

Eden's eyes became rather calm even after hearing his earnest words.

“Do you think you can control time and become a god? you're welcome."

Eden's defenses burned with the greatest brightness ever.

“I have an invincible space that God has allowed.”

“… … I get it."

As soon as the words were finished, the light angel penetrated Sirone's body and the time period began to spread.

“Please do not resent me.”

before God's name.

Time and space were about to collide.

---------------------------------------