[182] 4. Reversal of the Law (3)

After 10 meters, the smell of blood became stronger.

Tess, with tension rising, was about to tell Sirone to slow down.

Suddenly the cave shook and blunt pillars protruded from the walls. The speed is also fast, but the size is also enough to crush humans.

Sirone and the others reflexively retreated.

When I looked at it from a distance, it was even more bizarre. Dozens of pillars protruding from the walls of the cave intersected.

"are you okay? Is anyone hurt?”

Sirone shouted, and Amy answered.

"huh. I don't think there is. Sirone and you?”

“I’m fine too. Could it be that it was a trap?”

"no. There is no sign of artificial alteration in the cave. Besides, for a trap, the activation time is too fast.”

Tess was right. If he really wanted to kill him, he would have lured him to the point of inevitability and set off a trap. But the pillars jutted out from the front, as if their purpose was to deter access.

“If not a trap, what is?”

A boy's voice came from the end of the cave.

“Identify yourself! I won't miss it this time!"

Sirone held out her Shining to reveal what was inside.

A boy of about the same age was squatting with his hands on the floor. In the back, a strong-looking hairy boy was sitting with both legs stretched out, and blood could be seen between the fingers that covered his stomach.

It was Gadlock, the guide to Norr's shelter.

Guard Rock, who was looking at Sirone and the others, said to his disciple.

“Clove, I would have told you not to use earth magic in the cave. If even the ceiling collapses, we die too.”

After hearing the teacher's words, Clove stood up slowly. Even so, the eyes of the boundary did not disappear.

From their conversation, Sirone felt familiar as if she had come to her original world. He did not understand the language of the Norse, but the pronunciation and intonation were similar to those of the common continent.

Kanya went up to them and spoke in the Norse language.

“Are you Norse? I've been looking for you all this time."

“Hoo? Now that I see it, they are proud subjects. So, what are the Mecha people who hate exploration and adventure terribly doing here?”

“Yeah, of course in Nord’s Shelter… … .”

Kanya stopped talking and checked the condition of the guard lock. Her mouth is smiling, but her complexion is pale.

Blood was flowing from his stomach.

It was strange. What was there to be injured in the valley of the whirling snakes where there was only one law?

“Are you hurt? Maybe the whirlpool snake... … .”

“No, not the law. I was beaten by Kergo.”

The word Kergo stuck in Sirone's ears. At first I thought I had heard it wrong, but as Kanya raised the language of the Norse to the surface, their conversation began to be interpreted.

“Kergo? You mean they came all the way here to hunt?”

“There is no such thing as hunting because heretics do not live here. It seems that he was determined and aimed at us. Fortunately, I escaped a fatal wound, but I don't know what will happen if the bleeding continues.”

Sirone interrupted the conversation between the two.

“Did you just say Kergo? What did they say?”

“Kergo is also one of the subjects. The valley of the whirlpool snake is a safe place because there are no monsters living there, but it is a route that heretics often find to go to Norr's resting place. There are other hunters in those places.”

“After all, Kergoin hunts heretics.”

“Maybe you will catch up soon. It has good tracking ability. On top of that, they use the giant's technology. It's not a problem to find this place by smell like Tess.”

Sirone guessed that the giant's skill was a schema. If so, this wasn't the time to be talking about it.

Arin attempted telepathy directly to the Norse.

“Could you take us to Nord’s Shelter?”

Guardlock and Clove's expressions changed to bewilderment. Although the language was unintelligible, the meaning was automatically understood.

“What are these little boys doing? Is it a fairy's ability?"

“No, they are from the country of the earth. Like you, I use magic. In fact, it may be a little different, but I think I'm a descendant of the Norse anyway.”

Kanya packaged it so that the Norse could accept Sirone and the others as friendly as possible. It is because the best way to survive Purgatory for as long as possible is to enter the Norr community.

"What, so you're saying imitation?"

Clove's eyes toward Sirone and the others turned disgusting.

Norse people are curious, so they were the most law-breaking race in heaven. Therefore, they knew more forbidden secrets than the Meccans.

The same was true of the kingdoms of the earth.

The earthly kingdom is said to be a shadow imitating the heavenly kingdom, the perfect world. That's why the people living there are nothing more than imitations made after the people in heaven.

In Clove's opinion, Sirone and the others were inferior to anything else in heaven. It was because the gap between the Norse and the Mojo was as great as the difference between the Creator and the creature.

“Are we imitators? what is that?"

Ignoring Sirone's words, Clove pointed to the backpacks placed along the wall.

“Hey, you guys. Come over here and pick up your luggage. singly."

There was no need to go through menarche. Clove's tone contained feelings of humiliation. Amy shot at him, stunned by the sight of him standing with his chin held up arrogantly.

“Why do we have to carry your burden?”

“Isn’t it obvious? Because you have to run away.”

“Then why do we have to carry that burden?”

“Because you are imitators. Wouldn't you be here without us? Of course, you should follow it with a grateful heart.”

Clove seemed to accept it as an established fact that Sirone and the others had to obey orders.

Even so, when he checked his face, he twitched his nostrils and played with Amy's hair.

“It’s fine for a mojo. How about coming into my house? Don’t you want to live safely in Purgatory?”

Amy's eyes widened.

Whether it is a subject or a fake person, such a problem can be passed over because it is the way of thinking here. However, the act of touching a woman's body was just out of character, regardless of heaven.

“Get your hands off me. Because I can blow it up.”

"haha! are you me Well, since I'm a mojo, I'll use a little magic. But it won't work for me.”

“Stop it, Clove.”

Sensing the anger at Master's voice, Clove stepped back.

Only then did I feel the atmosphere of this place. Sirone and the others were glaring at him with murderous eyes.

"what? What if you look at me?”

“Clove, there is no time. Are you going to make me die here?”

Realizing Master's injury, Clove hurriedly helped Guardlock. Then, Gadlock stood up on his disciple's shoulder and apologized on Clove's behalf.

“I’m sorry. It's the first time even I've seen a mojo person, so I think there was a problem with how to respond. After all, you are also human. I am a guard rock I think we have to leave this place. Can you help me? It looks like you guys have come to Norr's Shelter too. We will guide you.”

Guardlock was at least like a wizard. It's not easy to apologize in front of your students, but you know that it's important to cooperate in order to survive, whether you're a mojo or not.

Sirone and the others also decided that it would be dangerous to stay for a long time, so they carried their backpacks on their backs without muttering.

We arrived at the place where Clove's work, Pillars are intertwined.

Clove, who was supporting Guard Rock, had to sweat for a long time to get out.

Amy snorted. She also sued the situation in which she was cast by magic, but seeing that she did not expect this, I wondered if her head was falling a little.

Sirone paid no attention to Clove and was thinking about the magic he cast.

The magic of pillars coming out of the walls was both radical and dynamic. However, I felt that it would be very inefficient to use it in the way I know.

Maybe the ancient magic's ingredients are different. With that in mind, Sirone asked Gadlock.

“But what is this magic?”

Clove let out a condescending laugh and intercepted the answer.

"haha! what are you not able to do? This is crazy. Earth magic is the basic of the basics.”

As he said that, he winked at Amy with one eye.

“I can teach you.”

"No thanks? I don't want to make my friends suffer.”

Clove's face turned red at the sarcastic comment about the situation from a while ago.

Guardlock was also curious about Sirone's magic. He is a fake and uses unusual magic.

As far as he knew, the sphere of light Sirone was floating in her hand was magic that could not be realized here. Because the cave is a realm of darkness.

I don't know if I made a contract with the light spirit, but judging from the lack of activity, it wasn't like that.

“Hmm, hard to explain. You guys don't use this kind of magic, do you?"

“There is magic that uses the properties of the land, but there is no magic that makes columns protrude from caves.”

“Maybe the principle is different. We use magic by borrowing the power of nature. Where there is fire, there is fire magic; where there is water, there is water magic. It's the same reason why Clove used earth magic. Of course, I don’t think I even thought about the danger of collapse.”

“No, Master. It was really urgent at the time.”

Clove made an excuse, but Sirone and the others weren't listening anyway. He couldn't afford to pay attention to other people's bullshit because he was talking through mental channels.

- Magic using the power of nature. Quite peculiar.

- The destructive power was also quite good. In the original world, the magic cast by Clove would be quite difficult. You made it easy though. Even though he's such a low-key guy.

Amy added to Canis's words.

-There are other advantages to borrowing the power of nature besides power. One person can handle multiple series. It's different from choosing a major and training like we do.

Arin pointed out the flaws.

-But there seems to be an aspect where the applicability is low. You are bound by the environment. You cannot cast magic if the desired attribute is not around.

To summarize the characteristics of ancient magic, it is broad, powerful, and capable of using various attributes. On the other hand, the environment was severely restricted, and in some cases, there was room for the magic itself to be blocked.

Heavenly magic and earthly magic. Which one would be more effective was still a question that could not be determined.

After leaving the cave, Kanya turned to Guard Rock and asked.

“By the way, where is Nord’s shelter?”

“You can't tell that to a Mecca. At least know that it's not here. It has to be done by magic, but it's impossible here. Follow me."

At that moment, Lena, who received the signal from the drone, confirmed her retinal vision and shouted.

"sister! It's a big deal!”

Kanya also closed one eye and received the information transmitted by the drone. In a valley not far away, a group was approaching at high speed.

“Oh, it’s Kergoin! We have to go quickly!”

A light of resignation dwelled in Guardrak's eyes.

"no. It's already too late. Their sense of smell is incredibly sensitive. You smelled blood.”

I haven't even heard the sound of it approaching yet. Still, the smell of blood meant that at least one of the group was an expert in the sensory system.

"What do we do? What should I do, Master?”

Clove asked, stamping her feet.

There was no way there was a clever idea called Guard Rock.

According to Lena, the number of pursuers was about twenty. Guardlock is injured and Clove is inexperienced. A collision like this would be annihilation.

“How about we do this?”

Everyone's eyes focused on Sirone.

@

A Kergo chasing party riding black horses galloped over the stream.

Their eyes, clad in red armor reflecting the sun, sparkled like a famous sword just pulled from a forge.

Upon arriving at the cave, the captain of the chase party raised his hand to stop the approach.

"stop! It's in a cave!”

Twenty men, led by the captain, stopped. A woman with a ponytail pulled her horse by the captain's side.

---------------------------------------