[17] Alpheas Magic School (3)

“Of course it is nonsense. I am my father's son. I will never be adopted by someone else.”

“Sir, Sirone.”

Vincent's voice trembled with emotion. There was no hesitation in his son's tone. No, on the contrary, it seemed that it was unpleasant to even make him say such a thing.

Even the family members were taken aback by Sirone's determined attitude.

Of course, it was a difficult problem. But to answer so clearly meant that there was no conflict in my heart.

Unlike before, Klump looked at Sirone with calm eyes.

“Are you really going to be okay? This is a great opportunity to become a noble. Luck doesn't come to everyone.”

“If I had to change my father, I would rather live as a commoner.”

“Commoners cannot enter magic academies.”

“Then I will not enter the magic school.”

"If you don't go to magic school, you can't become a wizard."

“Then I won’t become a wizard.”

“Sirone!”

Clump jumped up with burning eyes. It was because Sirone's upright attitude was frustrating. Why is a child whose brain spins at other times so stubborn about an easy problem?

“Is it because of guilt? This world is not so easygoing. In order to succeed, there are things you have to give up. Or were your dreams so trivial?”

Just looking up at the gigantic Klump felt intimidating. However, Sirone, as always, answered calmly.

“Maybe it is.”

"what?"

“No matter how great my dreams are, they are also inherited from my parents. My parents are the roots that nourished my fruit and allowed me to dream. The fact that I got the chance now in the Ogent family, the fact that I became a butler before that, and the fact that I became able to read before that were all possible because I had the roots of my parents. The one opportunity given to me now is nothing compared to the infinite opportunities my parents have passed down to me. But now, to deny that root and go forward by receiving nourishment from other roots is no different than telling me to wither and die.”

The living room was silent. But a storm was raging in everyone's heart. Rayna wiped away her tears and Rihanna smiled at her with pride for her friend.

Clump's eyes shook as he looked down at Sirone.

'How can such a child... … .'

The one who was misunderstanding was himself. Could she have been wrong in the first place? Even without someone's help, wouldn't this child eventually become a wizard?

big. no, infinite Even the honor of the Ogent family was only a passing opportunity for this child.

No one can catch this child. Until this kid catches it first.

Sirone smiled only after convincing everyone.

“I am grateful for the offer. But I can't accept it. My parents are the only two people here right now.”

Vincent clenched his fists. I'm embarrassed. I want to crawl under the sofa right now. What is it that makes you feel sad about that piece of paper? My son believes in himself like this. Parents who didn't do anything were just trying to feel sad about it.

“Sirone… … Please accept me as an adopted son of the Ogent family.”

"father."

Vincent closed his eyes tightly.

“Please adopt Sirone! please!"

No one thought of Vincent as an ugly parent. They would have done the same if it was a family problem.

“I understand how you feel, but I can’t help it. How can we turn our hearts away when our son said this?”

“Sirone… … Sirone is not actually our child.”

"honey!"

Everyone's eyes widened at Vincent's remarks. But it was Sirone who was more surprised than anyone else. 

It wasn't just because of the secret of his birth. In fact, anyone here must have guessed. Even if you look at her appearance and size, Sirone and her parents are completely different.

However, the current remark was a matter of parent-child relationship that could not be compared with documents. For the sake of his child's dream, Vincent was really prepared to give up being his father.

“My husband and I cannot have children. Sirone is a child who was acquired by chance. As you have seen her, she must be a child of a noble family. He is a worthy son for me. If you become the adopted son of a noble, you will rather find your place, so it will never be a matter of denying your roots.”

If you think about it, the words made sense, so the people in the audience struggled.

However, as if to break their thoughts, Sirone shouted with a sad expression.

"dad!"

“Sirone?”

“What are you doing? How dare you say such a thing without consulting! You've never said anything like that before!”

“Mi-I’m sorry, Sirone. The reason I didn't tell you... … .”

“Do you know why I didn't ask? Because everyone has one father. There is only one mother. How many parents are you trying to make of me? It's already six minutes because of my father.”

Vincent was shocked. The two adopted, the two themselves, and the two who abandoned Sirone, there were a total of six. After thinking about it like that, he couldn't help but wonder what he was doing to his son.

“Me, I’m just sad that you gave up on your dreams because of me… … .”

“Who gives up on their dreams? Opportunities come along in life! Do you know what it feels like to be abandoned twice by your parents?”

Tears welled up in Sirone's eyes.

Only then did Vincent realize. He was a smart and thoughtful kid, so he didn't know. That his own son is now only 17 years old.

“Sirone, I’m sorry! What has this father done! I will never entrust you to anyone else. I will definitely make your dreams come true!”

"dad!"

As Vincent hugged her, Sirone finally broke into her father's arms, wiping away tears. how afraid you were How sad must it have been for a deep-seated child who couldn't even express himself?

The members of the Ogent family watched the rich man's reunion with delight. The person whose heart was particularly shaken was Bischoff, the head of the household. He was also a father who left his wife early and raised four sons and daughters alone.

Bischoff quietly told Clump.

"I have no choice but to use my father's strength."

“You order everything from an old old man. How do you use your strength? Even the short-headed scholars' families stick out their tongues at Alpheas' stubbornness.”

Clump groaned and shook his head. However, he seemed to have a corner to believe, but his expression wasn't as bad as it was.

“Then, as the head of the household, I must give you some instructions. Let's take a look at what is called a special type. I know you have an old debt from what I heard.”

"joy! What is the one or two things that old man owes me? However, the problem is that he is not one to break the rules.”

“Wouldn’t that be?”

"haha. well? Isn’t reckless tactics the magic bullet for a guy who insists on principles?”

Bischoff smiled silently. It was because it reminded him of his situation in which he was forced to take over the family head because of that reckless strategy.

* * *

Sirone lived with the Ogent family until the day Lian left. It is unknown whether he will pass the special screening process, but even if he does, he will be enrolled at the beginning of next year, so he has six months to spend with his parents.

At the front gate of the Ogent family, an antique quadruped carriage was waiting to depart. It was a carriage that took the family to the royal castle.

Rai was riding first, and Clump decided to join at the halfway point after meeting Alpheas, the principal of the magic school.

Lian, who didn't want to part with Sirone, showed tears. Whether it's magic school or swordsmanship school, the completion period is not particularly set. If she didn't pass the graduation exam, she would have to go to school for years, so if she broke up this time, she had no promise of when they would reunite.

“Sirone, be sure to become a wizard! I'll write you!"

"okay. It's not that we won't be able to meet in the future, and we can come back from time to time. Stop crying.”

“You will definitely be able to graduate! I guarantee!”

Reina said as she punched her immature sister in the head.

“Please think about graduating! I'm most worried about you!"

“Mr. Ooo! I will work hard too! I will definitely become the strongest knight and become Sirone's sword.”

Sirone did not doubt that. Ryan will be fine. Although he did not have the same genius as Rai, he was Lian who had many things that Rai did not have.

Reina said while stroking Sirone's head.

“Sirone, don’t worry and have fun with your family for the time being. Grandpa will definitely get you into school. Because he doesn't talk nonsense."

"yes. and… … Thank you for your help."

Sirone said with sincerity. No matter how much he became friends with Lian, things wouldn't have turned out so well if it hadn't been for Raina's help.

Reina suddenly realized that she did not want to part with Sirone. He is 4 years younger, but the reason he doesn't look young is probably because he has a great personality.

“Sirone, after graduating from magic school… … .”

Reina was about to say something, but just laughed. He was a 17-year-old boy with a bright future. When he goes to the magic school, he will interact with many talented people who are incomparable to before.

"no. Let's work hard with each other. You can definitely become a wizard.”

"yes. Please take good care of Lian.”

“Whoops, don’t worry. I even took an oath to be a knight, so I'll work hard even if I don't nag you.”

Reina looked back at Sirone for the last time and got on the carriage. As the four horses stamped her feet, the window opened and Lian pulled her face out.

“Sirone, you are the best! When you enter the magic school, destroy everything!”

"you also! You must graduate!”

In this way, the life of a butler for 1 year and 6 months ended.

When I thought it was over, I felt a sense of sadness as if I was leaving home.

The great sword of the Ogent family, which made him feel intimidated when he first arrived, now felt like a symbol wishing him luck.

“Bocchan, let’s go. I will take you home.”

A carriage was waiting to pick up Sirone. Seeing it, she finally realized that she was going home.

Sirone bowed her head towards the mansion of the Ogent family.

“Thank you very much.”

* * *

Alpheas Magic School.

Around noon, when classes were in full swing, two elderly people were sitting face to face in the principal's office drinking tea.

A blue-haired man boasting a large body and a man with a gentle smile sitting hunched over looking at the window. 

They were Mirhi Alpheas and Ogent Klumph, friends of 50 years.

The conversation between the two stopped 30 minutes ago. To be precise, Clump was waiting for Alfeas' answer. 

no matter how long it takes Since it was Alpheas' turn to answer, Clump didn't say a word.

"No matter how much you are, I can't do that."

For an answer that came out in 30 minutes, it was an outrageous statement. But Clump grinned. 

He dragged on as if he had made a difficult decision, but in fact he probably wasn't thinking about it. The Alpheas he knew was such a mischievous person.

“Whatever you are? Do you know how much I suffered because of you when I was young?”

“Chuck! It seems that you are in a hurry to hear the official predicate come out of your mouth. However, I didn't make a special screening to become a hole for the nobles. Many requests come in every year, but even the special selection has its own conditions.”

“Hey, that sounds funny. It's a hole for nobles. But will it be different this time?”

Alpheas was a little uneasy. The mischievous look in Klump's eyes seemed to bring him another troublesome problem.

"I'm not asking you to accept a guy like the dog chaban. Quite the contrary. My youngest grandson's friend is very talented. It's like seeing you as a child.”

Alpheas's gaze changed vaguely at the story of 50 years ago. Come to think of it, time has already passed like this.

“If you’re the youngest grandson, would you say Lian, who is immature and reckless? You look just like you when you were little.”

“Quack! I had no talent, so I put him in a swordsmanship academy. Anyway, I'm going to tell you to take care of that kind of dog car class, and what I'm talking about is Lian's friend.”

“If you’re that talented, wouldn’t it be okay if you officially entered school? I can't help but think it's because there's a problem.”

“There is a very big problem. I am not an aristocrat.”

Alpheas' eyes widened. It wasn't because he solicited non-nobles. It was because a brief moment from five years ago flashed through his mind.

“I hope… … Is it the blonde, blue-eyed boy?”

---------------------------------------