[42] Another Genius (4)

“Huh? uh?"

When Sirone was shocked and unable to speak, Nade smiled awkwardly and explained.

"haha! Sorry. In fact, our research group has a bit of notoriety, so it would be difficult to reveal the members.”

It was the reason why the cranky Iruki stayed friends with Nade. However, the problem was the nature of the study group. It was incomprehensible that he, who was rational and cool-headed, was involved in an unscientific research society.

“You mean Iruki was interested in this kind of field?”

“On the contrary. A critical approach. Iruki believes that there is nothing in the world that is not logical. So, what better food could there be than this?”

Iruki continued muttering something as if he hadn't noticed Shirone. Then he looked at Nade for a second and then approached with a surprised face.

"uh? Sirone!”

Without even time to answer, Iruki, who strode forward, shook Shirone's shoulder and said.

“It came just fine. I just came up with something great! So what I mean is, it splits the smallest matter. It's the smallest, so how do you think it can be broken down? That's what I mean! If you split it, it's no longer a substance! So what the hell is it? I've been counting for three days. But, to my surprise, my God! There's a lot of energy inside. What if this were possible? huh? How do you think it will turn out? tell me quickly.”

He spoke so fast that I couldn't even hear him closely. But when she met her burning eyes, she felt like she had to say something.

“That, well? Will the energy be released?”

"That's right! huge explosion! An explosion that could blow up an entire city! can you imagine huh? You can imagine!”

Sirone was dumbfounded. Blowing up an entire city? Aside from being possible, it was a terrible idea.

“But when that happens, people die. Everyone in the city will die.”

“What do you mean? It's an explosion, an explosion! The city is blown away!”

"therefore! What will happen to the people living there when the explosion goes off?”

"huh? people living there?”

Iruki tilted his head as if to say something. Sirone finally realized and asked again.

"you… … Haven't you ever thought about it?"

"of course. It doesn't matter how big the explosive power can be. Should I even think about that?”

Sirone was creepy. He would have been a little convinced if he had said that it didn't matter if a human died. But Iruki wasn't even thinking about it.

“How could that be? Does it make sense that a wizard doesn't think about the ramifications of his magic?"

“You are talking foolishly, Sirone. That's what an anthropologist thinks. He says it is the duty of a genius to push through what he can.”

“If you are a genius who has no choice but to harm someone, a fool is much better.”

“A few geniuses feed a large number of idiots. History proves it. It is also the reality to which we belong. Sirone, I hate to bring up idealism.”

“No, your logic is steeped in defeatism. The ideal can fully come true!”

“It is ideal because it is ideal.”

When Sirone and Iruki growled like they were enemies, Nade intervened with an embarrassing eye smile.

"now! Let's stop. Discussion is good, but conflict is not. Let’s sit down and talk about this matter for now.”

"no. I have nothing to say. Nade, I'm coming!”

Sirone turned around and left the study group. Nade hurriedly chased after him and shouted.

“Sirone! Let's go together! How do you find your way alone?”

"Leave it alone. It's not like the structure has changed. You must be memorizing the way you came. If you can't even do that, you're really stupid.”

When I went out the door, Sirone was already gone. Nade returned, frowning at her.

“Why are you like that? You can say it in a way that is convincing enough.”

“Well. I don't know either. Maybe it's because it's a rival. One of them has to fall.”

It was extremely rare for the word rival to come out of Iruki's mouth. He was a child who had no interest in the competition itself, although his arrogant personality also played a part.

Women, wealth, and fame couldn't move him. All he was missing was formulas.

“Sirone is your rival? Are you serious about that?”

Iruki sat down on the sofa. As his butt was buried, dust rose.

“Did you see it too? Teleportation test. A bridge that cannot be crossed.”

“I saw it. That’s why we became classmates.”

“How fast must a person who first learned teleportation have to think to get out of a level 10, dragon maze?”

Iruki patted his head and said.

“According to my calculations, the unit in which Sirone splits an instant of time is at least 1/10,000th of a second.”

“1/10,000th of a second… … .”

Nade was terrified. Her head felt like it would explode when she thought of the gap of time expressed in numbers.

Iruki made a giggling sound and laughed.

“It is the mystery of insight. Faster than effort and more accurate than knowledge. Any conscious computational power will be slower than the speed of intuition. But, Nade.”

Madness flashed in Iruki's eyes.

"indeed… … What about me?”

“… … .”

Shirone's insight and Iruki's calculating ability. What would be faster? Remembering the clash between the two, Nade swallowed her saliva with a chilling thrill.

limitless(1)

After being called by Shiina, Shirone went to the teachers' office. She, who was reading her book, took her sirone to her teacher's lounge. She said as she offered her tea to Sirone.

“Now, since I was treated last time, I must treat myself this time.”

"haha! thank you."

After coming up to Class 5, Sirone's knock-off improved considerably. I've heard that lately she's often joked around with her classmates.

“But what did you find me for?”

“I saw the report card. It's been maintaining growth. It is especially encouraging that I have the highest chemistry score.”

“Hehe, even if it is, it’s only a one point difference.”

Even Shiina, the dedicated teacher, could not have predicted that Shirone would maintain such an upward trend for so long. The fact that there was no deviation of 2 points per subject even while running an average of 45 points meant that I could continue to improve for the time being.

“If we go on like this, we will be able to settle into the upper middle ranks from next month. In that case, the school will also pay attention to the way you study.”

“No, I wasn’t really trying to get attention.”

“Of course I know. So, the reason the teacher called me today is to make a suggestion.”

“A suggestion?”

“Did you know there is a practice test every two months? There's a targeting test this month. Do you know what?”

"yes. I saw Amy when she was in Class Four. It's her test to hit her target within time. Amy in particular was very fast because she was the target type. She was really cool.”

Shiina smiled as she looked at Sirone, whose eyes twinkled.

"okay. Amy seems to be doing well in her senior year. I would be sad to part with her girlfriend.”

It was not easy to meet the advanced class and the senior class because the curricula were different. We could go on a date on the weekend, but we weren't even dating, and it was difficult to find time for that.

“It's okay if you know you're working hard. I have to support him as a boyfriend.”

It would be rare to find a couple that goes out as soundly as Sirone and Amy. If it was like this, the school side would like to encourage a relationship. 

"okay. The introduction ends here, and the reason I called you today is for a practical exam. Is there any magic other than teleportation that you have learned?"

"no. If you look at the grades, you'll know, but I haven't met the standard yet... … Oops! I see!"

Sirone realized it belatedly. To take the practice test, you must be able to use active magic. It didn't have to be an offensive magic, but the only teleportation that Sirone learned was a passive magic with a lasting effect.

On the other hand, active magic was a single-shot magic, and there were various types such as fire, wind cutter, healing, ice sword, lightning bolt, and atomic bomb.

Shouldn't there be at least one magic that can hit the target to take the test? It was as if the fire had fallen on Sirone's feet.

"What should I do? I didn’t even think about it because I was so busy studying.”

“Nothing to worry about. If you've mastered the rainbow drop, you'll be able to do simple active magic.”

“But my theory grade averages 45 points. You said it would be difficult to activate unless you scored at least 60 points.”

"yes. But there's one thing. That’s a battery with close to 100 points.”

None of the theory tests I've taken so far have exceeded 50 points, let alone 100 points. But Sirone immediately realized. As Shiina said, there was one thing left.

"ah! Photonization Theory!”

"okay. Teleportation was overlooked because it was a practical evaluation, but since I studied the theory of photonization enough, it should be possible to apply it as active magic.”

"okay! thank you sir."

“As a dedicated teacher, this is the advice you should give. I don't have to thank you. If you have any difficulties in the future, please come and consult at any time.”

"yes. Then I will consult you right away. What kind of active magic can be developed from photonization theory?”

Shiina smiled as if she knew that.

“Have you ever heard of photon output?”

“I saw it in a book. Are you shooting photons?”

It was a phenomenon called 'photon ejection'. However, since there was no physical force, nothing particularly happened when they were shot. You could light up your surroundings when you got lost in the mountains, but it was much easier to cast lighting magic. The photonization theory, which is called a great discovery, also had a stark difference in efficiency depending on active and passive.

However, the Ivory Tower, which is currently leading the advancement of the Wizarding Society, has a view that photon output is the future of magic. Nothing is faster than light. In addition, it was an analysis that using the property of direct yarn could lead to innovation in the information field.

Shiina persuaded Sirone based on this latest trend.

“The future of photon output is bright. By the time you graduate, the expected results might already come out. It wouldn’t hurt to cook them beforehand.”

"yes. Then I will practice.”

Sirone replied that he would do so without hesitation.

In order to take the practice evaluation anyway, active magic was needed, and the only thing I could learn right away was photon output.

After the interview, Sirone headed to the training ground. With his test coming up soon, even if he practiced from now on, time was running out.

Sirone held out her hand and concentrated. Magic is a phenomenon that occurs in the spirit zone, so there is no need to take any action, but strengthening consciousness through action has the effect of increasing concentration. Wizards called this 'magical action'.

Although the magic was activated in the photonized state, the ejection phenomenon did not occur. Since it was a defensive type, teleportation was easy, so photon output was a magic specialized for offensive types.

'I need a much higher level of concentration than when teleporting.'

Sirone tried dozens of times, failed and sat on the floor. While passive magic depends on how strong the mind is, active magic requires momentary mental condensation.

It's not actually shrinking the spirit zone, but it feels like it's being squeezed out with huge pressure. However, the durability of the Spirit Zone was so strong that it was not easy to get a sense of it.

'This is why disposition is so important.'

Etella once said in passing that there was a way to technically strengthen the Spirit Zone, but at the time, I had just entered school, so I didn't go through the details of the class.

'Spirit Zone is an extremely sensitive mental state. It's about the limit of concentration, but how can I further strengthen it here?'

With all these questions on her mind, Sirone trudged toward the inn.

---------------------------------------