[113] Report card at the end of the semester (5)

Kaizen Swordsmanship Academy.

The Kaizen Swordsmanship Academy, located in the capital of the kingdom of Tormia, boasts a 200-year history and has produced many knights who have achieved great achievements.

There were more than 10 certified first-class swordsmen alone, and among them, 3 were given the title of swordsman.

iron conviction. A symbol of courage.

Anyone who dreams of becoming a knight in the kingdom of Tormia wants to enter the Kaizen Swordsmanship Academy.

However, there was no entrance exam here. Instead, it goes through a one-month probationary process, during which the cadet's qualifications are evaluated and final admission decisions are made.

There are as many as 300 cadets in one semester. Of these, only 30 were admitted.

Lian, proudly among these 30, was currently taking lessons at the Kaizen Swordsmanship Academy.

Urban combat training ground.

The training ground where the scenery of the city was reproduced was the pride of Kaizen.

The teacher with a clown sticking out like a skull glared at the first-year students sitting on the stairs.

“Today’s practical subject is movement. Among them, you first-year students will focus on shifting the center of gravity and evaluate them.”

The teacher's name is Parka Quan.

A certified 6th grade swordsman, before being wounded in the leg in the war, he was a master swordsman called a death mage.

“Center displacement is a skill that a prosecutor must possess. This is because the three beats of a sword—speed, power, and accuracy—start from here.”

Quan limped on his right leg and walked up the stairs. Then he asked, pointing at the tall boy with his chin.

"you. Where is the center of gravity of the swordsman?”

"yes! It's a navel!”

"Wrong. you, tell me.”

Quan pointed at the cadet with his eyes wide open like a shark. Without knowing the answer, he had to stand up straight away. If you hesitate even a little bit, it will be a test and you will be punished.

"yes! It's the sole!”

“Wrong. you."

"It's a sword!"

“Get down. Do 200 push-ups.”

"practice!"

The cadet broke away from the row and started doing push-ups. Exhausting one's stamina before a test is a terrible thing, but the teachers at the swordsmanship academy didn't care about that.

Quan pulled out the longsword that was strapped to his waist. The tip was spread out like a fan, and the sword body looked relatively thin.

“Where is the center of gravity of the test? The answer is outside. This is called external gravity in schema terms. Follow me, outer gravity.”

“External gravity!”

The cadets were angry even as they shouted. To explain a term I hadn't heard in a semester right before the exam.

“The reason I haven’t explained it until now is because it’s annoying. Of course, there's no way an asshole like you would find out. But today, I'm in a bad mood, so I'm going to add an evaluation of external gravity. Got it?”

"yes!"

The cadets' answers echoed loudly. The roaring roar contained the intent to kill. Now, if the evaluation items are changed, what will become of their efforts that they rolled over like dogs for half a year?

'Oh, I really want to do something about it. What kind of teacher is that?'

“I only do it once. So that I can see it well and apply it to the evaluation.”

Each person's thoughts, anyway, silence flowed in the originally quiet Colosseum.

“I cut while leaving, and cut while retreating.”

Kuan repeatedly advanced and retreated, showing off his cutting skills. The sound of the wind cutting was terrifying.

“This is the normal swordsmanship movement. The power of the body moves the center, and the movement of the center raises the destructive power of the sword. In addition, if you improve your strength with schema, the destructive power of the sword can increase exponentially.”

The cadets swallowed their saliva. It's a story I've heard until my ears wear out, but their tension ahead of the exam was extremely high.

“… … I'm sure you're thinking something stupid. However, if you approach the real battle with this idea, you will die within three seconds.”

'It's unlucky.'

The cadets' eyes grew more intense.

“Remember. No matter how strong the destructive power is, if you are pushed back from the movement, you will win one match. Therefore, swordsmen use the center of gravity for movement depending on the situation. It is like this.”

Kuan slammed the ground with the soles of his feet. Then he lifted one of his legs and his body fell toward the floor.

The cadets opened their mouths in a daze. The central axis of Kuan was tilted more than 70 degrees.

Is this really possible? It was impossible for humans to maintain such a posture unless at least a rope was tied around their waists.

“The force amplified by the schema maximizes the movement of the center of gravity. Currently, my center is outside the body. This is called external gravity.”

Kuan's body jumped up like a tumbler.

“If external gravity is used, the possibilities of movement become infinite. For example, something like this is possible.”

Kuan fell backwards, hitting the ground again with the soles of his feet. His body, tilted to the point where his back touched the ground, rotated in a cone.

“External gravity is not gravity that actually exists. It's just an extremely strong inertia. Therefore, if rotation is fed to external gravity, the body also rotates.”

The rotation slowed as Quan held out his sword. However, as the slope gradually returned, the centripetal force accelerated.

Sssssss!

Standing upright, Quan rotated at a tremendous speed. Then he finished his spin in a controlled manner, as if time had stopped.

The cadets looked at Quan with astonished eyes. What would happen if you were standing there? The ankle would have been cut off first. And it must have been hacked into dozens of pieces by the accelerating blade. 

Defense is impossible. It was the same reason that humans could not prevent a tornado caused by a difference in atmospheric pressure.

Such explosive external gravity. By analogy, it was a technology similar to rotating a mechanical device with blades.

'This is the magician of death.'

It was a nickname that was given to the opponent because he gave death without knowing how he suffered.

“This is today's performance evaluation. Passing through obstacles is the first, street fighting movement is the second.”

“Instructor, I have a question.”

“Get down. Do 200 push-ups.”

The cadets broke away from the column. And he thought while doing push-ups. what the hell did i do wrong?

“Be sure to remember. To get the answer you want, you have to overwhelm the other person. Instructors are not your parents. Don't look at me with eyes that can't wait to be praised. Because it's disgusting. Got it?”

"yes! I will correct it!”

“Try again.”

The cadet, who had finished acting, raised his hand with a shout.

“Instructor! I have a question!"

"say it."

“What is the street fighting movement evaluated for?”

“That will be explained from now on.”

The cadet felt embarrassed. In fact, the motive for asking the question was because I wanted to look good to Quan. But Kuan thought that even respect was a sign of weakness.

“Street fighting movement. It's annoying, so I'll make it short and end."

Kuan entered the building. Like a doll's house, the front was open, so there was no problem listening to the explanation.

“The place where external gravity shines is the complex terrain. In particular, it can be said that the match is decided by the level of movement because even the space is narrow in urban combat.”

Kuan stamped his foot on the floor. However, he did not attempt external gravity.

“The reason for stamping the ground is to generate force and move the center of gravity. This is called First Impact. Of course, you don't have time to do crazy things like this in real life, but you guys, you youngsters, would definitely do well to hit the ground.”

There was a mixture of belittling and ridicule, but the students, who admired Quan's inaction, were no longer outraged.

“But I don't hit the ground with first impact. If I shoot here with my own strength, the floor will be smashed. In the schema, the external gravity series uses various first impacts, and among them, I will use muscle vibration, which can be called the basic.”

Quan contracted the muscles in his upper body to generate vibrations. He jumped up and put his hand on the wall. When I adjusted the inertia by bending my elbows, a long view was created in which I was floating in the air for more than 3 seconds.

“Wowaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa”

The cadets let out exclamations. Of course, 'Get down!' is supposed to come out, but Kuan continued to explain whether it was a nuisance.

“With the first impact, it leaps while creating external gravity. Of course, in this case, the external gravity force would act in the direction of the wall. By applying this, such a movement is also possible.”

Kuan walked along the wall. The cadets, who slowly raised their heads, looked up at the top with disbelief. Quan stood upside down with both legs on the ceiling.

“External gravity is, after all, using the force of inertia to offset gravity. Therefore, gravity is currently not acting on my body.”

The sight of Kuan walking across the ceiling was beyond awe, to the point of grotesque. But it wasn't magic.

As long as they can run on walls, they can become circus troupe members who cannot perform schema. However, Kuan only maximized inertia with stronger and more precise power.

When the external gravity disappeared, Quan's body fell along with the gravity. When they came out of the building after finishing the demonstration, the cadets' expressions changed 180 degrees.

“Everyone down. Do 200 push-ups.”

"practice!"

The cadets prostrated themselves with sad faces. If you are a formally admitted student, most of them can handle the schema, so it is not an impossible number of times. However, the range of strengthening that they could use as first-year students was not that great, so 200 times was quite stiff.

“Listen while doing it. The first practical skill is a horizontal obstacle, and the height decreases as the level goes up. The final stage will be impossible to pass without the use of external gravity. Time is 20 seconds. Since the obstacle is made of a real sword, it can lead to death in serious cases. Of course, I believe that there are no idiots who avoid obstacles. If you are injured, you will be treated by Instructor Caina.”

Kaina was the best surgeon at the swordsmanship academy. If she had a healer as a mage, she had surgery to perform surgery. The problem was that the surgery was excruciatingly painful. In particular, in the case of amputee patients, it was common for her to pass out while receiving treatment because it was connected to her nervous system.

'shit! It's even more scary to hear that!'

“The urban combat movement is simple. Create external gravity and lean on the wall. The longer you survive, the higher your score. Got it?”

"yes!"

Quan, who was examining the faces of the cadets with high spirits, took the evaluation papers and moved.

“It starts at number one. I won't call you by name, so come out as you notice. Rest for those who are waiting.”

Ryan sat down and rested his chin. It took at least 3 minutes per person, so the time could be said to be ample.

“How are you, can you do well?”

It was a woman's voice that was not often heard at the swordsmanship school. But Rian looked at her as if she had nothing to do with it. She was a beautiful woman with blonde hair flowing like waves. She was tall and slender, with long limbs that gave her a cool look.

Elzaine Tess.

She was the only daughter of the famous Elzain family in the kingdom, and entered the swordsmanship academy to carry on the family business of her father, the commander of the colony.

His face was cute when viewed cutely and ferocious when viewed ferociously, but his personality was ferocious no matter how you looked at it. Her skills are also outstanding, and she has no one to follow from the first grade.

“Sit down quickly. If you get caught by the instructor, you will be sentenced to death.”

“Oh, does Instructor Liando of the world look scary? Aren’t you busy with scoring anyway?”

“What do you know? He's a nobleman with eyes on his back. Anyway, why did you change seats all of a sudden?”

“What is a good friend? I'm here to let you go, in case you're nervous.”

“When have you seen me nervous?”

“Whoops. Well, there's no bottom to go down, so what's there to be nervous about? It’s an easy last place.”

If you were a swordsman academy cadet, this might sound offensive, but Lian only pouted her lips. Tess smiled. His temperament of not getting angry at anything was definitely what set him apart from the other kids.

Why is this man in charge of last place?

Among the freshmen, the person who trained the hardest was definitely Lian. No, he was digesting his harsh training every day, almost to the point of overwork.

---------------------------------------