simultaneous events (3)

Adolf XIII and the royal family got out of the underground bunker.

The royal family, whose ceiling had collapsed, was deeply displeased, but there was no time for grumbling.

“What happened? A battle that the king did not know was taking place in the capital. Please call the people involved in this matter right now.”

“However, the priority is to deal with the current situation… …

“Uncle.” Anger flashed in Adolf XIII's eyes.

“Yes, Your Highness.”

“I am the king. No matter how much wartime, what use is the state if the royal authority is not restored?”

It wasn't that he was ignorant of the anxiety of a man who had just become king, but that was why it was difficult.

'Everyone refused.'

The fact that he did not respond to the call even though he sent a high rank was proof that he did not trust Adolf XIII.

said Robbins, younger brother of Adolf XIII, the first in line.

“Your Highness, the people already think of you as a great king. The people follow, the politicians follow, and in the end, the working-level officials of each institution give up.”

“Hmm.”

Anyway, that was a good thing to hear.

“It is also a great opportunity that the army of the temple is stationed in Baska. If we make Tormia the center of the world war, we will be able to receive huge amounts of support from other countries.”

The royals agreed.

"you're right. In particular, the Southern Continent must be heavily charged. Aren’t we playing the role of a shield?”

Adolf XIII nodded.

“I am of the same opinion. Come to think of it… … They say that an ivory tower person is here.”

“This is Oh Dae-seong and Arian Sirone from the Unified Space Management Department. He is from his own country and is responsible for the fraternity of the times and the great axis of the world war.”

“Heh, what is philanthropy?”

Adolf XIII did not believe in what he could not see.

“Anyway, please treat me with utmost respect. Any amount of money is fine.”

In any case, if it was recognized by the ivory tower, it could be covered by subsidies from other countries.

"All right. But before that, there is one thing that needs to be addressed.”

"solve?"

Robbins opened his eyes narrowly and said.

“I am Pony, 127th in the direct line.”

“Kuhm.”

The face of Adolf XIII was also wrath.

“Oh Dae-seong and Pony, who are currently here, studied together at magic school. If she captures Sirone first... …

cried the royals, who had terrifying imaginations.

“You must kill! Haven't you seen it before? The magic was cast without hesitation. Yielding the kingship must have been in order to live immediately. Now that the city is stable, it will definitely play tricks.”

Adolf XIII rested his chin.

“Is there anything I can do about it? It's difficult to recruit 1-star residents of the Ivory Tower, let alone Odaeseong.”

“I don’t know, even the beauty world will use it.” It was a statement that diminished the authority of the royal family, but it was a different story when the target was a pony.

“Haven't you had a clue before? She is a woman who went to the world beauty contest to enter the direct line of royalty. This is something she does, knowing that she looks great. She said, “This time, too, she will do whatever it takes.”

Finally, the possibility of overthrowing the kingship became realistic.

“… … can you do it The Magic Society won't help us, and military command has now passed to the Crusade. If we don't kill it for sure, we'll be killed.”

Robbins said.

“I have a solution. It’s about using criminals.”

“It is a prison. But isn’t the concentration camp for class A or higher criminals also managed by the Magic Association?”

“There is a suitable person in the western prison, Inferno.”

I didn't know that the card I prepared for would be used like this, because someday I might have to kill my father or older brother.

The royal family asked curiously.

“Inferno? No matter how heinous there is, it must be a B-class, right?”

“It is, but… …

Needless to say, I am not imprisoned for committing a crime.

“I can guarantee your skills. He is the son of the world's greatest hit man, Gunzo Bedium. She also came from the same magic school as Sirone and Pony.”

"If it's Gunzo Bedium, Black Line ?" For royalty, it was a name that made their teeth tremble just by hearing it.

'The son of such a man is imprisoned in Inferno? No, before that, how did Robbins... …

The faces of the royals turned pale for a moment, but soon regained their composure.

'Well, it's only natural.'

Anyone in the 10th place in the direct lineage had a chance to become king, and he had one card in his own way.

'Let's not complain. For now, it's first to get rid of the pony.'

No risk was comparable to the crisis that she might enslave Sirone.

Adolf XIII's expression did not change.

As you know, of course, he was a king.

"good night. Robbins, don't leave the pony gun up to you. However, it is something that must be dealt with with certainty.”

"yes. Don't worry, Your Highness.”

Just as Robbins lowered his head, he heard a noise outside the door.

“The Great Star of the Ivory Tower is asking for an audience.”

It was an urgent voice, and the royals were babbling.

'Is it too fast?'

It was a good opportunity from Tormia's point of view, but accidents always followed by hiding in good things.

“Serve me.”

As soon as the instructions were given, Robbins exited through the back door and the front door opened.

Adolf XIII personally rose to greet Sirone.

"welcome. The newly appointed king sees the stars of the Ivory Tower.”

Feeling sincere in his actions and tone meant that he was desperate.

"yes. This is Sirone, the Five Great Stars of the Ivory Tower.”

“Sorry for being shabby. As you can see, after a great uproar, there was no panic.”

'It's a commotion.'

You probably don't know how many people have died, but Sirone sat down at the table without expressing himself.

The ladies-in-waiting brought out a high-quality tea that was hurriedly airlifted.

“It is necessary to throw a banquet, but there is no time to prepare… …

“That’s all right.”

I didn't want to waste time.

“The reason I came is to hear the vision from the new king of Tormia. Because humanity is in a precarious situation right now.”

"of course."

As if something had come, Adolf XIII immediately corrected his posture.

“The Kingdom of Tormia won an unprecedented victory in the World War today. They annihilated the demons and drove out the giants. This is the result of the people of Tormia and the temple working together.”

Sirone passed for once.

“We will announce this historic moment to the world. With Tormia as the focal point, mankind will be revived again. Star of the Ivory Tower, entrust that role to me.”

'Adolph the thirteenth.' His real name is Adolph Thénar, and he is 44 years old.

Sirone knows his whereabouts until the age of 22 through Omega.

'I've been ambitious since I was young, and my average problem-solving method is swift, stealthy, and brutal.'

Adolf XIII hinted.

“Tormia will do everything she can, that is, with all her heart and soul, to help the five great castles.” This can be said to be blatant, but Sirone recalled what Guffin had left.

-Listen to everyone's story.

“Once I get it.”

Adolf XIII swept his chest.

'what? I heard that the people in the ivory tower are eccentrics, but aren't they rather hogu?'

He said, hiding his heart.

“If you need anything, just tell me. Whatever it is, it doesn't matter.”

"no. I've heard the vision, so I'll go. But where is the pony? It doesn't look like it's here."

The expressions of the royals hardened slightly, and Sirone did not miss the momentary change.

“Can I call you? I have something to tell you personally.”

“Of course you have to. Ponies are truly brave royalty. You're probably going out and doing your own work. Oh Dae-sung as soon as he returns... … Ugh!”

The moment I looked at Sirone's face, electricity ran down my spine.

The feeling of being penetrated by the gaze.

'What is it all of a sudden?'

Regardless of the political world or the social world, the poker face was good, but it was the first time I felt like I was being observed to this extent.

Sirone asked.

“What are you hiding?” Adolf XIII with a perfect smile opened his mouth.

“Hiding it. How could I lie to the stars of the ivory tower?”

Sirone smiled and said.

“I still haven’t fixed it, that habit.”

"yes?"

“When you lie, you put on your signature smile.”

“It is absurd. A smile is what you always do.”

“But in certain situations, I close my eyes once and then open them. Because of the memories imprinted in childhood. Haven’t you ever been beaten hard by your predecessor for telling a lie?”

Amidst the silence in the hall, Adolf 13 years old's throat was swallowed.

'How do you know that?'

It is a fact that no one knows except for his father and himself.

'No, even if my father is alive, will he still remember me?'

It wasn't such a big deal that even he himself would forget about it, but how could Sirone know?

“I know you went through a lot of training to have that perfect smile. But there's just one thing she hasn't practiced. but… …

Sirone pointed at him.

“How many people can feed the prince of Tormia with honey chestnuts?”

The fist of Adolf XIII on his lap trembled.

'Is Oh Dae-sung of the Integrated Space Management Department a ghost?'

It is not insight or analysis.

'It's such a small thing. Even a spirit-type mage will have to wander in my depths for a month to find it.'

It was as if my soul had been stripped naked.

“I will give you one last chance. What are you hiding?”

Adolf bet the game.

"haha. I don't know what you mean.”

Adolf 13-year-old, who was smiling and sweating, closed his eyes again.

Baska West Prison, Inferno.

Arriving after receiving an urgent telegram, Pony handed the document with the seal of royalty to the manager.

“This way.”

There is no nation under heaven that a king cannot rule, and the king of every country has the power to draw up indulgences.

'I took on an unpleasant task.'

preparing to leave Baska

An urgent call came from Pony.

The content was to release the criminals from Inferno because they needed to recruit manpower necessary for the restoration of the country.

I was aware of the lack of manpower, so I obediently complied, but I felt skeptical as much as I was disappointed in the power.

“You can go here.”

The darkest underground facility in Building E, the deepest part of Inferno, welcomed her.

It was a place where special criminals were imprisoned, and all of them were vicious people.

'What talent are you looking for in a place like this?' Promising that she would return to Al Peas Magic School without any regrets if she took care of this, she walked down the long hallway. A woman's moans could be heard from the farthest room.

I knew that it was impossible to sleep together, but the man's breath leaked through the soft woman's voice.

'What kind of child is he?'

It is a self-evident fact that he is a prisoner who receives special treatment because he is said to be a talented person.

But her voice, already disgusted, was cold.

“Prisoner number 3824. Assigned to special probation. come out."

The moaning stopped.

'Special protection?'

It is one of the five keywords promised by Prince Robbins, and its meaning is... … . Kill the one who came to you.

'It's about time.'

The voice of the jailer was heard from the ceiling.

“For 30 seconds, I will release the magic control device in Building E. Those who behave suspiciously while the siren is sounding will be immediately punished according to the king's order.”

Immediately I heard a siren and felt the power control device go off.

“Brother, who are you outside?”

Pony couldn't stand it anymore at the tender voice heard in the prison camp.

“Come out, son of a bitch.”

The moment you turn the key given to you by the jailer and open the door.

“Ouch!”

A hand flew out of the darkness and grabbed Pony's neck.

bang! Pony couldn't resist until she crashed into the camp wall with a noise.

“Kuh! this child... … !”

The moment he tried to cast the magic, his whole body was filled with electricity.

“Huh uh uh uh!”

“Shh.”

A familiar man with scattered hair brought his face closer and put his index finger to his lips.

Pony's eyes widened.

"you?"

Electric Monster Licorn.

"what?"

Lichen also raised the corner of his drunken mouth as if he was interested.

“Pony? A long time?"

“You, you son of a bitch! Let go of this!”

The woman waved a lichen without hiding her naked body.

"brother! what is this bitch Could it be that you called another woman besides me? When only I... … omg!"

At the same time as the lichen swung her hand, the woman's face exploded with a pop.

'A tremendous electric shock.'

“Well, you were royalty too. What a pity. Be proud of yourself though. It's proof that you've grown to the point of becoming a threat.”

Lichen laughed, exposing rotten teeth.

"die."

As electricity entangled in the hand that was strangling his neck, Pony's eyes widened.

'Is that??????

Behind the lichen, the figure of someone familiar was shining in golden light.

'Sirone?'