Terrible Truth (1)

Satan's Church.

Seina rushed at Sirone across the garden where blood was pouring like rain.

“Demon sword Astacia.”

The fact that her sword, which should have been a sacred sword by nature, is wrapped around dark red demonic energy O

“Miss Seina! Wake up!”

It was not simply brainwashing or hypnosis, but proof that the mind was inclined to evil.

“I’m sorry, Sirone.”

Magi burned like flames in her body.

'It's gotten stronger.'

Sirone gritted his teeth at the power that was incomparable to the existing divine power.

'Gyorgi. You son of a bitch.'

“I stabbed the penitent Maximus. I have nowhere else to go back to.”

“That was a mistake.”

It is only the result of Gultan's mental art.

"no."

Seina shook her head.

“It is rather the opposite. I wanted to kill Maximus. But my face, fear, and the shell of being a paladin were blocking my heart.” “That is the truth. The human heart wants to be good, but it wants to ruin everything. There is no such thing as a mind that is forever biased to one side or the other.”

said Giyorgi.

“It’s no use. Seina's conviction is as strong as your conviction is unbreakable. Of course, if it were you, you would do it. You can do that if you want. However, you will die too.”

The demon's spear was about to fly.

“This is the ability Seina has been given. Chapter 7, Section 2 of the Asuka Agreement. The effect... … With my life as collateral, I raise the target's ability to the limit imaginable.”

It was a feature of the dark attribute.

"do not worry. Because the universe is not destroyed. No one can imagine anything like that. Asuka used Satan's temptation to experiment on the human mind. How far can a man run when he is given money that never runs dry?”

It must have been a hidden code similar to Siok.

“That's just about it, the human imagination. I don't even know how to deal with the delusion of buying the universe when it becomes a reality. Most of those subjected to Asuka's experiments only produced results that were tediously consistent. Do you know what?”

“… … I would have bought everything.”

"okay. In other words, you could only buy what someone was 'selling'. Only a few humans have done something interesting to escape the notion of 'buy what you sell'. But they also failed because of a lack of imagination.”

Of course, like Satan's temptation, after waking up from a dream, he was taken to hell.

“These things are recorded in the Book of Asuka. Of course, you and I can imagine much bigger things, but we can't use this ability on ourselves. The subject of imagination is Seina.”

Sirone looked away again.

'Is it the limit of what normal humans can imagine?'

That alone would be the best in the world, but some characters are on the verge of breaking beyond common sense.

“… … What are you thinking?”

Since Sirone was also an apostate, he could not readily understand Giyorgi's choice.

'The reason why I chose Asuka Chapter 7:2 out of countless abilities.,

Is it really the most powerful card that Katicom, which specializes in warfare against Yahweh, can offer?

“What do you suspect? You can't attack Seina. If you see an empty gap, even for a moment, a demonic spear will fly in. Then it is our victory.”

"lie. Seina-san can't catch me. you would know better What are your real intentions? Why did you have to capture Seina-san? There must be a stronger way to kill me.”

"No, there is not."

Gyorgi shook his head.

“The many enemies you've faced so far have figured out the best way to kill you. but nobody made it In the battle of efficiency versus efficiency, your history is invincible. but i know you Because I am your demon You can't attack Seina. So this is the most powerful way... …

On the one hand.

“Come now… … How about something?” At the point where the end of the world is right in front of his eyes, he wants to know clearly.

'The heart of Yahweh, and the heart that Yahweh has abandoned.'

Perhaps it was more important than winning or losing for Gyorgi.

“Sirone!”

As I flinched at Nade's voice, Maryu's spear hit the spot where Sirone had been.

“I will stop you.”

Eden moved and blocked Sirone.

'Strategy to target Sirone's gap. I have to block one shot, even if I risk my life.'

With Jorah's pride.

While Sirone and the others moved at the same time, Seina swung her sword.

It was obviously the strongest blow that humans could imagine, but Sirone found a momentary gap.

'Hey there!'

Gyorgi laughed bitterly.

'invincibility.'

If Catacombs made a mistake, it was that it overlooked the speed of Sirone's growth.

'Now this level is handled by intuition. Yes, you are the strongest in this world.'

At one time, he too was a sirone.

-Why did you abandon me?

When I was first born in Yahweh's demon, the first idea that came to my mind was this.

-If Yahweh is right, why am I here? If we're wrong, shouldn't we have existed in the first place?

Can what exists be false?

'Win.'

Seeing public love beyond good and evil is the same as Yahweh, but unfortunately, the tendency is the opposite.

'Yahweh, this is my last card.'

Feeling Sirone's agape seeping into Seina, Giyorgi prepared for extinction.

At the same time, the demonic spear struck Eden.

“Huh!”

As the demon's energy penetrated the shield and infused her with fear, she gritted her teeth.

“God Yor.”

After succumbing to Harvitz's evil, he vowed never to yield to evil again.

“Give me courage!”

The moment he exerted all his strength, the spear of the Demonic Spirit exploded and Eden's body was thrown out.

“Eden!”

His friends shouted as he rolled on the ground at a terrifying speed, but Sirone didn't look back.

'Purify.'

The moment the demon was pushed out of Seina's body, Giyorgi would also disappear.

Gyorgi closed his eyes as the light gathered in Sirone's palm created a great glow.

'Yes, kill him. Erase evil from the world.'

If it doesn't deserve to exist, it deserves to disappear.

'I won, Yahweh.'

Ultima would not be able to reach it either.

"huh?"

When the agape light suddenly disappeared, everyone stopped fighting and turned their heads.

Sirone was kneeling at Seina's teeth.

He was immersed in deep thought with his hands on his forehead.

shouted Nade.

"What are you doing? Hurry up Seina-san...

At that moment, clear tears flowed down Sirone's cheeks.

“Sirone?”

The dream of victory is over.

Ymir's Depth Level 1.

The eyelids of Sirone, who had experienced Jorahhan and Armand's life together, slowly rose.

'I see.'

It was a dream named Yor.

And even now, Yorahhan's dream was being passed on to the followers of Yogurism through Dremo.

'Huge forgiveness.'

It was the only way for Good and Evil, which had been separated from Lilith, to be reunited.

'It was something I had to forgive.'

Even if everyone throws out the trash, even if each other puts it off... … .

'Jorahhan did it.'

Even in pain more frightening than death, the most beautiful flower bloomed in the world.

'Right, Armand?' The woman who became a sword to protect Jorahhan's heart did not answer.

-There will be one chance.

I vaguely understood what her words in the last meeting meant.

'thank you.'

It was an honor for her to choose him.

“I won’t back down now.”

Standing up with eyes that were different from before, Sirone examined Ymir's depths.

Hearing a roar from over the horizon, Sirone looked up at the black hole.

' There... …

There is the only Ultima left in this world.

Somewhere in the Pyramid of Truth, Kanis clutched her head and screamed.

“Aaaaaa! no!"

In the wave of phosphorus, Canis could have denied the possibility every day with Arin.

'I can't. If that happens, I

am......'

lose one's mind

However, even if he endured as it was, all that was left was a hopeless life.

“Great!”

“Canis! You have to be patient! if i lose you

no."

“Ah, Arin… …

That the girl you've been with since the memory of life began was your sister?

Kanis turned her head and shed tears.

“… … love you."

Arin realized through menarche.

Unable to choose any life, Canis thought of taking her own life.

"okay."

Arin hugged him.

"Come with me. We'll fight until the end. I will not give in to fate.”

Harvest, who was in charge of ending their lives, embraced them with long arms.

-Are you okay with this?

Kanis nods, then Harvest's body vibrates for an explosion.

“It is not over yet.”

I heard someone's voice in the dark.

“Mr. Ares?”

Zulu, who had accompanied him, approached Canis and handed over the bodily fluids of the sturgeon Amoros.

"drink. You should be able to hold out for a while.”

It was a disgusting liquid just to look at, but I didn't even pay attention to the yard that was determined to die.

"??????uh?"

It was just in case, but the bodily fluids of Amoros had an unbelievable effect.

“The human wave is receding. how… … ?”

Ares said.

“They said it was a creature that lived in an ancient pyramid. I'm glad it worked. Let’s go find Sirone.”

“There is no need for that.”

Zulu pointed to the darkness on the other side, and after a while Sirone appeared with Glenn on his back.

A blush appeared on Ares' face.

“You’re here. You managed to find us.”

“It is difficult to see that it was found. Because Rukia-san led us here.”

"What are you talking about?"

Rukia, who had followed Sirone, looked at the inner structure of the pyramid and said,

“As expected, it was right. I don't have much time now. We have to leave right now.” Canis, supported by Arin, asked.

"You're leaving? Where?"

This place was a pyramid of truth that lost not only time and space but also the direction of life.

Rukia turned around and said.

“To meet God.”

She led everyone from the front and made her way through the maze-like path without hesitation.

Arin asked.

“Do you really know the way?”

"no."

Rukia turned the corner and said.

“I don’t know the road at all. just… … You go where your heart moves.”

Syrone added.

“It is no coincidence that we gathered at the Pyramid. From the beginning, God wanted to bring Rukia. In other words, you don't need to know where God is.”

Ares groaned.

“It means that God is where Rukia thinks. But why? Why does she want her?”

"I am?… ”

It was a fact that I realized like fate.

“You can call on God. maybe."

Amidst the silence, the party continued to turn around the corner at a brisk pace.

And finally, where we arrived... … .

“Here.”

It was the last room at the top of the pyramid, which I thought I would never be able to find.

“God is over there.”

On top of the altar Rukia pointed to, there was an electrical device like a vacuum tube.