[229] 3. Where is Sirone? (4)

The other students also asked where Sirone was, but only replied that they did not know. It would come if I waited, but I thought it would be okay to look around the school, so I decided to go find it myself.

When I looked around, the facilities were better than expected. The site area was large enough to compare to that of the Royal Magic School. However, it was still a place where affection did not go. 

Sabina grumbled when she couldn't find Sirone anywhere.

“I mean, what a difficult thing it is to tell you. Do you think you are trusted enough?”

Closer burst into laughter.

“Puhahaha! Originally, rural guys have a great sense of loyalty. You don’t have the skills, but you’re carrying weight with something like that.”

“But Iruki is also here.”

Closer's laughter stopped at Dante's words. Even he thought it was strange that Iruki was here.

“I don’t understand. Why is the Mercodyne family stuck in the countryside like this?”

“It used to be the same school as us. Whether it was expulsion or dropout, I heard that he had an accident and disappeared, but I never thought I would meet him here.”

Dante decided not to complicate things. He was an opponent who had to be bumped into at least once anyway.

"doesn't care. The person Master took is Sirone. Let's think about it after stepping on that child.”

Upon arriving at the restaurant, Dante watched as seniors and juniors met and exchanged greetings.

It was a common sight in the class system, but he laughed out loud after coming up from the bottom at the Royal Magic School.

“I mean, what time of day is the class system? Alfeas is also very old-fashioned.”

"I know. Judging from the magazine, it seems that the ranking system is only used in senior classes.”

“Geuk, that’s why the kids don’t have any ambitions. Did you see that soft tofu-like bastard fall out of my fist with one blow?”

Dante left the conversation behind and walked over to the students. After all, shouldn't the system be privileged?

When Dante appeared, the students turned around in unison. Is there a student at a magic school who doesn't admire Dante? It was amazing that the best stars went to the same school.

Dante put his hands in his pockets and waited a long time. When he still didn't get a response, he frowned.

“What are you doing? A senior came, didn’t you say hello?”

The juniors who had been staring at me belatedly came to their senses and bowed.

“Oh, hello! Seniors!"

Even though it was a kid's joke, it felt good to be greeted. 

While looking at the faces of his juniors, Dante found a woman who looked at least two years older than himself.

Normally, it should have been Class Four, but it was a spectacle to see them standing side by side with snorers.

"Hey you."

“Me, me, senior?”

Maria of Class Six pointed at herself.

"okay. How old are you?”

“I’m nineteen.”

Dante put on a pathetic expression. Since I'm so docile, I'm old enough to hang out with the kids.

“You know Sirone, right?”

“Sirone-senpai? Yes. I know."

"Where are you now?"

“Well, I don’t know that either.”

I didn't even expect from a woman like that from the beginning. 

I thought I should go into the restaurant, so I moved my steps, but Closer stepped out as if touching a baton.

Maria was a perfect prey for Closer, who boasted numerous female pilgrimages at the Royal Magic School.

“Hey, how cute? My pretty noona, what's your name?"

“This is Erlang Maria.”

A look of displeasure crossed Maria's face. Since she was a child, she attended magic school, so she has no complaints about the class system, but she couldn't help but feel offended if she emphasized her age difference in this way.

“Do you even know how to impress? This senior treatment is so messed up.”

“Oh, sorry.”

The closure was satisfactory. Why are the students at this school so naive? Growing more confident, he tugged at Maria's wrist and held out her face.

“I’m sorry. don't play with me How frustrated can you be with such fledgling kids? Even if I look like this, the hard ones are awesome.”

Maria's face heated up. She can't stand it and tries to shake off her hand, but the closer's strength is too strong.

At that moment, Mark came over and grabbed Closer's wrist.

“Stop it, senior.”

Closer's impression was crumpled. The power transmitted was quite good. It's not common for a wizard to train his body, so when he looked up, he was indeed the same size as himself.

“Are there any juniors holding seniors’ wrists? Is this school a mess?”

“What are you doing, old man? It would be against school rules to harass a female junior.”

"dalliance? This is not a flirtation, but a natural push and pull between a man and a woman.”

“Maria is in a bad mood.”

“Does a child like you know how to handle a woman? For a woman of that age, if you pull her hard, she will hold you as if she can't win. if not that? What were you thinking of doing?”

Mark let go of the string of reason.

“Because this child wants to see you… … .”

“Puhahaha! This kid is so pissed off! do you really like it? Was that why you were restless because you were afraid of being taken away?”

Mark wanted to say yes honestly, but he pushed the words back to his throat. He still doesn't even reach Shirone's toes. But someday... … .

“Maria is my friend. And I won't let anyone insult a friend. Senior or teacher, it doesn't matter. If she wants to be respected, she does something that deserves respect.”

Closer's expression changed. His smile was gone, and his face was cold-blooded.

"okay? Then make me respect you. You will roll on the ground.”

The two walked away without agreement. Using magic in school was taboo, so the students watching were nervous. However, neither the closer nor the mark entered the spirit zone.

"As expected, if you're a man, you're a fist. Isn't it?”

"It's funny that the word 'man' comes out of someone like you."

“Cheuk, you really use dragons to die. Come in, kid."

Closer got into a boxing stance and flicked his hands.

The drugged Mark jumped in. She didn't even want to think about dealing with the person who molested Maria.

At that moment, Closer took a step and stepped back.

Mark had a lot of trouble. You acted as if you were going to stick right away, but what did you mean by backstep?

Mark pretended to attack him in the face, but when Closer lowered his upper body, he immediately punched him in the stomach with the opposite fist.

'It went in!'

It was clear that he would not be able to stand up as the 80-kilogram giant swung with all his might.

“Keugh!”

However, it was Mark who had a wrinkled impression.

My fists tingled as if I had hit a rock. not a human body There must be something hidden in the stomach... … .

At that moment, Closer's counter exploded in the face.

Mark's pupils shook sharply.

'What is this?'

In one blow, the nerves connecting the head and body were paralyzed.

He was interested in martial arts, so he had a fight with a martial artist who was said to be strong, but it was a different temperament.

“Puhahaha! Are you completely weak? how is it? Do you want to respect me now? yes?"

When I came to my senses at Closer's voice, I was in a situation where I was being kicked while crouching on the floor.

"how is it? is it fun? Isn’t it fun to be stepped on like a dog by a senior?”

Even in the middle of the pain, Mark couldn't stand it because he was angry.

My mind got up and was fighting back, but my body couldn't even lift a finger.

Maria ran over and hugged Mark.

“Please stop! I'm going to die like this!”

“Hehe, what are you talking about? Who are you going to overwrite? Surely this bastard hit me first?”

Maria realized why Closer gave up his first attack.

If left like this, being beaten was not a problem, but Mark could have been disciplined.

"sorry. I apologize. I’ll get down on my knees and beg you, so please stop.”

Dante stepped in and sorted things out. If you increase your work from the first day, it will become a hassle in the future.

“Listen up, juniors. If you see us in the future, do a full 90 degree salute. Look at this guy and clearly remember what happens if you make fun of your seniors.”

When Dante's group left, the students let out a sigh of relief. The best star in the kingdom seemed to be the best at inducing fear.

Maria looked at Mark with tears in her eyes.

“Mark, are you okay? Fool, why the hell are you like that?”

Mark had already come to his senses. He just let go of his thoughts because the situation in Maria's arms felt like a dream. But he didn't want to worry her, so she straightened her upper body.

"are you okay. What is this?”

Mark glared at Dante and the others as they walked away while Maria checked for any broken parts.

“They are really dangerous. What are you going to do by going out like that?”

"I don't know. They say you're a student of Principal Olivia, believe that and install it. The best star in the kingdom is the horn. You are completely screwed.”

When the principal changed, everything changed. The students regard today's events as happenings, but Mark, who was once like them, had a hunch. He knows that what he has suffered may be just the prelude to a major accident that will happen in the future.

@

Side by side with Olivia, Sade was walking down the hallway of the advanced class building. 

Having received a special mission from Alpheas to help the new principal adapt, she has been working as a secretary.

“Hey, Headmaster. Let's go on tour later and eat first. Our school's food is famous for its deliciousness.”

Olivia didn't pretend to hear and looked at the papers. She was still amazed at how she could walk so fast.

“Why are there so many 8th grade teachers in the school? In what time of day would you be able to teach students in 8th grade? Students whose names are known in the kingdom are even given unofficial 9th ​​grade. If you are about to graduate, you go up to the official level.”

Sade wanted to ask what aspiring magician who was not a wizard would do by making his name known to the kingdom.

However, I remembered Master's advice to approach with a mindset of practicing asceticism, and I persuaded him with good words.

“Most class 8 teachers are experts in one field other than magic. For the character education of students, we have a team of teachers with professional specialties such as philosophers, artists, and technicians.”

“This is a special purpose school. We should leave miscellaneous education to the family and prioritize magic. Who is the current star of Alfeas? Dante, an air servant of the royal family, Miko Raina of Oris, and even Florent Municipal, which is not one of the top 5 prestigious schools, have a star named Axion Kabael that students are passionate about.”

“But, Headmaster, how many such children are there in the kingdom?”

“It doesn't matter. It's important to be there anyway. It's important that other schools have it, but not here. Because of this way of thinking, this school has been in the last stages for about 10 years. Aren’t the teachers here too inertial?”

Olivia asked and didn't give her a chance to answer.

“Teachers need a sense of tension. A school that enters the top 5 prestigious schools should have genius and young teachers. Even Olifer Shiina doesn't rank at the top level by the standards of the Royal Magic School. Honestly, isn't Miss Romi Etella the only teacher the whole kingdom wants to feed?"

Sade wanted to sew up Olivia's snout. He thinks that a good teacher is to teach students sincerely. But she was trying to line up even her teachers in order of her skill.

“It just needs a little more. or grow. Oh, it would be okay to hold seminars regularly.”

Letters began to be engraved on the floating notebook to Olivia's right. It was a type of speech magic called dot writing, and it was the ability to transcribe voices into text.

Her speech was so fast that I wondered if she was using supersound (a skill of a sorceress who pronounces words at super high speed), but even so, her writing speed did not slow down.

---------------------------------------