[534] Last World (2)

Woodga pointed in the direction without putting the name out loud.

“Now we have to gather from the Tree of Life. If you want to live here in the future, you better listen to me.”

When the boy did not understand, Woodgar smacked his lips.

“Well, if you receive the grace of Ra, then you will understand. Anyway, let's go. I do not have time."

The boy looked back at the destroyed world with a distraught expression.

'No matter how much it perishes like this.'

Looking back at the memories before hibernation, no matter how great a disaster occurred, the world wasn't ruined to this extent.

'Let's not fret. Memories will come back with time.'

Woodgar, whose expression hardened the further he went downtown, finally stopped with a pale face.

"brother… … It is a polluted area.”

The fact that the dozens of stories of buildings are still maintaining their shape was a stark contrast to the landscape of other areas.

But more distinctive than that, was the slime that covered the entire building and even the floor.

Overall, it was reddish in color, but the color was so colorful that it looked like vomit.

“Muse… … ?”

“That’s right, Mucus. If you reach here... … huh?"

Udgar realized belatedly that it was not Hamei's voice and turned to the boy.

“Do you know Mucus?”

The boy frowned, not answering.

I don't remember seeing such a terrifying scene, but I was strangely familiar with the red slime.

-The aftermath of resource depletion due to nuclear war... … .

-Maximizing the efficiency of biomass.

- Eliminate Mucus! The main culprit of ecosystem destruction!

A few memories flashed through me in an instant.

“Keugh!”

The boy suffered again, but the children of the sun had no more time to take care of them.

"let's go. I'll go first, so follow me."

Woodgar walked down a winding path like a waterway that the Mucus hadn't encroached on yet.

'It's a big deal. The road is narrower than before.'

It is not known where the source of the mucus is or how many there are, but it is clear that they are expanding.

The average rate of expansion of slime is 1 centimeter per hour.

Although extremely slow, more than half of the world has now turned into a polluted zone.

“Brother, over there!”

In the sky pointed by Hamei, five Razets were spraying jets and running away, followed by carnivorous creatures.

As soon as the carnivorous creature that overtook the street was gliding, the slime that covered the building stretched out like a frog's tongue and grabbed his ankle.

Kieh Aeg!

The grotesque bird, dragged into the wall by the powerful tensile force, screamed, and soon the whole body twisted and was buried in the mucus.

It was far away, but as I watched my body twist in strange shapes every second, I could hear the sound of bones snapping.

It was the reason why most creatures in the world of Apocalypse escaped from the ground and made the sky their home.

“Brother, maybe we too… … .”

"no. Mucus doesn't react to slow-moving creatures. So you just have to go slowly. Understand?"

That's what he said, but Woodgar's expression wasn't good either.

The width of the road was about 1 meter, but the bridge was heavy as if crossing a precarious single wooden bridge.

"done. It's safe from now on.”

After leaving the contaminated area, they walked for about an hour along the road leading out of town.

Finally, I saw a dense forest in the distance.

A vague impression arose in the boy's heart at the first green landscape he saw after waking up from hibernation.

“There is a tree of life in that forest. You have to listen carefully to what I have to say from now on.”

Woodgar, who hastened his steps, looked around at the entrance to the forest.

"Ha-mei, can't you hear something?"

"I can hear. A hum and trembling sound.”

"That's Ra's warning. It's a sound that only the children of the sun can hear. Never go into the woods when you hear that sound.”

“What if I get in?”

"I don't know because I've never been in it either, but the hyungs say it hurts terribly."

Regardless of their conversation, the boy trembled as he looked at the fresh vegetation.

'forest. It's a forest.'

Another memory, not the memory from before hibernation, was flickering on the other side of his brain.

'Why are my memories so jumbled up?'

I thought maybe it was a dream in a state of hibernation, but considering the condition of minus 273 degrees, it was impossible.

“Brother, the sound has stopped.”

"good. Then let's go in."

No life was to be seen in the forest except for plants.

It was strange that a forest could be created without even those common bugs, but the boy's common sense questions were weighed down by the absurd sight unfolding before his eyes.

"This… … .”

A huge tree towered in the middle of the field.

No, can we call this a tree?

It was wriggling at regular intervals as if it had a heart attached to it, and though it was brown, if you look closely, the trunk and branches are entwined with fibers like muscles.

But what shocked the boy the most was the 'fruit' on the tree.

The state of development was different, but what was hanging was the fetus, not the fruit.

A human born in a tree.

They were the children of the sun, the masters of this world.

“Remember, Hamei? You too were opened there. My brothers have been collecting you.”

Hamei was just staring blankly at the tree of life.

“You can only go in and out of the tree of life twice a day. When the sound I was talking about earlier disappeared. The older brothers say that the power from the Tree of Life blocks other creatures from approaching. That's why even Mucus can't encroach until here.”

The fetus descending from the branches of the tree of life was connected to the crown of the head, and when it took on a fully human form, the crown stretched almost to the ground.

Woodgar crouched and approached the fetus, whose chubby buttocks were floating on the ground.

“Okay, when you’re almost on the ground, you can gather them. Then here... … .”

Leaving an extra inch on the top, I cut it off with scissors and received it, and the fetus burst into tears as if in surprise.

“Eung-aeng. Ugh.”

"haha! Goon, he looks so cute. hamei, you take it This gathering is your mission.”

Hamei carefully hugged the fetus and looked down.

He was a child of the sun born by the tree of life by receiving the sun's light.

“Hehe, it’s really cute.”

'This is nonsense.'

The boy couldn't believe what was happening in front of his eyes.

Even if other organisms are like that, it was absolutely impossible for humans to open in trees through natural evolution.

“By what principle… … .”

As soon as he took a step towards the tree, the boy's five senses gave him an eerie feeling.

The sound or feeling of a thick string vibrating.

'magnetic field… … ?'

Suddenly, my senses became sharper, and I could clearly feel even the things outside my line of sight.

It seemed that if he set his mind to it, he could even guess the number of fetuses on the tree of life.

"excuse me… … Can't you hear anything now?"

Woodgar frowned.

It was clear that the Ancient Man brought out this time was not in very good condition.

“Withdraw from the tree of life. And don't keep doing weird things. Because you have to go with us anyway.”

Woodga, who confirmed that Hamei wrapped the child in a bag prepared in advance and held it safely in his arms, urged the way.

“Let’s go out. We have to get out before Ra's warning is heard."

When he entered the forest again, the amount of information rushing to the boy soared significantly, but it felt rather lacking.

'What happened to me? Why are you doing this all of a sudden?'

As the mind became more sensitive, the range of feelings gradually increased, and eventually everything within a radius of 50 meters was transmitted through synesthesia.

'Hehehe, he's coming here as well.'

Seven underground men who had been lined up in advance on the passing road found Wood's party and each loaded their rifles.

Even if they didn't have their own auditory organs to listen to Ra's warnings, they knew at least that the children of the sun receive their embryos here.

'It hurts if you scatter. Let's finish it at once.'

When the captain sent a glance, the underground people sitting in the trees and waiting nodded their heads.

“Now!”

When the target came within range, the leader first grabbed a branch and hung on like a swing.

However, Udga and Hamei had already jumped into the bush after being pushed by the boy.

“… … what?"

How did you know and avoid it?

'Did you notice the latent? No, in that case, you wouldn't have come down this road in the first place?'

"Leader! what do we do?”

The captain's face crumpled.

“Crush it!”

“Kyaaaaou!”

The underground people screamed like monkeys, climbed tree branches, and fired rifles at them.

As bullets rained down from all sides, Woodgar, collapsed in the bush, screamed.

“Aaaaaa! help me!"

"calm down! We have to get out of here at once!”

The boy's body movements, which lifted Wood and Hamei up and ran in the lead, were unstoppable even though it was the first time they had been there.

'What is that guy? You've become a completely different person, haven't you?'

In the way he did not lose his cool despite being attacked by the underground, Woodgar recalled the archon, the ruler of the colony.

“No, I am just a slave. hamay! Let's run too!"

The children of the sun were not inferior to the boys in speed, but the problem was that the physical abilities of the underground people exceeded them.

"Hurray! we are here!"

When the underground man clinging to the branch in front pulled the trigger, the boy twisted and hid behind the tree.

Too-ta-ta-ta-ta!

The vibration of the tree trunk bursting through his back, but the boy's eyes looked around fiercely.

The movements of the enemies roaming around were so agile, it was impossible to figure out the exact number.

'You can't be overwhelmed by fear. I have to figure out the situation until the end to survive.'

You are not dead until you die.

As I focused my mind to take a step off the cliff, my senses became clearer.

'Seven enemies superior to human physical abilities. It has a long-range strike weapon that can smash trees. It must be difficult to run away.'

"brother! help me!"

Looking back at the place where Hamei's screams were heard, three underground men were running towards her.

Woodgar blocked the way, but no matter how much I thought about it, it didn't have the durability to block the powerful killing weapon.

'What do we do?'

Pupper puffer puck!

As splinters flew from the tree trunk, the boy who was sticking his head out hurriedly turned around.

"damn!"

Without even thinking about approaching, he was using up all the magazines without sparing bullets.

'Very inefficient.'

What this showed was that the underground man was more like an emotional warrior than a cold-hearted soldier.

'I can't get out of here... … .'

When he couldn't hear the gunfire he should have heard, the boy turned his gaze to Hamei.

Underground people were aiming their guns at a distance.

'Why not shoot?'

The reason underground people hunt is only for eating.

If it was a helpless prey, not hurting it was the way to get more meat.

“Kikiki. Come on, I'll put one foot in your head.”

"for a moment! I mean I like hair! Just shoot in the heart! The heart is tough and tasteless.”

"it's crazy? How delicious are the organs in that area. Let’s just blow our heads off!”

“I am starving to death! I'll just do it!”

An underground man who could not hold back his hunger in front of the food raised a gun.

'no!'

The moment he thought he had to save them, the boy's body turned into a flash of light and flew away.

When I came to my senses, I was blocking the way of Wood and Hamei before I knew it.

“What, what! Shoot!”

The boy's eyes widened as the panicked underworlders pulled the trigger on their rifles.

wide!

As the curtain of light pulsed with an explosive noise, the bullet's trajectory was rapidly twisted and crashed into the trunk of a tree behind it.

The roaring harmony erased the child's cry, and as one magazine was completely emptied, tinnitus seemed to flow through the forest.

“Uh, why bullets?”

The boy just stared at the floor, taking in the new memories echoing in his head.

- Spirit Zone. An extremely sensitive state of mind.

- Particles of God. Mass is energy.

- Crash your thoughts. it's called the force

“Ro, Rossi?”

Woodgar's voice brought the boy to his senses.

“… … It's not Rossine's."

Then he said as he walked towards the underground people who were making blank faces.

“Sirone. My name is Arian Sirone.”

Syrone information recovery rate.

48 percent.

---------------------------------------