[11] The first step towards the dream (3)

“Hey, Sirone. are you still here You said the work was over?"

Lian opened the door and came in, clearing her throat at the rising dust. Sirone greeted her friend with a gentle smile.

“What, what does that expression mean? What's good?"

Lian was bewildered by the unusual appearance of his friend. However, Sirone's words were even more shocking.

“Lian, let me show you around your house.”

"huh? what?"

Ryan opened his eyes. To think that Sirone, who is faithful to principles and never made a foolish mistake, suddenly wants to take a tour of the house.

However, I realized when I found a book lying next to Sirone.  

"you… … Did you do it?”

"huh. There is nothing more to read, at least not in this library.”

There is nothing more to read. 

Ryan didn't like the book, but he could feel how cool the words were. 

For this moment, Sirone looked like an incarnation of intellect. Even the sunlight pouring through the window seemed to bless Sirone.

“Uh ha ha ha! did you really make it this bastard! You're such a great guy, man!”

Ryan was delighted with his work. Of course, in the prosecutor's own radical way. As if he had a good idea, he snapped his fingers after holding Shirone in his arms.

"good! You are always welcome if you want to come to our house! It just went well. To commemorate the completion of my studies, I have prepared a wonderful gift for you.”

“Suddenly, what gift? I don't need it.”

“Anyway, follow me. Will you like it? Fuhahaha!”

Sirone was anxious. It is strange that he prepared a gift when he also just found out about the book street. Besides, the bulging skin under his eyes seemed like a gift he would never like.

Seeing the mansion up close for the first time, the intimidating feeling of its size was frightening. I could see why ancient people chose huge structures to express the divinity of their gods.

“Lian, let’s go in quietly. What are you going to do if your family finds out?”

“What are you worried about? Is the contract over anyway? Besides, the whole family is gone. Oh, here it is. quickly!"

The place Ryan was taken to was the room of a woman who smelled fragrant. A pink curtain was drawn over the balcony window, and instruments including a piano were placed.

"for a moment! Is this your sister's room? Come out quickly! What if we go in?”

“Quack. Wait a minute. It should be somewhere around here.”

Lian opened and closed the dresser carelessly as if he had entered his room. After rummaging through the shelves at the bottom, he picked up something and threw it at Sirone with delight.

"found! Now, sirone, it's a gift!"

Something fragrant and soft covered Sirone's face. When she held it with both hands and unfolded it, it was a dainty little piece of cloth.

The bewildered Sirone's face turned red. From the shape and size, it was clear that it was her sister's underwear.

"hey! Are you crazy? Why are you throwing this at me!”

“Puhahaha! Look how red your face is. You are 17 now too. Look at the panties boldly. In that sense, my older brother is giving it to me as a present.”

"shut up! What's so bold about seeing panties! Take it back quickly!”

"uh? she was excited Sirone is finally excited!”

Ryan grabbed his belly button and stomped his foot. In fact, she was 90% like to tease her, but she was 100% worried.

Confined to the library and endured for a year and a half, her skin was pure white and her face was still young.

Sirone is too hungry to learn. It wouldn't hurt to use shock therapy once in a while to bring out the man in your heart.

But it didn't work for Sirone. Shiroe, who returned her panties, sighed and continued to nag her manners.

“When are you going to grow up? play a joke like this It's not someone else, it's my sister. put it back quickly What are you going to do if you get caught?”

“As a court musician, I only come once or twice a year. There's nothing to take anyway. But are you really not going to have it? I don’t know if I regret it later.”

“Following you is my biggest regret in my entire life! Get it sorted out quickly.”

Ryan crumpled up his underwear and closed the drawer.

“Hey, will it take you then?”

“When the time comes, the dedicated lady-in-waiting will organize it. By the way, it’s not fun because I’m not very excited.”

“One more time and I will break up with you.”

"ha ha ha! okay. that it was a joke Anyway, let's go to my room."

Ryan's room was at the far end of the hallway. He said that most of the rooms are left anyway, so he chooses a room that is convenient for him.

Befitting a hot-blooded swordsman, wooden swords were piled up in the room, and books related to swordsmanship were lined up on the bookshelf.

However, there were not many specialized books, and most of them were novels about swordsmen in mythology.

The two sat in the room and talked about miscellaneous things, and when they got bored, they played a card game.

Each started with the same amount of chips, but the game was over after 30 minutes. It was Lian's complete defeat.

Sirone asked while sweeping the chips.

“One more round?”

"I will not! Shit. It’s a gamble, it must be luck anyway, but I must be very unlucky.”

“You seem to have a habit of moving your hand outside when an ace comes in. Also, the betting time is different between pair and no pair. Even if you know those two things, you can win.”

Lian was dazed like someone who had been scammed.

“How the hell do you find that out?”

“Observation is surprisingly easy. You cannot see it because you presume that it will happen in advance and observe it. Throw away the thought that you must find it and feel the whole. Then you can find it.”

“Hmm, don’t be obsessed with what you want to get, right? Maybe this will help you find the schema too?”

“Maybe? Because it had a big impact on my understanding of the Spirit Zone.”

Rian repeated Sirone's words countless times. He seemed to know something tickling in his head, but he couldn't find the core at all.

Is it because I thought about it for a long time? Drowsiness poured in as her body grew languid. She said as Rian stretched her back.

“I have nothing to do, let’s get some sleep. In the morning, after running 100 laps, I am tired to death.”

“Then get some sleep. I will be reading a book.”

“Ugh.”

Ryan fell asleep as soon as he touched his head. Shirone burst into laughter at the sight of her easy-going friend, and took out her novel. She didn't even know how time was passing as she read adventure stories instead of only reading difficult history books.

When Lian didn't wake up after an hour, Sirone closed the book and tidied up the room. When the sun goes down, the inside of the house gets noisy, so I thought it would be a good idea to stop going out.

As I walked along the hallway, I heard the piano play. 

Sirone was shocked and stopped walking. For him, who grew up only in the mountains, the composer's inspired music shook his mind with a meaning different from magic.

The sound came from Lian's sister's room. He involuntarily stepped forward and saw Lian's older sister for the first time.

A face as clean as the morning dew. A woman with flowing blue hair was playing her piano.

It was the second daughter of the Ogent family, Ogent Raina.

The melody Reina played was truly heavenly. She is not the youngest, but she was recognized for her skills at the age of 19 and entered the royal castle, so her evaluation of Sirone was not excessive.

Mars is gradually accumulating. the run of Mars. and variations. Sirone's mind was moving along Reina's fingertips like a marionette caught in a melody.

It was only after the performance was over that Sirone realized where she was. Maybe it was because her emotion was too long. When she came to her senses, Reina was already looking back and waving her hand.

"hi? How was it, my piano sonata?”

I read the book, but it was the first time I heard it with my ears. Sirone did not dare to comment on Reina's performance.

“It’s good to come over here and take a look. It's the first time I see your face Are you the butler who came in this time?”

"yes. I'm in charge of sorting the library. It's over now.”

"aha! I heard about it. You must be very smart. Classification is not for everyone.”

Is it because you are an artist? Her words and actions were not authoritative at all, and she was rather considerate.

For the first time, Sirone was jealous of Lian, who had an older sister. Then he remembered the low-level crime he had committed unintentionally. Her cheeks burned as she overlapped what she saw with Reina's face.

“Ugh!”

“Where are you? What's wrong with your face?"

“Oh, no.”

Sirone entered the room awkwardly. His most perfect lie is to deceive himself. Sirone changed the subject by hypnotizing him that he didn't see anything.

“You mean this is sheet music?”

"huh? yes, that's right It's the third movement of the piano sonata, 'In the Dark', composed by Schreiman. Have you ever played the piano?”

“No, never.”

"okay? sit over here I'll teach you. It's not a difficult song."

Sirone had a crush on her for being kind. She was dumbfounded, of course, because Rian had told her that she was a nasty witch with a temper.

Sirone struck the first chord, paying attention to his fingering as he had taught him. Then he moved sparsely again and connected it with the second chord.

"wow! your eyes are very fast The first sighting is really good.”

To play a piece of music that one has never seen before is called first sighting. Technical talent is required rather than sensibility, and it is safe to say that a person with excellent vision has a high speed of thinking.

Sirone was happy with Reina's praise. However, he forgot his inspiration for Reina and immersed himself in the piano. He was an unstoppable curiosity.

“I’m sorry… … .”

"huh?"

“Can you play it again just once?”

At that moment, Reina discovered Sirone's unique temperament. It is a lie invented by critics that artists like talent. Rather, artists loved passion. 

"good. Then listen carefully.”

Raina encored 'In the Dark'. Even to Sirone, an outsider, it was a much more delicate performance than the first. It was the power of schema. Understanding her own body, her nervous system was twice as sensitive as the average person's.

When the performance was over, Reina turned her head with a satisfied face. But Sirone was lost in her thoughts, not showing her expression, as if she hadn't heard anything.

“Can I try it?”

"huh? uh, yes.”

“Please understand even if it’s hard to hear.”

“Whoops, of course. Everyone is like that when they first do it.”

Sirone's hands gently moved up to the keyboard. The moment she thought her posture was pretty good, Sirone's fingers started tapping the keys.

Reina smiled awkwardly as unknown music played. However, he listened as if he realized something about him from the time he became a lieutenant general.

'What is this kid? What the hell are you trying to do?'

The sound was all out of tune. Completely wrong. But surprisingly... … .

It was perfectly similar.

I can't really explain it, but it was true. Obviously, Sirone did not have the technical proficiency to play sheet music.

However, except for the technical part, he imitated everything of her as if he had become Reina.

It's not a performance to show off to someone. The child had only the piano in his head.

'A little more. A little closer.'

Sirone was desperate to infiltrate the music. Since I kept the tempo, the pace of development was too fast. He was unable to produce accurate notes with his own sighting skills. & nbsp;

It compressed the concentration that fluttered in seconds. The spirit of trance began to be sucked into the Spirit Zone.

Rayna swallowed her saliva. Pleasant chords intermittently intervened in the cacophony.

And finally, 'Du-du-du-du!' At the climax, the performance for exactly 1.7 seconds perfectly matched the score.

Rayna held her breath in a shudder. Sirone maintained that state and entered the normal cadence.

After picking up the 1st degree, he raised both hands and struck the 5th degree like a thunderbolt. Then, I pressed the last degree with the greatest passion of my life.

Woo woo woo woo woo.

Mars from the past 4 minutes ago dissipated with 7 notes, spreading an infinite aftertaste.

---------------------------------------