[23] Cold Boy and Hot Girl (2)

Amy's head rolled again. winning bids with lies There was no way a commoner could enter as a guest of an aristocratic family. It was a conclusion made because he did not know about Lian's oath to become a knight.

"you. Didn't you tell people you knew me?"

“I didn’t do it to anyone. What a good memory that is.”

If so, Sirone is a bomb that never knows when it will explode. Going to school with a bomb like that was terrifying.

Amy came up with a trick. And she held her head up arrogantly and said,

“Are you Class Seven? Am I Class For?”

“I know, senior.”

“Then, starting today, you will become my subordinate.”

"yes? Are you loaded?”

“You have your weaknesses. If I open my mouth, I'll get kicked out of school? So, be my subordinate in the future. You have to listen to whatever I have to say.”

Sirone made an absurd expression.

“Why should I? You're a senior anyway, so if you tell me, you'll follow me, right?"

“To be naive. Do you think I'll make it that easy? I’ll make you shed tears in the future, so look forward to it.”

If you can't chase Sirone, you can make Sirone follow you. If you keep it out of sight and touch your ego, you will be able to see the intentions hidden inside.

“What are you going to do?”

“When class is over, buy bread and coffee and run to me. okay? If you spill even a drop of coffee, I'll make you come back.”

Sirone had a good personality, but this time she was angry. it's bread Do you think you came to school to deliver bread?

“Ho-ho-ho! Then wait in front of the First Library starting tomorrow. Don't worry, as long as you listen carefully, it will be over in no time.”

Amy patted Sirone's forehead and smiled.

Sirone was embarrassed. Is this really Amy, who is called the goddess of Alpheas? 

"Oh right. and… … .”

Amy, who had turned away, looked back at Sirone. The air around her began to spin as her hand soared. At the same time, Sirone's body floated into the sky.

“Huh!”

Tornado magic that creates wind by manipulating atmospheric pressure. It was a magic that had been helpless by Sirone before, but it was child's play magic to Amy, who is currently class four.

Sirone floated in the air and struggled. Perhaps because he was facing a crisis, he could see the ground much more clearly. Even the fallen leaves rolling on the floor were clear.

Amy's smiling face as well.

'If I fall, I'll die.'

The moment she thought that, Amy jumped up and grabbed Sirone by the back. Her throat tightened as her collar pressed against her breasts, choking her breath. When she came to her senses, she was already lying on her ground.

“Cool! Cool!”

Showing off the power of schema following magic, she shook her hands as if satisfied. She stopped practicing her schema after the age of 12, but it was nonetheless her transcendent movement.

“With this, the debt is paid off. Then see you tomorrow. Ho-ho-ho!”

As Amy smiled happily and walked away, Sirone's medicine went up. It was the first time she had ever seen such a hateful girl in her life.

However, rank was a gangster and skills were everything. Sirone, who had let go of his resentment, lowered his head and left the forest. Thinking that she would meet her from tomorrow, her eyes were already dark.

* * *

The bell rang at 5:00, the last class. 

Physics basics class is over. As she packed her bag and left the classroom, Sirone let out a deep sigh. He's been ten days already. He's the one running Amy's bread errands.

I bought bread and coffee at the campus store. Compared to the donations from the Ogent family, the price was insignificant, but money was not the problem, it was a matter of mood. And that was exactly what Amy was aiming for.

“Why are you doing this to me? Because you made the mistake first.”

It took a lot of concentration to walk without spilling coffee. Yes, let's think of this as a kind of training. It is to adjust the gait so that the coffee does not shake.

“How can that be! How long does it really have to be like this!”

Sirone was miserable in her own appearance.

"oh! There you go, innocent man.”

“I guess I’ll go confess to her today too. Really, that's a sickness, a sickness.”

Girls passing by pointed at Sirone and whispered. The biggest problem was this. 

When I offered bread and coffee to Amy, she gracefully accepted it and went into the library.

Rumors were already spreading among the students that Sirone had a crush on Amy. The more the rumor spread, the more Amy treated Sirone.

Seeing Amy persistently releasing her resentment from six years ago, Sirone's illusions about women were completely shattered.

“Hey! Here he comes, your prince.”

“What about the prince? It’s a body type.”

Amy waited for Sirone at the main entrance of the library with Seriel. Her surroundings were crowded with students who took time out to see the extraordinary sights.

As Sirone climbed the stairs, the female students who were watching laughed and clapped. Sirone's face turned red like a carrot.

Seriel said with a pitiful smile.

“But it’s a bit pitiful. I'm going to this extent, but why don't you just accept this?"

Amy's eyes widened.

“What? What are you talking about? Why am I accepting him?”

“Shuddering. To be honest, a kid who doesn't even look at a guy's eyes always takes the coffee and bread that Sirone buys for her. I hear there are some kids whispering that the Goddess of Alpheas is finally getting a mate?”

It was absurd. It was a strategy to stimulate Sirone, but it seemed that things were going unusually.

Actually, I thought about a week. However, for some reason, Sirone never once showed off her displeasure and always brought bread to offer.

'eww! I'm going to get entangled in some really strange rumors like this. I have to stop now.'

When Sirone handed over the bread and coffee to Amy, people erupted in cheers. Her sincerity in not spilling a single drop of coffee for the woman she loved was admirable. Of course, it was a complete misunderstanding and the goal between the parties only deepened.

“Senior, here is the coffee.”

“Eight! What a bother!”

Amy raised her hand. The best way to reverse an absurd illusion is to give embarrassing. 

I was thinking of hitting him on the arm and spilling the coffee. Then, Sirone will be just like the many boys who have been kicked so far, and the strange rumors about her will subside.

“Who will bring this?”

As Amy waved her hand, it grew in the eyes of the students. But the expected tragedy did not happen.

Amy glared at her coffee and trembled her hands.

'I'd rather make a tea that I don't like. you idiot? Are you stupid? Aren't men hungry?'

It was an unexpected remorse. But that was Sirone's strength. 

If it's something you have to do anyway, it's good to think positively. That attitude made Amy feel guilty.

“Hey, senior, here’s the coffee.”

I knew because Amy studied harder than anyone else and settled in Class 4. That the time he is doing now is too much of a waste for Sirone.

When I thought about it, I felt quite sorry. I didn't avoid men anyway because I was afraid of people's attention, it was just annoying. Despite the fact that he had no skills, the nobles and the snotty kids were not suited to his constitution.

'Think about it yourself. It's okay if it's not just me.'

Amy was handed bread and coffee. Then applause erupted from all sides of her as if she were watching her performance.

“Don’t buy anything like this because you won’t need it in the future! okay?"

"yes? Ah yes."

Did this relieve her anger? Thinking she would never have to see her again, Sirone let out a sigh of relief at her.

However, as a result, Amy's remarks caused a greater misunderstanding among the students.

“I accepted! Amy accepted Sirone's heart!”

“They say you don’t even need coffee. Are you saying you can just come?”

Amy went into the library as if she didn't want to respond. Seriel hurried after her, unable to contain her excitement.

"hey! What are you thinking of doing? It would be nice if it was true, but did you really mean it?”

“Oh, I don't know! Think about it, yes. It seems that there is nothing dirty to do. It's enough for me to go to my senior year anyway. Tell them to play childish pranks among themselves!”

Sirone felt good as if she was going to fly down the stairs of the library. 10 days penance. To be honest, I didn't expect it to end so quickly. Starting tomorrow, I can go straight to the library without wasting time.

"Hurray! I can read one more book!”

Sirone captured Amy's heart. The male students who fell into such an illusion were watching with envy as Sirone ran.

11pm.

Amy closed the book and sighed. She never thought studying was fun, but she loved the library. She was much better here than hanging out with people who were more important than herself.

Even though it was near midnight, the library was still overflowing with students. They didn't care who was dating who. They were racehorses who ran like crazy only to achieve their dreams.

If you observe them, you realize that it is a waste of time to indulge in random thoughts.

However, she was still number one in Class Four and had no idea that she would be overturned.

Seriel, who was sitting next to her, turned her head.

"uh? why cover the book? Are you going in already?”

"huh. I'm a bit upset today Just get a good rest and wake up about an hour early tomorrow.”

"okay? Then let's go together."

"no. You don't have to rest because of me. I'll see you tomorrow."

“Okay then. bye. Wake up early tomorrow.”

Amy smiled and packed her bag. She attended her school for six years and Fortress Seriel, her only friend. He was a talkative boy like any other kid his age, but he was clear when he did. His grades also placed him safely into his graduating class, with a 6th in Class Four.

Amy liked Seriel who knew how to enjoy mature competition rather than clumsy friendship.

Amy, who inspired her friend to fight, left the reading room.

Except for the people on duty, everyone had left work, so the aisle was quiet. Students say that school has a dream, but for the employees, it was just a job to make money.

Amy went down the stairs, relieving her day's fatigue with stretching. Then she noticed someone standing in the dark on the landing.

Dark circles under the eyes on pale skin. His black hair covered his cheeks. When Amy checked the man's face in the moonlight, her face crumpled at once.

It was Ardius Jake.

It was the 2nd rank of the nobility, and the family head was the financial executive of the royal castle. It is known that the power of the family is no less than that of the first class, perhaps because of the peculiarity of managing the royal family's finances.

Jake's personality was arrogant and abrasive. But the real reason Amy hates him is that he's not very talented and he's a student who doesn't even try.

Although attending classes in the same Class Four, Jake was far from being at the senior level. Furthermore, rumors circulated that he was the chairman of a research society called Black Magician.

In Amy's opinion, the field that Black Magicians research is how to bully students who are better than themselves.

Since it is not a research society approved by the school, there is no application fee. In a word, it was a dark circle where children suffering from inferiority complex bullied the proud students.

Of course, I don't openly quarrel or extort money. Since most of the students are children of high-ranking nobles, they will be expelled immediately if they behave like small people in the back alley.

Even so, it was clear that some students were active in some way, seeing as rumors were heard that they had been victimized by the Black Magician.

“Amy, today is over early. I was thinking of waiting until midnight.”

“Why are you waiting for me? Don't you have anything to do with that?"

“Don't be so. I heard your rumors. Didn’t you open your heart to a long-awaited bastard named Sirone?”

Amy rubbed her forehead and sighed. Are you insane now? She came to her library, not anywhere else, and she was talking about such pitiable things.

Jake handed me a cup of coffee with a grin. Amy could tell just by her scent. It was civet coffee, popular among nobles.

“It’s warmed up. Amy in the world deserves this much. Should I dirty my mouth with crappy coffee?”

Amy looked at the coffee and raised her head in bewilderment.

“What are you doing?”

“As you can see, they are courting. You are well aware of our family's power, and I will be in charge of the capital's finances, following in my father's footsteps. Couldn’t I be the right man for you?”

“I'm sorry, but I don't do private chatter in the library. So you're at the wrong place and at the wrong time. Oh, I forgot the most important thing, but people are also wrong. i hate you So let's be careful so that this doesn't happen in the future."

Amy stepped aside and went down the stairs. Then Jake hit the wall and blocked the way.

“What are you doing?”

“I guess I was being too gentle. I also have a family face, but it's troublesome if it's like this. Are you the same? Aren't you studying hard so as not to disgrace the Karmis family? We have the same concerns.”

Amy snorted. No matter how well-known the Ardius family was, it was not Karmis who would recklessly go up and down with their children. Most of all, I didn't like the way Jake talked.

“On the subject of a mistress who counts money.”

"what?"

“My family believes in living while doing what we want to do, right? It is qualitatively different from you, who thinks that counting money because of your father is a great boast.”

Jake's eyes had veins. He couldn't treat himself carelessly even if he was of the first rank. & nbsp;

My father is the royal financial executor. The world ends with money. It was Amy who ran amok without immaturity.

“Is the Karmis family that good? How many people are in the first class only in words, but are in power in active service? With the power of our family, we can kill Karmis with money. how is it? If you don't believe me, why don't you try it?"

Amy felt Jake's turbid energy and was thrilled. He was a man who could endlessly bully others for his own gain. He finally realized why he was upset all day.

“Whoa. thanks i got it Why did you get coffee?”

"what?"

“You are different from Sirone. In a word, he is a coward.”

"haha! That I'm more of a coward than that poor bastard? Can you check it out right now?”

“I’m dying to do something, but if you’re going to do it, do it quickly. Don't waste your time. Do you think you'll be scared if your eyes are straining on a subject you can't do this or that?”

Amy slapped Jake's mug. Expensive coffee was sprayed on the wall. The mug was stamped on the stairs and shattered.

---------------------------------------