The sun rises at night (4)

"There is no time!"

Ntara asked at Sirone's cry.

"what???????"

But before he could hear an answer, Sirone turned into a flash and flew across the night sky.

“Mika!”

-It is 7 minutes and 48 seconds until the arrival time of the solar wind.

"this??????

The current temple time is midnight.

Thus, to block the solar wind, it would have to circle half the planet in about seven minutes.

'I can't write simultaneous events.'

Because no one in outer space defines sirone.

- Blocking is also a problem. Coming to the planet now is the strongest law in the universe.

Mika, who hit the mark, was nasty at this moment.

"it will work out somehow."

Sirone's heart was also the strongest in the universe.

And at the same time he left, Amy and Ikael arrived at the temple.

“Huh!”

Amy, who had put the avatar of fire to rest, took a deep breath.

The air coming in after a long time was so thrilling that it paralyzed my brain, but I soon came to my senses.

“What happened?”

Ikael looked around and approached.

“It is a temple. Arrived faster than light. It seems to have been transmitted as a quantum signal.”

Then Amy saw.

"uh?"

small in the west that can never float

The sight of the light becoming as huge as the sun.

When Nade hesitated, Iruki gave him a wink to come in.

'I can't grasp the atmosphere.'

Of course, Iruki also didn't get a special feeling from the current Ymir.

'I've heard of it.'

When they reach a state that is too strong, the clumsy don't even feel alive.

'we… … It's clumsy?'

At least Nade thought it was not clumsy, so the number of cases was two.

'Surprisingly worth trying... …

Ymir has become a monster beyond imagination.

“Ymir.”

Gaold moved on.

“Seeing it here is quite different. But this time it won't be easy. This is not your world.” Ymir was silent.

'You speak as if you know me well.' Of course, I've fought most of the strong, but there was a thorn in Gaold's words.

The first level of in-depth, it must be the work of unconsciousness.

“Well, okay. There is a first face and a spherical face

army. I know that you are the best of the best.”

The moment Ymir's murderous energy emanated, one side of Ned's face was completely distorted.

“Big!”

Iruki made a puzzled expression at the tiger's reaction as if he had met a dinosaur.

'It's serious. As long as that guy gets scared.'

At that time, a butterfly made of light flew quickly and arrived at Jin Seong-eum.

Reading the information reflected on her retina, she stepped back.

“A new mission has arrived.”

And perhaps, this mission was the biggest variable that could determine the fate of the world.

As the party silently agreed, the true voice disappeared through the etheric waves.

“Now, the one who is going is gone… …

Ymir waved his hand at them.

“Come on all.”

Because no one gathered here had ever thought of losing a battle.

'Thousands Arms Guanyin.' Starting with Miro's incarnation, each of their organs began to develop simultaneously.

Surprisingly, the result... … .

“Quack.”

It was very one-sided.

“Kyaaak! Save people!”

Those staying at the Delta Headquarters were running down the hallways, regardless of status.

“Kill! Kill them all!”

No, can we call this a hallway?

In the reality where Bakji's curtain disappeared, blood, pus, and flesh clung to the walls.

“Huh!”

The demon's ivory-sharp arms pierced the lady-in-waiting and lifted her up.

“Ah! Oh, it hurts!”

“That sounds good to hear.”

As soon as she swung her arm, the lady-in-waiting escaped and landed on a wall with a human hand on it.

"oh! Ohhh!”

The dead man's hand, as if protruding from the grave, tore the woman's body apart.

The demons laughed.

“You are terribly weak. What did the army of hell do? I should have enlisted instead.”

Even the inhabitants of Hell, who lacked fighting ability, were no different from demons to humans.

“Don’t be alarmed. It's because the space was merged and I was just aiming for an empty gap. Humans are strong. It is absolutely no coincidence that the armies of Hell were destroyed.”

"but… … It sucks.”

It was only natural that it would be easy as they ignored all man-made defenses and penetrated.

“Well, Satan will take care of it. In the meantime, let's have some fun. look here There are so many precious materials to overflowing.”

Dismembered body parts, blood, internal organs, etc., were nothing but gold and silver treasures in the other world.

When the demon turned her head, the lady-in-waiting, whose legs were weak, crawled away in amazement.

"Help me!"

"lol! Once you're hungry.”

The moment the demon raised its sharp arm like an awl, a burning sound came from the eardrum.

"huh?"

Half of his face was blown off with a bang.

“Kiyi!”

The demons who found their fallen comrades headed towards the end of the hallway with frightened expressions on their faces.

Mito Cyrano, who is currently the head of the International Court of Justice, walked away grumbling.

“What, you guys? Where did you come from?”

The soldiers were busy protecting their country's factors, so wizards from the 5 departments came forward.

Socrates, who blew off the demon's head, said.

“The space overlaps. This is serious. It's like the sector's defense wall has been completely breached.”

"joy. A dying man must die. Where is the fool who thinks someone will protect him in this situation?”

Cyrano's words were realistic, but protecting innocent people was also important.

Alpheas said.

“The Tormia Teachers Association is in charge of the restaurant. We need to evacuate people to a large space.”

“Yes, please.”

Cyrano's tone softened.

Alpheas was a respected wizard, and Vice Principal Olivia was also a certified second-class archmage.

“I’ll go too!” When Dorothy, the chief military officer, stepped forward, Liz, who was also present as an economist, intervened.

“Me too.”

Their faces were extremely nervous, but since they were also professionals, Alpheas accepted.

As the Teachers Association moved, departments in each country also found their own roles and moved.

Socrates licked his lips.

"what? What are we going to do when it's all gone?"

said Cyrano.

“Don’t be cheap, the former president of the association. Please take some responsibility.” She walked in front of her and asked her demon.

“Where is your captain?”

In any case, the active duty soldiers of each country must protect the king, so they will not be able to leave their seats.

'We should meet at least once.'

Perhaps this is also the privilege of the leisurely person who withdrew from the front line.

“I will take you.”

Having said that, the demons rushed with bloody feet.

“I mean, just cut off your neck.”

"??????Ho Ho."

As the nails of the swamp witch, Cyrano, turned red, Socrates walked away with a disgusted expression.

Basement of Delta Headquarters.

When the midnight bell stopped ringing, Havits lowered his sword and nodded.

" lost."

Losing always feels bad, but this time it didn't seem to be the case.

'I have to listen to what I want.' Her heart pounded as she wondered what condition the wizard who had kissed her would make.

"say. What can I do for you?”

"no."

Wizard said nonchalantly.

“It’s a draw.”

Harvits' brow furrowed slightly.

“… … You don't understand?”

“The proposition I presented in this game is this. Either love you or hate you.”

"okay. So you fit... … Harvits was sad.

“You hate me.”

Wizard nodded.

“You couldn't kill Sirone or Uorin anyway. I'm not going to lose, so I'm quitting this game. Win or lose, I hate you.”

“… … you won.”

It was such a rule.

“What do you know about your sincerity? you have proven It is true that you love me.”

“Wrong.”

When Wizard was first offered this game, there was only one thing that came to Wizard's mind.

'tie.'

Winning or losing isn't the issue.

In the first place, the reason Harvits likes to win is only because it's more fun.

'If losing is enjoyable, you may be willing to lose. I can't catch you that way.'

If the wizard wanted death as a condition for victory, would he have committed suicide?

'I don't know.'

His mind is chaos.

'But this way... …

Wizard said.

"That's it. Don't look for it again.”

Leaving those words behind, when she really left, Havitz was dazed.

It was a break.

'How is it, Harvits?'

Natasha, who had an image of the outside world, watched Havitz's reaction.

'How does it feel to be directly affected?'

"uh… …

Tears flowed down one of Harvitz's eyes.

“Aaaaaaa!”

The huge rage behind the sadness completely contorted the muscles in his face.

Wooded Deuk!

Kido hurriedly held out his spear as his face distorted as he broke his bones.

“Uorin! stand up quickly! red… …

And in the next moment, everyone present was stunned to see Habitz.

“Uhhhh… …

All of his hair fell out, and his face and body were burned black like charcoal.

“Above?????That??????de.” Only the jade-white snow was moving.

After the vanishing, the law to avoid death, and the chaos that formed it disappeared, what remained.

evil.

“I will have it.”

It was atrocious.

It should have already been devastated.

Cuckoo coo coo!

There should be nothing left the moment Gaold's air press applied.

'Buffer action.'

Miro had a hunch that someone was blocking the energy applied to the planet.

'Is it Taeseong?'

I heard that you did something bad to Sirone, but it wasn't important right now.

This is because the giant's fist is 1 cm in front of the nose.

'Thousands Arms Guanyin.'

It was far enough.

'Baek Gong.'

Time slowed down, and the palm of countless births tapped on Ymir's arm.

But the problem is power.

“Huh!”

The fist that destroyed the incarnation of the maze penetrated even the defense of Eden.

Aaaaaang!

“Mr. Miro! Eden!”

The two women rolled on the floor at the same time, and Lian came running and brandished a straight sword as if flowing backwards.

“Yea.｝!”

Again, monstrosity.

Ymir's focus slightly wavered as he blocked it with his arm, but the corners of his mouth rose.

“Geuk, is that so?”

Ymir's mind's eye pierced the opponent.

“Is this the last one?”

Ryan's heart sank.

The swordsman who stood up many times even when his body was broken was no longer in the world.

“I can’t fool my senses.”

Pushing away the great sword, Ymir twisted his body.

“Shall we check?”

As he punched, flames flew through his side.

“Quaaaaaaaa!”

There were cells that could withstand even lava.

“Big!”

Even after the flames had gone out, he stumbled and stared straight ahead with angry eyes.

“What are you again?”

Amy was sitting in front of the group.

“Whoa.”

“Amy!”

Tess immediately ran over and covered Amy with her cloak.

“What happened, you fool!”

“Hehe, long time no see.”

Tears welled up in Tess' eyes at the confident smile that always reassured her.

"what? to be blunt. Become very strong.”

Ikael said.

“This is not the time to be complacent. There are more serious matters.”

"serious? The world has come to this point, what could be more serious than this?”

“They are coming.”

Ikael's gaze turned to the night sky.

"uh'?"

The next moment everyone realized.

The fact that another sun is approaching from the universe that has turned its back on the sun.

Light explodes on something arriving at the speed of light.

“Keugh!”

In a world that had turned to daylight, a man engulfed in brilliance was smiling sadly.

Amy's expression darkened.

"me : yes?"

The final code chosen by the god of the outside world.

“Amy.”

Daeil Yeorae 大日 如來.

End of History⑴

Wings of light that covered the sky fluttered.

The wind pressure of an explosion pushed Syrone away, and the line between night and day was finally visible.

'Hey there!'

The sun's rays cast over the land curved along the mountains and fields.

The moment he crossed the border, the clear vision blinded Sirone for a moment.

'I'm almost there.'

At that point, Shirone, who broke through the atmosphere, went out into space and calculated the time.

-68 seconds ago.

It was a tremendous amount of energy that was invisible to the visual distance but approached at the speed of light.

If not prevented, the hemisphere of the planet would ripen, and eventually it was extinct.

Detected earlier than the solar wind was a discoid ship, a creation of extraterrestrial life.

'Terra Force.'

It was flying to the other side of the planet where the temple was located at a very high speed by human standards.

'It's here.'

The final confrontation between good and evil.

If evil wins here, the Terra Force will also erase humanity from space.

'User protection device.'

Because no human wants to live under the rule of absolute evil.

- Yahweh.

He heard the voice of the Supreme Court of Terraforce.

- Report to the representative of humanity. Now we will judge the end of man.

Sirone did not object.

I couldn't object, but the biggest reason was because I believed in the power of good.

“I will never give up.”

- So...

The signal from the Supreme Court Justice, who had been distant for a while, approached again.

-Are you thinking of blocking the solar wind?

"yes."

It was now about 30 seconds left.

- Sirone.

"yes?"

I asked quickly in a situation where time was running out, but the answer was delayed for a long time. The topic that even the Supreme Court, who has clearer standards than human beings, is conflicting with is... … .

Amy's death.

Because it is a race that can hear all the voices of mankind, it also knew the records of Omega.

-He who blocked the sun for the sake of mankind, if you could save everyone, would you give up one person's life?

"okay."

Sirone added.

“If it were my life, so be it.” What can I say?

As the Terraforce ships disappeared over the planet, the Supreme Court said goodbye.

-Good luck.

After clearing her mind, Sirone headed for the tremendous energy she began to feel little by little.

-9 seconds until the arrival of the solar wind. 8 seconds.

'Miracle stream.'

The mind that reached the realm of Yahweh created a lens-shaped membrane that was bigger than the planet.

-2 seconds. 1 sec.

Kurrrrrrr!

As the solar wind flowed along the veil, the entire defense shield shook and Sirone lost consciousness.

“Aaaaaaa!”

A huge haze erupted on the land devastated by the battle between the dragon and the angel.

"hot."

The sun from 8 minutes ago was burning in the sky that the fire dragon Inpercus looked up at.

The dragon Argan said.

“I was thinking of roasting it whole. Even though the Messiah is blocking it, it is this much radiant heat.”

If it wasn't for Hexa's tent, everything on the ground would have been burned.

Assryker said.

“He is coming.”

Sirone was falling without wings.

* * *

"me : yes."

Unlike the polar maze staring at her with scary eyes, Nane's face was calm.

“Why did you come back?” Nane shut her mouth.

Also, that was proof that he had descended as a being from the outside world.

“To destroy this world?”

"no."

Nane shook her head.

“There is nothing to destroy in the first place. I want to bring everyone back. A paradise without pain or hate.”

Maybe it is.

"that is… … Is this the Buddha’s conclusion?” I didn't like the maze.

“It's not a conclusion, it's the truth. You will know when you wake up. Obsession with this world is an illusion without substance.”

Shura flew.

“Buddha.”

He was the only one who had returned from the outside world and knew the secrets of this world.

“Yes, it is Shura.”

“Did you find out? What is it? What is this universe like? What will we become when we wake up?”

Nane knew what truth the god of lies longed for.

“Do you want enlightenment?”

"yes. Teach me.”

Just because knowing and realizing are different, there was only one thing I could do.

“Sermon.”

green onion.

The sword, which glowed like a flash of light, flew like a bend and pierced Shura's torso.

“Huh billion!”

Her eyes rolled upward and then she lost consciousness and fell to the ground.

"damn!"

Nade took her because she couldn't keep her eyes open to watch the falling person.

“Hey, are you okay?”

“Kuh! Keugh!”

Even when she could not breathe, her gaze was fixed on the Buddha.

'why?'

you said

“Wake up from your dream. The pain is only momentary. Let go of obsession and present pain

will be liberated from it.”

"hey! Wake!"

Shura was conflicted in the consciousness of being distant.

'is it?'

If I give up my life like this, will I be able to know the secret of the universe?

'The secret of the universe?'

Looks like someone died

“Big!”

Shura, who activated her gestalt ability, broke the sermon with the power of lies.

“Haha! Haha!”

When Shura stared into the air, Nane made a pitiful expression.

“Why do you refuse?”

Well, why?

"I do not know. I was prepared to give my life if I realized the secret. But in my opinion... …

That's it.

"I don't think it's true."

“It is true.”

Nane was really frustrated.

“I am not killing you. To give you everything I felt. Once you follow my teachings, all doubts will be resolved by themselves.”

That would be true too.

“Then you should have killed him.” “If you are truly a Buddha, really right, I should have killed you before I had time to question. Then he would have been enlightened by the outside world. But I couldn't.”

Miro understood.

"still… … Are you saying it's not perfect?"

Shura nodded.

“If it's really a ball, then it's enough if you don't care what happens to this world. But the Buddha has returned. In other words, I wonder if it is a bit of an obsession, that I have my heart set on this world.”

“Whoa.”

I couldn't deny it.

Then his gaze moved slowly to Amy on the ground.

'okay.'

It was an obsession with his previous life that he could not turn away from even after waking up in the outside world.

“So I came.”

To break even the last remaining obsession and liberate all of humanity from suffering.

“Sermon.”

Behind Nane, a sword that seemed to have gathered all the colors of the world spread out like a fan.

"nine."

Infinite swords shot at the speed of light began to fall from the edge of the sky.

Buddha's enlightenment aims for only one thing.

"damage!"

It was Amy.

“Ah!”

Sirone woke up holding her head.

“Are you okay?”

When I looked up, all the 12 apostles were making worried expressions as if they were competing.

'I lost consciousness.'

Sirone shouted.

“How long have I been stunned?”

“About three seconds. It wasn't very long. But I think the impact is considerable.”

"I do not have time."

It was ominous.

I don't know why, but it was the scariest feeling I've ever had in my entire life.

“What the hell is going on… …

Sirone's words suddenly stopped.

"uh?"

An unusually large amount of tears poured out.

"uh? uh huh?”

His face was wrinkled with tears and his whole body began to tremble as if he had been struck by lightning.

“Messiah! Why?”

“Ahhh… … !”

Tachyon's signal went back in time and brought a fact.

It was a deal with Fermi.

“Ah, Amy.”

The reason why I explored that moment that I had never looked back on by adding consciousness and unconsciousness.

“Amy is dying.”

Because it was more painful than dying himself or losing all of humanity.

“No eh eh!”

Sirone's body, which triggered the simultaneous event, evaporated.

Qurrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr!

As the sermon devastated the ground, the party scattered in all directions searched for Amy.

'It's me, you... …

Miro saw through the Buddha's thoughts.

“Protect Amy! Even if we die, we must protect Amy!”

The condition in which Buddha becomes perfect, and the condition in which Yahweh loses everything.

'Amy's death.'

However, there was a huge wall called Ymir to succeed in Miro's instructions.

“Hahaha! It kills me!”

The king of giants who crossed the limit did not push even a little against the strongest players.

Gaold's expression turned serious.

'Rather overwhelm.'

New arms stretched from Ymir's shoulder and side as he took up his riding position.

“Hehe!”

The six volumes swung around like a gale, and everyone who rushed at them was bounced away.

In the meantime, Nane's sermon was endlessly pursuing Amy, the incarnation of fire.

"this. river. oh. zero. city. award. sifter. amount.” Each word becomes a sword and pierces Amy's incarnation at tremendous speed.

“Keugh!”

Eventually, half of the incarnations returned to human form.

'The incarnation is breaking.'

"ruler. yo. this. mountain. tooth. me. force.”

And finally, the avatar of fire was completely destroyed and she rolled on the floor.

“Keugh!”

A sword was inserted around her as she sat with her shoulder wrapped around her, and a cylindrical light gushed out.

“Amy!” Miro's Thousand-Handed Guanyin and Zulu's Posmetary were developed simultaneously, but to no avail.

'The concept itself doesn't work.'

imaginary time.

Sirone wasn't the only one dealing with tachyons.

“Let go! Let go of this!”

Amy, trapped in the light of the cylinder, rises into the air, and numerous events overlap.

“Change your mind.”

"no!"

No matter what the reason, Amy did not bend her conviction.

“I don’t change.” If I had lived a different life, I would have lived that way again.

'Meeting Sirone.'

Even if I go back thousands or tens of thousands of times, I will choose that moment again.

“I will never forget.”

Nane couldn't change Amy's results.

“… … Is that so."

Everyone does.

Even if there was a heaven out there, would I give up my life leaving behind my loved ones?

'Even if it's just a dream...

Shall we wake up from this dream of being with the lover we love?

'but.'

How many human beings are suffering in this mundane world where good and evil collide?

“I will return everything.” with a ball.

Cuckoo Cuckoo!

As the world shook, the battle on the ground stopped and all eyes turned to the sky.

“I-that… …

A golden Buddha that rose up to his chest above the horizon was smiling benevolently.

“I am

Two gigantic palms rose from the ground and covered Amy as if they were joining hands.

"no!"

Everyone in the party launched an attack into the air, but they could not break the Buddha's rightness.

“Unmarked.”

Gradually, their palms met and pressed Amy, who was stuck in the middle.

“Huh!”

I hesitated.

'I feel it.'

Amy's breath, alive.

The last child of the Buddha was trembling so pitifully between his palms.

'Really, really... … Will I erase this woman?

'you can do it.'

The reason why it doesn't close even though it has the power to destroy the entire universe is the heart that conforms to it.

“View??????

destroy it

“Amy!”

At the same time as Sirone arrived due to a simultaneous incident, Nane's actions shook the heavens and the earth.

city! | U' /、? /、/z、z /■xz /、? /、/z、zz、z /、? | re'

three fucking

"no! not… … Wow!”

The moment the Buddha's hands touch, Shirona falls to the ground as if struck by lightning.

“?????mmmm.”

Tears of blood dripped from Nane's eyes as she bowed her head with her palms together.

'Please take refuge in Avalokiteshvara Bodhisattva.' Karmis Amy.

Dead.