[453] The Beginning of Change (5)

An area 2 kilometers away from the 1st Rebel Command.

Gaold was walking through a dark forest.

His eyes, looking straight ahead with his hands behind his back, did not capture the scenery.

Twenty years ago, I met a woman.

A woman who is so different from herself that even if she doesn't like it, she automatically turns her eyes away from curiosity.

Human relationships are really strange. The mind is insubstantial, so you cannot guess where it will flow.

Perhaps Gaold was regretting it.

It may be that he threw everything at her, and now he hates this reality where only hell is left.

That's why I couldn't cut off the heart I gave away or take it back, so that's how I went through this hell and arrived at the center of a secluded vacant lot.

In the silence where not even the sound of birds could be heard, Gaold looked up at the open sky.

Many stars were shining.

The sky I haven't seen in a long time.

There is no labyrinth in that star. Miro is alive somewhere connected to the ground he is stepping on.

thump. thump.

Trying to calm his beating heart, Gaold threw his words deep into the woods.

“Stop coming out. You're here alone, so there's no need to waste time, right?"

At the same time as the words fell, 21 people appeared in the darkness of the forest.

Tormia Magic Association Cage Team B.

Once upon a time, they were all Gaold's subordinates, but few knew their faces.

However, as the former president of the Magic Association, I knew how powerful they were.

Of course, no one can overcome Gaold with individual force, but just as scissors cannot overcome a fist, and the sea cannot overcome the wind, there are unique magic combinations.

Also, if the team was dispatched to eliminate himself, there is no way that he did not mix the regular eaters.

Team leader Rose stepped out to the front.

An intense murderous feeling that had never been seen before fluttered across her face.

“Since when have you noticed?”

Certified 4th class scent wizard Rose. He had known him well since he was president of the association.

“Heuk, do you need to go to the notice? If you're targeting me anyway.”

It was also the reason Gaold had come alone.

The purpose of the 21 was the elimination of Gaold, and they would enter with the conviction that it did not matter how many people died in order to achieve that goal.

If Gaold isn't alone, they'll never move and see an opportunity to hit the back.

It was something that had to be completed and moved forward at the point where the project that had been prepared for 20 years was about to begin.

“Be surrounded.”

When Rose's words ran out, 20 people were entangled like a net and cast teleportation.

Gaold was still looking at Rose with his hands behind his back.

There were no emotions like wanting to avoid a fight or not wanting to kill a comrade.

However, Cage Team B knows Gaold, and Gaold does not know Cage Team B.

Even if you know it, the change in tactical strategy created by the combination of 20 different people is almost infinite.

All he could do was think of what he could do.

Ssssss.

Even the rustling of grass sounded like thunder. A few people in the back moved.

Carnivorous Benifis took out a meat cleaver and looked at his colleagues on the left and right.

The beam of insect magic nodded, and the lead of curse magic combined omniscience and omnipotence.

There was one thought that came to everyone's head against the wizard who had the best physical strength in Tormia.

'It won't take long.'

“Hey, juniors.”

The moment they heard Gaold's voice, 21 people flinched at the same time.

“What kind of guy’s determination is so long? The ones who came to die.”

Life dwelled in the eyes of the wizards.

It was as if smoke was rising from their bodies, as if 21 phosphorus were burning.

death immediately. It was a ritual in which those who gave up their lives burned their will while burning the rest of their lives.

* * *

With Gaold missing, nine people, including Sein, sat in a circle with torches lit in the empty lot behind the headquarters.

Unlike usual, Sein's expression was relaxed.

Perhaps it's because he's recalling the memories of 20 years ago, before he became known as a cruel wizard of the Black Line.

“About the 20 judges… … .”

Sein opened his mouth.

“There are not many people in the world who know the details. But only the three of us know the story of Miro, I, and Gaold.”

The group waited for words with their eyes shining.

However, Sein's mouth did not open easily.

It was the burden of divulging a tiny, personal secret that happened in the midst of the greatest event in human history.

“I loved the maze.”

When no one could refute the words that were spoken like a surprise attack, Sein continued.

“And Gaold loved Maze too.”

Sein looked up at the sky. like Gaold.

“Yeah, maybe it’s not that important. But that was everything for us.”

this is the story.

“Twenty years ago, the coolest man in the world, the most outstanding woman in the world, and… … .”

A story of terrible sorrow that a man who only wanted to live in obedience to God, hated, cursed, and ridiculed God and plunged into hell.

“The kindest idiot in the world was attending Alpheas Magic School.”

Sein's story began.

Church of Tormia Yor.

Yoreism is a worldwide religion that has a history of giving only charity without fighting a single war even during the dark ages of mankind.

Among them, there is not even a position, and the status of commoners and nobles does not matter.

In the church, only 'Yora', who preaches the doctrine of the church, resides, and in any case, it is loved by everyone for its poverty-stricken principle of living only with volunteer work and donations of believers without receiving money.

'thank you. Lord Yor.'

The young man knelt under the sunlit church, praying while holding a pendant with a cross in a small circle, the symbol of Yor.

'Today too, I hope that all the unfortunate people in the world will find happiness. make me your servant Give me the courage to love even evil.'

A young man with a white face and skin as clean as a child's.

The good impression that seemed to be full of only innocence was Gaold 20 years ago.

“Are you saying a prayer of thanks for the senior class promotion?”

Gaold finished his prayer and opened his eyes.

Water droplets were gently forming around his eyes, which were wet with emotion.

“Yora-sama.”

Gaold, blushing with embarrassment, stood up from his seat wiping away tears.

“The senior class starts today.”

Mikea Gaold.

He is a rare good boy among Yor believers.

When I heard that he was going to enter the magic school, I was just puzzled.

Magic is force, and force begets violence. However, Gaold was learning magic because of that.

Although divinity and magic have a common aspect, sorcerers deny God.

He thought that in order to understand them, he had to understand magic himself.

“Then, I will go.”

Gaold headed to Alpheas Magic School.

The graduating class that barely made it through all the hard work. Fierce competition awaits him, but he is the one who will not lose to anyone when it comes to tenacity.

'God Yor, give me strength.'

While taking a walk in the park during the entrance ceremony for the advanced class children, Gaold found a motive he most hated to encounter.

Sein has been an enemy since Class 7.

Still, he couldn't ignore it, so Gaold asked for a handshake.

“It's a real competition from today. Let's work hard.”

Sein didn't even look at him.

“Why do I have to shake hands with you? If you want to shake my hand, bring the god you believe in before me.”

The offended Gaold raised his voice.

“I never forced my thoughts. why are you always pissed? Your way of talking is really... … .”

The bitter debate began again.

Then, around 10 minutes passed.

“Hey, you two there!”

A woman's voice was heard in the distance. Sein's eyes shone as she turned her head.

Adrias Miro.

He was currently the most notable graduating class student at Alpheas Magic School.

For personal reasons, he was suspended from school for one year because he burned down his lab, but his skills were already known in other countries.

"I can not hear you? Come over here.”

As the two approached, Miro put the box containing the test materials on the floor and wiped away his sweat.

“Whoa, this is really heavy. Are you guys freshmen? Move this to my lab.”

Sein raised his head and said.

“Why should we? I know there is no concept of a senior from the senior year.”

“Yeah… … I feel like you're just wasting your energy. Wouldn’t it be nice if you saved up your fighting strength and helped me?”

It was the right thing to say, so Gaold willingly stepped forward.

“Yes. Then I... … .”

"wait. I won't help.”

"okay. But I will help.”

“No, I can't understand your help either. Are you saying our argument is pathetic? Everything that makes up this world is fragments of a clash of opinions.”

Miro frowned.

“It’s very hard. Is your personality like this?”

Gaold laughed heartily.

"haha! That's it, this guy... … .”

“It’s Sein. You must have heard the name even in your senior year.”

When Se-in cut off his words and introduced himself, Miro, as if surprised, bumped their palms together.

“Ah, are you Sein? That Servant?”

Sein continued talking without even changing his expression, as if it was natural for her to know him.

“I heard it was great. But since I came, the first place is mine. You better be nervous.”

Miro didn't even pretend to hear Sein's words.

“But you are a cold-blooded person? Are you really not excited? Can you call that a person?”

“It’s not about not getting excited, it’s about controlling. The most important thing for a wizard is cool-headedness. I am not shaken under any circumstances.”

"Hmm, can't you believe it? Humans naturally have emotions, and you should follow what your heart moves.”

'A wizard puts emotions in his mouth. Are the rumors exaggerated?'

Sein put off his disappointment and made a suggestion.

“Then why don’t you try it? If you make me even a little angry, I will lift this burden.”

"uh? really? ok then hmm… … .”

Miro, who had tapped her lips and rolled her eyes, said with a snapping sound with her hands.

“Are you really in control?”

"Of course. The Servant... … ”

Miro sat down before Sein could finish his words. Then, she grabbed Sain's pants and pulled them down all over.

“… … .”

It was as if Sein had lost his soul.

However, Gaold's feelings were not normal either.

“Mi, crazy… … .”

Miro stared at what was in front of him and pretended to measure its length with his thumb and forefinger.

“Hmm, it looks like this.”

Miro raised her head and asked.

"how is it? Aren’t you emotionally agitated even after this?”

“All right, of course. i never... … .”

In the end, Sein couldn't finish his words.

But Miro didn't particularly care and got up.

"okay? Really great. There really are people like this.”

Then, as if remembering something, he clapped his hands.

"right! Pasca root! You forgot that!”

Miro pointed to Gaold and said.

"what is your name?"

“Go, it’s Gaold… … yo. this."

Gaold, who was not in his right mind, habitually showed respect.

“Move your luggage to the lab. It is a dangerous item, so you must handle it carefully. Please."

"for a moment! Where is the lab... … !”

Miro didn't listen and ran out of the park.

Gaold licked his lips and looked back at Sein.

Although they are enemies, as the same man, I could sympathize with him.

“Hey, are you okay?”

Sein slowly pulled up his pants. And he turned around and walked away with a dazed expression on his face, as if he still hadn't come to his senses.

Gaold clicked his tongue in pity.

'How do you take off your panties? What a strange woman.'

That was Gaold's first impression of Maze.

---------------------------------------