[337] Wave of Law (2)

The Ice Queen said, raising her hand slowly.

“You weak humans, kneel before me.”

When the ice queen's voice was quite sincere, the tourists clapped and rejoiced.

“Nice voice! Is that plausible?”

“Hey, my queen! look back on this one too Don't do that, take this opportunity to shake hands with the Ice Queen... … Kuck!”

The man suddenly grabbed his neck and fell to his knees.

The same situation happened to people at the same time.

His blood-soaked face was red as if it would burst at any moment. He desperately sucked in air, but his breathing was becoming more and more rough.

The only people standing normally were Sirone and the others.

Sirone observed changes in people. Before they knew it, necklaces with cone spikes were stuffed around their necks.

Lyria frowned and muttered.

“That’s the Law Wheel… … ?”

The wheel of the law is an exorcism tool of the rites that contains the principles of the law in its shape, and its effectiveness is maximized the closer it is to a perfect circle.

Law wheels that could be obtained from civilians were merely imitations, and at best they promoted mental and physical stability.

However, it was impossible to manufacture the official Dharma wheel possessed by the ancestral priest unless the arms maker had reached the state of nirvana.

In Lilia's eyes, the Law Wheels hung around people's necks were genuine.

It is impossible to distinguish Won's perfection with the naked eye, but the celestial priests who have gone through long training can feel Won's temperament with their inner eyes.

“The Wheel of Redemption. It's not a thing of this world. you guys be careful too If you get swept away by the waves of the law, that's what you'll end up with.”

When all the people who were affected by the wave of the law lost strength in their legs and knelt down, the wheel of the law loosened and air finally entered their prayers.

Heavy breathing could be heard from everywhere.

“Ouch! Wow! what? Who filled this necklace?”

"hey! Someone please release this!”

Zokre felt a shudder run down his spine as he watched the people screaming in terror.

The shape of the law wheel was the embodiment of the Ice Queen's own memories, but the way she strangled people was a strategy she proposed.

The Ice Queen can change the rules of the world.

To be honest, I wondered if this was possible, but when I saw everyone kneeling, I realized it.

The legend of the Ice Queen, which dominated the era 800 years ago, was true without a single lie.

'done! It really is! I never thought a day like this would come to me.'

At this rate, ruling the world was no longer a dream.

What's more, she couldn't remember anything from the past, probably because she had been in hibernation for 800 years.

The wizard who terrorized the world has become a child who can be coaxed with a piece of candy.

'I will have the Ice Queen.'

After tidying up the place, he was thinking of gently coaxing the Ice Queen into becoming his woman.

It was strange to be dating someone over 800 years old, but if you coaxed it out, you'd be able to get over it, and most of all, she was beautiful.

Even compared to Amy, who had dumped herself coldly five years ago, her appearance was not inferior in the slightest.

While alone in such a delusion, the Ice Queen turned to Zocre and asked.

“Is it okay to do this?”

Zocre smiled with satisfaction at the Ice Queen's attitude of asking and relying on even the smallest things.

However, there was no need to be offended so far, so I answered with my head bowed as if I were dealing with a real queen.

"yes. Everyone will obey the queen.”

Lyria realized that most of the elements that made up the Ice Queen's personality were influenced by Zokre.

'In the end, is it according to the prophecy... … .'

As with most Advent myths, this time the Ice Queen would meet a single human and plunge the world into an abyss of evil.

Sirone looked at the dreary landscape where hundreds of people were kneeling with a tired expression.

“What is this? I don't think it's magic.”

It was a natural question for those who did not know the law.

It is not equivalent exchange.

There was no way to get the wheel of the law to strangle hundreds of people for not following directions.

Eating out by Lee Ki-rin, head of the fairy department in heaven, was not so disastrous.

Dante, who did not have time to explain, spoke briefly.

“It is the ability called the law. be careful. That woman has the ability to change the rules of the world.”

“A change in the rules?”

The first thing Sirone thought of was the Akashic Records.

However, no being other than the Infinite Wizard could twist the rules on such a grand scale.

If so, one possibility.

It was the case with the Akashic Records from the beginning.

"which… … Is it like a conceptual body?”

Lyria opened her eyes wide and turned her head.

It was impossible to see the spirit body dedicated to the human body and grasp its essence unless you were a practitioner of the spiritual system.

'This child knows the law... … .'

Most people go through their lives unaware that the world operates according to the rules of the whole.

It was surprising that Sirone was aware of the mechanism of the law, which was handed down to only a few people in the shrine.

"that's right. In the first place, it was a mental body that could not be identified. It's a phenomenon called a demigod. It is impossible for you who do not know the law to defend. Don't fall away from me.”

Amy raised her fist and shouted at Zokre.

"you! What the hell are you up to?”

"ha ha ha! decorate? Do you still see this as a joke? We will conquer the world.”

“Stop talking nonsense! Are you sure?”

Zocre sneered and told the people.

“Everyone worship the Queen. If you don't obey, the queen's law will kill you.”

As the wheel of the law tightened their necks and entered, the black-and-white people put their hands on the floor and groaned.

Then he shouted in a strained voice.

“Hey, long live the queen!”

“I will follow the Queen!”

When the faces of those who worshiped the queen returned to a calm state, Sirone finally realized the seriousness of the situation.

The law also applies to Zokre's instructions. This is because, unlike magic, which logically designates a target, the law rebalances the whole.

The sound of praising the ice queen pierced the sky, and Zokre tasted a pleasure he had never felt before in his life.

It was as if they all worshiped him.

"how is it? this is my strength If you come under me even now, I'll save you from that kind of situation.”

Zocre expected to see Sirone and the others tremble. However, contrary to expectations, no one moved and watched the situation.

With his hands in his pockets, Dante crookedly walked out.

“Hey, you. How's your mind going? Do you know what you are doing?”

"under! do you think i'm crazy you're welcome! Don't you know what people are like by looking at them? You will end up like that too.”

“You, you just almost killed hundreds of people.”

The blood drained from Zokre's face.

“You want to rule the world? Do you know what that means or are you talking about it? Can you really take responsibility for those words?”

“Ouch… … !”

Zokre couldn't answer.

Becoming the ruler of the world is an ambition that every man has had at least once. But when he came back to reality he was just a 1 human being who hated going to prison and hated dying even more.

The Ice Queen can change the rules. So if you put her on a leash, she will obey her commands even if she doesn't want to die.

This was all of Zocre's calculated thoughts.

But what if you refuse?

They all become corpses with their neck bones broken.

Of course, no one wants to die, but once I imagined it, I felt an unbearable fear.

'Can I really conquer the world?'

As Dante said, he may have been insane for a while.

While I was thinking that, I heard Vivian's voice.

"joy! what did that mean? According to us, no one dies! Then you will be the first victim!”

Zocre looked back at Vivian with a blank expression. Overnight, her eyes had completely changed.

“How long did you know you were the main characters of the world? We are the ones in control of this situation!”

'Vivian... … .'

Zocre saw Vivian and realized.

She was prepared to lose everything to get the one chance in her life.

Yes, there is nowhere to back down. If you've come this far, you'll have to see the end no matter what.

Because great undertakings require courage.

Zocre, regaining his composure, held out his hand and walked out.

“Get down on your knees, Amy. and blame me Otherwise, I will kill everyone in this room.”

Shocked by Zokre's words, the people raised their heads. I already felt like the law wheel was tightening my neck.

"hey! Get on your knees! I'm really going to die like this!”

“You damn kids! I mean do it quickly! I wish I was wrong!”

The tourists didn't care what Sirone's party did to Zocre.

If you don't follow the instructions, everyone will die.

Even if you didn't do anything wrong, of course you should obey Zocre.

“Pray! I'm begging them all! I have a wife and children! It's nothing!”

“Please save me! Do as you say!”

None of Sirone's party moved.

If you give up the initiative here, you will have no choice but to be dragged in the future according to the intention of Zokre and the others.

Amy glared at Zocre with cold eyes.

“Why is it me? Why do you want to accept my apology? Because I didn’t accept your heart?”

Zocre's face turned red as Amy hit him in the head.

I couldn't find her embarrassed look at the skating rink. This was a battlefield, and caring about her personal feelings was a luxury.

'It works. Did he really want an apology from me for that? Foolishness is... … .'

Provoking Zocre doesn't come with a particularly good countermeasure, but to create a variable, you had to shake the opponent.

According to the plan, Zocre couldn't hide his embarrassment. His rage flared up as if his own narrow-mindedness had been discovered.

"shut up! If you don't listen to me, everyone will die! Are you really saying you don't care if everyone here dies?"

said Dante.

“If people die, you killed them. we didn't do anything Either become a murderer and live on the run for the rest of your life.”

Dante was sincere.

To a wizard, distinguishing between good and evil is not a very important issue. In situations where there is no solution, it is better to sacrifice people than to rush to the worst.

“Amy, you don’t have to be swayed by that guy’s words. Because he doesn't even have the guts to do that."

Zokre shouted menacingly.

"joy! Is it really so? really kill me yes!"

Terrified people lashed out at Amy.

“You damn bitch! Are you really going to kill them all? Get down on your knees! I wish I was wrong!”

“Please save me! I'm going to die like this!"

Amy bit her lip.

Her judgment was no different from Dante's. Even if she complied with her opponent's request, a bigger request awaited.

However, when he was singled out, the lives of hundreds of people were at stake in his judgment, so the blood had to run dry.

“Let’s take some time. I will do as you say.”

The corner of Zokre's mouth went up as Amy approached.

'That's right, what can I do to hold on?'

Then, Sirone grabbed Amy's shoulder. As her Amy looked back at her startled expression, she saw sparks in Jokre's eyes.

"what are you doing? Even if everyone dies, you want to take care of your lover’s pride, right?”

Sirone did not deny it.

"okay. There is no reason Amy should obey you.”

Zokre's face twisted.

Is it the cool-headedness of so-called wizards?

No, it's arrogance.

Building a lover's pride cannot be worth hundreds of lives.

---------------------------------------