---------------------------------------

[4] Meet the Magic (4)

Sirone heard everything. He, of course, had more senses than that, but he couldn't confide in Alfeas.

The moment a vague ideal is grasped, all thoughts face reality and warn that it is dangerous.

Maybe he didn't get into the spirit zone. Still couldn't define what it was. 

It was as if the body was split into particles and spread out. As my senses opened, all sorts of information poured in. She shuddered at the vastness of a world completely different from what she felt with her five senses. At the same time, a truth penetrated my brain.

i am limitless

“Huh, black.”

Sirone shed tears from the overwhelming emotion. Then I closed my eyes and ran. He didn't even realize he was running. Her aroused brain secreted a huge amount of adrenaline and went into a temporary blackout.

Suddenly, a blunt impact hit his face.

“Aww!”

Sirone grabbed his nose and slammed his ass. When he came to his senses, it was an alleyway. It was a secluded place that Vincent had warned not to enter.

“What, annoying!”

The young man who had been hit on the back by Sirone fell and lost his temper. In front of them, bad-looking old men were glaring at Sirone.

Even when the young man woke up, he grabbed Sirone by the collar. He was a man with slanted eyes and twisted lips.

"what? Are you crazy?"

“I’m sorry!”

“I’m sorry, is it over? Blow honestly. You sent it from the wolf gang, right? Didn’t you just try to soak me?”

"no! no!"

The thugs saw Sirone's frightened eyes and smiled cruelly. This kid, who was cute even when he collapsed, didn't even have the courage to hit people, let alone a knife.

In the back alleys, these types were called herbivores. And herbivores were a good source of money for meat eaters. I'm trembling with fear, so now I just need to peel it off and eat it.

'Hoo? Look at this?'

Judging by her face, she was dressed in a sloppy outfit, but she was imbued with elegance. Such a child was a high-class manpower who could receive a gold coin if sold to Namchon.

“What are you guys doing? Did anything interesting happen?”

“Miss Amy!”

The bullies shouted in unison and turned around. 

Standing outside the alley was a pretty girl about the same age as Sirone. Her reddish bangs flowed down to cover one eye, and she wore a dress with a collar as high as her long neck.

"lol. Why did you come? Are you bored again?”

Contrary to his light tone, the young man servilely rubbed his hands together. It was natural for anyone who knew her identity.

Karmis Amy.

She is the youngest daughter of the Karmis family, the first in the aristocracy. Since she was born, she has everything, so she is sick of living, and her only pleasure these days is snooping around her back alleys and finding something fun to do.

Since the first class was right below the royal family in rank, it was only natural that the back alley thugs were trembling. Moreover, Amy was even respected by her bullies because of her spending.

“This child is a horse. Are you trying to kill someone? So I was trying to get my hands on it.”

Sirone hurriedly shook his head.

“Oh, no. I bumped into it without even realizing it.”

“It’s cracking. Are you asking us to believe that?”

When the big man kicked his stomach, Sirone rolled on the floor without even screaming. His breath stopped and his stomach ached as if it were being ripped apart. It was the first violence he experienced in his life.

“You don’t have to pay for it, man! where did your mom go Mother who gave birth to a conscienceless bastard like you and is still swallowing bread, bring me!”

Sirone was shocked. How can they say such a thing when they have a mother too? They were really bad guys.

“What? Does this child's eyes change? Are you feeling bad?”

As soon as Sirone became serious, the bullies started to attack and trample on each other. Even then, Shirone didn't know why he didn't touch his face.

"stop. Then I'll catch you."

The bullies retreated at Amy's instructions. 

Sirone looked at her with frightened eyes. I envied her that she was free from her pain, as if there was an invisible glass wall between the two of her.

"hey! Are you okay?"

“I-I didn’t do anything.”

“Who said what? I asked if you were okay."

“I don’t know, maybe it’s okay.”

Sirone wanted to go home. Maybe this girl will let it go. Didn't she hate hitting people? She wished that her permission would come from her.

said Amy, turning to the bullies.

“What are you going to do now? Anything more fun?”

Sirone looked at Amy with eyes full of betrayal and fear. But she just smiled and smiled like a mischievous person. said one of her bullies, scratching her head.

“I was thinking of robbing it for a while and then selling it as a male prostitute.”

Sirone's face turned as pale as soup. Seeing the terrified boy's face made Amy feel a little sad. 

However, I have no intention of playing with the back alley trash anyway. I thought I'd scare him a little and send him home.

“A male prostitute shouldn’t have flaws. How about taking off your clothes?”

Amy made a bold suggestion. Aristocrats are on the more mature side than commoners, so at the age of 12, they had to be considered quick in theory.

As much as that, I was curious, so I was thinking about wanting to see it with my own eyes at least once.

'furthermore… … Are you handsome? to be honest.'

The naked body of a rough adult was not acceptable even if they paid money. Fortunately, Sirone was the same age and I liked his appearance. If commoner women liked tall and sturdy men, aristocrats preferred faces like Sirone.

“Take it off. maybe not? If you do your best, maybe I can send you home.”

Sirone was stunned as he received countless stares. I couldn't understand why I had to be treated like this. 

“Hey, the lady told me to take off my clothes! Do you want to get hit again?”

The bully threatened, but Sirone didn't even respond.

Amy was a little uneasy. She is said to have grown up by the age of 12, a nobleman, but she was still a child of a commoner. It could have been that he had lost his mind over the fear beyond his limits.

However, Sirone did not go crazy. Rather, I was more focused than ever. As she panicked, she unwittingly entered the Spirit Zone.

The second Spirit Zone I experienced was different from the first. All sorts of information flooded in. It seemed like I could even hear the hoodlums blinking.

Sirone passed her consciousness along the only path in the spiritual world of supersense. At the destination of the road, the memory of Alpheas casting magic remained.

Sirone's insight gathered superficial information such as emotions, senses, spirits, actions, attitudes, and attitudes at the time Alpheas cast magic.

As soon as the external form was established, a concept came crashing into my head as the inner intention was roughly predicted.

“You bastard! Won't you take your pants down soon? The lady says she misses you!”

Spirit Zone, which requires high concentration, is vulnerable to physical shock. Sirone also almost escaped from the Spirit Zone when a bully grabbed her by the collar and shook her.

Seeing an eerie energy in Sirone's eyes, Amy stretched out her hand and shouted.

"Wait a minute!"

But the situation was already irreversible.

As Sirone's mind, which was barely straddling the boundary between reality and the Spirit Zone, realized the crisis, a certain will instinctively distorted the phenomenon.

Phew!

As the high-density wind surged, everything in the alley came to mind. The bullies, of course, flew to Amy as well.

As if a typhoon had swept through it, there were no crates, no stones, not even a speck of dust left.

“Aaaaaa! Save people!”

Sirone jumped out of the zone at the sound of screams coming from the sky. When he came to his senses, he saw a desolate, empty alleyway.

After a while, people who had risen above the ceiling of the building began to scream and fall.

thud! thud! thud! thud! thud!

A heavy sound that was expected to shock just by hearing it knocked on the ground. Gravity is a much stronger force than common sense, so the limbs of the bullies who fell from their limbs were broken.

“Turn it off.”

“My, my arm. my leg... … !”

His legs were grotesquely bent, and the bones of his forearms were sticking out a span of skin. It was a scene where discarded wooden dolls were left unattended.

Sirone, who had not expected that the emotion of the moment would produce such a disastrous result, was at a loss for words.

At that time, there was the only person who landed on the floor intact, and that was Amy.

Nobles hone their bodies through systematic training from an early age. In particular, if it was the first rank of the nobility, there was no need to say anything. 

Amy, who came down holding her fluttering skirt with her hand, looked at Sirone with an absurd expression.

"you… … What is your true identity?”

The scenery Sirone created clearly showed why magicians are so terrifying. Even she, who boasts her natural athletic ability, couldn't even resist her momentary waterspike.

"Answer me! Where did you learn magic? How can a heavenly... … !”

Amy stopped talking and looked back. Hearing her screams, people were flocking to her. If rumors spread that he hung out with bullies, there would be an uproar in the family.

“Sheesh!”

Amy put one foot on the building. She flew off the wall and pushed off the wall with her feet again before disappearing onto the roof of the building opposite her.

"uh? uh?"

Sirone, who had been following her in a zig-zag pattern, didn't know what to do when she disappeared. If people see this scene, all their sins will be overwritten. The city is a cruel place for the powerless, so no one would be on their side.

Sirone fled into the alley on the other side. He moved his two legs frantically in search of the only dad he could trust and rely on.

* * *

Karmis family.

A strong man in the kingdom who has held the position of the first rank for 200 years.

The head family is here in Creas, but the talents produced by the family are outstanding beyond the kingdom and on the continent.

Amy opened the door looking tired. Her father, Karmis Shakora, who had returned to his family home after retiring from politics, was reading her newspaper.

"I'm home."

“Where are you going? You said you skipped education again?”

Although Shakora was over 60 years old, she was young enough to have no gray hair. Tall, slender body, intelligent face. In her eyes, the pride of being the highest noble of her kingdom was young.

“I learned everything to learn. It's no fun.”

“So, did you come to play with the fools? No matter how genius you are, if you play endlessly, you will catch up. Even raw stones have to be polished to become jewels. If you are not careful, the day will come when you will be stabbed in the back someday.”

“Ooh! His nagging.”

Shakora laughed. Her arrogance is exactly the same as her mother's, but her talent is inherited in her own blood. When she knows what she has, the axis she leans on will automatically return to her place.

Because that is the destiny of genius.

Amy stopped as she entered the room. Her father's nagging reminded her of the day's events that she didn't want to think about.

'What is it, that bastard?'

Judging by the way he dressed and his frightened appearance, it was clear that he was a commoner. The possibility that non-nobility learned magic formally was less than the possibility that an ignorant person could read the theory of the king.

Then, what was the magic cast in the alleyway? 

accidental occurrence? awakening of talent? No matter how much I thought about it, that was the only thing that came to my mind. Dad's words came back to me warmly.

-If you're not careful, the day will come when you'll be hit in the back of the head someday.

Amy bit her lip. It's true that the world is boring, but I had no intention of falling behind others.

"dad."

Shakora put down the newspaper and raised her glasses. It was unexpected that her daughter, whom she thought was an adolescent, spoke to her first.

"okay. Do you have anything to say?”

"that is… … It's not that I want to do anything. I just have a field I'm interested in.”

“Hoo?”

Shakora's eyes lit up in interest. Since she was little, she was a kid who would break a hundred if she taught one, so she would do well no matter what.

“Tell me. Dad will actively support you.”

“No, not that I want to, just really interested.”

"okay. If so, I will actively support your interest.”

Amy smacked her lips. she knew the truth That she had nothing in the world she would not gain if it were the power and wealth of the first class.

It was nothing more than the childishness of an adolescent girl to wish for parents who sometimes endured difficult tasks for their daughters.

"Magic."

"huh? what?"

“If you know someone at the magic school, introduce them.”