[142] Labyrinth space-time (6)

“Now, let’s get out of here! no complaints? Hey, open this iron door!”

The leader slammed the iron door. His pride was crumpled and he could no longer bear the cold stares of his peers.

“Does everyone agree?”

The man asked, but he didn't really need an interpreter. The mercenaries nodded without a word and headed for the door.

Their hearts were miserable. Coming here was a really bad choice. I was trying to get my share of the loop, but I only lost my loyalty and wasted money.

"Guys. let's get out quickly come here."

The attitude of the mercenaries was different from before. There was a big sense of collapse, but it was good to notice that the children's skills were not average.

However, Sirone and the others were staring at the mercenaries without even taking a step.

The wizard quietly became uneasy. Amy calmly said, “How can my foreboding not be wrong?”

“Don’t we want to go out yet?”

The mercenaries' heads turned in unison. All sorts of emotions crossed their eyes, including anger, embarrassment, and fear.

At least the quick-witted wizard swallowed his anger and spoke in a soothing tone.

“Why don't you want to go out? Are you done already? We are too tired to do it anymore.”

“That’s your case. The ideal of coming here is one. I don't know? It would be difficult if we didn’t ask for our opinion and went out on our own.”

The wizard was upset, but for now he had no choice but to please Amy.

"okay. I didn't even pay attention to that. So let's go.”

“I’m sorry, but that can’t be done. We have to go through here and go to Kergo.”

“But there is no other way! ah… … !”

The woman's face turned pale. There was a way.

This is the room of achievement and sacrifice. It was not necessary to prove only achievement.

The man with the white tattoo said quietly.

“To leave or to stay? If you want to prove your skills, go through the labyrinth of time and space. If you want to prove the sacrifice, you can send 4 people as the sacrifice of 4 people.”

"huh? What are you talking about?”

As soon as Lian asked, the archer translated. Of course, it was a completely distorted and transformed language.

“Ah, when you’re done with your business, I mean go quickly.”

Amy said with a smile.

“Oh, is that strange? I've definitely heard this You can send 4 people at the expense of 4 people.”

The archer's eyes were filled with shock.

"you… … Did you know the Aboriginal language?”

“What are you talking about? That's what I heard when I first came. Do you know what fool we are? Can’t you remember a word you heard once?”

The archer opened his mouth blankly. Oh, is that so? It's not? Isn't it rather strange to remember words you've heard for the first time?

"Anyway, it's a sacrifice of four people. one two three four. There are only four of us.”

The blood drained from the mercenaries' faces. That girl really intended to sacrifice someone.

Ryan and Tess also felt the same tension as in the real battle. In particular, Tess stomped her feet when cute Amy suddenly changed.

“Sirone, are you really okay? Heeing, Amy is so scared.”

"are you okay. You do that on purpose.”

“You mean that on purpose? I don't think so.”

“Let it go. Amy will take care of it.”

The mercenaries looked at each other. If you fight, you will lose. Ryan and the warrior are equal, and Tess is stronger than the leader. 

In addition, he was overwhelmed in the wizard's battle, and even the existence of an archer was useless in front of Sirone's photon magic.

“Come on. These are the faces you don't want to sacrifice. In any case, you have to do your best.”

“Why are you doing this? Is it because of our behavior at the bar?”

Amy tilted her head as if to raise her head.

“Hmm?”

The archer realized that he could not alleviate the situation with a clumsy response. He walked to the place where Sirone and the others were, bowed politely and said.

"sorry! We looked down on you and made a mistake. Forgive me just once. Hey, you guys should come and apologize.”

When the archer looked back with his head down, the remaining three reluctantly walked away. However, since it was a life-and-death matter, the attitude of apologizing was polite.

"Sorry! I'm too cheeky. Please forgive."

“I will not do that in the future. I learned a lot from this So can we just make up for the mistakes we made at the bar?”

Amy frowned and said.

“Hmm, I don’t know. What the hell did you do to us? Hey, bar? Were you at that bar? weird. Why didn't I see it?”

The mercenaries' faces turned red. I felt like I was thrown to the ground and trampled on because I couldn't hold back my pride.

This time, even Sirone couldn't help but shudder at Amy's persistence.

'If you make Amy angry, you will end up like that.'

When being ridiculed in a bar, Amy and Tess were the ones who were attacked the most.

The time when I was subjected to all sorts of insults and shame just because I was a woman. She wasn't the Amy I'd forget, even decades later, until she got her revenge.

However, in a sense, it could be said to be the standard of a magician obsessed with efficiency.

Even if it wasn't necessary to do that, the wizard was annoyed at the fact that he couldn't use 100% of the advantage given to him.

That is why it is often said that wizards are eccentric. In fact, there are many mages who lack humanity.

However, because there was such a tenacious pursuit of efficiency, magic had developed so far and could continue to develop in the future.

'What are you going to do with us? Shit.'

The mercenaries didn't know what to do and just kept their heads down. The sound of teeth grinding seemed to be heard from here.

Only then did Amy get to the point.

“I have a suggestion. If you accept that, I might go out with you.”

"which… … ?”

“I said you need to know the password to get in here, right? What is the password?”

The archer realized. Those kids were thinking of trying again. After going through numerous investigations and verifying sufficient possibilities, he intends to come back here.

“Keltia, Lo Hoima. Akrasia, Widmia Benzene. This is the password.”

"What do you mean?"

“Knock on my door. Then it will open.”

Amy turned to the white tattooed man. And he pronounced the ancient language the archer had taught him without making a mistake.

“Keltia, Lo Hoima. Akrasia, Widmia Benzen?”

The natives guarding the exit noticed Amy's intentions and nodded.

The archer was in a bad mood. No, in what sense should I say that I admired it? I was astounded by her sophistication.

"shit! Trust some people! Would I lie in this situation?”

“Who said what? There's nothing wrong with being sure. I got it anyway. thank you."

Amy approached her friends with a happy face as if she had never done that. Like her chameleon, Tess stuck her tongue out as her emotions changed color.

“Were you trying to figure out the password? Do you know how nervous I was when I thought we were fighting for real?”

“Huh, if you’re going to come back anyway, it’s good to know. Anyway, let's go out."

When Sirone's party and the mercenary gang all expressed their intention to leave, the man with the white tattoo pulled the device next to the iron door.

The entrance shook violently, leading the way out.

Just like when they came in, the mercenary gang went up the stairs first.

But the atmosphere itself was different from that time. Everyone hung their heads like defeated soldiers, and no one spoke.

Sirone and the others were also speechless.

I couldn't get into the autonomous district, but that was a matter of planning a strategy from now on.

Rather, the thought of the space-time of the maze that I experienced today made my head complicated.

'Construction of the labyrinth. Alternately, why did Miro make the device? And why did they set up these cruel rules? What's in Kergo? What is the connection between Kergo and Maze in the first place? I would like to know. Maybe the maze... … .'

While Sirone analyzed the maze, Amy, who followed her, was also immersed in her own thoughts.

'There's not just one way to investigate ruins. Let's devise every possible strategy. Sirone seems to have his own ideas, but he can't rule out a way to explore the underground with the Spirit Zone. Even if you pass, there is a problem with interpretation. When I go outside, I will find someone who can interpret. You can find it among the locals.'

Tess was equally impressed by this place. In particular, being able to quantify and confirm one's armed forces was a significant achievement.

'The impact of a sharp sword can be counted more than that of a blunt weapon. But in the end, I couldn't reach magic. Can the prosecutor get through that door? If possible, to what extent? Sirone's magic is close to 5,000, so I'm guessing it's ten times my blow. Would it be possible for a dad to roughly double the acceptance criteria? Ugh, if you only knew the cut-off, you could set a goal. Since Sirone said he'd come back, I'll have to go and investigate further.'

Lian, who followed last, was also speechless. Wrinkles were forming between her brows, as if she was struggling quite a bit.

'What do you want to go out to eat?'

After walking for about 30 minutes, Sirone and the others arrived at the altar on the ground.

When they knocked on the door from inside, the native opened the door, but the party had no choice but to be nervous due to the inertia learned underground.

When I came out, the fresh air washed my lungs. Even though it was only a few hours' journey, the sun in the sky didn't seem to belong to today.

Sirone's party and the mercenary group split in opposite directions. But it didn't disappear from sight. Sirone and the others wanted to savor the afterglow, and the mercenary group was on the verge of collapse.

Sirone organized her daily routine.

“Now what? It was more successful than expected, so shall we finish today's ruins exploration with this?”

Amy was also in favor.

"OK. I've been working hard for a while and I'm tired. You have to go in early and take measures.”

Ryan said as if he had discovered something amazing.

“Before that, how about hitting a bowl of noodles? It was delicious there earlier.”

Tess' gaze stabbed Lian.

“Do you eat and eat noodles? At least you should get me some buckwheat noodles. That's why it's so simple.”

“What is it? What a thoughtful decision I made!”

“Then what do you do? When Bing comes back, it’s the same place.”

As Rian and Tess were fighting with menus, mercenaries approached. Sirone and the others stopped talking and looked back at them.

There are warriors, wizards, and archers, but the leader has disappeared somewhere and has not been seen.

The mercenaries did not speak readily and exchanged notices. In the end, the wizard was selected as the right person and came forward as if pushed.

But it took a while for her to say something about how awkward this situation was.

"excuse me… … Would you like to join our mercenary corps?”

“Are you a mercenary?”

"huh. If you know it, there are many good things about being a mercenary. You can earn a lot of money as well as fame. Especially with your skills, you will rise as a star right away. As you can see, the leader withdrew a while ago... … Oh, of course, it's okay for you to be the new leader. If you give an order, we'll follow it unconditionally, and if others come in, we'll treat them really well. how is it?"

Sirone stared at the magician's bright eyes. And he said it straight away, as if he hadn't even thought about it.

"no, I do not want."

After saying that, he turned around and left, and his friends followed Sirone without any regrets.

“Let’s just eat noodles. Was it honestly delicious?”

"no. You're just doing it because you want to fill your stomach first. If you endure a little bit, you can eat something much tastier.”

The mercenaries stared blankly at Sirone and the others.

The wizard's face turned into a tear-stain, and a worried sigh leaked out.

“Ahh, my blessed life.”

(end of volume 6)

---------------------------------------