[80] Dark Uninvited Guest (4)

"damn! Are you late?”

Sade, who had been riding a carriage all night, used space travel as soon as she entered Creas and arrived at the front door. As expected, the guards just stood there, not showing any reaction.

It was dark magic. 

It is also of a very high level.

'I have to find Master first.'

Sad turned to the teachers' quarters. But before he had even taken ten steps, he heard a roar from the sky that was characteristic of space travel.

At the same time that Sade, alerted, entered the Spirit Zone, Etela came down in the light. 

“Teacher Ethella! How are things?”

When Saad, who had just returned from a business trip, asked a question as if he knew what had happened at the school, Ethella was puzzled. However, he was fighting for time, so he went straight to the point.

“I think I was struck by dark magic. All the students and teachers lost their memories.”

I expected it, but when it came to reality, THAAD was staggering. No matter how crazy he is, he raided Alpheas Magic School, one of the five most prestigious schools in the kingdom.

"There is no time. Please tell me the situation first.”

“When I searched through the Spirit Zone, all the students were climbing the mountain. Looking at the direction, it seems to be the bridge you can't cross. There are 3 leaders and 3 people tailing them. Among teachers... … I guess I was the only one who barely got out.”

Arcane's dark magic has risen to the ranks of the archmage, but since Etella is also the bishop of the Karsis Monastery, she would not have been able to control her mind. She explained what Sade knew, thinking that she was lucky.

“I will tell you quickly. The person who did this was Viltor Arcane. This is the great wizard who disturbed the world 40 years ago.”

“I have heard of it. Why would such a person go to magic school... … ?”

Sade bit her lip. He was in the bad personal history of his mentor, Alfeas. However, the only person she could rely on now was Etella, and if she was her own person, she would accept her without prejudice.

"Viltor Arcane is the principal's teacher."

Ethella blinked. However, as THAAD expected, he did not imagine more than what he had heard.

"okay. But I don't think there are any Arcanes among those taking the students. I don’t know what’s going on, but it’s better to save the students first.”

"It's not possible. As Miss Etella must have felt, it's not easy to get rid of mental magic. If you try to save her students one by one, you'll end up backfired.”

“You can’t just leave it alone.”

“They said there were three people tailing them. Can you guess who it is?”

“I couldn’t be sure, but… … Maybe it could be Sirone.”

“Is it Shiro?”

The moment I heard Etella's words, I immediately thought of Sade. The point at which Arcane's magic was cast would be around 24 hours. The only students who could be out of school at that time were Sirone and the others who were suspended.

“I’m not sure because I haven’t checked the appearance. But in terms of temperament, they were like Sirone, Nade, and Iruki.”

“Perhaps it is. Those kids will be fine for a while. They're smart kids, so they'll know what to do. Rather, leave it to the children and Mr. Etella, please find Arcane.”

“What are you going to do, Mr. Sade?”

“I will find the principal. The priority is to find Master and remove the dark magic.”

Ethella nodded in agreement.

"all right. Then I will find Arcane.”

Sade looked back at the ridge. The land of the magic school was so large that I had no idea where Arcane was.

“Hundreds of people were hit simultaneously. A magic of this magnitude would have exhausted his mental power considerably. It's most likely hiding in an uninhabited place. It will be quicker to search around the mountain. What is the radius of the spirit zone when expanded in zoner mode?”

“Well, about two kilometers in diameter.”

THAAD, who calculated the estimate, nodded.

“At least five points and you'll be fine. Please patrol based on the training ground. I will go to school.”

"yes. I will capture Arcane and save the students.”

“Don't push yourself too hard. Arcane is... … .”

Sade swallowed. Even if she says her opponent is strong, she will only burn her sense of duty. Who else would you trust if you didn't trust Jonah, the Bishop of the Order of Carsis and recognized by the state?

"no. please."

Sade, feeling the responsibility as a disciple of Alpheas, bowed his head in place of his master. Then Ethella shook her head with a shy smile.

“I don’t know what it is, but I am also a teacher at this school. I will do my best for my students.”

"yes. then… … .”

From now on, it was a race against time. 

As Sade cast teleportation and flew toward the school, Etela also took a deep breath and concentrated.

As the sequence of events went up at super high speed, the spirit zone expanded. As Jonner's unique expansion unfolded, everything within a two-kilometer radius was felt through synesthesia.

'First, to the 26th training ground.'

Etela's body turned into light and flew to the top of the mountain. She was the one who covered one kilometer in one space shift.& nbsp;

Wizard's Battle (1)

Canis and the others gathered the people whose memories were blocked at the starting point of the bridge they couldn't cross.

After completing the mission, Arin's face was pale. Even if she was affected by Abyss Nova, moving hundreds of humans to mind control was a tremendous amount of hard work.

Nade, who was watching Canis and the others in the bush, said.

“Why are you here? It's just a bridge and a cliff.”

"I don't know. Aren't you waiting for someone?"

Iruki said, pointing his fingers one by one.

“Cliffs, mind control, scoundrels. If you look at these three factors alone, the answer is obvious. I'm thinking of dropping you off a cliff.”

“What? Why are you doing such crazy things?”

“Logically, it makes no sense. There's nothing to be gained by dropping the student. But what about emotional issues? Something like resentment or revenge.”

Sirone thought it made sense. Also, if he really did, he wasn't good at waiting like this.

“We have to step in before that happens. Maybe we should fight.”

Nothing happened for 10 minutes. The students and teachers stood at a distance in a state of mind control, while Canis and Arin looked out over the cliff and waited for their master.

“Are you really okay, Canis? You searched all over the school, but you couldn't bring Alfeas, right?”

“I can't help it. Master also told you to be especially careful when you meet Alfeas. We just have to do what we can.”

"still… … I think I'm going to get scolded somehow."

Kanis looked back at Arin with a displeased face.

"scale. Master is a good person. Don't worry, I'll never scold you for something like this.”

Lucas, who had been listening to the conversation between the two, began to get annoyed. He did not know that he would commit terrorism against the entire magic school, although he came as he was told to give a large sum of money.

Considering the difficulty of the mission, the advance payment was small. Besides, Arcane had not yet appeared even though it was well past the appointed time.

"hey. When the hell is your master coming? Could it be that he ran away?"

It was an incident that raided the five most prestigious families in the kingdom. Considering that most of the students were first-class nobles, even if this incident ended safely, the aftermath would be enormous. Even the archmage couldn't rule out the possibility that he might have run away in fear.

“Don't judge Master carelessly. Because you're not the kind of person to talk about it."

"ha. I'm so dumbfounded."

Lucas scratched his head angrily. Then he suddenly raised his head and glared at Kanis with a viper's eyes that he had never seen before.

“Do you think I look so easygoing?”

Arin, who has excellent emotional sensitivity, hurriedly retreated as the hostility beyond the normal level surged. On the other hand, Kanis had a calm expression. If it was this look, he had suffered countless times in Radum.

'Is it the evil eye?'

It paralyzes the central nervous system by hitting the diencephalon with the gaze, and it was one of the schema skills that are expressed through actual combat experience and natural inclination rather than training. Even just by looking at his use of the subject, he could guess what kind of life Lucas lived.

"It's over when you look at me as a child. You'd better be careful with your words from now on. He said something about the contract, but isn’t it on your side that the work is delayed?”

Canis couldn't even refute this time. Why is Master not coming? It was obviously strange that he, who had been waiting for this day more than anyone else, would be late.

As Canis remained silent and reaped his fighting spirit, Lucas also solved the case. Anyway, it was still one team, and more than anything else, there was still work to be paid.

'I wasn't following you from the beginning.'

Lucas looked back at those affected by Abyss Nova. Their metabolism is normal, so there is not much time left for them to stand still. It will be more complicated to deal with when people with low stamina start to collapse. 

“Hey, why don’t you just kill it now? Even if you faint, it'll be difficult. You can’t even throw them away.”

Lucas was hired as a professional swordsman. A mage was good for reaping the lives of many, but nothing was better than a swordsman for decapitating the survivors one by one. In the end, when his stamina was depleted, it all belonged to Lucas, so he was thinking of reducing the number in advance.

“Not until Master comes. The core of the operation is to annihilate them in front of Alpheas.”

“Sheesh, then let’s have some fun. After a while, everything will fall off the cliff anyway.”

Canis glared at him as if he was disgusted, but there was no reason to stop him in the current situation. A native of Radum, he knows how dangerous a man like Lucas can be. In the end, Lucas will have to do what he wants. He shuddered at it.

“A piece of trash.”

Lucas' steps stopped abruptly. He should have killed Kanis in the first matter. Because the human brain adapts to shock, repeating the subject to the same subject was less effective.

“Keuk, do you know why I hate you? You pretend to have some great beliefs. You and I are just criminals. After today, you too will become a murderer who exterminated hundreds of people.”

“I don’t keep my beliefs because I want to be great. I just hate people like you.”

"haha? okay? You know what's really disgusting? They're weak and talkative. What if you are disgusted?”

Lucas turned around and grabbed Shiina by the neck. Her face contorted, she lifted her body with one hand and took her stride to the precipice of the impassable bridge.

“Once you kill one person, you will know. That you are trash just like me.”

Lucas held out his arms, and Shiina's legs swayed off the cliff. A groaning noise erupted from his mouth.

“This woman is fine too. It's a shame to kill her, but... … .”

Lucas relaxed his hands and dropped Shiina. At the same time, sparks flew in his eyes. Feels like fluff. It was a unique stimulation of the Spirit Zone that only schema users could feel.

'Where is it?'

A sensitive nervous system picked up the focus of the Spirit Zone. As he soared into the air, there was a pop and explosion where his right knee had been. Had he been hit squarely, his bones would have been broken.

As soon as he landed, Lucas did a somersault and stepped back. Even if you couldn't guess the radius of the spirit zone, keeping the distance as much as possible was the standard before the Archmage.

---------------------------------------