[554] Power of the day (3)

* * *

D-36 days.

From the day after the sequence exceeded 1 trillion, Sirone's skills grew rapidly enough to be called rapid acceleration.

With my eyes wide open, the number developed from 1 began to enter in trillions while accelerating endlessly.

'Two trillion!'

I was counting, but I no longer felt like I was reading.

It was a state where numbers flowed endlessly in his thoughts, just like blood flowing through his veins.

'Three trillion!'

Through a huge realization that took the first step to a new level, Sirone's number ran without knowing the end.

'Four trillion!'

Miro, who was watching the training with emotions as much as the growing number, had a moment of doubt in his eyes.

'huh? what?'

Sirone's incarnation is in the form of an angel with wings of light.

Also, as the sequence progressed, the traces of light disappeared and the outline became clearer.

However, beyond 4,000 trillion, the outline was rather distorted, and even the shape was partially collapsing.

'Is the change from now on?'

When one reaches the realm of oneness, the spirit of prajna can even affect the laws of things.

However, it was impossible to even guess what kind of personality was contained in Sirone's incarnation just by the collapse of the form.

“Huh!”

Sirone let out a rough breath, shuddered with a shocked expression, and fell to her knees with a thump.

Miro asked, coming a little closer.

“How many?”

“It ended at 5 trillion.”

half with no penalty.

'It's a psychological break.'

By embodying a certain technique of a sequence formula that can be learned in a trillion units, he covered more than 4,000 trillion in an instant, but the idea of ​​half of the goal created a new limit.

“I’ve said it before, but you shouldn’t be obsessed with it. Only thinking flexible like water can break the limit.”

"yes."

Of course, if it was easier said than done, there would be no failure in the world.

“I will try again.”

Miro was satisfied with the fact that at some point, Sirone stopped screaming in pain.

'The desire for success is beyond the fear of failure.'

Failure, failure, failure repeated endlessly.

But if you don't give up, it's not a failure, it's absorbed into the many experiences you need to reach success.

'You're doing well, Sirone. A person who has never fallen cannot walk.'

I don't train to get sweet titles like 'genius' wizards or 'monstrous powerful' wizards.

'Fail so many times. It's nothing to be ashamed of. Rather proud.'

A 'trained' wizard who can cope with any variable.

'That's your only pride and the best decoration a pro can have.'

The bridge of Shirone's nose twitched while staring at the world of numbers.

'I'm going to be a wizard! It will definitely happen!'

D-34 days.

Dorothy's room was hot with the heat of rage and foul with the smell of pleasure.

On the bed, Dorothy was hunched over, buried under the covers, and a confused sound of ecstasy or crying leaked through the cotton barrier.

"iced coffee! ah!"

Hickory, a scrap doll, was strewn about beside the bed, completely smashed.

"evil! Aww!”

I thought I was almost done, but at the last minute all sorts of errors popped up.

'Why now! Why are they bursting all at once!'

Anger reached its peak, and his heart was twisted.

“Aagh! Aww!”

Just when the blanket in the form of a slug was shaking violently, the door burst open and my sister came in.

"hey! What are you talking about a moment ago? What else did you break!”

The movement of the blanket stopped, and the younger sister, who was still looking around the room, frowned as if she knew this would happen.

“Anyway, Psycho! During vacation, what are you doing without peeping noses? Do you know how worried your mother is?”

The continued nagging made Dorothy straighten up from her crouch and sit down on her knees.

“… … get out."

Her face, wrapped in the blanket, was covered with cold sweat.

“Before I tell you to leave, be quiet! You don't even have to think about the person living next door! In bed all day... … !”

“Get out!”

The younger sister's shoulders twitched at the high-pitched cry.

She's usually an unsophisticated sister, but this hysteria was no joke.

"mi… … friend… … .”

When her sister left the room as if running away and closed the door, Dorothy wrapped herself in the blanket again and curled up.

"evil! Aagh!”

A groan of screams jumped out of the futon.

D-23 days.

Iruki's eyes had already been twitching for 20 minutes.

As the vast amount of data flowed backwards into his head, which was calculating nuclear fusion, the blood vessels in his eyes began to burst.

Iruki's mouth was smiling even as he shed bloody tears.

'can do. Because I can.'

If you can't succeed, just knock until you succeed.

Data began to slam into the iron barrier blocking the perfect formula at a tremendous speed.

'It will open eventually.'

Even if you can't open it, it doesn't matter.

This is because the already successful self behind the iron gate will open the door and come out to meet you.

D-21 days.

'why? Why can't I move on from here?'

Amy's face contorted with anger as she rotated the spirit zone in sniper mode.

For several days, the accuracy of sniping had not increased from 90%.

Amy, who checked her condition backed up in Hongan, found a congestion section in the psychological data.

'That's stupid. I'm satisfied.'

We do not reach perfection because we subconsciously feel that perfection is unnatural.

'Thoughts are rigid! I have to destroy myself!'

As I rotated the Spirit Zone, the two-kilometer-long Sniper Zone spun at an incredible speed.

Every time I fired a fire strike at the target, the air whimpered.

It takes only 1.3 seconds for the flames that accelerate along the air tunnel to reach the target.

'It's meaningless if it's not 100 percent!'

Dozens of targets exploded simultaneously.

D-19 days.

“Okay, Screamer! Smash it and throw it away!”

"OMG! OMG! Aww!”

The screamer screamed in pain, but the body showed no signs of stopping.

You have reached Runner's High.

Pyroker, who had been staring blankly at his son who was frantically hitting, muttered in a subdued voice.

“Yes, Screamer. That's right… … .”

"yes? I beg your pardon!"

The screamer, who didn't hear, was annoyed, but Pyroker was just proud of his son.

'It's finally over.'

There is a limit to becoming strong because you want to beat someone, because you want to trample on the loser and feel superior.

'No, I can't become strong.'

This is because such low pleasures are so easily frustrated in the face of the enormous pain they must endure.

'Screamer, do you know why so many people are risking their lives to compete?'

Because I don't want to lose.

You endure any pain because you can't admit that you haven't done something.

'Become a Wizard, Screamer! Become a champion! Because that will be the greatest happiness in your life!'

"dad! what are you doing!"

Pyroker suddenly came to his senses and stole tears.

It will be painful enough to die, so you won't be able to survive without fighting.

“Okay, Screamer! Finally fell in love with Grogi! The champ is totally gone! Clap! Put an end to it!”

“Aaaaaaa!”

D-14 days.

The psychological break that reached half of the first scene did not disappear easily.

The sequence still remained at the limit of 5,000 trillion, and several days passed in that state.

'are you okay. Because I'm doing my best.'

Sirone did not fret.

If you can't do it, you can't do it, and that must have been an accident that faced the reality coolly.

"haha!"

Sirone, who was taking a break sitting on a rock by the stream, suddenly burst into laughter.

Come to think of it, most of the leaves on the 32nd branch of the opposite tree were down, but one leaf was up.

'It's really funny.'

Being able to laugh at the direction of a leaf that no one would even pay attention to was proof that his thinking had become flexible.

'The spider built a big house. That's good.'

During the training period, the spider's web, which must have been broken by rain and wind five times, was caught between the branches.

'It's really obsessive. That's right, it was very windy last night too.'

I felt happiness as the spider walked around the house stretching its slender legs.

'You got through it.'

At that moment, his body trembled and he cried out.

"what? uh?"

Tears poured down from the overwhelming emotion that I couldn't control.

'Ah, that's right.'

Nothing insignificant.

'Good. That's good, spider.'

Even if it's just a small creature, even if it's a hateful spider that others don't even look at, if you look inside it, there's a story as big as your own story.

'There is a Tao everywhere.'

As Sirone's spirit zone opened, the incarnation of an angel slowly bloomed.

As Elysion was activated, the boundary between me and the world disappeared, and the sequence began to run at a tremendous speed, forgetting even the maze's instructions.

3 trillion, 4 trillion, 5 trillion.

As the realm that had been thought to be the limit so far collapsed, the number finally piled up to a higher level.

'Six trillion! Seven trillion!'

As the incarnation of the angel collapsed further, Miro, who was watching from afar, smiled.

'Everything in the world converges in life.'

No level, no transcendence can exceed living.

'I want to be a wizard. It is also a huge life that cannot be compared to others.'

Miro observed the transformation of the incarnation, thinking that maybe it could be reached in time.

'what?'

Miro's smiling expression suddenly hardened.

When the sequence of the 7th quadrillion races entered the 8th quadrillion, the form of the incarnation completely collapsed, and the particles of light began to circle in numerous vortexes.

The splendor that dazzled the eyes was a masterpiece, but it was a sight that could not be called beautiful.

It was a bizarre haze that, to be honest, made me feel like it was brutal.

'No, it's not like that. Even standing in front of the sun would be the same.'

It is a human standard to feel vicious.

I didn't know what kind of personality the incarnation had, but I felt afraid because it was a phenomenon that transcended all human experiences.

'What kind of singularity is it?'

The landscape was refracted as if time and space were distorted, and numerous afterimages were overlapping.

'Changes are becoming evident.'

As long as he realized with his body that there is a Tao everywhere, it was safe to say that there was only a short distance left to reach the state of unity.

'I think I need to do a little more.'

I was cheering for the ceremony as much as I was curious about Sirone's incarnation, but suddenly the haze of light disappeared like a lie.

“Heo-eok! Huh!”

After escaping from the trance, Sirone exhaled a heavy breath, then quickly turned around when she felt the presence of the maze.

“Did you just see it? I broke through! It went up to 9 trillion!”

“Nine trillion… … . The heart of perfection.”

Contrary to what he expected to be praised, when Miro bit his lip, Sirone realized that he had disobeyed the order.

“Oh, sorry. Unbeknownst to me, the sequence ceremony... … .”

“No, good job. Even if it penetrated 5,000 trillion, it seemed like it would be blocked one more time. Let’s do our best for the rest of the period to make it successful.”

"yes!"

Gaining confidence, Sirone walked to the training center with courage.

On the other hand, Miro still couldn't leave his seat and looked back at the rock where Sirone was sitting.

It was even more disappointing because we had almost reached it, but wishing for more than this was greedy.

'I'll be able to check soon. But what kind of incarnation is it?'

The change in the law revealed at the time of approaching the singularity was a strange phenomenon that even Miro, the strongest banya, could not analyze.

---------------------------------------