[631] What Really Matters (1)

Fire mist heated the air and fire strikes rained down on the fish.

'I can't cast insect magic anyway!'

Since it was a fisho that handles creatures, it was the same that its skills were limited in places where toxic gas spread.

'One thing bothers me... … .'

It was an ugly form of insect that was attached instead of Fisho's right arm.

'Is it a parasite?'

If you put a poisonous insect on your face and detoxify the gas, the insect connected to your body will also be able to survive.

“It’s no use, Amy.”

Although he was hit by several fire strikes, Fisho did not waver.

'It's an ability I've never seen before.'

If it was a living organism parasitic on the body, there was no problem with the determination of incarnation.

'Then I'll cut you off!'

Key eh eh!

As Fisho's arms stretched out, Argones popped out with his jaw wide open.

“About this much!”

It was an easy dodge for the schema user, and Amy approached Fisho and slammed his arm into the capital.

It had the power to break bones, but surprisingly, there were no bones.

'What the hell?'

The moment he felt a soft sensation, Fishaw grabbed Amy with the other hand.

'You're going to try boxing?'

Amy twisted her legs to increase rotational power, and when she lifted Fishaw's abdomen, there was a pop and a fist pierced his stomach.

Goosebumps at the grotesque sensation took a while for Amy to make a cold-hearted decision.

'I have to burst my heart!'

The hand that penetrated his stomach grabbed Fishaw's heart, but all he felt was a soft sensation again.

“I am no longer human.”

The moment he heard Fisho's grave voice, Argones bit Amy on the back.

“Huh!”

“Do not be afraid. Because you passed the test.”

The fist in her stomach slid out, and the expression on Amy's face disappeared.

“As my faithful servant.”

Alien creature Argones.

This creature, which was first reported to the academic world 230 years ago, is estimated to have flown from outside the solar system on a meteorite, and boasts a strong enough activity to maintain life force while breaking through the atmosphere.

It kneads the cells of the host and changes the body into a completely different biological material, but since the appearance remains the same, the academic world predicts that there will be a significant number of humans infected with Argones.

"you… … you… … .”

Amy desperately moved her frozen tongue.

“How wonderful. Remaining conscious even in an infected state.”

Argones parasitic on the body of the host infiltrates the pilot insert into other organisms and takes control of the central nervous system.

'no. I lost control.'

I kept trying to back up my self-image memories, but my body couldn't move as I wanted.

“Don’t struggle. Because only you suffer.”

Like a child blindly trusting its mother, her body reacted to Fishaw's instructions.

“In my body… … what are you doing... … I did.”

When Fisho raised his right arm, the dough-like form gradually returned to that of a human.

“Even lifespan is, after all, nothing more than a function created during the evolution of cells. Argones, which has no life expectancy itself, assimilates into the body of the host and maintains vital activity forever.”

It was a kind of eternal life.

"But it's only theoretical."

Fishaw lowered his arm helplessly.

“The human body, in which cell division has stopped, continues to accumulate errors, and one day I too will become a vegetative person covered with cancer cells.”

That was the fate of humans who accepted Argones.

"do not worry. You're not going to be a monster like me. When the test is over, I'll extract it for you.”

“Only… … on the test... … to pass... … .”

“I just donated my body for the advancement of biology. When the graduation exams are over, you will be put in a quarantine facility.”

One day, cancer cells will spread to the brain and burn it, but Fisho's intellectual curiosity was strong enough to surpass it.

“Let’s go, Amy.”

Driven by a genetic urge to obey, Amy slowly turned and followed Pishaw.

* * *

“To Sirone… … .”

Sirone knelt down in front of Maya, who was crying with tears running down her nose, and touched her forehead.

"It's too hard… … . I want to stop... … .”

People in the world revere wizards, but Maya, who lived with them, was sick of hearing the word magic.

“Everyone is crazy. I think I'll go crazy if I stay any longer.”

Even Sirone knew that it was a world that could not be endured with an ordinary mind.

“It’s not long. little bit more… … .”

“I can’t. My tribe, my siblings, I can't think of anything anymore.”

Maya closed her eyes and sobbed.

"I'm just… … a little more of you... … I want to love you... … .”

Maya will not be able to hold out.

"finally… … sing… … to call... … try hard… … .”

Looking at Maya who was twitching her limbs, Sirone made a decision.

“Let’s go, Maya.”

It wasn't a bad situation for Sirone either, as the combination of Luman's anthill and Fjord's toxic gas would weaken the spirits of her rivals.

'I can't love you... … .'

As I refocused my mental powers, which had been recovered for a while, the incarnation of a light angel rose up and aimed a spear at the outside.

'Elysion!'

Jikji's senses broke through the anti-magic and captured Luman's location outside the anthill.

“I can give you one more chance.”

Incarnation - Angelic Punishment.

Luman's eyes widened as he escaped the anthill as the window of light penetrated the inside wall.

"what!"

By the time he uttered the sound, the flash had already passed through his torso.

“Gagging!”

- Entry No. 16. 2,000 broke away from the system.

When Luman lost consciousness, the anthill disappeared as if it were collapsing, and the confined participants quickly looked around.

'Sheesh, you hit Luman. I just had to hold on a little longer.'

If I dragged on for another 10 minutes, there would have been a dropout, and I could have easily graduated.

'Maya! What about Maya?'

Cayden only thought of Maya, and when he found her in Sirone's arms, he looked incomprehensible.

"why… … ?”

On the other hand, Iruki quickly grasped the situation.

“That’s how it happened.”

Eliminating Luman to save Maya.

'A clear emotional judgment. If that's also the privilege of the strong, it's not an issue... … .'

It was true that I was regretful because I wanted to graduate together.

'Are you really going to be okay? It's definitely a handshake this time.'

Sirone put Maya down slowly.

“This is all I can do.”

“Sirone… … .”

I couldn't analyze it accurately like Iruki, but I could tell by feeling that Shirone had sacrificed something.

“Hold on a little longer. So that you don't regret it later.”

That alone made Maya feel like she had everything.

“Whoa, I’m tired.”

Sirone, who bent her neck and moved toward the participants, slowly raised her hand and gestured for them to attack.

At the same time, Cayden raised his cross sword and charged.

'I couldn't protect Maya!'

The moment Sirone opened his eyes and tried to take the attack, Cayden ran right past him to Maya.

“Taha!”

As he blocked Maya's way, he twisted and raised the sword, and Richard's metal arm bounced off with a clatter.

“Sheesh!”

It was common sense to aim for Maya in a situation where graduation was guaranteed if only four students were eliminated, and Richard did not like Kayden's judgment that broke that common sense.

"Don't you care about the test? You are crazy too.”

“Wouldn’t that be what you were saying?”

I didn't want to hear that I was crazy for a human who had 35 percent of my body modified.

'If only May could be happy... … !'

It's been a long time since I've already transcended jealousy.

'I can be unhappy as much as I want!'

Demon Sword - Mega Tornado.

Richard, who was blown into the air by the strong wind, quickly regained his balance and captured Maya with his mechanical eyes.

'Remove Maya first!'

As the magic crystal of flame was installed, it spewed fire, and Kayden swung his crosssword towards the pouring flames.

"Yaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!"

As the cold air raged and extinguished the flames, Richard's right arm rotated 45 degrees and applied another attribute.

'That's right!'

Meanwhile, other participants were intensively attacking Sirone.

‘The reaction has definitely slowed down! We win!'

Through the eyes of the scouts, his exhausted appearance, unable to even unfold the Force Dimension, was being analyzed.

“After defeating Luman, my Spirit level dropped to 4%. Will it end here?”

Baikal was also a pity.

“The price for emotional judgment. That's why wizards have to be cool.”

Amy, who had abandoned her long-term sniper technique, was pouring physical attacks with her red eyes blinking nonstop.

'Am I being manipulated by something?'

At that time, when the fact that the backup speed of the self-image memory was not normal increased the feeling, Amy spat out the words.

“Stupid Sirone.”

"what?"

Losing control of my body, I couldn't even stop my thoughts from popping out into my voice.

“You mean Maya is more important than the graduation exam?”

"that… … !”

Shirone, frightened by the blunt words, stepped back one after another, and Iruki clicked his tongue and flew in.

“It’s self-employed. Why do you sympathize?”

A series of atomic bomb blasts attacked Sirone, and Sabina blasted wind cutters into the blast.

“Big!”

In a situation where it was burdensome to even maintain the fire, the level of mental strength continued to drop.

“Waaaaaaa!”

When Sirone, who had dominated the competition so far, was in danger of being eliminated, the cheers of the audience were heard louder than usual.

“Very sadistic… … .”

Baikal said.

“It’s pornography.”

Elizabeth couldn't deny it.

“Talented people who have dedicated their lives to one path are frustrated when they encounter limitations. Is there anything more fun to see than this?”

As a scout, I watched numerous competitions.

“Talent, hard work, or wealth. If you make a small concession in anything, the entire human race can be happy right now. But that has never happened in history. That’s why I think it’s not that I won’t do it, it’s that I can’t do it.”

“On the other hand, it is also true that such fighting spirit has developed mankind.”

“Of course it is. What I want to say is... … .”

What I really want to know.

“If everyone is happy, why do we need progress?”

What are we fighting for?

“Of course, I also came to this position through competition. That's why judgment number 27 is the worst. It's just that sometimes, you don't know what's really important.”

'This is not it!'

Amy, who burned her red eyes, escaped from the parasite's mental control and fired fire strikes in all directions.

'Was there a place I couldn't reach?'

I felt a deeper realm in Amy's psyche that was beyond the reach of domination.

'How dare you shame me?'

Elizabeth shouted as Amy, who entered the sword, heated up the cells with the battery of fire.

“My body temperature is over 42 degrees! It is dangerous in this state!”

'Looks like you're trying to extract the pilot insert.'

Since it was already settled in the human environment, it would not be able to withstand and escape if the heat was rapidly raised.

'But you can die. Do you really want that?'

'Come out! Get out of my body!'

Even in the middle of a daze, the self-image memory found the pilot Insect that dominated the center, and concentrated heat there.

Seriel jumped up and shouted.

“Amy! then no!"

Human heat is hot enough to kill germs, but if it is enough to expel parasites, there is a high probability of death.

'Even if you defeat Sirone... … .'

The crimson eyes emitted red light as if they were about to explode.

"I'll hit it with my will!"

The nape of Amy's neck bulged and popped open with a worm popping out.

---------------------------------------