[168] Dangerous Transactions (5)

"ah… … .”

Hearing Sirone's words, Amy noticed too. Why couldn't I have thought of it? Harvest was a magical creature that inherited all of Arcane's memories.

Archmage Viltor Arcane, who commanded the world.

He might have known a secret about the Kergo ruins that others didn't know.

Sirone and Amy looked at Canis with confidence in their eyes. However, Kanis's attitude was still halfway.

“Hmm, I guess I’m half right and half wrong.”

“Half and half? What does that mean?”

Canis was speechless. It was still premature. This is because the secret of the Kergo ruins is a much more serious problem than Sirone thinks.

Amy raised her face and said.

“Are you going to keep coming out like this? If you have something to say anyway, tell me now.”

“I don't understand. Why should I? Surely you’re not trying to pay for the meal, are you?”

“Of course that is included. But for other reasons, you will have no choice but to confide. because you need us Otherwise, there would be no need to even try to negotiate like this, right?”

Canis closed her mouth and let out a long breath. Of course, he expected this to happen. However, timing was important.

"good. To be honest, I want something from you too. In that respect, we should see that we have what each other needs.”

“What do you want from us? Are you talking about the pass?”

“Anything like that can be worked out. If you use mental magic, you can just hand over the paper. Because Arin's telepathic ability can even control the realm of language.”

“Ah, there was such a way.”

Sirone realized why the two were able to enter the altar without even an interpreter.

“Nevertheless, the reason we didn’t choose that route is because one person must pass the test gate. But, as you know, we have failed and that's why we're asking for your help. In that sense, I want to negotiate with you.”

Amy analyzed Kanis' words. Then, all of a sudden, the question arose out of nowhere.

“But how many points did you get?”

Receiving the unexpected question, Kanis blinked. Then she quietly looked away and evaded her answer.

“I don’t want to talk.”

“Oh, why? how much did it come out? huh?"

“Why should I tell you? If you want to know that, can you tell me from there?”

“No, tell me first. Then I will tell you.”

"no. tell me first.”

Sirone gave up listening and intervened. If I stayed like this, I would repeat the same words all night long.

“It’s done. Let's continue what we were talking about.”

Perhaps in a situation where each other's legs were shaking, Amy and Canis quickly shut their mouths.

When the situation was settled, Kanis continued with her eyes widened than before.

“Anyway, what I would like to suggest is this. root of the test. In other words, if you pass the room of achievement and sacrifice, then talk to me again.”

Amy frowned and said.

“Isn’t that a bit strange?”

"What's wrong?"

“Aren’t you doing this because you also didn’t pass? If Sirone goes through, there's no need to bring you in. Isn’t a deal only going to happen when you have something you can give us?”

“Maybe right now. But take my word for it. It will never be a deal that will lose you.”

“Then prove it. Even if you don't reveal the core, you can prove it. Otherwise, this transaction is void. I can't be used by you without knowing the purpose.”

Canis looked back at Arin with conflicted eyes. It was something he could not decide on his own judgment.

After Arin agreed, he opened his mouth as if he couldn't do it.

"good. then let me tell you Guys, you said you were going to the Autonomous District to learn about the maze, right? Do you really have to go by any means?”

"huh. We want to know more about the maze.”

"then… … Perhaps the information I have can save your lives.”

Feeling the silence, Sirone's heart thumped. You're saving her life? It was an incomprehensible word. What the hell is in the autonomous district, why is this talk coming out?

“To be clear, if you approach the space-time of the labyrinth without my information, you guys will die with a probability close to 100%. But if you join hands with me, maybe you can live. In short, we are making a deal with your lives as collateral.”

"that… … !”

Amy jumped up and shouted.

“Do you think that threat will work? this is not proof It's just intimidating. It's also where the Freeman organization came in and out. No matter how dangerous the place is, it is not a matter of life and death.”

“So you said. There is no danger in the Autonomous District. The problem is if you enter through the route of the test. And Sirone.”

Canis turned to Sirone.

“I already know what you're trying to do in the Chamber of Sacrifice and Achievement. You, are you planning to open the immortal function in the space-time of the labyrinth?”

His eyes focused on Sirone. Shirone, who had been silent amidst everyone's attention, confided in him only after a while.

"that's right. When I first saw the Room of Achievement and Sacrifice, the structure itself was unique. I didn't think it was necessary to turn the space-time of the labyrinth in eight directions to test the might of a warrior. The atmosphere there was too serious to say it was just decoration. so you did it just in case Because I thought that what the angel's eyes were watching might not be something like force.”

Kanis nodded as if it was the right decision.

“For now, I can only hope that it works.”

"huh? don't you know?"

“I told you, half and half. But I'm also guessing that it has something to do with Immortal Function. I could be wrong, of course.”

“Then, Canis, what do you want?”

“Let's talk about that again after passing the gate of the test. The reason I've told you this far is because you're an unlocker. They believed in some possibility and provided quite a bit of information.”

“Umm, what should I do?”

Amy met Shirone's eyes and nodded. In any case, even before she met Kanis, she had decided to challenge the gateway to the test, so she had nothing to lose by making her deal.

Amy gave instructions as if to sort things out.

"good. Then Sirone enters the room of achievement and sacrifice. We'll use the pass and head to the Autonomous District first. All right so far, right?”

Amy asked for confirmation again. It was proof that the card Kanis pulled out was strong.

"No problem. The smuggling route is just a convenient way to go anyway. Only one person needs to pass the test in the labyrinth’s space-time.”

Amy's bones ached. A rough picture seems to be drawn, but since there is so little information, everything is blurry.

“Whoa, I don’t know what the hell it is. Anyway, you'll know if Sirone passes. So let's start slowly If you walk now, you will be on time.”

After leaving the bar, the group split into two groups. Amy's group and Canis' group joined together, and Sirone was going to head to the altar alone.

“Then Sirone, do well. Don't push yourself too hard.”

Amy was worried. Didn't she unreasonably open the immortal function before and leave to a place she could never return to?

"huh. I won't overdo it. If it doesn't work, I'll just give up. Be careful with Amy. Because something unexpected might happen.”

Even talking about life, I couldn't help but feel an old woman. Amy turned her head to check the spectrum of her party. She joined the powerful Rian, the nimble Tess, the defense-specialized Kanis, and the spirit-type Arin.

They were two people who seemed to die of hatred when they were enemies, but in a crisis situation, they were wizards who would do their part. On the other hand, when I thought about it, I felt reassured.

“What are we… … I don't think there's anything to worry about.”

"haha! It does. It's good that the power has been reinforced.”

Amy couldn't help but laugh. Sirone also seemed to be getting the feeling that it would be much more dangerous than she expected.

As Sirone left and headed for the altar, Amy also headed west with her friends.

“Arin, let’s go too.”

As Amy and the others spread their distance, Canis turned to Arin and said. But she couldn't take her eyes off Sirone, as if she had discovered something strange about her.

"scale? what's the matter?"

“Hey, Canis… … . Is Sirone blonde by any chance?”

Arin's mechanism for accepting things is different from that of ordinary humans. I couldn't even tell what the real shape was because I couldn't connect the shape and name of a specific object.

Therefore, recognizing Sirone, who is blonde, as blonde was definitely an unusual situation.

“Sirone? yes, it's blonde why? What does it look like?”

Arin blinked and turned around.

"No, it's not particularly strange. Let's stop.”

Canis shrugged and ran after Amy. Arin also moved her steps and was silently immersed in her thoughts. Then, at some point, she looked back as if she had suddenly realized something about her.

'Oh, I see. That child... … .'

Arin couldn't take his eyes off Sirone for a long time.

* * *

Sirone arrived at the western altar. Then he approached the native, who was glaring menacingly, and said the code.

“Keltia, Lo Hoima. Akrasia, Widmia Benzene.”

The native nodded and activated the engine mechanism to open the door. As I stepped into the dark entrance, I came to a spiral staircase lit by torches.

Sirone slowly descended the stairs. He had been there before, but the atmosphere was completely different, perhaps because he was alone.

When I went down the stairs, there was a courtesy passage. The natives said something and guided Sirone.

I couldn't understand what he was saying, but I could see what he was saying. It was like a rule for ritual anyway, so there was no need for additional communication.

When I passed through the iron gate installed at the end of the passage, I saw a familiar landscape. Eight spheres floating in an octagonal shape on a wide altar. The time-space of the labyrinth, called the pupil of an angel, was waiting for Sirone.

The gatekeeper has changed, but the man with the white tattoo on his face is the same as before. No, maybe not. Kergoin's face has not yet been accurately identified.

“Can I take the test?”

“This is a room of achievement and sacrifice. The eight eyes of an angel will judge you. To enter Kergo, you must pass through the time-space of the labyrinth.”

Waiting for the man's explanation to end, Sirone went up to the altar. He intended to hit the space-time of the labyrinth with a laser before testing the immortal function.

Shirone decided to try it out and focused the laser in front of her eyes. As the eerie red light emitted, the blunt man with white tattoos also made a surprised expression.

Sirone fired the laser with all her might. The number appeared later than usual in the space-time of the maze. Perhaps it was because the shock was constantly coming in.

Finally, a number appeared in the space-time of the maze. The first number Sirone checked was only 200. Then, as the number changed by the second, the digits finally went up.

400 to 782. 1,311 to 2,643. Eventually, it passed 4,874 and soared to 6,822.

Finding hope, Sirone clenched her fists. But at that moment, the numbers reset and he started going up from 72 again.

It seemed that there was a time limit on the maze's construction itself. After two rounds of the tally cycle, the highest score of 6,822 finally came to mind.

The space-time of the labyrinth emits a red glow and announces Sirone's disqualification throughout the room.

“Whoa.”

Sirone let out a breath as if in despair. The laser definitely worked. However, it was clear that Miro had anticipated even a trick on energy accumulation and put restrictions on it.

The most embarrassing thing was that Sirone had not been accepted despite his personal best score.

Sirone suddenly remembered Canis' words that she might lose her life. How far did the headmaster expect and allow the exploration of the ruins?

As I was immersed in such thoughts, the man with the white tattoo spoke in a solemn voice.

“To leave or to stay? If you want to prove your skills, go through the labyrinth of time and space.”

Sirone shook her head as if to shake off her fear. He came this far and couldn't give up. Aren't his friends already gone into the autonomous district?

“I’ll try one more time.”

The man waited patiently with his arms crossed. Thinking that permission had been granted, Sirone settled down in the middle of the altar.

Immortal function.

If you can't do it this way, no more. I didn't know what Canis knew, but I was going to give up cleanly.

“Whoa.”

Sirone calmed down and entered the Spirit Zone. As the defensive zone expanded, it swallowed the space-time of the maze floating in eight directions.

Lastly, after checking the borders of the spirit zone, Sirone raised her eyes and opened the immortal function.

“Huh!”

At that moment, something unbelievable happened.

Mental power flowed uncontrollably, and everything was sucked into the space-time of the labyrinth.

'This, this... … !'

The absorption speed of mental power was amazing. In a normal state, John would have shrunk in an instant. However, as much as the amount absorbed, power from the infinite realm surged, maintaining a precarious balance.

Sirone was afraid of the current situation that was out of control. He felt as if his worth had completely disappeared and he had become just a door connecting the powers of one side and the other.

'no! I need to wake up!'

In this state, consciousness disintegrates just as before. The luck of being reassembled by Miro's will would never happen again.

“Mmmmm!”

Sirone rescued the defensive frame to the maximum and pulled the zone. I felt a taut hold, but the form was still the same because the mental release was so strong.

From there, he went back into the Geumgang Buddha and desperately endured.

I couldn't think of anything. I just prayed that it would end soon, and prayed that it would not be scattered like this.

At that moment, the eight space-times of the maze shone brilliantly. Eight flashes of light simultaneously shot towards Sirone, and then grew into a white light sphere centered on him, completely covering the altar.

“Huh uh uh uh!”

Sirone shuddered at the intense sense of deprivation. It felt similar to when I opened Immortal Function for the first time.

“Oh, oh oh oh!”

The natives looked at Sirone bathed in light and screamed in surprise.

Sirone's body floated up to the ceiling.

As if an illusion had unfolded, the eyelids did not blink, and the pupils were shaking in shock as to what they were seeing.

The labyrinth's space-time, which absorbed the near-infinite spirit, was using that mental power again to convey information to Sirone.

There was no doubt that it was something that could be shown only when the eight spheres held their power to the limit.

The natives shouted at their throats.

"la! Anke! la!"

At that moment, a blinding light exploded and completely filled the room where the altar was located.

The natives turned their heads and closed their eyes.

And when the light disappeared again, Sirone was standing at the altar breathing heavily.

"omg! Huh!”

Sirone was still unconscious. I couldn't even tell where this place was.

What was it that he saw? Is it the right place to really exist? What on earth was Miro thinking, making such a device and waiting for the unlocker?

'Is it fantasy? Or is it real? I don't know anything. What on earth does this have to do with Immortal Function?'

Shirone suddenly got out of her thoughts and turned her head. All the natives who had flocked to the altar were on one knee and bowed their heads.

“Why, why are you doing this?”

Sirone stopped them with an absurd voice. However, the natives were only taking an attitude of submission without even breathing.

The man with the white tattoo looked up at Sirone and said.

“Please convey the will of Ra, messenger of God.”

(end of volume 7)

---------------------------------------