[44] Limitless (3)

The students' faces became bewildered. The demonstration he just showed me was enough to feel the power of the spirit magic. But from now on? 

Sanuel recited the same poem again. As the speech speed gradually increased, the children showed interest.

“Earth of enthusiasm, I borrow your power, so touch your hand. Looking down at the sky, the history of Manse is captured in a moment.”

But this was just the beginning. 

The movement of the lips showed an afterimage, and then the syllables continued to the extent that I did not even know what I was saying.

(The holy ground in the sky exists in the heart, and the will of the sorcerer is contained in the world. I will sing praises and praises. Only pale flashes can ignite the fire, and hot winds call for a typhoon.)

Sanuel clutched his lungs and frowned. The handsome man who calmly recited verses disappeared, leaving only the combative word magician.

The spirit's speed soared to the limit.

(Souls in spirit, call our names. Masters do not fear the power of lions. Like the sun-bearing sea, like the sea-bearing earth, like the earth-bearing wind, the wind of billions of years is in your hand. I will achieve infinite intellect.)

As all the sounds were pushed forward, the high frequency burst out as the notes broke up. The students covered their ears in unison. It was as if dozens of dolphins were crying out.

Now, the language has gone beyond the scope of language and turned into a sound wave. Sanuel's lips were open and motionless, only the tongue inside them was vibrating at breakneck speed.

Sirone was shocked. It was more than 20 times faster than normal speech speed. Sanuel, who had finished the command that took more than 2 minutes at first in just 6 seconds, cast Tornado again. With a whoop, a whirlwind clad in dust soared.

By the time the dust had disappeared, Sanuel was smiling with a comfortable face. The sound of metal breaking disappeared, but the tinnitus still lingered in the ears of the students.

“This is the basic sonic technique of a spirit mage. It is an indispensable skill in a real situation. Of course, it doesn't mean that you speak quickly. It must have been a noise that was difficult for you to hear, but I remembered the meaning of this verse without omission. I think the power of the tornado will suffice as proof of that.”

The students were speechless in their absurdity. I didn't expect the power of the spirit to be so great. In particular, the last tornado showed ten times the amplification power of the first magic.

'Is this senior level?'

Sirone broke into a cold sweat. Of course, it must be a skill that ranks high in her graduating class as Miss Etella called her as her teaching assistant.

However, he was still a student. She also thinks that Amy is competing for rank with people like that, which makes her want to enter the senior class even stronger. & nbsp;

The other students were also quite stimulated, their faces flushed. This was the reason why Etella dared to call a senior and demonstrate.

“Good job, Sanuel. Thanks to that, students must have seen and felt a lot. Thank you for granting me a difficult request.”

Sanuel bowed his head in a serious attitude with no envy between men and women.

"no. Just call me and I will come anytime.”

Sirone realized anew who she was taking lessons from. He was an unofficial 10th-class wizard even when Sanuel was graduating. However, the female teacher in front of me was no less than a 6th grade, a state-certified magician at that.

'How strong are you, my teacher?'

The other students must have realized this as well, and even after Sanuel left, they remained devout.

“Come on, everyone. Did you enjoy the Demon Spirit Demonstration?”

"yes!"

When the answer sounded louder than usual, Etella nodded with a satisfied expression. 

“The reason why I showed you the magic of the spirit is that it is closely related to strengthening the spirit zone that you will learn about today. Now you will be able to answer this question. What is the best way to strengthen your thoughts?”

The students responded unanimously.

“I mean!”

"is it so. Exactly. Because thoughts are made up of language. Can anyone put this into other words?”

The students of Class 4, who had been taking lessons from Etela for a long time, answered.

“It means being able to see your thoughts.”

“Exactly. All of you, think of whatever you're thinking right now. Maybe you can see that thought with your own eyes.”

Each of the students who tried it nodded as if they knew how it felt.

“Why is it important to look at your thoughts? Because it can be recalled. In other words, a linguistic mage reabsorbs the language she utters, strengthening her thoughts.”

Etella raised her index finger and continued her explanation. 

“The basic system of the commandments is simple. speak and reflect speak and reflect In this way, it continues to amplify the meaning, strengthening its magical power.”

“Teacher, then do we also learn the language?”

When a question came up in Class 7, Ethella laughed.

“Do you want to learn language magic?”

"yes. Earlier, he was really cool.”

"is it so. Finding the right fit for you is very important. Unfortunately, however, since language magic is a major, it will not be covered in advanced classes.”

“But then how do you strengthen the spirit zone? Wasn't that what you were doing?"

“He pointed it out very well. That is what the teacher will say from now on. Spirits are used to increase the power of certain magics. There is a lot of magic in the world, and there is a language to express that magic. However, since the Spirit Zone is a purely mental operation, it is not necessary to learn the spirit or supersonic arts. So, how to strengthen the spirit zone?”

Etella stopped explaining and went up to the Image Zone.

“It is a unique concentration method called sequence method. Raise your hand if any of you have ever counted from 1 to 100, either with your mind or with your mouth.”

More than half of the people raised their hands.

"great. So, who has counted from 1 to 1,000?”

The students pulled out their heads and looked around. All of Class Four raised their hands, but few students in the lower classes were seen.

“A sequence formula is literally a technique of arranging numbers. Unlike language, numbers are symbols with a fixed and unchanging status. So it fits well with the Spirit Zone.”

“Are you saying counting increases your concentration?”

"That's right. But you can't just count. Basically, it's the same as Eonryeong. exhale and repeat However, in the case of a sequence expression, you have to think about it and reflect on it. A sequence cannot succeed unless you focus on each number.”

It was the reason Etella introduced the magic of the spirit of the tongue in the first place. If you go into advanced technology, it will be completely different, but the basic concept of reinforcement is almost similar to the sequence of words.

“The faster the number unfolds, the stronger the zone. If you perform a sequence ceremony, you can create an effect that increases all parts such as activation probability, power, and precision. However, keep in mind that sequence formulas are not omnipotent. The Spirit Zone can only be elevated through rigorous mental discipline. So don't get too hung up on technical enhancements. Then, from now on, I will show you a direct demonstration of the sequence method.”

After the explanation, Etella spread out the spirit zone with a diameter of about 10 meters needed for education.

“From now on, the sequence ceremony will be held. Let's strengthen the currently visible spirit zone only with a sequence. Since it is not a language, I will only tell you the 10th power unit considering the syllable. Then let's begin. One."

From the moment Etela spit out the 1, the beginning of the sequence, the spirit zone swelled up like air was filling up.

“100.”

“100? Did you just say 100?”

In order for a sequence formula to be effective, each number must be carefully examined. Still, counting 100 in 2 seconds was a formidable speed.

“400.”

The children's eyes were glazed over. As if the acceleration had started to pick up, the zero hundred representing the speed of a certain section became extremely short.

“1,100. 1,700. 2,400.”

Sirone's mouth fell open. Can humans count so fast? In less than 20 seconds, 1 was added 2,400 times. 

The Spirit Zone grew into a sphere 40 meters in diameter. It was a size that was created only by a numerical sequence.

When the number reached 10,000, Etella stopped the sequence. The Spirit Zone quickly shrank and returned to its original size.

The concentration of counting 10,000 at once proved why she was the youngest bishop of the Karsis Monastery.

'It's really great. How much do you have to train your mind to reach such a state?'

Students who first encountered Etella's sequence demonstration were shocked. Even her beautiful looks pale in comparison to her talent.

“Did you see? Depending on how quickly the sequence can be performed, the range of reinforcement increases. Since it is just a technique, you cannot get great efficiency if you lack the spirit zone itself, but I think you will be able to use it effectively enough.”

Sirone was delighted to hear her words. If you use the sequence formula, you can use active magic through mental condensation that is stronger than the durability of the spirit zone.

“Sequences are based on 1 to 100. The speed at which it reaches this point is called zero hundred. Until you get used to it, don't drag the numbers too long and focus on shortening the zero hundred.”

After class, Sirone settled down alone in a remote place. The sequence formula I tried was simple yet difficult.

When I checked the time from 1 to 100, it was 7 seconds. It was pretty good for a first try.

Most of all, the best feeling is that even though I calculated at a tremendous speed, I reached it without stopping even once. 

Although the level of Class 5 is quite high, it was proof that Sirone is still superior in terms of mental durability.

In fact, most of the students performing the sequence ceremony for the first time lost their concentration as they accelerated.

'There is no problem with counting itself. Shall we increase the number further? No, he told me to shorten the zero-back first.'

Judging from Etela's personality, the level of the sequence should have met the students' standards exactly.

'Then you're saying there's a much higher level. What is it? There must be a special way.'

Syrone, lost in thought, snapped her fingers.

'There is no need to calculate each one. Rather, I process it while appreciating the whole number.'

Although Sirone did not know it, this was the basic concept of information magic, modularization. It was a method of grouping individual numbers into units and processing them at once.

Sirone started experimenting right away. Integrating the numbers required insight, not calculation. As the number of numbers processed within the same amount of time increased, it was clearly felt that the performance of the Spirit Zone improved.

Sirone, who broke through the zero-back with tremendous speed, changed the four-way to the offensive type. And the moment the sequence reached the cloth, he took a magical action and cast his magic.

The students turned to Sirone at the flashing light. A mass of photons jumped out of Sirone's palm.

Strictly speaking, it was a sphere of light, but because of the speed at which it spread at the speed of sub-light, people saw it as if a single flash of light was running at full speed.

"wow! What is that?"

“It’s a photon output. I guess he’s going to take a targeting test with that.”

“But why did you learn that? Photon output would be useless in practice, right?”

“It doesn't matter. Because the target in the image zone activates any kind of magic. Even if you use healing, the target will be removed. In fact, it may be useful for exams. Honestly, isn’t that really fast?”

Even without physical power, among the basics of active magic, there is no magic faster than photon output, so it was perfect for hitting a target that flies like a fly.

---------------------------------------