[310] Causal Wheel (2)

'What happened? Archangel Ichael and Guffin. Is there something related between the two? Or just a coincidence?'

It was certain that it had something to do with the reset. Once I get out of the castle, I'll have to do some research on it.

If the reset was true, there was a high possibility that traces would remain in the depths of another person. They will abduct and dissect them at random.

I slowed down around the time I started to see the inner gate. Guards carrying torches were roaming the walls.

Arius cautiously tried Flickr. He disappeared with a scraping sound and appeared 30 centimeters in front. The time warp is gone.

'Did I bully you?'

Armin had spent quite some time in the pantry, so it would be difficult to pinpoint his exact location. The only way for him to expand the spirit zone and distort the entire radius.

Moreover, considering his short timeline, there was a good chance he had already escaped.

"But it's kind of embarrassing."

Arius carefully observed the movements of the guards.

Realizing that there would be gaps in the guard net for about two minutes, he waited for the time to come, then kicked off the ground and ran out. When he went through the wall with Flickr, it was all over.

'Eat some shit. The most disgusting Kazura.'

“Where are you going so busy?”

Arius' running stopped abruptly.

A voice came from behind. He was quite capable, if not to the extent that he could not even feel his presence.

'Damn it!'

Arius turned around tediously slowly. If he tried to do something clumsily, his neck would fall off.

Litney Walker, the head of Kazura's bodyguard, was laughing like a beast with his longsword hanging down.

'That's the worst situation.'

I mean, it's that guy.

Kazura's magical power is weak, but his swordsmanship level is not inferior. Furthermore, Walker was the most faithful swordsman to the standard of the Great Magic Dictionary.

The best strategy for a swordsman against a wizard is 'cut before casting magic'. And Walker was the best swordsman in Kazura. This is because it is what he read in the beginner's book on court swordsmanship.

Walker put his longsword to the ground and looked up at the night sky.

Despite looking away, Arius couldn't move. It was as if Walker's nerves had been blown and he was lassoing himself.

“It’s not the time for people to walk around. The bar is closed on days like this.”

"haha! I have an urgent appointment. By the way, what's the captain of the bodyguard doing? Are you on patrol?”

“Hehe, why are you doing this between the players?”

Walker's eyes glowed like those of a nocturnal beast.

“Are you a robber? Arius of the 7 Madou Girls.”

“I don’t know what you mean. Where are the names Arius?”

Walkers were not from Theraze's faction, nor were they from Orkamp's faction. He was the only one who worked for the prosperity of the kingdom.

He has been pursuing Arius for a long time.

Being a Madou 7 girl didn't matter. It must have been an inevitable choice for Kazura, who had weak magic power. However, if he messed up the kingdom, he couldn't leave it alone.

“You know what's scarier than a violent king? Liver. give me a choice Either be easily captured, or be split in two by my sword.”

“Somehow, I thought things were going well.”

Arius, who showed his true colors, slowly lowered his hand.

If you act without thinking about running away, the walker will not move either. It was wisdom gained through long experience.

The reason a wizard equipped with teleportation cannot run away from a swordsman is because of the humane time it takes to activate.

Once the magic is activated, the swordsman cannot catch up with the wizard. However, when it comes to phenomena occurring in the human realm, the senses of schema masters far exceeded those of wizards.

How the swordsman captures the moment the battery is installed is still a mystery to the wizard. If you listen to the swordsman's words, you can feel his temperament change, so from the wizard's point of view, it was just that.

Arius observed Walker's every move. From Walker's point of view, it would be no different than normal people staring at him, but he was not a Habari wizard, so he had some information. Walker's momentum is like a volcano on the verge of exploding.

Arius let out a sigh with a dejected expression.

“Whoa. it's annoying."

bang! And the longsword stuck in the place where Arius was standing. As if following behind the sword, the figure of a walker appeared in a vertical slash finishing stance.

“Such a disease… … !”

Arius was not there. Half tempo late.

No, I'm not sure about that either. Obviously the timing was right.

Speed ​​of cognition, speed of sensation, speed of nerves, speed of action. Everything transcended opponents. To be sure, Arius couldn't even see his movements. Perhaps there was a gap between the time humans feel and the time mosquitoes feel.

'But how did he escape?'

First of all, it is not movement-type magic. It wasn't even Flickr. All I could think of was that he had just disappeared.

Invisibility Magic Invisibility? Even so, it doesn't make sense to speed up casting.

However, it was a possibility that could not be ignored at the moment, so Walker looked around.

“Captain! Is there a problem?"

The guards heard the gong and came running.

“From now on, we will look for Arius. Strengthen the defense and assemble all standby troops.”

“Oh, Arius? Aren't you Your Highness' technical adviser?”

“It is a crime of sedition. It gets more difficult the longer you wait, so move quickly.”

The guards dispersed in perfect order.

Walker observed the movements of his men and went into the woods. If he had cast invisibility magic, there would have been a trace left somewhere.

Flicker magic was cast where everyone left. A man appeared like a ghost. It was Armin.

“Apoptosis. That's a reasonable decision.”

Apoptosis is said to be the most difficult of scale magics in microspace. That's because it's a magic that dives into your own mind.

When the body enters the mind, the boundary between thought and reality collapses and becomes a conceptual body. I have no emotions, I can't even think. The possibility of Arius returning on his own was very slim.

'It's better than dying, though.'

Certainly better than dying.

If you are a magician, you have at least one skill of conversion.

Indeed, Walker's reaction was impeccable. However, since apoptosis is a feedback from the spirit zone, it took almost no casting time compared to other magics.

The reason why Armin canceled the time warp was to prepare for Arius being captured by Walker. It doesn't matter if he dies, but if he gets caught needlessly and says this or that, the situation becomes complicated.

'I guess I don't have to worry for the time being.'

There is no way he would have attempted apoptosis without even a way to return. In preparation for such a situation, you must have made an agreement with someone, or prepared some device.

1 year or 10 years. It may not come back even after 100 years. But it was certain that one day he would return.

'The assistant side is more likely. I'll have to investigate from there.'

The most likely candidate was Madou 7 Girl.

Recalling the faces of the members, Armin frowned. Arius was a human whose mind had gone mad enough to belong to the decent axis.

'Shall we start soon?'

Armin looked back at the castle.

I wanted to stay by Sirone's side a little longer, but there was no time to delay. I had to get back to Keira as soon as possible.

When the flicker magic was cast, his figure disappeared with a gripping sound. Walkers' shouts echoed faintly in the clearing.

* * *

Xenoger was running through the underground emergency exit.

Every ten steps he took, a trap was triggered. A trap with an open floor, a trap with arrows flying in, and a trap with a nailed log flying like a swing.

Xenoger evaded the traps without slowing down. When the floor opened, it jumped over, and the nailed log caught in a web of cobwebs spewing from its mouth, stopping halfway.

"ha! ha!"

Leaning against the corner of the underground labyrinth, he took a short break. Beads of sweat ran down his forehead as he looked up at the ceiling.

I couldn't save Zion. So she ran away. Theraze would not let an assassin who failed in his mission live.

He can take it as long as it is his own death, but even the Spatour clan, which relies on Theraze's support for everything, will disappear.

'You have to run away. And I have to find a force to rely on.'

It is a clan that has been assassinating for a thousand years. They might not be full of Theraje's castle, but there were plenty of forces that needed them.

Xenoger recovered only the bottom of his energy and ran through the maze again. He somehow had to get out of the castle until dawn.

The floor slid open like a swinging door. Leaping right before he fell, he attached a spider web to the ceiling and flew in a parabolic arc. At the same time, a dagger flew in front of his eyes.

“Keugh!”

During the pendulum movement, he twisted his back to avoid the dagger.

Although it was supposed to be thrown by a person, the dagger flew like an arrow and hit the wall.

Landing on the floor, Xenoger immediately took a vigilant posture. As his bosom swelled, four arms protruded and six pupils opened in his left and right temples.

“Who are you? come out.”

A small woman turned around from a corner shrouded in darkness.

Short black hair with the bangs straight. Her face was slightly frowning with her closed eyes, and she was wearing a straight dress with a narrow skirt, not like an assassin. It was like a wrapping paper wrapped around a person, not clothes.

Sosogoth's two hands were holding the sheath and handle of the dagger, and the blade was halfway out.

“Are you a hitman? Who bought it?”

“I have nothing to say to those who leave this world.”

It was a refreshing voice that clears the mind just by listening to it.

But he couldn't fool Xenoger's ears. It's a voice that has been altered with great training.

“Cheuk, well… … That's how we live.”

The moment Xenoger finished speaking, a dagger flew by.

Xenoger leaped to the ceiling and spread cobwebs everywhere. After changing his environment to his own, he swung a steel wire the thickness of his finger like a whip.

It seemed that there were several figures of the woman, and then they turned around behind him in an instant, as if they were moving on rails.

'It's a unique step.'

No matter how you think about it, a narrow, straight skirt is not suitable for battle. Even if you spread your legs as far as possible, you will only be able to take half the stride length of a normal person. The strange sandals between the toes also bothered me.

However, her walking speed was fast enough to transcend imagination. In addition, the acceleration section was extremely dense, so it was a strange movement as if chasing afterimages.

At first, it seemed to be moving slowly, but as the short distance increased explosively, it was approaching before my eyes. It's really tricky. It wasn't an ordinary acceleration movement, so I couldn't accurately measure the timing.

'The rhythm is completely different.'

He will be the one who lives on this.

If I were to categorize it, it was on the circus side. A generic term for hitmen who use athletic abilities to deceive opponents.

At first glance, I was curious about who it might be, but it was only a fleeting thought. Knowing the name of an active assassin is no different from having seen all the balls.

Xenoger blocked access by putting up a screen with spider webs. As he learned the rhythm, he began to predict his movement little by little.

From then on, the tide turned.

Xenoger approached the woman, jumping from wall to wall like a spider.

The dagger flew in an off-beat rhythm, but it didn't shake anymore. The last dagger was twisted around his neck and caught in his mouth.

“Quack! It was pretty good for a circus.”

Digging into the woman's arms, Xenoger lifted his upper arm with an inverted joint. He grabbed the woman's face with his hand that went over his shoulder, pushed her in, and slammed the back of her head against the wall.

A thud was followed by a slap in the woman's face. Fragments of her porcelain skin fell to the floor.

Xenoger moved his three left hands quickly. He squeezed her neck with one hand and tucked her hand underneath her into her skirt. There were no genitalia.

The hand in the middle grabbed her breast and squeezed it. As the silk clothes were ripped off, I felt the texture of a lumpy cushion similar to fat.

Her bare chest was flat, and her bony ribs were exposed underneath.

---------------------------------------