[274] 1. Hostile friendly relations (3)

Uorin scratched the floor where Sirone fell with his finger. The transparent vinyl peeled off and landed in her hand.

"braided! That's it. Look at the floor again.”

Unlike when Sirone fell down when he tried to press it with his foot, the hardness of the marble that matched common sense came through. I tried knocking it with full weight, but it was the same as expected.

“Are you curious? With this, you can take a nap even on rocky ground. Even this is possible. Take a good look.”

Uorin walked over to the taller eagle sculpture and covered it with vinyl. Like a lie, the sculpture sank to reveal a flat floor.

She pressed down on her skirt, jumped up, and landed on her buttock. Her ass burrowed into her soft floor and her plump bouncing.

Her actions were childish, but Sirone looked at her seriously. I couldn't figure out what could be causing this to happen.

It's not science. It wasn't even magic.

Sirone looked around seriously. I finally realized why the items in the room were not luxurious. This was the place where the most expensive things in the world were gathered.

Uorin smiled and said.

"that's right. This is a place to collect objects.”

I expected it, but when I heard the words that came out of my mouth, I was in a realistic shock .

It reminded me of the object of the water surface owned by Mara Baalb in heaven. 

At the time, I shuddered at the bizarreness, but the shock now was different from that.

'You mean everything here is an object?'

Tableware is in the kitchen, books are in the library, etc. Arrangement is determined according to the function of the object. However, the items here were not arranged in random order, and there was no consistency in the order in which they were displayed.

At a rough count, there were about 50 or more objects on display. It was possible because the Theraze family ruled the continent.

While Sirone was lost, Ji-on approached. In his hand was the Spirit Journal.

The reaction was predictably cynical. He raised the corner of his mouth as if it were not the same, and said while holding a magazine.

“Are you a genius wannabe wizard?”

Sirone didn't even want to respond.

“Of course, magic is a great power. I admit it. But, isn’t that kind of ability nothing compared to an object? The annual salary of a 3rd class archmage working in Kazura Castle is about 30 million gold. How many archmages can I hire if I sell one of these items?”

“What do you want to say?”

“No matter how brilliant a wizard is, in the end, it's just a dog of the royal family. A ruler's talent is not determined by magic.”

Zion held the spirit magazine at eye level with Sirone and dropped it. And he went back past Cirone, stomping through magazines as if he didn't know anything.

“It would be nice, since I can become the first prince in three days. how is it? Do you feel like a king already?”

Now that the paternity test is over, it is clear that the nobles' quarrel will become more heated. In such a situation, it was natural for Jion, the core of power, to check Sirone's psychological state.

“I should have said that, right? I'm not interested. When the results come out, I will go home.”

“Huh, I guess so.”

Zion didn't believe it.

Who in the world would refuse the king's seat? Even if there is such a person, it is because he has not yet tasted the sweetness of power.

Power guarantees all kinds of pleasure that human beings crave. 

Once he becomes the first prince, no matter how much character development Sirone is, her thoughts will inevitably change.

“There is no use in pretending to be aloof. Because this is the kingdom Especially for me, that trick doesn't work.”

Ji-on snatched <Mokomokosin Everywhere> from Woo-rin and threw it on the floor.

“With one toy like this, I could buy the whole magic school you attend. In an instant, I will become your teacher. Your master will have to crawl between my crotches. But what? Not interested in the throne? Do you think I would believe that?”

Sirone realized that Jion was an extremely materialistic person. The reason he went to school was to gain the intangible value contained in them, not the visible things.

After hearing the story, it is said that <Mokomokosin everywhere> plays in billions, but it was the same just looking at it as a child's toy.

The ability of an object to break common sense could be worth as much as it was used.

For example, what if the safe containing the 'spirit's essence' was concealed?

No matter how expensive the object is, it is not even worth bread compared to the essence of the spirits, which are only 17 in the world (fire 2, water 3, wind 5, earth 7).

Once equipped, it is said that its value exceeds the budget of a small kingdom because it can cast magic of that attribute as well as block 100% of magic of the same attribute.

After all, there are many people in the world who absolutely need it, and they will spare no expense to get what they want.

Theraje's family could have bought it for fun, but it was just Zeon's misunderstanding to think that the object was expensive simply out of a collector's desire.

“I think it would be better to hand over <Mokomoko Anywhere> to someone else. No matter how good a book is, it is useless to someone who uses it as a pot stand.”

"haha! That's the privilege of royalty. good book? Even gold will be used as a pot stand.”

Sirone gritted his teeth and swallowed his anger. Since they were different from each other, they couldn't agree on even the smallest things.

"it's okay. I'll go back when I'm done talking."

Staying longer would only hurt my feelings, so I headed for the door, but Uorin ran up to me and pulled me by the sleeve.

"wait for a sec! I also have business with Shirone oppa. I have something I want to show you. Come this way.”

Even Sirone couldn't refuse if it was Uorin.

First of all, he was a conversation partner, and there were times when he supported himself among the arrogant royals. Above all, she was the daughter of Theraje, who had great power.

“Quickly, quickly. Come this way."

When Sirone was taken away by Uorin, Ji-on laughed at him, but in reality his situation was not much different.

When Uorin said that she had business to do, she didn't say anything and just followed her younger sister.

After sitting Shirone at the table, Uorin brought a small box.

It was a structure with a shabby rectangular wooden frame and a hemispherical interior. In the center, there was an arrow-shaped pointer with finger stains on it.

“This is an objet called <Every day gift>. I leave a present once a day.”

It is an easy word that even a child can understand, but Sirone felt that something essential was missing, as if there was no subject or object.

“Huh, isn’t that strange? At first everything is like that. Objects are objects that fall outside of common sense, so when you come across the <Guidelines>, there are a lot of cases where it doesn't make sense.”

“Yes. The weirdest thing is to leave it behind. who the hell It's just stuff.”

“The <Guidelines> has two meanings. Once the <placement> is established, gravity is required. Also, <going> but not <coming>. Therefore, there must be a space that cannot be observed from inside or outside.”

Sirone realized why the entrance door here has a double structure.

It needed a third place where people would not pass by either inside or outside.

“<Gravity> and <no observer>. If these two conditions are met, a gift is given once a day. If you look closely at the roulette here, it is divided into four colors, right?”

Sirone turned her gaze to the direction Uorin had pointed to.

It may have been quite old, but the paint had peeled off, but the brightness was different. The size of the area was different, and the letters were engraved on the inside. It was difficult to see because it was blurry, but it was clear that it was not the language of Tormia.

Uorin explained the four areas one by one.

“The letters written here are the language of the Gypsies of the Eastern Mountains. In translation, it is a simple gift, a gift that feels good, an excessive gift, and a miracle. As a result of measuring radian values, modest gifts account for approximately 75 percent, feel-good gifts for 20 percent, excessive gifts for 4 percent, and miracles for 1 percent.”

“Hmm… … .”

The fact that 75% of simple gifts are present means that the difference in gifts is quite high. I was looking forward to the excessive gift of 4% probability, but I was more curious about what the miracle was.

It can only be turned once a day, so a simple calculation would take a miracle within 100 days. However, given the concept of probability, it could have taken much longer than that.

Sirone carefully pointed to the roulette pointer, lest it even touch her fingertips.

“Can I turn this arrow?”

"yes. That's why I waited for my brother to come.”

"huh? me?"

“Take a look. I will give the gift from here to my brother.”

Sirone blinked at the unexpected words.

If he had as much wealth as Woo-rin, even the best gift would not attract him, but he wasn't the type to readily yield to others unless he knew what was going to happen.

“Probability… … .”

In any case, it was an opportunity to directly experience the object. 

Sirone also didn't have any particular desire for gifts. However, I was very curious about what kind of gift would come out.

Perhaps that is the value of this objet?

The excitement you feel while imagining a present.

In that sense, <everyday gift> was a play tool that understood human psychology very well. Unlike other gambling, there is no failure.

“At least a simple gift is guaranteed. Then can I try it?”

"Sure. That's what I do every day."

Uorin readily agreed and added an explanation.

“All you have to do is flick the tip of the indicator with your finger. As a result of the experiment, it was judged invalid if it did not rotate more than 10 times. That doesn't mean you're deprived of a day's opportunity, so there's no need to be nervous."

“Oh, that’s right.”

Sirone's eyes lit up with interest.

Why must it go more than ten laps? This is because if there is no limit on the number of revolutions, you can hit the whistle just by gently pushing the indicator.

'It's really strange. Even though it's an object, there are rules at stake, like eating out.'

At that moment, a good idea popped into my head.

“This, maybe I can keep getting miracles.”

Then, Uorin's eyes lit up like Sirone's.

An eye to analyze an object from multiple angles is a prerequisite for an objet collector. In that sense, Sirone had the temperament of a collector.

“As expected, it’s different because it’s a wizard. You can adjust your senses and turn exactly 3,600 degrees, right?”

"that's right. Or hire a professional gambler. If you feel the sensitivity of the roulette and adjust the power, you can always pay the same price.”

“Good idea. But unfortunately it's impossible. I've already done it. I think the position is probably determined through a specific random number conversion when the roulette wheel is turned.”

“Hmm, doesn’t that mean that the <everyday gift> is manipulating the probabilities? The fact that the miracle is 1% may be a lie. Wouldn't that be a fair gamble?”

If it is an object that gambles, at least the probability must be fair. Otherwise, there would be no need to have an interface to experiment with probabilities in the first place.

Uorin felt a strong sense of kinship with Sirone.

In fact, she had several other people play roulette besides Sirone. But she was mostly preoccupied with the gift she would receive rather than being fascinated by the nature of her object.

There were times when I saw him praying for an expensive gift to come out in front of the roulette wheel, and he got annoyed and left.

It is said that an object collector needs two things, one is an interesting object and the other is an audience who appreciates the object.

Although Zion occasionally found decent objects, he was a bit of a jerk when it came to his eyesight.

---------------------------------------