[16] Alpheas Magic School (2)

"Nice to meet you. This is the family head Bischoff.”

Bischoff, the owner of the house, greeted everyone on behalf of them. Clump and Rai were missing, but Lian and Raina accompanied them instead.

Lian bowed his head to Vincent with a warm welcome.

“Hello, Father! Sirone's sword, Lian. He's going to be the best prosecutor in the world someday. Ha ha ha ha ha!"

“I’m Ryan’s older sister, Raina. I have heard many of you.”

Vincent and Olina blinked blankly. Then, when the circuits in her head suddenly connected, she realized her situation and bowed her head.

“Oh, hello! This is Sirone's father. How can high-ranking people come to this place... … .”

“Oh, did you not hear what Sirone said?”

"yes? What do you mean by talking?”

Vincent pondered what he had heard. All he could think of was his son's nonsense bragging.

“So, are you saying that is true?”

“Ah, maybe so. We should have come a little sooner. Anyway, that's what Sirone said. My younger siblings, Lian and Sirone, became a relationship forged by knightly oaths. That’s why it was difficult for me to come here.”

When Vincent finally realized the full extent of the situation, his heart thumped. His joy was only momentary, and fear set in. How could an innocent son have such a big accident?

“First, let’s have a meal. I'd like to talk more about it later.”

Bischoff finished the business briefly as per his personality and turned around. 

The family head's attitude was not particularly friendly. However, the fact that the second class of aristocrats used honorific treatment to commoners was to reveal the feelings of parents who held their youngest son hostage.

Even after the family members left, Vincent stayed for a while. Then, as Shirone smiled and pulled her by the collar, she came to her senses and went out into the living room.

'You mean really? our sirone? To the Ogent family?'

Everything was a question mark. All the questions were amazing. Her frightened Olina, like her girl, clasped her husband's arms. But even Vincent's legs were shaking.

Then, in a hurry, I came to my senses. If what Sirone said is true, she shouldn't show any more weakness. She has to keep this place for her son.

The meal, which was merely a reception, came to Vincent like a battlefield.

A variety of delicacies were placed on the table. Even Vincent, the hunter, had never seen food before. They were materials that Rayna had airlifted from the palace.

Seats were seated in order of rank according to the law. The owner of the house, Bischoff, sat in the upper seat, with Klumph on his left and Reina on his right.

Vincent, who was sitting in the last seat, realized it only when he saw the delicacies spread out in front of his eyes. When Louis the butler and Temuran, the sub-butler, were polite, he shrugged his shoulders without realizing it.

But I just couldn't like it. Thinking of his son's face, he should have finished the meal quietly, but his eyes widened when he saw the number of tableware that went well over seven.

Commoners, even if they rushed in with only a fork, there was no problem in slashing at least one wild boar.

However, the tableware in front of me was of different sizes and shapes, and there were even tools I had never seen before.

The meal started, but Vincent's family still couldn't get their first drink. The biggest problem was that the ladies-in-waiting were just standing there and not thinking of helping.

There is no need to act recklessly in the precarious psychological warfare between nobles and commoners. Moreover, as a commoner, his status rose overnight, so ridicule and sarcasm about him were mixed.

Bischoff put down the tableware and said.

“Eat. You don't have to follow the laws of the nobility.”

“Ha, but still… … .”

“I think courtesy is not an action, but a desire to show that action. Even though you are having a hard time right now, my family is feeling enough courtesy, so I hope you enjoy it comfortably.”

Vincent was impressed by the family master's words. Whether it's a caring heart or a noble's pride, it was a great favor to care so much.

Then the maids' faces turned pale. The attitude of the Ogent family toward Sirone was genuine. He really intended to accept Sirone.

The embarrassed ladies-in-waiting hurriedly taught them how to use tableware. In fact, it's a problem because you don't know, but if you just know, what's so difficult about eating? The Vincent family, who realized with moderate notice, ate comfortably only then.

Vincent, who had regained his composure, was worried about his son this time. What the hell is this family planning on doing with Sirone?

I've been told what a knight's oath is, but that doesn't change anything. Sirone was still the son of a mountaineer and had no future guaranteed except for being cleverer than others.

Could it be that he has other plans? It was Vincent, who hated to suspect the person who had done him a favor, but would do anything about his children.

“Thank you for looking at my son well, but at the same time I’m worried. Wouldn't the Ogent family be the most prestigious family in Creas? It's hard to believe that a young master from such a family took an oath to be a knight to Sirone.”

"haha! You don't have to worry about that. Sirone and I... … .”

Bischoff cut off Lian's words.

“To be honest, I feel a little bit offended.”

The tableware in the seat stopped all at once. But Bischoff continued his words without stopping his knife.

“But it is a knightly oath. In the martial arts, it is the pride and belief that has the highest binding power. If you feel uncomfortable just because there is a difference in social status, I think it is rather a disgrace to Lian's pride. Therefore, we will continue to use honorifics in the future, so please do not be too hard on yourself.”

Bischoff's words resonated with Sirone. Most nobles are arrogant and narcissistic. But because of that, the value of pride they worship is beyond imagination.

An aristocrat who has been regarded only as an existence that persecutes people. However, when I watched their lives and talked to them, they were also people who were moving according to their own rules.

“Cheuk, it’s been a long time since our head of household said the right thing. It seems like he's going to die of loneliness because he's trying to send his remaining son away too, doesn't he? Why don’t you just send it to next year?”

Bischoff did not yield to his father's provocations.

“Rai has learned the schema and has a high chance of winning a public official since he has mastered the Augent swordsmanship. Conversely, Rihanna has not even realized the schema yet. I have no choice but to put my hopes on this swordsmanship academy.”

“Listening, you secretly take the side of the black hair. Cold black hair. However, youth that has not withered is melted in the blue blood. If you look down on the passion of the blue hair, you may face embarrassing things later.”

Lian, who was munching on the lamb, gave Grandpa a thumbs up. Bischoff snorted. His father's playfulness really sucked.

“Whether it’s blue hair or black hair, whoever succeeds is my child. And that's it... … .”

Everyone in the immediate family put down the tableware and said in one voice.

“Ogent.”

* * *

After dinner, Clump called the family into the living room. It was to discuss Sirone's business. 

At the family meeting, Reina shared the news that Sirone was interested in magic, and everyone agreed. Both in terms of size and inclination, there were limits to swordsmanship.

As a result, calling Vincent was a good thing. Contrary to the friendly atmosphere of the meal, Clump made the announcement with a solemn expression.

“As you know, our family intends to support Sirone in the future. It sounds like you want to become a wizard, so why don't you send it to Alpheas Magic School here in Creas? Principal Alfeas has a long-standing relationship with me, and the school is also one of the top five prestigious schools in the kingdom of Tormia. It's a kingdom-designated institution, so if you graduate, you'll be able to acquire an unofficial license. In a word, you can become a wizard.”

“Oh, sorcerer… … .”

Vincent swallowed. The wizard was the crystallization of intellect and the ruler of phenomena. It was a very special job that had nothing to do with status, and once he obtained a license, he was a talented person among talented people who would be used anywhere.

In the world, there were savages who realized magic on their own, and commoners who learned magic by getting a chance to become a wizard's apprentice. Such people could also become mercenaries or enter the association and acquire wizard licenses.

However, there were only a handful of cases like this, and for most commoners, being a wizard was just a job in a distant country that did not even appear in their dreams.

But, Sirone becomes a wizard? It is also said that you will be admitted to a prestigious school where you can get a license immediately after graduation. It was an offer his father could never refuse.

Olina was thrilled and burst into tears. Sirone hugged her mother like that. It was a heartwarming sight for anyone to see, but Klumpman's expression was surprisingly dark.

It was clear that entering magic school was the fastest way to become a wizard.

However, the problem was Sirone's identity. The magic school thoroughly allowed admission to the nobility, and the special selection was also to pick the stars in the sky.

This was not an easy task even for the second class, the Ogent family. In fact, at the magic school, not only the 2nd class, but also the children of the 1st class were all over the place.

“As you may already know, Sirone's current status does not qualify her to enter the magic school. Even if the family applies for the admission fee and textbook fee, there is no choice but to talk about the admission method.”

Vincent wakes up from a dream. He must have been crazy enough to forget the reality because it was such a sweet fantasy.

“Oh, of course it is. I know. yes… … okay."

Disappointment was evident in Vincent's voice. There will be a sense of wonder. That a son recognized by an aristocratic family could not enter school because of the status passed down by his nerdy father.

“There is one way. No, it should be the only way.”

At Clump's words, Vincent's head flashed. Sirone also paid attention to the story because it was the first time he had heard of it.

“Sirone… … I want to adopt him as an adopted son of the Ogent family.”

Silence filled the living room.

Klump's proposal was, in a word, about selling the child. Not a bad suggestion, of course. Because the hunter's son was transformed into the son of the Ogent family in an instant.

It was an unconventional treatment that would be unthinkable under normal circumstances. However, the reason why the lips do not readily fall is because of the problem of blood vessels.

Sirone can become a noble. But from that moment on, Sirone is no longer her own son. My son becomes someone else's son.

Vincent looked back at Sirone. He was a bit sarcastic, but his son's expression was still calm. He couldn't understand whether it was because he thought he would take it for granted or because he thought it was nonsense.

“Family meetings were held, but it was decided that this was the best course of action. One of my cousins ​​is a spoiled brat who has no children yet. If you register your family register there, Sirone will also become a noble, so you should be able to enter the school as much as you like. Of course, I have no desire to take away my son. It is just a matter of paperwork, and the family relationship will not change.”

It's just a matter of paperwork. Can I talk so easily? Everything in this world was a matter of paper. 

I honestly had no confidence. Looking at Sirone, who was registered as the son of another family, he had no confidence not to be disappointed.

'Sirone, say something. What judgment should this father make? What do you really want?'

Vincent looked back at Sirone with a miserable heart.

Then, Sirone's brow furrowed. Vincent realized that it was because his father was frustrated because he couldn't answer.

Since it was a sensitive issue, everyone kept quiet, so Reina stepped forward and asked.

“Sirone, what do you think? Just registering the paperwork. You can become a nobleman and you can fulfill your dreams. Of course, we will always consider our parents as your parents. Nothing will change.”

Sirone's eyebrows sank even more, and his eyes narrowed. Then he said it as if he couldn't understand it at all.

---------------------------------------