Last 5 Hours (4)

the evil merchant asked.

“What are you? Are you going to try?”

"of course. I’d rather go to jail than give points to scumbags like you.”

they were crazy

“You don’t know, kid, but do you know what happens when you go to prison?”

I couldn't hear it exactly, but I could guess just by looking at Curtis' condition.

Nade smiled.

“Good. I was wondering where it was Aren't you confident? Then don't be silly and get out of here.”

"ha."

The evil merchants' eyes changed.

“Are you satisfied with being nice to me? Can I tell you one more thing? Even if it's dog hair, we can attack you. The higher your points, the more brutal crimes you can commit. I'll leave it to your imagination how far we can go.”

"try. If you are confident.”

When Nade raised his right hand and caused a lightning strike, the evil merchants flinched.

“Eh, a wizard?”

"okay. In real life, things that are not even a fist away. Do you understand the situation now?”

After being dazed for a moment, they burst into laughter.

“Hahaha! Wasn't this completely new? do you know where this is? Melkidoo, man.”

"so?"

Attacks between users are impossible.

“No, that’s it.”

The leader raised his hand and stepped out.

“Okay, I admit it. We also make sure to treat our customers well. Let's do this. ten million points. That's it.”

Of course, the inside was different.

'Wizard?'

The existence that sent him to prison day and night in reality.

'no wonder. I was thinking of jumping with teleportation. But you met the right person today.'

The distance narrowed a bit more.

“Okay, I lost. Then cut more from 10 million... …

Caught off guard, he suddenly twisted his body and swung his longsword wide.

Nade's bangs, which leaned back, were cut by the sharp blade, and several strands flew off.

“Hahaha! done! You are now broke... …

-warning. System Hostile Activity Detection. Guards track down Brica's team.

Even after hearing the messages sent to all the accomplices, they did not understand the situation.

"what? what is this sound?"

In the next moment, armored guards from all sides of the capital began to gather here.

"uh? uh?"

Even in the midst of confusion in my head, I was convinced that I shouldn't be here.

"hey! Bounce!”

However, the road was already blocked and the guards violently arrested them.

“Let go! Aww! Let go, you son of a bitch!”

For about a minute, Brica's team had to lie flat on the floor with handcuffs behind their backs.

“Damn it! Are you guys crazy? We've never been against the system! You attacked the user!”

Instead of answering, the guards saluted Nade.

“Loyalty! All seven criminals have been arrested.”

“Um, yes.”

When Nade put his hands behind his back and nodded, the brica team's expression changed to bewilderment.

"......uh?"

Brica shouted.

“What the hell are you doing? How are you on guard? You are a user!”

"That's why I told you, if you're not confident, get out of here."

“This bastard!”

Bricca had blood in her eyes, but her heart sank at the cold feeling of the handcuffs.

'no. At this rate, I will go to a real prison.'

They did not have the strength to break the handcuffs or the power to defeat the guards.

"sorry."

Brica begged.

“We were wrong. So just take a look, okay? I will do anything you ask me to.”

“This is Melkidu.”

Nade said with a smile.

“Whatever you do with points. You said that was all?”

Saying that, I turned to my friends, and the captain of the guard approached me and asked.

“What will they do?”

Nade swung his sword with a sharp expression on his face.

“Arrest them now!”

"yes!"

The evil merchants being dragged shouted.

“Let go! You son of a bitch! What crime have I committed! you! You are making a big mistake!”

Only Curtis, who had already experienced prison, looked at them with a compassionate gaze.

“How are my skills?”

Eden said as Nade made a V with his hands.

"you… … You seem to be enjoying yourself?”

“How are you? Anyway, it ends today. Those who believe in points and install them should be scolded.”

Curtis asked.

“Is that the item you mentioned earlier? If you have a registration certificate, you say that users can also be guards?”

"yes. once we get out of here Let me explain.”

Sirone's party ordered a late lunch at a high-end restaurant with discount coupons.

“There are so many people.”

It was booming enough to fill the spacious interior.

Curtis was probably the most hungry, but he was more interested in items.

“Hmm, if you wear this necklace, you mean it penetrates the physical barrier, right? Then we can go to the inside track.”

said Iruki.

“That’s true, but it’s over anyway, isn’t it? It would be exciting if we stayed longer in Melkidu.”

“… … It doesn't.”

Pena asked.

“But even if you persuade the king, Curtis and I are not accomplices. How do you get into the core?”

Indeed it was.

“Parme is a point transaction, so once we convince them, we redistribute them… …

As the discussion progressed, a group of people leaving the restaurant stopped walking.

“Curtis?”

Everyone turned their heads at the man's words.

"where are you?"

“Is that guy Curtis? Why is Molgol like that? He's not the kind of guy to run around.”

“That's not the problem. block the entrance. Detour around the table and grab it from behind.”

Curtis held up a fork and said as the party moved in trained motions.

"How about this? Use this item to enter the royal castle. Maybe we won't wait until tomorrow, maybe we can find some solution there. If you can steal the registration card, it means you can enter and exit the core.”

“Hmm, that’s definitely the only way… … At that moment, a shadow falls on the table

As soon as he got up, Curtis instinctively turned his head.

“Curtis!”

The moment he saw his opponent, his pupils fluttered, and the man's fist struck directly at his chin.

“Kuk!”

-warning. System Hostile Activity Detection. Guards track down Reiber's team.

"what? what is this... …

Curtis rolled on the floor and rushed toward the exit, overturning the table.

shouted the man guarding the door.

"calm down! It's over! Ugh!”

When the guards opened the door and rushed in, the man collapsed and the restaurant turned into mayhem.

“Don't miss it! catch!"

Those who had not yet been caught by the guards were driving Curtis to one side.

“Hey, Curtis. It's me, Riber. Let's talk.”

Curtis, who was looking left and right at the gradually narrowing encirclement, turned toward the wall.

He rushed with all his might, wrapped his arms around his face, and flew through the wall.

"uh?"

Those who stood there stunned were pressed down from behind by the guards.

“Loyalty! Eight criminals were arrested.” Nade approached Leiber, receiving a salute.

“Who are you?”

"shut up! Do you know what you guys have done? You missed all the suspects.”

“You are talking nonsense. Mr. Curtis is a detective.”

“We are detectives too.”

You asked with poetry while Ned was speechless.

“Why are you chasing the same detective? Mr. Curtis is working on an open case.”

“You mean Edrina?”

Riber frowned and said.

“The prime suspect in that case is Curtis. A murder suspect in the murder of four twenty-seven-year-old women.”

said Pena.

“I don’t trust people. But there are eyes to see. Although Curtis is unlucky, he is not a psycho.”

“I know what kind of guy he is. Because he is my colleague and friend. but… … I have proof.”

Sirone asked.

“Is it true that among the four, Mr. Curtis has a daughter?”

"okay."

“How did you die?”

“Hanged himself.”

“Then it would be suicide… …

“So it's an unsolved case. Curtis and I found Edrina in the basement of the lodge. The rope tied to the ceiling pipeline broke and fell to the floor.”

Nade asked.

“Isn’t that suicide?”

“The problem is, you can't die alone like that. The height of the ceiling is 4 meters. There were no objects to step on in the warehouse, and there was no structure to climb up the walls. The iron door had a manual lock and was locked from the inside. would it fly? No, Edrina was a normal person. He wasn't a wizard.”

It was strange indeed.

“I can only see that someone hung it. A broken string was supposed to be a clue, but in the end I couldn't find anything special. Actually, it's not uncommon. The struggle right before death is truly enormous, so if the tension is weak, it can break easily.”

River continued.

“Best of all, there were three more deaths besides her. We catch the strand with a murder and track down the culprit, but one day a letter arrives in front of us. A letter from the dead Edrina.”

“So you delayed the reception date.”

"okay. sent before he died It went through the International Post Office. I arrived after wandering all over the world.”

“What was written on it?”

“Just one sentence. It's not your fault.” "okay? This is not an unsolved case. Curtis must know something. But it disappeared before we could get the context. and… … It’s from Mel Kidoo.”

Iruki, who was aware of the situation to some extent, asked.

“What are you going to do, Sirone?”

“Let’s find Mr. Curtis first. will tell us If you have to go to the core.”

Nade gave the order.

“Once you get carried away. Don't send me to jail.”

"yes!"

When the guards take out the Liber team, Sirone and the others also leave the restaurant.

Pena looked around.

“Where have you been? Tracking is impossible with the Fast Recovery Pass necklace.”

"are you okay. After all, there is only one place to go.”

Eden turned his head.

“Royal.”

Sirone said.

“Mr. Curtis must have guessed that we were going to hear the truth from the detective. Since we can't be together, I'm going to try to enter the core alone."

“Is it really the culprit?”

Sirone didn't make a decision.

“First, let’s go to the royal castle. event is my

work open. Going in now could amount to systemic vandalism. You can’t be careless because you have a guard registration card.”

After infiltrating the castle, the party arrived at the Grand Hall using the Fast Recovery Pass necklace and flying magic.

Curtis, who had been captured by the knights, was on his knees.

“Mr. Curtis!”

The king turned his head.

“Heh heh, the laws of the kingdom are breaking down like this. So, are you guys also scoundrels threatening the king?”

'It's worth the bottom line.'

Sirone stepped forward.

“I am Sirone. I came to visit Your Highness because I wanted to go to Melkidu's core.”

Since the event had not yet occurred, the king would not have been able to read the letter of recommendation.

“Hmm, Sironera… …

But maybe that's why, the king raised the corner of his mouth, showing interest in a different meaning.

"What happened to the fraternity of the age to the murderer's resting place?"

"huh?"

“To meet Yahweh here. Well, if this is also fate, then it must be fate.”

Sirone's expression turned cold.

"who are you?"

Not a non-player.

"well. Wouldn’t it be better to see for yourself than explain?”

A strange noise was superimposed on the king's face, and his appearance gradually began to change.

A dark-haired man, in his 40s, but with a playful and beautiful appearance.

“Nice to meet you, Sirone.”

Sirone's eyes widened as he realized through Omega.

"Cain."

Humanity's first killer.