Electric Civilization (2)

Refugees aboard three hundred ships looked around with bewildered expressions.

“Are you alive?”

When Birdron flew in, no one expected life, but a strange phenomenon occurred.

The curtain of space shuddered, and all of the thousands of bombs exploded before I knew it.

Sirone was relieved inwardly.

'Actually, it's very tricky.' The Slate of Hand was not magic, but a technique close to a kind of trick.

It just seems to ignore even the law because the trick takes place at the quantum level.

Poine's eyes turned fierce.

'That way... …

If a magician tricks the eye, Sirone tricks cognition.

'The moment everyone in the audience is certain of the future, the mind becomes something predictable, that is, the law.'

And if it's a law, sirone can twist the events they perceive.

'The reason it's a trick though...' … This is because when people's cognition returns, the event itself regains its logical probability.

"haha."

If anyone had doubted a different future, the three hundred ships would never have disappeared.

"It's magic that risks the lives of 20,000 people." It was an instant art that took place the moment everyone's awareness was focused into a square.

“Certainly not insane.”

besides that

“What are you going to do? Will you die to me now, or will you wait until the Messiah comes?”

When Poine looked back at the pirate ship, Jakra's face wrinkled on the deck.

“Hmm.”

“Captain, what should we do?”

If the opponent was a first-class dragon, he thought that it was human duty to pretend to be worried.

“Do I need to wait?”

Electricity flowed through Jakra's eyes, and a powerful magnetic field wrapped around him in a sphere.

“Let’s go, boys!”

When the members realized their sincerity and operated the machine, the pirate ship began to turn transparent.

“Stealth? It sounds like it.” It was a high-level technique, but it wasn't something the dragon couldn't cope with.

“Aaaaaang!”

Poine folded his wings and crashed towards the pirate ship, where only a blurry boundary remained.

But what touched her teeth was salty sea water, not a pirate ship.

“Pooh!”

Poine, who was submerged in the sea, wiped off the water and looked around, when he heard a horn from afar.

“Hahaha! Here, here!”

Jakra's pirate ship, which had moved 6 kilometers before he knew it, appeared.

“Come on, lizard.”

Jakra, who was standing on the deck, waved her hands provocatively and raised her middle finger.

Perhaps some electrical energy.

“Kurrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr..”

It must be a technology that handles energy at a level that has never been created by modern humans, but... … .

“Aaaaaang!”

Poine, whose eyes had already returned, soared freely and cast a magic circle in all directions.

“Resolved.”

From the magic circle created with the power of dragon words, toxic acidic liquid spurted out with tremendous water pressure.

Jakra burst into laughter.

“Puhahaha! Do you see that, the lizard's eyes are gone?"

Pirate ships that move through space with the power of electricity were agile regardless of their size and mass.

“Captain! excuse me… …

"it's okay! Crush it! The energy gun allows maximum output! It's a lizard party today!”

“No, that's not it!”

The members covered their noses and shouted.

“My stomach is melting!” Jakra, who narrowed her eyes, looked around and saw that the entire sea nearby was dyed green.

Hundreds of thousands of fish came to mind, reminiscent of land covered with dead bodies.

The vice-captain has approached

“Why don’t you stop falling for it? This is enough to save face.”

“… … What about Rangi?”

Jakra, who turned to the Arachne sailboat, pressed his temple, and the scenery was drawn.

The battle between the Knights and the Pirates was in full swing.

“Ha ha ha! Is it too easy?”

Pirates equipped with stealth weapons decapitated the knights in an invisible place.

"damn! What can I see to fight!”

The Knights, who retreated from the deck in succession, were pushed to the entrance to the boudoir guarded by Cairns.

“Stupid things! Even so, you are a knight of Arachne!”

Once the enemies entered the boudoir, it was only a matter of time before they plundered the gold and silver treasures inside.

'No, rather than that, Rangi... …

When he thought of the only tribute that King Kalt of Dionas wanted, he suddenly realized.

'Where did you go?'

Until she was on Sirone's sailboat, Rangi was nowhere to be seen on the deck.

“Heo-eok! Huh!”

Rangi looked back as he ran through the hallway of the boudoir, lined with numerous rooms.

“Huh!”

My shins tingled when I confirmed that something shimmering like a ghost was still following me.

'No room. It's a dead end.' However, even if it ran along the road, it was just a sailboat stuck in the open sea.

“Wow!”

Rangi turned his head and fell on the spot with a dull impact on his face.

“Are you Ranghi?”

Startled, she raised her head to reveal Jakra, who had unlocked stealth mode.

“Your brother should like it.”

“Sal, please save me.”

Although Rangi had dealt with the wicked quite a bit, Jakra's eyes looking at her were not normal.

“Until I ask for something else… … . If you just follow along, nothing will happen. egg

did you?”

Rangi nodded.

“Hmm.”

Jakra, who watched her desperate expression, grabbed her by the wrist and opened the door.

“I can’t. Shall we talk for a while?”

“Kyaaak!”

Rangi struggled, but couldn't overcome Jakra's powerful strength.

'Sirone.'

A person comes to mind.

“Cheuk, very windfall today… …

In front of Jakra's eyes as he opened the door, smoke of light began to gather at high speed.

'Photon Cannon.'

When Sirone, who arrived by quantum transfer, cast a spell, Jakra's body flew backwards.

As soon as his wrists were released, Rangi sat down with his head clutched and looked behind him.

The traces of people flying through the walls of the inner room were spread out in front of my eyes.

“Rangi-san, are you okay?”

When I turned my head to the voice I heard in front of me, Sirone was holding out her hand anxiously.

“Uh, how?”

There was no way for Sirone to come out of the sealed room, not anywhere else.

“Get up at once. I'll take you to a safe place.”

As Rangi stood up holding hands, Jakra's shouts were heard through a hole in the wall.

“Like this dog… … !”

A voice continued from nearby.

“Baby!”

When Jakra appeared right in front of her and swung her fist, Sirone took Rangi and retreated.

'Space jump ability.' It was more like a mix of Flickr and Spark, but the problem was that it wasn't magic.

"Is it Mika's relic?"

Jakra raised an eyebrow.

“Heuk, why, do you want to know? Give me that woman if you want to know.”

There are no fools to negotiate with pirates.

"no? Do you really hate this? then… …

Jakra's body, which pressed down on his temple, became transparent and disappeared in an instant.

“Sir, Sirone.”

Voices echoed from all sides as Rangi embraced Sirone's arm.

"how is it? I don't know where you are Shall I cut your throat? Or the woman's wrist?”

Sirone stared fiercely at the front.

“How about wrecking a boat? If you pile up a lot of treasure under the sea, it will be popular.”

Her voice was a decoy, and Zakra kept her mouth firmly shut and held a knife behind Sirone's back.

'die.'

At that moment, Jakra's eyes widened.

'What's this?'

From the vision linked to his brain, Shiro

Your figure seemed to vibrate in several.

Random numbers counted rapidly, and indecipherable ancient characters flickered.

-Shaped level, electronic grade.

'What do you know?'

As the blade aimed at the top of his head and fell, Sirone twisted his back.

'Did you avoid it?'

Exactly, it was probabilities.

With the Photon Cannon floating in her hand, Sirone turned around and slammed it into her abdomen.

“Keugh!”

The magnetic field shield unfolds, and an incomprehensible text pops up again.

- Room is impossible. EMF limits exceeded.

'Damn it! why… … !'

Jakra, who was forced to fly through the opposite wall again, let out an annoyed cry.

“What are you talking about!”

With a thump he pierced the final wall, and the cold sea water swallowed his body.

As the sound of cool water rushed in like a squall, Sirone took Rangi's hand and led him.

“I’m leaving. The outer wall has been breached.”

“If the ship sinks, what about the treasure? There are over 20 tons of treasure loaded here.”

“It’s not even ours. Why, is it a waste?”

“… … yes."

Sirone burst into laughter.

“If we act quickly, a capsize can be prevented. The first priority is to catch Jakra.”

Mika's legacy.

'It is a civilization that uses electricity. Chances are good that it has something to do with the outside world.

When he took Rangi's hand and came out to the deck, most of the knights were dead.

Cairns showed off its color.

“A star! Us… … !”

Before he could finish his words, Sirone cast a berserk blast and sent the pirates out of the ship.

“Where is Jacques?”

On the other side of the sea, Poine was seen sinking most of the pirate ships.

'The place to return is gone. And it's a mess.'

If it was a space jump enough to jump over the sea, Rangi would no longer be here.

As if to answer the question, a scream was heard from the sailboat where Sirone lives.

"Help me! Help me!"

A wet Jakra was staggering with a knife to the middle-aged woman's throat.

'Ugh, annoying. A damn machine.'

I tried to space jump, but there was no reaction, only sparks exploded in my head.

Sirone flew into the sky.

“Give up. If you surrender obediently, I will make sure that you are judged by the law according to the due process.”

“You’re fucking.”

After dragging the woman to the edge of the deck, Jakra lowered his gaze toward the sea.

'There is no poison here.'

If you demonstrate your ability to dive, which is one of your strengths, you should be able to get out of the crisis.

“No one moves. I know how to slit a woman's throat the moment he chases me. okay?" Jacques smiled contemptuously.

‘Hey, it’s so easy, isn’t it? A person's life is a fly's life. How many hostages are there?' He climbed the railing and jumped down into the sea with the woman in his arms.

"hi?!"

Until that time when she stuck out her tongue and plunged into it, Sirone did not act.

“Gareuk! Garruk!”

The woman who was submerged in the sea struggled, but Jacques calmly went to sleep.

'Dive record 23 minutes.'

The reason why he is able to have lung capacity that exceeds human limits is because he has the ability to mimic schema.

'Normal people can't last more than three minutes. So is this woman. But that 3 minutes

not… …

You can run away from Sirone.

'What am I going to do if I hide in the deep sea? Please hold on for a long time. Let me live.'

“Garreuk! Garruk!”

The sound of bubbles popping from the woman's throat was delightful to Jakra.

“Heo-eok! Huh!”

The woman took a deep breath and shouted.

"Help me!"

"haha! stupid! Here in the sea... … Realizing the strangeness at last, Zach Ra looked around her and saw that a water barrier had spread.

"uh? uh huh?”

Only the water surface with a diameter of 200 meters was lowered endlessly, and finally reached the bottom of the deep sea.

The barrier of the sea bulged out and approached in the form of a transparent hand.

Hand of God - Elemental Hand.

A hand of liquid with deep sea fish swimming in it like an aquarium pulls the woman to the surface.

Sirone came down with her hands behind her back.

“Do you have any last words?”

“Oh, there, so… …

Jakra, who still couldn't get out of his absurd mind, raised his hands and said.

" surrender?"

A huge amount of water poured down and knocked him to the ground.