[645] Dead End (5)

When the location of Seongeum was completely transferred to Hwangryongjeon, the crumpled space unfolded and the scenery returned to its original state.

It's not a sight to see often, but the guards who have been hit a few times shouted while holding onto the handle of the sword without exception.

“Princess Mama! In order to have an audience with His Majesty, we must abide by the law!”

Seongeum didn't even blink an eye.

"It's just a daughter meeting her father."

Her Kar value was 89.2 percent.

“However, if you do this, we… … .”

As the captain of the guards approached with an expression that could not do this or that, Seongeum's hand was raised.

Ether Wave - Nagok.

As the space twisted, the guards commander's body twisted like a whirlpool and disappeared completely.

“No matter how much Mama can do magic in the Yellow Dragon Hall… … !”

Starting with that, the guards disappeared distorted by the power of Nagok.

perfect closet.

The ability of vocal sound is powerful enough to distort the plate itself on which phenomena exist.

No one could overhear their conversation because there was no room for the sound to spread.

“Father, are you afraid of me?”

“Hmm.”

The emperor of Jincheon, Jin Kang, leaned his chin on the dragon statue and raised the corner of his mouth.

He had a physique comparable to that of the men of the Royal Guard, and his thick hair and beard, and his eyes were strong enough to contain the world.

“Is there any father in the world who is afraid of his daughter?”

“If you come, why do you keep troops?”

“Voice.”

A low-pitched voice shook the Yellow Dragon Hall.

“Yes, Father.”

“The world is wide and there are many people. To win the world, you need to make everything simple. Whether you are my daughter or whatever, bowing down to the emperor is natural.”

Jin Kang asked while looking down at Seongeum, who was still standing tall.

“Do you think Jincheon will not be able to embrace the world you dream of?”

The Ivory Tower is a transnational institution, and if Seong-eum becomes a star, Jincheon will lose valuable talent.

"It's not the world's problem, it's my own problem."

Jin Kang nodded.

“It would be nice to give it some time. But don't forget Anytime, under any circumstance... … .”

Jin Kang's eyes flashed.

“Simple beats complex.”

As the space split apart, 200 guards surrounded Seongeum, and the captain of the guards standing one step ahead thrust a blade into Seongeum's throat.

“Princess Mama, obey the law. No more disrespect will be tolerated.”

When the obsession of space was broken, Seong-eum glared at Jin-gang with fierce eyes.

“I grant you permission to take the Ivory Tower test. Do you want to try hard?”

"joy!"

At the same time as the vocal sound snapped, the guards captain's blade bent like a snake and aimed at his groin.

"this… … !”

The captain of the guards, who was enraged at the rudeness shown in front of the emperor, chased after Seong-eum, but Jin-gang spoke in a low voice.

"it's okay. Just let it go.”

“But Your Majesty the Emperor! Mama's behavior a moment ago... … .”

“It’s because I don’t have iron. It will be fine, even in the ivory tower.”

It was a tower that Jincheon would break someday.

“Have fun and come, Jinkang’s daughter.”

* * *

One day before the graduation ceremony, Sirone and her friends ironed their uniforms.

It'll probably sound like a ghost, but it's comforting to think of it as one of the final hurdles to graduation.

After ironing, they sat side by side and started writing their graduation speeches to be read tomorrow.

About an hour passed like that, Nade grumbled.

“I hate writing. I fought to the death, so why do I have to do this?”

said Iruki.

“That is what life is all about. Why, there is such a saying. It's not over until it's over.”

“Mmm.”

Shirone nodded and looked back at Iruki.

“But isn’t that a word used in other contexts?”

“What do you know? I have no expectations of language.”

Sirone pulled out his head and looked at what kind of person's graduation history was.

“Let’s see. If you're crazy but have bad brains, you're an idiot, and if you're normal but have good brains, you're a scholar. If you're crazy but smart, you're a genius... … . hey what is this Are you really going to read this?”

“Puhahahaha!”

Nade stuck out his tongue and rolled his eyes open.

“There is nothing I can do. we're out of hell No matter what you say, the ghosts won't listen.”

Nade said, wiping away tears.

“Still, it’s a data we keep in the archives, so be careful.”

“You?”

Iruki read Nade's reading.

“An angel named Liz. The sun rose like a miracle on the surface of despair... … .”

"hey! Why look at other people's things!”

Sirone sighed.

“It’s not some kind of love letter, and the juniors will continue to see it in the future… … .”

“So you write. A love letter that will be recorded forever. It's romantic.”

Then there was a knock and Amy came in.

“Mr. Collie told me to gather in the music room. The school is practicing chorus.”

“Ugh, I really hate that.”

When I thought of singing in front of my juniors, my face already became hot.

When I entered the music room, all the graduates were gathered.

Lichen and Maya were also present because they had to receive a diploma even if they chose another line.

“It’s been a while, Sirone.”

Maya came over and waved her hand.

"okay. I heard that you passed. congratulations."

Although she received scouting offers from numerous performance troupes, Maya chose to audition and was finally able to sign a contract with the most famous performance agency in the kingdom.

As she produced many world-class singers, her future life would be as eventful as Sirone's.

"thank you. I heard about it too. She said she came from the ivory tower. Alas, I should have seen that.”

Maya was making fun of it, but her heart was completely different.

I heard that he was dating Amy, but the two eventually fell apart again.

Having a gap with the man you have a crush on is something that makes your heart beat even if you have already given up.

Besides, if he became famous, he would be touring many kingdoms, and just thinking about it made his heart swell.

'perhaps… … Wouldn't there be a chance for me too?'

It was something I couldn't bear to say.

How much would Amy's heart break as she was watching from the side if she gave that feeling even just a little bit?

“Okay, let’s work hard. One day we will all be famous and we will meet.”

The school chorus is the final sequence of the graduation ceremony, and some seniors suddenly shed tears, creating an indelible black history.

It's just a matter of singing for about three minutes, but Collie had a slightly different opinion.

“I’m thinking of adding Maya’s solo. I'm a singer and I'm going to become a celebrity, so it'll be a good event."

No one refused.

Maya's song is excellent, but the school song was good if it wasn't for her solo.

Following the procedure of the graduation ceremony, after an hour of rehearsal, the students went back to their lodgings and fell asleep early.

The morning of the long-awaited graduation ceremony dawned, and 10 graduates went up to the podium in the midst of parents, advanced students, and teachers.

When it was time to read the graduation speech, Iruki proudly stepped forward.

"If you're crazy but have bad brains, you're an idiot, and if you're normal but have good brains, you're called a scholar."

Sirone and Nade broke out in a cold sweat.

'I'm really doing it, that madman.'

The strange logic continued, and at the end of the graduation speech, Iruki spread his arms and shouted.

“When everyone calls me crazy, I will proudly shout: I'm crazy, and this world that says I'm crazy is crazy!”

Everyone answered in their hearts.

'It's just that you're crazy.'

Amidst the chilly silence, Iruki lowered his arms and turned around.

"That is all."

Nade got up from his chair, walked past Iruki and stood on the podium.

“You know an angel named Liz? Like a miracle to me in despair... … .”

The students did not understand the graduation speech, and the embarrassment was only up to Liz, who was sitting in the audience.

'If you don't want to write, just don't write.'

She knew how annoying it was to write a graduation speech.

“So I become the best merchant!”

Nade yelled and turned around.

"That is all."

As expected, there was no applause, and Shiina touched her head.

“Oh, just those.”

Ethella covered her mouth and laughed.

“Huh, am I good? Still, my juniors prick up their ears and listen.”

“That kind of thing has become a tradition, so shit comes out.”

Among the 10 graduates, including ordinary graduates, overemotional graduates, and self-promotional graduates, one by one, Sirone came out last.

It was a deliberate arrangement, and the effect was outstanding.

“It’s Sirone-senpai.”

The person who broke the highest record in the kingdom and is now one of the three candidates for the Ivory Tower.

I didn't know anything else, but I had to listen to Sirone's graduation speech.

“I don’t think I have any talent.”

Sirone calmly read the words.

“I don’t even think I put in more effort than others.”

The crowd instantly fell silent.

“Talent and hard work are probably invented by people who have never really aspired to anything.”

I wanted to be a wizard and I liked learning magic.

“Failure was fun because I loved it so much, and hard work wasn’t too hard.”

That's why a wizard must be someone who loves magic.

“If I hadn't been as talented as I am now, I would have ended up here. Even if you didn't have to coin the word effort, you would have polished your magic every day. Even if you don't have anything. If it’s something that people yearn for, then humans have no choice but to go there in the end.”

Sirone put down the reading and looked at her juniors.

“Do what you truly love. No talent, no effort, can beat what you love. So don't be afraid of anything and listen to your heartbeat. If you're still running fast, you'll get there eventually.”

Sirone smiled.

"That is all."

“Thank you so much! Seniors!"

When Mark jumped up and shouted, all the students stood up and clapped.

When Sirone, who looked like someone from another world, said that anyone could do it, a warm feeling surged up in her heart.

“You are a good graduate. I want to be an example to my juniors.”

Alpheas smiled softly as he listened to the teachers' conversation.

“Sirone… … .”

Watching the boy who had crossed the wall at the age of 12 become a wizard who shocked the world and gave advice to his juniors made me feel a sense of alienation.

“Lastly, there will be a graduate school choir.”

'Ah, it rains all of a sudden.'

The students lined up while fluttering their uniforms and sang a school song to the accompaniment of the music band.

If you've been listening to music for years, which is the first thing you hear upon entering school, you won't be able to tell whether it's a song or an incantation.

Nevertheless, Maya's skills were the best, and when the solo performance began, the parents also fell into her voice in a daze.

'I thought it was really childish.'

As the school song continued, the students' eyes filled with sadness.

'When this song is over... … .'

It really goes out into the world.

'You've become a wizard.'

In Sirone's head, all the events from admission to the present began to flow without exception.

I met good people and overcame many difficulties and matured.

“We are children of intellect. Alpheas Magic School, you will shine forever.”

In the end, Sirone burst into tears, and tears flowed from the eyes of the other graduates as well, as the competition was fiercer than any other year.

“We are children of intelligence.”

All students sang with one voice.

“Alpheas Magic School, will shine forever!”

The graduation ceremony is over.

---------------------------------------