[77] Return of the Archmage (4)

“Could you give me a little more detail?”

“The incident happened a week ago. The escaped prisoner is a man named Lucas, and he was the vice-captain of the parrot thieves before he was caught. The leader is currently wanted.”

"Don't you know the impression of the person who attacked Inferno other than the escaped prisoner?"

“Um, well. I've only heard rumors. I heard that you are an old man with gray hair. It seems that there were 2 seeds. They say he got the prisoners out with dark magic. What was that, I think it was something of darkness... … .”

“A power of darkness?”

"yes that's right! After all, you are a magic school teacher.”

Reina raised her voice, but THAAD did not listen. dark magic. Inferno was also attacked by an old man who casts the Power of Darkness, an advanced technology.

'no way?'

Sad shook his head.

"sorry. Let's go first.”

"yes? Ah yes."

Being polite until the end was close to instinct. In Saad's eyes, neither the party nor the beautiful woman were visible anymore.

'Damn it! Of course, when I'm on a business trip!'

He said the jailbreak was a week ago. It would have been enough time to reach Creas if he had moved from Baska without stopping.

"carriage! carriage!"

After leaving the mansion, Sade got on any carriage waiting in line. Then she opened the window of the driver's seat and shouted.

“Until Creas! ASAP!"

“Cows, guests, and carriages here are all reserved. If you are not on the list, you cannot attend... … .”

Since it was a wagon for a high-ranking official, he couldn't change his mind with a decent amount of money.

Saad searched his pockets and took out all the money he had.

"ruler! take it Are you going to go or not?”

The coachman, who counted the number of gold coins scattered on the box seat, immediately corrected his expression and prepared to depart.

“I will see you soon. Are you passing the night?”

“I need neither sleep nor rest! Please go quickly!”

The cheerful sound of horses hooves pounded the night air.

"shit! I shouldn't be late.”

Saad leaned back against the backrest and touched his forehead. I wanted to leap by moving space, but I didn't have enough lives even if I had to cast it in a row in a foreign place where I didn't know the coordinates or the environment.

The fact that I couldn't do anything made me regain my composure. As the situation was understood, this time I had questions. 

With what intention did he reappear in the world?

Sade has never met him or seen his face. However, the terrible bond he heard from Alfeas was vivid in his memory.

“Viltor Arcane… … .”

Sade's eyes stared straight ahead, burning.

* * *

After 4:00 in the morning, Canis and his party entered the training ground halfway up the mountain in Alpheas Magic School.

I had never attended a magic school, but I could see that it was a top-notch facility as a disciple of a great wizard.

A frivolous voice broke the silence.

“Whee, you built it well. You've been plastered with gold coins. How much are you going to pay for the land?”

Kanis frowned and turned his head. Lucas, a Class B wanted man, had a pair of parrot-engraved swords slung over her shoulders.

“Keep your voice down. The guards might be patrolling.”

“What are you worried about? You can't cut it off. You can bury it.”

Canis felt even worse. He was a human being who accompanied Master according to his will, but did not have a single favorite corner.

“Aren’t you mistaken? you are hired by us If there is a setback in the operation, I will not leave you alone.”

“Whoa, be scared. Kids these days are good. I met a great teacher and talked badly to adults.”

Lucas slumps down on the training ground. Kanis also suppressed his anger because he did not interfere with the operation anymore.

'The most important thing is Master's revenge. Even if I don't like it, I have no choice but to endure it.'

Lucas asked, yawning.

“Why are we waiting here anyway? You have to go down to school anyway.”

Arin expressed his disgust and said.

“Master will cast a spell. Because it's wide-area magic, we won't be safe if we get in range. He can go down first if he’s confident, but hey.”

Lucas shrugged. He was honest about wanting to avoid arcane magic.

“Hehe, don’t be too angry, little girl. Your cute face looks ugly.”

“Heh, it doesn’t matter how you look or not.”

“Shouldn’t you be dating my uncle? I can teach you something more fun than magic.”

Arin, who was blushing, couldn't stand it and was about to shout, then Kanis cut off the conversation. 

"quiet. This is the beginning.”

Canis and the others' gaze turned to the sky. Arcane was floating in the center of the moon with fly magic cast. 

Fly is a fusion magic that uses two types of air, press and blow, at the same time. First, press-type magic creates solid air pressure around it, and then blow-type magic generates wind to generate lift. Thanks to the merit of flying, it is classified as overpowered, but since the wind changes in real time, a delicate sense was essential.

As the darkness came and covered the moon, Arcane's concentrated eyes opened. Combining omniscience and omnipotence, he spread his limbs and cast Abyss Nova, the masterpiece of his life.

There was no roar or terrifying aftermath, but the sight of the dark energy covering the school was spectacular.

When the effect of Abyss Nova spread to the outskirts of the magic school disappeared, the moon appeared again and the son-in-law became brighter.

“Whoa. Whoa.”

Arcane let out a heavy breath. It was a huge magic that even he, the great wizard, had to consume 90% of his mental power.

'It must be difficult to raise for the time being.'

Arcane turned and headed for the mountain. He had a hard time even maintaining his fly magic, but his anger grew stronger. 

As long as Abyss Nova spreads, there is no one to disturb him. Besides, didn't he raise disciples in preparation for such a situation?

“Hehehe, wait, Alfeas. I will let you taste the humiliation of 40 years ago.”

The dark night passed, and a faint light was rising from the eastern foot of the mountain.

Dark Intruder (1)

It was the last day of suspension. After studying until dawn at the inn, Sirone and the others woke up long after morning. After making fun of each other for a while, they took a bath.

By the time I returned the books to the library and went to school, lunch break was over. It was class time, so the campus was quiet, and cleaners were sweeping the stone roads.

“This is the end, our vacation.”

“What about vacation? Is a suspension a vacation?”

“You had fun, though. what are you going to do now?"

Sirone turned to the inn and said.

“I’m going to go in and start tidying up the room. I have class from tomorrow, so I have to clean it up today.”

“Anyway, I need to know what to be strict about. okay. Then we'll be at the study group, so come if you're bored.”

"okay. See you later."

After parting with her friends, Sirone returned to her lodgings. While he was preparing for the recital, the room was a mess because he wasn't paying attention. He rolled up his sleeves and started cleaning, putting his class materials in order into the bookshelf, and finally shaking his hands.

A one-week suspension that came without notice.

But I did gain something. No, it was a realization beyond what I had learned so far in school.

'It's finally normal class. I hope tomorrow comes soon.'

It was only natural that my progress was delayed, and I intended to focus on my classes even if I had to reduce my study group activities for the time being.

'Nade and Iruki must be the same.'

The eyes of the friends I saw at the inn were burning with a passion for learning. It was thanks to the clear goal of being promoted to class four by the end of this semester.

At the end of each semester, Alpheas Magic School decides who will be promoted by reflecting the grades of the first half of the semester, and the cut-off was over 80 points in all subjects. It was a terrifying level of difficulty where you had to score 80 points or more in all subjects, not an average of 80 points.

Of course, it was not an impossible score, but it was true that it was difficult for any student. This is because there are bound to be weak subjects depending on individual aptitude.

Nevertheless, the educational policy of the school was firm. 

Acquisition of knowledge in all fields to a certain level or higher before entering a major.

So, if you were a graduate of a magic school, you had to see that you could use all the basic magic of each series. It was also the reason why graduates were given preferential treatment in the forefront of the magical society.

Not all current wizards graduated from magic schools. The percentage of students from non-magical schools who became disciples of wizards, gained enlightenment, or learned magic through the dark route could not be ignored.

Their strengths are that they have a lot of experience in the field and use magic suitable for practice. However, there were also disadvantages of lack of understanding of magic and low potential for development compared to those who graduated from magic schools.

Who to hire depends on the nature of the job, but it was true that graduates from magic schools had an advantage in getting a job. As such, the 80 points presented by the school was a standard considering the modern social situation.

"ha. So what? In my case, it means that you have to raise your average by at least 30 points.”

No matter what realization Sirone had, this was a school. In order to be promoted, a score of 80 or more was required.

It is not impossible if you use the framework of knowledge. In addition, if you prepare for the presentation and reinforce the knowledge you have gained while studying God Particles, your score will increase considerably.

But even considering that, I thought the probability of being promoted was about 30 percent.

'No, isn't it rather great? If it's 30% to be promoted to Class 4 in half a year.'

Sirone thought positively. Isn't that a good enough chance to try? If Nade and Iruki are promoted and only you remain in Class 5... … The thought alone was terrifying.

In addition, once you enter Class Four, you will be able to apply for the senior class. In that case, she would also keep her promise to Amy.

"omg! right! Amy!”

We never met after the presentation. At the time of her, she was so flirtatious that she didn't even think to find her. & nbsp;

'Oh, I should have said hello. I was too careless.'

Amy was a grateful friend who supported me whenever I faced a difficult challenge. She said she would be her strength this time. As she walks out of her lodgings with such thoughts, it is in Shirone's eyes that her playfulness is childish.

“Whoops! You will be surprised, right?” 

* * *

Sirone headed for her senior year with two cups of coffee in each hand. One belonged to Amy, and the other belonged to Seriel. A bitter smile appeared on her lips as she recalled the past of running Amy's coffee errands.

'At that time, I really thought the world was collapsing.'

Come to think of it, it was a bad relationship. 

Who knew that the poor girl he met in an alley at the age of twelve would now be friends with?

Sirone climbed the hill of the senior class. An arch called a steel door stood at the entrance. I didn't know it when I saw it from a distance, but it was a much bigger structure than I thought.

'This is the pinnacle of magic school.'

Passing under the structure that symbolizes the wizard's spirit, Sirone's heart somehow became solemn.

When the 6th period class ended, the seniors came out. Sirone found Amy and Seriel conversing on the central porch and shouted. 

“Amy! Amy!”

The seniors turned their heads, but Amy and Seriel were still engrossed in the conversation as if they hadn't heard. Then, Sirone, who was playful, went behind her and held out coffee in front of Amy's eyes.

"Voila! Surprise!”

Amy opened her eyes wide in surprise. Sirone gave her coffee to Seriel with her big smile.

“Here, I also have seniors. Eat this and cheer up!”

Seriel tilted her head. Amy blinked her eyes as well, and she said with a frown.

“What are you? Who is giving us coffee?”

---------------------------------------