[265] Kazura Kingdom (2)

Even after arriving at school, Sirone and Reina walked to the dorm while talking.

Sirone's face turned red at Reina's joke. Then Reina laughed because she was cute again.

The male students looked at Sirone with envious eyes.

Reina has a beautiful appearance, but she is a famous pianist who can be said to be the idol of nobles.

Since such a person was walking arm in arm with Sirone, Sirone's status seemed high.

Amy and Seriel stopped in their tracks when they saw the two of them walking side by side to the dorm.

They were also on their way to the inn to meet Sirone, but when they saw the two friendly people, they couldn't bear to say hello.

Amy knows that Raina is Lian's older sister. However, the atmosphere was different from three days ago.

At first, they were face-to-face, but now they couldn't get close enough to walk skin-to-skin.

Seriel made a fuss and patted Amy on the shoulder.

“Oh my, my! Amy, can you see that? Are the two of you really not related?”

“How do I know that? Since she's Rian's older sister, they must be close. Wouldn’t she have lived with her when she was a butler before?”

“No, it wasn’t like that. I found out, during the 1 year and 6 months that Sirone was the rank butler of the Ogent family, Reina was apprenticed to a famous pianist and was in class. There was no time to be intimate with each other. But getting closer in such a short amount of time... … no way?"

Amy pushed Seriel on the back.

“Ah, okay. Go ahead.”

Seeing that they went through background investigations, it seemed that they were quite curious about the relationship between the two.

Amy wasn't happy either. But now, since Shirone's work was important, he suppressed her emotions and followed her.

Women are not allowed in the men's dormitory, but the day Sirone left was an exception. The event that the first prince of Kazra Kingdom could be born had a ripple effect enough to nullify the school rules.

The Ogent family carriage was waiting in front of the dormitory.

The teachers who were talking at the entrance nodded lightly when Amy and Seriel greeted them and continued their conversation.

Before reaching Sirone's room, Reina's laughter was heard from inside. Amy felt her heart throb, but she struggled to look away and moved on.

Upon arriving at the room, Iruki and Nade were giggling, while Sirone and Reina were dancing and hugging each other.

It seemed that he was teaching them how to dance in preparation for a ball to be held at the royal castle. If she thinks that's all she is, then Amy sees her blushing Shirone, and she strangely twists her insides.

Sirone's dance moves were awkward.

Of course, it doesn't make sense that the kingdom's greatest aspiring wizard doesn't have motor nerves. It was clear that his body stiffened at Reina's friendly gaze.

"uh? Eh, Amy.”

Sirone saw Amy enter and hurriedly escaped from Reina's arms.

Amy went into the room unbeknownst to her. She even saw the idiot combination of Nade and Iruki gulping her down, but she neatly ignored it.

Reina smiled and raised her hand.

“Oh, Amy, you’re here. hi?"

Amy bowed in a formal but polite way.

"hello. Is today the departure day?”

"huh. I was practicing with Sirone for the last time. Surprisingly, I am not good at dancing.”

Sirone shook her hand as if it were unfair.

"no. It's so tense... … !”

Reina covered her mouth and laughed.

“Ho-ho-ho! nervous? Could it be that you practiced with me?”

As Sirone was speechless and hesitant, Amy's medicine spiked.

Even if it's a fake relationship, it's definitely a lover relationship. Since he said that to Reina as well, it was normal for her to notice even formally.

Still, Sirone clung to Reina and did not know that she would fall.

It seems that the two of them have a special sympathy, but I didn't know what it was, and I didn't want to know.

Amy stopped thinking and asked Sirone.

“Are you ready?”

"huh. But I'm worried. I think I will make a mistake.”

“What is there to worry about? Minor mistakes will be overlooked with a smile.”

For a brief moment, Amy caught the tension passing by Sirone's eyes.

I thought his head was stiff because he was distracted by Reina, but he seemed to be feeling it to some extent.

On the surface, it's the biological parents looking for their children, but if you think deeply, there are definitely a lot of strange corners.

Reina patted Sirone on the shoulder to reassure him.

"It will be fine. As long as the Kazura Kingdom announced it, there wouldn't be any danger. Compared to Tormia, Kazura isn't particularly strong, and our family doesn't sit idle.”

Just talking about it made me feel uneasy.

Reina is accurate in her senses, well versed in the kingdom's situation, and well aware of the dynamics between the royal family and the nobility. 

If she took responsibility and led them, nothing particularly strange would happen.

"yes. I will only trust you.”

When Sirone replied with a smile, Reina also patted Sirone's hair with a happy face.

Then, as if thinking about it, I looked back at Amy. As expected, she didn't like her complexion.

'I'm a little sorry.'

During the three-day preparation period, Reina meticulously checked the people around Sirone.

Overall, I had a good friendship with my friends, and Iruki and Nade in particular would become good companions in Sirone's life from now on.

The problem was the relationship between Sirone and Amy.

Mouth says they're lovers, but listening to the conversation, it's absolutely not the case.

Between lovers, a unique intimacy is bound to emerge. However, Sirone and Amy did not have that unique feeling.

Even so, she has been pretending to be a fake lover for a year.

Unless you are capable of walking on a tightrope of emotion, you usually have to appear in one of two situations, either torn or stuck.

Rayna had seen countless cases where time passed in this way and they remained common friends.

In the end, from her point of view, the two had nothing to do with each other.

Of course, it was clear that there was room for it to burn hot at any time, but given the personalities of the two, the probability of that was extremely low.

My mouth was itchy from the frustration, but when I thought that they were really coming true, I was so angry that I ran away from wanting to help.

Reina realized that this was also a form of jealousy, but she created a suspension of thought by saying that if there were no competitors, there was no point in worrying about it.

'Whoa, come to think of it, I'm not in a position to talk to anyone either.'

Reina checked the time and said to Sirone.

“Then let’s set off. We have to leave quickly to bring our parents.”

Amy intervened.

"Wait. Please let me talk to Sirone.”

"huh? go down and do it It takes time to maintain the wagon anyway.”

I know the situation is not easy. However, Amy had an answer she absolutely needed to hear from Sirone.

“It will take a while.”

Amy was reluctant and asked for a short time. Reina blinked her eyes and said she couldn't.

"Then I'll go down first and get ready. Sirone, come down after the talk.”

When Reina left, Nade and Iruki politely greeted each other. 

I don't know what kind of foxy thing he did, but it seemed that the three foolish musketeers were completely in love with her.

Amy responded with a snort and drove everyone except Sirone out.

Sirone, who had packed clothes in her backpack, turned around with one backpack strap over her shoulder.

“I’ll be back, Amy. I am preparing well for the exam.”

Amy sighed and got to the point.

“It must be something. You know.”

Sirone smiled bitterly.

“It is, but… … I don't want to think. I also get the feeling that if they are really my real parents, I shouldn't be thinking that way.”

I could understand Sirone's feelings. Everyone focuses on the first prince of the Kazura kingdom, but for him, it was a journey to meet his bloodline.

Even real parents were a problem. they abandoned their children He carved an incurable wound into Sirone's chest.

“Are you really going to be okay?”

"I don't know. nothing now. You'll know when you go, what I'll think. But I don't want to make any judgments yet.”

Sadness and anxiety appeared on Sirone's face at the same time. Amy, who had been watching her, summoned her courage to speak out for her.

“Shall I go with you?”

"huh? What are you talking about?"

“If I go with you, it will be much more helpful. After all, there are no classes anymore.”

Sirone was heartbroken, but shook his head. She couldn't deprive Amy of her most important period of her life with her own greed.

"are you okay. Because I have Reina noona.”

Sirone felt a chill in Amy's eyes and was startled. Fortunately, that feeling quickly went away, but there was a thorn in her words for some reason.

"OK got it. Let's go now. That Reina noona will wait for you.”

Amy left the room without looking back. Sirone was still bewildered, but her own situation was disturbing and she did not have time to look deeply into her heart.

Outside the dormitory, Reina was holding a file folder and checking the carriage's luggage one by one.

Syrone said goodbye as she was greeted by her friends. It was a schedule of about 10 days at the longest, but for some reason it felt like the last time.

said Nade.

“Way to go. When you become king, you must buy extra-large cream bread from the canteen.”

"haha! okay. But when I come back, it will be vacation.”

Reina happily looked at Sirone talking with her friends.

Like Ryan, Sirone has changed a lot in a year.

Above all, the case of defeating Dante, who was the best in the kingdom, was a great source of pride for the Ogent family.

Ryan's eyes weren't wrong.

And your own eyes too.

As Reina gazed at Sirone with affectionate feelings, Seriel became the embodiment of anger and clenched her fists.

“Sirone, I am really disappointed. In this case, you have to draw a line so that the man breaks.”

Seriel, who turned to Amy as if seeking consent, was startled.

Amy, who hadn't taken it seriously until now, raised her ax eye and glared at Reina.

“Seriel, I’ll be back.”

Seriel's face turned pale. Of course, that kind of talk came and went, but I didn't really know how to make a decision.

“Amy, are you sure?”

Seriel's eyes soon turned to worry.

In the next fortnight, the graduation exam will be held. It was a situation where there was no time to worry about anything else.

"are you okay. Classes are over anyway, so I'm going to go on an overseas trip to change my mood."

Seriel knew better than anyone that it wasn't true.

On the other hand, I was envious of Amy who could throw everything she had in this situation.

If you decide to go anyway, you will have to send it as hard as you can. not to look back. so that no regrets remain.

Seriel pushed Amy on the back and said.

“Go out. My sister will allow it.”

Amy added hastily.

“Yeah, but it’s not because I’m worried about Reina-san! I'm just worried about Sirone... … .”

“Ho-ho-ho! okay! Who says what? Go and flatten the bridge of my nose!”

Supported by Seriel, Amy walked to the carriage. 

Then, Sirone, who was just getting ready to ride, turned around and said goodbye.

“Amy, fighting! You must pass. I'll do well too.”

“Can you get out of the way?”

"huh?"

Sirone did not understand. Then she said, waving her hand beside her as if Amy was annoyed.

“Vicky. Lady First, don’t you know?”

After pushing Sirone and getting on the carriage, Reina made an absurd expression. Either way, Amy hunched her back and entered.

"hello. I wish you well on the way.”

“Oh, where are you going?”

Reina, whose medicine had risen tightly, knew it but pretended not to know it. She wouldn't change anything anyway, but it was because she didn't want to admit this situation with her own mouth.

“Yes, it was because I was sent alone. It looks like I have to take care of it.”

Sirone opened the carriage door and pushed his face in.

“Amy! What happened? Are you really going?”

“So you got on. sit down quickly I mean, there is no time.”

Reina's insides became hot like a furnace.

Karmis Amy.

From what I've watched for a few days, it was fun to tease her because she's cautious in everything, but now she's hot-tempered, just like Bonnie Lian.

I regretted that I had lit a useless torch, but the water had already been spilled.

---------------------------------------