[549] Code Decomposition (2)

You have no choice but to choose between left and right.

The reason why I couldn't catch it even with a monstrous sense was because Lian's movement was exactly divided into two halves.

It is a movement that is absolutely impossible without borrowing the power of the law to exist only with an exact 50% probability whether it is left or right.

And that movement pushed Bak-nyeo into a life-and-death gamble.

'left!'

As soon as the traces of the ground exploding approached, Park Nyeo turned around and raised her sword.

With a bang, Lian's greatsword plunged.

There was no time to gauge the power of the sword, so Bak-nyeo blew her body immediately upon impact to increase the distance.

“Big!”

Lian's body staggered as he swung the greatsword wide.

Then there was a terrifying sound as the femoral and calf muscles ruptured.

The pain was intense on the remaining nerves, but Park Nyeo was also in a state of disinterest.

'Blocked. Did you stop it?'

He was able to block Lian's sword by turning his body to the left, but he left it to chance with an honest heart.

The decision that it was better to believe in the 50 percent probability and act than to hesitate in the face of a crisis showed how disciplined she was as a prosecutor.

But if you think about it backwards.

'I almost died.'

50 percent chance.

He, who had lived for more than 10,000 years, was almost cut by the sword of someone who had not even lived for 20 years.

Even the lingering feelings of life are yakcha, which are emotions from the distant past, but the humiliation was as great as that.

'Cut it!'

Bak-nyeo exploded her nirvana power to the limit and ran to Lian.

'I just need to be careful with that.'

The power when Denai combined with super regeneration was stronger than any axing, so I didn't even give myself a chance to fly from the beginning.

Rian, who confronted him, blocked the attack by moving his arm, which was only bone, with the power of the law.

If Baknyeo is an acceleration, Rian is an orderly speed.

The difference between technology and experience is absolute, but he was enduring it by filling the gap with the superiority of speed.

“Rian… … .”

Sirone, who was watching the battle in awe, murmured.

“You’ve gotten stronger.”

It's a mess of mixed memories, but watching Lian's miserably beautiful inaction made me feel joy from deep inside.

“The Archon.”

At that moment, Sirone's heart sank.

The reason you can tell just by hearing the voice is because the wave of death is deeply buried.

Where he turned his head, the smoke of desire escaped and the exhausted yoga was sitting on its knees.

"yo. this… … .”

“Arson, the colony’s sun… … .”

Before he could finish his words, Fermi's aircut decapitated Yo.

"yo. this!"

Sirone's heart pounded wildly.

She was a woman with an expression as if she had the whole world in one shining magic.

Even though he was a slave, he was the first person to trust and follow Sirone.

'They're all dead.'

The corpses of the guardians were piled up under the pyramid, and the combination of Fermi and Marsha was coming up behind them.

“The Archon.”

Sirone, who had to hear what he didn't want to hear, cursed that he had ears, but his head was forced back.

Priest Bebeto was smiling benignly.

“The Archon is the one who has the language of God. That is why I also suggested a confrontation.”

Thanks to this, Sirone was able to save his life.

“Please, make the world a better place.”

"no!"

The moment Sirone shouted, Bebeto connected the cord and disappeared.

Appearing in front of Fermi and Marsha, all he can do is buy time by using his body as a meat shield.

Sirone watched as Bebeto was being hacked to pieces by the dagger in her hair.

Please make a better world.

Someone did it, and Bebeto did it.

Even if all of this is a lie, can even their suffering be a lie?

-It can be reversed, human.

As Digital Ra's voice penetrated, Sirone looked down at her feet.

Before he knew it, a new slime was riding up on him.

“Can you turn it back?”

-You can save them. You can get rid of all the pain in the world.

Slime rose to her waist.

- Accept me. It is to become a god and remake this world.

“Rian… … .”

Lian, who was still struggling with Park Nyeo, seemed to be telling her not to do that with her whole body.

"Sorry."

Sirone calmly closed her eyes and accepted Digital Ra.

“Huh!”

As the combination ended, the immortal function opened, and the incarnation born from Sirone's body spread its wings of light.

As if flying toward the sun, Mucus pushed Syrone up above the pyramid.

"it started!"

Shura, who was fighting the maze to the death, opened her eyes wide and looked around the pyramid.

Everyone looked up at the sky as a light stronger than the sun settled down on the ground.

Sirone and Ra became one and took control of Apocalypse's time and space.

"iced coffee."

Human agony seen through Digital Ra was a combination of numerous random numbers.

War, starvation, torture, and all kinds of suffering imaginable were unfolding in that union.

-What are you looking at?

A voice I heard somewhere.

Gaia's voice came up from the bottom of my memory and stuck in my mind.

'pain.'

-What are you looking at?

'death. The extinction of life.'

-What are you looking at!

Sirone's eyes widened.

'eventuality!'

As the Ultima system, Elysion, was activated, another voice engraved in the farthest history of mankind reached Sirone.

-What are you looking at at the ultimate end?

Sirone replied:

“… … ball (color immediately ball ball instant color).”

Cuckoo Cuckoo!

As the world shook, Shura activated the pyramid.

'Show me what you have.'

Miro also needed to know what Sirone's collateral was, which made the equivalent exchange of Valhalla actions possible.

'Yeah, what the hell happened?'

The world turned into a digital code and began to fall.

It is natural for Under Coder to have unique codes and numbers dripping down like rain, but what was surprising was what came next.

'The code is being simplified.'

Inherent codes, that is, those that consisted of infinite bases, were simplified and dropped past billions to decimals.

'Five digits. ternary number. binary number.'

Shura, who had analyzed that far, opened her mouth blankly as she felt her head turn pale.

“Decimal 1… … .”

one.

All codes were converted to 1.

Even with binary numbers, Shura was able to estimate the information of the sun and the information of the clouds, but now it was impossible.

Even if the sun's information is 11 and the cloud's information is 111, there is no way to divide the two at 11111.

'There are no boundaries. this is it... … .'

It was the Gaian insight, Elysion.

Further, Miro realized.

'Because it's the simplest, you can reach the ultimate.'

And beyond that is only the infinite realm.

Elysion was the only key to open the locked door and escape.

The corpses of the guardians and the corpses of the underground people were buried in the huge flow of 1, and Shura, who came to her senses, threw herself at Bak-nyeo.

'The ball is rolling in!'

Even if the world ended, she pulled the back of Park Nyeo, who was fighting, and she shouted while avoiding Lian's sword.

“I have to get out! Reset!”

"wait! Still winning... … !”

Shura disassembled her and Baknyeo's bodies into Code 1 to conform to Sirone's protocol.

Rian looked at the collection of 1s that permeated the cascade of codes and went up as if flowing backwards.

As if it were an optical illusion, the boundary line was visible for a moment, but it was soon indistinguishable from other codes.

Meanwhile, Sirone was still looking beyond the ultimate in the dark space of the Small World Creation.

“Why are you leaving!”

Mucus Man appeared behind Sirone.

When she couldn't connect with Sirone even with a digital signal, she borrowed a human form and chased after her.

But he couldn't touch Sirone.

It was a distance of less than 1 meter, but it was the boundary of the ball that Ra could never cross.

“Have you forgotten the value of this world! Can you leave after seeing so many pains and entanglements in life?”

“There is no lie or truth.”

Sirone turned around and said.

“It’s just a dream that came out of nothing.”

After those words, Sirone slowly turned around and walked away into the darkness.

“Wait, Sirone! You are obligated to answer me. How... … !”

Ra couldn't hold on to Sirone.

That was the gap between the closed state and the open state, farther than the end of the universe.

“Sirone!”

Apocalypse Reset.

Syrone expunged (leaving the intelligence system).

* * *

“What happened?”

After the code disappeared, Miro and the others remained alone in the pale empty space.

As Marsha and Fermi looked around, the exhausted Lian sat down.

Only the maze knew it was the spot.

“Rian.”

When Sirone appeared after cutting through the white scenery, Lian rushed forward with her aching body.

“Sirone, you… … .”

"okay. everything came to mind Sorry for worrying you.”

Ryan bit his lip.

The fact that everything came to mind meant that even Sirone herself was just information.

"Sorry. But to save you... … .”

"Rian, I'm fine."

Sirone was sincere.

“Thank you for coming all the way here to save me.”

Sirone turned to the others.

“Mr. Miro, Sister Marsha, thank you. Fermi, you too.”

The fact that Fermi didn't have the slightest hint of animosity made me guess what Sirone's current condition was.

“Well, you don’t have to do that to me either.”

Fermi shrugged and approached, embodying a depreciation transaction contract in his right hand.

"I'd like you to sign it first."

Sirone looked at the contract, but nothing caught her eye.

Upon receiving the pen, Sirone engraved her name on it.

“Is it done now?”

Fermi turned around without even replying.

His shoulders trembled slightly as he stared at the contract and walked to a place where others couldn't see.

'Cheuk, heck, heck.'

The counterfeiting was successful only when the signature was handed over to reality, but Fermi's face was already triumphantly smiling grotesquely.

'Finally got it! 190 billion gold!'

Sirone, who was looking at Fermi's back, smiled empty yet beautiful.

I wish I didn't bother myself too much in real life, but it didn't matter anymore.

“Then, hello everyone.”

“Sirone, wait a minute!”

Before Lian's cry was over, the scenery changed to the Mirror Room, where the Undercoder's last entrance was.

“Sirone… … .”

Miro came over and put his hand on Lian's shoulder.

“Don’t be sad. It was a natural thing for Sirone now. The real problem is the real Sirone.”

“What do you mean?”

“The Ultima system integrates all information into one. Therefore, Sirone's Elysion has no boundaries. In other words, there is a possibility of controlling immortal functions to the limit.”

Fermi's impression crumpled.

He was a difficult opponent before he went to heaven, but now he has more trouble.

“I don’t know what it is, but it means that Sirone is getting stronger. Isn't that a good thing?”

Miro shook his head.

"no. Elysion is a double-edged sword. There is nothing beyond the ultimate. Predictably, it won't be something that humans can endure. Is there a possibility that Sirone will return to reality with that futility in front?”

Ryan's face darkened.

“But that… … .”

"I know. The world of Apocalypse cannot exceed the limits of human thinking. So I can't guarantee that it will be possible in real life. But if a situation like today happens again... … .”

Miro hesitated for a moment before opening his mouth.

“Sirone will never come back.”

---------------------------------------