[655] Air of Life (4)

'What else is this guy?'

Lian was perplexed when he encountered two strong men in an underground waterway where the smell of rotting corpses vibrated.

On the other hand, Rufist noticed a man standing like a corpse with a dagger in his finger.

'The rapid-fire sword Chagall.'

Even the life that an ordinary person would not have enough to suffocate from, to him, was the thrilling taste of stimulating junk food.

“Sniff sniff. sniff sniff.”

Rufist, who even confirmed the habit of groping the opponent with his sense of smell, was convinced of the identity of the opponent, and only then looked back at Lian.

“What is your name?”

“Rian. It is August Lian.”

Mach's Knight.

His skills would be basic enough to reach the ears of the head of the Magic Association, but it was unexpected that he was breathing against Chagall.

“So who are you?”

"me? The head of the Magic Association.”

Rufist said it insignificantly, and understood it only after examining the dozens of scars on Rian's body.

“You have good recovery. Is it a play build?”

“No, what… … .”

It was Lian who did not want to talk about not being able to schema even if he died.

“Anyway, I was lucky. After all, I've endured this far against the world's 100 most dangerous people.”

“The World’s 100 Most Dangerous People?”

I had heard it several times during my training as a knight, but it was the first time I had actually seen it.

But what struck me more than that was the first words, “I was lucky.”

“You mean I survived by luck?”

Rufist approached Chagall, putting off an answer.

“Really, did you change your weapon? There's nothing better than this to hide your identity... … .”

If you reach a certain level of skill, even murder is sublimated to the level of art, so you can identify the culprit just by looking at the corpse.

Some call this the fingerprint of a murderer, but in the end Chagall erased his own fingerprint.

“You changed your weapon?”

“Rapid sword Chagall. He handles dozens of daggers simultaneously with bizarrely quick hand movements. Schema said something... … Was it a technique called grounding?”

If folding doubled the efficiency by folding the human body diagram, folding was a technique of strengthening a part of the body by folding a part.

“Hmph, just to the extent of changing weapons… … ."

“And Chagall of the rapid-fire sword is a master of stabbing.”

Lian remembered that all the scars on his body were cuts.

“The corpse of a sub-species dumped in the waterway, you did it, right? There was no point in being clumsy. So it hasn't been caught yet."

Sirone even said it was a trace of torture.

“Did you come to catch me?”

Chagall was the first to speak.

Of course, Rufist had the authority to arrest Chagall, and as a wizard belonging to the Association, he had the duty to do so.

However, the reason he left the main gate and entered the canal was because he had a more important matter than that.

“It's surprising that you're the 'gatekeeper of the canal' you hired recently, but I'm out of business right now. Guide Brooks.”

Then, splashing in the water, Sirone came running.

“Rian! are you okay?"

“Well, as you can see.”

After confirming that Lian was safe, Sirone raised her ax eye and walked towards Chagall.

"Hey! what the hell are you... … !”

However, in the end, he found a man standing next to Lian and put on a blank expression.

“The president of the association?”

“Whoa, who is this? Aren’t you a traitor to Tormia?”

There was no way he didn't know that Sirone had left the red line after being selected as a candidate for the Ivory Tower.

However, it was more of a joke than a mockery because it was the kingdom that splashed the dung in the end.

A sharp voice came from behind Sirone.

“The head of the Magic Association in a place that stinks, hehe. This is a person who is trembling.”

Brooks' smiling face hovered like a ghost next to Arya holding a torch.

* * *

Chagall sat at the iron gate of the underground water canal dripping with water and was immersed in thought as he sharpened a cheap kitchen knife.

'La Enemy.'

Killing countless lives, there was never a time when I wasn't convinced of the pleasure of killing.

Unlike most murders out of necessity, murderers kill for pleasure.

Then you realize that the pleasure is so intense that you can't live without tasting it even for a day.

Just as it is not a sin for a beast to hunt for food, it is not a sin for a murderer to kill a person.

Murder is prohibited by law in any country, but what Chagall feared was God's judgment, not human rule.

To him, Ra Enemy was a special being who taught him the fear of murder for the first time.

As if his tongue had been cut off, like impotence, killing had ceased to be enjoyable after meeting him.

"kill. certainly."

Chagall's eyes shone eerily.

Meanwhile, Sirone and the others follow Brooks to the meeting room.

On the way, Lufist revealed the identity of Chagall, but Brooks only shrugged.

"is it so? When you do this job, all sorts of guys will come in.”

That was the end of the impression, and when we arrived at the door of the conference room, Arya hung a torch on the wall and said.

“I will go first. I'm tired.”

“It’s okay, don’t you have to walk away?”

“You seem busy, but do something. Sirone, see you next time.”

Arya pointed at Sirone and said.

"Ah yes. Go carefully.”

It seemed that there would be nothing to do next, but Arya turned around without asking anything as if she was sure.

As she left, Rufist asked.

“Are you okay, that girl?”

“This is the Tessiya family. It's heavier than my subordinates, so hold on to your worries.”

Brooks, who was boastful, opened the door and went in, but Sirone stopped and said.

“Hey, we want to stop too. If you write a confirmation that you have completed the request... … .”

"Oh right. Right."

It was Sirone who followed only for that.

“You are here too.”

Rian's expression crumpled when Rufist said it clearly.

I don't know if he's the president of the association or not, but he's no longer the type to give orders to Sirone.

I didn't like the tone of saying that I was lucky from the first time we met, so I was going to say something, but Sirone came out first.

“Sorry, but I’m busy. Besides, I am no longer a wizard belonging to the Red Line.”

Lufist laughed.

“I heard that it ended smoothly, but there is a lot of backlash.”

“I’m human too, and I can’t help but feel hurt.”

“Yes, I apologize for the judgment of the kingdom. Anyway, it's good that you have a corner to get dirty too. I am not unfamiliar with the association staff.”

“It is, but… … .”

I wanted to finish the guild work quickly before rumors spread that I had annihilated the thieves.

“And perhaps, what I am about to tell you has nothing to do with testing your ivory tower.”

“What do you mean?”

Rufist erased his smile and said.

“I’m not looking for La Enemy in the Ivory Tower for nothing. Currently, all institutions around the world are looking for La Enemy. Of course, the same goes for the Tormia Magic Association.”

While Sirone stared blankly at him, Lufist pointed at the conference room with his thumb.

“How about it, are you willing to listen now?”

There was nothing to say, and so the four of them pushed themselves into a closed room where no sound leaked out.

Brooks passed the bottle and four glasses and sat down at the table.

“Why did the president of the association ask to see me in secret?”

“It’s not even going to be covert. Anyway, are there any other reasons you're looking for a mercenary broker? I want to hire mercenaries.”

“A mercenary. There will be no mercenary who can match the castle of someone who has the best wizards in the kingdom. I wonder if it's Chagall.”

“It would be good to include him. Skill isn't the problem. Because it is a difficult matter to move in the name of the association.”

Brooks snapped the cap off the bottle.

“Cheuk, the association of the world buys itself? I'm curious. What are you up to?”

“Closing Radum, the shadow of Baska.”

Brooks, who stopped pouring alcohol for Rufist, hurriedly took the bottle away so as not to show his trembling fingers.

But as if he already knew everything, Lufist glared at Brooks and raised his lips.

“According to my information network, I know that the head of Radum's largest sub-species union 'Spectrum' is being held here?”

“What do you mean… … .”

“On the way here, I saw 14 sub-species corpses. Of course, I also checked the bone fragment tattoo on the right upper arm bone. Do you think it's strange that people who should be stuck in Radum keep flowing here?”

Brooks, realizing he had no choice but to make a deal, sat down.

“What do you want?”

“Head of Spectrum, hand over Venice to us.”

“Isn't the kingdom inviolable internally? You know what will happen if 'Spectrum' finds out about the association's involvement?”

All of Radum's terrorist groups would turn Baska into a mess.

“That's why we need mercenaries. Officially, the Association does not move. I will form a private organization and annihilate them.”

"why? Haven't you been doing well so far?"

“It was like that until now. But this time it's not just the kingdom's circumstances.”

When Brooks made a face of incomprehension, Lufist pointed his index finger at him.

“Venice. you didn't catch That's where she came from. I'd rather risk my life.”

It was true.

“To be clear, he is not a person you will have for a long time. If you hold on to her, she will eventually destroy her and you too.”

“Who? The forces of Radum?”

"no. La Enemy.”

Sirone hurriedly turned his head.

“La Enemy? You mean that Venetian woman has something to do with Ra?”

Rufist took a deep breath as he poured a drink into his glass.

“You must know that Anchera herself erased herself and opened the Great Purifier.”

“Of course I know.”

“Empire must have been the fastest, but Tormia also quickly started looking for Ra through the information from Cage B Team. Because she wanted to get rid of it before revealing herself to the world as much as possible. But I couldn't.”

“Couldn’t you locate Ra?”

“No, rather the opposite. It was because there were too many Ra.”

As Sirone frowned, Lufist added.

“To be precise, it was like Ra exists but doesn’t exist. Countless people have witnessed Ra, talked to Ra, and even graduated from magic school. but i can't find it I kept tracking it tail after tail, but it just cycled endlessly. Do you know what this means?”

After passing the strong drink, Lufist said.

“La Enemy seems to exist only as an ‘incident’.”

“Only as an incident, does it exist?”

“When you think about it, it makes sense. Even on the human side, there are overflowing and overflowing talented people who can search for La Enemy. Even knowing that, I should have figured out quickly that there was no way I would have gone through my reincarnation without being obedient.”

“What the hell are you thinking?”

“The answer lies with Venice. She is the only tripartite with three brains that can perceive the past, present, and future separately. He redeemed himself after knowing that Ra's incident changed him. Maybe he read the future when we come here.”

“If it’s us, does that include me?”

Lufist put on a thoughtful expression.

“Sirone. You know that countries around the world are watching you. But we don't know you as much as you do. that's why i'm asking Don't you have something to point out?"

“If you’re going to pull it… … .”

Sirone opened his eyes.

“Chagall said, I met La Enemie.”

“Hmm, 'nostalgia for the incident'. It's a pretty troublesome ability, but if he said that, it's likely to be true.”

Lian also listened to Chagall, but there was still something he did not understand.

“But you don't remember. If it only exists as an event, shouldn’t the memory remain in some way even if it is invisible?”

“No, rather, this is natural. Ra can’t imprint any event on me.”

Recalling Guffin's words, Sirone spat out with conviction.

“Because I have no cause.”

---------------------------------------