[543] Forbidden Shrine (3)

“How are you here… … ?”

Sirone couldn't find the source of the words she uttered.

My memories have been brought back little by little as I have encountered numerous incidents, but this was the first time that I had a strong sense of nostalgia.

“The Archon!”

When he raised his head at the sound of Yo's scream, he was moving somewhere, buried in the slime on the wall of Yoga caught by Mucus Man.

"this!"

Sirone, who hurriedly ran to the door, bumped into three people who ran after Lian.

Some of them were familiar.

“It’s been a while, Sirone.”

As Marsha brought out her prepared remarks, another excruciating pain surged through Sirone's head.

“Keugh!”

Miro, Marsha, Fermi.

Like it or not, these are the characters who made a strong impression in reality.

'What the hell are these... … .'

New memories were born as their information naturally intertwined with Sirone's information.

descendants of fairies.

Because he is a descendant of the fairy tribe, which is only a minority in society, he can use special abilities.

"Help me! Yoga got caught! I would have gone underground!”

No one moved.

Just as no adult interferes with children's playhouse, the work here was meaningless to those in an open state.

“As expected. I'll subdue it once.”

“Fermi… … !”

Looking back at Fermi, Sirone gritted her teeth as she recalled the memories of tormenting her terribly in the fairy society.

“I don't have time to fight. If you won't help me, I'll go find Yo at least by myself."

“Either way.”

Just as the magic was about to activate, Lian said.

"okay. Let's go, Sirone."

Fermi's head jerked.

“What are you doing?”

Rian completely turned to Sirone as if ignoring him.

“I don’t know who he is, but he must be someone precious to you. Let's go get her.”

Fermi looked back at Miro and Marsha.

“Are you going to leave me alone?”

“You have no choice but to go. Because this is sirone.”

The Sirone that Marsha knew was not a person who would ignore the misfortune in front of her no matter what the cause was.

Fermi pinned his last hope on Miro, but she too warmed up and headed towards Marsha.

“Majority vote in favor.”

“Aunt, but this… … .”

“Give up this time. Do you know what kind of character Sirone is? And now I know Rian's personality.”

“There is a certain degree of frustration.”

As Miro burst into laughter and moved both hands, the incarnation of Guanyin appeared like a halo.

After a while, the huge pair of spears hit the floor.

Woo woo woo woo!

The impact was enough to shake the entire arboretum, but only the shape of the palm was imprinted on the floor.

Miro, noticing everyone's gaze, smiled awkwardly.

“Ahaha, is this building really solid?”

Sirone burst into a tantrum.

“Are you laughing now? Rather I... … !”

“Whoa, whoa, whoa.”

As Miro let out a long breath, Sirone's eyes widened.

The incarnation of Guanyin reached the ceiling of the arboretum as it became dozens of times larger than it was just a moment ago.

'Journal 一指!'

As Miro poked the floor with his index finger, Guanyin's giant fingers penetrated the building's floors one after another.

bang! bang! bang! bang! bang!

Marsha screamed and fell, followed by everyone falling to the 10th basement floor, the last floor of the facility.

Fermi grumbled, dusting himself off.

“With temper hair… … .”

Sirone couldn't take her eyes off the maze.

“Who are you?”

“Do you think it would be better to talk as we go?”

As Maze pointed toward the hallway, the slime that revealed the curves of the urine was moving rapidly toward the darkness.

"stop!"

Sirone and the others quickly jumped, but the end of the corridor was blocked by a huge glass wall.

"What's this?"

Sirone was the only one who knew the answer.

'The maglev elevator... … .'

When I put my hand on the glass wall, LED lines appeared and a rectangular panel came to mind.

Sirone placed her hand on the palm-shaped fingerprint reader, and soon the fingerprints shimmered and the glass door opened.

'As expected, my records are stored.'

It was only natural if people who would later wake up from hibernation would be able to use the facility.

As I followed Sirone into the elevator, a soft light descended from the ceiling.

“Where are you going?”

The moment Miro finished speaking, the elevator shot towards the darkness at breakneck speed.

However, it was dark, and I didn't even think that I was moving past the acceleration section.

“It must be where the Mucus control device is located.”

Before hibernation, I never thought that such a gigantic facility could be hidden underground.

'Maybe there's not just one entrance. All the basements of major institutions must have something like this installed.'

After finishing her thoughts, Sirone looked back at the party.

“What the hell happened? What happened to us?”

Having a sense of incongruity was a positive sign.

“Listen to me from now on, Sirone. It's hard to believe, but it's real. The world you live in right now... … .”

Miro looked at Sirone's reaction and said.

“It's all fake. Even you.”

Sirone was silent for a long time, but unlike his Maltese wife, he chose to listen first.

“I don’t understand what you mean.”

"good. Then I will do it again from the beginning.”

When Miro confessed everything he needed to know, even Sirone couldn't help but be shocked this time.

“Fake? All of this world?”

"okay. So you don't have to care what happens here. What you have to do is the real you... … .”

“It can’t be.”

Sirone shook her head.

"I'm not blind, so... … It really can't be.”

Miro understood Sirone's feelings.

“Perhaps. But you have to take my word for it. Descendants of fairies? no i am human Your memories and mine can't be different, right?"

"lie!"

In the end, Sirone couldn't stand it.

“The aftereffects of artificial hibernation caused confusion in my memory! Even the manager said so! If you fall into hibernation for a long time, you can do that!”

“That is also a lie. It's just an artificial memory created to permeate the information of Apocalypse naturally.”

“You want me to believe that?”

Marsha said.

“You have to believe, Sirone. Otherwise, the real you will die.”

"damn!"

Sirone twisted her body as if she didn't want to hear it and ran nervously around the elevator.

Lian approached him and said.

“Sirone, it may be difficult, but… … .”

“I will believe you.”

Sirone turned around.

“Okay, I believe you. Maybe Miro's words are true. So I believe you.”

Sirone spread her arms and looked at the four of them.

“Now, what do we do? Will something change for me? Or do I need to do something more?”

“… … .”

The real problem was this.

Even if Sirone believed Miro's words, nothing would change.

Because thinking it might be and feeling it really are are as far apart as the ends of the universe.

Whoa!

The speeding elevator slowly slowed down and suddenly plummeted down.

“Big!”

As the air pressure inside the elevator was automatically adjusted, the state of weightlessness was avoided, but the feeling of rumbling air in the stomach was terrible.

'How far is it going to fall?'

The lift did not take long to reach its destination, but I had no idea how far it was from the ground.

The glass door opened, and what they saw was a passageway covered with flickering panels and endless wires.

Awakened by the fear of falling, Sirone widened her eyes and stepped towards the aisle.

Whatever the truth, the first thing to do was to save Yo.

When I passed the place with the sign for the special quarantine area, a quiet mechanical sound leaked from the inside of the doorless door.

When Sirone floated a photon cannon in her hand and suddenly flew away, the party hurriedly followed.

"This… … ?”

Forgetting even her fighting spirit, Sirone stared at the huge object at the center of the hemispherical space.

The huge lens, 2 meters in diameter, resembled a human pupil, and thousands of wires were attached to the steel body that formed it and connected to the surrounding walls.

A single word came out of Miro's mouth spontaneously.

"la?"

Digital Ra(Local Energy Circulation System Quantum Computer).

Fermi asked.

"la? This scrap machine is that?”

“No, it is a real creature. But they are so similar.”

Fermi tried to imagine the real Ra from the digital Ra, but it was meaningless.

“Didn’t you say it was expunged?”

Information that has been erased cannot exist anywhere.

"that's right. Therefore, it is not the real Ra.”

Myth was destroyed by a boy.

"It's another god created by humans who couldn't stand the absence of a god."

As the device in Digital Ra's lens rotated, Mucus Man landed on the ceiling holding onto Yo.

"yo. this! are you okay?"

Yo's face, which was full of despair, turned bright for an instant, but Mucus Man immediately pulled her roughly.

“Who are you? Why are you here?”

Sirone took a step forward.

“What are you really? The world has already been destroyed. But why are you doing this?”

“My name is Ra. It is a humanoid model stored in the data of a quantum computer.”

Miro drew his own conclusions.

'Is it like an incarnation?'

“Actually, it doesn't matter what it's called. I am a program that purifies the world based on solar energy. It is said that Ra is the god of the monotheistic religion that ancient humans believed in.”

“It is unacceptable for computers with any capabilities to attack humans.”

“It is nothing more than a link in the cycle anyway. Annihilating a life is no different from creating another life.”

“That's what you can say because you have no life. Have you ever mourned someone's death?"

“Humans also rejoice over someone’s death.”

Sirone bit off his teeth.

If artificial intelligence could change its way of thinking into words, the world wouldn't have collapsed like this.

'I have no choice but to fight. But I'm caught up in yoga... … .'

While Sirone was in trouble, Marsha moved towards Ra.

“No matter what. If you need a human, how about me instead?”

“Marsha?”

When Sirone turned around, she closed one eye.

'If only I could stab the dagger of the immoral man... … .'

As Ra's arms stretched out and grabbed Marsha's neck and pulled her, Yoro exclaimed as if it were absurd.

"it's crazy? Taking hostages!”

"okay. I guess so.”

Marsha's expression suddenly turned cold, and she took out a dagger from her left hand.

As she poked Ra's side, her eyes twinkled as she confirmed that black smoke was pouring out.

'It works! If this... … !'

Marsha continued stabbing the dagger frantically, and stared at the smoke escaping from her body without even responding.

"What is this?"

Only then did Marsha realize the strangeness and stop attacking.

"this… … !”

The scabbard sheath made by eating out of the regulations was healing on its own.

“You are transforming information.”

The backup capabilities of quantum computers have exceeded human imagination.

“I will analyze your data.”

The slime of a beast resembling a leopard protruded from the mucus on the wall and attacked Marsha.

It was a model for a specific creature that Ra digested before it perished.

“It's dangerous!”

Sirone unknowingly threw herself into a hug and rolled on the floor.

“Sirone… … ?”

Sirone's pupils shook as he met Marsha's.

- You can hug me.

“Aaaaaang!”

As the beast stretched out its hind legs and flew in, Sirone held out his hand with a surprised expression.

"Dangerous!"

Just when Lian was about to rush and shout.

thud! thud! thud! thud!

Ra's head turned quickly as the sound of crashing came from far away in the underground facility.

bang!

A sword broke through the iron wall, flew like a clothesline, pierced the beast's cheek, and was caught in Sirone's hand.

“… … Geumgang Armed Forces.”

At the same time, the blade opened wide like a spider's legs and swallowed Sirone's entire body.

---------------------------------------