Eventually human (4)

Vulcan gritted his teeth and muttered.

“This is a bit embarrassing.”

Currently, the armies of Hell were stationed in the mountains 60 kilometers from the cliffs of the Abyss.

'I never thought it would be that powerful.'

As Harvitz argued, it was not as strong as the universe to tear the veil of the universe apart.

'The definition of apostasy is the transcendence of the system.' In the end, abortion in terms of human standards only meant that they had crossed the limits of the biological world.

'But that woman is different.'

The power that destroyed the abyssal cliff was approaching the natural system beyond the biological system.

'It won't be possible from the beginning. That kind of power didn't come out when dealing with Natasha.'

what mechanism is it?

'Gwangwang banjo. anger. special law... … While I was analyzing the mechanism of Son Yu-jeong, there was a commotion on the side where Havitz was.

"your majesty! Calm down!” Havitz, who was kneeling on the ground, was smiling eerily as he strained his ten fingers.

"dare… … Destroy Shiok?”

Every time the purple smoke rising from his body shook like a haze, the demons suffered.

“Big!”

kind of chaos.

If they were all united, they would become the incarnation of Satan, but they were in a state of rage to the point where they couldn't keep their form.

'It's the first time Havitz makes such a face. why? Is prison really that important?'

Only Havitz knew exactly which of the 12 apostles stayed at 0.666 seconds.

“Fix it, Satan.”

The woman said as she passed in front of Vulcan.

He was less than 150 cm tall, with pitch-black hair and a pale face.

The pupils in his unusually large eyes gave off a sense of madness, even though he couldn't find anything special.

“Paimon.”

Paimon, commander of the 9th corps, is the cause of a hospital in the demon world.

Originally, he served as a soldier in the army of hell, but now he was deprived of his position as general commander by the Balkans.

'Am I still jealous?'

The reason Havitz started talking even though he was far away was because he was conscious of Balkan.

'I can't help it this time, but.'

If it wasn't for Paimon's ability, the scale of the damage caused by the earthquake would have been much greater.

Raising the corner of her mouth towards the Balkan, she spread her fingers like a flower bud opening.

“Eating out ban (BAN).”

It was the ability to isolate a specific space and then absorb the motility of those trapped there.

'Definitely convenient for strategists.' Except for being brutal.

'By isolating 6 million of the demon army, I moved the remaining troops 60 kilometers at the same time.'

It was she who had previously minimized the infection of Minerva's magical walking dead.

“I can tell what you want to say just by looking at your expression. However, it is a theory created by humans, and it is an ability.”

Paimon's smile was convex.

“Yeah, that’s right. I mean, a small hair on a weak subject is awesome. Eating out is quite fun.”

Only insane humans can become law eaters, but it didn't really matter to the demons.

It was outside the rules in that he had already given up 6 million allies without hesitation.

Paimon waved his hand.

“Because being interested in humans is also the play of demons. Anyway, I'm watching you, Commander-in-Chief who failed.”

As she moved away from Havitz, Natasha sneaked up to her and asked Vulcan.

“Shall I kill you?”

"no. Let's watch it for a moment. It seems that Satan's influence is stronger than Havitz's now.”

Paimon whispered something to Havitz, who was constantly muttering.

“......r

Havitz blinked and turned around, and Paimon smiled as cool as a blade.

“It will be a lot of fun.”

“Quack.”

As Habitz's chaotic period merged into one, a gigantic incarnation of Satan rose up.

“Ha ha ha ha! Ha ha ha ha!”

“What did you hear that made you do that?”

Natasha, who was watching from afar, asked, but Vulcan put her chin on her head and was lost in thought, but did not answer.

'Of course I... … He's not a nice guy.' He was the one who killed hundreds of millions of people with the idea of ​​winning the rare game of World War II.

'I've done all the bad things a human can do.'

How boring Harvits must have been to realize Link while only looking at the pupils of a dying corpse.

“But Havitz dies of excitement’?”

When Natya turned her head, Vulcan's temples were sweaty.

"I'm really a bad guy... … Why?

“This time, the creativity of the demons is on fire.”

“Knock-knock! Knock-knock!”

Paimon, who smiled with his eyes lifted and his mouth covered, was looking sideways at Balkan.

? ? ?

Iruki jumped up and shouted.

“Let’s think one more time!”

The commanders turned around with surprised expressions, and Aromi hurriedly approached him.

“Sir General?”

Iruki's eyes widened.

"ah."

The thoughts that kept swirling around in my head came out of my mouth without realizing it.

'Great stress.'

It was understandable from the heart, but it was a problem in a different sense that the commander-in-chief's inner thoughts were revealed.

"sorry."

Iruki confessed meekly.

“Baska is an overcrowded area. If an elemental bomb explodes there... …

I didn't even want to imagine it.

“Baska is the capital of Tormia. It is also the place where the commander-in-chief’s Mercody family resides.”

"that??????

The commander cut off his words.

“I know, that I am not conflicted over that reason. The same goes for us. What I want to say is, in the end, it's something the commander-in-chief has to choose.”

'I have to choose.'

It was a situation where the lives of everyone living in Baska could be decided at one stroke.

'What would my father do?'

If it was a mercodian albino, would it have given up the citizens of the capital city to maintain humanity?

'It can't be.'

He would have found a solution in any situation.

'Of course he couldn't find it.'

What I realized in the contradiction is that even such thoughts are useless delusion after all.

'This is a situation that only I have experienced throughout human history. I don't even have anything to compare to.'

That's why the commanders handed over their full authority.

'No, there is.'

Sirone.

A philanthropic Yahweh would have been able to understand the situation and feelings of Iruki.

'Is it? Sirone.'

Iruki's eyes turned red.

'Have you been fighting with such nonsense on your shoulders?'

The commanders called out with concern as they showed their emotions.

“Sir General.”

Iruki raised his head without wiping away the tears.

“Leave me alone.”

He was wearing a condescending smile.

“Before you become a rare murderer, can you be possessed with at least the tears of a hypocrite?”

Aromi's face turned to tears.

'I can't do this.'

It was her job to keep the general's reason calm, but to be honest, this was too much.

"Sir, if it's that hard... …

"no."

Iruki gave the order.

“There is no reverse strategy. I will attract the demons to Basuka.”

I'm sorry, Sirone.

'This is the only thing I can choose.'

Because Sirone wouldn't be able to.

“Please call the president of Tormia's Magic Association. Oh, and the manager of 'Rope' too.”

Tormia's top-secret encryption system, Rope.

“Lupist… … And are you talking about Dante?”

"yes."

Iruki's tears were already dry.

“In the name of the Valkyrie General Commander, I approve the opening of the flower project 'Flower Garden'.”

dark night.

When Amy, who had been working hard on training alone, entered the cabin, Shura was waiting for her.

“You go around very well and have a blast. Do you think your body is fully recovered now?”

"so so. What about me?”

“Why do you care about that?”

Nane was kind, but Shura revealed her harsh personality as time passed.

I guessed why, but I wasn't sure, and I didn't want to think about it.

“I am leaving tomorrow morning.” Shura's eyes widened slightly.

“I thought it would be good to say goodbye in advance. because it helped me a lot Where are you now?”

“… … In the garden behind the vegetable garden.” Amy turned around and walked to her door.

"okay. Thank you for all this time too.” Shura stopped her.

“Why are you fighting?”

"what does it mean?"

“Now you know. Buddha is right. Why are you so obsessed with a world where balls are everything?”

Amy looked at the door and opened her mouth.

“A man who loved me died in terrible agony. to save me.”

Corporal Berrick.

“Isn’t it the end when you die? It's love, and you'll never see me again. But that person chose death. When I asked him why he did that, he said what Ram said… …

Amy turned her head.

“He said he wanted to be an incredibly cool guy.”

Looking at the sad smile on her face, Shura kept her mouth shut.

“Human beings will die one day. But just because the ending is the same doesn't mean the process is the same. He's dead, but he's still alive in my heart.”

“I’m alive… … Shura recalled the will of Veron, the head of the Tenro Society.

- Live.

“So you fight. After all, even if it's a ball, even if this universe disappears... …

Amy opened the door.

“Because my last one will be more beautiful than yours.”

The sound of the door closing wasn't loud, but it sounded like thunder to Shura's ears.

After leaving the cabin, Amy climbed the hill along a well-known mountain path.

Nane was sitting with grass in her mouth.

“… … Was it that uncomfortable being with me?”

seemed to already know.

“Thank you for your kindness. But my body has recovered, and I have a lot to do.”

“I know you will be busy.” Nane pointed to the other side of the landscape.

“See? A little while ago, the energy of evil was born with the greatest scale ever.”

Amy turned her head.

“Can’t you see?”

“I can see the hell that is about to unfold in this world. It won't be at a level that a human being can endure. It will be more painful than dying.”

Nane turned her head.

“I have to finish.”

Amy couldn't refute it because she knew she wasn't someone to be fooled with lies.

“I’ve been thinking about it for days.”

Amy sat down next to Nane.

“You said you would love me. How do you think you can still love me?”

“I admit it. It's easier said than done. But I realized a lot.”

A true Buddha is not an extreme.

“No matter where you go, you are human after all. Therefore, it returns to being human and transcends everything.”

Nane's heart beat faster as he looked at Amy.

“The me at the beginning and the me now are different. I can understand now. I sincerely... …

“What if I go to you?”

Nane's mouth was closed.

“If I love you, not Sirone, can I fight to protect this world?” If that makes the world happy, if war disappears and everyone can survive... … .

'Amy's love.'

Nane's thoughts raced at breakneck speed.

'You'll be happy. is it so. If you stay by my side, I will want to protect this world too.'

Time barely passed.

'iced coffee.'

Even when I was digging into the truth of the universe, I didn't seem to be caught up in so many anguish.

'Sirone.'

For the first time, I was envious of Sirone, who was able to include Amy in her life.

"I am… …

Nane, whose face was distorted, opened her mouth.

“I am committed to the salvation of sentient beings. I love you, but I cannot turn away from those who suffer.”

"okay."

Amy smiled sympathetically.

I felt like I could see why Sirone left the person she loved and Nane couldn't come to a compromise.

that much belief.

'But now I am too.'

Amy asked for a handshake.

"how are you. Thank you. It's a little strange to say this, but... … I hope you get it done.”

"haha."

Nana smiled and held hands.

"yes. You. I would like to see it come through.”

In the end, there will only be one winner.