[686] Incident (1)

The definition of time becomes meaningless when we imagine something happening in a very distant universe.

because it's too far

And now, in a timeframe that humanity will never reach, the most powerful explosion in the universe has occurred.

Gamma Ray Burst.

The explosion of a hypernova spews out jets approaching the speed of light, simultaneously ejecting energy that the sun has emitted for 10 billion years.

It was a really powerful explosion.

Although it was only a fleeting moment, it was to the point of tearing up the background of the universe, which contains time and space.

And beyond that lightless curtain, there was a pupil looking into this universe.

* * *

The heavy rain had abated, but the rain was still coldly soaking the gray landscape of Radum.

In the middle of the ruins, where most of the buildings had collapsed, Draker glared at Lian, who had collapsed with broken limbs.

'What happened to him?'

His body, buried in the rubble, did not even move, but it was clear that he would rise again.

- Smille. Smille.

Hearing the endlessly resonating hallucinations, Lian firmly gripped the handle of the great sword.

'Am I not misunderstanding something?'

Resurrection is familiar now.

However, since it is not possible for everyone, the familiarity has rather been pushed into a huge unfamiliarity.

The body is broken and then restored.

'Hasn't it been broken since the beginning and never recovered?'

Just as if you die a thousand times in a dream and it didn't even happen when you open your eyes, if all these things started from just one misunderstanding... … .

'Let's stop thinking.'

After recovering, Lian slammed the great sword into the ground and slowly stood up.

'It doesn't matter what the correct answer is.'

You just have to do what you can.

"I'll admit that the string is tough."

Drakker said, narrowing the distance with a stride.

“Maybe you won. If the opponent I'm fighting right now wasn't me. That is your biggest failure.”

If you can get up with broken limbs, any foe will be blown away.

“The Balaur has no limit on physical strength. If you are immortal, I will destroy you endlessly here.”

Balaur are known to be life forms close to inanimate objects.

"doesn't care."

Lian aimed the great straight sword at Draker's forehead.

“Before that, you will be destroyed first.”

As if it wasn't worth responding to, Drakker jumped out.

Kwa-kwa-kwa-kwa-kwak!

The collision between the dragon and the axing devastated the area, but the balance of power was weak, but Drakker had the upper hand.

'strong.'

It was Lian's honest evaluation.

'But that's all.'

A Draker's strength is based on the strength of the race, not skill, talent, effort, or training.

'It's not something I got with your own strength.'

so don't be afraid

Lions are destined to be predators from birth, but visible force is only an object of adaptation.

That's not what humans fear.

“I will jump over you!”

The great sword wielded with Macha's power distorted the space, but Draker's dragon sword did not lose its power.

“Because that doesn’t work, you’re weak!”

The history of countless races trampled by Drakers proved that no one could defeat the Balaur.

When Drakker's regime, moving faster than air, struck Daejikdo, a huge bell sounded.

“Keugh!”

Lian, pushed by the enormous force, broke down the wall of the building and flew through the wall on the other side.

“I’ll smash everything except for the head.”

Drakker, who jumped over the entire building with tremendous leaping power, looked at the ground and made a puzzled expression.

"what?"

Lian, who needs at least a broken arm to be normal, was taking a counterattack posture with a clear gaze.

'Can you offset the shock?'

It was a completely new reaction, impossible without learning during combat.

'no. It's too short a time for that.'

It is known that human learning ability, which takes an average of 10,000 hours to master a particular skill, is neither too high nor too low compared to the entire biota.

If there is only one strength, it is enlightenment through consilience.

The probability of human beings attaining enlightenment, whether large or small, in a particular event reaches 0.000001 percent.

A number that far exceeds the average for the entire biota.

If we substitute the population of over 3 billion here, we can see why the race that currently dominates the planet is human.

'no. It's just a fluke that I blocked it once.'

Draker shook his head.

It was only the statistics of the race to the end, and the probability that Lian adapted to the power of the Balaur through enlightenment was extremely low.

“Can I stop this too!”

Drakker launched a more intense offensive, but as time went on, Lian's reaction was also getting more nimble.

'Is this possible?'

And finally the attack was stopped.

“Big!”

Seeing Lian block the dragon without stepping back, he realized the meaninglessness of probability.

'I'm not an ordinary human.'

"Do you know how many times I've died so far?"

Lian, who was holding the greatsword as if to crush Draker, said with a wrinkled face.

“1,000 times.”

Because it wasn't bravado, Draker was terrifying.

The reason why people who have suffered death-related accidents live completely different lives is because they have learned from extreme experiences.

Having experienced 1,000 real deaths, Lian's ability to correct errors was unmatched in both angle and depth of direction.

"gibberish!"

Draker, who had pushed Lian away, charged with burning eyes and swung his fist rapidly.

'I stop here.'

It is an endlessly repeated action.

“Something human!”

Draker's pride was hurt.

Fists with afterimages flew from all sides, but all attacks were blocked by Lian's sword.

'This, this, this too.'

The body reacts before thinking.

'It was like this, Sirone. One thing I got from dying a thousand times... … .'

Tears welled up at the realization I felt for the first time in my life.

'You must have repeated every moment.'

see.

'The position of my arms, the center of my body, and the rhythm of my heartbeat.'

No, it feels like watching.

'I don't have any talent... … .'

Because I have experienced all the failures that the body can commit.

At the place where I finally returned after drawing a huge circle, a piece of self-image was completed.

“Aaaaaaaaa!”

Ryan let out a roar of joy.

I wandered in the dark cave for 20 years without even thinking that there would be an exit.

maybe there is no way

It was a daunting time when I had to run even though I thought I would never be able to escape.

'But there was. There was, Sirone!'

there was an exit.

Throwing his body toward the light at the end of the cave, Lian finally felt the whole world shake with the light of enlightenment.

“Even if it is, you can’t be my opponent!”

Since insight transcends time, Drakker was also feeling Lian's change.

The temperament itself was so different that it is safe to say that the Lian of the past and the Lian of today are completely different people.

“No, he is human anyway.”

Dragon language - tyranny.

Drakker pushed Lian by activating the dragon skill that raised the body's ability to the maximum.

It was a skill that had to endure recoil even with the durability of a powerful dragon, but it was no longer a situation to consider anything else.

'I'd rather end my life with my own hands than be killed by a human!'

Dragon Slayer is the highest title a human can obtain, but on the contrary, it was a more terrible disgrace than dying to the dragons.

Whoops!

When Draker and Lian's attack collided in the middle, the ground shook like a wave and created a huge circular shockwave.

Rian's face, struck by the power of tyranny, had veins.

“Great!”

It was the irony of life that even though I had the best realization in my life, my opponent was stronger.

In a situation where the power was balanced, Draker's upper body began to lean toward Lian.

“Quack! you lost die."

“It is not over yet.”

As Lian raised his eyes and raised his will to transcend the divine, Dinai's fantasy became more grotesque.

"this… … this… … !”

The whole world that stretched over Lian's shoulder stood up and was folding toward Draker.

"It's called folding."

If the previous one sword divided the world into two, the current one sword has the power to divide the world in two.

As if the force of gravity had doubled, a tremendous pressure pressed down on Draker's body.

'Cut! Cut!'

The world was splitting apart and pushing at a tremendous speed from outside the field of view.

Draker felt fear for the first time in his life.

"Quaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!"

At the same time, Lian's large straight sword split the landscape.

“Turn it off… … .”

It was a terrible feeling to feel the cold wind in the core of your body.

As if it was just a fantasy, the scenery where Denai disappeared was sealed, and the only thing that changed from before was Draker's body.

"dare… … me… … .”

Even the voice split left and right, heard from both sides, and finally Draker, who had become two, fell to the floor.

“Whoa.”

Relying on the handle of the sword, Lian took a deep breath and slowly straightened her back and turned her head.

“Am I the strongest in Radum now?”

You don't need to assign any meaning to it.

The race of dragon demons was nothing more than a failed work, created by dragon experiments anyway.

'I can't become a dragon slayer to this extent.'

Just looking at Drakker, I could indirectly feel how powerful dragons were.

'But now I don't doubt it.'

The schema obtained after 20 years gave me confidence that I could overcome any obstacles in the future.

“By the way, what about Sirone?”

Lian looked up at the dust clouds rising from the center of Radum with a serious expression.

Just the fact that dust was rising through the rain made it possible to guess what kind of shock had been applied to that place.

'Who did such an absurd thing?'

I saw the flower fall with my own eyes, but I was so focused on the battle that I didn't have time to analyze it with my head.

“Well, it must have been a big fight.”

Thoughts are annoying.

Lian was about to head to a new battlefield with the great sword over his shoulder, but he heard a voice from high up.

“Have you done it?”

Kuan, hugging Venezia's waist, was looking down at the ground from the roof of a half-destroyed building.

Lian, who looked carefully at Draker, reported.

“I don’t know if I harmed it, but I split it in two.”

“… … Looks like lightning fell from the sky.”

Since it was Quan who worked as an investigator in Radum, he knew how good the three ministers were.

Flalino never came out of a living room, but Draker, whom he watched through spying operations, was never an easy opponent to see.

“Pu-hu.”

Lian laughed and shrugged.

“What kind of sad words. Will I be able to defeat the yongmain that much? It was a blow stronger than a thunderbolt.”

'Why are you here? Did he turn away from fighting?'

Although he was stupid, he wasn't lighthearted, so Quan tilted his head at his more excited appearance than usual.

“It’s open, schema.”

He finally understood, but he stared at Lian without even shaking his gaze.

“… … .”

Draker's corpse was telling me that it wasn't the imagination scheme like before.

“Is that so?”

He jumped off the building holding Venezia and moved to where Lian was.

From Kaizen Swordsmanship Academy to fighting with Rai and leaving for knight training.

Numerous memories passed by, but Kuan only spoke briefly as he looked back at the scene of the flower.

"let's go."

Lian, who was savoring his words, nodded with a satisfied smile.

It resonated louder than any words.

"yes."

At the same time as he answered, two swordsmen kicked off the ground and flew up.

---------------------------------------