[68] At the top (2)

Sirone knew that so-called experts who were confident went to such places and even had their underwear stolen. Of course, with Iruki's Servant ability, no one would be able to win when calculating the probability, but there is a reason why people call it gambling. Probability is just probability, and to win in gambling, you need the temperament of a winner who knows how to feel the victory. The scene of Iruki being robbed at once while picking up money was clearly drawn.

“I’m not going. you guys go I don't gamble.”

“You can’t gamble. They say pretty girls pour you a drink and massage your shoulders, are you really not going?”

Hearing that, Sirone hated going even more.

“Oh, sorry. i'm really really tired I should go to sleep Come and have fun.”

As soon as the word sorry came out of Sirone's mouth, he couldn't change his mind. After all, it was Sirone who was most tired while preparing for this presentation. Nade and Iruki also lacked sleep time, but the work they focused on was divided into physical and intellectual labor.

On the other hand, Sirone, who had to raise the level of photon output, had to continue high-level training that consumed both the body and mind for a month. Besides, at the end, he entered the realm of infinity and poured out his mental power, so it was only natural that his mind and body were weakened.

"OK got it. Then get some rest. Anyway, we will come and go, so you know that.”

"okay. bring a lot Buy me something delicious.”

"ha ha ha! Don't worry! Because when we wake up, we will be magically rich.”

Hearing the sound of the door closing, Sirone buried her face in the bed again.

'Anyway, making a fuss while being wealthy... … .' 

Sirone fell into a deep sleep again.

* * *

That night.

“Huh. Whoops.”

Sirone tossed and turned on the bed in a cold sweat. The nightmares that didn't come when I fell asleep as if I was fainting were rising to my consciousness again as I filled my sleep time.

“Huh… … .”

Sirone frowned and shook his head from side to side. Humans were nothing in the vast universe. That empty feeling of deprivation enveloped Sirone with a strong shock.

This time, the nightmare was being sucked into one point. Time passed backwards and we reached the beginning of the universe. A light was seen, and the light turned into a swaying thread and then into foam, filling Sirone's field of vision. It was only light. And the next moment, a powerful explosion exploded in the empty space.

“Huh uh uh uh!”

Sirone raised her upper body. Two wide-open eyes were still staring at the afterimage in the memory. After the sweaty pajamas conveyed the feeling of dampness, I slowly turned my head to the window.

It was a morning of chirping and chirping birds.

“Whoa. Somehow, I just wanted to pass by.”

I had nightmares for no reason. A strange sensation enveloped her body, shaking her body.

But Sirone was no longer afraid. 

He heard the reason from Armin, and on the day of the presentation, he came out of the infinite realm at will.

Once she was able to control her power to some extent, Sirone calmly watched the phenomena that were happening to her.

'The universe seen in a dream. It's definitely a sight that marks the beginning of the universe. And gauge symmetry.'

Although there is no logical information, I felt that the strands were being vaguely caught. It is probably the work of organizing information that occurs in the unconscious. As she recalled Armin, who said she would come to realize it herself, her mind calmed down and her sense of paralysis disappeared.

Sirone went into the bathroom. She slept so deeply that she didn't even know how many days had passed, and her condition was quite good. As she brushed her teeth, she rummaged through her memories, and she realized that Iruki and Nade had stopped by.

'Is it a dream? Or did he really go?'

The faces of the two people who said they would go to the casino and hit the jackpot came to mind.

'I'd rather go with you. What do I do now by myself?'

After leaving the bathroom while brushing her teeth, Sirone suddenly looked back at the bed and stopped what she was doing. Small dust particles floating on the bed were spinning. The window was closed, so it was not convection. 

Syrone, who forgot to brush her teeth, ran away with her foam on her face. He looked closely and he was sure to be moving. He put his hand out into the center of the rotation. The moment she thought she couldn't feel anything, she suddenly felt a strong sense of parasomnia.

“Huhhhhh!”

Sirone threw up foam on his teeth and bent his upper body.

What is it? 

It was as if he had personally touched the nerve where the tooth had been pulled out, as if he had confirmed what he knew for the first time.

'This is it! Something you already know but don't know the name of. But what the hell is this?' 

Sirone frantically gestured into the air. But she no longer felt any strange sensations. After calming her mind, Sirone went back to her bathroom and washed herself in hot water before leaving. All the while, he kept thinking about the phenomenon he had just discovered.

'It's not wind, it's not air pressure, it's not temperature. But how can dust move?'

It wasn't just floating. It was obviously moving in a form with rotational force by some force.

After being immersed in thought for over an hour, Sirone changed her clothes and came out feeling frustrated. It was class time, so there were no students outside the building.

Feeling unfamiliar, Sirone moved to the front door. He was suspended for a week, so he was free to do anything for the next four days. Since the water has already been spilled, Sirone decides to use this time as a break after his special training.

'But where are we going?'

The first thing that came to mind was his own home. The thought of her parents' faces made her want to go.

'No. Talking nonsense.'

It could be reached in half a day by carriage, but there was no justification. Mom and Dad, I was suspended from school, and I couldn't go home. However, going to the Ogent family would be awkward without Rian or Raina.

"Oh right!"

Sirone suddenly realized where he was going and snapped his fingers.

It was a bookstore.

Of course, there are plenty of books in the school library, but it has been Sirone's long-held dream to buy books at the bookstore.

A smile came to my lips as I remembered being delighted with the old books my father bought for me as a child.

I was delighted with one book, but in fact, I had a desire to buy more.

But now you can. It was thanks to the fact that the pocket money that Temuran sent every month was quite piled up.

If you bought books in the commoners' quarters, you could put them in a basket, even if you only used a small amount.

'Come to think of it, I'm buying it for the first time. My own book.'

Borrowing from the library is not a bad thing, but Sirone, who likes books, has an extraordinary desire for possession.

Having made a decision, he moved quickly. In an instant, he passed through the aristocratic quarters and entered the commoners' quarters.

The street where I often rode my father's cart when I was a child is still standing there. Sirone tapped on her gold coin purse and entered the bookstore proudly. The lady recognized Sirone. He was a kid who would stand and look around for hours whenever he entered the city, so his face was memorable.

"welcome… … Oh my, isn’t it Sirone?”

“Hello, Auntie.”

"okay. You've grown surprisingly I thought your dad had gone to another city because he couldn't see the barrel these days. He always bought me a book every time I came.”

“You won’t come any more. So I'm going to buy it myself.”

"okay. You still like books. Take your pick.”

"yes. Then I'll look around."

Sirone walked around the bookstore smiling happily. A price tag was attached to each pile of books, but looking at it, books in good condition were expensive, regardless of the content.

Few of the commoners could read, but in a big city like Creas, if you were to count the population, it was still quite a business.

However, as expected, there were more novels with better sales than academic books, and occasionally academic books only dealt with basic fields. I could see that the books in the library of Alpheas Magic School were much more advanced than expected. Although there are no books related to his major, he is good at books anyway. After looking around, he bought a novel with a wizard as the main character.

There were several books that must have been quite popular, and the price was divided into high, medium and low according to quality. Sirone, who had enough money, chose the cleanest new book and held out a gold coin. It was a bookstore frequented by commoners, so the price was cheap, but books were originally a precious commodity. Moreover, since it was new, the price was ten times that of the lowest quality.

“Oh, buy something this expensive? Who are you running errands for?”

"no. Actually, this is the first book I bought. That’s why I want to read it in a clean way, even if it’s a little too much.”

"okay. It's wonderful. Not many people spend money on books. Anyway, read carefully. so you get smarter I have to be smart so I can marry later and not make my wife suffer.”

The aunt, completely unaware of the fact that Sirone attends a magic school, the cradle of geniuses, gave a long speech with the pride of a bookstore owner. However, Sirone happily listened to it as if she was in a good mood and came out with her book.

'This is my book.'

My own book, neither borrowed nor read by others. Just feeling the weight of the book made my heart flutter like a child.

"uh? Isn’t that sirone?”

Hearing the voice calling him, Sirone turned around. A group of children were gathered in a cart. His eyes widened as he looked closely at the familiar figure.

"uh? Alto? Martin? Even Lumina?”

They were the children of the slash-and-burn village where they hung out when they were young.

“Yeah. Are you really Sirone?”

Children rushed to Sirone. Most of them were the same age, and the difference was only a year or two. However, in the interim, the size has changed remarkably. In particular, Alto, the leader of the slash-and-burn children, had grown into a giant that even adults could not handle. At least Martin, who was originally dwarfed, was similar to Sirone.

Alto put Sirone's head on his arm.

“You bastard! What happened? Haven't come back once in years. Even if I ask Uncle Vincent, he just says he lives in the city.”

"ha ha ha. Sorry. It happened.”

Their greetings after a long time were tingling, but Sirone was also happy to see them. Martin, his front teeth sticking out like rabbits, inspected Sirone's outfit and said admiringly:

"wow. you came out Anyone who sees you will know that you are a noble.”

"okay? I don't know.”

Hearing that he looked like an aristocrat, Sirone was puzzled. Because he had never thought of it like that before. However, as he passed through the Ogent family and lived in a magic school, it seemed that the smell of nobility was absorbed unconsciously.

Lumina, the only woman in the group, said. 

“Sirone has always looked like an aristocrat. Anyway, I'm glad you're doing well."

“Yes, thank you, Lumina. You have become pretty too.”

Rumina's face turned red. She is the Rumina that Sirone remembers as a child with lots of freckles and chubby cheeks. But now, her skin was a little darker, her freckles were gone, and her flesh was gone, so she was a girl.

Alto burst into laughter.

“There are more lies, Sirone! Well, even in the past, there were no kids to match your words. What makes such a tomboy girl so pretty?”

"shut up! Who are you to judge me as a gangster or what?”

When Lumina got angry like never before, Altor felt embarrassed.

“No, I was just kidding… … .”

"it's okay. I hate talking to you.”

"okay! don't tell I'm ashamed to hang out with a girl like you!”

Sirone felt better as the old memories came back to him after a long time. At first glance, it looks like a fight, but this was the daily life of the children of the slash-and-burn village.

---------------------------------------