City of Magic Engineering (3)

Magritte doubted his own eyes and checked the scan information once more.

'Is this really a human being?' If the liquid of the scanning device is transferred to the real world, it will be closer to 'feeling' rather than material.

It reads the record engraved in the soul with what is called a spirit character, and this was a hidden code used in the karma chain.

'Body growth index, 22 years based on the photon field.'

Since the process of his life itself was printed, Lian's age could not be wrong.

however… … .

'The body ability index, 16,000 years?'

In conclusion, Ryan has about 730 times his training intensity compared to his age.

'It's not a physical number. Because the body of a creature is not like that. However, the training intensity of 730 times far exceeds human limits.'

It wasn't that we were ignoring humans, it was that no other creature could do this.

'If it's simply suffering great pain, it's inevitable, but... …

Training intensity is different.

'It takes a will to break the limits. If the intensity level is 1 when you can't even take a single step, this means that this body has walked 730 more times.'

Formidable will or belief.

'Of course, humans are a species with a high physical ability index. Demons are just strong from birth. But 730 times is a level that no Yaksha I know can imitate.'

Sirone and Lian approached.

“Did you find something out?”

Swallowing a gulp, Magritte turned her head to Lian and put the real thing in her eyes.

“My name is Lian… …

Imagining the path he must have walked gave me a thrill and a strong impulse.

“A new body model that transcends the pinnacle of living things, no, even the limitations of living things. How long will it take for mankind to evolve into this body? No, absolutely impossible. As civilization develops, creatures will become lazy. So this is not evolution, but rather devolution.”

Magritte pointed at Lian.

“In addition, the breadth of the reverse evolution is indeed the history of the universe. The extreme of negative evolution, not simply returning to the source, but going against even the first model of living things! In other words, after enduring heat and pressure for a long time, adamantine-like changes have occurred in the body of a creature that has been reborn as a different substance!” Sirone, who had been listening blankly, spoke.

“Hey, thank you for praising my friend, but can’t you think about that?”

Merkede raised his index finger and explained. “The Grand Duke is the smartest demon in Hell. However, he is a taciturn person, so other demons cannot read his great thoughts. It was so frustrating that the Archduke had a habit of speaking impatiently when he was really impressed. It's never common. You may consider it an honor.”

"okay? A lot has changed.”

When you get older, you become like a child.

“Hmm, that was the main book. sorry. However, Lee's body is outstanding. Of course, that alone cannot break the chains of Gehenna. Possibly the original spirit that gave it that body.

"Well, that's what I'm going to investigate from now on. I will also check Yahweh's scan information. I feel strange. I thought I would analyze Yahweh's mind... … omg!"

When the button was pressed, the intaglio of the red liquid disappeared, and this time, Sirone's information appeared.

“Oh, how can it be!”

Ariane Sirone.

22 years without a doubt about the body growth index.

And the physical ability index was 32 years, which was the level of an ordinary person who trained hard.

What surprised Magritte was the next item.

'Mental capacity index.'

520 million years.

'The numbers are the result of the realm. In fact, it is not something that can be reached by contemplating for 520 million years.'

Even Magritte himself lived over 500 million years, but his mental ability index fell far short of it.

'Depending on enlightenment, it is possible to reach an instant. But what the hell is a 500 million year mind? I've never even thought of such a realm of thought.'

It must be something like the sea or the sun.

'Borderline between animate and inanimate? No, maybe a new system that encompasses both. Is this Yahweh?'

Magritte glanced back at Sirone.

“The ultimate in self-destruction. At the end of breaking down all logic, we reached the only point of contact between nothingness and existence. How many times do you have to repeat this spirit to achieve this spirit!”

In other words, it is Taegeuk itself.

“This is God's personality, God's attitude, and God's point of view! There is neither right nor wrong, there is only the 'undefined entity' of that moment! In other words, a mental vacuum! iced coffee! Why don't you act on the whim of erasing the world with that mighty reason! Of course. Because God is indifferent! Then why help humanity? There is only one miracle. A miraculous illusion triggered in a vacuum! That is the essence of Yahweh!”

After Magritte finished his explanation with a finger pointing, there was silence in the laboratory for a while.

“Yeah, what… … It sounds similar. Anyway, what are you going to do now? The chains of Gehenna.”

Magritte, whose excitement had subsided, collapsed into a chair as if exhausted.

“Whoa. It seems like it will take some time to catch the error in the purification system. I don't think it's in the realm of 'failure'. It seems to have occurred because the special properties of Lian and Yahweh interacted with the hell system.”

“Sirone didn’t do anything?”

“Hidden codes work before causality. It's not logic. For example, the existence of Yahweh must have had a great influence on you breaking the chains of Gehenna.”

Ryan kept his mouth shut.

“However, if errors continue to occur, it is inconvenient for the person concerned and causes bad damage to the system of hell. Right now, the only stopgap you can do is control Lian's Gehenna. In other words, it is to make it independent from the system of hell.”

“Is that possible?”

“I don’t know, it’s unprecedented. However, theoretically, there are several hypotheses. The problem is karma. You'll have to create a new program to bypass the Youngja® 麥 signal. To do that, I need Yahweh's help.”

“Are you going to ask me for help?”

“From now on, what we do is against the rules of hell. I don't know if Satan will say that it's funny, but the painter must have a different position. If you know that you have helped Yahweh, you will be stripped of your title and purified.”

Magritte blocked the misunderstanding as Sirone looked at her with worried eyes.

“Extinction doesn’t matter. I've lived enough to live. However, when rumors spread, it becomes difficult to work. I really hate being interrupted when I'm doing my research. I'll list them down, so ask them at the store. It's something you can't even ask someone close to you to do.”

If the information leaked out, it was the end.

“If only I could avoid suspicion. But if Yahweh went around seeking this and that, would a dispute arise?”

“Of course you have to do it secretly. Yahweh's unique smell, should I say code? I will erase it. No one will notice your identity, so you can do it comfortably. first of all… …

Merkede bit her lip at Magritte's quick explanation.

'It's a big deal. The Grand Duke is really stuck.'

According to what she knows, when Magritte is determined and does something, even Satan cannot stop him.

'I wouldn't stay still at the chemical company. In the unlikely event that Lady Lette's ears are heard, the Archduke... … The succubus' fists clenched tightly.

'I will definitely protect it. I will strictly control it so that it never goes into your ears.'

I heard Lian's laugh.

“Awesome, Sirone? Aren't you a demon who can't be seen by anyone? It's a waste to see it alone.”

Sirone stood in front of the mirror.

"this… … what?"

One head was short in stature, with red skin and black hair, with small horns growing on either side of its forehead.

'It also has fangs.'

When he opened his mouth, sharp fangs like thorns were placed perfectly in the row of teeth.

said Magritte.

“I changed everything except for my facial features. As far as function of form goes, it's not particularly impressive in Hell. It would be better for me to do my job if I didn’t stand out.”

said Ryan.

“It's not that much, but it looks really weak, doesn't it? Among the demons I fought, there was no face so benign.”

“Actually, I can’t help it because I have a gentle face. You can change it to a completely different form if you want. It is possible to be 3 meters tall and have about 8 arms.

yo. this." “… … no it's okay."

I just wanted to keep my identity.

“I think so too. There is no need to feel repulsive, this is not a transformation, but more like makeup. The key is to hide the code of Yahweh. If possible, act like a demon. The suppression rate is 7%. If you get closer to Yahweh by 93% or more, the makeup might disappear.”

“Seven percent.”

It was to the extent that an amateur actor-level method was necessary, but it was true that it was awkward.

“Here is the list.” Upon receiving the note from Magritte, Sirone had a rough idea of ​​what she needed.

'Hmm, this way... …

After setting the guidelines based on Omega's information, Sirone put the note in her bosom.

“Then, I’ll go.”

For some reason, Lian's heart calmed down at the sight of the red demon wearing loose clothes.

"be careful. Don't respond to anyone who argues with you."

“Haha, it’s okay. I wonder where he will go and get hit. I'll get it soon and bring it back."

Syrone walked to the door, shuffling her pants, and turned to Magritte and said.

"You haven't forgotten about the deal, have you?"

No matter how Lian's problem is solved, it should be in a form that can break the chain of true voice.

Magritte patted his head.

“Received.”

Meanwhile, uninvited guests were flying into the walls of Laviette City.

“Aaaaaaa!”

The one who came with a scream on his tail was blowing out a long cloud of jet streams.

When Richera, who was left with only her neck, turned her eyes away from her consciousness, the inertia disappeared.

“Oops.”

Son Yu-jeong froze at the wall.

“Hey, right here? No matter how much I look around, there is only one city nearby.”

"yes? Ah yes."

Almost awake, Richera got goosebumps when she saw the human face embedded in the wall.

“Hick! You really are Raviette!”

It's the first time I've actually seen it, but I heard that most of the humans captured by the Black Seung are used here.

"stop. Who are you?”

The two demons who blocked Sirone two days ago pointed their spears at Son Yu-jeong.

“I heard that there is a grand duke or something in this city. Go ahead and call him. If not, I will go.”

The demons looked at each other.

As Laviette's gatekeeper, she is very patient, but Son Yoo-jung's words clearly crossed the line.

“Quack! Kkkkkkkkk!”

The life spread like fire, and the two demons who had lost their reason rushed with their spears.

“Huhhhh!”

Even after seeing the face of the ghost burning with the intent to kill, Son Yu-jeong calmly took out her clothing and held it up.

“The cheeky monsters.”

Aaaaaaaaagh!

At the roar that shook the earth, the demons living in the city turned their bodies in surprise.

"hurry! Daughter!”

After a while, armed security forces ran in two columns toward the gate.

"huh? what?"

A demon with a cute impression wearing a hooded cloak blinked and asked the demon next to him.

“What's going on? Where are you all going?” The demon, whose hair was as hard as a blade, looked down and nodded.

"I'm still young so I don't know. They are the Archduke's security forces, only dispatched in emergencies. It is said that the castle gate was breached, but if so, it must be a demon species.”

“Hmm.”

Sirone looked back at the edge of the city.