[327] Second outing (5)

But it was too early to like it. This is because the target she was about to fall over came back with an exclamation.

“Sorry! The first edition failed!”

Vivian looked at the pendulum pendulum in dismay, then raised her axe eye and argued with the moderator.

“Why are you failing? You were right.”

"No no. You said you had to knock down the target.”

“Isn’t this a net scam?”

"haha! is it a scam? New to the winter festival? This is a fact that everyone knows. Besides, what collection is this? If you sell it later, it's a doll worth more than 1 gold.”

Zocre turned to Ludvans and asked.

“It looks like there is a spring attached underneath. can you do it?”

"what… … There are still nine feet left.”

Putting the snowball in a convenient position, Ludbarns looked at the target and thought.

'You made the angle ambiguous. After all, is there no choice but to compete with a fastball?'

After that, I threw all the remaining 9 snowballs in 10 minutes.

Ludvans, who had taken on the challenge with the attitude of a day-to-day marriage, was still expressionless, but beads of sweat formed on his forehead and steam was rising from his head.

“Sorry. I think I'll just have to do it one more time."

The challenge was a failure.

It hit the 2nd and 3rd balls in succession, but failed to hit the 4th, 5th, and 6th balls.

It was not easy even for a semi-professional to hit the target with maximum power at a distance farther than the stadium.

He hit all the snowballs fiercely from the 7th pitch, but the target did not fall.

Sirone got a hint from there.

'You have to use elasticity to pass it. Somehow, I thought it was strange that the spring was installed on the target.'

When the force of the pendulum motion remains, if the target is hit continuously, the elasticity gradually becomes stronger. Eventually, after passing the critical point, it was a structure that collapsed without being able to overcome the weight.

The accuracy of Ludvans, who scored 7 out of 10, is great, but it failed because the force was not applied continuously.

“Amy, how about a challenge?”

"huh? I?"

Amy looked back at Sirone in surprise.

In fact, there was no way that the mischievous woman wouldn't have her hands itching in front of such a fun game. But usually, men were trying to put some strength on their shoulders in front of women, so I just watched.

'Aha, is this because of such a situation?'

He seemed to understand Sirone's intentions. The person who should put strength on his shoulders right now is himself.

'In that case, there is no need to remove it.'

Amy walked over to the moderator and paid 10 silver.

If Ludbarns was the pitching student representative, Amy was a matter of pride as a future sniper.

“I am also challenged. Ten silver here.”

"Oh, it's been a while since I've had a female challenger? But, lady, the soldiers of the watchtower are not bewitched by beauty. But I’ll give you another snowball as a bonus, so try your best.”

“No, that's all right. 10 is enough.”

"haha! What a brave young lady! Everyone, give this courageous lady a round of applause!”

Applause erupted from the onlookers when a slender girl, wondering if she could throw a snowball to the watchtower, took on the challenge.

Amy wet her lips with her tongue and held the snowball in her hand. Her eyes reddened as she recalled the current state of her memory.

“Young car.”

When I swung my arm around in a dainty motion, the snowball crashed like an unexploded bullet.

The friendly laughter of the tourists burst out.

But Sirone held her breath and watched. Amy's true value had just begun.

Unlike the first ball, Amy, who was properly posed, stared at the target.

Information from self-image memory corrected the error and made the brain sense the correct trajectory.

Through the basic build of the schema, strengthening her muscles, she firmly gripped the snowball, widened her stride and swung her arms wide.

The eyes of the onlookers widened when the snowball, which flew at a speed similar to Ludvans' restraint, hit the target.

Amy saved the status of the second sphere again in Hongan. Then he mechanically threw the 3rd, 4th and 5th pitches.

Each time the snowball hit the target, the shaking of the target increased, and finally it could not stand the 8th pitch and fell over with a twang.

“Wow! passed! The girl passed the target!”

“Girl, are you an athlete? Really great?”

Amy sighed and looked up at the ceiling.

When I played it myself, it was definitely a game with a high level of difficulty. Even if a schema user came, it would be difficult for anyone who had not trained their sensory system.

Of course, if you were a master of the schema, you could pass the target with one shot with the power of a cannon, but such a person would not act rude just to receive a doll at a festival.

The moderator happily handed over prizes to those who succeeded in the challenge.

Amy received the Ice Queen's doll, thanked the people who supported her, and held it up like a trophy.

Looking at the Ice Queen's doll smiling in the shape of a half moon, Vivian put on a sad expression.

“Ah, I wish. I wanted to have that.”

Sirone and Amy were walking away excitedly, not even remembering that Zocre and the others were there.

said Ludbarns.

“… … I'm kind of annoyed.”

Zocre felt the same way.

“Hey, since I was little, I only knew myself. Because of that kind of personality, I failed the graduation exam. You say you were beaten up. So, there are only people who can get along with.”

It was after they had already arrived on the first floor that Sirone and Amy remembered Zokrae and the others.

I had no desire to go back. Because they weren't the ones who approached me with good feelings from the beginning.

Amy hugged the Ice Queen's doll to her chest and rubbed her cheeks, feeling the gentle touch.

"Hi-Hi! Very cute.”

Sirone was happy just to watch.

Contrary to her outward personality, she liked cute dolls. Wasn't there actually a lot of teddy bears in her room?

'I'm glad it's an ordinary taste.'

I sincerely thought so.

Uorin's collection, like El Crouch's porcelain dolls, is not something worth collecting unless it's a bad taste.

“Since I gave away 20 silver and won, even if I assume that I only receive 1 gold, I have earned 80 silver.”

"haha! it's your idea But isn't it past time to argue about that? The richest person in magic school.”

“The best rich man? I?"

Amy pointed to Sirone's coat.

“Armand. I heard that the value of stolen goods alone exceeds 2 billion gold? If so, wouldn't it be at least doubled at the auction? In a word, you are hanging around our entire school right now.”

Realizing that, Sirone blinked.

Since the amount was so beyond common sense, he couldn't even think of estimating the value of the sword.

When I thought that I was walking through a crowd of people wearing an S-class object worth over 4 billion gold, I suddenly felt like my side wearing a sword was stiff.

'What if someone steals it? No, since they share their mind, there's no way they'll get stolen.'

Amy carefully put the Ice Queen's doll in her bag. She said as Sirone, who was watching, pointed outside her.

“It’s hot from playing games, so let’s go out to cool off.”

"huh. I need to get some fresh air too. Shall we skate? I heard that the ice is really good here.”

Sirone happily nodded.

It reminded me of playing happily in the ice lake with the skates my father made for me when I was little.

"good! Then let’s go to the skating rink!”

Battle Mage's Philosophy (1)

There were many lovers at the skating rink.

Sirone and Amy skated by joining the current that circled the rink's outer perimeter.

The cold winter wind blew fresh.

While sliding on the ice following the person in front of her, Amy was able to forget her worries in reality for a moment.

However, the good mood disappeared the moment he saw Zokre and his party enter the skating rink.

Not joining the flow, they performed their skating stunts in the center of the rink.

It wasn't against the rules, but Amy didn't like even that, probably because she was already stuck with hate.

"what? Did you follow me all the way here?”

“He must have come to skate. don't mind."

Amy didn't want to get entangled with Zokre's group.

Every time I saw them proudly passing the graduation exam and enjoying their time together, it felt like the scars of dropping out were growing.

"it's okay. Let us just avoid it. I've cooled down anyway, and I want to look around other places.”

“Is that so? okay."

Sirone and Amy pushed the blades of their skates and made their way toward the exit.

"hey! Are you going already?”

When Sirone turned around, Zocre was running at full speed, swinging his arms.

I hurriedly pulled Amy over, but he swerved and came to a sudden stop. As the skate blades grinded the ice, ice powder was scattered. As cold things wet his face, Sirone's brows narrowed.

“Why are you doing this? in a person's face.”

"haha! What are you angry about? Contrary to what I've heard, he has a soft personality. You were just kidding.”

“Then why are you kidding me?”

Amy pushed Sirone and stepped forward.

“Why do you keep following me? If you have something to say, do it right. Don’t be childish like kids.”

“It’s been a while since we met. This is also related, but let's have fun. We still have homework to solve.”

"solve? what solution?”

The only thing that comes to mind when thinking of Zocre is that he gave up the competition at a prestigious school and transferred to another school as if running away.

'huh? no way… … ?'

A blurry scene flashed through Amy's mind.

Zokre once confessed his love before going to school.

It was a common thing at the time. That's why it's a strangely trivial incident that remains in my memory.

But today, Sirone noticed.

There is probably no woman in the world who would really take the word dating as a joke just because it was said as a joke.

Amy was a woman and not an idiot.

They were fully prepared for the fact that anything could happen if a man and a woman went on a trip for two nights and three days alone, and they followed Sirone.

I didn't want to embarrass Sirone with ridiculous past history.

It wouldn't make me feel bad simply by receiving a confession, but having the person in front of me was a different matter.

"it's okay. i don't want to talk to you Sirone, let's go somewhere else. You don't have to hang out with these guys.”

As Amy tried to leave, Zocre walked past Sirone as if ignoring her.

"Wait a minute. What you were talking about... … .”

Zokre stopped talking and turned his head. Shirone frowned while holding his shoulder.

“You say you don’t like it.”

“You, won’t you let go of this hand? Even though the school is different, I am your senior. A formal wizard.”

“That is that, and this is this.”

Zocre was taken aback by Sirone's cheeky appearance.

“I was very excited when people around me supported me despite my low status. you, aren't you? Amy and I have known each other since we were thirteen. It's none of your business.”

“What does it matter when we met? If that's the case, we met when we were 12 years old. Don’t keep bothering those who don’t like it, please go.”

"what? You met when you were twelve?”

Zocre was stunned by Sirone's lies.

Thanks to memorizing academic journals, I also knew about Sirone's past.

How could he meet Amy at the age of 12 when he had only been attending magic school for a year?

Moreover, the son of a mountaineer who is not even a noble.

“A surprisingly shameless guy. Do you think such a lie will work? Do you know what will happen if you get caught by a senior on this floor? Especially for a guy like you who has no place to stick around, just get out of here.”

“I don’t even want to enter a place where there are seniors who make petty threats.”

“This bastard is real!”

Zocre lost his temper and raised his fist at the sight of Sirone attacking without losing a word.

But just as he was about to swing his fist, a snowball flew out of nowhere and crashed into the back of his head.

---------------------------------------