[141] Labyrinth space-time (5)

The wizard returned with a serious expression. And between the palms of both hands, a sphere of fire was born.

Unlike Amy, it was a single sphere, so it would be much easier to increase the density.

'I'm going to concentrate firepower, right? I'm very anxious to win.'

As Amy expected, the wizard was nervous. Of course, I never calculated the power of magic numerically, so I didn't know how many points I would get.

However, no matter how much I thought about it, I wondered if it would be difficult to explode three times as much as an electric arrow.

“Taha!”

The wizard held out both hands vigorously.

Since inertia is ignored in the spirit zone under the wizard's control, no special motion is required to cast magic. 

Even so, taking a firing stance was the mage's struggle to increase his concentration even a little bit.

Amy followed the fireball with her gaze. As the space-time of the labyrinth held fire, a whirlwind of flames raged.

The wizard looked at the orb with eyes full of expectation. But after a while, her face turned into a tear-stain.

The score is 1,330. It was only 310 points higher than Electric Arrow.

It was a huge difference for a swordsman who was purely evaluated for physical ability, but in the realm of magic that applied phenomena, it could be said that there was a difference there.

“Oh, it can’t be. no! This is because the firepower is distributed. I can pass at least 2,000.”

No one responded to the wizard's voice.

The difference was too great for me. No matter what she did, she couldn't get past Amy's shame.

The archer thought it was already too late to pass through this place. The naked girl who scored over 3,000 points must be the highest level here.

In the mercenary world, the sorcerer called divine is also 1,330. However, the fact that she showed more than twice her magic power meant that she was at least the strongest talent at her age.

Ryan and Tess were thinking the same thing.

I don't mean to disparage Sirone's skills, but Amy was Sirone's senior at school. As her senior, she had failed, so even if she was a sirone, she would have a hard time showing more than that, she expected.

Amy was the only one who wasn't thinking that this wasn't the end.

“Sirone, you have to be serious. Maybe it's because it's so narrow that I couldn't cross it."

"okay. I'll try my best.”

The leader licked his lips and twisted.

"under! What do you do when you do your best? Results should come out. It's already done. Let's fold up and go back."

Sirone realized something from the leader who gave up without even trying. Space-time of the labyrinth called the eye of an angel. What on earth did she build such an altar for?

But it was time to put aside the fleeting insight for a while. Right now, the priority is to focus on the work of the altar.

Sirone closed her eyes and performed the sequence ceremony. A dot of feeble light was born in the front. Subsequently, an innumerable number of photons rushed into the center and grew in size.

“What, what? photon output? What impact do you have with that?”

The wizard said with an absurd expression. Even so, the reason why I couldn't take my eyes off Sirone was because of the power that couldn't be seen with normal photon output.

The moment Sirone opened his eyes after completing the sequence ceremony, the fist-sized white sphere vibrated as if it were about to die.

Sirone gritted his teeth and hit the photon cannon. A beam of light that stretched out at sub-light speed struck as if it would shatter the space-time of the labyrinth.

The mercenaries, who were not expecting it at first, were fascinated by the beauty of the flash and trembled as they waited for the score.

4,783.

People's eyes widened when an unexpected number came up.

Wizards and archers, especially those skilled in magic, were astonished. It was because the magic Sirone cast was none other than photon output.

Light has no special firepower. There was only an impulse defined only by the product of velocity and mass.

Still, 4,783 points came out. Compared to his colleagues, it was said that the impact was equivalent to the shock of 20 warriors who chose a strength-enhancing build and struck with all their might.

“Eh, what the hell are those things?”

The mercenaries were starting to get anxious. I didn't know what the principle of Sirone's magic was, but I had to assume that there was no one among my colleagues who could withstand once hit.

But everyone had no time to think of anything else. This is because even though it was hit with tremendous power, the space-time of the maze emitted red light as if it were showing off, and it was judged to be unqualified.

Sirone lost all his strength. How the hell did the beads come from? 

Maybe 5,000 points is the last line of passing. However, it seemed that the Photon Cannon could not increase its power more than this.

“I wish I could do it one more time.”

As if Amy had waited, she covered her mouth and smiled.

"Ho Ho! Do you understand my feelings? Because I did too. But how many points do you really have to get to pass?”

"I don't know. I think doing it with a laser would be fine.”

“Oh, yes! Lasers can accumulate energy.”

Sirone's laser causes molecules to vibrate, resulting in greater destructive power over time. In theory, there is nothing that cannot be destroyed, so it was perfect for this evaluation.

“But there is a next turn. I'll have to give it a try once I've done a round. what are you doing? won't you?”

Sirone said to the leader. But he just stood there with a shit-chewed expression on his face.

Seeing the scores soar as the order progressed, I didn't feel like stepping out. As a prosecutor, the only score he could give was around 200 points.

“Sheesh! it's okay. It's already over! I have no choice but to go back.”

The leader walked towards the entrance with an urgent gesture. However, no matter how much he turned the doorknob, the iron door did not budge.

When the group looked back in surprise, the man with the white tattoo said.

“You are one. If one person is evaluated, everyone should be evaluated. You cannot go back before that.”

After hearing the archer's interpretation, the party finally understood. It was a rule that did not simply unify the will, but actually had to match the actions.

"ah! annoying! Why do you keep asking me to do what I did?”

There was no end to complaints from the leader's mouth. But in order to get out of here, he had no choice but to prove his skills.

'I see. These are really cruel rules.'

Sirone got goosebumps.

How come I didn't know until now? All the rules explained by the man with the white tattoo were premised on one condition.

Trust between colleagues.

If you think about it, it can't be a really strange evaluation method. This is because, in terms of firepower alone, wizards are much more advantageous than swordsmen.

However, that did not mean that the swordsman was weaker than the wizard. Even if the wizard could break rocks and split the ground, the swordsmen were specialized in biological combat who could cut the wizard with a single knife.

In addition, measuring the power of magic was also a problem. If Amy, who specializes in ranged magic, had tried sniper mode, her score would have been much higher. However, this place did not consider such a variable.

A narrow octagonal altar that could not exert any special means, and eight spheres.

'Why eight? Just to balance out the look? But in reality, we only had one sphere as a group of eight, didn't we?'

Strangest of all was the language of God. The space-time of the maze measures the amount of impact and expresses the value as a number.

why the hell What does that mean?

If it is to discriminate those who go to Kergo, isn't it enough to simply indicate pass and fail?

Depending on the long term of the major, the deviation of scores becomes enormous. In such a state, everyone must be evaluated.

The emotion that arose there was one.

'Obsessed with scores. He becomes anxious when his peers score higher than him. If you get a lower score than yourself, you will be ignored. If there is no perfect understanding of each other's roles, discord will inevitably arise. And what awaits at the end of that rule... … .'

You can send 1 person through the sacrifice of 1 person.

Sirone took a deep breath. What the hell is Miro thinking? This was an evaluation made to kill each other.

“Sirone, let’s just leave when that person is finished.”

Amy whispered. She must have thought the same thing, but her eyes showed tension.

Ryan and Tess were also making serious expressions as if something was strange.

Since they emphasized camaraderie, it was natural to be sensitive to this atmosphere, and since the evaluation was clearly unfavorable to the prosecutor, it would have been quicker to grasp the intention of the rule.

As expected, the leader did not know what to do. He felt that the gaze of his mercenary colleagues was different from before.

“Whoa, whoa, whoaaaaa!”

The leader ran without even having time to catch his breath. He's charging, but in Sirone's eyes, it's as if he's running away from something.

Is the schema opened properly? Where is the location of the sword? What is the distance to the target. As he ran without knowing anything, his steps staggered.

I breathed in a short breath and swung the sword as if falling down, and the sword with poor accuracy hit the side of the sphere and bounced off.

“Kuh! shit!"

The leader, who was trying to get out of the altar through the time-space of the maze, hurriedly regained his balance and looked back.

The number 32 floated.

But no one laughed. Their faces hardened as if they had been terribly humiliated.

“What, what! You can't even get through! Is it because you did it? Let's get out!”

The leader left the altar with useless brute force. However, his feet were heading away from his comrades.

'That party is over. If I leave here, it will probably disintegrate.'

Sirone thought it was time to stop at this point. It's a pity that he can't take on the challenge again, but he couldn't add anything more by taking out the mercenaries whose trust was broken.

"excuse me… … Please translate for me.”

Sirone asked the archer. Even when I went, there was one thing I wanted to check.

The archer also readily accepted, perhaps feeling a sense of collapse in the current situation.

"okay. What can I ask you?”

“Has anyone passed through this gate so far?”

The man with the white tattoo nodded resolutely.

“It is a gateway to pass through. It's not a trap.”

“How many points must come out of the space-time of the maze to pass?”

“The eight eyes of an angel will judge you.”

The man repeated what he had said at the beginning. In the end, everything was decided by the time and space of the maze.

Sirone thought for a moment before asking the last question.

“What percentage of the people who come here pass?”

“I don’t know exactly. Sometimes several people come, sometimes one person comes. From what I've seen, it seems to pass about 1 out of 10 times. Most of them had a high pass rate when they came alone.”

Sirone was startled. It was a much higher percentage than expected.

At first, I thought there might not be a passer-by. It was because of the assumption that Miro's purpose in designing this place was not simply to evaluate skills.

Of course, that opinion remains unchanged. But the man with the white tattoo said there must be a passerby. That too, at a staggering rate of 10 percent.

The corners of Sirone's lips trembled as he smiled. A shudder ran up his spine.

"Sirone, what's wrong all of a sudden?"

“The headmaster… … He’s a real naughty boy.”

"huh? What do you mean all of a sudden?”

Amy asked back questioningly, but Sirone was not in the mood to answer. Alpheas's voice sounded like an hallucination.

- You should be able to get a rough idea of ​​what the world Miro lives in is like.

Not roughly, but I knew for sure. He was saying that if you couldn't pass this level of difficulty, you shouldn't try to learn about the maze.

'I'm sorry, Headmaster. But I found out.'

Sirone did not give up. I was sure to pass through this place during the travel period.

Amy guessed as she looked at Sirone who didn't answer.

'You didn't give up, Sirone.'

If so, don't give up either. At first, I was just following to help Sirone, but now I really want to know about a woman named Miro.

---------------------------------------