On the brink (1)

Lasers that passed through Ataraxia penetrated the atmosphere and transmitted information to an altitude of 6,000 km.

The power generated when a mass of more than 10 tons fell to the ground was enough to devastate a city.

It was such a dangerous magic that even Syrone, the magic developer, had cast it only once, in heaven.

'What are you going to do?'

Watching Sirone shoot the laser, Minerva tilted her head.

The shock force generated at the moment God's punishment falls will not be at a level that humans can withstand.

'Then it's the same after all, right?'

Sirone focused all her attention on the sky.

'It's not magic that you can't control.'

Just another disaster.

Although it had unprecedented destructive power, it was the reason Sirone hadn't taken it out until now.

'It's different now.'

A spear tipped toward the ground due to the information accumulated in space. The difference from before is that a triangular-shaped seeker was installed in the middle of the spear.

Three lines of lasers were fired from the seeker.

“That’s it!”

Mi Nerva, who climbed above the clouds in a jet, checked the laser penetrating the atmosphere.

'Laser guidance device.'

Looking down, the Law of Singh had a red dot on the top of the argantis, which I couldn't quite figure out.

'It must have been a huge mental drain.'

Shooting up itself is a trigger, so there is no problem.

However, in order to attach a seeker to God's Punishment, the Spirit Zone must operate at 6,000 kilometers in the sky.

Literally everything, the final blow.

'But with this, precision strikes became possible. As long as it falls properly, the damage can be minimized.'

The remaining issue is time.

According to her calculations, it will take at least 10 minutes for God's punishment to reach the surface.

If Argantis is released within it, the precision strike is over and the capital is destroyed.

'Can Thing do it?' Thing said about five minutes.

However, she could earn a few more minutes if she threw away everything and ran.

'Still, it's breathtaking.'

Turning Jet's bangs, Minerva flew vertically down.

'Sirone is defenseless.'

When they reached the ground, Sirone was looking up at the sky with her eyes closed.

Each time the seeker's laser was precisely manipulated, the half-visible pupils swayed left and right.

The smallest strategic weapon in the world.

A bitter smile crept across Minerva's lips.

'… … I'm glad he's a good guy.' After all, the essence is human.

Until the magic succeeds, no stimulus should be given to him.

“Catch Yahweh!”

Corps commander Amon became a disaster, but the demons, including the division commander, were still in good health.

Whether or not you know the existence of divine punishment, it is only natural to run at the most hated Yahweh.

"come."

Demonic beasts with an average height of over 4 meters pushed in like a wall, blocking the view.

“Bastards.”

Minerva's eyes widened, and her body changed into that of a young girl.

All sorts of wounds, bruises, and rope marks were engraved on the white skin.

“Aaaaaang!”

At the same time as the demons raised their claws, the illusion of the girl disappeared and she emitted the witch's pheromone.

“Big… …

When the monsters stiffened, recalling the fear before becoming demons, fire spewed out of the jet.

The jet that received the momentum swung in full swing, and the faces of the monsters bent in the same direction.

“Did you like it when you played with it?” Minerva sucked deeply into the smoking pipe and spewed smoke forward.

Calamity Magic, The Walking Dead.

As the demons who lost their reason bit the demons next to them, the flow of attack was reversed to the outside.

“Kyahahaha! die! die!"

Her true character is the way she slashes down the jet and smashes the heads of demons.

Fried, who was running on the roof, clicked his tongue.

"Anyway, he's a ssamer." Anyway, I knew what Sirone's method was.

“I feel bad about this.”

Fried raised his head and looked up at Argantis, who twisted his body grotesquely, bound by the law.

“Something like a tree… …

The moment when he created a blue electric shock with his right hand and was about to fly off the roof.

"Help me!"

Screams were heard from under the building.

A family besieged by demons was holding each other and shedding tears.

'Huh, like a human.'

If you die, you die.

'Everyone's life is hard. Do you know how much blood I pooped to get here? don't you know Then just die.'

I heard the demon's voice.

“Hahaha! The woman is mine!”

"mom! mom!"

I heard my daughter's voice.

"honey! Aaaaaa! You children!” Free while listening to the sound gradually moving away

Dee soared into the air.

I thought a lot.

“Patience.”

Fried's face turned into a tear-stain.

"I'm really going crazy!"

Right before the spear was pierced in the chest of the husband who blocked his wife, there was a sword attack that transcended the speed of sound.

“Uh, huh?”

In an instant, the decapitated demons collapsed, and the family raised their heads in surprise.

Fried stood there with an annoyed expression.

“… … That's why I don't want to come down." Because humans are no longer human.

“Hahaha! Were there still apostles of justice? But you will regret it!” When the brigade commander gave instructions, countless demons pointed their spears at Freed.

“Please save me! please my family...

Fried looked at their daughter bitterly.

“The apostle of justice is an asshole. Live and die, it's all up to you. Do you know that I am trying to save someone’s life?”

After coldly rejecting the man, he spat out as he moved towards the demons.

“Still, don’t touch the family. Would you be happy if I caught your daughter and cut her off?”

"huh? daughter?"

As the brigade commander looked around, his men shook their heads and shrugged.

“Don’t we have anything like that?” Fried was there.

Since ancient times, a man said that the sword is the best, and he was a son who quarreled with his father, a wizard, every day.

"That's why you don't know, you guys." Freed firmly gripped the handle of his sword.

“How far can humans go?”

“Kill.”

At the same time as the demons came out, Fried swung his sword while creating a strong wind.

As if the originally separated thing was thrown into the air, the demons were split every time the flash passed.

“Things that don’t matter.”

The family bowed their heads as Fried, who had sorted out the situation in a short time, brushed off the blood on his sword.

"thank you! thank you!" can't leave them behind

Then, what to do with the lives of other family members who are dying at this very moment?

'It's really difficult. That's why I hate you, Sirone.'

Why do you live so complicated?

'but… …

When Sirone stared straight at him and revealed her beliefs, the emotions that passed through her head.

'I wanted my son to grow up like you.'

would have been proud

“Ah, Mr.”

Wiping his eyes, he looked at Argantis again.

It was still caught by the law, but unlike a little while ago, it seemed to be more active.

“… … It's bloody shit over there too.”

Thing let out a deep breath, gritted his teeth again, and glared at Argantis.

'That's an illusion!'

It's not real.

'Only I am the real one. me thinking me that exists all laws except me

O......'

Her bracelet, the legal armament 'Jinjon', vibrated and suppressed the demon's will.

“Kneel before me!” oh oh oh oh!

As Argantis let out a groan and struggled in frustration, veins ran up Singh's face.

'I can't let go yet!'

The five minutes he had already told Sirone had passed.

“Thing.”

I heard Amanta's voice.

As the world wheel, which had grown to a diameter of 20 meters, rotated rapidly, the people around it disappeared one by one.

Ting asked without turning his head.

“How much did you get?”

“We can save as much as the number of deaths. I don’t know how wide Terraforce’s shelter is.”

It will be enough.

“What happened to Sirone? If you continue like this, even my laws will be twisted.”

“I’m going to cast the magic that sent Arabot away. They said it would take quite a while. He's also groggy because of the laser guidance.”

“Was it like that?”

Singh's face changed seriously.

“Release the law after 30 seconds. The shock wave will be huge. Evacuate the people around the demonic waters first.”

“What are you going to do?”

“Anyway, I can't make it on time. The point is, you just need to hit the demon tree directly.”

Amanta immediately nodded.

“I will.”

Right after the world wheel receded, Thing started counting.

And when the count reached 30, the law that oppressed Argantis was released.

oh oh oh oh!

Black branches fluttered like seaweed, as if to vent the resentment they had so far.

The air was ripped as if struck by a whip, and all the buildings in the area were swept away.

'I don't have to stop everything!'

Thing made a quick deal.

As the hands moved, causing afterimages, thousands of rings were born from the roots of Argantis.

'All I have to do is hold on to the main body!' The strongest golden magician, the three thousand worlds of extinction. The loop, which coiled endlessly along the trunk, finally spread out into the thick branches.

It was like grabbing a human arm from left and right.

'I can hold on now!'

However, the small branches that the three thousand worlds could not hold on to were pouring attacks on the ground with anger.

“Damn it!”

Fried cut the branches in front of his family.

“Do it in moderation!”

Although it was extremely small compared to the main body, each stem was enough to pierce the house.

“Aww! mister! mister!"

The moment Fried cut off dozens of branches, the ground began to vibrate.

“What is this again?”

Ooh oh oh oh oh!

Argantis, which had not absorbed nutrients for a long time, could not handle the huge body.

"I want to eat!"

Sound leaked from tens of thousands of mouths.

"I want to eat! give it! something to eat... … Kwuh ahhh!”

Strong acidic vomit gushed out from the mouth hanging under the demon tree.

As soon as it touched the ground, toxic gas rose.

“Damn it… … !”

it is flowing backwards.

As if a water bottle had been punctured, green liquid continued to spurt down its torso.

'If it goes up like this... …

The moment the backflowing liquid reached the top, acid rain equivalent to a volcanic eruption would fall.

“Aaaaaaa!”

Families covered their faces in agony from the toxic gas blown in by the wind.

“Go home!”

As I stood on my back in front of my family, blocking the wind, the roots that climbed up the building tangled like a twist and rushed in.

"mister!"

When I looked back, the roots that had turned sharp like an awl were already in front of my eyes.

Aaaaaaaang!

The family members, who closed their eyes tightly at the roar, slowly lifted their eyelids after realizing the silence.

“Ha ha, these are really… …

Freed, who raised his sword to block the attack, frowned and slashed the roots.

Amanta's voice was heard in the air.

“The situation has gotten worse.”

Freed, who glanced up, said as he dismantled the armor of the five chiefs one by one.

“I'll fix it. Bring your family here too.”

“What are you going to do?”

“I’m spraying diarrhea, but I have to plug my butt hole. I will go up while being supported by lightning.”

“Can you? Quite high.”

Fried looked back as if he was saying something.

"Can't you see I'm taking off my armor?" To the body that reached the peak of training, Amanta spoke as she rotated the world wheel.

"do it faster. Something huge is falling.”

“What do you know?”

Grabbing his sword, Freed charged at Argantis at a speed comparable to flying in the sky.

“Already switched modes.”

It was a mode that activates 'when a guy you really want to beat appears'.