[116] Unexpected guest (1)

The first half of the magic school is over.

There was a lot of talk and a lot of trouble, but the atmosphere was warm at the end of the semester.

The teachers were also joking around with their students, waiting for the time to go home.

Swordsmanship schools, which mainly focus on physical training, teach rest as an important skill as training. However, just because it was a magic school that trained the mind didn't mean to overlook that fact.

Even though the mind is invisible, it is definitely a function that is equipped with human beings. Even the most persistent students needed time to cool their overheated heads.

However, since you must not let go of the tension, Alpheas Magic School requires students who have not held a presentation to write a thesis on a free theme.

Of course, this was not the case for Sirone. He received the highest score at the presentation of 'Invisible Things' held by the Supernatural Spiritual Science Research Society, and was able to enjoy his vacation in peace.

On the day of vacation when the students left one by one, Sirone visited the 3rd training center, which was empty.

It was a place that was noisy every day with the sound of chanting and the explosion of magic, but now there was only quiet silence.

The 3rd training hall was one of the largest among the training halls. A 1,600-meter track ran around the perimeter, and in an area divided into eight equal parts, there were devices for testing various magical effects.

Sirone entered the mobile magic training ground. There are countless movement magics that wizards can use, such as teleportation, fly, dark port, and air walk. The best environment to practice all that magic was a desolate vacant lot.

Sirone looked back on the achievements of half a year there.

'First of all, movement magic.'

Sirone's main movement magic was teleportation. From there, he developed further and learned the Rainbow Drop, which can move in a curve, and the Patrol skill, which can move left and right at high speed.

Among the achievements, photon output was also indispensable. 

At first, it was just magic to convey information, but as he realized the particles of God, it transformed into a powerful attack magic, Photon Cannon.

Thanks to this, he was able to easily learn the flash magic that keeps the light for a long time.

Sirone was not satisfied there and continued to evolve. He developed the laser by mathematically reversing the photon cannon.

The photon cannon had a high single impact, but the cumulative damage of the laser was close to infinite. It was a terrifying magic that destroyed any solid object other than a material that was not affected by laser waves.

'Come to think of it, I must have worked pretty hard too.'

Sirone smiled happily. Most of all, what made me feel good was the fact that the level of major magic had jumped a notch. 

Currently, Sirone's theory of photonization has gone beyond quasi-light speed and is in the realm of sub-light speed. The reason Sirone visited the training ground was also to try space movement, which was said to be impossible except for a sub-light magician.

“How does it feel?”

It was on a different level from instant movement. I heard that you can clearly experience the uniqueness of light that folds space-time from space movement.

When I opened the spirit zone, I felt the surrounding scenery clearly through synesthesia. Concentrating her consciousness on one point, Sirone performed photonization magic at the level of sub-light speed.

The moment he combined omniscience and omnipotence and tilted his center, his body evaporated into light. A flash of light soared high into the sky and in an instant fell to the ground.

Upon arriving at her destination, Sirone let out a rough breath with a pale face.

“Heo-eok! All right, all right!”

For the first time in my life, my heart beat faster. The scenery itself was different from the momentary movement.

When teleportation is cast, the world crumples and feels like it is being pushed. However, moving in space felt like the sky and the earth were rotating as if the world had folded.

'This is space travel. I have no mind. I can't use it in battle with this.'

I heard that even Ethella, a certified 6th-class wizard, focused on teleportation in the confrontation with Arcane. In the end, it was proof that space movement was not effective during combat.

The point where space movement really shined was in a moving situation, not a battle.

If you're moving long distances, you run the risk of crashing into cover if you cast Teleport. Therefore, no matter how wide the spirit zone is, most of them are based on an interval of less than 10 meters. 

However, space movement can literally jump through space regardless of cover. 

Of course, in order to have a visible effect, the radius of the spirit zone had to be incomparably wider than it is now.

Currently, the diameter of Syrone's Spirit Zone is approximately 50 meters. Among the students, it was a standard size, but there was a feeling that it was insufficient to handle advanced magic such as space movement.

In the end, the magic level was too high compared to the Spirit Zone. Normally, magic follows the level of the spirit zone, but the unlocker, Sirone, has overcome the theoretical barriers with her outstanding insight.

'The balance has become asymmetrical. Am I supposed to like this?'

Of course, the growth of Spirit Zone was not small either. This is because the size is similar to that of the beginning of admission, but the durability itself is different.

If you were to expand the zone to the level of half a year ago, even a diameter of 100 meters would not be a problem. 

However, while casting advanced magic in that state, the zone is broken. So it was reasonable to assume that John's radius was still 50 meters.

'Haha, people will laugh at me if I say that I move to a zone this size.'

According to a rough calculation, the zone had to be at least 200 meters in diameter for spatial movement to be effective in practice.

If a wizard receives an urgent mission and moves 10 kilometers, he must cast 1,000 times to reach it by teleportation. However, a wizard with a zone of 200 meters in diameter can cover the distance with only 50 spatial movements.

Being able to reduce the casting time by 950 times in a time-sensitive real battle was a tremendous efficiency.

“Just learning powerful magic isn't everything. You can't become a great wizard without the support of the Spirit Zone."

In addition, even if you train the spirit zone, it was not a good idea to only widen the radius. 

You need to increase the size while having enough durability for the main magic to work. In addition, to increase the accuracy of magic, you had to pay attention to the density.

“Oh my God… … .”

Sirone opened his mouth blankly. He felt as if the road he was going to walk stretched out all the way to the horizon.

Zone's radius and durability, omnipotence and omnipotence, application and proficiency, practical experience and judgment, etc. The knowledge that a wizard had to learn was endless.

More than anything, what thrilled Sirone was the fact that all of these qualities had to rise simultaneously while achieving a balance.

Upon realizing that fact, he began to see vaguely the form of the path he was pursuing and what magic was.

Sirone felt joy. 

It was because it was proof of growth that I could vaguely feel the reality in the near-infinite magic world.

The same goes for Shiina, Etela, and Arcane. All of them have reached that position after undergoing tremendous training. It was a tough road, of course, but I never thought it was a broken bridge.

'can do. I can go higher.'

Since I succeeded in being promoted to Class 4, I can apply for the senior class at any time from the next semester. And when you finally graduate, you will become the wizard of your dreams.

“I am a wizard… … .”

Sirone's heart pounded just from imagining it. He once thought he would have to live in the mountains for the rest of his life. But now it was different. His longed-for dream was becoming a reality.

“Come to think of it, a lot happened.”

When I first entered school, there were times when I was scolded by my classmates for not being able to handle magic. Didn't he even take an unusual teleportation test in return for that?

"haha! Now that I think about it, it was really pathetic.”

Sirone left the mobile magic training ground and entered the cutting magic training ground in the 4th district.

As a place to test magical cutting power, a highly viscous cylindrical target was floating on top of the magic circle.

Sirone approached the target and held out his hand.

“Wind cutter.”

At the same time as the chanting, a strong wind blew up. As the sharp wind clawed at the target, the cylinder halved with a slap.

Air majors train by setting the horoscope to the maximum, but Sirone, who is trying it for the first time, is satisfied with the fact that the magic has succeeded.

“Hehe, it’s as simple as this.”

Currently, Sirone's battery has become incomparably stronger than at the beginning of admission.

Since he passed all subjects with a score of 80 or higher, the basic magic, wind cutter, was not a problem.

Of course, not everyone could achieve omnipotence just because they knew the battery. The reason why the magic he tried for the first time can be manifested immediately is because Sirone's tendency is closer to insight than analysis.

Wizards can be largely divided into theoretical and sensory groups. Each has its strengths and weaknesses, but when trying a certain task for the first time, it was inevitable that the sensory wave would learn faster than the theoretical wave.

In particular, Sirone belonged to the side with a very clear tendency. The reason why Arcane said earlier that he was the type to learn from Shirone in battle also stems from this.

Reviewing the results of the past half year, Sirone smiled with satisfaction. He seemed to have become quite a wizard by now, even to himself.

“Hey, Sirone!”

"what?"

When I looked around the track, Nade and Iruki were waving. 

Sirone, who was about to run away, suddenly came up with an interesting idea and stopped walking. 

Then, the spirit zone was converted into a target type, and the distance to friends was calculated and space movement was cast.

With a whimper and a scratching sound, Sirone's body fell in front of the two in an instant.

"It's a surprise! What, what did you just do?”

Nade backed away in surprise. Iruki also opened her eyes wide as if he hadn't expected it.

“Could it be space travel? Were you practicing until the end of the semester?”

Sirone replied with a shy smile.

"no. You won't be able to practice at the training ground for the time being. I stopped by to review one last time.”

“But space transfer was the first successful today, right? but it's so amazing Just try again.”

When Ned made a fuss, Iruki clicked his tongue.

“What is interesting? It's not the first time I've seen it."

“No, I think it’s the first time I’ve seen someone my age cast it, right? I thought it was just like that when the teachers did it, but it feels different when Sirone does it.”

“Well, space movement is a difficult magic even for seniors.”

It wasn't called a major for nothing. Teleportation is the basics of wizards, but it was close to the major from space movement.

Of course, like teleportation, space movement is also classified as over power, so it is essential to learn at the level of the official 6th grade.

However, it was much more difficult than expected to use sub-light speed at the student level, even for majors.

“But so far there is no use for it. The travel distance is too short.”

“Why is it useless? At least you surprised Nade.”

"what? When did you say I was surprised? I can do plasma too. Can you show me here?”

Nade was angry, but it was already at the point where the defeat was revealed. Iruki waved his hand in annoyance and said to Sirone.

"it's okay. Anyway, to sum it up, this is it. You were indulging in narcissism while casting great magic in an empty place, right?”

Sirone blushed. It was only a review of the results of the past half year, but in a sense, Iruki's words were not wrong.

“No, I'm not like that… … .”

“Well, that’s enough for you. Because you are the person who showed the greatest growth this semester. Anyway, if you're satisfied, let's go say hello."

"Oh right. It's already this time.”

Most of the students went home, but some students stayed at school like Sirone and others. It was to express gratitude to the teachers who worked hard during the semester.

The three left the training ground and found the building where the teachers are staying. I could see all the dorm doors were open and cleaners were cleaning every room.

Sirone found the meeting place. As expected, numerous teachers were chatting over teacups before leaving for their hometowns.

---------------------------------------