Dongguk and Seoguk (4)

The entrance to the Attogram was an arched gate 30 meters high.

The reason why there is no sense of incongruity despite the huge size is probably because the city walls are much higher.

- Check user code. access permission.

Unlike reality, everything was automatic here, and the huge iron doors opened left and right.

Even the first scene that caught her eye made Sirone's eyes spin.

“Hey, isn’t that a lot?”

A variety of aircraft that come and go in the cutting-edge city.

The neon sign of the building flashed in so many colors that it made me dizzy.

“Yolga's son has agreed to meet in the evening, so let's go hunting in the meantime. Because the level is raised by us.”

Death Princess said.

“How about matching the parts first? It’s kind of annoying to do with a rifle.”

A team passing by the street burst into laughter when they saw Sirone and the others.

"haha! Hey, look at those kids. Isn't that an old helmet? Do you still have that?”

“I remember the old days. I wrote that and grabbed Metal Rat. Are there still Tenmen?”

The Demon God of Destruction 707 hit the ground.

“Ah, those! If I hadn't washed the code name, you wouldn't have even spoken to me.”

Sirone asked.

“You said you were level 180, right? Maybe that user is higher. Because high-level people also gather here.”

“No, just looking at that, I wonder if it’s level 100. You can tell just by looking at the pants. It's made by Spread. They only handle sheep-shaped products there. If you're over level 100 and still have that thing equipped, it's really funny.”

The strongest code name said.

“When you arrive at the Attogram, about 20,000 galaxies gather. Usually, buying packaged parts is the standard.”

Sirone asked.

“Then what about the selective option? I keep blinking that I can buy something at the 'electronic store'.”

Death Princess said.

“No beginner tips. Because it is uncomfortable during the hunt. Let me tell you. Go into the selective options first.”

As I did, I saw a slot, and an 'electronic shop' sign appeared below it.

“The features of Selective Options can be purchased at electronic stores. Of course, there will be only 'communication' now. That's 20,000 galaxies, but it's less efficient than buying packages. Unless you are going to do organized activities like Ten Man.”

“Well, we just need to communicate verbally. By the way, there is only one slot. Are you adding functions to it?”

"huh. One more slot will be added at level 20 and one more at level 30. There are a total of three options available. And from level 40, new features are registered in the 'electronic store' every 10 levels. From then on, choose and combine options according to your taste, situation, and mission.”

The strongest code name said.

“Anyway, if Yoga's son supports you, you can buy a telecom, but it's a matter of mood. We have some time until evening, so let’s buy a package and go hunting.”

God of Destruction 707 looked back at Sirone.

“Yes, but are you sure Yolgas son is helping you? Then can I get the galaxy too?”

“Perhaps. I don't know how far I can help, but I'll have to vomit everything I have.”

This is because the future of mankind is at stake.

"really? You look very friendly.”

There seemed to be some misunderstanding, but there was no need for a long line.

"haha! what… …

Destruction Demon God 707 pointed to the city.

“Then let's go to 'Maron'. Maronsa is the best for beginners.”

When I entered the commercial area specializing in parts, it was crowded with people.

“There are so many.”

“The most important thing in high gear is the parts after the level. A total of 270 companies set up shop here. Some of them are run by users.”

“A user?”

"of course. Now users can exchange all items. There are users who sell parts at the stand, and there are also cases where they buy and open stores with Eunha.”

Death Princess added.

“User-made parts should be purchased carefully. It has many unique or outstanding features, but it is weak in terms of balance. If your right arm is a product of the 'Megamix' company and it is not compatible, then you are just wasting money.”

"That's your story."

At the words of the strongest code name, Princess Death became furious.

"So that's what you're talking about! If there are enough galaxies, we can experiment with anything, but we are poor. You have to be as careful as possible when purchasing.”

When they arrived at 'Maron', a humanoid body with a steel frame was approaching them.

"welcome. How can I help you?"

“I want to buy parts. Marron Package Beginner. It's still 20,000 galaxies, right? When is the three-day period?” The guide robot, which kindly answered the question of Destruction Demon 707, brought a box larger than a human.

“Did you pay a lot of attention to the packaging?”

Looking at the outside, a beautiful girl winked at me as if asking me to buy it.

“All commercial parts come in boxes. If you open the box, there is no refund. There are users who don’t use them but collect a few for a specific model.”

“Then I can't check the contents. Well, since it’s a program, isn’t there anything wrong with it?”

“There is nothing to do. You can still check the contents. If you look at the box, there will be an artificial intelligence simulation mark. If you touch it, you can have a virtual experience.”

Swallowing the words, 'This is virtual,' Sirone reached out to the box.

An electrical signal scanned the sirone, and it was in a state of wearing parts before I knew it.

"what?"

The appearance was almost the same, but bearings were embedded in each joint, and the joint surface was visible on the face.

"haha! Aren't you curious? You can experiment with this and that and buy it if you like it. Oh, as Princess Death said, be careful because the items sold by users do not have this function.”

'The joints... …

Turning her elbows 360 degrees, Shirone turned her neck joint to look behind her.

“It’s really strange.”

Death Princess said.

“It will be awkward at first. But the drive joint itself is very convenient in battle. Of course, if you go later, there will be durability problems. Lion anyhow. We don’t have a galaxy where we can buy anything other than this.”

Just like everyone else, Sirone raised her palm to 'Buy' in the box and paid for the galaxy.

“Choose an immediate replacement. If you go later, you'll experience it anyway, but that's a bit strange.”

I was curious about the exchange of human bodies, but I was still more reluctant.

"huh. Replace immediately.”

When the transaction was over, the replacement process was omitted, and four people who turned into androids were born.

"Let's hunt now. You'll get used to the parts if you play a little bit. Now, where do we start?”

The strongest code name said.

“I have no nationality, so I have to go to the neutral zone. Of course, that's annoying too

I will have it.”

After exiting the North Gate of the Attogram, there was an abandoned city a kilometer away.

A creepy-looking creature resided there, and some users were happily hunting.

Spatial Intelligence: Destroy-033

“Destroy is a basic hunting ground in high gear. Since it's level 10, let's catch the robot. Can you see that?”

The aircraft caught my eye as it patted the ground with its tripod feet and looked around.

When the automatic aim caught it, Sirone's right arm went through a mechanical transformation.

Chiing! Chiing!

In less than a second, before I knew it, my hand had turned into a hand-held muzzle.

"Ahh!"

“It seems a little bearable. Beginner parts are good enough for this. Anyway, the main firepower of this part is energy bullets. See the vertical gauge on the side of your field of view?”

"huh. It says 1,000/1,000.”

“Energy bullets use batteries. One battery can fire 1,000 rounds. Other companies also sell live ammunition, but Eunha can't afford it. Efficiency goes down.”

“How much is the battery?”

“500 galaxies. That's enough money to live on no matter how much hunting is ruined. Let's start now.”

Gunshots rang out at Destroy-033.

The speed was incomparably faster than when it was bio, and the firepower was powerful.

bang! bang!

Every time the four energy bullets were concentrated, the War Robot was smashed with a thrilling sound.

“Five hundred feet left.”

“But I’ve already collected 2,000 galaxies. If you catch it a little more, the level will rise.”

The one with the highest score was Sirone.

"there! And over there!”

He was destroying the War Robot by spinning his elbow joints as well as his neck joints.

'… … Adaptability is awesome. They said it was gross at times.'

Anyway, one thing was clear.

'He said he was new to high gear, but this guy's been through a lot of fights.'

I have watched rankers' raids through satellite relay.

All the strategies and tactics, quickness and judgment that made me realize that function isn't everything.

'The level is low, but... …

As I watched the battle of Yahweh 2, the thrill I felt from them surged like a sense of déjà vu.

'What the hell is he doing?'

For the first time, I was curious about his identity, but the God of Destruction 707 shook his head.

He, too, would not be in a good mood if someone were digging into the identity of reality.

'Let's go hunting.'

With that thought in mind, Sirone suddenly shouted loudly.

"damage!"

At the same time, sparks flew from Princess Death's body.

“Ugh!”

When the remaining three turned their heads, someone was smirking 250 meters in front of them.

'User codename... …

5 minutes before opening.

'It's Seoguk.'

Shirone felt it in advance through her feelings, but there was nothing she could do about it other than verbally conveying it.

Death Princess shouted.

"hey! What are you doing? do you want to die?"

"haha! sorry. It's a mistake, a mistake. Stop trying to catch the wolf on the other side... … . Sorry."

The company apologized 5 minutes before the opening, but the party was still displeased.

'You sound like a mistake.'

There was no way the automatic aim would make a mistake, and looking at the parts covering the joints, they were over level 20.

'Do level 20 hunt here?'

I wanted to fight, but I turned around because I didn't want to lose the equipment I bought.

“Never mind, let’s go. That guy, he's doing that because he's bored. They only pick and harass beginners.”

Sirone examined the side of Princess Death.

“It’s broken.”

"huh. Durability is 80/100. It's Maron's bolt gun. Let us just avoid it. The gloves will be above us too.”

When the person concerned said that, Sirone also stepped back and glared at the game five minutes ago.

He smiled and waved his hand.

By the time they hunted for another 10 minutes, Sirone felt an irritating sensation again.

"damage… …

bang

Princess Death's left arm was smashed.

'Penetration judgment.'

It was clear that he was aiming intently, and Si Lone turned around widening his eyes.

5 minutes before the opening, he rubbed his head.

"haha! sorry! I made another mistake. I'll be really careful from now on, so just take a look.”

Sirone didn't believe it.

"let's fight. That's evil.”

“If we fight back, we will become hostile. If you die in that state, your loot will be taken away. That's what he's aiming for... …

Before he could finish his words, Sirone kicked off the ground and fired the energy gun at 5 minutes ago.

"ha ha ha! did you shoot This is hostilities!”

A level 23 artificial intelligence was automatically avoiding Sirone's bullets.

'It's easy, like Maron.'

He probably didn't have much anyway, but he wanted to see the bitter reaction of users.

“This is what a bolt gun is.” The energy bullets flew out with a much heavier sound than Sirone's weapon.

and Sirone.

"huh?"

He evaded the bullets fired like a hail of fire and continued to try to counterattack. the distance is getting closer

"uh? uh?"

The probability of dodging 5 minutes before the game began to drop rapidly towards 0%.