face to face (4)

The day has passed.

“Aww.”

When Amy woke up from bed and moved her body as usual, muscle pain all over her body surged.

'It looks like it fell off a cliff.'

Grabbing my aching back, I limped and looked at the scenery outside the window.

I saw Nane and Shura, who woke up early in the morning, cultivating a small vegetable garden.

'what are you doing?'

The world is heading towards ruin, and the Buddha of the age is plowing the field.

Sensing their gaze, Nane straightened her back and looked around the cabin.

With Nane's smile in her eyes, Amy remembered what he had said yesterday.

'I have to say something that makes sense.'

It was understandable that he wanted to become Sirone's heart in order to understand her.

'Is it love that you want to do?' The moment I asked myself that question, I suddenly realized.

'Why do I love Sirone?'

Maybe, as Nane said, simply giving one's heart is all about love.

“Ah, okay! It's none of my business, is it?”

More worrying than that, was the fact that Shura had heard yesterday that the army of Heaven had arrived.

'Havitz alone is daunting. Iruki will have a hard time. No, not on that level... …

It will be the worst war ever.

Amy, who had been thinking that far, looked at Nane with a different mind than a moment ago.

His face was full of tattoos, so he was vicious, but his smile was as naive as ever.

'I don't think he's a bad guy.'

I didn't even want to imagine what would have happened if I had been caught by Havitz instead of Nane.

'If he's on Sirone's side... …

Above all, Nane was the one who swallowed the dream of Ankera ruling the army of Heaven.

Perhaps reading Amy's thoughts, you and I shook our heads with mischievous expressions.

"red!"

When do you say you love me?

'No, no.'

It was dangerous to expect that way, so Amy shook her head.

'I have no choice but to fight.'

It was so hard that the body couldn't even run yet, but magic wasn't done with the body.

When I opened the cabin door and went out, Shura stood up, removing the hood she was wearing on her head.

“If you get lazy. Come quickly and help.”

"why me?"

“Those who do not work must not eat. I don't know? If you don't want to starve, pick up pebbles.”

I wouldn't die if I didn't eat for a day or so, but I didn't want to be childishly stubborn.

“Me too, Homi… …

you intervened

“Are you feeling well?”

"don't worry. I will pay for the meal.”

Nane smiled as Amy pouted and puffed out her cheeks.

“Guests don't have to do the work. Leave it to us here to do what you want to do. If you go into the woods over there, there is a good place to train your mind.”

“Because it’s okay. And I hope you don't pretend to be friendly. It's because the chicken is growing." I wasn't offended.

“Don’t do that and go. You are a soldier, and the world is on the verge of destruction, and if you are leisurely plowing the fields, you will burst into anger. It's not good for your body either.”

Recalling the mission, Amy came to her senses.

“Yeah, that’s right. what am i doing here? Whether you feed me or not, I will go to practice.” Without even listening to her answer, Shura threw her hoe and lost her temper.

“Aww, annoying! Nothing.”

“It’s not that the fire world is nothing.”

Shura kept her mouth shut.

At one time, Amy might have been just a strong wizard, but now she was a system.

'The pillar of fire at that time.'

I could still see the huge flames that had shot through the sky from the Canian Plateau.

“Sheesh!”

Shura glared at Nane.

“Then don’t you need to be even better? One day they will become our enemies.”

“Did you tell me? If you do not understand Sirone, you cannot become a true Buddha. The same goes for sirone. You must have realized the truth of the ball by now.”

“Isn’t it just because you’re pretty?”

"haha! I can't deny it.”

Shura's eyes widened.

“What kind of Buddha is that?”

Nane stroked Shura's hair.

“Pretty is pretty. The first quality to deal with the truth is not to turn a blind eye to the facts.”

Buddha's words are always right, so I should have accepted them this time too.

'Why am I like this?'

From the moment Nane confessed to Amy, what was the feeling that suppressed his heart?

'Buddha, why am I by your side?'

For the first time, that little fact felt bigger than the world's secrets.

Shura didn't ask until the end, and Nane just plowed the field again with a polite smile.

'Ignite!'

The moment the battery of ignition, the basis of fire magic, was installed, flames soared from Amy's body.

"wow."

Power that is so powerful that it surprises even oneself.

'Is this incarnation art?'

I felt like I had become the flame itself rather than a magician who handled the flame.

“But not enough.”

You cannot fight Heaven's army unless you have the power of the magic you cast in Kanian Highlands.

“Whoa. Whoa.”

I was afraid to take the first step because I had already passed the point of death once... … .

"Goes."

Amy was a soldier.

'Coffin of cowardice.'

As the focus point dug endlessly toward the cowardice, my consciousness faded away as if my brain had opened.

'I can't give up!'

If he couldn't control the inertia of coercion, he would die like in the Kanian Plateau.

“Big!”

Hong-Eun's eyes flashed 30 times per second, but it was impossible to control, and the flames grew endlessly.

'no! no!'

The moment I realized that the line of control had been severed, the flames burned like oil.

“Sermon. Jin 鎭

As Nane's voice resonated with the world, it subsided as if the flames of the world were suppressing it.

“Huh!”

It was as if someone had been submerged in the water until they were about to drown, and then someone grabbed them by the hair and pulled them out.

"ha! ha!"

Amy's spirit bounced out into the world.

After gasping for a long time with dilated pupils, she slowly turned her head to the side.

Nane was scratching her eyebrows with a puzzled face.

“It’s difficult. I was recommending mental training, not training with the resolution of life or death.”

“What does it matter?”

I wanted to argue fiercely, but my voice was quiet because I was helped by his sermon.

Nane walked with her hands behind her back.

“Your incarnation is dangerous. In fact, it is rare for humans to awaken the elements of the natural world as incarnations. Except for Sirone.”

Hexa itself was light.

“Of course, Amy is also unusual. Perhaps the spirit of fire resides in the human mind.”

'Jack O'Lantern.'

The fire spirit that Sirone gave as a gift from the outskirts of heaven has grown up with Amy.

“You mean it manifested as an incarnation?”

“I have maintained a higher affinity for fire than others. Of course, it is a level that cannot be reached without great training. It's a double-edged sword. If not handled properly, it will injure the drinker.”

'Incarnation is not simple.'

From the previous demonstration, I felt that repetitive training does not make you stronger like magic.

'ninth.'

It requires a special realization that can control the mind beyond the mind.

'That's why I can't meditate now. No, am I going to be able to do it?'

Amy herself knew best that she was far from a seeker.

you asked

"May I help you?"

"it's okay. I will study it myself.”

If I hadn't heard about yesterday, I didn't want to owe Nane any more.

“Don't make it complicated. It's only natural to help those who are in a state of mind. It has nothing to do with sirone. And maybe, I'll have a pretty decent birthday.”

He was the one closest to being right in this world.

"know. I still hate it.”

Nane let out a dejected laugh.

“You are really stubborn. Then I'll give you a hint. It wasn't very wrong. Of course, there is no such thing as big or small, but enlightenment is like that. fleeting flash. It’s a problem that can be solved in an instant with a slight twist.”

"All of a sudden?"

"yes. It's up to you. Just put down your stubbornness for a while.”

Amy pouted her lower lip.

“Then shall we try again? Don't worry about anything and fully open your incarnation.”

Nane stretched out her right arm.

“The Sermon Wall.”

The ocher-colored wall spread out like a fan and blocked out the surrounding scenery like a net.

Amy glared at her suspiciously, and Nane shrugged.

“At least I have to protect my land.”

“Hmm, good.”

I hadn't heard of the mantra, but I felt something when I was told to completely open up my incarnation.

'I was scared.'

This time I will be in control.

'Coffin of cowardice.'

Red eyes lit up and flames rose again around Amy.

“Huh!”

That's why it's so difficult.

'I know in my head... …

I thought the heart was lighter than a feather, but fear still lingered.

mind is sucked

“Huh billion!”

Again, the flames grew out of control and hit the ceiling of the defense wall that Nane had made.

'I have to stop here... …

Then Nane's voice rang in my head.

“Don’t stop.”

what?

“You are fire. It won't stop until you burn everything. Get bigger. It grows endlessly.”

"eternally'?"

A flash of light flashed through Amy's mind.

'I see!'

The only thing that can control fire.

“Yaaaaa!”

Amy broke through the limits of fear and increased her firepower in a trance.

'okay! burn out! Burn everything!'

As if turned into a bomb, Amy's mind was enveloped in the will of fire.

“Huh uh uh uh!”

The moment the will of fire penetrated beyond the speed of cowardice, a huge catharsis rushed in.

"is it so."

Nane smiled.

“Exactly.” When Amy came to her senses, all she could see was flames surrounding herself.

"this… …

It was small, but the flames were aimed in all directions like the thorns of a porcupine.

“The Will of Fire.”

Nane said as he set up the capital.

“The true intention of the fire world is to become a fire before it consumes itself. Remember that suppressing fire is a bigger fire.”

"sun… …

Amy, who had been listening to Nane's words in a daze, raised her hands and shouted.

“I did it! I did it!”

controlled the fire.

He had finally reached the level he had longed for since his days at magic school.

“I-I did it! I… … !”

Nane, who was watching them running around with tears in their eyes, smiled happily.

“You really like magic. Congratulations."

Amy's movements stopped.

“… … You got help after all.”

“You did it. I was once a wizard too, so I know how desperate you are. And just because I said a few words doesn’t count as helping.”

“When it comes to the words of the Buddha, the story is different. Honestly, if it was someone other than you, I wouldn't have risked my life to follow you.”

“If you dig that far… …

As Nane scratched her head in embarrassment, Amy also felt a little sorry.

'Yes, favors should be received as favors.'

“I really have no selfishness. It is you who risked his life, and if any seekers turn away from sentient beings who have lost their way... …

"thank you."

Amy said with a smile.

“This time I got help.”

Nane, who blinked for a moment at the unexpected reaction, suddenly realized.

'I see.'

It felt like I understood Sirone a little.