[672] Lord of Terror (3)

existence and non-existence.

It is defined separately like the front and back of a coin, but Park Ji-gam recognizes it as only one coin.

As the world of the small world was closed, Igor, the lord of terror, reappeared.

“How are you alive?”

The sight of Igor filling the horizon and uttering one voice at the same time was truly hideous.

However, Sirone was looking at La Enemie, who created the current situation.

'What is he thinking?'

The fact that even Igor, the head of the underworld's division, was under the design meant that La Enemy's long-cherished wish was far greater than expected.

“Can I get out of here again?”

The spear of the blue flame rushed in again, filling the space, but Sirone did not avoid it any longer.

'It must have been like this.'

The coin had been flipped from the moment Igor first appeared and thrust his spear into the ground.

'Turn over again.'

As the spear passed, it exploded in Sirone's face and pierced her torso and limbs.

However, like the moon reflected on the surface of the water, the ripples rippled and the body was quickly restored.

'This place is in my heart.'

Of course, I expected it, but guessing it and accepting it with my senses were completely different matters.

The reality of Igor, felt by his seventh sense, was as clear as when he grabbed an object with his hand.

“You weakling!”

Igor threw his spear frantically, but it didn't reach Sirone anymore.

Geumgangtae's spirit is clearly in the realm of non-existence.

However, Sirone was able to control her mind like her body, and the range of strengthening of the spirit zone generated from it was unmatched.

“Stop disappearing.”

When Sirone held out his hand, a halo was born, and a brilliant flash of light flew like a dagger and inserted 100% of the information in an instant.

“Kuaaaaa!”

Overwhelmed by the presence of a perfect circle, Igor let out a tear-jerking scream, and the photon cannon reinforced with a magical power amplifying device passed through Ataraxia with a bang and vibration.

Igor's scream faded into the distance as the world turned white.

aaaaa... … .

As the space they were in shrunk, they were endlessly sucked into Sirone's mind, and the events flowing from Sirone's retina in the other world also disappeared.

“… … .”

After blinking for a moment, Sirone looked down at her chest as if checking the battlefield she had fought so far, then raised her head.

The Spear of the Blue Flame was still stuck in the floor, and Igor sat silently on his horse.

“Pull out the window. You'll have to keep in mind that you too can perish here.”

“Car de Suma (the only one).”

Igor's right hand slowly grabbed the spear.

“Anke La (called).”

“Did he instruct me to instill fear? To rule my past.”

Guffin clearly said that Hexa had no cause.

But why does Sirone keep the past she has not experienced in her memory?

said Igor.

“La Enemy is an event that only existed in the past. But that incident is dangerous enough to tear down the borders of the other world. We are partners in space, but we are also enemies that must never be met. If you disappear, Ra Enemy will disappear too.”

It was the reason why Igor personally appeared to eliminate Sirone.

“Maybe. However, if the realm of existence is dominated, won’t this world be safe after all?”

“… … I guess so.”

“Free my comrades. Because I have no intention of giving up.”

Igor carefully studied Sirone's expression.

“Is it possible to stop Ra?”

“It’s not something I do because it’s possible.”

“La Enemy will eventually break the borders of the world. Do you think you can handle it?”

Countless non-existences that could only be interfered with will become real and roam the world.

'Well, just looking at the current situation.'

Aren’t mercenaries who have trained in their own way forcibly experiencing the trauma of the past?

If the boundaries were broken and Igor was released into the world, I could guarantee that it would become hell within a day, wherever it was.

“You know you can’t avoid it, right? If we don't stop it, everything will end eventually.”

Igor, who was carefully thinking about it, rummaged through his arms and pulled out a small, glowing blue flame.

“He who overcomes fear, receive the mark.”

Igor held out his hand, and blue flames flew like flower seeds and landed on Sirone's palm.

The blue flame received by the seventh sense was in the form of a necklace in the world of existence.

“Where there is fear, there I will be.”

The necklace of Igor, Lord of Terror.

Armand gave an immediate signal as Sirone put it around his neck through the gourd.

-New EEG detection. Paralysis of a series of mental processes that accompany fear.

It was the effect of forcibly dispelling fear.

It was a must-have item for Sirone, who was about to be dominated by La Enemy in the past.

“That will define you and me. Come to me when the time is right.”

Just like when Igor, who turned the dead horse, appeared, he opened the space vertically and disappeared.

When Igor's ability was lifted, the crew groaned and fainted, freed from the terrible nightmare.

On the other hand, the key members quickly figured out the situation as Igor disappeared.

“Has it hurt you?”

“Uh, that… … .”

Just as Sirone was about to answer, Chagall's voice was heard from outside.

“Die aaaaa!”

Then, when the sound of iron colliding with iron reverberated at breakneck speed, no one went out of the structure without saying anything first.

“That one?”

Quan and Chagall, who had escaped from memories of the past, were fighting bloody battles, boasting tremendous prowess.

“It’s Chagall.”

At Lufist's words, Ethella's eyes tightened.

'The author said Master... … .'

Indeed, the skill itself was real, with no room for disagreement.

Among the heavenly members, even against Kuan, who is competing for the primacy, his movements that did not fall behind, especially his juggling skills with dozens of daggers at the same time, were overwhelming.

'The author is the master!'

But that was not a reason to kill the archbishop of Karsis.

“I’ll catch it!”

Without seeking consent, Ethella threw herself.

If she had poor skills, she would run away the moment she got caught up in the gap between the two prosecutors, but she subtly cut through the gap in the line of movement that transcended common sense.

'I will not take revenge!'

At this, Etela, the evil spirit, poured out a Yin and Onion Wave Fist.

'But I'll have to explain!'

Chagall's gaze returned to the speculation felt from the side.

Her hands, faster than her eyes, moved first, and the three daggers crossed up and down like teeth, driving a rapid-fire sword into her forearm.

In an instant, as many as 7 shells were lodged in the forearm, but the blood did not flow backwards, and Etella dug deeper and swayed the regime.

'Resonant hitting method.'

As Chagall widened his eyes and pulled his back back, a fist grazed past him.

The vibrations of the air hit his stomach, squeezing his lungs and opening his eyes wide.

“Keugh!”

In order to evade Quan's continuous attack, he had no choice but to let go of his pride and widen the distance, and when he stepped back 10 meters, dozens of daggers pulled in advance came along.

'What, suddenly?'

I didn't think I was cowardly, but it was unpleasant to be interrupted when Igor disappeared and my blood started boiling again.

“Kill you first… … .”

The moment Chagall, who swept his hand and snatched the dagger, looked back at Etella, his face turned pale as if his soul had escaped.

Because it was a battle that mobilized all five senses, this was the first time seeing the opponent's face.

However, the face that caught my eye was a familiar memory except for one pair of glasses.

“Tia?”

Chagall's expression was so grotesque that even Quan lowered his sword and turned to Etella.

“Did you know someone?”

"no."

Etella shook her head resolutely, but Chagall couldn't have the slightest doubt.

“Tia, why are you?”

It is not just a matter of form.

Even if there were 100 people who looked just like her, Chagall was confident in choosing the real one.

I can't deny what my heart, not my eyes, says... … .

'I can't do that. He must have died.'

Didn't he hug her cold corpse and howl?

Didn't you feel it with all five senses!

“Sniff sniff! Sniff sniff!”

He breathes in to smell the nostalgia of the incident, but his sense of smell does not work properly when he is trapped in the brain in a vat.

'Come to think of it, Tia... … .'

What did it look like?

My head was spinning and I felt dizzy.

“Why are you here?”

At the moment when Quan grumbled at the sight of him staggering alone, Etela charged again.

'I can't miss it!'

He had to be caught and told why he had killed Raphael.

“Get caught! Murderer!"

“Aaaaaaaaa!”

As Chagall, who covered his face with his left hand, swung dozens of daggers with his right hand, Etella's movements stopped abruptly.

Feeling trapped in vibration.

None of the blades flew towards her, and doing nothing was the only way to avoid the attack.

Feeling trapped in the mold of death, Ethella gulped down her saliva.

Chagall denied everything.

'no! It can't be like this!'

- Forgive me.

Raiden's voice was heard.

“Aaaaaaa!”

Etella tried to chase after Chagall, who turned and ran away, but he was not a poor opponent who could catch up with a moment's gap.

"this… … !”

Etella bites her molars and reproaches herself, but Lufist approaches.

“Let go at once. It seems like something serious, but it's not the time for us to worry about others either.”

Igor disappeared, but the operation was impossible as he was trapped in a brain in a vat.

“You can release the brain in the vat.”

At Sirone's words, Lufist turned his head.

"how?"

“I think we can just remove the trap.”

Sirone saw beyond the realm of existence through sense of humor.

“It’s over there.”

The place where Sirone took the party was in front of a statue of a snake sandwiched between structures.

Like a king cobra, the 2-meter-tall snake with its occipital plate wide open was a man's corpse in Bakji's senses.

'sorry.'

With Elysion, I cast a mini-beam on the inside of the man's skull, making his face shake with a pop.

On the other hand, in the eyes of the party, the cobra's face appeared straight and falling.

“Hoo?”

Gradually a familiar landscape emerged.

Structures that had been beating like hearts turned to hard stone, and the bright morning sun was shining in the sky.

Even so, only Sirone could feel something else.

'It's so complicated.'

Numerous spiritual beings that cannot be sensed by the five human senses were clearly communicated through Bakji.

'If I reduce this vivid feeling to an extremely weak level, will it become a portrait?'

Sirone turned to Lufist.

“Wake up the other crew. I was swayed a little, but I won’t be easily beaten from now on.”

Jane asked.

“What happened?”

A day would not be enough to explain it in words, so Sirone chose a simple method.

The necklace, which became an object in the realm of existence, was transmitting its own mass to the nape of the neck.

'Aha, that's how it's written.'

Sirone held out his hand into the air, and Igor's necklace burned with blue flames.

Everyone watched in awe as the air scattered ash and burned around the palms.

“Did you open the foil?”

Knowing what Maylei's words meant, those who watched were stunned.

'Come to think of it, my prayers have definitely changed.'

Just as Lufist was deep in thought with a serious expression on his face, a muddy voice was heard from the other side of the world.

“Laktas Sagaar Verodem (Does Fear Necessary).”

"no way… … .”

The earth shook with a thump, and Igor, the Lord of Terror, appeared with his dead horse.

As he approached Sirone and turned his head toward the people, Lian pointed with his eyes wide open.

“A dreadlord?”

The appearance of Igor with the spear of blue flame hanging behind Sirone's back contrasted with the morning sunlight, creating a strange atmosphere.

Ariane Sirone-Carr 90.2%.

(end of volume 27)

---------------------------------------