[192] 5. Norr's Shelter (7)

After 30 seconds, a signal indicating that the saving was completed appeared.

After searching for the left and right eyeballs, the drone sent a signal to the left eyeball.

Tess gasped in amazement. The view of her eyes was overlaid with the view of the drone.

This ability alone was worth a schema.

Taking off the drone and mounting it as a gauntlet, Tess listened to the explanation and nodded her head.

Kanya told me that it has a language decoding function and a function to automatically find a target by tracking radio waves by storing specific brain waves.

Unlike Sirone and the others, who were excited about reinforcing their combat power, Clove rolled her eyes as if she was anxious.

Even heresy, the word Nephilim was strong.

It was different from the fear felt by strong enemies. The Nephilim were fears of the unknown, regardless of how powerful they were.

Recalling the attitude she had shown towards them so far, she hoped that Sirone would not only curse strangely.

As expected, Sirone approached.

Contrary to what he thought, he took out a yellow elixir and put it in his hand.

It was a fee.

Clove struggled for a while before putting it in his pocket.

“Oh, thank you. You don't have to give me this much."

"are you okay. You can't split an elixir anyway.”

"you… … Are you really a Nephilim?”

"I don't know. I'm just a magic school student. No matter what people call it here, that won't change.”

“I’m sorry for being harsh. I know you are a man of the land... … .”

“Even people on earth shouldn’t treat you like that.”

“Yeah, that’s right. Sorry."

Sirone didn't want to say anything more.

Admonishment is meaningless to an opponent who has succumbed to fear. Even if you tell the cockroach to bow, he will obey.

Sirone stopped paying attention to Clove and went to the place where the Norse were gathered. Since this place is also part of the community, I thought of asking.

“Hey, maybe… … Do you know about a woman named Miro?”

The Norse reaction was bewildered.

Just as Sirone was about to give up and turn around, an old man walking with a cane.

“Miro, did you say maze?”

"yes. Do you know?”

“I heard about it when my parents were still alive. Could it be that she is also a Nephilim?”

"yes? Oh, right.”

People in this world know Unlockers as Nephilim. I don't know exactly where Miro was born, but since she was also an Unlocker, it seemed safe to give her a definite answer.

“She denied the law of Ra.”

"that is… … What do you mean?”

"I don't know. That's all I heard But her mother didn't hate her. Even though she was a subject whom she followed so much. It was shocking to me as a child.”

A woman who denied the Law of Ra. The information obtained was simple, but if you think about it, it conveys a lot.

First of all, it was clear that Miro had been to heaven. And he would have gone back after realizing much more about this world than he did.

Then she denied Ra.

What judgment will you make when this journey is over? Will you understand the labyrinth, or will you deny it?

As I was lost in thought, Amy approached me.

“Sirone, it looks like the sun is going down. I decided to sleep here today, how is it?”

"huh? I'm fine too. I'm tired from fighting in the morning. Let’s rest from now on.”

"excuse me… … .”

Kanya came over and started talking. Amy could tell just by looking at her expression. From the way she followed, it was clear that she cared about her relationship with Sirone.

"what's the matter? Anything to say to me?”

“I taught Tess how to use the drone.”

"Oh yeah. thank you."

“Me and Lena are going to sleep here too. The guides are fifty at this time. I think we will leave tomorrow morning.”

"ah… … I see."

Sirone left a lingering impression at the end of her words.

If Kanya leaves tomorrow morning, they must follow them then. But the problem was that there was no agreement.

Kanya, who looked at Amy for a moment, said.

“You said you were going to heaven, right? If it's okay, can you stop by my house for a day?"

I was thinking of going to heaven, but staying overnight at Kanya's house was another event.

It could be because of her mother who is dying. She may have been tempted to introduce the Nephilim to her parents, who were ardent subjects.

In any case, there was no reason to refuse. She was only grateful to her for accepting her goodwill as her goodwill.

When Sirone agreed, Kanya blushed.

Amy didn't like that part, but she couldn't be timid, so she snorted and went to Tess.

While organizing the day's work, the outside of Norr's shelter became noisy. A group of people came running and screaming.

“Patrol! behind! Get down on the floor!”

Before I had time to ask what was going on, the Norse people scattered in all directions.

Sirone grabbed Kanya's hand and ran to the guard lock. His friends seemed to have made the same judgment, and were gathering there.

Sirone, lying down in the bush, listened to Gardlock's every detail.

It is said that on days when the moon rises to full moon, angels patrol the periphery of Purgatory.

Its reason and purpose are unclear, but it has been a revelation that has been passed down among cults for thousands of years.

A sound echoed through the world from the sky. The air around me was vibrating as if tens of thousands of locusts had gathered.

As each sound was layered, the cacophony disappeared and a single melody pierced my ears.

Is it the most beautiful string instrument in the world?

Sirone lost her mind and fell into a delusion.

Gardlock pulled Sirone's mind out of consciousness.

"Wake! Don't get lost in the sound! We're enduring it because we're wizards, other races have already reached out.”

Sirone looked at Tess and Lena. Sitting on his knees he was weeping. He didn't lose his mind, but he was already in his other world.

What the hell is this sound? Can a single note shake a person's mind like this?

“Where are you sounding from?”

“Each angel has a unique vibration. It is a vibration emitted by existence itself.”

“A vibration of existence itself? How is that possible?”

“In heaven, angels are called the adjusters of the law. As the first entity in the law of cause and effect, it takes precedence over all laws. Vibration is a vibration that proves the realm unique to angels.”

Sirone looked up at the sky. Judging by the frequency of the vibration, it seemed that sooner or later it would pass over Nord's shelter.

Even though they said they had hit the curtain with light magic, they couldn't shake off their anxiety.

“Can angels see us?”

“Maybe, maybe not.”

"What does it mean? Can you see it?”

“Did you check your finger prints today?”

"no."

“It's a similar situation. If you set your mind to it, you can project as many curtains of light as you like. But they don't fly like that in the wide purgatory. As long as you don't act on a whim today, it won't be a big deal.”

In the bushes on the outskirts, someone called 'Coming!' he shouted.

Sirone raised her head. I saw four figures passing through the sky at high speed.

I couldn't even blink my eyes.

An angel in a white robe was flying in the lead. He spread his wings of light ten times larger than his body and held a golden piece of iron in his hand. Above all, the thing that caught my attention most intensely was the sphere of light floating above his head.

Those who formed a triangular formation centered on an angel were creatures I had never seen before.

Those who guarded the left and right sides resembled humans, but had red and blue skin tones.

Behind him was followed by a monster made up of all kinds of creatures.

Above their heads floated long horn-like triangles of red light, ranging in number from one to three. Even though it was not a cone, it maintained the same shape from any angle.

“What is it, the monster at the end? I could see the legs of an octopus and the face of a snake.”

“Those are Maraya. Causal rate 2nd entity. Another name is Keeper of the Law.”

“Are you a follower of the law?”

“Angels are said to be the adjusters of the law. They are the first personalities created by God and have the right to freely interpret God's will. Do you know what this means? That you can bend the law as you please. It's on a different level from giants. When an angel orchestrates the law, Mara acts. That is why we call Mara the follower of the law.”

Sirone realized that she had met the highest class of this world.

If God is the law, angels are the judges.

If so, wouldn't Mara be at least an aide carrying out the orders of the judge?

“Something was floating above my head. Angels are spheres and Mara are horn-like... … .”

“Right, horns. But it's not a real horn, it's a thought body. The higher the number of horns, the higher the Maraya. They are endowed with unique abilities from birth. The source of that power is the horn.”

"Then what's on the angel's head?"

“It’s called the Astral Body. It's no exaggeration to say that the power of angels resides in the Holy Light. I don't know much about the principle. Even when I was a subject, I could count on one hand the number of times I saw an angel.”

Clove said with a trembling chin.

"I'd rather come here and see you more often."

Sirone was seized by a strange feeling.

If angels really exist, are the Unlockers really Nephilim? Is the power to cross dimensions at will, or the maze's scale magic, the ability of an angel?

My head started hurting.

I got a lot of information from the first day I arrived in heaven, but the board of the puzzle was so big that I couldn't guess the whole thing.

Not long after the angel left, the moon rose.

It was a huge moon that I could touch from the top if there was a mountain. It was grotesque.

After the angel's patrol, the day of the Norse came to an end.

Sirone rented a 12-seater barrack in the tent village and lay down side by side with his friends.

I could hear the sound of breathing all over the place. I wanted to think more, but my body felt that my body function was deteriorating.

Sirone, who had fallen asleep without realizing it, met Miro in her dream. It wasn't a nightmare.

6. Anecdote (1)

Sirone and the others followed Guard Rock and arrived at the Valley of the Vortex Serpent.

Since the law had been broken, it could no longer be called the Valley of the Whirlwind Serpents, but the name that had lasted for tens of thousands of years would not easily disappear.

Gadlock said that he would no longer be able to find guides here.

Now that the whirling serpent is gone, there is a possibility that a new law will come in. Any law would not be friendly to them.

“I will see you someday. The law is finite, but man is infinite. Even if heaven perishes, Norr's resting place will not disappear.”

Gardlock said so and disappeared.

The words that humans are infinite touched Sirone's heart. Even here, tens of thousands of light years away, humans were living.

The party flew three drones into the sky.

The importance of reconnaissance increased because of Kergo's experience of heresy hunting.

When Sirone asked about heaven, unlike the first time they met, Kanya kindly explained it.

“Heaven is made up of seven heavens. From the 7th thousand Aravoth to the 1st thousand Shaman. The place where subjects live is the first thousand Shaman. The three races, Mecca, Norr, and Kergo, keep the law and do the work given to them. If Kergo produces it, Mecha processes it, and Norr plays the role of supplying it.”

“But isn’t that unreasonable? It's something you've been destined to do since you were born."

“We have been doing this for hundreds of thousands of years. It's just following Anchera's laws.”

As far as Sirone knows, it took about 10,000 years at the most for civilization to have been born in the original world. If heaven had existed for hundreds of thousands of years, it would have been normal for it to be population saturated, apart from social problems.

When Sirone brought out such thoughts, Kanya tilted her head instead.

“It is disrespectful to ask such questions. You govern the world called Anke. So far, the population of Sharma has never decreased or increased. The population is always the same.”

“How could that be? Is it like a birth control policy?”

“Those who keep the law and obey it will have eternal life. They can enter the Shehakim of the Third Heaven and live forever.”

“So those who don’t get eternal life die?”

---------------------------------------