apostasy (3)

Ryan had a dream.

No, perhaps the signals contained in the gene stage were revealed as images through dreams.

Ymir looked down at Smille, who had completely transformed into a human form.

“Did he really go?”

The only injury sustained from his blow was a molar tooth.

If he was the main body, he could play it anytime, but he didn't feel like doing it.

“I don’t feel relieved about this.”

The feeling of doing it was even more unpleasant than the futility that had destroyed so many weak people.

I wanted to fight until my whole body was smashed.

It was a fight that would make it difficult even to release all the power it had, spitting out blood and shouting evil.

If it were Ymir's nemesis, he could count a few other than Ikael's triangular Mara Ashur, but Ozent was the first one to confront him with power and force.

'This world is too light.'

Ymir stretched out his hand toward the sun and squeezed it tightly, causing the air to shake from side to side.

“It doesn’t even feel real.” A world made of paper that crumbles the moment you touch it before you even savor your senses.

For him, a strong enemy was the only tool that could sharpen all his senses.

“Did you kill him?”

Cariel, who had been hit by Ogent, approached with a dusty body.

As the star light shone, the injured body quickly recovered, but the expression was not good.

“No, I fell asleep.”

"what do you mean?"

Ymir pointed at Smille.

“I reverse-evolved by collapsing the boundaries of living things. It went back to its original form and permeated the woman.”

“It is impossible.”

At the end of the cells converging through reverse evolution, there was Argones, who is called the father of living things.

“This is against the laws of Argones. No creature can become a mucus on its own.”

The featureless creature itself is called a Yucus.

“It is impossible.”

Ymir nodded meekly.

“But we have reached beyond the impossible. A shape is just a shadow of a specific signal. As long as the sun is up... …

As Ymir trampled on his shadow, the ground sank with a thump.

“Shadows are indestructible.”

It only transforms.

“This is the reason why I was able to reach Apostasy with a mere human body. It's not a shadow to break him... … Ymir looked up at the sky. “You have to break the sun.”

Kariel, who was lost in thought for a moment, opened her cold eyes and approached Smille.

“It’s better.”

Anyway, the element of apostasy disappeared by itself, and there is no more danger if you kill Smille.

“I will kill this woman.”

There was no need to use angelic magic, just cut off the head.

"wait."

Ymir stopped Kariel.

“She cannot be killed.” The reason he made such a promise with Ozent was to come back someday and compete for supremacy with her.

"Don't be cocky, Ymir."

Kariel's eyes lit up.

“You, too, have already violated the principle of apostasy. You will be severely punished if you stop me from doing what Anchera has instructed you to do.”

"doesn't care."

The area where Augent had hit him still throbbed.

“For the time being, anything I do seems futile.”

Kariel's face was distorted at the sight of lightly accepting the archangel's killing blow.

“Sheesh!”

But in the end I had no choice but to turn around.

Unlike Ogent, there was no chance of victory for a giant who reached the abolition with pure force alone.

'Right now, only Ra can stop Ymir.'

As she watched Kariel walk away, Smille opened her eyes with a small moan.

tto uh”

?? 丁that?

After tossing and turning for a while, she opened her eyes and saw Ymir's face 3 meters high, and jumped up.

"brother!"

Ogent was nowhere to be seen.

Realizing that she was naked, she stepped back and glared at Ymir.

“Who are you?”

“The King of Giants.”

Thinking that he couldn't explain the current situation, Smille finally asked.

" brother is?"

“You have already died once.”

Ymir told Smille about Ogent's whereabouts while he was imprisoned.

“… … That's how you were able to survive. Cherish the life he gave you.”

“Brother… …

Smille stroked her belly.

In a sense, this is also an anecdote, but I didn't feel scared or disliked.

'My brother is inside me.'

forever together.

“What are you going to do now? Follow me if you want to go to heaven. I will protect you until then.”

Smille shook her head.

"no. I will stay here.”

“Are you going to stay?”

It seemed that mankind existed at the time when it was seen from the sky, but it must have been a completely different society from heaven.

“Are you serious? I don't know if I'll ever be able to come back. You are leaving your family and your hometown.”

"no. A new life begins.”

Smille looked across the forest.

“My name is Smille.”

After thinking for a moment, he turned to Ymir with a smile.

“This is August Smille.”

Seeing the sincerity in her eyes, Ymir nodded and turned around.

“We will meet again someday.” As Ymir enters the forest, a bat chases him high in the sky.

did

'It's a strange dream.'

Rian woke up from the dream and slowly opened her eyes feeling her body as heavy as a thousand pounds.

The blade was falling towards my neck.

' what!'

I reflexively raised my hand to block it, and a sharp sword came in, slashing my forearm.

“Huh!”

The muscles twisted like a whirlpool and bit the blade.

Although he escaped being amputated, the sight that came to Lian's eyes as he regained consciousness was shocking.

The Hunters were fighting against numerous soldiers, and Xenia was also facing them wielding a Dark Blade.

“Lian!”

At the same time as Xenia shouted, the Zive soldiers hurled their spears at Lian.

The moment the tips of the seven spears entered Lian's body, the middle of the spearheads swelled like a balloon and split apart.

“Uh, how… …

Is it possible to block iron with a human body?

Lian, who was glaring at the frightened soldiers, twisted his nose and kicked out of bed.

'Where's the sword?'

<Idea> was not visible.

“Attack everyone! Kill me no matter what!”

When the captain shouted, all the soldiers who were fighting the Hunters rushed at Lian.

"joy!"

Lian snorted and punched, and the soldiers' armor caved in and broke their bones.

“Gagging!”

As the soldiers spread out in all directions, as if there was an explosion in the center, Xenia approached.

"What happened? No matter how much I screamed, he didn't wake up! You slept for three days.”

"3 days?"

No matter how tough the battle was, his mental strength was not weak enough to spread throughout the three days.

'Wasn't it a dream?'

It must have been a forced cessation of consciousness.

“My sword?”

Xenia said with a sad expression.

“They stole it. You passed out and the security forces moved you here. But for some reason, a large army came in this morning and is trying to kill you.”

“Great army?”

Lian's eyes narrowed as she stared at the cabin door.

I couldn't hear it, but the lifeblood stabbing in from outside the door was really strong.

When Lian opened the door and walked out slowly, 30 of Jive's guards, 'Shinjang', were lined up.

Beyond that, 1,000 soldiers completely surrounded the cabin.

“Lian??????

Marshal Venoff was holding <Idea>.

“Why are you trying to kill me?”

There is only one reason.

Because it is too strong.

“Rian, I acknowledge your credit for killing the vampires, but you did too much damage in the process.”

It was just a roundabout word.

To King Mayer, vampires were powerful enough to shake the foundation of the country, and if they could be eliminated, he would have turned a blind eye to the number of victims.

However, the spectacle that Rian created during the raid on the vampire's hideout was not something humans could do. Nevertheless, the reason why it took two days was because there was an opinion to bring Lian to their country.

Benoff was one of them, but in the end Mayer made the decision to 'kill while I can.'

Although Lian fought in a half-trance state, he was unaware of their intentions.

“Please return the sword.”

When Lian took a step, the 20-year-old man twisted his back in the same position and gripped the handle of the sword.

'strong.'

They were literally the 1st army guards representing the kingdom, on a different level from the kidneys suffered at the Colosseum.

“Are you going to kill me?”

The energy exuded by the best swordsmen was enough to suffocate just by touching it, but Lian calmly moved on.

'Group living, did you pierce the sun?'

The eyebrows of Saleh, the commander of the 1st Army Guards, twitched.

“Is that Jive’s judgment? Even though there will be a war with the demons in the future, killing me?”

“Because it is war.”

Saleh said.

“The Gustav Empire absorbed and integrated the demons. The future to come is a bloody war. The balance of the world is disrupted and the existing system collapses. The great powers so far will perish, and maybe... … A kingdom that was only a weak country could rise rapidly.”

Jive was a great power, and Lian without it would be a threat to their country in some way.

"Even if the world perishes, you're saying you're going to protect only Jive?"

“That is the king. And we are soldiers following the king's orders.”

As the life force called the sun became dense, the hunters in the back hesitantly retreated.

'It feels like my skin is burning.' Saleh tightened his throat and said.

“This is your last chance. Abandon Tormia and enter Jive. We promise unconventional treatment enough to break the precedent of history.”

“Of course I am a citizen of Tormia. But I will not fight for Tormia.”

“… … Do you think you can get away with it that way?”

“Because it is true. I don't judge anything. My destination is only pure strength. And being able to wield it...

The air shook at Maha's law.

“Only my lord, Arian Sirone.”

Go see Sirone.

“Give me your sword. It doesn't matter if you're a human or a demon. I will cut down whoever gets in my way.”

Realizing that he meant it, Saleh held out his hand to Benoff and said,

“Give me the sword.”

After examining the <Idea> he received from Venoff, he threw it to Lian.

“Captain! Your Highness... …

"Be quite."

Saleh moved to Lian.

“We are desperate enough to attack a sleeping prosecutor. The king's name is absolute. He must take your neck.”

It was probably impossible.

"so… …

"no way! Captain!”

At the same time as the members shouted, Saleh took the posture of Baldo, revealing a perfect life.

'Finish it with me.'

As Jive's strongest swordsmanship unfolded, vertical flashes of light flew towards Lian.

And another light that divided the flash into two up and down was born into the world.

“Daejaaaaang!”

With one step Lian took, the ground split open with a thump, and Saleh's neck was cut cleanly.

“Whoa.”

The eyes of Lian, who created another death, were just calmly shining.

'There is no hesitation. I'm just responsible for all the deaths.'

“You son of a bitch!”

Just as Xinjiang's members were about to leave, the unit commander raised his hand to stop them.

"stop! This is over!”

Even though his eyes were bloodshot, he couldn't abandon Saleh's will.

“We are going back. I'll give you half a day. Until then, if you still remain in Jive... …

The unit commander bit his teeth and turned around.

“I will kill you even if I sell my soul.”

When Xinjiang, who had collected Saleh's body, left, a thousand men rushed out.

“Rian, are you okay?”

Lian smiled and patted Xenia on the shoulder as she entered the cabin.

'Go, Sirone.'