[268] Kazura Kingdom (5)

Orkamp welcomed them with a raised hand.

“It was a lot of hard work to come a long way. Sirone, do you know why you came here?”

"Yeah, I know."

“Okay, let’s arrange a separate place to discuss the details. It must have been a tough journey, give them a room and treat them to food.”

The head of the chamberlain, who oversees the affairs of the royal castle, bowed his head.

“I understand, Your Highness.”

Sirone raised her head again and looked at Orkamp.

It was the first father-son reunion in 18 years. But he couldn't hear any private words from him.

Is this a king? If he wears the title of king, can he not even reveal his personal feelings?

Maybe he had no feelings for the son he had already abandoned.

If you really loved your children, there would be no way you would abandon them, no matter what obstacles might come your way.

But he abandoned it and so many years have passed.

I don't know why he called me, but maybe I didn't have to look for him.

Sirone and the others left the Grand Hall in vain following the Chief Chamberlain.

The great chamber where the guests live was a two-person room.

Vincent and his wife shared one room, and Amy and Raina shared another room.

However, the chamberlain did not give Sirone's room.

"Sirone-sama will be staying with Her Highness's family in the inner room."

Amy stepped out with a surprised expression.

“Have we not heard of that?”

It was dangerous to leave Sirone alone in the royal castle where there might be some conspiracy lurking.

However, the chief chamberlain rather looked at Amy strangely.

“That’s natural. Sirone-nim is the one who will become a member of the royal family.”

“We haven’t come to a definitive conclusion yet.”

The chamberlain wrinkled his brow.

Such a situation was something that a single attendant could not understand.

Rumor has it that the verification of the first prince is only a formality, but I don't know why.

I also heard that Sirone is a commoner. If he had been given such a blessing, he would have prostrated himself and thanked God.

However, their expressions, let alone good feelings, felt even awkwardness for some reason.

“What is it?”

Executive Officer Ordos walked by.

The chief chamberlain hurriedly lowered his head and spoke of the dissatisfaction of Sirone and the others.

Ordos didn't like it either, but I didn't think it was an unusual situation. If they had brains, they would have come to know about Kazura's situation.

Ordos turned to Sirone and said.

“There are laws in the palace. Just swapping royal rooms is a lot of fuss. But if you're that uncomfortable, I'll make a suggestion.”

Shirone, not wanting to cause trouble right after entering the royal castle, shook her head.

It was true that he was wary of dangerous situations, but he still wanted to believe that his real parents couldn't harm him.

If not even that... … Even if they share the same blood, there would be no reason to be here.

"all right. I'll go to the boudoir. Can we all see it during mealtime?”

Ordos shook his head.

“At mealtimes you will have a separate seat. A commoner cannot interfere with a royal meal.”

Sirone frowned.

Vincent and Olina were benefactors and only parents who raised them for 18 years.

Even if he was of royal blood, he had no intention of denying that fact.

Come to think of it, Kazura's people had never expressed their gratitude to Vincent and Olina.

Maybe they think that they didn't abandon their child, but only left it for a while.

It was clear that he took the good deeds of Vincent and Olina for granted, just as the king obeyed when the king ordered them.

Sirone couldn't tolerate that much.

If my parents treated me like this, I didn't mind going home now.

“I can't do that. Let us dine together.”

“Sirone… … We are fine.”

Vincent said with a contemplative face.

Having been tormented by nobles, let alone royalty, all his life, he knew how dangerous Sirone's remarks were.

But Sirone did not back down.

If any type of conflict ever had to happen, now was the best time to get it done.

"no. Then I won't attend either. Parents must be present at meal times.”

Ordos pursed his lips and thought.

He's a really naughty kid. Do you think you already have everything just because you were nominated as the first prince?

Of course, he will become a prince, but that does not change the power structure.

In the royal castle, there is the former first prince, Theraze's son.

When I thought about it, I was puzzled again.

Even though it was widely announced that Eliza's biological son would be brought, Theraze did not show any movement.

It could be that he thought he was confident enough, or it could be the unspoken pressure from the forces planted in Kazura to act on their own.

The power of the Empress is mighty. Until now, there was no way to oppose her, so she was not particularly divided into factions, but it was time for her to line up well from now on.

But Ordos was skeptical.

They said they excelled at magic school, but they weren't opponents to attack with just that amount of cards, Theraze's children.

“I understand Sirone's words, but it's not my decision. Since it is against the law, it could lead to a national incident. So, I'm sorry, but why don't you tell His Highness directly?”

Sirone nodded as if he had nothing to fear.

"great. I will tell you myself.”

“Then go. I will guide you to the boudoir.”

Sirone, who was following Ordos, looked back and said.

“I’ll come and go. See you later."

Reina looked at Sirone, who was moving away.

Are you really going to bring Vincent and Olina to the royal table?

Royal etiquette is higher than the laws of the state. Due to the nature of the monarchy, the country is shaken when the king's authority is insulted.

It was clear that the current decision would bring risks in one way or another.

Olina grabbed Reina by the collar and begged.

“We are really fine. I think it would be better to dry the sirone. I want to talk, but I don't know anything... … .”

It's not just because Olina's knowledge is short. 

Reina also didn't know what Sirone was thinking when he acted like this.

“It is strange. I'm not the type to be stubborn."

“Sirone has already started fighting.”

Reina looked back at Amy and asked again.

"fight?"

Amy said, recalling the conversation she had with Sirone.

“The reason Sirone responded to Wangseong's invitation was because she wanted to meet her real parents. But Sirone is not interested in the heir or the prince. She will go to magic school again and stay with her family. Of course, that family is the two of you here. That's why you can't yield. If you take a step back from here, you will be swayed to the end. Sirone chose the royal table as the point of gaining a strategic advantage.”

“My son… … .”

Olina was in tears.

They were really bad parents. In this situation, he couldn't protect his son, but he was taking care of his son.

Actually, she wanted to fight too. I wanted to claim to the face of the king or whatever, that he was my son because I raised him.

But it wasn't because she lacked courage that she couldn't do that.

none other than royalty And Sirone is trying to become a prince of a country.

Vincent said as he wrapped his arms around Olina's shoulder.

“Watch. he's our son I am a deep child All we have to do is follow what he says.”

Olina nodded, wiping away tears.

Theraje's Lineage (1)

Sirone entered the boudoir where the royal family resided.

Like another castle within a castle, a completely different scene unfolded from the scenery so far.

Portraits of royalty were hung on the walls decorated with bright golden wallpaper, and luxurious carpets were spread on the floor.

Sirone headed to Orkamp's room. He was located at the far end of the castle, so there was no difficulty in finding him.

When I entered the study, Orkamp was sitting at his desk, lost in thought. It wasn't until after a while that he realized that you had come, and he stood up and said,

“Are you here?”

It was more emotional than in the grand hall, but the initial awkwardness still lingered.

“Come this way. Mother is waiting.”

Her mother was Kazura's queen, Orkamp Eliza. Orkamp said only those words, but did not say a word to her on the way. Sirone was so nervous that he couldn't even recognize that fact. It was the moment when she finally met the mother who gave birth to her.

It was said that Eliza's room was the most extravagant and luxurious space in the Kazura Kingdom. In a huge room, there was a white bed on which ten people could lie, and a woman even paler than him sat on it.

There is no law saying that a country's queen has to be beautiful, but she was beautiful, and her big eyes contained sadness.

"iced coffee… … .”

Eliza was so moved that she could not speak.

She got out of bed and took Sirone in her arms without saying anything that she had prepared at first.

Sirone just stood there. She felt the need to hug her, but for some reason she couldn't move her fingertips.

Her body smelled good. She was a very luxurious and precious royal scent that Sirone had never smelled before.

But it wasn't Olina's smell.

“My son, you are finally here. I'm sorry mom... … ! Forgive her mother!”

Eliza's weeping voice choked Syrone as well.

When I was young, I used to resent my parents for abandoning me. However, Vincent and Olina filled the void of blood that could never be filled with great love.

So I felt guilty. She was also unfamiliar with herself, unable to speak kind words to Eliza.

"outside… … I have parents who raised me.”

Eliza dropped herself and examined Sirone's face.

What a beautiful boy he was. This, too, was of his own, and Orkamp's, noble lineage.

“Yeah, but not anymore. i am your mother You will become the first prince and inherit the kingdom. Don't worry about anything. From now on, your mother will protect you.”

Sirone was heartbroken. 

He regretted coming here for the first time, although he still did not know what it was that angered him.

“I want to eat with them. I know it is against the laws of the kingdom, but I think they deserve that treatment.”

Eliza put on a puzzled expression and turned to her husband.

Orkamp was also disappointed by Sirone's words. What does a mountaineer nanny matter to the future king of a country?

Orkamp doubted that Sirone did not have the qualities of an heir, then shook his head.

If it was Orkamp's blood, there was no way that would be the case.

However, it was only because the environment in which he grew up was different that he had not yet been able to break the temperament of the king.

Sirone should be the first prince. That was the only way to stand against Theraze's forces.

said Orkamp, ​​looking displeased.

“Do you really have to? Meals are usually shared among family members. I don't like it when an uninvited guest interrupts. I will give them separate instructions and treat them without regret.”

Sirone firmly shook her head. And he glared at Eliza with bitter eyes.

Was it like this after all? Is the law of one meal more important than the hard work of raising a son? Is that why he abandoned himself like a devoted partner when a crisis came to the kingdom?

Eliza read the disappointment and frustration in Sirone's eyes and hurriedly changed her mind. When she abandoned Syrone, she gave her own consent, but it was entirely for the sake of her husband, Orkamp.

Is there any mother in the world who wants to abandon her child? Wracked with guilt all her life, she would do anything you asked for with her poems.

“If you want, you can do that. I took care of you, so that's nothing. Anyway, my son wants it.”

Eliza was touched by what she had said and hugged Sirone again.

---------------------------------------