[620] Scout Reporting (1)

- Entered the 1st stage of self-denial survival evaluation. Tier 10 monsters are randomly summoned.

At the same time as the 2,000th system was activated, the students entered the spirit zone.

'Extreme survival... … .'

Among students, it is known as a difficult item to pick likes and dislikes, and it was a method of annihilating creatures from Tier 10 to Tier 1 listed in the Red Line Creature Encyclopedia in 10 stages.

“Gather to the center!”

All 30 people gathered at the center of the Colosseum without saying who was first, and the 2,000th system summoned creatures living in the natural environment of remote areas, such as king tarantulas, sulfuric wolves, and underground lizards, to random coordinates.

"what… … !”

The veterans of the senior year had experience in all six sports, but more than half of them had experienced self-sufficiency for the first time.

-10 Tier 1,429 creatures summoned.

The core mission is to annihilate the enemy, but self-denyingly survive.

My body shuddered as insects, beasts, reptiles, and all sorts of heinous things saturated the vast Colosseum in an instant.

"come!"

As if the earth was shaking, all creatures rushed towards the students.

“Whoops, in terms of service… … .”

As Fermi's blizzard caused a blizzard across the radius, the remaining students cast their major magic.

Even the bright colors of the light that dazzled the eyes disappeared within 3 seconds of the appearance of 1,429 creatures.

-End of Phase 1. After 30 seconds, you will enter step 2.

The annihilation time given for each stage is 10 minutes.

If 10 minutes are exceeded, the next creature will be summoned immediately regardless of the remaining creatures, but if it is destroyed within the time, a 30 second break is given.

Scouts from all over the world were busy with their eyes and hands, and the scout teams of the Tormia Magic Association, Baikal, Elizabeth, and Lara also started their work.

A light came on in Elizabeth's retina, who was wearing a bracelet connected to the 2,000 main system.

“Elimination time 3.24 seconds. A total of 23,409 magical powers. The highest number is Fermi's 11,000 magicle, and the lowest number is Eden's zero magicle.”

Lara's notebook floating in the air unfolded, and the pen moved quickly through the writing magic.

“Hmm, 11,000 Magical.”

In the first stage of self-denial survival, it was difficult to obtain students' ability to discriminate, but it was certainly noteworthy that they accurately controlled their magical powers.

“Entry number 1, Ardino Fermi. 10,000 units of horsepower were controlled without error.”

“Is that on purpose?”

Baikal nodded at Lara's question.

“You know that only the highest numbers are checked in the first stage. You got attention from all the scouts in 3 seconds.”

“You have to say he's a veteran. I got good grades every year. There are also rumors that it was intentionally eliminated.”

The evaluator combines the opinions of the analyst and the recorder to give an overall rating.

It is updated in real time, but since scouts are people too, it was more important than anything else to make a good first impression.

“Judgment suspended.”

But Baikal was relaxed.

“We didn’t come just to see this much, did we?”

Upon entering the second stage, a 9-tier creature appeared.

The number of individuals exceeded about 1,000, and as a creature at the top of the habitat food chain, it was twice as large on average as Tier 10.

“Get ready!”

From leopards with sharp teeth to monkeys with sharp claws, the power of magic soared even more as wild beasts that ordinary people would not even dare to hunt charged.

The spectacle of flame and cold, lightning and light in a dazzling harmony lasted for several tens of seconds.

“Elimination time 46.22 seconds.”

“Surely fast.”

The average annihilation time of the second stage that Baikal knows was 1 minute and 32 seconds.

“A total of 76,530 magical powers. The highest score is Fermi at 22,000.”

"He's a funny guy."

The impression of Baikal was all that.

“We are going to step 3. It will be a little different from now on.”

Starting from Tier 8, monster-type creatures differentiated from animals are included.

If the 2nd stage was simply fighting a strong animal, from the 3rd stage, it was a set of monsters that you would hardly ever encounter without deliberately seeking them out.

Aaaaang!

'It's crying!'

It was the monster that Sirone first grafted the god particle to the photon output, but the number exceeded two hundred from all sides.

In the sky, a grotesque Tycorn flew and groaned, and beneath the ground, a giant scorpion scorpion swung its 2-meter-long tail and moved its legs like a cockroach as it charged.

Blizzard was undoubtedly installed, but unlike before, only the activity was slightly weakened.

'No idiot will fall from the third level... … .'

From a long-term perspective, it was important to manage mental power from this point when the difficulty level increased significantly, and the participants' heads started to turn complicated.

'Saint Barrier!'

As the students watched, the encirclement narrowed to a certain distance, and Eden's defense was spread out as a screen of spheres.

“Entry number 25. Candler Eden. 30,842 magical power level. Standard hardness is 307.5.”

“It’s okay. What about durability?”

"It's 27 press per millimeters measured at standard strength."

“Hoo?”

Elizabeth's eyebrows twitched.

“Raises the horsepower level. 38,000 magicle. 45,000 magicle. 69,000 Magical... … .”

As the St. Barrier expanded to a diameter of 20 meters, the encirclement widened as if millet was being pushed out.

“Standard longitude 1,209. The standard strength is 87 press per millimeters. The horsepower efficiency reaches 187 percent.”

Generating close to twice the power with a single magical power was truly incredible omnipotence.

“Is it the omnipotence of faith?”

Baikal was overall.

“Class D. Overprotective. No matter how efficient it is, it is useless if the way of thinking is exhausting.”

Lara posted real-time ratings on Eden's page.

"do it faster! Are you just going to watch?”

When Eden shouted, the participants immediately moved into action.

'Sheesh! It's not good for the evaluation if it's too far back.'

There were some people who showed off their skills while they were on the move, and the one who showed the most spectacular action was the bookie scrimmer.

“I will destroy everything!”

The ulks vomited blood as they collapsed with each attack as they dashed between monsters with teleportation.

“Entry number 10, Logan Screamer!”

Elizabeth's analysis began to speed up.

“Teleportation cycle 124 rpm! Obsessive Compulsive Error 0.9%! The average distance is 10 meters 3.4 centimeters!”

“Grade C. Narcissistic.”

“Participation number 4! Karmis Amy! Firepower factor 2.4! Calories 875 degrees Celsius! Aiming accuracy of 97 percent!”

“Victor Sabina, entry number 14! The rate of fire is 7.9 times per second! cut strength... … !”

The sound of scouts from all over the world analyzing the participants' every move in their respective languages ​​overwhelmed the audience.

“… … It's bloody.”

Lian muttered while watching the VIP seats.

Even Reina, who was attending the magic school graduation exam for the first time, was tired of their force.

'It's being evaluated by people like that.'

It was the harsh reality of this world that everything in a participant was valued, not just their magical skills.

Olina, who was watching her son fight, covered her face with both hands, and Vincent, who heard sobs, put his hand on his shoulder.

'Honey, I feel like my heart will explode too.'

He had his eyes on his son who was fiercely developing magic.

What grade do those competent people give Sirone?

At first, they were mesmerized by the scene beyond their imagination, but in the end, all the parents' senses are focused only on their children.

'Sirone, is this the world you dreamed of?'

Even when I tried to raise him as the son of a mountaineer, he was a son who never expressed himself.

How desperate would you have been?

I had tears in my eyes when I thought of how much I had suffered alone to reach the top of this fierce competition.

'God, please let Sirone pass.'

Among the many prayers going up to the sky, whose voice will God listen to?

“Extermination time 4 minutes 55 seconds. The total amount of mana is 323,000 magicle.”

It was at this point that the horsepower figures in hundreds became meaningless.

“The total is high for a 3rd level. Who is it, the over-faced one?”

Elizabeth's gaze caught a boy.

“The highest number is 110,000 Magicle. Participation number 27. This is Ariane Sirone.”

Baikal's eyebrows narrowed.

“I thought you weren’t stupid.”

I was expecting it because I was introduced to Fleur, but it was an unexpected action.

'I have to hit and run from now on.'

At the point of passing the 3rd stage, Sirone completely lifted the tactical limit.

30 seconds passed in an instant, and a tier 7 creature appeared.

With 870 objects, it was reduced to 100 units for the first time, but the ability level was different from Tier 8.

It included monsters with magical properties, such as harpies that cast sound magic and flare raptors that spew flames, and above all, had the ability to solve the situation intellectually.

Key eh eh!

As the Flare Raptor led the vanguard, self-denial survival quickly turned into a melee.

“Formation is collapsing.”

The point of self-denial survival is that participants become allies and competitors.

According to the regulations, the first test ends when half of the participants, that is, 15 people remain, so a fight to notice was also an essential requirement.

'Broad!'

As soon as the light curtain pushed away the enormous mass, the force pushed the battery away and the shotgun movement was activated.

The eyes of the scouts were focused on the appearance of spreading photon cannons in all directions.

“The force is fast.”

Elizabeth's attention was different.

“The horsepower level has exceeded 220,000 magicle.”

"yes? Twenty-two thousand?”

Lara stopped writing and asked again.

“It keeps going up. 260,000 Magical! 320,000 Magical! 440,000 Magical!”

As if to prove Elizabeth's analysis, the photon cannon firing continuously from the sky was devastating the ground.

“440,000 Magical.”

It was already a number that exceeded the standard of a pro.

'Not enough yet!'

The number of monsters Sirone defeated alone reached 32% of the total, and the number continued to rise.

“Who is that student? Are you eating it all by yourself?”

Even the parents gave up on locating their children and were captivated by Sirone's dancing.

"joy! There's just one kid like that. Kids who can’t even run, but run in the beginning.”

Contrary to what most parents cherish, Iruki's father, an albino, was smiling.

“Nice. I expected it after hearing Iruki's words, but honestly, I didn't expect it to be to this extent.”

“I see. It is still in its infancy, but so far it stands out among the participants.”

The scout's opinion was a little different.

“That is a little strange. What happened? It is written that he has a cautious personality... … .”

While there were those who paid attention to the visible numbers, there were also those who were puzzled by overreacting while ignoring the level of difficulty.

Baikal was one of them.

“Why did you make that choice? I said waste doesn’t get good marks.”

“It seems to be a personal matter.”

He had a vague idea of ​​what situation Sirone was in.

“I feel sorry for you.”

Showing off power isn't everything.

“If I was going to capture the Scout, I should have chosen another method.”

“Evaluator… … It goes higher.”

Elizabeth's voice trembled.

“Magic level 520,000 Magicle. 610,000 magicle. 69 million… … The immortal function signal is caught! 870,000! 940,000!”

'Nobody... … .'

Sirone gritted his teeth.

'You can't decide my future!'

The monsters on the ground fell down like bugs hit by a hammer as the ignorant Photon Cannons fired at a rate of fire of 300 times per second.

The last remaining Flare Raptor collapsed with a snap, and Amy looked blankly at Sirone.

'What are you thinking?'

Baikal's expression became serious.

“Horsepower level.”

Elizabeth suddenly came to her senses.

"Ah yes. It is 1.63 million magicle.”

“… … .”

Baikal, who covered his face with his hand, frowned.

“Exactly, Sirone.”

At the same time, the corner of the mouth of a woman wearing a hood, high in the audience, rose slightly.

---------------------------------------