[541] Forbidden Shrine (1)

Washing herself with the water pouring from the shower, Miro closed her eyes and thought.

'It's getting more and more embarrassing.'

Malta died and his wife was expunged after Fermi's experiments.

Rian thought that was also murder, but the reason she finally kept her mouth shut was not because of Sirone.

open state.

Everything except the Abyss Walker was false, and from the beginning it was just an information object without life.

'The same goes for Sirone.'

If you encounter him, in the case of the Maltese couple, you will regain some of your memory, but in the end it was just a distorted memory.

“Miro.”

When Miro opened her eyes at the voice she heard in the bathroom, Arius, who shimmered like a ghost, appeared and prostrated herself.

“Did you come in after all?”

“We are only passing information through the code. But this won't last long either.”

It meant there was no time.

“Yes, tell me.”

“Sirone is currently located in the northwest colony of the city. But I couldn't get detailed information because of the firewall. It seems that there are coder talents there.”

“Is that the mutant Maltese said?”

“Maybe.”

“How is Sirone?”

“The flow of information is seamless. But as for the mission... … Not good."

Just as Fermi expected.

"Right."

“Search around the colony. Then you will be able to find Sirone.”

“It’s a colony. Words must come through Their language, can you code?”

"it's possible. I just need to inject my information. But I will never come here again.”

"doesn't care. Please code the party as well.”

Arius bowed his head.

“… … Be careful. A while ago, two new pieces of information were added to Apocalypse. A perfect incarnation, not a minority concept.”

“Abyss Walker. But what are you telling me to be careful about?”

“I couldn’t figure out the exact entity, but when I first came across their code, I… … .”

Arius raised his head and said.

“I thought there were two more Miro-sama.”

Miro's hand, which was washing her body, stopped abruptly.

“It is such a strong incarnation. Currently, they are split in two, but if they run into each other, even Miro-sama would be uncomfortable... … .”

Miro wasn't offended.

“Is it the Ten Commandments? But why are they here?”

There was only one answer.

'He's thinking the same thing as Uorin.'

Miro turned off the shower and turned around.

"I get it. From now on, I will take care of it, so code it.”

“Please preserve the jade body.”

Arius' vision disappeared as it turned into a code of symbols and numbers.

* * *

The rain that had fallen all night had stopped and the clear sun rose in the sky of Apocalypse after a long time.

Sirone and Yo, who left the colony early in the morning, decided to explore the downtown area deeper than yesterday while the day was clear.

“It’s raining.”

Shirone said while looking at Yo who smiled pleasantly.

“But without water, survival is impossible.”

"are you okay. Stored water can last for a month. I love the sun.”

A blush bloomed on Joe's face.

"and… … I also like the light of the archon.”

Sirone floated the Shining magic above her head.

It was raining yesterday, so I cast it as part of a strategy, but this time it was just a joke.

"iced coffee! So good!"

“Yo has a lot of appetite.”

Yo understood the joke of the ancients.

"haha! that's right. Actually I... … .”

The moment Yoh saw Sirone's cold eyes, he stopped talking and focused his attention on his surroundings.

'It's a surprise.'

Bullets rained down from all sides at the same time as she activated her silver mirror and blocked Sirone's way.

Underground people could be seen between the sparkly metal arms.

“I will eat! Something to eat!”

Even at a rough count, the number was over 40.

“It’s a combat unit! Hide behind me!”

It was a yo that had to protect as much as the consul under any circumstances, but Sirone jumped out as if there was no need to worry.

'Santan movement!'

Sirone, who had turned into a photonized state, split into eight directions as if exploding, firing photon cannons in all directions.

From there, when teleportation was linked again, the flashes entangled like a net, devastating the surroundings.

"wow… … .”

Yo, who was stunned for a moment, turned his head to the sound of an engine coming from the alley.

“Hahaha! It's a hunt, a hunt!"

A jeep with a machine gun appeared, escorted by seven motorcycles, and his men were delighted.

“Taejang!”

Sirone opened her eyes wide when she saw an underground man twice as tall as the driver.

“How can you… … .”

It was impossible to estimate the average size of an underground person.

“It’s Taejang. He is the head of a combat unit.”

“Let’s avoid it for now.”

As Sirone spread his wide wings and took Yo in his arms, the jeep's machine gun jerked and black bullets quickly followed.

“Aww!”

Yogi shouted as he soared over the roof of the building.

“Arson! under!"

Taejang was chasing the wall with unbelievable agility.

'What is it?'

The moment the rifle was fired, Sirone used the rainbow drop to fall down the railing.

“Yah-ho-oh!”

Then Taejang, who was very excited, turned around and threw himself into the place where Sirone was.

'crazy… … ! It's on the 20th floor!'

“Ha ha ha ha ha!”

As if he hadn't thought about falling, the captain pointed his rifle down and fired bullets like mad.

When Sirone, who had given up teleportation, activated her berserker, the light curtain subtly twisted the bullet's trajectory.

“Huhhhh!”

The sight of bullets was a terrible fear.

'Calm down! If you miss the point of the fall, it's the end!'

He just hoped that the bullet would not bend to him even by mistake.

Sirone, who cast teleportation again just before collapsing to the ground, turned at a right angle and slid on the ground.

“Damn it!”

Later, when Taejang arrived at the same spot and twisted his body, there was a thud and his body rolled on the floor and crashed into an old vehicle.

“Aaaagh!”

“Taejang, are you okay?”

A jeep and motorcycle squad came out to meet them.

Taejang, who distorted his face like a gorilla, got into the jeep pushing his dislocated shoulder.

"go! It's a feast today!”

“Kyayayaya!”

Shirone's spine shuddered at the sound of the hordes of monkeys rushing in from afar.

'They're really dangerous. Physical abilities, as well as weapons, are comparable to the power of magic.'

No, maybe his own magic is equivalent to their weapons?

Setting aside the confusion of memories, Sirone said.

“I can’t get away with it. Is there no choice but to fight?”

“There is one place, where they can never enter.”

“You can never come in?”

“Yes, probably. Because I don't want to go in either. We call it the Forbidden Shrine.”

“Is it a dangerous place?”

"I don't know. It's a contaminated area, but I heard no one has been there since a very long time ago. I feel weird right now too.”

'Hmm, I'm fine... … .'

If it was a meme that could be used in a destroyed world, Sirone didn't have to worry.

“Let’s go there, guide me.”

Yo was erratic, but he did not disobey the consul's order and pointed in the direction.

“It’s over there.”

The destination was the tallest building in the city.

It was a building completely covered in mucus, so there was not even a trace of destruction.

"surely… … I do feel a sense of incongruity.”

Apocalypse humanity would have been even more ominous.

“But Mucus is in the way?”

He broke the silver mirror of yoga and said.

“It’s best not to touch it, but when I’m in a hurry, I sometimes open the way this way.”

As the fragments of the silver mirror scratched the mucus on the floor, the slime wriggled like a creature and began to retreat.

“There it is!”

As the underground people pursued from the other side of the block, Sirone pulled Yo and cast a berserker.

"let's go!"

As the curtain of light pulsed, the path to the entrance opened wide.

“Don't miss it! shoot! Shoot!”

The jeep stopped in front of the building at the same time Sirone and Yo entered the door without even looking back.

“Do you have to enter the forbidden holy ground? Cowardly children.”

“Taejang, what should I do?”

Two adults can feed a combat unit and have enough leftovers.

But even if he jumped off the roof of the building, he never wanted to enter this place.

“I can’t. Give up. Let's find another game."

The engine roared away, and mucus dripped from Mucus with a slam against the tombstone erected next to the entrance.

Fairy Biomimetics Lab

* * *

Aaaaaaang.

Miro and the others stopped walking and looked back at the explosion heard from across the city.

"what? Is it a battle?”

Then came the noise of shooting.

“Let’s go. It seems pretty intense.”

Knowing that Sirone was in the colony, it was something he couldn't just ignore.

Skipping the streets all at once with the labyrinth's spatial movement, they ran in the direction the gunfire was moving.

“It’s annoying.”

When Fermi casts his air skate magic, both feet float and slide rapidly across the ground.

“He carries all the star magic.”

As Marsha stomps, Fermi twists and spreads her legs.

“It doesn’t fly like fly magic, but it has good cost-effectiveness among movement magic. The movement is also free.”

Fermi, who went ahead while taking the run steps, looked back at the party and said.

“Anyway, I put all my money into this operation.”

It was a mission that would roll in 190 billion gold if successful.

said Ryan.

“You keep moving away? It seems to be a chase.”

Marsha, who was embarrassed for nothing, asked Fermi.

“Hey, how much is that? Will it be handed over?”

“Two million gold. Would you like to buy it?”

"shut up."

It was Marsha who thought that she should diligently run with her feet.

* * *

"weird. It's really strange.”

Sirone looked around the lobby of the building.

It used to be a common place, and there was nothing special about it except for mucus sticking to the walls.

“Of course it is strange. No one comes in here.”

“No, it’s not like that, it must have been before.”

A certain memory flooded Sirone's mind.

Oak table in a snow-white office. The intelligent bespectacled man held out a piece of paper and said,

-Congratulations, Mr. Sirone. You have been selected for artificial hibernation. You can sign here.

-no. I can't survive alone leaving my precious people here.

- You don't understand the situation. It is not a matter of individual survival. You are entering as the representative of mankind.

-But how... … .

-Don't be cocky. I, who is presenting the contract to you, must also remain here. In other words, this is the end of life.

“… … Have I really become alone?”

Yo couldn't understand Sirone's feelings, but the fact that he was sad was enough.

"Do not worry. We are there.”

Sirone stepped away from the wall and looked at the stairs leading upstairs.

'Obviously on top of this building... … .'

I think that office was there.

But now, it was completely blocked by Mucus's mucilage, making it a colorful wall.

“Have you gone back by now? The hunt won't make you wait long.”

Ignoring Yo's uneasy voice, Sirone searched for memories again.

- Let's go underground. There is no time.

-Sorry, I was just thinking about it.

-… … I hope you make a better world.

'underground. There is something underground.'

Sirone ran to the elevator and said to Yo.

“Can you open this door?”

"yes? Ah yes."

Yo made his arms out of metal and inserted them into the cracks in the elevator door, opening them as hard as he could.

“Huh!”

The door opened and a vertically falling elevator shaft appeared.

"done. We can go underground.”

“Are you going underground?”

“It’s okay if you don’t follow me if you’re anxious.”

Joe's expression immediately changed.

"no. I have a duty to protect the Archon.”

"It will be fine."

Shirone, who threw her Shining magic into the aisle, grabbed onto the elevator line and went down, followed by Yoga.

“… … .”

A minute later, a person's face bulged out from the mucus that had engulfed the ceiling of the lobby.

---------------------------------------