trigger (1)

The 95th to 85th floors of the Ivory Tower became a single floor and turned into a huge battlefield.

Sirone's eyes tightened as he looked down at Baal from hundreds of meters high.

The Hand of God's photon cannon exploded without a doubt, and after a while, a piercing sound exploded.

The blow of Baal, the energy of the river tore the photon cannon and scratched the inner wall of the tower.

“Keugh!” As the Miracle Stream swayed, Sirone took a deep breath and looked around him.

'96th floor:

For the first time, the 95th floor was breached.

“Open the way, Yahweh.” Baal's complexion didn't look too good, but he still seemed to have some energy left.

Sirone thought.

'I said I would destroy the ivory tower. If that's the case, what he's finally targeting is Taeseong.'

Many stars enjoyed the world in the ivory tower, but the center of gravity was always Taeseong.

She urged, she soothed, she decided, and it was humanity that kept it that way.

'It is intellect that defines evil. When the standard disappears, evil has a legitimacy.'

In the post-apocalyptic world, evil will become the new intelligence that inhabits the world.

Mika passed on the information.

-30 minutes passed. The preparation of the pipa is complete. I'm waiting for Sirone.

Even a brief moment of current flowed through Baal's enemies.

"You're aiming for something." Otherwise, there would be no need to desperately defend them from the lower floors of the Ivory Tower.

'I'm holding my Demon World in check.'

If Deadly Cross were activated, disaster would strike not only the Ivory Tower, but also the entire northern hemisphere.

'Pushing me out of the ivory tower would be the best outcome. But can I?'

As long as his will was rooted in the ivory tower, no force could displace him.

“Yahweh.”

As Baal raised his longsword above his head, a cool sword spread like oil on the blade.

Perhaps the determination to risk one's life, equivalent to that of the Demon Realm, was manifested through Kang's ability.

“Do I look funny? Even a non-deadly cross can destroy the ivory tower.”

'I guess so.'

The energy Sirone felt from Baal was at a level that could penetrate the 97th and 98th floors.

'This should be seen as the last attack. The moment I get pushed back here, there is no second chance.'

With the Hand of God blocking the front, Baal's eyes fell into the deep abyss.

"Goes."

As soon as the horse fell, a vertical line was drawn on the landscape as if drawn with a ruler.

The line that could not measure the distance was grasped by the hand of light that could not measure the distance.

“Big!”

As if a palm had been cut, fragments of light burst out like a fountain along a vertical line.

'The 97th floor.'

Even if the force was not controlled, it was so powerful that it had to be yielded.

'The 98th floor!'

With the last layer left, Sirone energized the Hand of God.

'Seize!'

As Yahweh's will and Baal's will collided, the space on the 98th floor began to distort.

The shock wave exploded with a roar, and Sirone's body was embedded in the ceiling of the 98th floor.

“Kuk!”

Looking down in that state, Baal with the face of a demon was surging up.

“Yaaaa!” In order not to fall into the enemy's trap, what he chose was the strength of the river with all his heart.

Sirone's eyes widened.

'I'm thinking of going up to the top.'

The strength to the point of giving goosebumps was also a determination, so even though it was an enemy, my heart became hot.

When it collided with the Hand of God, the boundary between golden light and purple light appeared clearly.

Baal's will was strengthened.

'Pierce.'

However, the more that happened, the stronger the will of Sirone in the Miracle Stream was.

'Stop it!'

My body tightened, and I felt the pressure in my stomach rising like it was going to explode.

'Is this Yahweh?'

It didn't matter to Baal how heinous he was to the demons.

'Only weak beings whine. Whatever Yahweh is, it is enough to surpass it.'

I thought so.

'Can't I get over it?'

It is not because Baal's will is weaker than Sirone's.

'It embraces all of humanity. That would be a huge weakness in any situation... …

As much as Yahweh's will, no one in this world will be able to touch it.

'It would be nice, human.'

I understood the feelings of the other demons.

'I want to break it. I want to burn all my will and properly feel the energy of Yahweh.'

In the first stage when his body began to be crushed, Baal turned away from his burning desire to win.

'It's Satan.'

Since all demons came from him, their powers must also be used for Satan's purposes.

'At this point?' If you open the Pandemonium and hit the Deadly Cross directly into the Ivory Tower, the mission is complete.

The impact of meteorites is the best weapon Hell has, but the Ivory Tower would be worth the exchange.

Sirone guessed Baal's intentions through the hand of god's vibration.

'no.'

Before mankind could reach Ultima, it was necessary to prevent the opening of the Demon Realm.

“Big!”

In the blink of an eye, a thought flashed through Sirone's mind, and Baal's eyes widened.

As the suppressed river grew explosively, his sword rushed towards Sirone.

'Am I stepping back?'

There was no choice but to stop Deadly Cross from activating, but desperation also made no sense.

'Is it a trap?'

He knew that one of Sirone's abilities was the ability to manipulate the mind like a law.

'Yahweh is the one who handles the heart. If I change my heart, it becomes a reality.'

The corner of Baal's mouth went up.

'I'm not fooled.'

Unsure of anything, he held out his sword with all his might towards Sirone.

And finally.

' what?'

Baal's longsword passed through Sirone's abdomen.

'I was really stabbed... …

realized at the same time.

'Oops!'

However, it was already too late, and the Hand of God (hand skill) wiped them out.

On the 99th floor, where the sound of metal in the engine room could be heard, Baal looked ahead.

Sirone, who suffered a piercing wound in the abdomen, was kneeling on one knee with her stomach covered.

'That way... …

There is magic that is 100% successful.

If you want to show the magic of disappearing fingers, you can actually cut off your fingers.

In the end, no one has to trust anyone until the moment the longsword is stabbed into the abdomen.

'Because it's true.'

Baal walked over to Sirone.

“But what does this mean? You were mortally wounded and could not harm me.”

As if not giving him time to heal his wounds, he immediately raised his longsword.

"die."

At the same time, the pipa in the control room pressed a button.

“Magnetic reversal.”

The moment the 68-ton battery pops out, Baal's body disappears with a thud.

In his shocked eyes, he saw the figure of Sirone, who had been hit by a battery in the same way.

'Was this one?'

As he moved away from the Ivory Tower at breakneck speed, Baal raised the river to the limit.

“Big!”

But it was all he could do to withstand the shock, and he couldn't even lift a finger.

At the point where the figure of Sirone, who was gradually moving away, looked like a dot, Baal's nose twisted.

“Aaaaaaaaa!”

The anger was buried in the blizzard.

As the outer wall of the 99th floor collapsed, the center of gravity of the tower was rapidly shifted downward.

“Aww! go down!”

In the thrill of free fall, Tokei screamed and Pipa bit her lip.

The remaining outer wall will cushion the impact, but it was the standard for the building.

When the 100th floor was plugged into the 98th floor, a tremendous vibration made their bones throb.

'please please!'

An error of even 1 percent relative to the scale would cause the tower to crash into the ground.

“Stand, stand.”

Tokay murmured, and the pipa checked the balance of the tower floating on the control screen.

The inclination of the tower, which had seemed to remain vertical, increased from 0.1 degree to 0.38 degree.

“I am falling! It's because of the wind." In front of the only uncontrollable variable, Arte, a 3-star resident, raised a debt.

"sight."

There was a sound of bells ringing, and a great gale began to gust around the tower.

"It's still leaning!"

0.6 degrees to 0.72 degrees.

The Ivory Tower is the world's largest structure, and if it tilts more than 1 degree, it cannot be stopped even by a typhoon.

“Arte! Increase the spin!” As Tokay, who calculates fluid dynamics, gave instructions, the wind grew wilder.

Whoo oh oh!

“It is built! little bit more!"

As the tower, which had been traveling back and forth by plus or minus 0.5 degrees, regained its center, Arte exhaled.

“It’s almost a vacuum. We will have to keep it like this until the connection work of the tower is finished.”

It was a situation where fine adjustments were possible because there was a wizard who was the strongest of the blow series.

However, it was an unpleasant result as he was unable to help Sing and was stranded in the control room.

“You knew from the beginning, right?” Feeling Arte's glare through her slender eyes, the pipa shrugged her shoulders.

“It’s improvisation, improvisation.”

Meanwhile, like Baal, Sirone was also caught in the inertia of the battery.

'too fast.'

The weight of the projectile alone is 68 tons.

Since they shot something like that with electromagnetic force, it was incomparable to explosive propulsion.

I prevented my body from exploding with the Miracle Stream, but the wounds from Baal remained intact.

Even holding on to consciousness was an ordeal as the arctic headwind lowered his body temperature.

'How far is it flying?'

With Corona Kingdom visible on the horizon, the battery began to draw a parabola.

'It falls.'

The Miracle Stream would protect the body, but it seemed difficult to make a beautiful landing.

A battle cry was heard.

“Hold the line of defense! If Huig occupied territory is taken away, it will be a straight line to Corona Kingdom!”

At that moment, the general raised his head.

“What is that?”

A huge chunk of iron flew in quickly and landed right in the center of the demon camp.

Aaaaaang!

After falling into the snow, Sirone's back shook.

“Aww.”

After the fall, the battery rolled another 200 meters and crushed the demons on the way.

The demons stared blankly at the horrific scene.

“What the fuck… …

The demons turned their heads again and found Sirone with blood on her chest.

"Yahweh?"

As the Demons, who had been approaching in dismay, took two or three steps back, the squad leader shouted.

“Hey, hey! what are you surprised Since when did we fear Yahweh? Gather everyone!”

In other words, it was correct, but it was very uncomfortable for a company to approach with interest.

One of the demons muttered.

“… … He looks injured.”

It seems that he is still conscious, but the light of Yahweh has not escaped from his chest.

“A sword, a sword statue.”

Was Yahweh pierced by a sword?

For a while, the eyes of the demons were filled with joy.

“Quack! Kkkkkkkkk!”

The squad leader's shoulders widened suddenly.

“Hey, did Yahweh do penance? To come in person to treat you to delicious juice.”

Sirone said.

“Stop the war. If you continue killing meaninglessly, I will not stand still.”

Loud laughter broke out on all sides.

“Puhehehe! What are you talking about? Hey, do you know what your condition is?”

Sirone's eyes lit up.

“Almost all goes well.” The sound of laughter suddenly stopped, and the demons who exchanged glances rushed at them.

“Kill! Chew!”

Like water flowing into a pit, when demons gather and form a mass.

“Aww! what's this!"

As the toxic smoke spread, the demons whose skin melted were scattered in all directions.

“Are you almost done? Anyway, bluff.”

Turning her gaze to the woman's voice, Sirone noticed the back of a familiar woman.

“Mr. Minerva.”

Minerva turned around with the smoking pipe in her mouth and smiled and winked.

“Welcome to Huig Occupation.” At the present time, it was the most intense battlefield in the world.