[733] Two gazes (2)

* * *

When I opened the window, Amy smiled refreshingly as the warm spring breeze lingered in the cold of winter.

'The flowers will bloom now.'

She had devoted herself to training day and night in order to pass the official exam, but today she was thrilled.

'Shall we go out to the city in a while?'

I picked out pretty clothes and put on makeup in front of the mirror without thinking about showing it to anyone.

“Hmm… … .”

Looking at her exceptionally pretty face, she puffed out her cheeks and made a cute gesture when the door opened.

“Amy, you should eat breakfast.”

Amy's mother, Isis, sighed at the sight of her cute daughter, which she hadn't seen before.

“What are you doing alone?”

“… … no, that's... … .”

Amy, who had corrected her posture as if she had never done that before, said as she continued her makeup.

“We will eat breakfast outside. I'm going to go get some fresh air.”

Even after the graduation exams, Amy's enthusiasm did not diminish in the slightest, but it was limited to magic.

“Don’t do that, meet some men outside. You're always blank these days. I'm doing weird things now."

“What a strange thing. Is that something to say to her daughter?”

“I’m worried about it.”

Isis, who was staring at Amy, spoke cautiously.

“Hey, my mom’s friend has a son, and he asked me to introduce you… … . It was a look I liked.”

Amy let out an absurd laugh.

“What are you talking about, not like a mother? In the past, they cut it like a knife on their own.”

“That’s right, when you were a student, now… … .”

“You know I’m meeting someone. How do you say that to see your face later?”

So that was the problem.

“But Sirone hasn’t contacted me… … Besides, so... … .”

When she heard that she was officially dating Sirone, it was Isis who inquired in all directions to find out about the Ivory Tower.

'I heard it's dangerous. It's better to give up family.'

It was a jealous advice to Isis, who had a relationship with the kingdom's best wizard, but it wasn't particularly wrong.

'What's the use of a hundred powers if you don't come home.'

Amy, who couldn't stand Isis' worried eyes, put her hand on her waist and got angry.

“What the hell are you thinking? I haven’t taken the official exam yet, and I haven’t gotten a job yet!”

As Amy said, he was just 20 years old, but the problem was that it was unlikely that a normal relationship would end.

'Isn't that really why I can't even get married?'

Isis sighed and left the room.

“Anyway, be careful. Change your mood a bit.”

“Anyway, worry… … .”

Amy sent off her mother with a snort and started putting on her eye makeup in front of the mirror again.

'Sirone.'

I tried to come up with a complicated thought, but I shook my head hastily and erased the thought.

“Are you doing well?”

Isn't it the Aryan Sirone of the world?

* * *

Labyrinth Andre - World No. 9999.

In the heyday of the Eternal Life Project, Utopia, Sirone was given two options by Argo.

'Aggression and infinity.'

If he chooses cowardice, he will live forever, and if he chooses infinity, he will disappear at this moment.

- I like to live forever.

Argo suggested.

- There are so many benefits of being there forever. On the other hand, humans suffer from a disconnection of information every time. Fear is serious. Everything can be solved this way.

How many humans would refuse in a situation where eternal life is offered in the face of death?

Sirone didn't want to die.

'but… … .'

I couldn't accept Argo's offer.

“No matter how huge the universe is, can it be bigger than the heart of a mother who loves her child?”

-well. Shall we analyze it?

“I will not choose eternal life.”

Because there is no Amy.

“Can you say that living forever is worth more than a fleeting moment with the one you love?”

The Argo's drone shuddered and Amy's hologram reappeared.

-… … The concentration of emotions is amazing.

Amy's hologram grew endlessly until it reached the center's ceiling.

"That is why."

Sirone spread her arms and wept.

“No matter how big the universe is… … .”

As the Immortal Function's mind spread to the infinite realm, the body emitted a pale flash of light.

* * *

“Goaaaaaa!”

The superhuman battle between Rian and Ymir now reached its final destination.

The body, which was as hard as an iron wall, was finally cracked by that hard fist.

“Hahaha! good! more! Come in harder!”

Ymir's punch sent a flurry of blows, and Andre's wall collapsed without hesitation.

Kurrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr!

"Dangerous!"

As the ceiling of the cave collapsed, a large rock landed on the spot where Sirone was crouching.

"this… … !”

He distorted space with etheric waves and pushed back the lightning, but it was only a stopgap measure.

“Get up quickly! It's dangerous!”

“Huh… … !”

Sirone couldn't even hear her voice.

'come! They keep coming... … !'

Without knowing what concept it was, my head was filled with a unique realization.

All insight plays the role of building a bridge from ignorance to intelligence, but now it was 19,000 insights.

I felt like I would reach a single truth no matter which way I stretched, and even though I didn't want to accept it, it came like a wave.

“Eh, run away. I no longer... … !”

The vocalist bit his molars and made a grunting sound.

'What the hell is going on?'

To others, it was just a pale face, but Seong-eum's eyes flashed a flash that seemed to explode the world.

“Princess! You must dodge quickly!”

The battle between Ymir and Lian was as if the martial gods fighting in the heavens descended to the ground, and sooner or later the entire labyrinth of Andre would pour down.

"more! more! more!"

Ymir sensed victory.

'Going crazy! Angry!'

It was so unfair and resentful.

"more! try more! you can do it! You mean this is the end!”

The repulsive force and pain that exploded as bodies collided with each other was so lovely.

'This is how it ends?'

Even Ankera, who was close to a god, could not control its biological strength and sealed it in the hardest ice in the world.

'It's a shock I feel after a while... … !'

Ymir could not contain his anger.

“Aaaaaaa!”

Knuckles collided, and Lian's tendon burst as if twisting from his wrist, and his right arm was blown off.

“Big!”

Even so, Lian's body was still moving forward.

“You weak child!”

Ymir's fist slammed his stomach, causing his body to rise vertically, leaving an intaglio print on the ceiling.

“Gagging!”

Kido hurriedly ran as his body, which had been frozen in the ceiling, fell down.

“Rian, are you okay?”

Ymir exclaimed.

“Are you saying that just woke me up!”

“Calm down, Lian! lee… … !”

Kido, who touched Lian's body, trembled.

'All my bones are crushed.'

Perhaps the intestines melted like porridge in the shockwave.

“On the subject of being chewed up by my molars… … You wield a sword that will never break?”

There are countless objects with functions beyond imagination in the world, but Ymir knows.

Unbreakable is the strongest.

'A guy who can't even wield the strongest weapon... … .'

Memories from a moment ago and memories from a long time ago intertwined in Ymir's head as he looked at Lian, who had spread out on the ground.

"Come to think of it… … .”

Ymir's gaze was aimed at Sirone.

“Is it because of that guy that he endured?”

When he revealed his will to die to Sirone, Lian's body went through a metamorphosis and reached what it is now.

“Hehe, the memories are coming back again and again.”

When Ymir completely turned to Sirone, the Holy Spirit exclaimed in surprise.

“Get up quickly! You don't have to fight or run away!”

"go. I'm Ryan... … Kido... … .”

Mungyeong shouted at Seongeum.

“Princess! Avoid it for now! The charter is not good!”

Thanks to Sirone, he prevented Ymir from breaking through, but he couldn't imagine having a second chance.

'Yes, I have to come up with a new method.'

Seongeum made a decision and cast an etheric wave.

“I will save you unconditionally! I can't end up in debt like this! I'll take you!”

Seong-eum, who distorted Sirone's space, looked at Sirone's eyes, which still contained fighting spirit.

“Keugh!”

It shouldn't be taken this way.

"wake up."

Seongeum, who released the etheric waves, ran to Sirone and grabbed him by the shoulders and dragged him.

“Get up! You can't even fight!"

“Hwang, Princess… … .”

Mungyeong was mesmerized by the sight of Seongeum removing his distance and dragging Sirone away.

“It is not about running away! After spending some time figuring out a way... … .”

"I'm fine."

Sirone raised her head with a haggard complexion.

“Since Rian is watching over me, I’m fine.”

Seong-eum looked at the state of Lian, who was still motionless, and turned her head again.

“That prosecutor is dead too. No one can protect you.”

“Then I can’t.”

"what?"

Sirone smiled bitterly.

“If my sword breaks… … I have no choice but to die.”

At the same time as the words fell, Lian's shoulders twitched and convulsed.

“Lee, Lian… … .”

Hearing Kido's voice and looking back, Lian stood there with his eyes closed.

"at there… … Don't move one step.”

“Quack.”

Ymir's lips parted.

“Ha ha ha ha! Ha ha ha ha!”

Regardless of whether or not my prediction was right, I was just happy that I could fight a little longer.

“Yeah, now I know how.”

He said as he approached Sirone and Seongeum.

“So this guy is your ideal. then break it I will crush you limb from limb in front of your eyes.”

Ymir could have done that.

“To my heart… … .”

Lian, who bit his jaw so hard that his molar teeth were crushed, said with all his strength.

“The kingdom of belief.”

Awesome! Awesome!

Kido's face turned pale as the muscles of his whole body twisted and created numerous swirls on his skin.

“… … Build it.”

The shape of the muscles, unlike any living thing, climbed up the neck and viciously twisted even the facial muscles.

'goblin.'

It was a thought that popped into her mind.

"very good! I'd rather kill this guy now... … !”

Ymir's throat turned before he could finish his words, and Lian's figure, who struck him in the face, appeared belatedly.

'Right, it was. that guy... … .'

A person's face passed through Ymir's mind as he recalled the pain of the distant past.

'It was a yaksha.'

In Jincheon, yaksha are called goblins.

“Aaaaaaa! Aaaaaa!”

Ymir's field of vision, which had been sparking in front of his eyes, was completely filled with white light as the storm of ignorance raged.

'Although I am the totality of over 10 billion people.'

Humans are really weird.

'With such a weak body... … .'

Rather, the mind knows no end.

'Loving to destroy... … .'

You become the strongest when you protect something.

'Ogent.'

Smille.

“Ha ha ha ha ha!”

Ymir intuited the end of the game.

“It was a great battle!”

As he punched with the greatest force ever, Lian's eyes burned intensely.

Divine Transcendence - Shim Kwon Mach.

The heart beats first.

'What's this?'

The whole world seemed to be sucked into Lian's fist.

At the moment when the two fists collided with each other, Ymir realized a wonderful fact.

'It's such a powerful force... … .'

that it is not accompanied by pain.

Woooooooooooooooooooooooooh!

The explosive sound of Ymir's torso flying off the side of his fist shook Andre's labyrinth.

---------------------------------------