[5] Meet the Magic (5)

Sirone kept quiet about what happened in the city. Come to think of it, it wasn't a simple problem. Once he brings up the story, he has to even talk about what happened at magic school.

Sirone had guessed what a great experience the events of the day were. It may be a blessing or a misfortune, but it was clear that once he had crossed the line, he couldn't go back to the way it was before.

One of the criteria for being a genius was whether or not you knew you were a genius. Shirone also realized from an early age that she was different from others. She didn't feel particularly superior, but her desire to test the limits of her abilities was stronger than anyone else's.

It just didn't show it. 

To Sirone, her parents were the most precious beings in the world. Even though they are poor, I didn't want to put a burden on people who have never forced me to take the wrong path.

The great awakening that a 12-year-old boy experienced entered the incubation period while waiting for an opportunity.

Everyday life continued as usual. In the afternoon I went to the mountains to help her mom with work and took wood.

However, most of the time spent in the mountains was meditation, not axeing. After about a month like that, the speed of entering the spirit zone became much faster.

Of course, there were some parts that weren't as easy as I thought. No matter how much I got used to the Spirit Zone, the magic I cast in the alleyway didn't activate again.

Sirone soon realized the reason.

It was magic that succeeded unintentionally and unconsciously. When you become conscious of success, imitation is impossible. It was the same principle that your hands would become stiff if you were conscious of the sheet music you played without thinking.

In order to restore his senses, he had no choice but to retrace step by step the intermediate process he skipped through insight, but it was impossible for him, who had not learned magic, to examine the process.

Sirone quickly gave up on things she couldn't get, and instead dug into the Spirit Zone tenaciously.

Magic researchers were limited to simply practicing magic. He concluded for himself that mental endurance that does not waver under any circumstances is important.

After 5 hours of meditation, Sirone picked up an ax and tried thunderclap. Unlike the beginning, when I started to be conscious of thunderstorm, the success rate dropped. However, chopping wood was different from magic, so he was able to recall the process as much as he wanted.

Sirone corrected the errors one by one and swung the axe. 

After hitting hundreds of times, the thunder attack was successful.

What a bummer!

The tree fell with delight. 

But there was no excitement whatsoever. He just found and corrected one error.

“Tomorrow and again tomorrow.”

So go through the basics. for an opportunity to come someday.

Sirone's eyes were shining more intensely than usual as he carried the tree and returned home.

Opportunities worth more than life (1)

The fallen leaves were blown endlessly by the wind.

Sirone stood by the window, wearing a sable shawl, looking at the late autumn mountain scene.

Four years have passed and Sirone has grown into a 16-year-old boy. Although she still looked young, her face was so beautiful that anyone, regardless of gender or age, could turn their attention to it.

“I’ll be back, Mom.”

“Do your best and come in. We have enough firewood now.”

“It is winter soon. We have to prepare in advance.”

As I packed my gear and left the cabin, the chill took my breath away. Because the seasons come earlier in the mountains than in the cities, snow was already piled up on the summit.

“I must walk diligently to return before sunset.”

Since she was a Sirone who trained her spirit in the Spirit Zone for four years, she was not afraid of any danger unlike before. Thanks to this, the shyness disappeared and he often hung out with the children of mountain hunters.

But I never had a friend with whom I could be completely open.

The children of mountaineers were different from Sirone, and had rough and straightforward personalities. Even girls. 

In such a group, Sirone was an ugly duckling. 

The children envy Sirone, who has an intellect, but sometimes openly show hostility.

A year ago, a woman named Hauran from the slash-and-burn village had flirted with Sirone. She was 6 years her senior and called Sirone out saying she had something to say and tried to make physical advances to her.

However, when Sirone firmly refused, he suddenly changed his mind and threatened to disrupt the family if he flirted with him one more time, saying that a lowly man like you was not his taste.

Sirone burst into laughter as he recalled the time.

In my young mind, I remembered how I suffered for days, fearing that she would really come to visit me.

'Is everyone doing well?'

Arriving at the logging area, Sirone found a suitable tree and lightly hammered the axe, carefully examining the grooved marks.

But his eyes weren't looking at anything. Through his many years of experience, he has learned that the weak points of trees are not something that can be seen with the naked eye.

When you repeat the same action or thought, there are cases where you automatically realize the principle, which is called a routine. Representatively, there was a case where the complex concept of the four arithmetic operations was automatically understood.

Sirone tried throwing an ax in various ways for 4 years, and in the process, he perfected his sense of thunder.

Sensing something, Sirone picked up the ax again and cut a groove in the tree with moderate force. A thunderclap erupted and the tree fell. Success with two ax strokes. Although she was on the lucky side, she was a sirone who succeeds in thundering once out of ten anyway.

Sitting on a fallen tree, Sirone entered the Spirit Zone. The current shape of the Spirit Zone is a sphere with a diameter of approximately 40 meters. This was the level of entering the top class even at the magic school where talented people gathered.

Sirone felt the world beneath her feet. As if assimilating with the earth, the shaking of the bushes was felt. I could hear earthworms wriggling in the ground and tree roots sucking up moisture.

Nature is constantly changing. If you were to appreciate that dynamic world, the 5 hours was nothing more than an instant.

"uh? It's already dark.”

After finishing the meditation, Sirone split the fallen tree into pieces and carried it on her back.

Arriving at the cabin, Sirone found a luxurious carriage standing there, which is not usually seen. Looking around the stable, I saw two white horses licking their fodder.

"I'm home."

I opened the door and greeted him, but there was no welcoming voice. The atmosphere was strange. Her mother's face was dark and in her living room an old man she had never seen before sat at her table talking to her father.

"uh? Is Daddy here?”

“Are you in Sirone?”

It was a quick return for having entered the city at dawn. Besides, at other times he would have rushed over and kissed her, but now he solemnly maintained his seat.

“Greetings, Sirone. He is the sub-butler of the Ogent family.”

“Nice to meet you. It is Temuran.”

"nice to see you. My name is Sirone.”

Sirone bowed politely. Even Sirone, who lived in the valley, knew the Ogent family. A second-class aristocrat based in Creas, he was a samurai who produced numerous warriors.

“I came to see you.”

Temuran smelled peculiar to nobility. That doesn't mean he was a noble. 

The hierarchical structure of the kingdom is simple with nobles and commoners, but there are various hierarchies apart from political divisions.

Among them, it was no exaggeration to say that the ranks of the commoners were determined by the nobility.

A blacksmith who makes a noble's sword is respected. Merchants who set up shops in noble districts also had powerful authority.

Then what about the mountaineers? He has no connections with the aristocracy and doesn't even live in the city.

Therefore, mountaineers are called the common people and treated with contempt.

On the other hand, Temuran could be said to be the best among the commoners because it was a job that assisted the nobles right next to them.

Sirone did not know why such a person would come to such a mountain valley to find himself.

“I’ll see you soon.”

Temuran groped Sirone's body, examining her appearance, skeleton, and eyes. It was like grading livestock.

“They say you can read.”

"yes. I read little by little from a young age.”

Temuran was lost in thought without giving any explanation. Then Sirone's patience reached its limit.

“I want to know what is going on. Could you please tell me?”

Temuran's eyes turned fierce.

“Your reputation is quite good. Even though he is the son of a mountaineer, he knows how to read, and, moreover, he is so filial?”

Temuran had the ability to make praise sound like mockery. It was as if you were asking how deep your filial piety must be.

Sirone hated people who disparaged other people's families the most. I couldn't stand it and was about to reply, but unbelievable words came out of Temuran's mouth.

“Hey, don’t you want to work for the Ogent family?”

A bolt of lightning struck Sirone's head. Working for a second-class aristocratic family was tantamount to a rise in status from the lowest to the highest.

“What are you going to do?”

“This time, the main house is working on relocating the Great Library. It's something you can't entrust to just anyone. Among the 10,000 books, there are some that shouldn't be leaked. The porters will do the hard work, but the sorting will be done just you and me. It will take about two years.”

library!

Sirone's heart almost burst. I knew that the more attractive the offer, the more likely the poison was hidden, but I wanted to drink any poison right now.

Temuran told Sirone what poison to drink. He was the pride of a butler who would not cheat against the common people.

“The only people who know this are you and your family. If for any reason the books are leaked or rumored to have been leaked, you and your family are dead.”

Sirone realized why her parents' expressions were dark. Even if she doesn't speak up, she doesn't know what will happen in two years. It was like giving her life to someone else.

Still, the reason why I couldn't refuse the offer is probably... … .

“As it is a life-threatening task, I will pay enough money. That's way more money than your father makes hunting. Thanks to having children well, the family is also taking care of themselves.”

Vincent jumped up with a red face.

“I didn't listen to you because of the money! I am our sirone... … Sirone!”

Vincent was speechless with sadness. He was an ugly father who hadn't done anything up until now. The chance he left behind was risking his son's life.

“… … I just want to be able to make my dream come true.”

Temuran snorted as if it were ridiculous.

“What are you thinking right now? Are you thinking of getting ahead by falling flattery? Then wake up the dream To be clear, it's hiring. You are the one who asked me to use my son. If it wasn't for the money, there would be no reason to do that.”

“You said you could read books!”

“Of course I can read books. But I'm not saying read it, I mean it's impossible to keep an eye on it perfectly. That's why I said I would cut my throat if it leaked. It’s like a minimum safety device.”

Vincent bit his molar. When he entered the city to sell his goods, he heard that the butler of an aristocratic family was looking for a commoner who could read. Seeing this as a lucky chance, he ran to Temuran and begged him to use Sirone.

But it would come out like this.

What I was most afraid of was the wounds my son would receive. Could it be that he sold his children because he was blinded by money?

If so, just imagining it was terrifying.

"get out. I don't need a penny of money. If I had known this was going to happen, I wouldn't have ejaculated. So get out of this house right now!”

“Dad, I will.”

“Sirone!”

Temuran looked back at Sirone with a surprised expression. It's something he has to risk his life for. Even though it would be a huge burden for a 16-year-old boy, and even a lowly child, to bear, Sirone didn't look afraid at all.

“Are you really okay? I'm not trying to scare you. To be clear, if you spread even the slightest rumor, your head will be cut off.”

“Yes, I will. I will never leak it, and even if rumors spread for some reason, I won't resent it. Please let me do it.”

If he said that, even Temuran deserved to be trusted. All conditions were perfect. He was a natural born who could be killed at any time, and he had a deep filial piety and was also equipped with intelligence.

Feeling rewarded with his footsteps, Temuran turned around.

“Come pick me up in a week. If you change your mind in the meantime, you can always decline. However, keep in mind that once you enter the mansion, you cannot leave until the job is done.”

Temuran opened the door alone and left as if he did not want anyone to see him off. However, his family was in no mood to tease him to take care of him.

---------------------------------------