[293] 6. The Great Secret (2)

Armin nodded.

"That's right. The reason Sirone was invited to the Kazura Castle is because he possesses the power of an archangel.”

“As expected. bad guys! I wasn't just trying to find my biological son.”

Reina didn't know about heaven, so she couldn't understand what the two were saying, but she was silent for the moment. It wouldn't be too late to fill in the missing parts after hearing all the stories.

Amy suddenly raised her hand.

"for a moment. But why did you try to kill Sirone? If Sirone dies, won't Ataraxia disappear too?”

Armin kept his mouth shut. sharp point. But from the moment he decided to enlist the help of the two of them, he thought he shouldn't lie, so he said it honestly.

“There is a reason for that. Perhaps it was Arius' idea to kill Sirone. In fact, at first he probably wouldn't have made up his mind that much. He must have simply infiltrated Sirone's mind and cloned Ataraxia. But it failed.”

“Why? Is it difficult to duplicate?”

“There may be many variables, but in my opinion, ataraxia is not an ability that humans can handle. If you forcibly mount it at any point in your consciousness, you may go insane. So the original owner seems to have imprinted it in a very deep place.”

"What if it's deep?"

Armin raised his index finger.

“Step 1. You will be in the maternal consciousness that governs your instincts. If you plant it in the realm of instinct, you will naturally accept any concept, no matter how bizarre, as if it existed in the first place.”

Amy nodded. She finally felt like her front and back were falling into place.

Armin continued.

“Instinct is a safe space for you, but a terrible place for others. However, with Arius' skills, it would be possible to submerge the mother's consciousness for a while. Besides, it sounds like you've tried. Judging from the door being installed.”

“But the robbery failed?”

“I can only think of that. Perhaps it is protected by a code system that humans cannot crack, or it is most likely imprinted in the form of a capsule that even Syrone cannot see inside. That's why he decided to kill Sirone. The reason why you can't recklessly enter the mother's womb consciousness is because the lower you go, the stronger your defense instincts become. Once the unconscious security device is activated, even the world's divers will drown without being able to escape.”

“Now I get it. So, cut Sirone's head... … .”

“Exactly. The human unconscious is rooted deep in the body. Thus, when the throat is cut, the unconscious defenses are disrupted. Arius took advantage of that opportunity.”

Amy bit her lip and thought. There was one thing she still couldn't understand.

“Look, something doesn’t seem right. Even if Arius reaches Stage 1 after dissolving the unconscious, what can he do there? If it's not the ability that humans can handle, you can't use it even if you clone it, right? There is no way to engrave it on your instincts like Sirone.”

Armin felt that what was to come had come. From here on, it was a story that should never be known outside the world.

'I didn't want to reveal this as much as possible... … .'

However, Sirone cannot be saved without their help. It was necessary to understand this world in order to increase the ability to carry out missions even a little.

“From now on, what you are going to hear is a top secret, no matter what country you are in. Of course, nothing is classified and confidential, but I will tell you anyway.”

The two women nodded. Even so, the reason why I couldn't assure myself that I wouldn't reveal it was because I understood Armin's last words.

“The human mind… … It can turn into a thing.”

Amy blinked. First of all, she didn't reach her intuitively, and she thought that she was bland compared to what she expected.

But as Armin's words melted into his head, he realized how absurd they were.

“So the mind becomes a thing?”

Armin put off an answer and asked a random question.

“Have you ever heard the word <drimo>?”

Raina shook her head first, followed by Amy's response.

Armin continued as if it was natural.

“Dremo is a multi-dimensional mental world. The human brain consumes energy to think. So, is thought energy? Some people think that energy is just for running the brain and thought is another concept. It is a product of energy. And that product must be discharged somewhere. That is the space called dream.”

"It's a similar concept to the law of conservation of mass."

"you're right. Dreamo is a space that you can enter if you meet certain conditions in your dream. It's an imaginary complex where all thoughts converge. So, here's a great hypothesis. If thoughts escape into Dremo, on the contrary, thoughts in Dremo can be brought into reality.”

Amy asked with a bewildered expression.

“Has anyone actually been to Dremo?”

“Why not? No, there are countless. After entering through a dream, they cleverly use the rule of equivalent exchange to smuggle it out. However, he said that it is not easy to smuggle a concept that does not contain a strong desire. In any case, Arius steals thoughts that way.”

"Wait. That means that the items from Dremo already exist. If so, what the heck... … .”

Amy realized something and opened her eyes wide.

“No way, that thing… … .”

Arius said with a bitter smile.

"That's right. We call it an object.”

Amy realized why Armin threatened her. It was evidence that broke the existing hypothesis that thoughts are nothing but energy.

“Literally, an object is a materialized human mind. So, the ability of an object is based on a very personal desire. Of course, there is nothing strange about it. The only problem is when it turns out to be real.”

said Rayna.

“I know about objects. According to an acquaintance wizard, it is an object that violates the laws of the universe. But now that I've heard it, it seems like they didn't get it right either.”

Armin agreed.

“I will. Very few people in the high class, even royalty, know about Drimo. It's probably top-secret except for the king, except for the department dedicated to it. Objects seem to ignore the law of cause and effect, but accepting the hypothesis that thoughts are a type of matter does not mean ignoring the laws of the universe. However, there are still many unknowns about the interaction between reality and Dremo.”

said Rayna.

“Like <The Last Scream of the Jaeger Family>.”

“Oh, did you know?”

Reina blushed and shook her head.

"no. I just know it's called that. I went as a performer to a gathering of the royal family, and I heard a lot because I have such a good ear. sorry. Just what I know comes out... … .”

Armin smiled as if he was okay and told an anecdote about <The Last Scream of the Jaeger Family>. Amy, who had been listening with interest to her, shuddered at her final case.

“Did it really happen?”

“The actual case is correct. However, opinions are divided as to whether this is a psychopathic act of the family head or a phenomenon to achieve balance in the dimension. What is clear is that they went through a nonsense, and in the end, the object was left in its place. Maybe someone in the family contacted Dremo. I can't reveal the conditions for going to Dremo, but it's not like there's no chance of entering by coincidence.”

Amy was curious about that condition, but kept her mouth shut thinking that it would be disrespectful to ask that much.

“Anyway, the relationship between Dremo and reality is not something that humans can predict. Therefore, access to Dremo is recognized as a serious crime in each country. In fact, dive magic itself isn't that bad. It is used in the treatment of mentally ill people. You need a full diver license. But Arius is abusing it. That's why he's called a grave robber, not a diver. Access to Drimo is taboo in any country. This is why Arius is being pursued around the world as a Double S-class criminal.”

Reina made a tired expression.

“In a sense… … You have to deal with great people.”

Armin also admitted that it wasn't easy.

“Actually, if he doesn't commit crimes, he's a really brilliant intellectual. Dive is a job that requires a lot of intellect.”

Amy made an outline of what she had heard so far.

“I will sort it out. Arius is aiming for Ataraxia. He planned the murder to collapse Shirone's unconscious and is now heading into stage 1. From there he will steal Ataraxia and go to Dremo. Then he smuggles them into reality. If so... … ?”

Amy gave goosebumps just by imagining it. Also, that was the reason Armin came here, even binding Keira with her stop magic.

"you're right. Ataraxia becomes an object. The archangel's ability becomes a tool that anyone can use. This is really serious.”

“… … .”

Faced with a reality they don't want to admit, the two women are at a loss for words for a moment, lost in thought.

@

Being trapped in a time field doesn't mean being stupid.

The acceleration of thought, the acceleration of emotion, and the acceleration of cognition remain the same, but only the speed of development is slowed down.

That is why Sirone is still impulsive, and that impulse was developing into a more intense impulse in the slow flow of time.

Likewise, Xenoger's steel wire was digging into Sirone's neck with powerful energy in slow time.

The sound of flesh cracking spreads slowly, and even slower... … The incontinence engraved on Sirone's neck was stained with blood.

@

Flash!

For an instant, the outside of the window was dyed golden.

Rumble! bang! Kwak Kwa Kwak!

The sound of thunder enough to leave heaven and earth shook the world.

Amy looked out the window with a terrified expression. She was a radical natural phenomenon that is hard to hear even in real life.

I thought I was past the age to be frightened by thunder, but when I heard the roar of the emperor, human fear gripped my heart.

“It's really amazing. It looks like it's thundering right in front of you.”

Armin looked outside and said.

“The fear of death, accepted from the unconscious, has risen to the surface. But this is pretty good. If the average person had been in this situation, it would have been more than enough to cause mayhem. It's about the level of Sirone, so I'm enduring it.”

Amy smiled sadly. Unlike himself who had been criticized earlier, Armin was acknowledging Sirone.

How would it feel to be recognized by such a great wizard? That's why it was sad that Sirone wasn't here.

'Well, since all of this is sirone... … .'

Armin was wary of being sentimental.

“Even now, Kang Seon is strangling Sirone. It will get worse and worse and start to collapse from the bottom up. The aftermath of that can be seen by looking at the current state of Stage 11. In the end, the minimum conditions for Arius to dive into the deep sea are met.”

Amy quickly regained a sense of reality.

"Is there a way? A way to save Sirone.”

It doesn't end with stopping Arius and Zeon. If the time force field is released like this, Sirone will die immediately.

“Currently, there is only one way. We also pass through the REM area and dig into the depths. It's already too late to undo something in reality. But if you plant something at the bottom of your psyche, it might be possible.”

Everything that happens in Sirone's consciousness immediately becomes Sirone's. Therefore, it was about planting in the unconscious in advance a way to respond in a crisis of desperation.

“Like Ataraxia, are you planting magic?”

Armin scratched his head.

“That is a bunch. In fact, I also don't know how Sirone came to possess that magic. There must have been something unique to the Archangel. But we're a bunch. However, if you go deep enough, you might be able to engrave something like a simple action guideline.”

---------------------------------------