[101] Meeting God (3)

Sirone felt like he had been hit in the head with a hammer. Even if this place was the underworld, it was a state of being reliable, but meeting a god was a completely different matter.

“Are you a god?”

“Don’t you believe it?”

"well. I didn’t even know there was a God, but I thought that even if there was, he wouldn’t be this human.”

The woman smiled.

“Every creature has no choice but to resemble its creator. It is like any object made by humans inevitably contains human thoughts and forms. Plants, animals, mountains and seas all resemble God. But the degree is different. Creativity is the criterion. For example, squirrels are more creative than rocks. In that sense, humans are quite like gods. and sirone. You are one of the most godlike among them.”

The woman reached out and stroked Sirone's face.

“Sirone. Would you like to create the world with me?”

Sirone was confused. Everything was so sudden and unfamiliar. Above all, the woman's words that this place is not the afterlife remained in my mind. Maybe it was something that gave me a little hope.

“Is there any way I can go back?”

The woman looked at Sirone in surprise and shook her head.

“Sorry, Sirone, there is no way to go back. Didn't you choose to end your life? Do you want to go back now?” 

“That's not it. It was definitely something I was prepared for, and if it wasn't for you, I wouldn't have come back to my senses like this. Oh, there... … Can I call you like this?”

"Sure. God is just a concept. I have no name.”

“Then may I ask you one more question?”

“Whoops, whatever.”

“Why are you lying?”

The woman's brow narrowed. That alone made the temple shake.

“God doesn't lie. No, I am an existence that cannot lie.”

If God is omnipotent, lying is impossible. Because any word can turn into truth. But Sirone read it in the woman's eyes. She was hiding something. 

“When I asked if there was any way to go back, I said no. But that's not true.”

“Whether there is a way to go back or not, there is no way back unless I am there. That's why.”

"That's a lie"

“You don’t understand, Sirone. They said there was no way I could go back. So I can't go back, never!”

“Then I will tell you again. It has nothing to do with your doctor. What I want to hear is, is there a way to return to the original world?”

“There is no way!”

“Another lie!”

The woman's shoulders twitched. Sirone did not miss her reaction. As she panicked, the scenery of her temple shimmered as if she were submerged in her water.

“Are you really a god?”

It was suspicious from the start. Of course, there is no reason why the form of a god imagined by humans should be a real god, but even so, the woman's reaction was very human.

The woman nodded as if she knew something.

“Sirone. We have different conceptions of God. So there is a misunderstanding. God is not as sublime as you think. He is just the designer of the world.”

When the woman held out her hand, a glass ball floated above her palm. Inside the glass sphere was a scene of a small town, with sparse people standing there.

“You see, I created a village. Of course it's a model. But you can move people like this.”

The woman put her finger in the glass ball and carried the farmer feeding the horse to a nearby field.

“Okay, the farmer has moved. Changing space means giving time. Can you find something different from the world Sirone used to live in? doesn't exist. This is God. I have now become the god of this town.”

The woman held out the glass ball in front of Sirone's eyes.

“A god is, in the end, nothing more than a designer who can create a dimension one level lower than the one he is in. Why do you still feel that God is absolute? And that's the fun part. This farmer will not feel that a force has acted on his movement to a nearby field.”

The woman pulled out the glass ball again and held it up with her palms. As she spread her arms wide, her village expanded in an instant and she covered the temple.

Sirone looked around. He had already entered the village. The two stood at the end of the trail and faced each other. Others still did not move. 

The woman approached the farmer who was tiling the field.

“This farmer has no idea how imperfect the world I've created is. Because I was born here. There is only one way to know.”

“It’s an immortal function.”

"that's right. The immortal function expands the senses as a whole. This town is enclosed in a glass globe. Therefore, it is no exaggeration to say that there is no world beyond the glass sphere.”

The woman put her hand on the farmer's shoulder. The farmer turned to light and covered the entire sky. In that state, as the woman held out her fist, the landscape shrunk and the entire village was once again immersed in the glass sphere.

Sirone stared at the glass ball quietly. He was filled with light emanating from the farmer.

“This farmer has been expanded entirely through Immortal Functions. But even so, I cannot recognize the existence of me. It is Sirone, and you are too.”

Sirone's condition as a farmer did not seem like someone else's business. She said that if she hadn't tried to hijack the woman, she too would have been disseminated in a meaningless light.

“What do you want from me? Knowing that, what can I do?”

“This is it, Sirone.”

The woman pressed the glass ball between her palms. Then the glass sphere shrank and compressed into a black dot.

"spot… … .”

"yes. This is the identity of the world we live in. The world you live in is, after all, just a dot. But once inside, an infinite world opens up. It is the space-time matrix.”

The woman showed herself. The landscape of the glass sphere disappeared into dots and a new world was born. Another world within a world, and then another world... … . Then, when we put our palms together, the glass sphere disappeared. Billions of worlds perished in an instant.

“Please enter the time-space I created. Create your spacetime there. Then a perfect universe will be born.”

For some reason, she seemed to want to innovate her world. It wasn't a particularly embarrassing proposition. It was a decent ending if she became a god from another world in return for risking death.

“I can’t.”

The woman asked as if she couldn't understand.

“Why? There would be no cause or reason for refusal.”

“Because if I enter your time-space, I will have to sacrifice someone like me again.”

A glimmer of sadness flashed in the woman's eyes. But the change in her emotions was short-lived, and she soon returned to her cold expression, and she said to Sirone.

“What does that matter? It's the world you created anyway."

“But you are not a god.”

For the first time, hostility flashed in the woman's eyes.

“You are a human being in the same world as me. The proof is that I was brought here before I was completely disbanded. Shouldn't God really be outside the world?"

The woman did not deny it. That doesn't mean the results have changed. 

“Sirone, you must follow my words. I called you for a purpose. If you refuse, you can go through the process of disbanding right now.”

It is a spirit reconstructed with the power of a woman. So it might be free to go back. However, as long as there was even a chance to return to the original world, Sirone did not intend to obey.

“It will not disintegrate.”

The woman reached out to Sirone and cast the Almighty of Destruction. However, Sirone was not disbanded. Because she had already entered the Spirit Zone.

“You got another problem right. An excellent choice.”

The woman's arm came down slowly.

“I get it now. The Spirit Zone was also a spot.”

The spot could be infinitely penetrated by the principle of space-time matrix. It was the reason why Sirone, the spirit body, was able to enter the Spirit Zone again.

“And here… … It is your spirit zone.”

Sirone concentrated the energy of light. The woman frowned in displeasure. The red glow of her sirone, rising from her body, was oppressing her with her ferocious aura.

Gold Medal (1)

The fifth day of Sirone's death.

The students all regained their memories. Children in particular were confused. However, since they were also talented people with exceptional mental strength than ordinary people, the aftereffects were not as severe as expected.

But the real trouble began now.

The incident in which the school was taken over by monsters exposed the vulnerability of the security facility. In particular, safety was a specification that had to be considered as a top priority under the regulations of schools that operate a dormitory system.

The biggest problem was that there were deaths among students. It was also Ariane Sirone, who was expected to be a promising star in the school.

Sirone was in the infirmary instead of the morgue at the request of Iruki and Nade. In common sense, a funeral should be held, but the teachers were also aware of it.

The reason why there is no movement to determine who is responsible is that the student council has not yet ruled out Sirone's death.

In the end, it was like planning a strategy to avoid responsibility by turning Sirone into a specter.

Of course, there were not a few teachers who felt remorse for this method. Currently, they are gathering in the teacher's conference room to emphasize the urgency of the issue.

“We have to hold Sirone's funeral right now. I have to tell my parents too. If we don’t deal with it now, the school’s policy will be criticized later.”

“It is not an easy decision. If the news of a student's death spreads, the aftermath will be devastating. You could lose the reputation you've built so far in an instant.”

“Are you lying that the dead student was alive? Eventually it will be known! The position that schools should take now is to make a declaration of conscience. Reputation isn't the issue, the school might close.”

“Who doesn't know that? Wouldn’t you like to take a little more time to think about it?”

“Why don’t you know that the more time you take, the worse it gets? Currently, Arcane's disciples are also missing. Missing a criminal is also fatal. We must act now.”

Currently, the teachers who are delaying Sirone's funeral are divided into two groups. Those who made political calculations were on the side of trying to supply the students' anger while taking as much time as possible.

On the other hand, there were teachers who really couldn't accept Sirone's death. Representatively, Etella, Sade, and Shiina, who were directly involved in the scene at the time, were also in a position to doubt Sirone's death.

“Principal, tell me! I heard that the student council is being convened today. Teachers also need to take action.” 

The student council also had a big impact on the teachers' impatientness. This is because students with numerous families on their backs miss the right time to use their hands when they start accusing the school.

“I am in a position to watch.”

Most of the teachers rose up.

"principal!"

Alpheas understood their feelings. The more time passes, the worse the school becomes. But he had more important things than the school's existence. It was the exact state of Sirone.

Is Sirone dead?

It was an absurd agenda for a magic school, a symbol of intelligence, to propose.

So I was more careful. If the dead person hadn't been Sirone, would he have even suspected this?

'You have to think rationally. But I can't.'

Perhaps only Sirone is receiving special treatment. But even knowing that fact, Alfeas couldn't let go of the subtle feeling embedded in a corner of her head.

---------------------------------------