[27] What money can't buy (2)

Jake was conceited. See, this is the battle of adults. In this world, in the end, the poisonous, dirty and despicable guy is supposed to win.

'Quack. Goodbye, Amy. Even if I fall into hell, I will bring you down.'

"Don't be cocky, Jake."

Shiina opened her cold eyes and said.

“I heard from Seriel before coming. You won't be able to go to school anymore.”

“Don’t make assumptions. You are a student teacher, not an executive, right?”

"what?"

“You know how much the Ardius family is paying? It is more than the subsidy paid by 10 first-class nobles, so can I still expel them?”

Most aristocratic schools run a donation system. It was for maintenance of expensive equipment. If the equipment is outdated, the achievement of the students will decrease. If the grades drop, the prestigious title is taken away, and then the vicious cycle of talented students reluctant to enter the school repeats itself.

If it had history and tradition, it would have endured to some extent, but Alpheas Magic School was founded only 30 years ago and was in desperate need of support from nobles.

The one who knew this better than anyone else was Sade, a graduate of Alpheas Magic School. He said that if Jake's family money was gone, he would be hit hard financially.

“Shiina-sensei, I think it is premature to talk about expulsion already. Wouldn’t that be something to decide by opening a disciplinary committee?”

"no. Jake is expelled. If you can't expel them, you'll have no face looking at the students who dropped out. If Jake stays at school, I, the teacher, will take responsibility and take his clothes off.”

Saad imagined Shiina taking off her clothes, then hurriedly erased them. She was a woman who did not like her cold personality, but acknowledged that her magical qualities were great. Her dropping out of her school was a different matter than Jake's expulsion.

Jake shrugged and laughed.

"ha ha ha! Are you dropping out of school? Let's try it! Let’s see if the teacher goes out or I go out.”

Frost rose from Shiina's shoulders. Like a frozen wizard, her anger was as cold as ice.

“Where do you think the teacher’s salary comes from? How do I buy books from the library? Money to open a training ground? What about expensive magical devices? After all, the world is money! Money! There is nothing in the world that cannot be done with money!”

At that moment, Shiina raised her hand from the bottom up. Jake looked around at his feet in bewilderment. I wondered if I could feel the cold wind, and the cold air rushed across the ground in a circle.

“Kuk!”

Realizing that it was an ice tornado that cooled the wind in the air, Jake crouched down and covered his face.

So, so, so, so, so!

A whirlwind of cold air ascended to heaven and imprisoned Jake. Hundreds of long spines protruded as the air froze.

“Aww!”

Sharp icicles brushed Jake's face, shoulders, sides, and legs. Jake couldn't move one of his fingers, as if he was trapped in the mold.

'wow! amazing.'

Sirone was sincerely admired. Even if the magician was omnipotent, it was difficult to control even the freezing phenomenon at the molecular level. The rumor that he was a genius wizard coveted by the royal palace was not an exaggeration.

“Do you admonish the teacher for a student subject? There are many things in the world that money cannot buy.”

Jake wrinkled his nose like a wolf. There is nothing in the world that money cannot buy. He grew up watching countless times how, no matter how noble a person, he would turn into a beast if he shoved gold in front of his eyes.

“Is there anything money can't buy? What is that?”

"Talent."

Jake flinched. For him, Shiina stabbed the most painful part in the coldest way.

“Personality. personality. belief. Intelligence. friendship. effort. spirit. Can you tell me more?”

Jake wanted to scream. Why is this woman torturing herself? It seemed she wouldn't mind spending her money as long as it kept her mouth shut.

When Shiina snapped her fingers, the ice tornado exploded into pieces. Ice shards hit Jake's face.

“Ugh… … .”

Terrified, Jake couldn't even open his eyes. I had a delusion that his face might have been smashed.

“You understand now, Jake? Money can't buy anything So you have nothing.”

Shiina grabbed Jake by the collar and pulled him.

“Huh!”

“Don’t be mistaken. School is not a place to teach you in exchange for money. School is the only place that teaches you what money can't buy. You kicked such a precious space with your own foot. No one will teach you these things when you leave school.”

Jake's heart sank. He had never thought about it. He really has a situation where he will not be able to attend school.

Shiina will definitely expel herself. Then she won't be able to challenge anything. She becomes her loser like that, and eventually her own life is also over.

'finished. I am… … .'

The boy's figure gradually began to emerge from the contemplative face. Jake, frowning at her as if she was going to cry at any moment, knelt down at her feet at Shiina's feet and poured out tears sadly.

“I was wrong, sir. I was wrong. Please don't just expel me. Please give me one more chance. I won't do that again. I will study really hard from now on.”

Sirone and the others became solemn. It's because I know how terrifying it is to be kicked out of the world as a student.

Shiina bent her knees and stood Jake up.

“When the disciplinary committee opens, I sincerely wish you wrong. It takes a lot of determination to put everything back in place. The teacher will be on your side, so let’s do it one by one.”

"thank you! thank you!"

Sirone realized anew that there were so many things money couldn't buy. Numerous students here also have to run on their own in order to eventually achieve their goals. 

What if you are a commoner and what if you are an aristocrat?

The dream we are looking at is also something that can never be bought with money.

* * *

The members of the Black Magician were confined to the punishment room and received treatment.

The disciplinary committee was scheduled to be held tomorrow, and Sirone and the others set up a separate seat and had a meeting with the teachers.

While Sade was writing the statement, Sirone told in detail how to subdue the Black Magician. As expected, the teachers' eyes widened.

“What? You suppressed Anti-Magic with the Spirit Zone?”

"yes. I heard from Teacher Ethella. The magician's anti-magic is a battle of mental strength, so it's dangerous to cast it carelessly. So I guess I was trying to hold on in a defensive way without even realizing it.”

Everyone except Amy was speechless in shock.

Of course, anti-magic is difficult to achieve full efficiency unless you are a major. However, even considering it, it was a simultaneous attack by five people.

It was an impossible result if Sirone's Spirit Zone was not stronger than all of the Black Magicians put together.

Shiina pressed her face towards Sirone. She lifted her eyelids to examine her pupils, and when she found nothing abnormal, she let out a sigh of relief.

“In the future, never do that. Anti-magic is much more dangerous magic than you think. I got through safely this time, but if I'm not careful, I might not be able to use magic.”

Even the strong-hearted Shirone was heartbroken when she heard Shiina tell her about it. At the time, her only thought was to protect Amy.

Amy quietly averted her gaze. She was the one who put Sirone in her own danger, so it was natural for her to feel remorse.

Shiina rested her chin on her head and was lost in thought. Anyway, it was a great talent to subdue Anti-Magic. She knew from the beginning that she had great durability, but she never expected it to be this strong.

On the other hand, THAAD was dissatisfied. My stomach twisted when I heard that Sirone had succeeded in something that even Amy had not been able to do.

Sade said with such a heart.

“Sirone, why didn’t you tell me right away? If something like this happened, you should have reported it to the teacher. No matter how much I think about it, I can't understand that I went alone to find a senior with a much higher class than you.”

Sirone and Amy thought that what was to come had finally come.

Even Shiina did not stop THAAD this time. She was in a situation where a student dropped out due to Black Magician's misdeeds, so she had to resolve even the slightest suspicion and move on.

Sirone smiled and nodded at Amy, who looked at her inquiringly. Even if her secret was revealed, she did not resent it.

Amy sighed as if she couldn't do it.

"all right. I will tell you the truth.”

The person who was more curious about Sirone's secret was Seriel. How long have the two of you known each other? No, more than that, why is Amy covering Sirone?

“Actually, Sirone… … .”

While everyone in the audience was waiting for the next words, Amy suddenly scratched her head with a bright smile.

“He is my lover.”

“What?”

The unexpected answer shook the room as if leaving.

THAAD insisted as if he couldn't believe it.

“Since when? You weren't even interested in things like dating. Besides, Sirone is a freshman who just entered school?”

“I met you when I was young. Then, it was here that the relationship continued. haha! It's a common thing.”

Amy deliberately made a joke. That's it. She would be in her senior year anyway, and if her class times were different, she wouldn't have much to run into with Sirone.

For a while, the school would be noisy, but it wasn't a bad thing. Knowing that there is an owner will reduce the annoying male students chasing after you.

It was, in her opinion, excellent improvisation.

On the other hand, Sirone, who was accepting, had his heart pounding. Amy was a big senior and she was the envy of the students. She knew it was a lie to deal with the immediate situation, but it was a huge burden for her nonetheless.

“Right, Sirone?”

Amy looked back with a smile. A forced smile was evident. She seemed to hear her heart telling her that if she didn't answer quickly, she would kill her.

"ah! yes that's right."

“Kyaaaagh! How did this happen? I am completely shocked, no, I am moved!”

Seriel slapped herself on the cheek and spoke quickly.

“Hoho, I knew it was like that from before! Somehow, just looking at this sirone makes me shudder. Since when have you been dating? Who confessed first?”

When even Amy's friend Seriel trusted her, the teachers couldn't doubt it either. If she was a lover, she wouldn't be able to understand why she pursued the Black Magician with all her blood.

Saad scratched his head and wrote a statement.

“Sirone and Amy, the victims of this case, are in a healthy relationship… … .”

* * *

Rumors spread quickly.

At Alpheas Magic School, there was no student who didn't know that Sirone and Amy were lovers. It was partly because of Black Magician's misdeeds, but it was also the fact that the talkative stories from Seriel's mouth shook her woman's heart.

Sirone infiltrates the enemy camp alone to protect her lover. Black Magician responded with anti-magic, but she overcame it with the power of her love and rescued Amy.

Rumor has it that Jake, the boss of the villain, was overcome by Sirone's eyes and prayed for the wrongdoing while shedding tears. The gist of the story was that the two kissed deeply in the middle of a mountain bathed in moonlight.

“Seriel! wanna die? What kind of rumors did you spread!”

“Knock-knock! why? That's roughly correct!"

“That's not quite right! When did I kiss Sirone?”

“Oh, my dear. If we were dating, wouldn't we have kissed? Shouldn’t that much be included in order to adapt?”

“What kind of playwright are you? Why do you arbitrarily adapt other people's stories?"

“It’s fine, what. Because the boys who were so annoying don’t even come close.”

---------------------------------------