[627] Magic of Banya (4)

“Look!”

While everyone was wary of Sirone, only Pandora ran to Boyle.

Seeing him convulsing with her face slumped to the ground, she turned around and shouted.

“Medical staff! I think I am unconscious!”

After turning Boyle over, he tried to clear his airway, but a low cry leaked out.

“Black. Whoops.”

Boyle was in tears.

The appearance of not being able to lift a finger evoked even more miserable feelings in line with the eyes of numerous audiences.

“Why did I… … .”

When I competed for the lead with Pandora in the advanced class, I couldn't even imagine such a hopeless future.

“I did my best… … .”

The world doesn't want everyone to be happy.

“You’ve worked hard, Boyle.”

I wasn't just talking about a year in my senior year.

“Make sure you pass, Pandora.”

Sensing the sincerity of the sympathy at Boyle's last words as he was being carried away on a stretcher, Pandora glared at Sirone.

“Kuk!”

The moment his eyes met with Sirone, who was wary of his son-in-law without a hint of distraction, he had no choice but to step back without even realizing it.

'There is no chance of winning in a head-to-head match.'

In front of the harsh reality, my stomach was boiling, but the weak had their own way of fighting.

“I understand, that feeling.”

After receiving first aid treatment, Mark took his seat in the audience.

“Honestly, I didn’t know there would be such a difference.”

Even when he was told to leave by Sirone, resentment ran through his heart, but now that he saw the end of self-denial, only a miserable feeling remained.

“Don’t beat yourself up too much, Mark. Think of it as a good experience.”

As Mark, comforted by Maria, lowered his head while biting his molars, Sade approached.

“Maria is right.”

“Mr. Sade.”

I reflexively looked back, but Mark dropped his head weakly again because he couldn't bear to look at him.

“I have to admit it honestly. I did my best. But Sirone-senpai and I have different levels of talent.”

“It’s a talent.”

Many people spit out the word talent, but no one actually says that they have that talent.

“Maybe there could be something like that. But even if there were, humans aren't that great, Mark."

Sade turned his head to look at Sirone and continued.

“No human being can create something out of nothing. That's not a talent. It's just that Sirone's experience, the number of failures, and the number of problems she had to solve were overwhelmingly greater than yours.”

"experience… … What?”

"okay. And now you too have had a valuable experience that no one else can gain through today's test.”

Mark finally looked back at Sade.

“Only those who rise above failure become stronger. Skill and power aren’t everything.”

Then a familiar voice interrupted.

“A wizard who can respond to all variables?”

Sade looked back in surprise, and Mark and Maria exclaimed with delight.

“Senior Seriel!”

A senior who graduated from Alpheas Magic School a year ago, and Amy's best friend.

“Hello, Mr. Sade.”

"okay. It's only been one year. He heard the news that he passed the accreditation. How has he been?”

“I recently got a job as an intern at the World Health Organization.”

Mark's eyes widened.

'World Health Organization. You really did it.'

It was a dream job for a recovery wizard and a goal for Maria, whom he had a crush on.

“Oh, good! congratulations!"

“Hehe, I was lucky. There are a lot of issues you know about.”

No one is lucky enough to get a job at the World Health Organization, and that's why Seriel's composure made her feel like someone living in another world.

'Is that the professional aura?'

It wasn't because he put on make-up and wore a suit, but his confidence came out from his way of speaking and every single one of his actions.

“Come see me after exams. Everyone will be delighted.”

"yes. I'll see you later.”

When Sade left, Seriel leaned on the back of Mark's chair and looked down at the Colosseum.

'Amy. You're finally back.'

At the graduation exam a year ago, how much guilt did he feel while looking at Amy, who was eliminated early due to the collusion of gold rings?

“Senior, please sit here.”

When Mark stepped aside and gave up his seat, Seriel put her shoulder bag on her lap and sat down.

"thank you. Anyway, things got weird.”

"yes. It's amazing. Sirone-senpai turned the tide of battle in an instant. On the other hand, senior Amy... … I don’t think I can show my full potential yet.”

Seriel gave a bitter smile at Mark's honest evaluation.

“Your heart is too soft.”

"yes? Are you Amy senior?”

“I am still undecided.”

Amy had mixed feelings as she looked at Sirone, who spread the Force Dimension and kept an eye on the enemies in all directions.

'I wish I could have said something.'

I know that there is no room for personal feelings in the graduation exam, but now everyone is an enemy to Sirone.

'Even on the day you came to see me... … .'

Was Sirone thinking of the current situation?

“Even though she looks like fire on the outside, Amy is a child with a softer heart than me. She can't turn away when someone is having a hard time, and when she asks for forgiveness, she knows but cares for her.”

After listening to Seriel's words, it was definitely so.

“It must be more disturbing because it is Sirone-senpai.”

“But it’s okay.”

Seriel proudly watched her best friend compete fiercely in the Colosseum.

"Because Karmis won't tolerate a second mistake."

Amy's crimson eyes burned red.

'It's starting now!'

Unlike a year ago, when I was eliminated at the beginning, the current situation is equal, so there was no need to be nervous anymore.

'Because I just have to take my own graduation exam!'

With Amy moving as a signal flare, the other participants also cast teleportation simultaneously.

At the same time as Sirone rotated, Amy's fire strike hit Frings, who was aiming for Sirone's tail.

'Are you targeting me?'

Frings, who defended himself with the ice curtain, tilted his head, and Iruki, Dorothy, and Hercy attacked the other participants.

“The new system crowds out the old system.”

Baikal's analysis was correct.

If you can't defeat Sirone right away, there's no need to be stubborn at the cost.

Rather, it was judged that it would be more advantageous to pass by using Sirone's system to eliminate other participants.

There was no room for emotions to intervene in only selfish judgments, and the battle began to escalate into a mess.

"shit! What is it?”

Screamer, still undecided, glared at Sirone in the battlefield where battles were happening simultaneously.

'I think I'll collapse if I take one shot.'

Everyone knew that Sirone was exhausted, but it was also true that he could not find a way to destroy the Quantum Super Position.

'Should I? Do you just accept it?'

Even while the screamers were in conflict, the identification of friends and enemies was happening quickly in Sirone's head.

'Anyway, there are no allies. If you're going to use me, is it better for me to hit the back?'

It's not a bad choice, but so far the number of people who oppose his system is higher.

'Let's start with neutrality.'

When Sirone targeted the screamer and rushed, he, who had been in conflict just a moment ago, hurriedly distanced himself.

'damn! I can't be the scapegoat.'

Jumping into the Force Dimension, a space dominated by Sirone, without any countermeasures was tantamount to committing suicide.

'Whoops, a monster is a monster.'

Fermi, who still had some time to spare, was confined to circling the outskirts, avoiding Sirone's territory.

'It's a four-dimensional space... … .'

The Force Dimension that Sirone developed was a miniature version of the upper layer of Istas, where all events exist simultaneously.

The difference is that the force dimension created by Guffin uses the time period of the stop magic to have no overlapping limit.

'It'll be fun. Shall I try drilling it?'

Judging from the magic that Sirone had cast so far, it was clear that the mental strength gauge was below 10%.

'No, not yet.'

Even so, the ability of Quantum Superposition was so strong that the odds could not be guaranteed, and Fermi was not the type to throw himself into an uncertain battle.

“That’s Sirone.”

Iruki's father Albino said with a smile.

“The fact that 26 people respond with different methodologies to a system proposed by one person means that there is not much room for digging into it.”

Amy's father Shakora agreed.

“He’s a kid with a huge presence. It makes perfect sense to say you have control of the battlefield.”

Arganeth stabbed the albino in the side.

“Honey, don’t just talk about Sirone, analyze Iruki too. He's still my father."

“You think fast. But too many.”

The analysis of the son ended with that.

"by the way… … .”

Shakora looked at Sirone, the only one in the Colosseum who could roam freely.

“The ability you are showing now will be the reason you were able to do your best in the first evaluation. Is it an improvisation or a calculated strategy from the start?”

“Maybe both.”

The albino gaze followed Sirone.

“A calculating person would never choose that strategy. It's not like I pushed through without a countermeasure.”

"then… … ?”

“I just know.”

The albino could guess Sirone's thoughts.

“You must have experienced countless failures, and you must have had similar successes. If you repeat that process, you will know it automatically. Know that no matter what difficulties you face, you will eventually find a solution. You will believe that yourself.”

“… … Is it an insight into oneself?”

"yes. In Yong-roe, it is expressed that the cap of the head has been opened. In other words, it is an accident that flows freely like water.”

Shakora stared at Sirone as she commanded a reaction from her enemies, dominating the battlefield.

“Awesome. Certainly Amy... … .”

“Yes, Iruki… … .”

both said at the same time.

“It deserves to be admired.”

Shakora's head turned to the albino.

"yes?"

The albino smiled silently as he gazed at Iruki, who was fighting by Shirone's side.

'That's a good problem, kid. Try hard.'

The calculations came and went quickly in Iruki's thoughts.

'The number to use Sirone is seven. It's best to get rid of my nemesis here. The toughest opponent... … .'

Iruki's gaze was aimed at Dante.

'It's you.'

Dante is also the one who uses Sirone's system, but in this situation anyway, there was no meaning to have as an ally.

'Atomic Spring!'

As the flames exploded in succession, Dante got out of the way of the explosion with a neat reaction.

'Yeah, let's try it.'

Once at the Royal Magic School, I thought it was an opponent I had to compete with.

Central arithmetic magic circle - Pascal.

As 200 instant magic circles, each emitting a different color, floated around, the audience erupted in cheers.

“It’s a serious start.”

As all sorts of magic poured out due to the action of the automaton, Iruki started teleportation in a zigzag manner.

'Pascal is a good magic.'

Iruki's Spirit Zone was doomed to Pascal.

'But you can't beat me with logic.'

Overdrive!

As electricity rushed through the circuitry that made up the brain, both eyes flashed and Pascal's batteries were analyzed in an instant.

'Cancellation!'

I thought this was the end.

"what?"

However, Pascal was still intact and was aiming at Iruki with 200 pupils raised.

'Did you set a password?'

A security device using the knot theory was tripled in Pascal's circuit.

“Couldn’t you have prepared for it?”

After saying that, Dante spread his arms and flew over Pascal, and 200 amplification magic circles overlapped in the form of a tunnel.

Ultra-precise serial magic circle white sword.

“If you are the extreme of logic, I am the architect who handles it.”

Hey hey hey!

A fire strike that went through 200 magic circles in series was amplified and fired with 189 times the power.

---------------------------------------