twilight (3)

Arriving at the port, the domain of the Tamo organization, Miro hid behind a container.

“Arius, see how many there are.” month.

Originally clever, but lately Arius seemed to understand human speech.

Behind the box containing 30 bombs, Sirone sat with a nonchalant expression.

"Brother, if we rob the weapons warehouse with our abilities, the adults won't have to get hurt."

WO ” ......Huh.

The reason he was able to move a box weighing hundreds of kilograms was because he had supernatural powers.

Arius, who had returned from patrolling the surroundings, gave a small bark.

“Let’s go, brother.”

The two people who grabbed the bomb box again activated their psychic powers at the same time and moved.

Among the approximately 20 weapon warehouses, the least guarded location was their target.

'There it is.'

Two members of the Tamo organization armed with firearms were guarding the entrance, and a guard was seen on the spire.

'That's the problem.'

Miro said to Sirone.

“Brother, I'm going to go up and push him away, so you drop the bomb. can you?”

she doesn't waver

“… … Dangerous."

"are you okay. Dad would know by now. The merchant union has no choice but to move. Adults will pack their weapons while luring the enemies back to their stronghold. Of course, I will finish in it.”

Arius groaned and cried.

In the maze of reality, Geukseon was a person who would do anything to protect something precious.

'Because I'm the strongest, I have to do it. If adults act, there will be deaths.'

Of course, her life was in danger, but if the hypothesis was correct, it would be possible.

"I'll go. please."

As the maze moved, Sirone sluggishly checked the location of the weapon warehouse.

'Should I do it?'

I don't want to think about why.

I don't remember, but it seems that I decided to accept the world in the most passive way.

' why?'

The feeling that life is important enough to be everything, but I don't want to dig deeply.

Sirone silently sent 30 bombs towards the weapons depot designated by Miro.

"huh?"

The guard narrowed his eyes as he saw the shadow creeping toward the ceiling of the weapons warehouse.

"What is that?"

He watched with an incomprehensible expression, but suddenly opened his eyes wide and shouted.

“B……I”

The voice was trapped in the air curtain, and Miro, who climbed the spire, launched a physical attack.

'Now!'

an iron heart

Because there is no hesitation, conflict, or anguish, even a 12-year-old body can defeat an adult.

"Ahh!"

Shocked from behind, the guard fell down the railing without even trying to do anything.

It blocked out the voice, but it couldn't stop the muddy impact sound from hitting the ground.

“Who are you!”

The weapons storage guards turned in the direction of the sound and discovered the maze.

“Shoot!”

I couldn't confirm that it was a child, but even if I did, it would have been the same.

The moment bullets rained down from all sides, Maze's concentration soared to the highest level.

'I didn't tell my dad... …

Above her head, the incarnation of Guanyin with the face of a child rose.

' see.'

Let time split infinitely, and let the spirit of the labyrinth permeate all of that time span.

'It's all bounced off.'

Whenever Thousand Arms Guanshiyin's hand moved like an afterimage, sparks flew in its place.

Ting! Ting! Ting! Ting!

After deflecting the bullet, she put on a painful expression.

“Ugh!”

Hwashin received the shock, of course, but she also felt that her palms had been pierced.

Tamo and the others were in a daze.

"what? bullet... …

At that moment, Miro shouted at Sirone.

"brother! now!"

The clear sound of safety pins being pulled was heard over and over again, and Tamo Tissue looked up.

"uh?"

The moment I confirmed that it was a bomb, no one said anything first and kicked out of the seat.

“Aaaaaa! damage!"

A roar erupted with sparks, and the weapon warehouse they were guarding opened wide.

“Success!”

Miro, who came down from the steeple before he knew it, ran to Sirone and Arius and said,

“Quick, move! That hurts so much!”

Of course, in dreams, physical force is applied on a different principle, but the strong power is the same.

"what's the matter!"

As the Tamo organization rushed to the site of the explosion, the person who barely survived spoke.

“It's a bomb! And that kid... … They deflected bullets!”

“What nonsense! Hurry up!”

The members of the organization were very nervous in that they were not just intruders, but that they were using firearms.

"brother! hurry!"

month! month!

After discovering their true identity, Sirone and the others ran straight to the headquarters of the Tamo organization.

Although he pushed his body with his superpowers, the mobility of the members of the organization was also above average.

"at there!"

The moment dozens of people pointed their guns at the same time, Miro's heart sank.

' uh?'

Feeling like the bullet never arrived.

Looking back with a sense of incongruity, she saw Sirone, who suddenly stopped walking, and shouted.

"brother! Dangerous!"

The second shot started at the same time as the words were spoken, and countless sparks filled the maze's field of vision.

'you can do it.'

Sirone thought so.

Whether it's 30 or 300 bombs, physics 7} 。} In the world of the nin mind, mass doesn't matter.

The important thing is to be aware of it.

'The speed is the same.'

The human eye cannot see bullets properly, but the mind's eye can see them.

'Catch it.'

As she thought, hundreds of bullets stopped in front of Shirone's eyes.

“Shoot! Shoot!”

The gangsters fired bullets until the magazine was empty, then absentmindedly lowered their rifles.

"what?"

A black barrage spread in front of Sirone.

“Come quickly!”

Hearing Miro's words, Sirone turned and walked away, and the bullets fell to the ground.

In the midst of being stunned by an incomprehensible situation, a man shouted as if he was unfair.

"look! I'm right!” Gaold and Gangnan arrived at the port.

Half of the Tamo organization pursued Sirone and the others, but the other half stayed behind to guard the weapons warehouse.

"damn! What are they doing?”

“I know who you are. Myra is a bitch. She is the daughter of Sein. She's an unlucky girl.”

“Damn it. If you just get caught... … !”

Before he could finish his words, Gaold jumped out of the container and thrust his dagger into it.

"who is this!"

As the gang member turned around and fired wildly, the body of his comrade became a beehive in an instant.

Gaold had already left and cut the back of the enemy's neck with a knife.

“Ouch… …

Enemies heard gunshots and ran.

"It's an invasion!"

In a situation where his life was at stake, Do Gaold calmly entered the warehouse.

"receive."

Gangnan received the heavy rifle with both hands.

“Do you know how to write?”

Even in what is called the real world, I knew nothing about guns.

“I don’t know.”

Gauld, fully loaded, stepped out of the shed and pulled the trigger, causing a hail of bullets.

"shit! shoot! Shoot!”

The container was punctured by the enemy's counter fire, and several shots grazed the lobe of the ear.

Gangnan pulled Gaold away.

"it's crazy? If you get hit there, it's over!”

Autumn De, who had picked up a new rifle in the warehouse, said pulling the bolt.

"It's the same with those guys. They say that if you lose momentum, you will die without being able to shoot.”

Gaold knows how to fight.

When he stood in front of the door again and sharpened his gun, this time there was no response fire.

Kang Nan suddenly remembered.

'but… …

It's not that I'm not the type to do it because I can do it.

“Hey, is this good?”

Having learned how to use firearms in real combat, Old picked up whatever he could and hit him in front.

“That child… …

Someone from the Tamo gang stood up on top of the crate with a bazooka on their shoulder.

As a trail of flames continued, a grenade flew into the warehouse door.

"damn??????!"

With a bang, the warehouse exploded, and Tamo Joe's employees fired a ton of rounds.

"check it."

Two lower-ranking members made their way through the haze.

"what? isn't it?"

At that moment, two hands appeared like ghosts from behind the member and strangled him.

“Ouch!”

As Gaold knocked one of them to the floor, the colleague reflexively turned.

"hey! What happened… …

A blunt impact came to the pit of the stomach, and Kang Nan pulled his neck and hit him with his knee.

The man's body fell backwards with a crunch and the sound of his neck bones breaking.

“Where is the maze?”

Gaold put the knife to the eye of the downed gang member.

“Go, Mr. Gaold! It's me! Astor!” When I checked in the smoke, it was a young man who worked as a delivery man in the street.

“Where is the maze?”

The dagger that went into Astor's left cheek passed through his tongue and protruded out of his right cheek.

“Hey hey! Mole, I don't know! Do, the tongue ran away!”

did you leave already?

“Sal, save me! Mr Gaold! me… … save... …

“Asto, I mean. If you put up with it today and tomorrow doesn’t change, you have a personality that doesn’t fight.”

It's annoying because it's disgusting.

“Huh!”

Astor frantically pulled the handle of the handgun that had fallen to the floor with his fingers.

“But if you tackle my life… …

The moment Astor grabbed the pistol, he pulled the blade that had pierced Dega's cheek.

"I'm just killing it."

“Huh!”

The cheek was ripped apart, and the next moment the dagger pierced Asto's neck and severed his spine.

“Ouch… … Gagging!”

Astor's pupils went into convulsions all over his body, and he soon stopped breathing.

People、.

Gangnan patted Gaold's back.

“I was going to kill you.”

"know. doesn't care. I would have killed this guy anyway. What makes me feel bad is...

Gaold said as he brushed the blood off the blade.

“If you’re going to interfere with someone else’s life, you have to be prepared that you could end up killing yourself too.”

The smoke from the explosion completely dissipated as Kang Nan silently watched his back.

Dozens of gang members were pointing guns at them.

“… … damn it.”

It would take at least 20 more minutes for the Merchant Union that Sein had picked up to arrive.

“What are you guys? No, that doesn't matter. What remains is a harsh punishment.”

The organizer shook his head.

“Bring the woman out.”

As gang members armed with rifles approached Kang Nan, Gauld's expression crumpled.

“Run away. I will stop you.”

"What are you talking about? I will never be by your side... …

As if he had no intention of listening to Kang Nan's words, Gaold charged towards his enemies.

'This is why you guys can't do it.' don't know how to fight

When Gaold cut off the start, thousands of things that had bothered Nan Kang were sorted out in an instant.

“Keugh!”

Gangnan ran to the side, and all guns were focused on Gaold, who was charging towards him.

Awesome gunfire.

'Gaold!'

Feeling his heart stop, Kang Nan turned to where Gaold was.

"uh'?"

What Gangnan saw.

“Big

It was the figure of someone blocking bullets with his hair bleached white.

“Shoot! I mean shoot!”

The air curtain spread around Gauld deflected all the bullets.

Gangnan's Pass was erected vertically.

“That… … what?"

In the dark sky, countless pupils were looking down at the ground.

“Kuaaaaa!”

Gaold instinctively pointed his five fingers in great pain.

air gun.

As air bullets of tremendous power were fired continuously, the enemies in front exploded like watermelons.

“Sah, save people!”

Members of the organization turned and fled, but in the end were only torn apart by bullets.

“Big!”

As Gaold, who was in a state of shock, knelt down, the pupils of the night sky faded away.

Gangnan realized.

"Awakening."

The more the ability of reality is opened, the weaker the 1.5-layer defense wall is bound to become.

'And outside... …

Ymir was waiting to devour this world at any moment.