Satan's proposal (1)

The air press was far more powerful than the air guns Gaold had previously used.

“Turn it off!”

Terrible pain, a pain that even Gaold himself could not have expected came over him.

“Gaold! Wake!"

Unable to confirm any reaction, the trio looked at the sky with a tired expression.

There were Ultima's pupils.

'damn! Disappear quickly!'

As long as they define Gauld in their dreams, the memories of reality will be maintained.

Gangnan murmured.

“It got bigger.”

No, to be more precise, it went deeper.

Sein said.

“Gaold, calm down. I am slowly accepting this world. Come back to the 1.5th floor.”

“Huh”

It is unclear whether Sein's words had any effect, but Gauld's expression improved.

Accordingly, Ultima's eyes in the sky also withdrew outside the veil of the world.

Not being able to move for a while even after the pain was gone must have been a mental shock.

'I'm sure he didn't know.'

No, you know it in your head, but you realize it the moment the pain strikes you.

How helpless are humans.

The leader of the Merchant Union inquired while examining the scene of the shock where even the blood had evaporated.

"what's the matter? Could it be a bomb?” In a world without magic, what they could imagine was limited.

“Well, that’s how it is.”

While Sain was looking around, Gaold

He touched the ground and raised himself.

"let's go."

Her face, which had been fine just an hour ago, now seemed to have grown old.

Gangnan said.

“Gaold, not anymore.”

There was no answer.

“If we awaken our abilities, our world will collapse. No, you'll go crazy before then.”

Even Gaold himself wasn't sure if he would be able to step into the pain again.

“Can I forget this again?” Louver said.

“Humans make the same mistakes over and over again, but certain stimuli are etched into the unconscious. No matter how conscious you are, you will inevitably hesitate.”

Mona said.

“It’s called phobia.”

“A little while ago, Gaold's abortion was a situation where Ultima's eyes penetrated almost halfway. If the half is over, the initiative will pass to Mir.”

“Gaold's getting stronger is also a problem. Tamo is awakened too. If the compromise continues to break, the 1.5th floor will eventually collapse. All that remains is annihilation.”

“There is nothing we can do. If I break the rules first, Ymir's unconscious will infiltrate the 1.5th floor by any means.”

“I must believe in Oh Dae-sung.”

Louver was speechless.

It was clear that Cirone received a signal from the outside world when she activated 〈Firstborn's Butterfly〉.

'Oh Dae-sung in reality must have guessed about the outside world. Also about God's point of view.'

However, knowing something in my head and actually coming into contact with it were completely different concepts.

'It may not have been possible to analyze the signal, but the impact of breaking the closed world remains

Oh, there will be.'

Perhaps a huge futility.

'That feeling was reflected on the 1.5th floor and I lost my will. On the other hand, deep inside, there must be an ember to rise again.'

Shirone, floating in the vast open sea, is eagerly waiting.

'When a certain trigger is triggered, the fire revives terribly. The power to overcome the great emptiness... …

Armand might have it.

As for what was the better outcome, Louver couldn't decide from a manager's standpoint.

Kang Nan, who arrived at the headquarters of the Tamo organization, pointed to the inside of the iron gate and shouted.

“That way!”

Arius was lying on the floor, bleeding, and Sirone and Miro were in a hurry to escape.

“I-what is that?”

The Merchant Union felt an eerie chill when they saw Tamo's unimaginable ability.

"hey! Are you going to kill me with this?” Bullets fired continuously in all directions were flying, bending as if ignoring inertia.

Sein realized.

'You've awakened your abilities like a maze. Normal attacks won't work against a guy like that.'

However, he didn't want to awaken Gaold, so he rushed toward the iron gate.

"let's go! We can win if we fight together!”

As the brave man stood in the forefront, the Merchant Union also passed through the iron gate and poured out an onslaught.

"okay! There is only one person!”

The thought that he might be able to win turned into a delusion in just three seconds.

“Hahaha! What's going on?" Several bullets hit Tamo, but he didn't even react nervously.

When he openly fired a machine gun at the Merchant Union, four people fell in an instant.

“Aww! It is a monster!”

With their backs turned, they ran and hid behind the wall, not having the courage to show themselves any more.

Gangnan shouted.

“Fight back! The attack works!”

“No, never.”

As she turned, Tamo stood crookedly and whirled the machine gun.

“Even if you have good weapons, war is done by humans. A man who is terrified is as good as dead.”

While Gangnan bit his lip, Miro and Sirone ran towards Sein.

"dad!"

Sein, who hugged Miro, sighed in relief and looked ahead again.

“Stand back. we'll do it.”

"no! I mean that kid is very strong. I need help from Sirone and me.”

Miro was right, but the 1.5th floor would collapse if he continued to fight.
“ Listen to what 
Dad has to say.” Before Sain could explain, Tamo loaded the machine gun and kicked the ground.

“Let’s see the end soon!”

The party scattered in all directions built a siege, but Tamo was not afraid.

The skirmish continued for some time.

The bullet pierced Sain's knee, and Gangnan's right arm was also splattered with blood.

“Keugh!”

And by the time 30 minutes had passed, no one was in a state to stand properly.

"Hi-Hi! Hee hee hee!”

Tamo, possessing blood all over her body, raised her head, savoring the pleasure of victory.

"what? is this only Are you trying to get angry? I'm still having fun... … huh?"

The center of the moon opened and something that looked like a human eye was blinking.

“What is that… …

Tremendous pressure pressed down on his body.

“Kuaaa!”

There was no pain, but the fear that his body would be severely damaged struck his brain.

Miro raised his head with a dazed face at Tamo's scream for the first time.

"mister… …

Similarly, Gaold, who had been shot, staggered forward.

“Now it is. annoying.”

There was no change in the expression, but the nervousness of the face was similar to that of a demon.

“Dad, what happened to you?”

“Miro, Gaold… …

As Sein explained, Gaold struck Tamo in the face with his fist.

Tamo, whose jaw was turned, rolled on the floor, then came to his senses and jumped up.

There was fear in his eyes.

'What is it?'

Like the pressure from before, I felt the shock that hit my brain from the blow.

"pain."

Proof that you are alive.

“Hahaha! killing me! hey! you all... …

Before he could finish his words, a huge blast of air plunged his body into the ground.

Gaold screamed.

“Aaaaaaa!”

As the ground thumped as the air press exploded in succession, Maze stood up.

“Uncle… … Are you sick?”

Sein's explanation was short, but Gauld's transformation into a monster was a narrative.

“Kkoaaaa!”

His hair bleached from shock, the whites of his pupils went up, and blood spattered from his torn throat.

Tears flowed.

"stop."

She couldn't remember anything, but this question came to her young mind.

Why is that man doing that?

“Stop it now. Even if I do that, I won't change. honestly i... …

Although I don't hate you.

“Every time this happens, you are afraid of the uncle.”

Gaold, who cast an air press with all his might, was hit by a similar aftermath.

“Kkoaaaa!”

My limbs twisted spontaneously, and nothing came to my mind except the thought of pain.

Tamo, on the other hand, received the greatest stimulation of his life.

“Hahaha! more! more!"

Overcoming the strong air pressure, his body jumped up and convulsed.

Sein looked up at the sky.

"no."

Ultima's pupils were finally showing their true self beyond half.

“Big!”

As the compromise was broken, memories of reality began to flood everyone in Sirone and the others.

'This is annihilation.'

With the thought of dying or dying, Sein turned his Iron Wheel towards the front.

When Tamo's movements were slowed down by the power of the halo of the sun and moon, Gangnan flew away like a beast.

“Yaaaaa!”

The moment I hit Tamo's side with my knee, a tremendous rebound force pushed her away.

“Keugh! You got stronger!”

Haze shimmered in Tamo's body.

“Okay, let’s go to the end.”

The moment he hit the ground, his body disappeared and bullets rushed like a shower in the air.

While Gaold, Sain, and Gangnan were pincers attacking, Miro and Sirone couldn't move.

"what's this?"

The memories of reality rushed in, and the memories of dreams were mixed in a ratio of 5 to 5, creating confusion.

"mister."

Miro realized.

'I see. uncle is really me

cast......'

“Aaaaaaa!”

Gaold, almost unconscious, was feeding Tamo the air press.

“Weak! Weak!”

With the rules of the 1.5th floor completely broken, Tamo's skills overwhelmed everyone.

“Oooh!”

In the end, Gaold, who couldn't stand it, collapsed vomiting blood, and the maze blocked his way.

“Come on!”

I still don't know what is real.

However, one fact that remained the same in both paintings was that it had to be protected.

“Gaold.”

The moment he heard the voice that had been blurring in his memory, Gauld's head jumped up.

A barrage of bullets covered his eyes.

“Keugh!”

On the other hand, Sirone was confused as the memories of dreams and reality overlapped.

The ideal of protecting humanity and its meaning

It was a state mixed with futility that the car was meaningless.

'You have to fight. Until the end.'

The thought that nothing would change, pulled Sirone's will into the abyss.

'I can't fight.'

His mind was empty.

- A man... … .

At that time, someone's voice that did not belong to him began to ring in his mind.

- there was.

My body became hot like fire and my chest started to swell as if my lungs were filled with water.

- A story I don't want to tell anyone.

“Aaaaaaa!”

Sirone stopped the bullets fired at the maze with the skill of the mind.

- But in the end... … A story everyone will know.

The dream of someone who was so sad and so huge began to unfold in my head.

"ah??????

Sirone's eyes loosen and she falls forward.

"maze!"

Gaold, revealing the demon's face, blew the strongest air press on Tamo.

“Hahaha!”

Tamo's body caught fire.

' sick.'

The process of the body being broken was clear.

'live.'

He said, looking at Gaold, his bones compressed in half.

" I am… …

And again, half of the body fell to the floor and disappeared without even blood.

Woo woo woo woo!

The earth sank into a hollow, and from within it a tremendous pillar of fire shot up into the sky.

"damage!"

The moment Sein's halo of sun and moon blocked the heat and shock, Gaold embraced the maze and rolled.

Gangnan sang joy.

“You did it! We did it!”

“No, it's already too late.”

There were countless pupils in Sein's eyes looking at the sky with a grievous expression.

“The world is collapsing.”

If the 1.5th floor disappeared, everyone here would be swept away by Ymir's unconscious.

'It's over.'

When Sein closed his eyes, Miro went and looked down at Old's face and said.

"mister."

The girl's lips touched her forehead.

“You can stop fighting now. I know enough about how you feel.”

Gaold's expression was shocked, and Ultima's eyes began to withdraw.

“He lives with me here. When I grow up... … I will become your uncle's bride.”

It was a perfect compromise.