[366] Special training (1)

Sirone was registered as an official tour student and ended up living in the association. He was Gang-Nan's idea that it was safe to make public statements before strange rumors began to spread.

The first thing I did was write a letter to send home. Kang Nan inspected it, and permission was granted.

I went to the city to send a telegram, and when I returned, Fleur was waiting for me on the third floor.

“Did you send the letter?”

"yes. They said it would take about 5 days. But were you waiting for me?”

"huh. I was asked by the chief secretary.”

Sirone still had the shockwave from Gaold's interview. When Kang Nan asked for something, I couldn't help but panic.

“Starting today, I will help you with your training.”

While he was here, he thought that Gaold would be of some help, but he did not expect to be taught by a professional wizard himself.

Even so, the reason why I can't be happy is that I got caught by Flu, the nag, and not by anyone else.

"What's wrong with your expression? Are you sick?"

“Oh, no. It's just too sudden.”

“What is so sudden? Special training, or me?”

"that is… … Both.”

Flew giggled cheerfully.

“It went well. You don't have to be too nervous though. I am not teaching myself.”

“What do you mean?”

Flew rummaged through his inner pockets. Sticking out his tongue and rolling his eyes, it seemed that he had put it in a fairly deep place.

"Voila! I got it from the secretary. do you know what this is?”

Flew held a large golden key in his hand.

"well. It looks like a key with a high probability.”

“This is the key to the magic library, the symbol of the Magic Association! You are entering an area where no one can enter without the president’s approval!”

Sirone thought about how to react for a moment. Having said that, wouldn't it be better to know what the magic library is like, whether you're happy or angry?

"What are you doing? Let's go quickly.”

Although Gaold was considerate of Sirone, it was Fleur who jumped up and down with excitement.

The place she arrived with Sirone was on the 16th floor of the Association.

When the elevator door opened, a solid iron door blocked my nose.

Sirone, who stepped forward as usual, almost bumped her head.

Flew smiled knowingly and inserted the key.

The door opened automatically and a spectacle unfolded.

The entire 16th floor was a library, and the bookshelves stretched out in rows as if reflected between two mirrors.

"Come on. Are you that tour student?”

A graceful beauty in her mid-30s appeared across from the iron gate.

He was wearing a formal black suit and his black hair was neatly pulled up. Pink lipstick was applied to her light makeup, her eyebrows were trimmed thin, and her eyes with dark double eyelids were large and deep.

“Hello, Isabelle.”

Fleur lowered her head politely, turned to Sirone and gestured for her to come out.

“Greetings. This is Isabel, a certified third-class wizard who is in charge of the magic library.”

Sirone was startled and lowered his head. The rank and age of the face caused cognitive dissonance.

"hello. This is Ariane Sirone.”

"okay. I heard from the president of the association. Since you're a talent that the Magic Association is paying attention to, work hard from now on. come in once I will guide you to the library.”

Isabelle turned first, and Fleur and Sirone followed.

“This is the floor where the magic books are kept. There are about 28,000 magic books. It can be said that most of the prescribed magic registered in the kingdom is equipped.”

"yes? 28,000?”

Sirone couldn't hide her surprise and looked around.

It was said that all the books here were magic developed by someone. My body trembled with excitement.

said Flew, raising a finger as if he knew it.

“That's what I said. Coming here is a huge privilege.”

Sirone couldn't hear Fleur's words properly.

There were thin books of 10 pages in the library, and thick books of 1,000 pages. Depending on the attribute and category, the color and design of the cover were different, and the height was different.

It looked like a work of art embodying the numerous magics spread throughout the world.

'Ah, that's why the archmage has to manage it.'

The omnipotence and omnipotence for specific magic are recorded in the magic book.

If you can enter the Spirit Zone and have an extraordinary mind, it contains enough detailed information to teach you new magic on your own.

In the case of advanced magic books, it would be extremely expensive even if the price was set, and if it was a collection of 28,000 books, it was a value beyond imagination to the point where it would be troublesome to count the amount.

"sorry. I couldn't believe it at first. Isabelle-sama was too young to look like a great wizard.”

Isabelle covered her mouth with her fist and laughed. Most wizards have strong pride, but she seemed happy to hear that she looked younger.

“I know what you mean. But being an archmage doesn't necessarily mean being strong or destructive. I have an office job. The rank of the Red Line is determined by reputation and achievement points, but when I first came to the magic library, it was only an official 7th grade. Then, after 1,500 books of magic were sorted out for 10 years and the shooter retired, he became a 3rd class. Your achievement score has risen abnormally. Instead, your reputation is extremely low.”

Achievements and fame vary greatly depending on the occupational group. That's why, while there were wizards with high combat power even in the same class, there were many others who specialized in the other direction.

If she had worked in the Magic Association's library for 10 years, Isabelle would have had almost no practical experience.

However, Sirone was admiring it from a different side.

“1,500 books… … .”

The process of registering prescribed magic is done through interviews or correspondence with magic developers.

When omniscience and omnipotence were delivered in the form of a thesis, Isabelle reviewed it, summarized it, and bound it as a magic book.

In short, it was an impossible task without an excellent understanding of magic and vast knowledge.

'Well, if I sorted out 1,500 magic books in 10 years, anyone would become a wizard.'

Of course, I didn't know that it was extremely difficult to endure those 10 years.

In that sense, Isabelle was well qualified to become a certified third-class archmage.

“Anyway, I just think of her as a comfortable older sister. To be honest, I find the title of archmage too burdensome.”

It was an unfamiliar feeling to Sirone, who had only met people who were terrifying and out of common sense when talking about archmages.

But thanks to that, I was able to look around the magic library more comfortably.

Spellbooks were largely classified by system and further subdivided in chronological order.

Some were very old, and some were magic that led the latest trend.

When I saw the copy of the photonization magic, I was slightly thrilled.

After the introduction, Isabelle said to take a look around and went back to her desk.

The pen was moving by itself as she put her arms on the desk and looked at the papers.

Since Sirone had also worked at Ogent's Great Library, I could guess how much Isabel's work speed would accelerate after running for a full 10 years.

'With that kind of skill, 1,500 books in 10 years isn't impossible.'

Fleur hit Sirone on the back.

“Hey, what are you looking at? Isabelle said she was married. Are you, by any chance, your taste?”

Sirone waved his hand with a straight face.

“Absolutely not.”

Either way, Flew folded her arms and trembled with emotion.

“The chief secretary said it was okay to look into anything. First, let’s choose the magic you want to practice.”

Take anything and learn. Sirone guessed Gaold's intentions.

In addition to training, he meant to think of hints about magic that would destroy heaven by referring to various magic.

But no matter how much it was, they gave me the right to use the magic library.

It seemed that he was not lying when he said that he would spare no support.

Flew wasn't too smart either, so he should have known that Sirone's special training was related to Gaold's project. However, as he had promised before entering the president's office, he never showed it.

'No, maybe I'm really enjoying it... … .'

The two of them went to the place where there is a magic book of photon series, which is Sirone's specialty.

Flew looked through the books in the library and gave her advice.

“There is no need to learn magic that is too simple. because the efficiency is low. For example, what would you do if you learned something like 《Let's make a ping-pong ball with photons and have fun!》? A performance wizard might need it.”

Sirone was handed the three-page book Flew said. It is a game of bouncing flares using a mirror, and it was written that the whole family can enjoy it and that it is effective for dieting.

“It's the same with magic that was developed so long ago. As it is outdated, there must have been a lot of research on countermeasures. However, there is no time to learn high-difficulty magic. You have to invest at least half a year, but you have to go back to school.”

“Ah, I guess.”

When I pointed out a part I hadn't thought of before, my mind was alerted.

As well as the efficiency of magic, the time to learn it must be taken into account. While in the Magic Association, finding magic that could be mastered was the key.

“Of course, the choice is yours. Likes and dislikes are involved in omnipotence. But there must be guidelines. First, choose a magic that can make up for your weaknesses. Second, choose a magic that can create a synergistic effect with the magic you can currently use. Third, strike a balance between quality and quantity. That should be enough.”

So, Sirone visited the magic library every day and rummaged through the books.

The sooner you choose a magic book, the more time you have to practice, but since this isn't an opportunity that comes often, I wanted to choose carefully.

'It's a lot. It would take years to see just the photon series.'

There was magic that was trivial enough to make me laugh, there was magic that was unexpected and ingenious, and there was magic that boasted a level of extreme difficulty that made me wonder if this was possible.

It was a different world. She couldn't come to her senses like a child in a candy store.

'No, let's cool down. How resentful I would be if I didn't learn because I didn't have time.'

After adapting to the classification of magic books, Sirone intensively searched for magic that met the guidelines.

Then, 10 years ago, I found a catchy title in the Magic Corner.

Teleportation Advanced Technology: Scatter Movement

“Hmm, teleportation.”

I was interested in magic because I thought it was a long term in its own way. The fact that the book is not very thick also played a role in my choice.

The neat white cover indicated that it was a photon-type magic book, and the name of the magic developer named Kindra Buki was written under the title of "Santan Movement."

“Kindra Buki. It's the first name I've heard.”

Even though he didn't even know his face, Sirone respected him.

Registering independently developed magic as kingdom rule magic is left to the wizard's own discretion until his death.

That's why there must be countless unregistered magic in the world, but I couldn't help but be more sympathetic to the wizard who was willing to reveal the gist of magic for his juniors.

Without them, there would be nothing to learn at the magic school.

“Then I will read it.”

Sirone reverently opened the book and read it for about 10 minutes.

“Hoo… … I see."

It was quite an ingenious magic.

'No, this definitely works. It will also work in practice.'

The shotgun movement is a magic that spreads photon output in all directions immediately after casting teleportation.

The victim feels an optical illusion as if the wizard is spreading in all directions.

'Hmm, that means I'm going to use passive magic and move on to active magic. Passive magic lasts, so it can produce the same effect as active magic.'

From the middle of the book, omnipotence and omnipotent techniques were written about him.

While reading with her chin resting on her chin, Sirone suddenly had a wonderful idea in her head.

'What if I combine this with God Particles?'

In other words, instead of photon output, it teleports while shooting a photon cannon in all directions.

If Buki put the meaning of disruptive tactics into the shotgun movement, Sirone could evolve it into a movement skill with attack power.

---------------------------------------