[312] Causal Wheel (4)

Crouch listened intently.

“By the way, what should I say… … Yes, if you live endlessly, you will be able to look into the inside of the box a little bit. To go back to the human point of view and explain, who will be unhappy and who will be lucky?”

"okay."

Theraze has encountered numerous incidents since the origin of mankind.

It wasn't superpowers or magic that I felt an excessive gift coming before I even ran the roulette wheel. It was an understanding of the chaotic patterns I had acquired after running the bead machine so many times.

“I just thought of it.”

Perhaps thinking it was bragging, Uorin cutely stuck out her tongue and ended it simply.

Crouch loved her like that. She was an absolute love dedicated to a being that could not be surpassed.

“I am always in awe of the empress's foresight. If so, what are you going to do from now on?”

“Hmm, even though someone as talented as Arius went in, they couldn’t extract Ataraxia. there must be something i don't know I plan to listen to Zion. It's not that I don't have any guesses.”

“Then what should Sirone do?”

It's certain that Uorin called Fengzhang, but I haven't heard anything about Sirone's treatment yet. If he had taken on a recruit by any other means, he had to make the move himself.

“In my opinion, sirone is in the form of alternating red and blue marbles. I'm not sure yet. I'd like to watch a little more for a while. Let them live their own lives. But block outside intervention. Regardless of faction, organisation, institution or country.”

"All right."

Uorin gave an order worthy of the Three Emperors.

It was possible to maintain Sirone's life as if nothing happened today because Theaze's world was vastly larger than Sirone's.

“And Theraje's castle will be inherited by me. Tell the sisters in each country to disappear within two years.”

“I will follow your orders.”

There was no need to ask for permission from Kashan's ruler. This is because Uorin's judgment is the same as Thera's judgment.

I heard that in the early days of the system, there were disputes over who succeeded the ancestor. However, as the long years passed, Theraje evolved himself to a stage where his death was understandable.

The sisters will understand, see the opportunity and end their lives.

However, the target could have been Uorin. But why did Uorin decide that she should take on Theraze's name?

There was only one difference between her and her sisters: meeting Sirone.

“Sirone is… … Can we stop the final war?”

Uorin looked out the window, satisfied with his subordinate's insight. It was morning, and the bright sunlight was shining on the world.

“Whoops, stop the last war? It's not just for that reason that Theraze's name continues.”

“If you come… … ?”

“Heaven is also a conquerable territory. It wouldn't matter if it wasn't now. I am a being endowed with eternal time. One day I will go beyond heaven and conquer the end of the universe.”

Crouch opened his mouth blankly.

conquer the universe It soon brought out Ankera, the incarnation of the Akashic Records, and she aspired to become a god herself.

“Ataraxia will be a shortcut to that future. It is said that if Arius fails, he cannot steal anyone. But wouldn’t it be different if it were me?”

“If you do… … .”

"okay."

Uorin turned to Crouch and placed her hands on her chest. Her figure, smiling in the sunlight, shimmered with golden light.

“I will be Sirone's daughter.”

* * *

The next morning, medical staff from the Kashan Empire transported Sirone to her lodgings.

I did everything I could, but I still haven't regained consciousness. Even if consciousness returns, the probability of full recovery is 50%.

Vincent showed tears when he said that he might not be able to become a wizard. Amy and Raina comforted her sobbing Olina.

"Do not worry. I was just talking in general. Sirone's mental strength is different from other people's. I'm sure you'll recover completely and open your eyes.”

Olina, her neck locked, only nodded in succession.

As if feeling something, Vincent wiped his face with his sleeve and comforted his wife.

“Okay, let’s wait. Even the medical staff doesn't say it's half and half. It's not a hopeless situation yet. The more this happens, the more we should become Sirone's strength.”

Upon hearing this, Olina jumped up. Being her mom, she couldn't just be moaning.

Placing a wet towel on Sirone's feverish forehead, she joined her hands and prayed.

As a magician, Amy knew better than anyone how much the impact would be on Sirone. That's why she knows that temporary remedies like that don't work, but she knows how she thinks about her child, so she just keeps her mouth shut.

Leaving Sirone with Olina, the three quietly left the room.

Anyway, once I saved my life, I had to think about practical issues from now on. I wanted to pack up and go back right away, but the administrative authority of Kazura had been transferred to Kashan.

Interference in internal affairs is a national disgrace. As such, the opposition from the aristocrats was not easy, but even if it was only a cosmetic relationship, Theraze was Orkamp's wife, so it was ambiguous to openly oppose it. In the end, I had no choice but to wait until tomorrow when the paternity test was over.

It was only a day difference, but spending a night in an enemy country really felt like walking on thin ice.

Kashan's medics informed him that the nobles of Khazra would no longer be able to act, but he was not relieved. More than anything else, Eliza's greatest concern was whether she would endure it.

Olina slapped the Queen on the cheek. Violence by a commoner against royalty was a felony punishable by death. She said Olina would have done the same if she had turned her time back, but getting her out unharmed was a whole different matter.

After a night that was longer than usual, the morning was bright.

All of the attendants of the Ogent family who guarded Sirone all night had sunken eyes. Contrary to fear, nothing happened. It seems that Kashan's medical team didn't just say it.

Since it was the day Sirone's paternity test came out, the attention of Kazura's nobles turned to the court.

A safe displayed in the inner garden has been recovered. Due to the public surveillance system, no one had access to the safe during the war.

The alchemists opened the neatly interlocking caspa. If anyone wants to play a prank, now is their only chance, but no one thought to approach it since Kashan was in control.

After confirming the results, the alchemists wrote a report after entrusting the examination to the minister of Kashan. And prior to the announcement, a letter was sent to the king's apartment.

Eliza had been sick in bed for two days.

Sirone's attempt to kill her was a shock. Besides, the cheek from Olina's blow was still painful. Last night she had a fever up to 40 degrees and she hadn't slept a wink.

The spirit of Orkamp taking care of his wife was also not normal.

Sirone, who was burned black by the interference in internal affairs and was the only hope, is under Theraze's protection. All I could trust now was the test results. As long as it is confirmed that Sirone is his biological child, he will be able to gain his own right to speak.

'I need Sirone. I need Sirone.'

Just in time, the Minister of Home Affairs came with the approval documents from the alchemy department.

“Your Highness, the results are out.”

Eliza ran ahead of Orkamp and grabbed the papers. Her nervous hands trembled at her.

Sat down on the bed, she opened the folder. It contained a piece of official letter with the seal of the alchemy department.

The paper in Eliza's hand made a trembling sound.

She read the sentences in the official letter without missing a single letter. When the results were finally in sight, she saw thick tears running down her cheeks.

She hugged the official document until it was crumpled and looked up at the ceiling.

“Ah, my son… … .”

* * *

Olina stayed up all night nursing Sirone. She seems to have worked hard. The fever that had been boiling all night came in the morning and she was a little caught. Amy looked at Sirone sadly.

Kashan's medical team said there was a good chance he would wake up within 24 hours. However, as the day passed, he said that he could not guess when he would be conscious from then on.

You may have to wait a day or two. However, in the worst case scenario, you may end up living in a vegetative state for a year or more.

'Well, since I cast absurd magic.'

The monster at the depth level 1 scratched, tore, and ripped out Sirone's mind.

It was like tearing a child's blanket and covering an adult's body. Even considering Sirone's fast growth rate, it was a stage that could only be reached after at least five years of training.

I couldn't even imagine how much of an impact it must have had on my mind.

can i recover?

If the durability of the mind lost the elasticity to return, there was no choice but to live forever as a disabled person.

'Haha, what are you thinking about? Sirone can't do that. Sirone... … .'

A knock was heard. As Reina opened the door, Eliza's maid bowed her head.

Amy thought that what was to come was finally here.

“The Queen is looking for Ms. Olina.”

Olina nodded calmly.

After changing the wet towel on Sirone's forehead, she kissed her son's cheek before getting ready to leave.

“Let’s go. Guide me.”

Vincent followed with a worried face.

“Honey, come with me.”

"no. I am the one the Queen has called. Do not worry. I'll be back soon.”

Olina also had a reason to be alone with Eliza.

If the crime of assaulting the royal family was established, she would not be the only one to be sentenced to death. She had to build a fence to protect her family.

Traces of the death struggle still remained in the Grand Hall. The building waste was removed, but the collapsed floor was temporarily repaired with planks, and the broken pillars were left as they were, as if they couldn't even find a way to fix them.

The clothes of the king and queen were more splendid than ever. Olina could feel that it was a desperate struggle to hide the humiliation of losing the sovereignty to Kashan.

Eliza, who had been arrogantly looking down at Olina, was taken aback when she did not avert her gaze.

When I first met her, she was so terrified that I couldn't even make eye contact with her. But why is she now glaring at the country's queen? Because it's her mother? she may be

But it was not accepted in my heart.

'If the position has changed... … Can I do like her?'

It seemed like a job that all mothers in the world could do, but I had a contradictory thought that not everyone could do it.

“I remember clearly what you did to me.”

Olina snorted very lightly.

Orkamp thought there was dust in her nose, but Eliza, the woman, knew for sure that it was a snort.

Her eyes seemed to be saying this. If there's one thing I regret the most in my life, it's not being able to slap you just once.

“Do you think I am a pathetic mother?”

“I am not a person who dares to judge others. I just couldn't allow my son to be wrong.”

Olina politely bowed her head and replied.

Orkamp couldn't detect the high-density warfare between the women. So he kept his mouth shut.

Eliza recalled the situation in which Sirone ran out of control.

"is it so. It is also true that she was scared. But Sirone attacked me. He might have died if he got close. You act as if you've done more than I did. How would you feel if you were in my situation?”

“I would have gone to Sirone anyway.”

"why? Because you are the mother?”

“Because my child was stabbed.”

---------------------------------------