Face to Face(2)

'see.'

The world, filled with signals of agape, began to regain its color in the landscape.

Miro, who came down to the ground, looked around.

Basuka downtown, which was teeming with demons, was desolate and empty as if it had never been.

“Aww. cadet."

Even those with a high concentration of demons and strong demons were crawling on the ground in a half-melted state.

'Half of it is gone.'

Judging by the population density, there must have been at least 60 million extinct demons.

Of course, downtown Baska was almost completely wiped out.

The only surviving army was the demons outside the range of Agape, beyond the walls of Basuka.

'But the point is... …

Excluding the demons, the people in the city did not suffer even a single word of damage.

“I lived.”

Citizens who came to their senses jumped up.

“I live! We live!”

It was only when their shouts reached the sky that the party felt the reality.

'Sirone is... …

It's always a familiar face, but now my heart raced as if a dead person had returned.

“Whoa.”

Sirone, who came down to the ground last, exhaled a long breath and looked around at everyone and smiled.

"hi?"

As always, even the simple greeting brought tears to my eyes.

"city… …

That's when Amy opens her mouth and tries to approach.

“Sirone!”

Nade, who cast spark magic, quickly closed the distance and hugged Sirone.

“You bastard! What the hell happened? You don't even have to talk to us!”

"sorry. There was a situation.”

They knew each other so well that even Nade didn't want to hear an explanation.

“Ha, really… …

I had no doubt that it would come.

Iruki thinks, Nade prepares, and Sirone always solves problems.

“I thought I was really going to die.”

My heart skipped a beat when the elemental bomb timer dropped below 10 seconds.

Nade suddenly remembered.

“I have to tell Iruki. That guy, every minute and every second is a dangerous situation. Just in case... …

"are you okay. Because even Iruki knows."

" huh?"

Even knowing about the existence of the elemental bomb, there was no way that Sirone had been to the temple first.

'I don't have that kind of personality.'

How to incline the mind to the urgent side.

But even that was just human common sense, unable to solve two cases at the same time.

“Sirone.”

Sirone turned to Lian's voice.

“Rian.”

I didn't make a fuss.

He must have been the only one who could forget Sirone for a moment and fight in this terrible battlefield.

Perhaps out of pride, Lian smiled and pushed Amy on the back.

" ah."

Nade lost the player, but rather fortunately, his heart pounded.

'Am I ready to meet Sirone?'

Because he did everything he could, the warm hope disappears and only the cold reality remains.

At the point where you have to face everything like that.

'Sirone... …

It seemed non-human.

"You're getting stronger, Amy."

As if comforting, the first emotion Amy felt was anxiety.

“You worked hard. Enter Valkyrie, receive special training from Mr. Garcia, and... …

I'll try to list as many things as possible.

“I risked my life to fight alongside you, wandering around the battlefield. And then the fire... …

I didn't feel like I was approaching Sirone.

“I almost died, but I did… …

Looking at Amy, who was desperately holding back her sorrow, Sirone opened her mouth.

"Sorry."

It was sincere.

“I hurt you. I shouldn't have said that. I am the worst boyfriend ever.”

"what."

Amy tightened her trembling lips.

“What is the worst? you did your best Because I'm weak, I can't fight with you... …

"no."

Sirone shook her head.

“It was me who was weak.” The people around them waited for the first sincerity of Sirone, who had reached a new level.

“I was weak, so I said such mean things. You must have suffered as much as I did, but you made me take responsibility for my pain.” The reason why the Ultima system is possible is because everyone has a heart.

"therefore… …

Syrone said, guessing the wounds Amy had to endure.

“Let's fight together. Whatever the outcome, I will never leave your side.”

Amy's shoulders trembled with emotion, and her friends smiled.

uo ≫

......Huh

Amy clenched her fists and nodded.

'I don't cry.'

Until we end this war with everyone, not a single tear will be shed.

On the other hand, the army of Heaven, who was watching from outside the walls of Baska, was also stunned for a moment.

In particular, Satiel felt an emotion close to fear after the light of agape burst out.

'What is this?'

It was certain that it was a type of Hexa, but it was a feeling I had never experienced before.

'Is it included in the Guffin erasure?'

The reason I think it's a little different from that is because there's no peculiar discomfort.

'After all, you're saying that I don't know. But also... … It's something I know.'

Because she has tried countless times to recover her memories, there is only one case that can be deduced.

'If it's the Guffin itself.'

Agape is not experienced, but the contradiction is resolved if it is associated with the guffin.

'After all, if the feeling of that light is a guffin... …

Satiel's eyes turned to Ikael, but her expression was still cold.

'why?'

If Ikael had regained his memory, he would have to react shockingly to the light from a moment ago.

'Couldn't he have regained his memory?' Satiel, who had been contemplating Ichael's gaze, shook his head ferociously.

'No, it's rather abnormal. Even I, whose memory has not been recovered, had a ripple in my mind.'

The lack of shaking in the Astral Body meant that he was intentionally controlling his mind.

'I'm alive.'

Ikael looked down at the scene where the demons disappeared and millions of humans saved their lives.

“Are you relieved?”

At Nane's question, Ikael turned his head.

“I have special feelings for humans...”

“Someone said this. A voice without heart is just a shell.” When Ikael was silent, Shura stepped out.

“How is the Buddha feeling?

Many demons died and humans lived.”

I am.......

“I opened the psychic realm.”

I looked down at the joy of the citizens who had regained their chance of life.

“I called the devil, and in return, countless humans are suffering. Do you think it is cruel?” “Are they happy to be alive? Of course I'm happy. However, demons are the spirit of that era. It’s not fruit and water from outer space.”

Nane wrinkled her nose with a sad expression.

“Since when are humans… … Didn't you just feel fear after suffering from demons?”

Shura couldn't answer this time either.

“Did I open hell? No, I opened the era. The terrible pain that someone had to endure even before the psychic realm opened became a reality and hit everyone. Of those who rejoice here and now, how many are not responsible for the hell of this age?”

“But human beings are by nature… …

“There was once.”

Nane, who swallowed Ankera's dream, knew about humanity that existed a long time ago.

“A truly strong human being who has nothing to fear from the spirit of the times.”

The archangels nodded.

'It did.' In fact, there has never been a time in the history of Heaven that demons have had such great power.

'The Gaians are a race that fought against the gods. The demon had no place to set foot in front of their beliefs.'

He was not afraid of what was inside of him.

“So, as of yet, I cannot decide on the necessity of my existence.”

you said

“I will go and listen.”

After crossing the walls of Baska, the army of Heaven landed on the street where Sirone was.

The Yahweh of the age and the Buddha of the age faced each other with a block in between.

The sounds disappeared one by one, and finally silence came without even the sound of breathing.

Nade swallowed dryly.

'My heart feels like it's going to burst.'

Just looking at the people lined up right behind Nane, the energy was enough to overwhelm the world.

'That's an archangel. Is it the Ikael Sirone spoke of? that guy is probably already

“There is nothing to be nervous about.”

Miro put his hand on Nade's shoulder.

“I don’t know until I try. Because we're not too hard. Including you, of course.”

My heart was calmed down by the smile of the polar line.

"ah??????

Then, for the first time, the faces of those who guarded Sirone came into view, and a shudder arose.

'and me.'

The strongest (self-proclaimed) electric wizard Nade.

'I will finish this fight.'

As she looked back with her eyes shining like that, Sirone took a step alone.

"Hey you??????!"

Sirone turned around and smiled.

"I will be back."

Nade then saw Nane approaching alone from the army of Heaven.

Each step Yahweh and Buddha took to meet each other was as long as an eternity.

Dante, who was watching seriously, smiled.

'It brings back memories.'

Back in magic school, during the 2,000 man-to-person battle, Sirone and Dante walked like that.

'Neither of us had any failures.'

Two people who had only experienced winning streaks in their short lives faced off, and the result was Dante's defeat.

'That defeat... …

The reason why I feel fortunate is that I am freed from the compulsion to win and am able to savor life.

'But you are still carrying it.'

As the afterimages of the sword stood up around Nane, Sirone also floated a hexagonal hexa.

' good.'

Dante pushes Sirone's back with his gaze.

gave it

'That is the end of the world.'

Sirone, who shattered Hexa into golden smoke, collided with Nane, who created a sword fire.

As the two stared at each other in that state, the observers thought the same thing.

' Resembles.'

The pure impression of Sirone and the tattoo-filled Nane were never the same... … .

'Why are you doing this? Are my eyes strange?' It was as if one person was standing in front of a mirror, the same person with the left and right reversed.

“The other side of the mirror.”

Miro said.

“Then really… … Who could it be?”

Nane's sword rose like a thorn, and at the same time, the Miracle Stream split and struck.

Cuckoo Cuckoo Cuckoo!

Every time the sword, which had thousands of visible afterimages, was entangled in the smoke of light, it made my eyes dizzy.

“The fight started the moment you took the first step.”

They just blocked each other's way, and no one had ever stopped walking.

'It breaks through.'

When Sirone gritted his teeth and frowned, Nane made the same expression.

'What is necessary?'

The concept of a billion units to ask for it, all those harmony attacked Sirone in the form of a sword.

'Absolutely not.'

When the Miracle Stream wrapped around Nane's sword, all those concepts scattered like a delusion.

'It's not that cold. That's the heart.'

While Hexa and Geomhwa collided with a roar, no one on either side dared to step out.

'The same thing is colliding.'

It felt like the law of the world was bursting just by looking at each other.

“The world is one anyway.”

Miro said.

“The only thing left for the two people who perfectly defined that world is a difference in point of view. It's like a mirror. But the problem is, you don't know who's in the mirror. Also, since both are perfect, they will never break.”

Sein asked.

"then?"

“Thus, what breaks is perspective. The moment the mirror breaks, they will know for themselves.”

Who is it that is pouring in fragments?