[420] In Heaven (2)

When I entered the command center building and the iron door closed, the cheers outside were blocked as if I had woken up from a dream.

The lights on the hallway ceiling were kept to a minimum brightness, and soldiers stood guard at precise intervals along the way.

Armed with the 1st level of the Mecha combat system, they never looked back at Sirone's party. However, the intensity of his gaze was terrifying enough to pierce through a wall.

'They are all elite soldiers.'

The Mechas do not have superhuman bodies or magical abilities, but they have technical skills to compensate for both.

Since war is all about winning anyway, it was better not to think that their own power would be weak just because they were weak.

The colonel guided Sirone and the others to the underground bunker.

The bunker's security system was by no means inferior to the association's technology, and when the iron door was opened, numerous mechanical devices were operating.

While the technicians were busy moving their hands while watching the monitors, a man in a commander's cape watched their work with his hands behind his back.

“Commander, Sirone has been brought to you.”

At the colonel's words, the commander turned around.

It was a man in his late 20s with a long scar running down the side of his ear from his temple.

Her thin lips were stubbornly closed, and the eyes behind her glasses showed coolness and passion.

Crude, the first commander of the rebels.

As Kanya had told me, he was a young man.

Age doesn't matter much in a war, especially if it's a battle with a lot of defeat.

What the soldiers wanted was a commander who had the courage to rush towards death first and the tactical skills to save as many people as possible.

Crude was a man who met exactly that condition.

He is a genius pilot who knows everything about maintenance, driving, and operation of the Titan belonging to the 3rd level mecha combat system, and a war hero of the Mecha family who has a history of defeating Mara.

“Are you Sirone?”

Crud held out his hand to Sirone.

"nice to meet. This is Krude, the first commander of the rebels.”

“This is Sirone.”

Crude looked carefully at Sirone and the others.

Having numerous battle experiences, he recognized the strength of the party at a glance, but his dignified eyes did not waver.

But when I saw Fleur, I went back to being a twenty-eight-year-old engineer who had struggled with machines all his life, and my eyes lingered for a moment.

A slim, straight-style woman with blue hair braided down to her waist.

What I particularly liked was her eyes. Among her group, she was the only one with full strength.

Like a heroine entering the battlefield for the first time.

But that was it.

Crude also knew the anecdote of Sirone, the light of District 73, but the war he actually experienced was too realistic to rely on myths.

“Go to a quiet place.”

Crude guided everyone to the strategy meeting room deep inside the bunker.

Of course, tea was not served, and as soon as we sat down, we got down to business.

“I heard you wanted to meet me?”

Sein sat at the negotiating table as the representative.

“We will attack Heaven. We ask for the cooperation of the rebel command.”

"refuse."

Crude's answer was immediate.

“I heard that there was a conflict with the battalion commander. Of course, a broken-hearted soldier is useless on our side, but if you think about it coolly, there is no chance of going to war right away. It is nothing more than a delusion that you can attack heaven for subduing a giant who has lost his identity.”

Sein meekly nodded.

I was worried when I saw the battalion commander soaked in defeat, but the commander was different.

“That means we haven’t given up on the war.”

“There is always room for compromise, whether it be a truce or not. Because I can't kill those who believe in me and follow me. But I don't think Heaven will see us as an object of compromise. If you have to fight anyway, you have to win to survive.”

“What if we had a strategy to win?”

“Heh, bullshit.”

Hundreds of thousands of rebels, including the existing cults and subjects from Heaven, fought against Heaven, but only a handful of cases were recorded with remarkable achievements.

It is the union of Nor and Mecca that has not even caught the triangular mara, let alone a normal angel. What could be done with just 10 humans added?

“I will paralyze the Aegis system with the Targis. Then you can infiltrate heaven and wage guerrilla warfare.”

Aegis, the core air defense system of Heaven, is an impregnable shield capable of attacking 7,000 targets simultaneously by setting the order of interception through two hundred search methods.

If they could break through and enter without blood, the rebels would have a glimmer of hope.

“Hehehehe.”

Crude covered her face and let out her lungs.

“I don’t know where you heard the word tagis, but it is one of the technologies that have already been lost in Mecca.”

Crude lowered his hand and was no longer smiling.

“Think common sense. The angels can't just leave the technology that paralyzes Heaven's interception system. We need access to the Akashic Records to bring the technology back to life. But in order to do that, we have to break through the Aegis system first. Do you understand now? The order has been changed, you idiot.”

Sain leaned back on the chair back and crossed his legs.

"if… … What if I said I had that skill?”

"what?"

Crude's face went blank.

“What nonsense is that?”

“There is no law that technology that is lost in heaven is not the same in the land kingdom. For 20 years, I wandered the world researching everything about ancient weapons. And now, I have blueprints for the perfectly restored Targis in my head. How is it, is your head spinning now?”

Crude's eyes started to get confused.

"If it's false... … .”

“We can restore it right now. There is no oblivion in my head. You're also an engineer anyway, so you'll be able to understand it enough by looking at the blueprints.”

'I see. So on the black line... … .'

Sirone looked at Sein differently.

Ancient weapons are top secret regardless of the kingdom.

The act of accessing information alone was a dangerous thing that would be punished by death, only to save the labyrinth.

“Hmm… … .”

Crud was also confused now.

who the heck are these? Why do you want to do something that even hundreds of thousands of rebels couldn't do?

'No, what's important is whether or not it's successful.'

Even if you paralyze Aegis and enter heaven, angels and maras, giants and fairies are waiting for you.

Defeating them and infiltrating Arabot, where Ankera is located, was the equivalent of carrying gunpowder and jumping into the fire.

'You can jump in though. There's even a 1 percent chance.'

is this a miracle? Or is it the last struggle of the brightest burning candle right before it goes out?

“Three… … There are conditions.”

There were more conditions than expected, but Sein rather felt trust. This is because it is proof that Crude is dealing with the current plan realistically.

“Listen first.”

Crud said while pointing his finger.

“First, use the light of Area 73, Sirone, to appease the 2nd HQ. Even if you infiltrate Heaven, if Mecca and Norr don't unite, you'll hit a rock with an egg anyway.”

“I guess so. next?"

“Second, even if there are blueprints, large Targis that affect the whole of Heaven cannot be built here. We need to rent a factory on the mainland, so get their permission and come.”

Sein recalled the memory of the first time he met the rebels.

“Is it a military community?”

"okay. To be precise, it is a defense industry called 'Night Maeng'. It is a newly emerging force that has grown rapidly by taking advantage of the civil war in Heaven, and is monopolizing the production of weapons by taking over all the military complexes. They are detestable to the rebels. However, if we do not borrow their strength, an all-out war with Heaven is impossible.”

"good. What is the final condition?”

Crud was initially hesitant to make the offer.

I don't know how great Sirone and the others were, but it wasn't something a single team could do.

"You'll probably need a black elixir to make the tagis."

“Black Elixir?”

“Most lifeforms in Heaven receive the life stream flowing on the planet into their bodies and create elixirs. There are five types. Red, green, yellow, white, and finally black.”

“Does it have to be black? As far as I know, Elixir has a technique to circumvent depending on the mixing and ratio of ingredients, right?”

“Elixirs have unique effects for each type. Red is heat, green is a biochemical element, yellow is an energy property change, and white is involved in an atmospheric element. The rocks of heaven are so durable that they do not weather even after tens of thousands of years. That's why you need an elixir that contains the power of the planet.”

Crud pointed towards the warehouse.

“For example, it takes 8,000 red elixirs to cast the metal that goes into one Guroi, but mixing white elixirs makes the heat reaction much more efficient. Mixing white and yellow can also generate electricity. Like this, the elixir is the means to achieve everything in this world.”

Fleur asked.

“Then what does the black elixir do?”

Crud looked at Fleur's face for a moment, then turned his gaze to Sein and replied.

“Black Elixir, simply put, governs time.”

"hour? Is it some kind of magic?”

"no. To be precise, it reverses or accelerates an irreversible phenomenon. If you use the black elixir on a mixture of ink and water, the ink and water will not separate again. In case of burns, black and green elixirs can also be used to repair cellular damage.”

"I can't... … .”

Sirone couldn't believe it.

It was a phenomenon of ignoring the chemistry laws he had learned in school so far.

Zulu asked.

“What about palpation?”

“It shortens the reaction rate. Green Elixir is the basic element that makes up living things, and it can be mixed with Black Elixir to cause mutations. I heard that in some cases, evolutionary products come out thousands of years later.”

Gaold said.

"It's a philosopher's stone."

I've heard of sirone too.

It's not a word commonly used in magic, but it's a substance called dream material by alchemists.

There is a fantasy product in heaven that can turn mere iron into gold or cure an incurable disease.

'no way… … then?'

There was one incident that came to Sirone's mind.

The other day, when Kanya's mother became the subject of an anecdote, the large glass ball was filled with black liquid.

A cruel technique that melts a human into a statue of a giant and casts the giant out of it like a mould.

The reason why it felt more cruel was because it was a strange phenomenon that his head could not understand at all.

A black liquid that dissolves and reconstitutes living things.

If that was possible in this world, a black elixir that ignores chemical reactions would surely be involved.

Sain grasped Crud's intentions.

“Using the Philosopher’s Stone to shorten the production process of Tagis, are you talking about that?”

“That's it. Targis can be crafted with existing elixirs. But just melting rocks to extract and melt metals will eat up all your time. equipment is provided. Whatever it is, melt it down with black elixir and process the metal needed for Targis. These are my three conditions.”

Armin asked.

“What is the probability if you collect it by hunting?”

Crud shook his head.

“It is 0 percent. Black Elixir is not created in the body of a living being. It is an element that can only be obtained from beings who have transcended the flow of time, that is, from the dead.”

If collecting planetary energy is different depending on the propensity of the creature, it was quite understandable given the non-ideality of the Philosopher's Stone.

“Undead creatures live in the erosion valley northwest of the mainland. But even if I catch a thousand, I'm afraid there will be one. In other words, it's not even a 0.1 percent chance.”

said Gaold indifferently.

“Then what are you telling us to do?”

“There is one. A place where you can get the Black Elixir with a 30%, no, 50% chance.”

Sein asked.

“Where is it?”

Crude hesitated here again.

However, realizing that he couldn't stop talking, he widened his eyes and opened his mouth.

“The world of the dead, Niflheim.”

---------------------------------------