accelerate (4)

Valkyrie Site-73.

In the bunker prepared in the mountains of the Southern Continent, the Valkyrie leaders with the VIP level were gathered.

In wars fought all over the world, mankind's win rate was less than 7 percent.

But if it wasn't for them, I wouldn't have been able to guarantee even that 7 percent.

“Urgent! Destroy the 7th Brigade in Bornai!

Four million demons are riding over the Max Mountains.”

The flag of the 7th Brigade disappeared from the 3D map on the military table.

Subsequently, four red horses representing one million units moved to the Max Mountains.

“Sir General, a response strategy.”

The strategic officers who reorganized the words of the military leadership through intelligence all turned to one person.

Valkyrie General Commander, Mercodyne Iruki.

It was he who passed through the rain fearing death because he forced an overdrive in the Ex-Machina.

He was thinner than before and his hair was gray, but his eyes were steady as he glared at the military map.

'It's really tricky.'

It is not a war that can be won in the first place.

The only thing the general military can do is buy time by minimizing damage.

There was also a reason why he was able to defeat so many powerful people and take over the general military.

'A counterattack is impossible. I have to step back a little bit.'

But Iruki won.

The 7% win rate includes the performance of the ivory tower Oh Dae-seong, but it was a miraculous feat that resulted in a victory against Havitz's army.

Electricity flew in Iruki's eyes.

'Overdrive.'

The inhabitants of the Ivory Tower, 'people who play card games', watched in wonder at Iruki.

'It's a miracle to be alive.'

Although Iruki opened his brain, strictly speaking, he was eaten by the Ex-Machina.

'Synchronization of that moment.'

Iruki thinks like an Ex-Machina.

'The world of quantum probability.'

In fact, humans don't need to know that far to win the war.

'It's enough to be cut if you cut, and to be pushed out if you push. After all, war is just an interaction between particles.'

This is called the law.

'But Satan is outside the law.'

Iruki defines it this way:

The state that exists as a probability before the result is observed is the essence of Havitz.

'I can't predict chaos.'

However, if it is Iruki, a new strategy can be established at that unpredictable point.

'You don't lose just because you deserve to lose. It doesn't necessarily mean losing. The moment we respond to Havitz, the outcome is fixed as a defeat event.'

Only Iruki understood Havitsu.

'Then I just don't have to observe it.' If you can proceed the case outside the maximum radius so that no specific outcome can be produced for Harvitz.

'I can't win, but I can't lose either.' 7% win rate.

'If not directly touched, the chaos of Havitz is rather poisonous to the military might of the Balkans.'

Hundreds of millions of people have already died, but what they gained from their sacrifice was clear.

'The opportunity will surely come.'

Iruki had been waiting for the day when Havitz's choice would become a handshake that would change the war situation.

? ? ?

“Should I say strange… …

Vulcan continued.

“I might lose. Winning or losing a war is not a big issue. Strange is the cause of defeat. What should I do? like… …

Vulcan looked back at Havitz.

“It sounds like you’re thinking like Harvits.”

“Hmm.”

Sumodo stroked his chin.

“We fight with the same strategy, right? But it's possible because it's Havitz. If anyone is like that, it's a hundred battles.”

“But I won.”

Silence has arrived.

“If it’s too much to be considered a fluke, it’s too hard. First of all, the division of forces ahead of Kashan. It's a fight we wouldn't have lost if we had just invaded the Central Continent.”

Vulcan pointed out the key.

“Were they expecting in advance to divide their forces? That doesn't even make sense. If the troops had been lined up as expected, Harvitz would not have divided the troops.”

Jetaro nodded.

“Because you always choose to win. Nevertheless, Havits divided his forces and was consequently defeated.”

"okay."

Vulcan was almost certain.

“Among them, there is one who can circumvent the Harvitz case.”

It wasn't just because of the distance.

“I don’t know how. Map how that is possible. But there is no other way to explain it.”

Natasha asked.

“I don’t know what you mean, but how dangerous is that to us anyway?”

"In my opinion… …

When the Vulcan is about to speak.

“Should I quit?”

Habitz, who was squatting, raised his head to the sky and spoke quietly.

"what? Harvits?”

Vulcan questioned, doubting his ears.

“Shall we stop here? I suddenly have that thought.”

It was a complete denial of what he had done so far, but that's why it was rather Harvey Tsu.

Vulcan asked.

“Why?”

“God, more fun than this

where will you be But a little Havitz yawned.

“It sounds boring.” Zetaro said with an apologetic face.

“The way I kill more fun

I will try to develop it.”

“Come to think of it… … Humans too

pair.”

Colleagues' eyes widened.

'Havitz sympathize?'

It was impossible.

“Life is everything to humans. As long as I can live, fun is a good thing.”

Sumodo realized.

“Are you Uorin?” “Wu Orin said, she loves Sirone. What part of you did that change?”

“Nothing??????

It was fun and thrilling, so I have no regrets about sacrificing my wife Abella.

“It’s just boring.”

It's no exaggeration to say that he had the whole world, but he couldn't help being lonely.

'I want to play.'

only… … I just remembered Abella.

'I want to play.'

Havitz pursed his lips toward the sky.

“Muuuuuuu”

When he made a sound like a cow crying, the Gustav 4th class turned to each other.

“Muuuuuu.”

Dry crying without even a drop of tear.

It was a terrible sadness.

'Time of day.'

Sirone pondered over the words of the voice.

Currently, wars are in full swing around the world, and many people are still dying.

However, Jincheon was the same, so Seong-eum's proposal must have a reason.

"why?"

Sirone asked.

“It's enough even after the war is over. No, why is the day you spend with me important in the first place?”

The voice kept her mouth shut.

'I'm sorry, Sirone.'

The reason that cannot be revealed is that it is closely related to the security of the Jincheon Empire.

“I already know how important the war in the Central Continent is to you.”

Amy.

“Dear lady, and your homeland, the Kingdom of Tormia, is also close to the front line. I know it's an unreasonable request. But you said you would give me ten days.”

Seongeum looked directly at Sirone.

“It is because my ability has earned you 10 days. trust me Give me a day, and I will buy you more time by all means.”

Knowing Seongeum's upright character, there was no need to doubt his words.

It was just that I couldn't hear the reason, but even now, time was passing.

"good."

Seongeum’s face suddenly brightened.

“Thank you. Thank you very much.”

“But what are you going to do during the day? Do you have anything in mind?”

“As you know, etheric waves are the ability to shake the force field in space and time. So you can go wherever you want, but... …

Seongeum raised her head with a vague expression.

"Looking back, I realize I've never been anywhere."

Sirone stared at her.

“There are no grandiose plans. just one day... … Help me see the world.”

'I'm thinking of dying.'

If not, there was no reason for her voice to suddenly become a candidate for the ivory tower.

"okay."

Knowing how high her Kar was, Sirone decided to obey her wishes for now.

“Go where you want to go. I will follow you wherever you go.”

"then?… ”

Seongeum noticed Ri An standing behind Sirone.

“Go and come. I will be waiting for you here.”

Rian got up from the table and sat down on the bed, as if she had made up her mind.

The vocal voice expressed gratitude with a small nod and cast an etheric wave.

The bodies of the two were sucked into the space, revealing a completely different landscape.

“Here?”

It was a valley with a small waterfall.

Seongeum, perched on a rock, took a deep breath and smiled with satisfaction.

“I have never been to a place like this with anyone in my life.”

It's because they didn't allow the yeongbo.

“If you think about it… … What did you live with such a distance for?”

Sirone sat next to Seongeum.

“You can change from now on. When the war is over, the day will come when we can all be happy together.”

“I guess… …

Again, persuasion was impossible.

"tell me. What are you thinking... … town."

Before Sirone could finish her words, Seong-eum leaned her upper body closer and kissed her softly.

In an unexpected situation, Sirone's eyes widened, and after a while, Seongeum's lips fell.

Only the sound of the waterfall could be heard.

"sorry." Seongeum said with her head bowed.

"are you okay. I was just a little surprised.”

“… … I heard you have someone you love. I have hurt you Forget it.”

It may be so, but there was no feeling that the vocal sound was too complicated.

It must be because it is pure.

“Why is that?”

“I used to think all the time. If I had someone I could walk alongside, in a quiet place like this... …

Voice changed the topic.

“We competed together. Leaving the stars of the ivory tower. You, me and me.” It was an unforgettable memory for Sirone as well.

"huh. I never thought that the world would change like this.”

“You with philanthropy, and I with publicity. Everyone carried on their convictions to the end. It sounds funny when I say this, but sometimes I'm proud of you guys.”

“You are strong enough. And I am still fighting for the world.”

“… … Is that so?”

Sirone's praise made me feel better.

“Time and space are actually one chapter. If you fight for the world, that's enough for me.”

Not afraid.

“Seongeum, if you’re thinking bad thoughts… …

“The day has only just begun.” Seongeum robbed the seat and got up.

“I don’t want to think about it right now. It's okay to enjoy this moment a little more. Let's go somewhere else.”

"uh? already?"

“Because I have to fulfill my lifelong wish. I don't want to miss a single spot.”

“I don’t mind if it takes more time.”

I didn't want to pressure her.

"no. One day is enough. Instead, I have a request.”

Seongeum held out his hand to Sirone. “Can you catch me?”

Sirone, who had been looking at the slender outstretched fingers, slowly took her hand.

'Whatever you think... … There will be no letting go of this hand in the end.