[351] Prosecutor's Faith (3)

“Do you think it’s already possible to wear a badge of rank? No matter what the grades were, I wasn't just playing around. I am confident that I will not lose to anyone with a sword.”

“Don’t you think divine transcendence can be a big deal?”

Raina looked at Rai unexpectedly.

I once talked about Rian's divine transcendence. But that he remembered it was bizarre, considering his ignorant personality.

“Transcending the body? What a wonderful thing. Would you give me a round of applause?”

Sparks flew in Ryan's eyes.

"what? you now... … !”

“If you depend on that, your body will break first.”

Ryan's mouth was closed.

“Yes, divine transcendence is a difficult stage to achieve. But that doesn't mean it's great. There are many difficult and useless things in the world. It would probably be more difficult to move the mountain with a shovel. But nobody does that. What are you going to do by transcending your body? You are a human made of flesh and blood. divine transcendence? You can be a little stronger than others, but that's it in the end.”

It was a cruel statement, but it was also true.

Even Sirone, who had reached the same level as Lian, couldn't refute this time. mental transcendence. Transcend the limits of magical power through the power of incarnation. But when you transcend feedback, the mind eventually collapses.

Ryan gritted his teeth and managed to spit out the words.

"shut up. what do you know You've never experienced it anyway, have you?"

“Yeah, I can’t. That's great. Do not cheer.”

Rai turned around again. And he said before he left the room.

"Congratulations. For the first time, I can do something I couldn't do.”

Lian heard the sound of the string of reason breaking. He couldn't control his rapidly beating heart, and his body shuddered against his will.

It was unclear how effective the divine transcendence would be in practice. However, it was also the only hope that came miraculously after ten years of practice.

“… … wait."

Rai moved as if ignoring Lian's words.

"busy. It’s your business, so you take care of it.”

“I told you to wait!”

The room reverberated at the sound of Ryan's shout. The reason no one was surprised was because everyone was expecting it to explode by now.

When Lai turned around with a hint of annoyance, Lian strode forward and faced Lai.

“Ozent Lai, I challenge you to a duel. Let’s fight with the real sword.”

Reina rubbed her forehead as if she knew that.

“Lian, you keep… … .”

“No, I'm serious. If I lose to Rai, I'll go back to school. How about this, is this enough to win?”

Rai laughed and said.

“I don’t care if you go to school or not. If you want to quit, do it yourself. Don't bother.”

"haha! okay? Aren’t you running away because you’re scared?”

Rai's face twisted subtly.

“Are you afraid of me? It's really absurd.”

“Aha, are you busy then? You pretended to be so proud, but the excuses are hard. Didn't I always brag that something like me could be done with a sword? Or what? By the swordsman you are talking about, do you mean a man with a mouth full of ranks?”

"ha."

Rai wiped his face tiredly and nodded sympathetically.

“Yes, I will duel you. I'll wait for you at the training ground. Get ready and come out.”

Turning coldly to the door, he turned to Lian as if he remembered something.

“And you, don’t provoke me in the future. That's because I'm not good at it at all."

"That's really... … !”

When Lian tried to run away immediately, Sirone grabbed his arm and stopped him.

“Calm down, Ryan. Rather, you were provoked.”

"ah."

Lian realized it belatedly and calmed down.

However, the anger did not disappear. I made fun of the tongue that didn't work like that, but I hated Lai, who reversed it with a single word, to the point of death. Of course, Sirone only thought that Lian was too naive.

Tess, who had been listening to the story outside the door, came in with a look.

“Lian, are you really doing it? If I lose, I have to go back to swordsmanship school.”

“Hey, did you see me talking twice with one bite?”

"It's not like that... … .”

Tess gently turned her gaze to look at Quan. Since he has already stated that he will not accept the resignation letter, even if Lian changes his mind, additional problems arise.

But Ryan didn't care.

If I lose to Rai, I will definitely go back to school even if I have to kneel down and pray. If not accepted, she was determined to stand in front of the school gate.

“I will. because it's a promise but i'm not going back He asked for a match with the determination to win.”

Ryan turned to Klumph.

“Grandpa, do you agree?”

Klump crossed his arms and was seriously pensive. And at last his eyes were opened.

“Let’s go to the training ground.”

* * *

The training ground was prepared behind Reina's mansion. In addition to Rayna, Clump and Lai live there, but Lai is busy with dispatch life every day, and most of Clump stays in the general's barracks, so management is not good.

In the center of a small empty lot with only assorted colors, Lai, who had come out dressed as a woman, was waiting for everyone with a sword on her waist. While Rian was getting ready, Rayna approached Rai with her worried look on her face.

“Hey, are you really going to do it? i hate this Brothers do not have to fight each other with real swords.”

“Let them do whatever they want. Or will that fool agree?”

“And what if there is an accident?”

“That’s when you go and think about it. Isn't it a good thing for your sister anyway? Because that fool will go back to school.”

If the confrontation ended safely and Rian quietly surrendered, it would be a relief for Reina as well. However, because it was a confrontation between the two, which cannot be mixed like water and oil, the old woman's heart did not disappear.

“Yeah, anyway. Be gentle in moderation and finish quickly.”

“I am busy too. It will happen even if you don’t say anything.”

Reina shrugged. Although she has a self-centered personality, Rai, who is clearly discerning, has been a younger brother who does not need nagging since childhood, unlike Lian.

'Well, there's no one else to really worry about.'

Lian was staring at Rai from the corner of the training ground and taking a deep breath.

Tess came over and squeezed Lian's shoulders and arms vigorously. It seemed that the muscle mass was a meaningful confrontation even for the bold Rian.

"now! Go for it! Relax!”

Tess did her best to cheer up Lian. Of course, he didn't want Lian to drop out of school, but he hated seeing someone humiliate him even more.

Lian remained silent and focused on clearing his mind. It was a confrontation that he could never lose because his family, as well as Instructor Quan and Shirone were watching.

Reina came over and put her hand on Lian's shoulder.

“For today's match, I'm neutral. So do it in moderation. Don't be tempted to come.”

“Hey, you better worry about Rina. I am no longer the me I used to be.”

Rayna didn't say anything.

Rai wasn't thinking about losing, and neither was Reina. She knew better than anyone the gap in her skills, for she had once wielded her sword.

'I guess there's no chance that Ryan will win. I'm not the kind of kid who would take care of Rai if he was a younger brother.'

When Clump and Kuan entered the training ground, Lian listened to the great sword he had received from his grandfather.

Sirone spoke behind Lian as he walked towards the battlefield.

“Rian, you must win.”

Ryan turned his head and smiled. There was no sign of nervousness to be found.

"No problem. Leave it to me.”

When Lian arrived at the center of the training ground, Rai took out the black sword from his waist. It was longer and thinner than a regular longsword, but it was a straight sword tailored to Ogent's swordsmanship, and it was made of black iron, so its hardness was considerable.

Lightly swinging the black sword with an X, Rai raised the blade to the sky and examined it.

“Let’s start quickly. Because I want to rest.”

"I'm not going to rest, I'm going to lie down. I don't know if it's a dispatch or what, but it's better to cancel it.”

“Whatever it is, just do it quickly.”

Rai didn't even want to respond to Lian's words.

Ryan didn't like that. He mastered any skill in an instant, and there was no way that Lian, who was not born with any talent, would look like his family.

Lian's ridicule from the confrontation he had seen when he was young suddenly flashed through his mind.

“Anyway, I should say thank you for accepting the match. My bad relationship with you ends today.”

Lian raised the greatsword with one hand and aimed it. He felt a sense of intimidation just by looking at the precarious center of gravity that was beyond human limits.

Lai lowered the black sword diagonally. Even so, it was a pole-like sword that reached the floor.

The gap between the greatsword and the black sword is very close. However, the speed should be as fast as the dark sword is lighter.

'Anyway, I'm pushed behind in technology.'

Ryan designed the battle. It was a strategy as simple as his personality.

'I press it with force!'

The moment I bit my molars, both eyes lit up. Powerful kicks kicked the ground and pushed his body away.

"Goes!"

Lian raised his greatsword and charged. I could imagine the power of the heavy sword falling from a whopping 3 meters high without being hit.

At the same time, flashes of black light extended from Rai's body and penetrated every corner of Lian's gap. Lian could not even swing half of his sword and switched to defense.

Rai's fast and sharp attack struck the surface of the greatsword like a blacksmith's hammer.

“Keugh!”

Lian's body was startled by the unexpectedly heavy shock.

It felt different from Tess' sword. It was a swordsmanship that was swift and accurate, but still had the unique power of the Ogent family.

Once he gave up the initiative, Lian was pushed back endlessly. The process of being pushed back was so one-sided that it seemed impossible to regain his initiative again.

Lai ran wild as if he were dancing a sword dance alone in an empty lot.

As Lian reached the end of the arena, exclamations leaked out from the mouths of those watching. It was a swordsmanship that made even Tess, who was cheering for Lian, stunned.

“Yaaaaa!”

Lian's sword drew horizontally. The air roared with fire and wept.

Lian, who managed to make space, took a step forward. However, he couldn't do anything against Lai's lightning-like attack and he retreated again.

Rai didn't stop attacking. It was like he was locked up and beaten.

The number of counterattacks by Lian decreased, and finally, even blocking them seemed daunting.

'Tsk, there is no development, there is progress.'

Lai didn't want to waste any more time on a bland game.

After hitting Lian's sword intensively to get him out of his mind, he turned the black sword in reverse and drove it into the ground. Suddenly, as soon as the blade was stabbed, a vibration was transmitted through the soles of Lian's feet.

"what… … !”

When Lian looked down with startled eyes, the ground swelled as if wind was rising in the ground, and exploded with a bang.

“Keugh!”

A shock wave that made the ground explode hit the soles of both feet, causing the calf muscles to convulse.

The name of the technology is Jipok.

The blade that Rai succeeded when he was only 12 years old was driven into the ground.

Ryan's knees were shaking and he couldn't keep his balance. He rather sat down and raised the greatsword with only the strength of his upper body.

As Rai's black sword pierced with a bang, vibrations rushed through the greatsword.

Lian gritted her teeth and suppressed a scream.

It felt like my arm muscles were splitting into chunks. The shockwave that had flowed through her body radiated outward, causing her top to bounce with a popping sound. Her clothes were tattered as if she had been stabbed by dozens of knives.

Lian frowned heavily and glared at Rai. Rai's expression, still holding the black sword, was indifferent.

Those who watched intuition that the confrontation was over. Since the shock wave had torn through his body, even if he looked fine on the outside, he probably wouldn't have enough muscles to move properly.

The second son of the Ogent family, Ogent Rye.

His skill was real.

---------------------------------------