[741] Great Purifier (1)

Star Conferment Ceremony.

Unlike the residents who stay in the ivory tower for the rest of their lives, those who directly go out to the world and spread the teachings are called stars.

Their authority was not received from someone, but was carried out by themselves, so no grandiose procedures are needed.

However, being recognized for the value of intellect by an incarnation of a star must have been an unfamiliar feeling for anyone born on this land.

“Sirone, I award you the highest five stars. Please become Five Stars and protect this land.”

Taeseong's voice was heard softly, and the castle and pavilion appeared in front of him.

"this… … .”

This planet's high pass that can only be possessed by those who have received the title of Star.

“Take it. As the owner of this land, it is a heavy burden that I entrust to you.”

'Lord of this land... … .'

There are many kings and nobles with territories in the world, but they were not the true masters either.

“This tile represents me. All who dwell on this land are my children, and I will gladly help you.”

What those in power fear is the power of the ivory tower, but at least I liked the meaning.

"yes. thank you."

The castle plate with the five stars engraved on it was made of a mixture of iron and wood, and it was a touch that Sirone had never touched before.

“It was made of star fragments. You should be able to see significant effects just by carrying it on your body.”

“It’s a fragment of a star… … .”

If you knew the principle, you should be able to summon it with material.

“What effect does it have?”

“I heard that it promotes blood circulation and is good for stamina.”

Sirone hung the holy orb around her neck.

“Are you done now?”

“Usually it is. However, Sirone-kun is the Five Stars that lead the stars, so there are things you need to know. Of course, there are also perks.”

'It's a privilege.'

The king of a country wondered what else he could give besides power.

“First of all, most stars have moons nearby. I can help you if you want. How about Sirone-kun?”

“Um, a satellite… … .”

The first thing I thought of was Lian, and then several people passed through my mind.

"I don't think it's really necessary."

Taeseong nodded as if he knew that.

"okay. In fact, no one has a satellite in Odaeseong. It's unusual to see it as a coincidence.”

The satellite must have the direction of orbiting the star as well as the complementarity of assisting and orbiting around the star.

“Each star has a firm philosophy. That's why I don't pick satellites only with my skills. Especially if it's Ohdaesung... … .”

"yes. What I am trying to do is not something that can be achieved by compromising with someone.”

It is a task that must be carried through to the end despite numerous opposition from the top of the intellect.

The star of the ivory tower was such a world.

“That's why stars who haven't pulled out satellites sometimes ask for things like weapons or means of transportation. In some cases, they ask us to find a satellite even if we search the outer world.”

“It’s an alien… … .”

Arte's satellite Tokay came to mind.

“So why don’t you ask Sirone-kun something from me? We can tailor anything you want.”

Even the spiritual world, the source of the object, is under the control of the 4-star resident Louver, so it wasn't an exaggeration.

"I do not know. It is necessary... … .”

Now that I can use materials, there was no way I could have something I absolutely wanted.

“There is not enough explanation. The type doesn't matter. Registering it in the ivory tower is important.”

After escaping from her thoughts, Sirone lifted her head.

“Registration?”

“As you know, a star can register another existence besides itself in the ivory tower. Usually it is a satellite, but the same is true for objects.”

Taeseong showed the cards carried by the satellites.

“Having the star plaque means receiving the absolute support of the people of the Ivory Tower. For example, let’s say you register a dagger that anyone can use as a star item.”

The hand turned into a dagger, and a mark orbiting around a star was engraved on the handle.

“If the owner loses the dagger, and someone picks it up and kills the man. And if the murderer were to be punished by the kingdom... … .”

The mark engraved on the dagger emitted an intense light.

“The inhabitants of the Ivory Tower will do everything in their power to wipe the kingdom off the map.”

Sirone swallowed his saliva.

“Ivory Tower residents have absolute trust in the stars. It is to believe that even if a person dies from a lost knife, there will be some inevitable reason that the criminals do not know.”

That is why no one can become a star.

“Nothing is completely wrong or completely right. It is always us who define it. Sometimes compromise isn't everything. There are times when there is no other way than to make it happen.”

If I had tried to solve all problems through compromise, humanity would have already perished before me.

“Registering the title of a star is the minimum problem-solving ability an ivory tower can have. In other words... … .”

Taeseong held out the handle of the dagger.

“Even if they are wrong, the judgment of the stars is always right.”

"ah… … .”

As Sirone grabbed the handle, the dagger turned a bluish light and flew into beautiful fragments.

“Choose carefully. It doesn't matter if it's a person, an object or an animal. Besides sirone, there is only one thing that can be registered in the ivory tower.”

“Yes, I will keep that in mind.”

Thinking that the meaning was conveyed properly, Taeseong smiled with satisfaction and put his palms together.

“This is the basic rights of a star. And Oh Dae-seong is given a special gift.”

“If you give, I will be grateful.”

I don't really have any material desires, but since I've become a great star, shouldn't I receive what I deserve?

“What kind of gift is this?”

Taeseong asked this question in a playful way, but it was a difficult question to answer when I remembered it.

“Haha, well? Is it like a souvenir?”

I thought it would suit Oh Dae-seong, but Tae-seong shook his head and pointed to the sky.

“I’ll give it one star.”

“… … yes. yes?"

Sirone doubted his ears.

“What are you giving me?”

“Actually, all I have is a star. Everything else was done by the Ivory Tower people.”

Other than that, I couldn't even guess what it meant to have a star.

“If you have a star… … Will it really be mine?”

"of course. Because I control all the stars in this world, and I am giving you one of them.”

As Taeseong swung both hands around, the glass on the outer wall of the Temple of Earth shone brightly, reflecting the scene of the universe.

"wow… … .”

This time, Sirone was also a little impressed.

“Byul, especially Oh Dae-sung, is a job with a lot to think about in terms of being the leader of the star. Sometimes I think I need a space to think alone, away from the human world.”

“No, but I don’t dare to go to another planet… … .”

“A star without a name is lonely.”

Sirone shut his mouth.

“The universe is surprisingly empty. Not all stars serve their purpose. There are countless stars that exist just to fill the odds. I started because I thought that if even one person could name a star, that would be good too.”

It was an idea that could be done because he was an incarnation of a star.

"okay. I will be grateful.”

He said it was a privilege, but instead Taeseong clapped his hands excitedly and showed the candidates for the stars.

"great! Then I'll pick out a few stars that people can live on. Pick a star you like and name it.”

Numerous stars spread across the ceiling of the Temple of Earth rushed at the speed of light, and suddenly illuminated a huge planet.

'pretty.'

It was all blue water, and tens of thousands of islands were spread out in that vast sea.

“The average temperature is 28 degrees. It is a planet similar to the tropical climate of this planet. There are many islands, so it is perfect for a vacation spot. There is no one to name, but there are many different animals and plants spread evenly across the island, so it's good to take a walk depending on your mood.”

Taesung proudly introduced a masterpiece that came out of the infinite probability of the universe.

"awesome."

“It is a work that I highly recommend. And next is the star of the blue earth.”

A planet with endless vegetation on a huge continent rotated with blue clouds floating around.

“There are many animals living here. They don't eat each other because they don't run out of food. Everyone is gentle. If you like animals, I would recommend this planet.”

As Taeseong pulled the planet closer, mermaids were sitting on rocks in a small lake and singing a beautiful song.

'Amy will like it.'

While Sirone watched happily, Taeseong introduced the last planet.

“This is definitely a work of art created by the natural world.”

Even on the planet Sirone lives on, it was an endless planet with numerous superb views that were extremely rare to find.

“It is by far the best among those created by volcanoes, typhoons, tides, and tectonic shifts. It's safe to take your friends with you now. of course… … Although I could sprain my foot while climbing the mountain.”

Mountain peaks rose jagged above the clouds, and the blue sea spread out below the sheer cliffs.

A jungle was formed along a huge river, and animals were moving in herds over the endless fields.

“Um… … okay."

Sirone withdrew the thoughts that came to his mind after hearing Taeseong's words for the first time.

'There was something I wanted.'

I really wanted to have it.

Even if it was made of materials, it was questionable whether it would be possible to create such beauty, let alone time.

“It is not an expression suitable for a star, but it is also rich in resources. There are many materials that are not here. Bringing them in in large quantities is not permitted as it destroys the balance of the stars, but it doesn't matter if you collect them for personal use. If you can afford it, it would be nice to learn alchemy.”

After completing the introduction of Byul, Taeseong looked back at Sirone.

“If you don’t like something… … .”

“I’ll do it for you.”

When Sirone raised his hand and pointed at the ceiling, Taeseong smiled and nodded.

“Then, please give me a name.”

“The name of the planet… … .”

Sirone's eyes became wet for a moment.

“Hexa.”

May it not be a lonely name anymore.

“That's a great name. So from now on, Planet Hexa belongs to Syrone. This is guaranteed by me, who controls the stars in the universe, and no one can claim ownership.”

Taeseong checked the time.

“There is a little more than a day until the altar opens. During that time, we fought fiercely. You can do whatever you want to do.”

Sirone became impatient because it seemed to mean that she should organize her life, which was not long.

"no. I'd rather go back to you. This time, I will make a decision.”

Taeseong shook his head.

“If Sirone loses, no one can stop me. wait for the time It takes time.”

"So you're saying we're just going to stand here and watch as the world descends into destruction?"

“It will not perish.”

Taeseong said confidently.

“Sirone, humans are weak, but not weak. Those who have overcome numerous crises so far will not give up the world easily.”

After Taeseong said that, he looked down at the ground, and Sirone turned his gaze to the blue planet beyond the glass floor.

'What's going on?'

---------------------------------------