[518] Unknown swordsman (2)

In front of Fox's murderous eyes, Lian slowly averted his gaze.

Another thing I realized while going to and from the battlefield was that it was better to avoid a fight that could be avoided.

No, the truth is a lie.

I have seen countless people who were not afraid to die and kept their beliefs.

'What's the problem?'

It is not a one-dimensional fear that it hurts when you get hurt or that everything is over when you die.

Not sure about the sword.

The anxiety of having to throw oneself into an uncertain future every moment was sometimes more terrifying than giving up one's life.

Fox, who carefully observed Lian's hardened face, realized something and burst into laughter.

“Geuk, a kid with no blood on his head.”

It's common.

Kids who said they had learned a little bit of swords were bluffing to the general public with armed force the size of chestnuts.

It cannot be said that there is no such category among the thieves, but Fox was different from them in terms of skill.

Above all, he could speak schema.

"I'll pay the price later... … .”

After muttering that, Fox suddenly bent his head and glared at Sylvia.

“How did this happen, Sylvia? I've been so nice to you, but you bring in someone else? Is she, after all, a woman you can't help it with?”

Sylvia's expression crumpled at the disgusting misunderstanding.

"reptile. I don't want to hear that from someone who covets his friend's girl.”

Fox's face turned red.

He gave up being a soldier and gave up everything from the moment he became a thief, but when he thought of Sylvia's husband, who was a comrade-in-arms, it always bothered him that he was the last conscience.

"shut up! The guy is dead! He is already out of this world!”

Fox came up with a magic phrase to clear his conscience.

"And I've liked you since I was little. I want to make love.”

“It is not love to be interested in a married woman with a daughter. It's a dirty obsession.”

“A dirty obsession?”

Fox's face turned cold, as if he had transformed into a different person.

“You mean that? I could have you anytime But it's a dirty obsession. Okay, so from now on I won't put up with it either.”

Liz stood in front of her mother as Fox approached, emitting a ferocious aura.

“Don’t bully my mother! Daddy won't forgive you!”

Fox's cold gaze pierced Liz.

“Liz, I'm not trying to bully you. I'm trying to save you from this hellish life. I'm sure your dad will thank me too.”

The unscrupulous remarks made Sylvia dizzy.

“You are not insane. it's crazy."

“Hey, it might be. But what difference does living without going crazy make? If I could have you, I'd rather be crazy.”

Sylvia, realizing that she could not convince Foxx by any means, shouted as she pushed Liz outside.

“Liz! run away!”

Then he picked up a pot of soup from the table and threw it at Fox.

"joy!"

The moment Fox hit the pot with his thick fist, Sylvia suddenly came in front of him and stabbed the fork into his stomach.

Fox shrugged and calmly examined the wound.

It was too much to pierce through the steely muscles to the level of tableware used at home.

“It’s cheeky… … !”

As Fox slapped him on the cheek, Sylvia's body collapsed to the floor.

"mom! mom!"

Fox turned away from Liz's voice.

“Don't resent me. Because you brought it on yourself.”

"stop."

Foxx turned his eyes to see Lian rising from her chair with a displeased expression on her face.

I knew he was big, but when I saw him standing, he was quite well-balanced.

“Are you talking to me just now?”

"No matter how crazy you are, it's not like you're doing something nasty in front of a child."

“… … You're right."

said Fox, bending his neck from side to side.

“First of all, killing you is the order. how is it? If you are confident, try it.”

The moment he succumbs to the provocation, a heavy burden that cannot be converted into weight is placed on Lian's shoulders.

“… … .”

Ryan turned to Liz.

The look in his eyes, full of anticipation, must have been the selfishness that only a child could show.

“Let’s go out. I don't want to have blood in the house.”

When Lian suggested a match, the corners of Fox's mouth trembled and went up.

I couldn't ignore Lian's size.

“Fucking, bluffing. ok let's go Let the villagers clearly engrave who the owner of this house is.”

When he left the house, the villagers who had heard the commotion were hiding out of Fox's line of sight and spying on the situation.

Lian looked at the 12 thieves surrounding him.

There will never be a fair party party or anything that matches the number of heads.

'Is it 12 to 1.'

Foxx shouted, brandishing his longsword.

“Hey, young swordsman! What are you doing without rushing into it? Are you sure you're not waiting for someone to ring the bell?"

A preemptive strike is effective in any situation, but unless you are willing to risk your life, there is no need to attack the larger number first.

Knowing that fact, Lian slowly aimed the greatsword at him.

The thieves' faces turned pale as the seemingly heavy iron mass extended all the way to a distance completely off center of gravity.

It was truly a murderous force.

"Vice-captain, isn't that guy really strong?"

Fox's face wrinkled at the words whispered by his subordinate.

Talking like that in front of the enemy only lowered morale.

"shut up. I'm alone anyway If 12 people rush at it, everyone has no choice but to die.”

Although he showed great power, Lian's heart was disturbed.

When I didn't know anything, it was all about rushing to death and winning, but as my understanding of the sword deepened, I realized how reckless and crazy it was.

'So far, it's been nothing more than a fluke. my sword is not perfect perhaps… … I might die.'

It was said that it was a band of bandits made up of veterans who ate on the battlefield, but if it was Lian's skill, he could cut it down.

But is it?

Questions about the sword filled my head endlessly.

Because we are not sure, we cannot act, and because we cannot act, we make mistakes at crucial moments.

'Is my sword really right? really… … Can I cut them?'

The thieves who were watching Lian's face, which gradually turned pale, soon turned into absurd expressions and burst into laughter.

“Puhahaha! What is that? Are you really scared? Now I see that he was a strong fool.”

“Hey, what are you going to do? You will die now.”

As Lian's momentum shrank, his subordinates automatically closed the gap and approached.

"brother… … .”

A look of disappointment showed on Liz's face, and Sylvia, who had been praying earnestly for Lian to win, also turned pale.

"Guys! Kill them!”

As the thieves rushed in, Lian instinctively looked from behind and saw a longsword piercing through.

“Kuk!”

Lian, whose center of gravity was pushed back as he blocked it with his greatsword, swung his sword around without even checking the opponent's position.

'A truly childish sword, Lian.'

Divine Transcendence is a yaksha technique whose source is anger.

It was difficult to fully focus on a single action in a state of unsure of one's sword.

“What are you doing! Just go and stab him!”

Several swords landed on Lian's head, and some aimed for his abdomen in a stabbing stance.

'I can't avoid it!'

Confident in that, Rian twisted his upper body and raised the greatsword above his head.

Contrary to his thoughts, defense and evasion were perfectly executed.

However, Lian was still dissatisfied with the current results and only fell into a sense of shame.

'It's luck. This is not skill.'

I turned the greatsword as if throwing a noose, and when I struck it, the bandits' necks fell off.

'Not this angle. It's just a fluke.'

The bandits didn't see what Lian was looking at.

Even Fox, who speaks the schema, could not understand the simple truth hidden in the high level that Ryan presented.

“Damn it! Getting caught!”

As Lian put out a foot and swung the greatsword in an oblique line, the two thieves slashed into pieces.

The thieves finally realized the seriousness of the situation after the sword attack cut two people to the bone.

“What, what, this child… … !”

“Get out of the way, fools!”

Thinking that the lower the number, the more dangerous it is, Fox raised his greatsword and rushed in to slash his own throat.

The strength of the thieves, including the captain, overwhelmed Lian, but the battle was surprisingly tight.

'I went in too deep. This is not swordsmanship.'

I don't even think it was cut, but the number of thieves was gradually decreasing.

I don't feel like I'm winning.

I wanted to perfectly embody the trajectory in my head and explode it comfortably, but there was no way to prove its reality.

He couldn't even tell whether he was practicing swordsmanship or performing a sword dance like an idiot.

visor!

When the sharp iron voice suddenly returned Lian's mind to reality, 11 people had already died and Fox was the only one left.

"Shit!"

Fox was pushed back by Lian's offensive, which raged like a storm.

Even though he had already greatly enhanced his physical abilities through schema, all he could do was avoid attacks.

The presence or absence of schema in battle creates a big difference as the barrier between species.

The fact that the gap is not felt means that the technological gap is unspeakably large.

'What the hell is this guy? I'm not an ordinary prosecutor.'

Even more annoying was the fact that even with these skills, Lian's eyes didn't have the slightest hint of hope.

'Wrong! This, that, everything is wrong!'

Ryan was seeing what Fox couldn't see.

That's why every time he drew his sword, despair like death came.

'no.'

He doesn't have genius insight to stab the shortest distance.

The process of swinging hundreds and thousands of times and adjusting the error at the level of one millimeter or less was the only way he could rise to the next level.

'This isn't it.'

but it seems

An ideal state that cannot be explained in words.

Because the realm is shimmering, all standards have become tangled.

“This is not what it is!”

The moment Lian burst into a tantrum, divine transcendence was activated for the first time.

The greatsword stopped only after Fox cut off the sword he had raised and cut the body vertically.

Silence as if the world had stopped.

As Fox's body tumbled from side to side, the villagers began to enter the building.

He single-handedly cut down 12 bandits.

He was a master who could never be seen in a completely ruined village where there was not even a single blade of grass to graze.

"omg! omg!"

Rian felt relieved for the first time since the battle started, but no matter how much he thought about it, he couldn't remember his posture from a moment ago.

'What do you mean... … .'

When I closed my sword and looked around, I saw no one besides Sylvia and Liz.

'Did I win?'

no, he survived

It's nothing more than luck overlapping luck, luck overlapping luck and surviving.

But how long can we last like this?

"ah… … .”

Sylvia met Lian's eyes and involuntarily let out a moan.

It was the eyes that seemed to be carrying all the agony of the world.

However, Lian turned his head again to examine the corpses scattered everywhere, as if he did not want sympathy.

'You committed it.'

On the subject of not being able to take care of my own body, I trembled again.

“Get rid of the body.”

Lian informed the villagers who were probably listening.

“If you don’t want to be in charge, that would be fine.”

Since no one would want to take responsibility for today's situation, there was no reason for Lian's explanation to be lengthy.

“Come in. Please tell me more.”

After Rian said that, she turned to the house first, and Sylvia, who suddenly came to her senses, followed.

On the other hand, Liz still stayed there and looked at the cruel scene Lian had created with a blank expression.

“That brother… … Are you really strong?”

---------------------------------------