Age of Chaos (1)

Abella gritted her teeth, but couldn't help but groan at the pain in her heart.

“Huh”

Everyone who looks at her, even Gustav 4, who prides himself on understanding Havitz... … .

"why? why?"

I didn't understand the current situation.

"majesty."

They did not experience Satan's 0.666 seconds, but even if they realized it, nothing would have changed.

“Huh ha ha.”

Havitz's eyes, hidden behind Abella's body as a shield, were bloodshot red.

“Huh ha ha.”

His breath was so rough that his nostrils were stuck together, and his bloody eyes were filled with sadness.

"female… … paper… …

With a clattering sound, the flesh of the law was broken, and at the same time, Abella's eyes rolled upward.

“It is broken.”

Vulcan, who had been staring at Abella's fallen body on the floor in awe, slowly raised her gaze.

'Havitz, you broke <Math>.'

Havitz, still breathing heavily, was only mourning the death of the woman he loved.

When the door of the Ex-Machina opened, a strong smell of blood rose from the steam.

"hurry! Move quickly!”

Medical staff waiting outside carried the unconscious Iruki on a stretcher.

Agaia looked back at the Ex-Machina.

"Woo, I can't use it anymore."

Iruki forcibly distorted the law

As a result, the computing devices melted in the heat.

'But I got a more powerful brain than that.'

Watching Iruki walk away on a stretcher, Agaya prayed in her heart.

'If only I could wake up.'

When the commotion subsided, Gudio, who was smoking a cigarette, stomped hard on the ground.

“Damn it!”

“What happened? Did you not succeed?”

Kashan's task force commander asked, but the people playing the card game kept their mouth shut.

After a while, Ness said.

“<Law Killing> didn’t predict it.”

This was the only thing that could be inferred from the present results.

“He killed the woman he loved.”

If Harvitz had simply used Abella as a shield because he did not want to die, the law would have twisted even that law and penetrated Harvitz's heart.

“I didn’t kill to live.” Mice as if I still can't believe it

spoke in a trembling voice.

“I killed it because it was fun.”

Just because I thought this would be more fun.

“What could be more chaotic than betraying the woman you love the most in the world in a desperate moment?”

Silence came again.

“Well, then what will happen?”

No one answered the task commander's questions, but the same thought popped into his head.

'It was Gaold who defeated the Buddha. But the age of man passes into a short history.'

It was a time of chaos.

“Huh.”

Harvits was crying.

“Abella, Abella.” Because she was the woman he truly loved, at the moment of her final choice, for the first time in her life, questions arose.

'Who the hell am I?'

It was not difficult to die in Abella's place.

'But why did I have to do this?'

Killing an elder is a common thing in the world, but the basis of the act is hatred.

'Because I really loved you.'

Throwing away the person you loved with all your heart without hesitation is something no one can do.

'What no one can do.' When I did such a thing, what kind of emotion would I receive, and what the hell would that feeling be?

"haha. Kkkkkkkkk.”

I'm so curious about it that I'm going crazy.

“Hahaha! yes, that's right! That's it! this feeling! This pleasure that no drug can give you!”

There is only one reason why I did not accept Satan's offer.

“This is really fun!”

Because he is already Satan.

'Awaken.'

Balkan realized when he saw the purple haze rising from Havitz's body.

“Oohhhh!”

Havitz's eyes widened and a huge satanic figure soared through the sky.

If there's a concept that can single-handedly kill someone you love, it's only chaos.

And humans call it atrocious.

"what?"

Gai, who was bending his lower body in an almost sitting position, hurriedly looked back at the inner guard.

Sirone and Minerva were looking at the same thing.

"oh my god… …

An atrocious form made only of demonic energy was looking down as if to swallow Vashken.

Even Gai, a madman, realized that his current situation was not serious and put his sword in.

“If I see you on the battlefield again, then I will kill you without mercy.”

Sirone did not answer, and as if he had no intention of listening, Gai ran through the castle gate and ran to Harbitz.

“What are you going to do?”

Minerva asked.

“You failed.”

Even the appearance of Satan, the lord outside the law, showed that the law had been broken.

“It is my responsibility.”

In the future, the world will be stained with great evil that neither philanthropy nor extreme goodness can handle.

“No, it is our responsibility.”

“They said that clumsy good encourages evil.”

The counterattack of Zen that could have been executed because there was no Buddha.

'Shouldn't have been provoked?' The situation that Mahoro Amanta was worried about was the strongest evil that broke her line and appeared.

'It's really difficult. What the hell is this world...'

How can everyone be happy?

“Sirone, let’s go back. We need to come up with measures.”

The area of ​​the line, which could have been widened a little with one year of effort, will rapidly shrink.

“What about playing Harvits now?”

I kept thinking that I couldn't make it.

“Don’t be in a hurry. All I had to do was dig out the temple. If you try something, the other side will respond with something too.”

If only I was a human and everyone was just a doll, the world would go as it pleased... … .

“It's not a world you can change alone. Atrocities cannot be destroyed unless the power of good is concentrated into one.”

The world is in pain.

“As of today, the Republic of Korea will cease to exist. But there are still dozens of countries left to protect.”

Sirone bit her lip until it bled and flew up into the sky following Minerva.

“Human Desire. There really is no end.” The incarnation of Harbitz, who had become atrocious while still possessing a physical body, proclaimed at the end of the sky.

“From now on, you are the Satan of this age. lead my hell army 72 legions will follow you.”

At the voice that shook the entire Kingdom of Cotria, some felt joy and others felt despair.

As the purple haze permeated Havits, her eyes scanned the light like glistening oil.

“What happened?” The Balkans are approaching.

"I don't know. Mumble something.”

He didn't care about Havitz, but it seemed like it would be fun to use the 72 legion's demons.

“Abella is back.”

Death is the mother's voice telling her to come in for dinner.

“The night is coming.”

That's why the pranks on the playground will end someday.

"Anyway, we're the children we put out."

Children whose parents do not look for them do not know how to stop running even after the twilight arrives.

"finally… …

Harvits looked back at his friends.

“Let’s conquer the world just once and go.” Vulcan's eyes were full of mischief, and Natasha tore her mouth with an excited expression.

“Good! No one goes home first!”

The Gustav Empire, which destroyed the Republic of Korea, caused a world war in earnest.

As the border country Kashan lost 1/10 of its territory, the kingdom of Paras in the Middle East was also mortally wounded.

“We have to break through the Akkadian Desert. Then you can eat dozens of kingdoms in the central continent.”

On the eastern side across the sea, a fierce naval battle was taking place with the Jincheon Empire.

“The sea side is not easy. Occupy the H and Middle kingdoms first. Cut off the support route of the 7 kingdoms.”

The kingdom occupying the waist of the Eastern Continent was in session.

“How will the occupied countries be treated?”

At the official's words, Balkan turned to Havitz.

"What should I do?"

“Play around and kill them all. Except for the Gustav Empire, no human can set foot in this world.”

It was our playground, and it was also the ultimate goal Ma aimed for.

“By the way, there is something that worries me.”

Vulcan looking down at world map.

The red line that started in the northwestern region of Kashan descended vertically and was connected to the central continent.

“All the demon armies along this line were destroyed. As if it had been erased with an eraser.”

Natasha's eyes lit up.

“Knight of Macha.”

The number of demons he killed while moving south exceeded 10,000, and among them there were even two corps commanders.

“I thought it was a childish goal for a chivalry practitioner, but I really cut the kashan with a straight line.”

Sumodo was boring.

“You don’t have to worry, do you? It's not like it's coming our way, and even if one person erased it, how much would it erase?”

The red line drawn on the map was definitely thin.

“The problem is the corps commander. We lost the 69th corps commander and the 57th corps commander. Regular soldiers are quickly replenished, but losing a corps commander is a big loss.”

Natasha pointed to herself.

“Shall I go?”

Vulcan didn't want to do that.

'I can't imagine Natasha being killed by someone. But really, this line makes me feel bad.'

Detouring when it is difficult and running away when it is dangerous are the trajectories that normal human beings can draw.

'I can't find any traces of shaking.' It just broke through.

“First of all, let’s be careful. Let’s have the kids check the dynamics of the knight of Macha.” It was spring with flowers as red as blood.

"you… … How dare a human... … !”

The demons of the 55th Corps, which dominate the desert in southwestern Kashan, became corpses and covered the sand.

“This is not the end. One billion demons will surely find you and tear you apart... …

“It’s boring, it sounds the same every time.”

A young man with blue hair up to his shoulders and a hairy beard had a greatsword mounted on his back.

“Are you guys memorizing it separately?”

The 55th Corps Commander Powell's huge body split from the top of his head with a goosebumps sound.

“Is it the end of the desert?”

The blue-haired man closed one eye and looked at the horizon where the city was built in the distance.

Mach's knight, August Lian (22 years old).

“You have arrived at last.”

never seen a map

They just walked south along the stars, ate anything when they were hungry, and dug and slept when they were cold.

'Though walking is what you reach when you walk.'

Although he defeated many strong enemies, he never felt that he had gained strength.

“Can you say you are strong if you split the sky?”

As I drew the sword vertically, an illusion as if the world was splitting into pieces flickered in my eyes.

I don't know.

“Kido, how are you? Are there any results?”

Where is the companion of the search for the first time, and what is it doing now?

"work hard. I go first.” With the conviction that he would not give up, Lian moved to a place where he could see the city.

“I want you to wash. People will mistake it for a monster.”

It was also the first contact with civilization in a year, but the smell of demon blood was too strong.

'If I came properly, it would be the Jive Kingdom.'

The Seven Planets of the Temple.

All I knew was that there was a school that produced Nane, the Buddha of the era, due to the long rainy season.

“It would be nice if I could meet Sirone.”

Ryan didn't know.

The race that rules the night of the world roams the streets of Jive, greedy for blood.

the fact that there is.