[181] 4. Reversal of the Law (2)

“Okay, let me explain. This place is called Outer Hell. Also called purgatory.”

"purgatory? here?"

“Yes, the land prison. It is where heretics who rejected the law live. now i get it You denied the existence of God in the earthly kingdom. That's why I fell here.”

Sirone did not correct her misunderstanding. She wouldn't understand even if I explained it, and it wasn't exactly wrong. There was no one in her party who believed in Anchera.

“Seeing that you use magic, you seem to be a descendant of the Norse, but I feel sorry for you. Since you fell into purgatory, the only thing left for you is death. You will die eventually.”

“That’s right, I will die in the end. But neither do you.”

Kanya lifted her chin, a little smug.

"you're welcome. I am a subject chosen by God. So you can be assured of eternal life.”

Sirone remembered the myth of Kergo. If you can give someone eternal life, you can definitely call it a god.

But it didn't feel realistic.

Organisms age and someday they will surely die. It was impossible to prevent death even with the power of magic.

After realizing the true identity of Sirone and the others, Kanya felt relieved. I hate heresy, but they were pitiful people who didn't even get a chance to receive the power of God.

“I can’t. you are lucky Follow me. I will introduce you to a place to stay.”

“Why are you being nice all of a sudden? If you are a subject and we are heretics, shouldn't we think badly?”

Kanya turned around when she realized that no one was following her.

“Looking at your suspicions, you must be a descendant of the Norse. If it were heaven, I would have kicked you out, but this place is okay. No law can protect its subjects in purgatory. You and I are in the same situation. Anyway, you have to go fast. It gets dangerous when the sun goes down.”

As we entered the valley, the height of the cliff soared. It was a lonely place where not a single flying insect existed. A little moisture and an echo. I could only hear their footsteps in the great nature.

"Couldn't it be that something strange is coming out again?"

"don't worry. The Valley of the Whirlwind Serpents is a place where one powerful law exists, so there are no dangerous monsters like Poison Eagles.”

“Which law is it?”

“Whirlpool snake. It is a monster known to have lived here for over 10,000 years. But you'll be sleeping now. They don't wander around during the day. So we want to go quickly. We have to go to Nohr's Shelter before the sun goes down.”

“Didn't we say that we were descended from Nor? Then you are not a subject of Norr?”

“Of course I am a citizen.”

“Then why is there Norr’s shelter in Purgatory?”

Kanya was frustrated, but recalled where they came from and added an explanation.

“There are three races of subjects residing in Heaven. Norse is one of them. Subjects have a fixed lifespan from the time they are born, but when their lifespan ends, they gain eternal life. But I guess some people in Nord couldn't tolerate it. That's why I escaped to purgatory and created an independent society.”

Sirone did not understand the saying that lifespan is determined from birth, but for now she passed. He was at least less miraculous than the word that he would gain eternal life.

More than that, I was grateful for Kanya's consideration. Since Sirone was thought to be a descendant of the Norse, he guided her into the society of the Norse.

“Thank you, Kanya. You are kind.”

"What are you talking about! There are no subjects who are kind to heretics. We're going anyway because we need something, so don't misunderstand. When you arrive at Norr's Shelter, don't pretend to be an egg from then on.”

Contrary to what she said harshly, she did not look into Sirone's eyes.

Lena puffed out her cheeks at Kanya's condescension and added another word.

"that's right. My sister is going because she really needs something. But I am going because I really want to help.”

"haha! Ok, thanks. Lena is kind.”

Lena's cheeks turned red at Sirone's praise.

Kanya stopped. It's a sensitive time, so it's understandable to be attracted to strangers, but as a subject subject to the law, it was a thought I shouldn't have.

She took Lena by the wrist and led her to the cliff. While Sirone and the others looked at each other in bewilderment, she urged in a whisper.

“Lena, what are you doing? You know, you can never lead a heresy. Even having such a heart is blasphemy.”

"I know. But that brother... … .”

“If not, then no! No matter how immature you are, being handsome isn't everything. If you choose a man like that, you will be in big trouble.”

“How does your sister know that? You don't even have a boyfriend."

“When you grow up, you know everything. Anyway, listen to your sister, okay? I mean, treat that man coldly from now on.”

“I don’t like Sirone oppa because he’s handsome, I like him because he’s kind.”

“Are you friendly? that kid?”

Kanya looked at Lena with an absurd expression. How should I take his brother's words.

He was definitely a unique boy. But the reason he feels that way is also heresy. Freedom leads to depravity. In that sense, hanging out with Sirone was dangerous.

“You, tell me clearly. Do you like good-looking people or kind people?”

Lena is also 14 years old, so she is the age to feel the feelings of love. With her soon-to-be mother, she felt the need to change her brother's mindset.

“Of course both. You have to be handsome, but you also have to be kind.”

“Whoa, you really don’t even know.”

“It’s okay, sister. I wouldn't fall in love with someone I've only seen for one day. and… … After all, we are no different from those people now.”

It was against the law for a subject to enter Purgatory without permission. Maybe I could be punished, but it was something I couldn't give up.

However, I regretted taking my brother with me.

No matter how much Lena had a longer lifespan than herself, it was a decision that she lacked responsibility as an older sister.

“I’m sorry, Lena. I am… … .”

“I know, sister. Besides, you begged me to go. She doesn't have to take on dangerous jobs alone. I also want to give it to her mother as a gift.”

Kanya stroked Lena. The child who cried for her milk was already this big. I hoped that she would receive the grace of her god and enjoy her eternal life.

Since it's a lovely child, Ra will surely do that.

"OK got it. let's hurry."

The valley was now becoming a labyrinth. Even the air was damp because shallow water was flowing at the narrow fork.

Amy noticed that Kanya's movements were jumbled using her red eyes.

It was a typical path of a lost person.

“It’s quite far. Is Nor’s resting place still far away?”

“I am not going there. We don't even know where Norr's shelter is.”

"what? You said earlier that you were going to Norr's Shelter.”

“There is a destination. We, the subjects, have no way of knowing where the Norse who fled from heaven made it.”

Sensing Amy's absurd stare, Kanya added her words.

"don't worry. But there is a way.”

“How?”

“It’s using drones. Nord's Shelter is an open market that anyone can go to. The guide dispatched from the market is waiting for you at the Valley of the Whirling Serpents. You just need to find that person. So right now, I’m searching for a place where people can stay with a drone.”

Sirone looked up at the two drones flying through the sky.

That flying object would also be something called an ancient artifact in the original world. However, the ancient land technology was incomparably cutting-edge.

Suddenly, I wondered what kind of expression he would make if he showed it to Nade.

“I know that machine is doing reconnaissance, but how can we see it?”

said Kanya, poking her temples.

“It is connected to my head. We call it frequency.”

"frequency?"

“Well, it’s like an invisible sign. Is it a similar concept to sound? It's a technology called retinal vision, and when a drone shoots radio waves at my frequency, an image is formed in the pupil. Look closely at my left eye.”

An electric field formed in Kanya's pupils, and a bird's-eye view of the valley quickly developed. Even though it is smaller than the pupil, the resolution is high, so I was able to see what kind of scenery was unfolding.

“This is the valley as seen from the drone's point of view. You may not be able to see it in detail, but in reality it occupies half of my field of vision. Because the screen is directly reflected on the retina.”

"It's a great technique."

Tess couldn't hide her envy. She's always been into ancient artifacts, but her drones in particular have been game-changers in her espionage warfare.

“Where can I get something like this?”

“This is not to seek, but to be supplied. It’s something that is only given to Mecha, but when you turn 12, you can get a drone.”

“Then can you get one for me?”

"no. The quantity is strictly controlled, so if you secretly steal it and get caught, you will be punished severely.”

"I see. I want one too... … .”

“The other subjects are envious of drones. However, it has a personal password anyway, so no one else can use it. As soon as the owner changes, it beeps and goes to sleep.”

Tess was even more upset that it was only for one person. want to have. However, if it was a product provided by the state, it could not be bought with money.

Jealous, Tess kept her mouth shut from then on.

“I found a place for the Norse to stay. It's not far from here.”

Kanya then started running and arrived in front of the cave.

The drone landed on the back of Kanya's hand and turned into a gauntlet.

The landscape of the final capture point appeared on the surface. Kanya, who compared what she saw with her eyes and the photos, approached the cave saying that this place was certain.

At that moment, Tess raised her hand to stop her.

"Wait a minute. I smell blood.”

“The smell of blood? I don't smell anything.”

“Huh, of course not. Because I've been training since I was little. You can’t even smell that machine, can you?”

"What are you talking about? Mecha technology can distinguish 140,000 different smells. It’s just that drones don’t have that capability.”

Only then did the party realize that there was a war of nerves between Tess and the drone.

Well, the drone's reconnaissance ability was overwhelming even in their opinion. However, Lian felt sorry for Tess, who was only jealous of the iron block.

“It’s okay, so do it quickly. Don’t feel inferior to strange things.”

When Rian said it was strange, Tess, feeling relieved, traced the reverberation of the blood with the sensory system schema.

After taking a step into the cave and looking inside, I looked around for a while.

After finishing the analysis, she looked back at the group and said.

“I can smell blood from inside the cave. I'm sure someone is there, but they don't seem to have ventured out of the cave.”

"why? Can't you smell the blood outside?"

"no. Rather, it is assumed that it did not come out because the smell of blood was strong from the inside.”

“By the way, didn’t you check outside longer?”

“It is a kind of manual. If you can smell blood outside, the cave is highly likely to be a trap.”

“Then, it’s not a trap. Let's go in.”

Sirone cast the lighting magic, Shining.

Kanya and Lena were frightened as the sphere of light floated over their palms. Although the Norse are a race that deals with magic, they have never seen magic like this in heaven.

“Sister, can you see that? I made light from my body.”

"okay. The people of the land country use strange magic.”

"huh. But that... … Doesn't it look just like that?"

“Lena! That kind of thinking is disrespectful. I beg you to make a mistake in your heart soon.”

Lena's expression softened. She didn't say anything, because if she noticed, it means her sister was thinking the same thing.

In any case, disrespect was a sin, so in her heart she begged Ra to forgive her.

---------------------------------------