[669] To Radum (4)

Shockwave-type magic created by a combination of relatively minimal mass and relatively extreme speed.

The destructive power was so strong that it looked like explosive magic, but the essence of the angel's punishment was a shock wave generated at supersonic speed.

When the torn and twisted structures stopped expanding and returned to their original places, all that was left was fragments like the remnants of gallopers that had been blown up by the vibrations.

'It is absorbed.'

Sirone watched their remains seep into the fibers of the floor.

It was terrifying to think that perhaps the entire structure here might have been made of corpses.

“Is it over, is it over?”

In the silence of the son-in-law, Con muttered.

To his left and right, who majored in earth magic, stood two golems wounded by Gallofer's attack.

Veteran B's pride was at a level where he couldn't even hold out his business card compared to the magic he had just a moment ago.

'Is that the magic of the ivory tower candidates?'

Aakman had already realized defeat, but the masters of the remaining two guilds were the first to see Sirone's inaction.

No, even if it wasn't limited to Sirone, it was the first time such an outrageous magic was used.

'perhaps… … .'

Maybe we can survive in this hellish place.

Some people saw a ray of hope in that way, while others fell into despair, engulfed in an atmosphere of fear.

“Huh, huh.”

When I turned my head to the sound of crying, Elwe, a member of the Blood Rose guild, clenched my fists and shook my shoulders.

“Elwie, calm down. You must not lose courage.”

Master Yvian was an extensive reader, but the emotions once stirred were not easily controlled.

"How to. the tears won't stop I will die now.”

"it is not so. You are alive, even now!”

It was the first time that the poison mage Elwie, who had been spraying powerful nerve gas on the battlefield, had shown such a weak side.

“Wrong! No matter how hard I try, the fear won't go away! I will die, I... … !”

Suddenly she croaked and opened her mouth.

What is really scary is not fear, but oneself being engulfed in fear. Once one loses one's heart, one is endlessly sucked into darkness.

"uh? uh huh?”

Elwie's eyes dry up.

“Elwe! no! Be patient!”

That moment when everyone intuited that there would be another death.

"are you okay."

Sirone hugged Elwie.

"ah… … Ahhh… … .”

Elwi's pupils, feeling the warmth, gradually regained their place, and death was delayed for a while.

"Do not worry. No matter where this place is, I won't let you die in vain. Trust me and follow me.”

A moment of relief flashed across Elwe's face, but then his lips pouted.

"lie! Because the captain is strong, he can say such things! In the end, the weak die first! Not even nerve gas works here!”

That was the root cause.

"You're leaving me! After all, you want me to die before anyone else!”

I could see with my own eyes how much fear breaks the human spirit.

“Poison is useless here.”

Sirone looked straight into the eyes of the surprised Elwie and explained calmly.

“But once we get out of here, Mr. Elwe's magic will be of great help to our power. He didn't even hire in the first place unless he needed someone. So you can trust me.”

"really? Do you still need me?”

"of course. And look, he’s still alive and well without dying like this.”

Elwi finally realized that death had bypassed him.

“A magician like Mr. Elwe can restore his mind as much as he wants. So let’s try harder, we.”

Although unofficial, Elwe was also a wizard.

"thank you."

When Elwe finally came to his senses and smiled, Sirone also smiled.

However, when he looked back at the crowd and gave instructions, his smile vanished before he knew it.

“According to biological time, it is dawn now. It seems that there is no point in moving forward in this state, so let’s find a place to rest.”

There was no disagreement because the fatigue in the terrible environment was enormous.

The place he arrived at, avoiding the ghouls as much as possible, was inside a huge heart that seemed to have once been a huge warehouse.

“It’s warm.”

It was his only consolation, and he was disgusted with it.

“What kind of world were we living in?”

As the atmosphere calmed down at Kon's words, Sirone refreshed it.

“I keep a vigil. There are enough people, so it would be better to set a turn and go around while the mission is over.”

Kargin thought of a joke, 'what if someone dies in the meantime?' but didn't say it out loud.

“I will do it first.”

Quan, who had been trained in this way, limped out of his heart.

“If that person… … .”

The crew let out a sigh of relief so that they could not be heard.

It was already proven through the battle with Galloper that he was the best among the mercenaries.

'I'm sorry.'

It felt good to think that diplomat Aria's bodyguards were protecting her, so Kuan also volunteered to be the first to watch.

“Keep your eyes closed for a moment. We will leave in three hours.”

You can't get enough rest, but in a battlefield like this, you'll have to sleep to avoid dying.

Even so, most of the crew couldn't sleep.

It felt like the heartbeat of the structure grew louder as my consciousness sank.

'Neo… … .'

Archer Joshua rose from his seat and opened the pendant hanging around his neck.

“Are you a lover?”

When I quickly turned my head at the sudden voice, Kargin laughed.

“Not interested. I hate inspiration.”

“Have you ever been interested?”

After thinking for a moment, she opened her mouth.

"what do you want?"

Kargin pointed at the pendant with his chin.

“Are you a lover?”

"no."

Inside the pendant was a picture of a four-year-old child.

“He is my son.”

“Hmm, I didn’t know you were married?”

“I didn’t. I don't even know who the father of the child is. I didn't have iron back then... … .”

If you live as a mercenary for a long time, you can meet quite a few men who want money for a night.

In some cases, the pay was better than the mission, so Joshua agreed when he felt like it, but it was a mistake to be careless and not use birth control.

Kargin also skipped the question as there was no way he didn't know the physiology of the mercenaries.

“Are you so obsessed with money because of your son?”

“He is dead.”

The pendant closed with a thud.

“It was heatstroke. They say you're infected with a virus or something. There was a cure. I just didn't have any money.”

Joshua's words ended there.

“It’s too bad.”

Maybe because it was hell, I heard it from the bottom of my heart.

"you are? Do you have a family?”

Kargin laughed bitterly.

“Unfortunately, I am still an old bachelor. A true old bachelor. Of course, I am not a male bachelor.”

Joshua laughed at the old nonsense.

“No kidding. Would you like to check it out?”

As Kargin got into a position to lower his trousers, Joshua turned his head coldly.

“You’re a crazy inspiration.”

“Hey, it doesn’t matter, does it? There's nothing like this to overcome fear. Besides, the fact that the five senses have changed means that you might be able to taste something new.”

“Why me? There is a beautiful monk over there, and there is also a diplomat from one country.”

"That's because you're the prettiest."

It's an obvious lie, but it didn't make me feel bad.

“How much will you give me?”

"what?"

“Are you pretty? Call it over there.”

Kargin thought for a moment and then took out the finest gold coin from Kubrick.

When Joshua said he would receive it in kind, he tackled it, but it was the same that he had no family.

“This is all my property.”

The 100,000 gold received from Rufist was all in his hand.

"They say it's Junchi even if it rots."

He was an inspiration with a knack for moving people.

After snatching 50,000 gold from Kargin, she put it in the Kubrick and stood up.

“I’ll take half. Let's go out the back door."

Kargin, shyly taking the remaining gold coins, followed and asked.

“I really don’t care… … .”

“Don’t throw your life away for something like this. I will definitely come out alive, so enjoy it to the fullest then, old man.”

Some fell asleep, but the core members, including Sirone, were lost in thought in the corner, and Joshua turned to Sirone as if asking for permission.

Lufist gestured as if to do it on his own, and the two went out through the back door.

"are you okay?"

"why? Would you like to relax too?”

Sirone was in no mood for a joke.

“It is dangerous. What kind of emotional changes have affected the nature of this world... … .”

“Don't ask for too much. They too are holding on desperately. If you push me any further here, I will really die.”

It was a fact that he could know because he was the president of the association who had experience with numerous subordinates.

The core members, including Sirone, are the owners of mental strength that are said to be one of the best in the kingdom, but the stress that ordinary mercenaries experience in a situation where they die just because they are afraid is beyond imagination.

Considering Elwe's situation, it was not something he couldn't understand, so Sirone kept quiet about that part.

"excuse me… … Mr. Mayray.”

"Ah yes?"

She kept covering her ears and experimenting with God's frequency, but she turned her head.

“You said it was an oracle earlier, right? What exactly is that?”

Jane was trying to find a way to escape, but with no results, Mayray's information was important.

"Oh yeah."

Sitting next to Sirone, she explained.

“Actually, it is ambiguous to call it a memory. Because the trust process is so dreamy. It just came to my mind when I came here. Some information comes to mind that way.”

“Didn’t you say the other side of the world?”

"yes. But that's just my interpretation of the term. They perceive the world with far more senses than humans. I won’t make a distinction between the world we live in and this place right now.”

"Why didn't you tell me beforehand?"

"in fact… … What I am saying now is just coming to my mind.”

If it was something like a free association technique, it would have been possible to draw it out more through conversation.

“What does it mean to be integrated?”

Mayray blinked for a moment before opening her mouth.

“Did I ever call you a chok before?”

"yes. Mr. Maylei is Cheong.”

“That was the first thought that came to my mind when I heard about the ability to explode the statue of Buddha. My brother has probably opened his sixth sense.”

“Me?”

“The Church of Terraforce, no, the Terraforce Gods, to be exact, classify the types of senses into eleven. Humans have all five senses, but some sensory entities understand the universe with more senses. Do you know what the apex of the senses, the 11th sense, is called?”

When Sirone shook her head, she pointed at Sirone.

“It’s a sense of emptiness, that is, the Ultima system.”

“Ultima is… … The eleventh and final sense?”

“I know, brother, that you have the final Gaian senses. But interpreting signals isn't the essence of Ultima. The human sixth sense is expressed through the integration of the five senses. The seventh sense is expressed through the integration of the sixth sense. When you have gone through integration in this way and reached the 11th level, everything becomes one. I think this was the knowledge of the Terraforce gods.”

As if more information was pouring in, Mayray's words sped up.

“Humans have five senses, so the expression of the sixth sense is temporary. But my brother opened it perfectly. The sixth sense they call, the sense of time. It’s a clear feeling that transcends time and accepts it.”

Suddenly, not only Rufist but also Jane came and listened.

“If you really want to open your 11th sense, you have to keep integrating it to open up new senses. I don't know if it's biologically possible, but at least they did.”

“How many senses do you have? I mean Terraforce.”

“I don’t know exactly. It's clear that you haven't reached your 11th sense, but it won't be low either. After all, you know about this place because you opened your seventh sense.”

Jane asked as if from a sudden thought.

“They said that a sense of oppression ruins time. Then what about the 7th sense?”

"yes. Break down the barriers of space. A sense that blurs the line between existence and non-existence.”

Mayray spread her palms wide as if there was a wall in front of her eyes.

“The 7th Sense Bakji.”

It was another sense to reach the ultimate.

---------------------------------------