[369] Special training (4)

Sirone trained in laser guidance magic in earnest.

Being able to use lasers, omnipotence was not a problem, but the batteries were beyond the advanced class level.

In that sense, Isabelle was a savior.

As the director of a magic library, her explanations were easy to understand, but never missed the point.

Light is also a type of electromagnetic wave. The laser-guided magic developed by the Jacobins is an active homing system, a technology that guides a projectile to a target by observing the wavelength emitted when a laser collides with an object.

And in order for this to be possible, a laser search magic called seeker had to be preceded.

"OMG! I don't know, I don't know! what's this! After all, it is information magic!”

Sirone looked away from the book and cried.

The page he was currently viewing had an algorithm for equipping a seeker, but from his point of view, it was like the language of a monster.

Flew, who was reading a magic book across the training ground, clicked his tongue and said.

“That's why you should have chosen the magic book while considering the level of difficulty. One month left. Why don't we give up now and look for something else?”

Sirone looked at Fleur with sullen eyes. Anyway, I'm going to die of disgust.

“Your senior also said it was okay at first.”

"Well, I'm not saying it's impossible even now. If you work hard, it could be done in a month. But anyway, there's a plan B, right?"

“Hmm, plan B… … .”

As Flew said, if you were going to give up, you had better do it now.

If I invested more time here, I could have been satisfied with only the shotgun movement and had to go back to school.

“I’ll just try to finish it. I learned a lot thanks to you. Same with radio waves.”

After Sirone finished speaking, Flew covered the magic book she was reading and stood up.

“Okay, if that’s what you think, let’s get serious about it.”

Sirone raised her head to follow Fleur's face as she approached.

“Right now, the most important thing is seeker. Link magic that fuses laser and photon cannons.”

"yes. But is this too difficult? I'm weak against information magic.”

“It's not just information wizards who use algorithms. For example, I know how to do it.”

"yes? Are you a senior?”

Sirone narrowed his eyes in disbelief. Flew then grabbed his magic wand and entered the center of the training ground. Then he hit the ground with his pole and showed off his skills.

“Bonghwangjeong.”

A huge phoenix rose like smoke from the crystal ball at the tip of the staff and floated into the air.

Since no one came within the radius, the fire bird remained silent with only flapping wings.

Flew pointed at himself and said.

“What do you think my major is?”

“Ah, yes… … Aren't you a fire mage?”

"no. Of course, I deal with flames, but to be precise, I am Joner.”

Recalling Etella, Sirone tilted her head.

A huge spirit zone that transcends common sense and a highly polite sense are characteristics of Jonah, but Flew had none of them.

“It’s a special major, so you might not know. That's why when people say Joner, they usually only think of search-type wizards. But by Joner, I just mean an expert in the Spirit Zone.”

Flew spread out two fingers.

“Zoner is largely divided into exploration and manipulation, and I am a manipulation wizard belonging to the latter.”

"Aha, you're manipulating that phoenix."

"okay. Bonghwangjeong fires flames at all targets in the spirit zone. The reason it responds much faster than synesthesia is because it borrows the Dawkins algorithm. Automatic reactions of the nerves and mind. It was also an automatic reaction that prevented the vampires from attacking the Gold Tower.”

Sirone's expression darkened.

Joner, a top graduate of the Royal Magic School and a special major.

It was because of her that it was possible to accurately balance the golden spirit zone.

“It is the same with the search system. If the virtue of a battle mage is durability, then Joner is someone who is obsessed with density. However, since the mind is not a particle, even if it is 100% dense, it does not mean that it is full. It just means that your sixth sense is 100% accurate. So above 95 percent it’s really hard to raise.”

Flew passed the magic wand behind him and moved away. Sirone's head turned around.

“Of course, if you’re a Joner, you basically have to give 100 percent. Then, to increase clarity, we use a unit called specific gravity. If you think of a normal spirit zone as a gas, Jonah's spirit zone can reach the specific gravity of liquid, clay, or even rock, depending on the level.”

When Sirone sat back down, Flew stopped there and raised her finger.

“Nevertheless, the minimum standard for Joner is 60 percent density. The spirit zone of the exploration series is incredibly large. If you expand the Spirit Zone to a diameter of 2km without entering Immortal Function, the density drops to 0%. That’s why Jonah is density, only density.”

Anyway, if the density is in the 0% range, the spirit zone won't even be created. However, a simple comparison made the understanding clear.

“So, how do you search a 2 kilometer radius with 60 percent density? This is where algorithms come into play. For example, using the Pisaski algorithm, you can search for metal objects within a radius. Because it captures the reflectance of light, its efficiency drops at night.”

Sirone was shocked by the novelty. If normal magic affects the outside world, Algorithm is meta magic that gives the spirit zone a unique function.

It couldn't be the same as the schema, but magic against magic was developed even for magicians.

How vast is the alternative magic world?

My heart started beating fast. wide. and deep There was a huge playground in front of my eyes that I would not get tired of even if I worked for the rest of my life.

* * *

With the help of Fleur, Sirone learned the algorithm to enter the seeker step by step.

It was a continuation of the basics, and Isabel's intensive management of advanced and complex theories.

Time passed quickly, and with four days left before leaving the Magic Association, I was able to finish the pruning stage.

"at las. finished."

After covering the magic book, Sirone lay down. He had never studied so hard, even in school.

It was not a matter of effort, but a biological limitation.

Humans have to sleep somehow, but the magic association's sleep device has overcome the impossible.

“I did it, I. I really did.”

Sirone muttered in a confused state of mind. Steam seemed to be escaping from the outside of her head.

Flu, who had suffered as much as Sirone, had lost his face in a month.

“… … You are also a real poison. Let’s just give up.”

In the beginning, the flue was full of enthusiasm, but as the middle was over, the limit gradually came.

Of course, she had to take care of the association's work during the day, but even considering that, Sirone's tenacity was amazing.

"lol! how is it? Did I do it?”

Flew kept his last pride.

"no. do you know what It was a physically impossible time for a normal person. You just finished the battery. Therefore, my calculations were correct.”

Sirone also admitted that fact.

Just learning a battery doesn't activate magic.

Even so, the reason he was obsessed with laser guidance to the end was because, unlike others, he was already equipped with omnipotence.

“Then shall we begin soon?”

When Sirone slipped up, Fleur shook her head.

“No, no. Rest unconditionally today.”

“But I don’t have time.”

“If not, then no! If you go to practice in that state, you really die. It's not just you dying, I'm dying too!"

“Then even if it’s a sleeping device… … .”

“Not even that! Get into your room right now! If you don't sleep more than 8 hours today, I won't help you in the future!”

Fleur pushed Sirone on the back and forced her back to her quarters.

Sirone's footsteps on the way back were heavy. There is no time. Her mind was so impatient that she didn't even think about lack of sleep.

"little bit more. Let’s at least go to bed and review.”

Sirone lay down on the bed with a laser guidance magic book.

And fell asleep after 1 second.

afternoon the next day.

"Ahh! It's a big deal!”

People passing by the corridor turned their heads at the sound leaking from inside the accommodation.

As soon as the door opened, Sirone ran to the training ground without even washing her hair.

3 days left now.

If you practice today and get evaluated tomorrow, you will be able to achieve your intended goal.

When we arrived at the training ground, Flu was already getting ready.

Sirone opened her eyes wide. He overslept, but it was definitely time for the flu to be at work.

"uh? What happened?”

“Did you get a good night’s sleep?”

Fleur confirmed Sirone's condition.

"yes. I'm dying of annoyance from sleeping too much. But what about work here?”

“I took a vacation. For the next three days, I will focus on watching you.”

"ah… … .”

Sirone's eyes filled with water.

To use the vacation, which is the sweetest thing for office workers, for the training of juniors. Just today, she looked like an angel.

"Seniors… … .”

Seeing Sirone approaching with a strange expression, Fleur shrunk her neck like Zara and held out her hand.

“What, what, those eyes! go away! Gross!”

As Sirone continued to approach, she hurriedly backed away, unable to bear to touch her body. She said, and only after she made sure that Sirone stopped.

“Anyway, since I’ve come this far, I must see you succeed. So let's do it right.”

Sirone also had a serious face.

“Yes, thank you!”

The training that lasted until midnight was extended into the next morning with the power of the sleeping capsule.

We fixed numerous errors in the algorithm last night, but we still have a long way to go.

“Once you have the seeker equipped. Then, let's do fusion properly this time. can you do it?”

“Yes, I will try.”

Sirone, who warmed up her mind with a sequence of numbers, entered the Spirit Zone.

My eyes widened as the sequence in my head accelerated rapidly.

'Homing Photon Cannon!'

Eight Photon Cannons were born around Sirone. A pale, beautiful orb of light.

If there was a difference from before, it was that a red dot was embedded in the center of the sphere.

It was a laser pointer and seeker.

“Fusion is a success. This time, the target aiming algorithm.”

Sirone, who was manipulating the Seeker according to Fleur's instructions, said with a puzzled expression.

“Uh, there… … What about the target?”

Fleur's palms collided.

"Oh right! Where should the experimental drone be?”

Flew rummaged through the box of supplies in the corner of the training ground. Then he turned his head as if he had a good idea.

“No, don’t do that, I’ll take it myself.”

After moving along the wall near the box, she stood with her back to the eastern wall.

“Senior?”

"huh. You don't have time anyway. Let’s skip the trifles.”

Even Sirone thought it was effective.

After aiming the flue with the spirit zone, the seeker aimed the flue according to the algorithm.

Eight laser points were buried here and there on her body.

Flew gulped at the orbs floating ahead.

The feeling that the seekers in the center of the photon cannon were staring at him like the eyes of an emotionless monster was the worst feeling.

'this… … It's much scarier than I thought.'

As she leaned slowly, the eight laser points moved simultaneously to follow her.

When I straightened my back again, the Seekers turned around without a doubt. I got a little goosebumps.

'It's just a quick magic. Are you tracking me?'

Said Sirone, who had finished her preparations.

“Senior, let’s begin… … .”

"wait for a sec."

Fleur held out her hand. Shirone, who hastily stopped her magic, looked at her blankly.

She cleared her throat and quietly averted her gaze.

“I don’t think this is a bit. Let’s just do it with drones.”

---------------------------------------