ugly (4)

The Valkyrie units that were defending the borders of Jive, Molton, and Bornai all retreated.

While the army of Hell moved south, Harbitz took a walk through the ruined Kingdom of Jive.

Natasha escorting him asked.

“What are you doing here with nothing but a corpse? Going to the battlefield would be much more fun.” The Balkans have already led the army of Hell to the south.

“I wouldn’t have died.”

Harvits added.

“I have to kill you.”

Natasha tilted her head with a cute face like a doll.

“Havitz is cruel.”

Now that the army of hell had left this place, the survivors must have felt hope for life.

“Can't we just leave it alone? You are pitiful.”

It wasn't a voice full of emotion.

“Natasha, you are so strange.” As Harvits moved her steps, Natasha followed her with a precise stride.

"I'm weird?"

“Vulcan, Sumodo, Zeta. They're all funny guys, but you're a little different. What should I say?”

Harvits turned to her.

“You seem like a nice person.”

Should I call him a hoin?

“Your heart is also weak. Didn't you take revenge on the assailants who broke your back?"

Natasha propped up her head with both hands.

“What do you do with revenge? It’s not like I can dance again.” she emphasized, raising her index finger. "And I'm never a good person

there! How many humans have I killed so far?”

"That's right."

Harvits tapped the bodies with his foot to see if there were any survivors left.

“That is why it is strange. You are killing countless humans... …

A man was lying under a wooden plank.

“On the other hand, if you were on the human side, everyone would have liked you. And he must have saved many people against me.” That's what it feels like.

“Hmm.”

Natasha frowned in thought.

“What does that matter? Anyway, I'm going with you. And I have no intention of joining the other side.”

Havitz said, removing the wooden planks.

“I also enjoy playing with you. All I'm saying is, you can do whatever you want.”

“I am doing that.”

After the conversation, Havitz looked down at the man lying on the cold floor.

"wake up."

Like a lie, the man's body wriggled.

“Sal, please save me.”

Harbitz pulled out the longsword from his waist and immediately thrust it straight into the man's heart.

“Gagging!”

And looked into the dying man's eyes.

'Resignation. regret. resentment.'

The eyes that seemed to integrate a person's life into one.

'come.'

At the end of those eyes, an inexplicable feeling flared up for a split second.

'What is it?'

It was as if he was seeing the evaporation of life itself, something never seen in the eyes of a dead corpse.

Natasha asked.

“Why are you obsessed with that?”

“I’m just curious. I don't get tired of watching it over and over again. It's like an addiction. That's why I keep killing.”

Natasha wasn't particularly interested.

“If you want to kill more, let's go somewhere else. I don't think there are many survivors here.”

“Then go to the village… …

Where Havitz's finger pointed, instead of the village, there were people's figures.

When Natasha turned her head, more than 100 people were already surrounding her.

Those equipped with strange mechanisms, those wearing robes like wizards, and swarthy ones taking off their tops.

It was a community of immortals.

The sun had fallen and the sons-in-law were gloomy, but each prayer seemed to burn like the sun.

Three men and women walked out through the crowd of Eternals.

"what's the matter? what's the matter?"

He was clearly a different being from the other 100 people.

'It's a peculiar feeling.'

Natasha's point was not wrong in that she was an executive of the Ten Commandments who had lived for over 10,000 years.

Banishing, a Norse nihilist and ranked 5th in the Order of the Ten, asked, holding out a huge brush hanging from his back.

“What are you guys? Jive must have been destroyed already, so why are you hanging around here?”

“You don’t have to listen. Because I can take a look.”

Osirante, a woman from the Mecca tribe and ranked 8th in the Order of the Ten Commandments, saw an egg-sized drone.

Through augmented reality, Havitz's information surfaced.

"what? This guy, Gustav’s emperor.”

“Hoo?”

Kergo warrior, 6th rank of the Ten Commandments, this Tohka held up a thick sword.

“Emperor?”

Natasha's eyes lit up at the thorns of a hedgehog emanating from his body.

'It's strong.'

Body Engineer Itoka.

With a sword, he was the strongest warrior in Kergo who was said to surpass the ninth-ranked Baknyeo.

“It would make a nice booty. I never thought I would come to find a Buddha and meet such a big man.”

After Ankera disappeared, the leaders of the Tenrokai scattered all over the world.

Then, it was the current executives who gathered their will to find Nane and raise the world again.

Vanishing, the team leader, looked over the horizon.

'It's not easy to find since he's with Shura. I'm good at hiding from weak subjects.'

Havitz asked, twitching his mustache.

“Are you our enemies?”

Mecha technologist, Osirante, answered.

all.

“Emperor Gustav is the atrocity of the era. Not really an enemy, but not an ally either.”

“Then can’t I just let it go?” The Eternals burst into laughter.

“Puhahaha! what? I expected it because I was the head of hell, but if there are no demons, it's nothing, right?”

Harvits was calm.

“I don't want to fight for a while. I want to kill those who have lost their will to fight.”

I wanted to look into the last spark of life more.

“Is that so, you son of a bitch?” He was not a pacifist, but even to the Eternals, Havitz's misdeeds were repulsive.

“Hasn’t it been fun killing and killing all this time? Let's see if you can enjoy it even though you're being beaten.”

Harvits turned around.

“Natasha.”

"huh?"

“I’ll go first. This is annoying.” Natasha nodded her head.

"huh. Go first.”

The Eternals drew their weapons.

“Are you going to run away from your colleagues? Now that I see him, he's not the head of hell, he's a scumbag." Accusations poured in, but Havitz did not answer, and Natasha came into their sight.

“The Shinigami’s martial arts.”

Natasha, who moved to her seat, lifted her arms and bent her knees inward.

Just before her knees hit the ground, the skeleton incarnation floated 10 meters high and connected steel wires to her limbs.

“Incarnation?”

It's a high level, but basically it was the same as basic knowledge for the Eternals who lived more than 1,000 years.

“There is no need to waste time. kill.”

At the same time as the Kergo warriors fluttered, a cool light appeared in Natasha's eyes.

Shinigami's martial arts - a killing machine.

An afterimage of a doll dancing madly. “Aaaaaaa!”

Ignoring all the sounds that seemed like the world was going to end, Havitz just walked towards the village.

And finally, all sounds died away.

“Gagging!”

As Natasha's fist pierced the pit of the stomach, blood flowed back from O Sirante's mouth.

With that, the battle ends.

It took less than 4 minutes from start to finish.

'What the... …

The augmented reality data transmitted by the drone a while ago flickered in Osirante's retina.

Not having the opportunity to analyze Natasha's physical abilities was more regrettable than death.

'Isn't God crazy?'

How do you make something like this?

Obviously, it must be a creature created by a god madly, or not created by a god.

'In my opinion… …

Undecided, Osirante collapsed on the cold floor like the others.

“Whoa.”

Natasha wiped the sweat from her forehead with the back of her hand.

It was a short battle, but a radius of several hundred meters was turned into a mess as if it had been bombed.

“They are great guys.”

Judging from Natasha's experience, they were among the best in the world today.

'That's why I go when Habitz tells me to go.'

Excitement was everything.

“Havitz.”

Bouncing up like a spring on her foot, she caught up with Havitz.

"it's over?"

"huh. Killed them all.”

In Havitz's head, the only being defined as 'strong' was Natasha.

“I guess you weren’t happy.”

"What's the fun of fighting? It's hard and annoying. At least I can dance.”

Was the act of killing the three strongest people in the world nothing more than dancing under the moonlight for me, Tasha?

“Then when are you happy?” Natasha, lost in her thoughts as she gazed at the full moon, turned her head to Havitz.

“How about Harvits? Are you glad I killed them?”

“It’s fun. Winning is fun.” Natasha smiled contentedly.

"Then I'm happy too."

Harvits blinked.

“You are such a strange child.”

All of Gustav's four skills were strange, but Natasha's temperament was a little different.

It must be because, unlike the other friends, there is no particular reason for her to be 'Havitz'.

"It's all burnt here too."

The two entered the village and looked around at the scene that had already turned into ruins.

Havitz, who was excited about killing the survivors, saw a moment of disappointment in his eyes.

“You are doing too much. No matter how many of my subordinates you kill all of them without leaving one.”

Shouldn't we leave something to enjoy?

Just as I was thinking about that, I heard the cry of a newborn child wafting through the night air.

'Survivors!'

The two met eyes and ran to an old shack that was almost collapsing.

“Did only the child live?”

As Harvits spoke, the crying of the child in the shack stopped.

“Hmm.”

Harvitz pushed his foot under the door, and the smell of rot stung his nostrils as it opened.

Under the moonlight streaming down through the shingle roof, a fat woman was breastfeeding her baby. The ragged teeth of her snub-nosed protruded out of her lips, and her eyes were her face slit.

“Are you here to kill me?”

Harvits went into the house.

"okay."

"wait. Feed the baby some milk.”

Harvits waited.

A woman breastfeeding her baby raised her head.

“And if you kill me, you will take this child and raise it. Otherwise, you will starve to death.”

Harvits examined the child's face.

“Is it your child?”

≪Uh huh?

"My father?"

"I don't know. This is a very poor village. I sold myself to mercenaries for a piece of bread. One of them must be Abbie. Is he dead or alive... …

“You eat well.”

Harvits put the sword down on the floor and crawled to the child the woman was carrying.

The breath of the child sucking desperately sounded like it was out of breath.

“Is it that delicious?”

The woman asked as she watched Havitz eat without blinking.

“Would you like to try it too?”

Harvitz's gaze went up.

" me too?"

“Because I have two breasts. If you want to eat, eat. Give me some bread instead. Do you have any bread?”

Harvits nodded.

As I waited on my stomach like an animal, the woman turned her hips and pushed the other breast out to Havitz.

"ruler. Come this way."

Havitz, who was staring at the fetid woman's breasts, pursed his lips and closed his eyes.

side. side.

As the sucking sound intensified, Havitz's eyelids began to quiver.

'life.'

It is connected.

side. side.

Natasha watched in silence as the two children were buried in the woman's breasts.