[358] Magic Association (4)

Sirone was out of breath and couldn't reply. He had been watching the situation from afar, but when the situation became urgent, he was on the verge of running with all his might.

“What are you going to do if you just kill someone? Even if you don't know what's going on, you can solve it through conversation."

"what? kill people? How dare you disparage the cause of the revolution as murder!”

Arya recognized Sirone's face. He was the boy he had a crush on in the wagon a few days before. But there was no time to think about it now.

Covered with tears and runny nose, she begged Sirone, her only hope.

"Help me! Please save me!”

"shut up! The revolution has already begun!”

When the crew put a scythe around Aria's neck, Sirone, who became desperate, instantly showed his wits. he shouted as he held out his hand with the iron box strapped to his side.

"for a moment! Then take me hostage!”

Before the scythe pierced his throat, the agent's hand stopped.

I trained for three years to complete the cause, but this was an unheard-of situation. Who would lay down their life for a stranger?

“Take you hostage?”

Sirone took out the magic association employee card from her inner pocket. Then he held out a picture of Fleur, covering it with his thumb.

“As you can see, I am an employee of the Magic Association. Taking me hostage would be much more effective than civilians.”

The crew finally saw through the boy's plan.

Now that I see it, it was a ploy to buy time. Not only had I never seen the Magic Association employee card, but it was impossible to check it here.

"joy! Are you an employee of the Magic Association? A kid like you? Do you think I would believe that?”

At that time, the terrorist, who was watching Sirone carefully in front of the window, spoke.

“Hey, bring that guy.”

Everyone in the Gold Tower looked at him. He couldn't see his expression because it was covered by his hood, but he could tell from the atmosphere that everyone was suspicious.

“Chief, do you really believe what he said?”

“Trust me, you are an employee of the Magic Association. I've already checked with Akim Company. If an employee of the Magic Association is held hostage, it will be much easier to carry out our demands.”

One of the crew reported through the window. It was the captain's words, so there was no need to doubt it.

“Hey, the captain said so. Bring him in.”

The scythe holding a scythe kicked her tongue and violently threw Aria backwards. Then, pointing at Sirone with her scythe, he whipped her wrist like a scrape.

"good. walk slowly this way If you do nonsense, I will kill all the hostages here.”

"I know it too. That's what makes you a hostage.”

Sirone set the metal box down on the floor to avoid arousing any suspicion. Then the scythe-wielding crew member asked nervously as well as nervously.

"for a moment. what is that?”

“This is an item I bought at the alchemy shop.”

As the crew turned around to check, the captain was lost in thought. He couldn't see it, but he was certain he had stopped by the store to buy something.

“It will be right. Bring that too.”

The Black Revolutionary Corps does not need currency. A bundle is only enough to buy an apple in the black market.

But things were different. Especially if it was an item ordered from the Magic Association, it could definitely be exchanged for a considerable amount of weapons.

“Hey, put that over your head and come over here.”

Sirone held the iron box with both hands and walked towards the Gold Tower.

When I crossed the entrance, I was surrounded by three members at the same time. One stole the box and the other tied Sirone's hands behind her back. The other knelt down and put a greatsword around his neck.

“Stay calm. If you resist, I will kill you.”

Sirone looked around without even answering.

The hostages were grouped together and guarded by three terrorists. Only Arya broke away from the crowd and fell on her knees next to Sirone.

Realizing that she had finally lived, Arya looked at Sirone, who had saved her, with various emotions. She was sorry, and the fact that she was an employee of the Magic Association was surprising.

“Are you a wizard?”

Sirone did not look back and had a bitter smile. Even though she was a wizard, she couldn't enter the Spirit Zone because the magic control device was activated inside the Gold Tower.

'I didn't expect the Magic Control Device to be turned on. Well, it would be natural for Korea Exchange Bank. But how did these people infiltrate?'

Sirone glanced sideways at the huge hole in the Gold Tower's floor. He wondered if he had dug a hole in the ground. It was not an accidental crime, as it would have taken several months.

'This might be dangerous.'

While Sirone was lost in thought, a terrorist with a flail approached. Even though he was wearing a robe, he couldn't hide his massive size.

“Hehe, the magic association I hate the most in the world is coming. How am I going to do this?”

It was a low voice beyond common sense. No matter how clear the pronunciation was, it felt dull.

The terrorist crouched down and grabbed Sirone's chin with his huge hand. It was rough skin like a tree.

As he turned Sirone's face left and right, he remembered a good idea and took out a dagger from his bosom.

“Yeah, this would be fun. Hey, girl.”

Arya looked at the terrorist with anxious eyes. She doesn't know why, but when she goes home, she never calls me to study hard.

The terrorist swung the dagger swiftly in his huge hand. Then he grabbed the blade with his fingers and held out his handle.

“I am very grateful to the person who saved your life. it is not so?"

“Yes, it is.”

“Then give me a knife in return. Thighs are good.”

A look of astonishment filled the woman's eyes. Her face turned white and her chin trembled.

"yes? uh, how... … .”

Even if I just stab someone, I would be scared to death, but I couldn't do anything to hurt the person who became a hostage to save myself.

A terrorist with a double ax approached, showing interest.

“Kyakyakya! that would be nice Hey, do it fast! Otherwise, I will kill you first!”

It was a high-pitched and low-pitched voice that overlapped at the same time.

Surprised by the word killing, Arya accepted the dagger. But she couldn't bear to stab Sirone's thigh.

“Hoo? As expected, the staff of the Magic Association are different. Seeing that even in this situation, not a single expression on his face has changed.”

Sirone stared at the front calmly.

The reaction here only made the terrorists feel better. Of course, being stabbed will hurt, but that's just a future thing that hasn't come yet.

At the words of the crew member, Aria raised her head and looked at Sirone. Guilt-relieving words came out of his mouth, which was still facing forward with a nonchalant expression.

"I'm OK. Guard yourself.”

The officer with a flail could not stand it and shouted.

"do it faster! Poke! Before I smash your head!”

As the flail was lifted into the air, Arya reached out to Sirone's thigh with tears streaming down her face.

“Mi, I’m sorry… … sorry."

The upside down dagger trembled. I couldn't even imagine what it would feel like to have a sharp piece of metal pierce my flesh.

Arya sobbed and placed the tip of the dagger on Sirone's thigh.

Even then, Sirone's expression did not change. I won't kill you anyway. Because you are their most valuable hostage.

“You are surrounded! You are surrounded! Release the hostages immediately and raise the white flag! If you don't comply with the order, I will wipe it out completely!”

The heads of the terrorists all turned toward the window. All of a sudden, the Tormia anti-terrorist squad set up a barricade and surrounded the Gold Tower.

The emergency riot squad of prosecutors, the special riot squad of magicians, the explosives dismantling squad made up of alchemists, and even the sniper squad made up of gunners were on the scene.

The terrorist with a flail spat out curse words when the opportunity to make fun of the heinous Magic Association flew by. He was so low-pitched that I couldn't hear him. No, maybe he didn't even know what a human language was.

There is nothing more important than the revolutionary cause to the Black Revolutionary Corps. Caught up in his emotions, the crew grabbed Sirone by the back of the belt and walked to the window with his legs afloat with strong force.

“We are the Black Revolution! If we don't release Vice-Captain Kanimar and his comrades right now, the hostages will die! I will execute one person every 10 minutes!”

The anti-terrorist squad did not even raise an eyebrow. If you accept the demand here, you will have to accept a bigger demand in the future.

However, it was impossible to sacrifice the hostages. Even high-ranking nobles among the hostages held in the Gold Tower could cause political problems.

“Damn you kids! If you want to die, you will die alone!”

The anti-terrorist squad leader glared at the terrorist and bit his teeth. In the end, there was no choice but to suppress it, but the key was when to minimize the damage.

It could be right now, or it could be five minutes from now. How much more time he gave them was entirely his burden.

Then, a roaring sound was heard, and a woman holding a long magic wand landed.

Fleur, who flew straight from the Magic Association, analyzed the situation upon arrival.

'Once the anti-terrorist team arrived, all the citizens escaped. But the child... … ?'

It was not far from the alchemy shop, so it was normal to keep an eye on the situation nearby. However, no matter how much I looked around, I couldn't find Sirone.

'What, you're not here? Do you really run away anyway? Well, good thing for me... … .'

Flew's gaze stopped at the main gate of the Gold Tower. Seeing Sirone caught in the hands of the terrorist with a liberated expression, his eyes widened and his jaw dropped as if he were going to fall.

“What are you doing over there! Fool!”

The anti-terrorist squad looked back at the evil basket that had sprung out without their knowledge.

"ah… … .”

The class president frowned and asked.

“What are you? Seeing that you moved through space, is it a wizard?"

Flew, who came to his senses, walked confidently. It was not included in the number of cooperating people, but anyway, this place was also under the jurisdiction of the Magic Association, so it had authority.

“My name is Fleur, the head of the Magic Association’s security department. How is the current situation... … huh?"

Flew, who had been groping for his chest, looked down with a puzzled expression. He obviously didn't have the employee ID that should have hung around his neck.

Realizing it belatedly, she stuck out her tongue with a painful expression.

'Oops, I gave it to that guy.'

The class president stared at Fleur, whose expression changed every second . If she hadn't flown through space, she would have just thought she was a local crazy girl.

“The Magic Association’s security chief? But why did you come here? The riot squad has already been packed.”

“Oh, hey, that… … I was wondering if there was anything I could help with... … .”

Flew's voice was quieter than before, intimidated by the fact that he didn't have a license. Either that or not, the class president looked back at the front as if it was annoying.

“Go back. We have enough troops to subdue them. The problem is the hostages.”

Flew also knew because it was not the first time the scene of terrorism had occurred.

The reason why it is difficult to wipe out terrorists is that they use unspecified numbers of weak people as their shield.

However, even from her point of view, she could not leave the place without leaving Sirone behind.

'The more I think about it, the more I get annoyed. What were you thinking about getting caught by a terrorist? Even magic doesn't work there.'

For a moment, Fleur's eyes lit up.

'Wait, magic?'

Maybe Sirone's capture could be an opportunity.

Flew, thinking of a hopeful strategy, ran through the anti-terrorist unit and reached the class president.

“Hey, Captain! Captain!”

The class president sighed and looked back.

“What else? We are busy.”

"there is! There is a way to save the hostages!”

---------------------------------------