[99] Infinity (3)

'Like an idiot... … really stupid... … !'

He came to me first, and I gave him coffee, but he threw away his hand coldly. Amy closed her eyes tightly as if turning away from the scenes dotted with her regret. She and with all her might she shouted & nbsp;

“Sirone!”

Sirone smiled. It was fortunate that Amy had her memories back. At least for the last moment, she is able to leave as a sirone who remains in someone's memory.

“Thank you, Amy.”

Sirone's tears fell on Amy's cheeks. 

'Why are you crying, Sirone?'

Amy was anxious. Something went wrong. Then, the moment she saw the will to live slowly slipping out of Shirone's eyes, she realized.

“Sirone! no!"

"Sorry. I couldn’t keep my promise.”

Sirone embraced Amy and fully opened her immortal function. As consciousness expanded to infinity, the ego began to fade like water.

'Hello everyone… … .'

Father, mother, members of the Ogent family, and friends at school. Shirone could laugh because she was loved by so many people. A huge light flooded the bottom of the cliff. Falling students, Iruki, Nade, and even Sade were swept away by the brilliance and disappeared.

The next moment, a huge flash of light shot up vertically. 

It was a mass teleport that moved as many as 400 people at the same time.

'Ah, that's right.'

Lying on the ground, Arcane watched as the flash of light soared over the cliff and dispersed in dozens of directions. It was only at the last moment that I was convinced. where she was And what a wonderful life she had.

'It's a playground that I regret playing for the rest of my life. Isn't that right, Alfeas?'

The legendary archmage who dominated the world passed away like that. 

“Master?”

Canis was dazed in front of Arcane's corpse. Wasn't he still a disciple? But he left without even leaving a will, doing what he wanted to do until the end.

“Was it really nothing? Were we just tools?”

Canis ran to Arcane and shook her collar. 

"wake up! How could this be! I'd rather die! Why are you leaving me alone!”

Arin approached Canis with sad eyes. His reflection in menarche was the shape of a man made of liquid like sludge. The shape did not stay still for a moment, spreading like a liquid and rising again in the form of a human being.

“No, Canis. I didn't die because of you. That person took advantage of us. The villain of the world.”

“Hehe, what’s wrong? It looks like you've realized it now."

Harvest said in a muffled voice.

“Yes, Canis. everything died because of you Arcane, I will die, and someday Arin will die too.”

Arin, who was glaring at Harvest, hurriedly turned to Canis. As expected, she was shocked, and as the human form collapsed, she was released into muddy water and stuck to the floor.

"why? What did I do? Living in Radum? Is it because you are an unlucky child?”

“Because I am weak.”

Harvest's conclusion was simple.

“How long are you going to live hoping that others will notice you? There is no such thing as saying that you have to live like this, or that you have to die like this. Arcane just lived his own life.”

Arcane sacrificed his life in exchange for his evil beliefs. Harvest fulfilled the contract as a magical creature, even choosing to self-destruct.

'I am… … What did you want to die for?'

couldn't find anything Blindfolded, she was nothing more than a wildling colt. It was a life made up of all kinds of shells.

“Like Master… … .”

“Yes, and like that boy.”

Sirone was lying in the middle of the 400 students. He said he wouldn't hurt anyone. And he stood by his convictions to the end.

Canis approached Harvest and checked his condition.

“How are you?”

“If you ask me, I will die. Because if you don't parasitize life, you can't live.”

Arin said.

“All you have to do is sign a master/servant contract with me. Canis will not be able to hold on because her mental strength is exhausted."

Harvest shook his head.

"I'm sorry, but that's not possible."

"what? why? It will perish at this rate!”

“Because my master is Canis.”

Harvest's words pierced Canis' chest. It was time for him to raise the banner of his convictions. Will I be able to survive? Either way, both would die.

“Harvest. I will accept you as a vassal. But I will not forgive you for betraying me twice.”

“Quack. You know. master."

“Canis! It's too dangerous! If it goes wrong... … !”

Arin stopped talking. As the mud soaked into the shape of Canis, which was made of liquid, it was becoming hard. Will he one day be able to gain an unshakable heart? Like the look of Sirone she looked up to with her menarche.

Canis put her hand on Harvest. As the subordination contract progressed, Harvest began to suck up what little life force was left. His eyes closed as his consciousness fell into darkness.

Away from Canis and the others, Alpheas stood sadly. He saved the students by dying, but he lost too much.

"principal."

Ethella was of the same mind. Starting today, there will be big changes in the magic school. The students who have regained their memories will fall into confusion, and the mistake Alpheas made 40 years ago will also come to the surface.

“Ethella, I am a sinner.”

“Don't beat yourself up too much. If even mistakes are unacceptable, human existence itself is a sin.”

Alpheas shook his head. Anyone can make mistakes. But with everything comes responsibility. Like Arcane, he had no intention of running away.

“He is the one who raised dark magic to the ranks of great magic. Harvest can be said to be an innovation in the field of memory transfer. Abyss Nova will be registered as a prescribed magic in the Magic Association.”

In front of Arcane's corpse, Alpheas put his hands together and mourned his death.

“Arcane, the Archmage who was always a boy. The magical path you have walked will be passed on to posterity.”

Alpheas opened his eyes and looked relieved. Ethella, on the other hand, was still worried. It was an incident in which the lives of all students were threatened, so it was not a problem to be dealt with within the school.

“Principal, what do you plan to do next?”

“What can I say? I am also in a position to wait for treatment. Why don't we leave the matter of punishment to the experts and praise the hero of the day instead?”

Alpheas looked around to find Sirone. He was a boy with a knack for surprising people the more he looked. He couldn't guarantee that even he could move 400 people at the same time.

“I’m in trouble!”

Where Sirone fell, Amy was weeping. 

Feeling the unusual atmosphere, Alpheas and Ethella hurried their steps. Iruki and Nade were running from afar. 

But before they even arrived, Amy shouted first.

“Sirone is not breathing!”

Meet God (1)

Syrone has spread enormously and also faded. He was permeating everything, forgetting even the lingering attachment to the world. Then some powerful force pulled him to a point. If there is more to humans than life, it is safe to call it the hijacking of the soul.

"omg! omg!"

As Sirone's mind was reassembled, her memories before attempting the Immortal Function came back. Trembling for a moment at the fear of his death, he let out a rough breath and checked his body condition. He seemed to have no special abnormalities except that he was not wearing any clothes.

“Where are you?”

It was a space full of white. I couldn't feel the distance in this place where the monochromatic scenery was infinitely spread out. I tried to move slowly, but I didn't even think I was moving.

'It's very strange. It feels like all five senses are paralyzed.'

Sirone suddenly came up with a unique idea. As an experiment, he slowly bent his knees and stepped on the soles of his feet as if he were going up a flight of stairs. Surprisingly, his body floated.

"what?"

Sirone endlessly climbed the stairs. Pausing for a moment and looking around him, he was speechless.

“… … .”

I didn't feel like I was up there. Wherever I moved, it was just the same white scenery as before.

“There is no distance.”

Space cannot exist if it cannot be measured. Sirone went down this time to confirm the hypothesis. The prediction was correct. No matter where it moved, it didn't move.

When I couldn't find the meaning to move anymore, I heard a woman's voice.

"awesome. Do you understand the meaning of space? You deserve to be here too.”

Sirone did not look back. There was no concept of direction anyway.

“Who are you? Am I dead?”

A beautiful woman stepped out of a gap in the white landscape. When the sense of distance arose, the scenery changed in an instant. A gigantic temple he had never seen before was looking down on Sirone as if it would crush him.

"wow… … .”

It was on an unimaginable scale. Even ancient temples were not so large. Hundreds of pillars supported the ceiling, each about two kilometers tall.

“Here is… … .”

“Nice to meet you, Sirone. I was waiting for you.”

It was a woman with aqua-colored hair that reached her ankles. Since Sirone was born, she has never seen such a beautiful woman. It wasn't about her looks. value of existence. Her value here was absolute, just as the man she fell in love with felt that her lover was the most beautiful in her world.

“Oops!”

Sirone hurriedly covered her eyes. Unaware of his nakedness, he proudly exposed his body.

“Whoops. You have nothing to be ashamed of. Because this isn't your world. Your body is still in the original world.”

The clothes were instantly put on by the woman waving her hand. Sirone stared blankly at her own figure until she finally gave up. There was only one thing that immediately came to mind.

“Is this the underworld?”

"no. The underworld is not. It’s just a spot (dot) different from where you used to live.”

Sirone tilted her head. A point is one dimension without space. A point moves to become a line, a line moves to become a plane, and a plane moves to become a three-dimensional space.

"no way… … ?”

Sirone recalled the white space where he stayed a while ago. 

"that's right. that's the spot. It is not that there is no space, but that it is compressed to infinity.”

According to her words, it was natural that she couldn't feel the distance. But even though she is trapped in 1D, her own body is 3D. If she could measure the distance between her right and left arms, wouldn't space exist?

"aha. It means that there is a third dimension in the first dimension.”

“Your insight is great, too. that's right. That is the essence of space-time. No matter how huge the world is, it's just a dot when you see it from a distance. Conversely, if you go inside, no matter how small a dot, an infinite world is unfolding.”

Sirone was finally able to calm down. In a world where logical conversation was possible, there was no need to be afraid, even in the afterlife.

“Then who are you?”

The woman laughed like an idiot. It felt eerie, but even that was beautiful to Sirone. Because she is the most valuable being right here.

“I am a god.”

* * *

Magic school was in a state of confusion. 

It took 8 full hours just to collect Arcane's body and return the students to their lodgings. 

The students were still lying in their rooms with their memories blocked. When the teachers regain their memories, the work will gain momentum, but thinking about the commotion that will happen when all the students wake up makes my bones ache.

To make matters worse, Kanis and Arin, the suspects in the case, disappeared, so Nade, Iruki, and Amy were the only ones taking care of Sirone, who eventually moved to the infirmary.

In fact, the word caring didn't fit. Sirone wasn't breathing and his heart stopped. But he never put the word death in his mouth.

---------------------------------------