Great convocation of the ivory tower (2)

The Habits army left Benaford and continued to advance toward the capital of Western Jin and Kashan.

It was a smooth procession, but the expression of the Balkan sitting in the military seat was meaningful.

The two dice kept spinning in his hand, and his eyes were indifferent to external stimuli.

“What are you thinking?” Natasha asked, but there was no answer.

'12 came out four times in a row.' Vulcan opened his mouth.

“Do you think Harvits received preferential treatment?”

Sumodo and Zetaro expressed interest in whether there was something to understand from his words.

“You mean the dice game last night?”

"okay. It's not magic or trickery. Havitz almost died yesterday with a high probability.”

Sumodo said.

“Maybe the world still wants to keep him alive.”

“No, rather the opposite.”

Balkan thought differently.

“The world doesn't particularly care about anyone. It's a foolish way of thinking if you were chosen because the same number came out several times on the dice. There are even lower odds than that. The odds of a single sperm fertilizing an egg are one in billions. But that doesn't mean we're chosen.”

Zetaro grasped the point.

“I feel like I was chosen because the result came out like that.”

“If you think about it, Harvits has always been like that. So let's reverse the thinking. Harvits is not lucky, but because he is still alive, Harvits is justice.

It will work.”

Sumodo said.

"It's not like a miracle." Vulcan nodded.

“Havitz could have died yesterday. And if he's dead, we're not even thinking about it now. Just like that, the history of Harvits would end. But he lived, and he created a story that would later become part of a legend.”

Sumodo, who was lost in thought, asked.

“Time is... … What is it?”

“The law that advances this world. Therefore, those who are bound by the law can never turn back. Of course, I’ve heard that the Five Great Stars of the Ivory Tower destroy time.”

Vulcan followed the explanation.

“I don’t know if it has already been decided. In the end, the question we need to think about is whether Havitz still exists at the end of time.”

Natasha asked.

“How do you know?”

“Nobody can tell. It may be the result of passing a few dramatic hurdles and dying in vain... …

Havitz became Satan.

“Perfect chaos. Beings outside the law cannot be killed by using any phenomenon in this world. It's a miracle, but it's not like a shield or something suddenly appears. We have already reached that result.”

“Are you saying that stopping <Slaughter> and playing yesterday’s dice are nothing more than advancing the events that were set in the first place?”

"okay. It can be said to be a kind of apostasy in that it is outside the law. He has an army of hell under his command, but there are many strong people even among humans. Especially crowded in the ivory tower. But we know the future of Havitz.”

never die

“No matter what happens, no matter what stupid and heinous gambles he takes, Harvits will not die. What Havitz has is not brute force, but the unchanging future itself. We should make full use of this. And if my hypothesis is true... …

Vulcan looked over the horizon.

“We will win this war.”

Twelve Mini, a 2-star resident of the Ivory Tower, found the 400th floor where Sirone was resting.

Normally, he maintains a small body shape that can fit in the palm of his hand, but today he maintained a normal proportion.

With glossy black hair and a neat suit, her expression was different from usual.

“The ivory tower muster. I am first.” The biggest meeting where all the major figures of the Ivory Tower gather under the direction of Taeseong.

As far as Mini knows, the last great meeting was right after the 20 judges had gone into the dimensional wall of Miro.

said a woman with curly blonde hair tied back, walking beside Minnie.

It was Minnie's satellite Ariana.

“I have heard from Mr. Araka. I heard that the power struggle was fierce in the five departments at the time.”

It wasn't that fierce, but the ivory tower almost collapsed.

“It is quite predictable. Those who received the title of star are all single-minded. In the case of Borbor, strictly speaking, he is a single-minded person who is not a single-minded person.”

Ariana propped her head with both hands.

“That's why it's annoying. A gathering of all the stars. Even to the satellite. He said it wouldn't be strange if the ivory tower were turned upside down. What is Taeseong thinking?"

“That's not to say the situation isn't good. Anyway, we also have to assist Mr. Sirone so that other departments do not overwhelm him.” Ariana snorted her snort.

“Hey, you said you were twenty-two? I honestly don't understand. How do you become the Five Stars of the Ivory Tower as soon as you graduate from magic school? If it's Mr. Mahagaruta, my predecessor, I'll admit it, but... …

Minnie paid attention.

“Ariana, this is the honor of the United Space Management Department. And Maha is as great as Mr. Ruta. He said he was the one who single-handedly stopped Nane.”

“I know that you are one of the four superhumans of the law. But Fraternity, do you think that is what the world needs right now?”

“There must be a problem we can’t deal with. For example, operating at the limit of the law... …

Ariana was impatient.

“Oh, I don’t know. I'm here because I like playing 'fair' with you. If it's no big deal, I'll blow it up with a drop kick. Then tag you and hit the ground with a double black backdrop, hee hee hee.”

She was a good enough woman.

“Besides, this makes me feel bad. The other departments are busy with the call-up orders, and you even have to pick them up, don't they? You just received the title of a star, aren’t you being too arrogant?”

Mini was also suspicious about that.

"I'm not that kind of person, what's going on?"

I arrived at Sirone's house, but I didn't even feel the usual presence at the door.

“Isn’t it? I told you to go here.” When she knocked and got no response, Minnie opened the door and entered, exchanging glances with Ariana.

“Excuse me… …

The moment she saw the sight in front of her eyes, her face turned pale.

“Oh Dae-sung!”

Tears of blood flowed endlessly from the eyes of Sirone standing in the middle of the floor.

While the floor was covered with blood, Minnie hurriedly moved on.

“Sirone! How did this happen?”

Sirone didn't answer.

He was just clenching his fists and staring terribly forward with red eyes.

"Sirone-san... … !”

The time when he was about to touch Sirone. said Ariana.

"stop. Leave it alone."

“But if you leave it like this, it will bleed… …

"calm down. Come over here and take a closer look.”

At Ariana's words, Minnie slowly backed away.

Holy radiance dripped down like water droplets from Sirone's body.

“It’s purifying.”

“Purification? what?"

"anger. I’m trying to get rid of even the smallest bit of anger that resides deep inside me.”

Minnie shook her head.

“He is a cool enough person. Now that you have reached the level of philanthropy, what is there to be angry about?”

"That's why you go through this miserable process."

Ariana looked down at the pool of blood on the floor.

“Even if you are a superhuman, you are still human. There are people I love, and there are things I want to do. Sacrificing for the world? It is the most distant feeling from humans.”

“… … How long have you been like this?”

It was a week ago that the order for a large convocation was issued, so at least it had to be seen that he was possessed by anguish longer than that.

“I guess you can’t hear anything.”

“I lost my temper in anger. I am purifying it to the realm of Yahweh, but if I fail, I will die.”

“Then you have to live!”

“But if I could come back, I would enter a completely different realm from the current Yahweh.”

Minnie shut her mouth.

“I heard that the <Slaughter> project failed. Might be responsible for that. Or, it could be the horror of those who couldn’t protect their loved ones in a world facing catastrophe.”

“I heard you have a lover.”

“The reason I was able to accept the idea of ​​fraternity was because of the hope that I could win. But when hope disappears, I have doubts about why only I have to suffer like this. They are consumed by the wrath of cowardice and destroy themselves.”

“In other words, there is no hope.”

There is no way to overcome the atrocities.

It was said that the upper layers of the ivory tower also guessed the concept of the fixed and unchanging future that Balkan had talked about.

“It must be in line with this great convocation. I'm still trying to fight. To become stronger.”

“What purifies anger?”

“When you realize with your head and act, human beings

is undefined. But the heart is different. I'm going to go beyond the realm and really become Yahweh. And at that point, Ariana got to the point.

“It can be said that it is the Five Stars we respect.”

Mini looked at Sirone with a pitiful expression.

' please.'

The blood, the pain, and the flowing brilliance were the tears flowing from Sirone's heart.

how much time has passed

The spheres of light that flowed down from Sirone's head began to unravel.

"what?"

And finally, it poured down all over his body, covering his body with a bright glow.

'Ah, that's right.'

The color of the blood flowing from his eyes gradually became transparent and changed to tears.

'This world is not beautiful.'

Anyone who says it's beautiful is just throwing the dice well and getting a high number.

But even that was nothing more than an occasional stroke of luck on a ruthless gambling table.

'Now I know, it's me.'

I am defeated by Gaold.

The reason why he allowed all beings to abdicate until he let go of Buddha.

'You don't live because you're beautiful. To make it beautiful.'

if that's really possible.

It meant that if you believe that you can realize your ideals in this hellish world, you should break the rules and go to the end.

'That's why we fight.'

Accept Nane's enlightenment and go to a higher level.

Everyone is suffering anyway, so even separating you and me is meaningless.

'All things are integrated.'

just one universe.

As if burning the body, a light filled with love and mercy rose from Sirone's entire body.

“Oh, Daesung Oh… …

Minnie and Ariana took a step back.

As the rage of cowardice dissipated in an instant, Sirone's eyes flashed open.

Beyond belief in love, as an existence that permeates love.

“I can fight now.”

It was only a small change, but the size of the heart that Sirone had to move would approach the universe.

Ariana raised an eyebrow.

“It exceeded.”

There was no agony to be found in Sirone's appearance, where Yahweh's light rose like a haze.

“Whoa.”

After finally finishing the long meditation, Sirone took a deep breath and looked around calmly.

"what?"

Two women dressed neatly in black suits were looking at them.

'Who is it?'

The blonde is new to him, but the dark-haired woman is familiar.

"mini? What are you doing here?”

A cute little girl who likes to wrestle and makes sexual jokes without hesitation.

'The atmosphere is completely different.'

But for today, she had a normal proportion and even wore a suit.

'Something happened.'

said Minnie.

“I didn’t hear either. There is a big gathering. Oh, and this is my satellite. Say hello.”

Nervous about being rude, Ariana politely bowed her head.

“It is an honor to meet you. My name is Ariana, the satellite of the 2-star Mini.”

Minnie let out a sigh of relief.