Cheolgeuk (2)

A shabby room in an underground facility.

While Iruki was writing numbers on the now precious piece of paper, Dorothy brought tea.

"drink."

Other survivors couldn't even taste it, but it was actually just boiled common grass.

≪Uh 99

Iruki, who was soothed by the hot tea energy, sighed and put down the pen.

“This is a serious situation.”

"well. Saying it's serious sounds like a joke.”

Literally, humanity is destroyed.

Rather, it should be comfortable inside, but Iruki couldn't let go of his mind.

“Is there any way to contact the ground forces?” Jin Seong-eum evacuated everyone with all his might, but there were those who remained voluntarily.

“You know, the moment you go up, you die. They take it and remain.”

Iruki looked down at the documents.

'Those who remained on the ground.'

The information system was collected and mobilized, but it would not be accurate.

However, it was quite a large number, and Iruki quickly picked out the key figures among them.

'Ikael. Ashur. Wizard. Yoojeong Son. Kira. Eden. and… …

Adrias Miro.

'A confrontation between good and evil. Miro's escape means that evil will win in the end... …

Iruki asked.

“How is Mr. Gaold?”

“It sounds like you've calmed down a bit now. Of course, no one can touch it.”

"Right."

Iruki buried his face in his hands and thought.

'Can I hold on?'

According to the information, the ground was no longer an environment in which living things could live.

The clock is zeroed in a dust storm caused by buildings all over the world collapsing into dust.

Havitz's death field would burn the earth at high speed, and demons would roam around in search of survivors.

“It’s not safe here either.”

“Even if it’s an underground facility, it’s underground in reality. If the foil is completely burned, there will be a passage here too.”

Iruki nodded.

“A cell burst above all else.”

According to Singh, the time when the power of Taegeuk was broken was at most 12 hours.

Dorothy asked.

“Can I stop it? It’s the most extreme code you can perform in the outside world.”

“I have to stop it.”

Iruki stood up from his seat.

“I can't rely on Sirone. For the first time in my life, I am going into battle for myself.”

As a friend, I want to do something for you.

“The place we lean on… …

The door opens.

“Guy Taruman.”

Robberansteen and Tyra Lynn were waiting.

Where the survivors gathered in a circle, entertainers held a small concert.

Raina's piano melody and Maya and El Qiana's singing voices harmonized beautifully.

Raido, Cayden, and the other soldiers were able to forget the reality for this moment.

When the performance was over, someone said.

"bravo."

“Mr. Panier.”

The once most famous musician in the world was now clapping with people.

El Qiana asked.

“Where have you been? I heard that a famous entertainer came, do you know?”

“Of course you know. Because the guitarist I talked about earlier is that guy. Robberanstin.”

Maya took an interest.

“The one who insisted on his music until the end? But why don't you come here? I want to hear it.”

"I'm not trying to do music."

"then?"

Panier was troubled.

I heard about it roughly from Fermi, but it was still unbelievable.

'Mado 7 girl.'

As he sat down, the entertainers gathered.

“Artists are sensitive to the word lazy. In fact, people like us, unless we pretend to do something every day, we look no different than unemployed people.”

Survivors laughed and listened.

“When I saw him, he would always sit idly by and think, then he would play a few words and then he would think again. A tantrum erupted and he hit it off a little too hard. He wrote a song every day and told me to bring it. He said that if he broke it, he would have no contract and no support.”

El Qiana asked.

“So did you write it?”

"of course. It's pretty great too.” “I felt good. Because my prediction was right. If you can make that lazy musician diligent, you can succeed. So I took the whip more, more, more. Then one day, he suddenly stopped writing songs. It didn't even appear in front of me. Not disappointed. To be honest... …

I'm sorry.

“It was a forced march. The moment I entered the studio, hundreds of sheets of sheet music were sprayed on my face and I screamed. Half mad.”

Panier looked back at the crowd.

“I am not trying to say that it is okay for an artist to be lazy or that one must be diligent to succeed. What I am saying is that the common sense we have agreed upon can be sadistic enough to scar the soul when applied to an individual.”

You should have respected yourself.

“He must have fought alone. Me, the world, and people's eyes. He did what I asked every day to prove he was right. Now that I think about it, why should I? Couldn't we just give a person who loves the guitar the freedom to fail? Couldn't he have left him to protect even his own soul?” Panier confessed.

“And now, the Roberansteen I spoke of is dead. The one who came here now is Kitaru Man, the murderer of the 7 Madou Girls. Even in that unfortunate past, he committed some ridiculous crimes. There is no room for sympathy. but… …

Did you really have to fight this far?

“I don’t think that guy will sympathize with the world that has come to this point… …

The voice faded.

"That's just a little bit sad."

Sirone asked. “A fight for me?” "okay." Does it mean that he, who has already lost everything, still has something to fight for?

said Fermi.

“When I first mined future information in Apocalypse, I was just thinking of using it. you did a good job After all, Omega ended according to God's results.”

Sirone was speechless.

“That is how the world perishes. good so far But in fact we knew the world would end. I protected the future even while controlling the information to you.”

“Why?”

It was time to throw back the questions we had in the room.

“Because that can be changed.” “I felt out of place. We mined future destruction from Apocalypse. It belongs to someone who does not exist in the present, who must have been born in the future. In other words, all causes must be supported for any result to come out. then… …

Fermi raised his index finger.

“In the future world of the last apocalypse you went to, who left the records stored in the core?”

“Is that??????

Sirone's eyes blinked.

"okay. god is not God is only the pure result itself. God can't record the past. Because someone recorded the past, there is a future containing that past.”

"Who is it?"

Sirone asked.

“Who is the recorder?”

The one who recorded all the events until the end of Omega now exists in this world.

“Freemason.”

Fermi turned around.

"let's go. He must be someone you know well.” Jin Seong-eum, who had come down from the bed before she knew it, was preparing to cast Ether Wave again.

Seriel said.

“Go. Check Seong-eum's condition well. I will be preparing here.”

Seeing her precarious figure, Sirone said.

“Can’t we go to the ground? If it's my magic... …

"no. There is no way. The place we are going to is a completely enclosed space with no exit or entrance.”

“No door?”

What I didn't understand at first was, how on earth could they have survived there?

“I will know when I go.”

After Fermi's words, Sungyin cast a spell.

As the etheric waves drew a certain space in front of my eyes, a dark wall approached.

"be careful. It’s a facade here, but it’s actually a vertical structure.”

Nade took the lead.

As he flew to the other side of darkness in an instant, Sirone followed him.

'Suck.'

As he fell with his limbs spread, he saw a small light shining in the distance.

'It's an incredibly deep place.'

Pizza Fermi and Jin Seong-eum, who settled down with fly magic and looked around, approached.

" Come this way."

What I felt as I walked after them was an electromagnetic field stronger than air.

Woo woo woo woo.

As it got closer to the light source, it had a field of view for a radius of about 20 meters.

"long-time… … only… … is, poetry... … Lorne.”

“Richard.”

The face of Ainka Richard, who was a member of the golden ring in school, was floating in the air.

Sirone cried.

There was nothing below the neck, only wires that were tied up and stretched out in all directions.

“You, how come… …

Richard adjusted the audio system.

"are you okay. Because it's what I chose. In fact, this face is also a machine. It's just a mental transfer. It's okay to think that the real me is already dead. but… … Is it strange to say that I am dead now that I am here?”

It felt like a prototype of the outside world.

“Did you record Omega?” The reason why there was no humanity in the last record was because the recorder was also a machine.

“So what. The final version you received will be my data. But this is an old achievement.”

Fermi explained.

“Richard's family Ainka runs the second largest alchemy foundation in the world. A foundation founded by the descendants of those who call themselves Freemasons. Their goal is to make mankind exist forever through science [Scientology].”

The sum of the causes was the effect of the outside world.

said Richard.

"well. Will I one day become a god and create the world for the Illuminati? don't know What is certain is that since you met me, you still have a chance, sirone.”

“What is that… … ?”

Someone walked in the darkness outside.

The Five Great Stars of the Ivory Tower, Mirac Minerva, and the 4-star star, Seongnoe, appeared.

“Mr. Minerva.”

It was fortunate that she was safe, but she said to Sirone with an apologetic look.

“Isn’t it very difficult?”

“Yeah, what… …

The holy brain, Adam, came as a Gaiaman's welcome.

“Yahweh. Descendant of the Guffin. All of this is my responsibility. Give me a chance to turn back.”

Again… … is it human?

“We can save Amy.”

At Minerva's words, Sirone turned her head.

"yes?"

Richard repeated.

“We can save Amy, Sirone. If you want to fight again, we will make it for you.”

While my heart beats fast, my head

was full of negative feelings.

“How is that possible?”

“It goes backwards in history.”

said Fermi.

“Use tachyons to create a cause for Amy not to die. I am fighting for you.”

“It’s a contradiction.”

Sirone's thinking sped up.

“Any misunderstanding is just an illusion. If I go back to the past and save Amy, what will happen here now? Will Amy suddenly show up? Will Nade be different from now?”

Not like that.

“The world in which Amy survived must be a different universe from this one. It's just one of the multiverses. Of course, if you give up your heart, you can live there. But if you don't have a heart in the first place, why should it be Amy? This is exactly what God was trying to do to us.”

It's enough when you get results.

“It's different from protecting my heart with Ouroboros. This is to change your mind for the sake of the law. I can't. You will never be able to come back here.”

“What if you could come back?”

Sirone turned around at Richard's question.

“If you can return to the place where you threw your heart, Sirone, will you fight again?”

“In an infinite universe… …

In a multi-universe where you can create infinite patterns with just one finger.

“How do you find this place?”

said Richard.

“Iron Pole.”

It was the fixed, unchanging coordinates planted in this world by Amitabha Prajna and Veron of the Ten Commandments.